sm
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On motion of Mr. POPE, the vacancy on the
Library Committee, occasioned by the resignation
ofMrVPii^N, was directed to be filled up.
'On'motion of Mr CAMBRELENG, (he Com-
mittee ef Ways and Means was discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of the
Superintendent of the Southwest Executive Build-
ing, and the same was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio asked leave to
make a suggestion to the House in relation to the
business on the private calendar. The bill for the
establishment of a commission of claims had been
made the special order for Friday next, and Mr.
W. would suggest the expediency and propriety of
extending that order, and to-morrow and next day
taking up and acting on such bills as would not
«licit debate, so that they might be sent to the other
branch.
Mr. CAMBRELENG concttrred with the gea-
leman in the propriety of acting on some of the
private bills, but he thought the proper course
would beto annul the special order, suffer the re-
gular business to progress, and thereby leaving the
House at liberty to take up the other bill at some
other time.
Mr. WHITTLESEY could not assent to this,
and preferred an extension of the special order.
THe conversation then dropped.
Mr. WORTHINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill for the relief of Herman
Harris.
TEXAS BOUNDARY.  .
Mr. YELL begged leave to propound an inquiry
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. It would be
recollected that some lime since a memorial had
been presented to the House by him, and referred
to that cemmittee, on the subject of the boundary
lin« between the United States and Texas. His
apology for propounding the question would be
found in the importance of the subject, not only to
the State he had the honor to represent, but to the
General Government; for that of Texas had opened
a iand office within what had been heretofore con-
sidered the limits of the United^ States, and were
selling the iand there.
' Mr. HOWARD [the chairman of the committee]
replied, that the committee had held but one meet-
ing since that subject was referred to them; and
then they found themselves in other matters of ur-
gent importance. He could, howevsr, state to the
gentleman that he was himself aware of the pro-
priety of same further action of Congress on this
subject; and he should avail himself of the earliest
opportunity of calling the attention of Congress
to it.
Mr. FLETCHER of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, reported a bill for the relief of
Hazard Knowles.
WYOMING FLAG.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the select committee
raised on the subject, reported a joint resolution
authorizing the Secretary of War to deliver up to
the people of that valley the Wyoming ¡lag, now
in the War Department, in case the people thereof
desire.
Mr. U. made a statement in relation to this sub-
ject, stating that there were a number of misstate-
ments and inaccuracies in Botta's history of the
battle; in fact, wholly misrepresenting the whole
affair. Mr. U. also corrected an erroneous irnpres-
sien in relation to the flag. It was not the flag of
the ancestors of the people of Wyoming, as had
been at first supposed, but that of the enemy.
Mr. PETRIKIN said that as the flag was not
that of the Wyoming fort, but of the enemy, and
as no general petition had come on from the dis-
trict asking for it, but only one from a single indi-
vidual, and as several respectable men from that
section now m this city had stated that they did not
want this banner, he moved to lay the resolution
on the table. Mr. P. however, temporarily with-
drew the motion at the request of
Mr. POTTER, who made a very interesting and
curious statement in relation to the bloody massa-
cre at Wyoming, exposing the gross and glaring
falsehoods of the history of it by Botta. Mr. P's
speech 'will be given as soon as it can be prepared.
Mr. PETRIKIN then renewed his motion,
which prevailed, and the resolution was laid on the
table.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
passed to the orders of the day.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The consideration of the "bill making appropri-
ations for the Cumberland road, in the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois" was then resumed, on
its third reading, and concurrence with the com-
mittee of the whole in their amendments.
The question was on the motion of Mr. UN-
DERWOOD to recommit the bill to the Committee
of Ways and Means, with instructions to report, in
-Jieu thereof, a bill ceding the road to the Slates
through which it passes.
Mr. EWING moved a proviso thereto, to the
effect that the surrender should take place only in
the event" of an equal amount of money having been
expended on the road west, that there had been on
that east of the river prior to the surrender of the
latter portion thereof.
Mr. POPE, who was entitled to the floor, op-
posed the Proposition of his colleague, both on the
ground of expediency, and as requiring the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to perform a duty
which was not within their province. Mr. P. then
went into the subject at some length, in order to de-
monstrate the binding and existing validity of the
compact between the United Stat s and those
States, and the expediency and propriety of com-
pleting this great work.
Mr. HOLSEY replied to Mr. POPE, and denied
the force of the special compact set up as a prece-
dent for this work, that the other Slates had ever
consented to it, or that it was of any validity, since
the States which derived the sole benefit had given
no consideration for it. Mr. H. supported the mo-
tion of Mr. UNDERWOOD at considerable length.
Mr. ROBERTSON followed on  the same side.
Mr. RARIDEN replied to the objections urged
against the measure, and went into a history of the
various enactments on the subject, &c. warmly
urging its passage.
Mr. ATHERTON gave his views against the
bill, and the whole system of internal improve-
ments by the General Government, and in support
of the motion to recommit the bill, disclaiming, as
a member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
his havinggiven an assent to the bill being reported.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
GOODE and MERCER, in support of the bill;
when
Mr. HAYNES took the floor, and yielded to a
general exclamation to adjourn; and on his motion,
The House adjourned.
Correction.—In the brief skstch of Mr. Cam-
ureleno's firs) remarks in last evening's Globe, on
his motion to bring the House to a direct vole on
the Exploring Expedition, there is some confusion,
as will be seen by referring to the subsequent re-
marks of Mr. C. which are consistent with the fol-
lowing:
Mr. C. said that he had anticipated a motion to
strike out the appropriation for the Exploring Ex-
pedition, and was prepared to furnish the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Montgomery] with the
amount of the reduction which would be required
under each head, m case the House should decide
to discontinue it after the 1st of May. He sug-
gested to the gentleman to withdraw his motion to
recommit the bill, and to, move to teduce the appro-
priations, so that the House might come to a direct
vote upon it. Mr. C. himself should vote against
the reduction, and in favor of the expedition, but
made the suggestion to enable the House to come
to a direct vote, and to facilitate the passage of the
bill.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 12, 1838.
Mr. McKEAN presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens ot Pennsylvania, praying that the
late neaty made with  the Cherokees irniy be con-
sidered: laid on the table.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the proceedings of
a meeting held in the county of Washington, Penn.
on the subject of the late duel, and recommending
Congress to pass a law prohibiting any person who
shall be engaged in a due), from holding any office
of honor, profit, or trust under the Government: laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.    ■
The act supplementary to the act entitled ah act
to provide for the adjustment of titles to lands in
the town of Detroit, State of Michigan, was read
the third time and passed.
Mr. NORVELL submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was read:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be,
and he hereby is, directed, in settling and adjusting
the pay of the Senators, to deduct from the per diem
allowance, the number of days any Senator may
hereafter absent himself from the Senate, without
first obtaining leave of absence, unless he may be
unavoidably detained fiom' his seat by his own
Mr. GRUNDY said it would be better to take
up the resolution, and decide upon it at once, as
he thought it contained an implied censure upon
the conduct of Senators of that body. It did not,
however, apply to him individually, for he believed
he might safely say that he had never lost a day
from his public duties in his life, when well enough
to attend to them. It was objectionable in another
point of view: though the money was but a small
matter, yet how was the Secretary to ascertain, un-
less he called a roll, as they did in camp, who were
and who were not absent? Besides, Senators had
frequently to attend the public offices upon the bu-
siness of their constituents, and business connected
with their duties in the Senate. Mr. G. had no
doubt but the Senator from Michigan was actuated
by the best motives, but he thought the resolution
uncalled for, and he hoped it would be disposed of
at once, either by laying it on the table or reject-
ing it.
The CHAIR said that as the consideration of the
resolution was objected to, there was no question
before the Senate.
Mr. NORVELL trusted that he would at least
be permitted to reply to the Senator from Tennes-
see. He did not offer this resolution without con-
sultation, nor without consideration; and, notwith-
standing the opinions of the Senator from Tennes-
see, he still thought that its adoption would pro-
duce some practical benefit. We have seen, he
continued, for weeks, the Senate frequently doing
business without a quorum, and several times the
business actually suspended for want of one So
far as he was personally concerned, it was known
to the Senate that he was not subject to a charge of
want of liberality in money matters; he was sorry
to say that the reverse was applicable to him. But
there must be some mode adopted to keep a quo-
rum of the body in attendance. It was'not right
that Senators should be sitting here, laboring from
day to day, while others were absent in the pursuit
of their own business, or of pleasure. His object
was not to save money, but to adopt some means
of inducing Senators to attend to their duties, and
to the great business and interests of the nation.
Mr. BENTON said there was already a rule of
the Senate which forbid any member to be absent
without leave. When he first came here, eighteen
years ago, it was a regular thing to ask leave when
a Senator wished to absent himself; m later days,
however, leave was never asked; men go off, and
stay off, to the prejudice of the public business.
He had known instances where business had been
delayed; and more: ha would say that he had also
known instances where it had been precipitated m
consequence of such absence,,and he felt pleased
that the Senator from Michigan had introduced tbe
subject. The deduction of the money was matter
of little moment; but it was a matter of some mo-
ment that Senators should not be absent at a time
when their services were wanted for ths public
business.
The resolution, according to the rules of the Se-
nate, lies upon the table one day.
Mr. WHITE, from the select committee ap-
pointed to consider the subject of the letter of the
Hon. John Rugóles, a Senator from the State of
Maine, and the charges brought against him, made
a report thereon, accompanied by sundry docu-
ments; the report concluding with a resolution,
which the committee recommends to the Senate for
