CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and the last were referred to the Commitee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed,
Mr. PRESTON, in reference to the first of these
resolutions, gave notice that he should call up the
subject connected with them at the earliest day pos-
sible.
Mr. ROBINSON presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Illinois, for a new post route: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. TROTTER presented the petition of the
legal representatives of J. B. D. De Verbois and F.
De Verbois, praying for the confirmation of their
two claims to lands in Mississippi: referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. STRANGE presented the petition of Arthur
Marthers, praying for a pension; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr.NORVELL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Sa-
rah Angel and other heirs at law of Benjamin King,
deceased, which was read and ordered to a second
reading.
• Mr. NORVELL, from the same committee,
made unfavorable reports on the petitions of the
heirs of David Allen, the widow of Miles Goforth,
and the heirs of Thomas Lucas, and the committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the same.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
made unfavorable reports on the petitions of John
Elliot, Gilbert Knapp, and Joseph Orringer, and
the committee was discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof.
Mr. FULTON, from ihe Joint Committee on the
Public Buildings, laid before the Senate the report
agreed on by the Senate and House committees,
and which had already been presented to the
House, accompanied by a bill for removing the
wabs of the Treasury building, and for the erec-
tion of a lire-proof building for the Post Office De-
partment. The bill was read and ordered to a
second reading, and the report and documents were
ordered to be printed.
The bill for the relief of E. W. and H. Smith
was read the third time, and passed.
The following bills from the House were seve-
rally read twice, and referred:
The bill to extend the charter of the Union Bank
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia.
The bill for the relief of William James Aarons.
The bill for the relief of William Walker.
The bill for the relief of Joel Chandler.
The bill for the relief of James A. Williams.
The bill for the relief of Abraham Woodall.
The bill for the relief of Patrick Green.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The bill to prevent the issuing and circulation of
the bills, notes, and other securities of corporations
created by Congress, which have expired, having
been taken up,
Mr. GRUNDY said he had no wish lo hurry
this bill; and, if no Senator wished to address the
Senate on it, he had no objection to its postpone-
ment.
Mr. KING said that this was a very important
bill, as shown by the very able speech of the Sena-
tor from Tennessee yesterday, in its favor. The
Senate was not full, and he himself was not pre-
pared to give his vote on it. He therefore wished
the bill to be laid on the table, or pass it over till
to-morrow.
Mr. CLAY said if the friends of the Administra-
tion desired to pass the bill over, he had no objec-
tion to it. He was really desirous of taking the
vote on this bill, and wished to see whether a ma-
jority of the Senate was prepared to assert the
power claimed by it.
Mr. LINN said if his friend from Alabama
wished to address the Senate on ihe subject, he had
no objection to a postponement, as he always
heard him with pleasure. But if the gentleman
had no such purpose, he hoped the question would
be taken at once.
Mr. KING said he had no intention of speaking
on this subject; but there were some provisions of
this bill which he wished to have an opportunity
of examining into morefully. If gentlemen wished
te take the question now, he had no objections to
their doing so; he only wished to say that, under
his present impressions, he must vote against the
bill.
Mr. STRANGE said the acts complained o", as
set forth in the eloquent and able remarks of the
Senator from Tennessee, were a gross and flagrant
abuse, but he doubted the power of Congress to
reach the subject; and should the question be in-
sisted on, he should be compelled, to vote against
the bill.
Mr. KING (in an under tone.) Exactly my
case.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut hoped the bill would
be permitted to lie over until to-morrow, in order
that he might have time to examine a little further
into its provisions. He did not feel himself pre-
pared to vote at that time; in fact he had no idea,
nor did he believe any other Senator conceived, the
question would be taken to-day, or he might have
been better prepared. He expressed a wish that it
might lie over, intimating his intention to call it
up to-morrow, if no one else would.
Mr. WALL was averse to delaying the bill. It
had already been on the tables for more than a
month, which he thought ample time for investi-
gation. Mr. W. said, so far as he was concerned,
he had not the slightest doubt of the constitution-
ality of the measure.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut said he did not know
that he ought to ask a postponement, as it was his
own fault that he had not examined it; but as he
had not done so, and did not deem the question
would be taken, he would prefer that it- be de-
layed. Constitutional objections had been raised
by Senators, in whose judgment he had every
confidence ; he was not disposed to record his vote
until he had given the matter a full and impartial
examination.
Mr. NILES also thought the bill too important
not to undergo more discussion, and said there
might be other Senators disposed to present their
views. It was not improbable that he might pre-
sent his own on the subject.
The bill was then laid on the table without a di-
vision.
The following bills were severally read the se-
oond lime and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to a third reading.
The bill to authorize the appointment of four
additional clerks in the office of the Commissioner
of Indian Affaiis.
The bill for the benefit of the Levy Court of Cal-
vert sounty, Maryland;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of John
Campbell;
The bill for the relief of Thomas L. Winthrop
and others, directors of an asssociation called the
New England Mississippi Land Company.
[Mr. BUCHANAN addressed the Senate on the
subject of this bill. He had always been opposed
to it as originally reported; but as it was now
amended, he was in favor of it.]
On motion of Mr. NORVELL, the yeas and
nays being desired by one-fifth of the Senators pre-
sent, they were accoidingly ordered, and resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buchanan, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Grundy,
King, Linn, McKean, Merrick, Mouton, Niles,
Rives, Roane, Robbins, Robinson, Ruggles, Smith
of Indiana, Swift, Wall, Williams, and Young—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Cuth-
bert, Fulton, Hubbard, Lumpkin, Nicholas, Nor-
vell, Pierce, Strange, Tipton, White, and Wright
—14.
The bill to authorize the Commissioner of Pa-
tents to issue a patent to Angier March Perkins
and John Howard Kyan.
The bill for the relief of the children and heirs
of William Fisher, deceased; and
Ths bill for the relief of Melancthon T. Wool-
sey.
The bill increasing the salaries of several of the
dtitriot judges of the United States, wa-s discussed
by Messrs. SWIFT, WALL, RIVES, and PREN-
TISS, on a motion of Mr. SWIFT to amend the
bill by increasing the salary of the judge for the
district of Vermont; but before taking any ques-
tion,
The Senate went into the consideration of Execu-
tive business; after which
It adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, April 18, 1838.
Mr. PECK asked leave to present a petition on
the subject of the late duel, but it was object to.
Mr. NAYLOR asked leave to offer the resolu-
tion presented by him some days since, calling up-
on the President of the United States for the rea-
sons why he had not before responded to a call for
certain information on the Exploring Expedition.
Mr. INGHAM assured the House that the in
formation called for would be sent in to-day or to-
morrow.
Several objections being made—
Mr. NAYLOR moved a suspension of the rule,
but the House refused without a division.
Mr. CUSHMAN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill relating to the tenure of of-
fice of subordinate officers of the customs.
Mr. C. moved that the bill be put on its passage,
and made some explanations of the necessity of
the measure; and after some remarks from Messrs.
FILMORE, SMITH, HAYNES, ADAMS, and
TOLAND,
Mr. CUSHMAN moved to postpone its further
consideration till to-morrow; which was agreed to.
Mr. CORW1N, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported, with an amendment, Senate bill
to provide for the better security of the lives of pas-
sengers on board vessels impelled in whole or in
part by steam.
Mr. STANLEY, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin
D. Townes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Va. from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, made an unfavorable
report on the petition of Wm. Neves: ordered to lie
on the table.
- Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, reported against the petition
of the heirs and legal representatives of John Grim-
ball, on the ground that the relief prayed for can
be obtained under an existing law of Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, asked leave to
offer the following preamble and resolutions, which
were read:
Whereas, it was some years since declared to
the people of the United States, by the illustrious
Andrew Jackson, that reform and retrenchment in
their Government and its expenditures were neces-
sary: and whereas, the declaration of the late Pre-
sident, in relation to the promised reform and re-
trenchment of the expenditures of the Government,
was not carried out by his friends in Congress:
and whereas, instead of lessening the expenditures
of the Government, they have been largely and
enormously increased: and whereas, it is highly
important to the people of the United States that
their Government should be usefully administered
upon as cheap a scale or price as is consistent with
the public good:
Therefore, Resolved, That a select committee of
nine members be appointed to take into considera-
tion, and report to this House, what salaries of the
officers of this Government may be reduced, what
officers may be dispensed with, and what items of
expenditures in the various officers or departments
of this Government can be entirely or in part dis-
pensed with; and, for the purpose of enabling the
committee lo make a correct report whether or not
the expenses of the different Executive Depart-
ments of this Government have increased within
the las', ten years, and what salaries may be re-
duced, what officers may be dispensed with, and
what items of expenditure may be lessened:
Therefore, resolved, That the Secretaries of State,
Treasury, War, Navy, and the Postmaster Gene-
ral be, and they are respectively, required to report
and communicate to this House, as soon as practi-
cable, what were the expenses of their respective
Departments, including every item of expenditure,
in the year commencing on the 4th day of March,
1828, and ending on the 3d day of March, 1829,
and so on for each successive year, up to the 4th
day of March, 1838, placing each item of expendi-
ture under its proper head.
