Mr. PRESTON hoped the question would not
be postponed. He thought with the gentleman,
that it would stimulate both Houses to additional
feiei'tions. So far as the Senate was concerned, he
believed the time set forth in the resolution would
be ample to finish all the subjects; but with regard
■to thi other House, he was not prepared to say that
the business of the country might not require a
Somewhat longer period. At all events, it would
be better to show that body that we were ready and
anxious to adjourn by the time fixed on by the joint
reaolve. Mr-. P. here took a glance at the nume-
rous bills of importance which had been matured
by the Senate, and sent to the House of Represen-
tatives, which had not yet been acted on there. He
alluded to the measures of finance for which the
extra session had been called, and the time already
spent of the present session on those subjects, and
others of national importance, which were either
laid on the table, or were still sleeping in the popu-
lar branch. If nothing further was to be done for
the relief of the country, it was time to adjourii.
On that matter the Senate seemed to have termi-
nated its labors. The Independent Treasury bill
brought forward by the Committee of Finance was
dead and buried, and it would require a power lit-
tle short of omnipotent to raise that new Lazarus
from the tomb! What further new and untried
experiment did they contemplate'? If none other,
and the Administration thought it had done all that
was necessary, and meant to leave the result to
the people, then it would be time to adjourn. But
if the Executive intended to suggest, or the Admi-
nistration, or any of its 1'riends, meant to bring for-
ward any measure calculated to relieve the country
from its embarrassment, he would vote with plea-
sure for the motien of the Senator from Tennessee.
[Mr. Grundy said: I hope the Senator from
South Carolina will not understand me as having
m ade any reference or allusion to any thing con-
nected with that measure.]
Mr. Preston was anxious that something should
be done, in order that the Government might no
Ion g«r go on in its present broken down and decre-
pid state, exhibiting the melancholy example of a
you ng Government grown prematurely old, decre-
pid, and weak. He would be glad to see any re-
medy suggested, by those having the control of
affairs, that would save the country from its pre-
sent embarrassment. He would unite most cor-
dially with them, and come forward in the full spi-
rit of patriotism to their relief; but if no such mea-
sure was contemplated, the sooner we went home,
and appealed to our masters, the people, to give us
a lesson, the better!
Mr. WRIGHT observed that he had contented
himself yesterday, when this subject was before the
Senate, with giving a silent vote, without occupying
its attention with any remarks; but as he hoped
the Senate would sustain the motion made by the
Senator from Tennessee to postpone the resolution
for a short period, he proposed to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate very briefly, while he explained
why, in his opinion, they ought to do so. He cer-
tainly would not go into any political discussion
m reference to the propriety of not fixing the day
of adjournment at this time; but he would recount
very briefly the business which they had sent to the
other Heuse, and which had not yet received the
final action of that body.
Mr. W. then referred to the Independent Trea-
sury bill; ths bill for the increase of the army; the
bill granting pre-emptions to actual settlers on the
public lands; and the bill providing for the reduc-
tion and graduation of the price of the public
lands. None of these four important measures
had met the consideration of the other branch of
the National Legislature. They had been told by
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,]
that the most important measure, that in relation to
the currency, was dead—had been put to rest for-
ever in the other House. He could not think so.
There was no doubt but the House of Representa-
tivas felt as deep a conviction of the necessity of
aofog on that great question as was felt here; the
evidence of which feeling was shown in a two
month ' debate.
But suppose the Senator was right—that a ma-
onty of the House of Representatives were op-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
posed to the views of the Executive; were they op-
posed to all action on the subject matter'? Far be
it from him, Mr. W. said, to express an opinion as
to the views and orinions of a majority of that
bodyj but he hoped and believed that they felt im-
peratively the necessity of some action on this
deeply important question, and that they would not
adjourn without it.
Again, no bill had been acted on in either House
of Congress to make provision for the Southern In-
dian war. He had been informed that the House
was in daily expectation of taking up that billj and
the intelligent gentleman from whom he obtained
the information anticipated a debate on the subject
of some weeks. Some of the ordinary appropria-
tion bills, also, were yet to be reported.
It might be said, that if the Senate passed this
resolution the House could amend it, and fix its
own day in reference to the business they had to
act on; but, said Mr. W. shall I fix a time for them
to adjourn that I believe to be too short; and thus,
virtually, say to the country that the House will be
negligent if it does not finish its business by a cer-
tain time? If it could be shown that the two
Houses could get through with the important busi-
ness of the country by the day named in the reso-
lution, he would be as ready to fix the time of ad-
journment as any one; but as he did not believe
that they could now act judiciously in this matter,
he hoped that the motion to postpone the resolution
wouki prevail. Mr. W. concluded by asking for
the yeas and nays on the question, which were
accordingly ordered.
Mr. CALHOUN said, when he voted yesterday
for the adoption of the resolutien, he voted on the
ground that we had ample time to finish all the
business by the first Monday in June. If, how-
ever, the action of the Seaate were to be construed
as expressing an opinion that the measure of
finance, which had been so ably discussed in this
branch, was not to be taken up in the other House,
he should give no vote to countenance any such
impression. He sincerely trusted the House would
feel it an imperious duty to act on that measure,
yea or nay. He would consider it a national
calamity for Congress to adjourn without adopting
some definitive measure in relation to this business;
and he should, therefore, move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. KING said that when he gave notice of his
intention to introduce this resolution, he distinctly
stated the grounds on which he proposed to offer it;
which were that the Senate might turn its atten-
tion to the propriety of an adjournment at as early
a day as the business of the country would justify,
and that the House of Representatives seeing that
the Senate would be able to get through with their
business by a certain day, might turn their atten-
tion to the business before them, and fix their day
for adjournment, in reference to the probable pro-
gress of that business. With this understanding,
the resolution was taken up, and he voted for it on
the grounds he had stated. But the remarks of the
Senator from South Carolina, placed the subject in
a different position. If it was the design of a mino-
rity of the House of Representatives to defeat the
important measure referred to by the Senator from
South Carolina, by delaying it till too late to be
asted on—if it was their design to stave off the bu-
siness of the country by procrastination—if that
was the design of the Senator, and those who
acted with him in voting for this resolution, he
Mr. K. could not go with them. If, as the Senator
said, the House of Representatives were opposed
to this measure, why let them vote against it, and
take the responsibility; but he could not consent
that it should be defeated, by delaying till the day
fixed by the Senate for adjournment, and then
throwing part of the responsibility on the Senate.
He should, therefore, vote for the postponement or
laying the resolution on the table until he saw
the  game that was to be played.
Mr. HUBBARD said he would prefer the mo-
tion of the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Giutndv]
to postpone the subject to a given day. When the
question was taken the other morning on laying
the resolution on the table, he had voted against it,
beeansehe did not wish to countenance the opinion
that the Senate would not be ready to close its ses-
sion on the first Monday in June. It struck him
as most proper to propose some day certain for
acting on the matter, and then if business warrant-
ed, we could take it up. He Mr. H. presumed no
man was prepared to say that the session should
close until some definite action was had on the bill
alluded to by the Senator from South Carolina—
he believed there w:ould be a definite action in
favor of the bill from that body, or one of the
same nature introduced in the other House.
After some further remarks from Mr. PRES-
TON, the question was taken on Mr. Grundy's
motion, and it was carried—yeas 25, nays 16, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy,
Hubbard, King,' Linn, Lyon, Nicholas, Niles,
Nbrvell, Roane, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut,
Tipton, Trotter, Walker, Wall, Williams, Wright,
and Young—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayaid, Buchanan, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Lumpkin,
McKean, Merrick, Prentiss, Preston, Robbins,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Swift, and White—16.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That'the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to cause, for the term of one year, each
officer employed in the collection of the customs, to
keep a daily account, in writing, of the time he is
actually employed in the public service each and
every day, and what his employment each day is,
stating the same so much in detail as to exhibit a
clear and intelligible account of all his services
from day to day.
Resolved, That such memoranda as is made by
each and every officer, shall bs quarterly sworn to
as a full, just, and complete account of the service 
actually rendered, and the time actually spent by
him in public employment.
Resolved, That the memoranda of each district
be embodied together for the use of Congress, and
that the Secretary add* to it the amount of tonnage
entered, cleared, or owned in such district; with
the amount of revenue collected therein, and the
expense of collecting the same; showing what each
officer receives for all such services.
Resolved, That where any officer discharges, or
claims to discharge, the duty of more than one
office, his services in each shall be distinguished,
as well as his compensation.
Mr. NORVELL presented the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Michigan, protesting against
the annexation to the United States of Texas, or
of any district of country lying west or south of
New Orleans: laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. WALL, the Senate took up
the bill to prevent the issuing and circulation of the
bills, notes", and securities of corporations created by
Congress, which have expired; and, after a debate,
in which Messrs. NILES, WALL, GRUNDY,
SMITH of Connecticut, PRESTON, and RIVÉS
took part, and amendments, on motion of Messrs.
RUGGLES and NILES, the bill was laid over in-
formally; and
The Senate went into the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business; after which, it
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, April 20, 1838.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported, without amendment,
Senate bill for the relief of E. W. and H. Smith.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill to enable certain
townships m Ohio to obtain their school lands and
for other purposes.
Mr. PETRIKIN, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to incorporate
certain banks in the District of Columbia, [the bill
had been previously reported some time since, and
was again brought in, without amendment.]
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee on the Ju- i
diciary, reported, without amendment, Senate bill I
for the relief of Thomas Cooper.
Mr. LAWLER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill  for the relief of
