CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wm¿
25th Ooñg.........2nd
MONDAY, APRIL SO, 1838.
Volume- 6.........No. -21.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 PER SESSION,
[Continued from No. 20 ]
ber implicated also, and that he can only be inter-
rogated and examined by the House.
Mr. R. did not pretend to know what was the
extent to which the large volume or volumes of
testimony laid before this committee might go.
He only spoke from conjecture, and with a view to
draw the attention of the House to this matter, at
least before they attempted to print what none of
them, or but those composing the committee, knew
the contents of, whereby they might be spreading
before the public documents containing state-
ments, and resolutions of a committee, involving
the rights and privileges of members of the House,
contrary, as he understood the parliamentary law,
to the provisions intended to secure them. He had
no idea, either, that any member of the House
would concur in the propriety of printing them till
they had beeii read, and supposing that to be the
proper course, and that it would be well to afford
time for considering the other question, he moved
to lay all the reports upon the table, in order also
that the House might take time on a question so
momentous and important, to reflect upon the
course which ought to be adopted.
Before the question was propounded,
Mr. MALLORY moved an adjournment, which
prevailed, and accordingly
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, April 23, 1838.
THE LATE DUEL.
The first business in order being a privileged
question, was the report of the sdect committee,
on the subject of the late duel, made on Saturday
last, and the motion of Mr. TOUCEY, under the
unanimous direction of the committee, to print
and postpone the' further consideration thereof till
this day fortnight.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
ROBERTSON to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr. ROBERTSON withdrew that motion, and
after some remarks against the motion to print
and postpone, and substituted another to refer the
whole subject to a committee to be denominated the
Committee of Privileges, with instructions to re-
port to the House what course, in their judgment,
it is proper to pursue.
Mr. R. concluded with the expression of a wish
that, should his motion prevail, he might be excused
from serving en the committee.
The original question to postpone taking prece-
dence,
Mr. TOUCEY addressed the House for some
time in support ofthat motion.
After a few words from Mr. MENEPEE and
Mr. WISE,
Mr. GLASCOCK advocated the motion to post-
pone and print, the latter especially, as an act of
justice to all the parties implicated, both in and out
of the House.
Mr. ROBERTSON again opposed both motions,
and insisted upon the propriety of his own, to refer
the subject to another committee.
Mr. ELMORE vindicated the course the com-
mittee had felt themselves bound to pursue under
the instructions given to them by the House, and
went into a brief examination of the case cited by
Mr. Robertson, from Grey's Parliamentary De-
bates, showing that it did not apply to the one be-
fore the House. He referred to the resolution rais-
ing the select committee, in which they were pe-
remptorilylordered to do what they had done. If
Mr. R's objection was a valid one, it should have
been made at the time that resolution was before the
House. *
Mr. THOMPSON opposed the printing, and re-
prehended the course the committee had taken, as
transcending their powers, on the ground taken by
Mr. Robertson, that the question becoming one of
privilege, all proceedings before them should have
been estopped as soon as the fact of a member of the
House being involved was disclosed.
Mr. JENIFER objected to the postponement
that the committee had not confined themselves to
a statement of facts, and facts alone, but had pre-
sented an argument, and had charged a member
with being guilty of a breach of privilege. The
postponement would allow the report to go out to
the country, and would operate to create preju-
dices, and perhaps false opinions,- long before a
cool discussion in the House could prevent a re-
action. If the subject was ever to be taken up, it
should be done at once, as soon as the report could
be printed, which might be done by to-morrow
morning, as it was undoubtedly in the hands of the
printer, who had already made extracts from it.
He then moved that the whole subject, except a
bill to prevent duelling, be laid on the table, and
that that bill be taken up to-morrow.
The SPEAKER said there was no such bill in
possession of the House.
Mr. JENIFER modified his motion, so as to
strike out the clause relating to the duelling bill;
and, at the request of the gentleman from South Ca-
rolina, [Mr. Elmore,] withdrew it, to permit him
to make an explanation.
Mr. FLETCHER, of Vermont, then obtained
ihe floor, and refused to yield it for the explanation;
but proceeded to say, that he cared nothing about
the postponement, but insisted on the propriety of
printing. It was necessary for the House to know,
before they could consider the subject properly,
what the report contained. If there was any thing
wrong m the report, if the committee had transcend-
ed their powers, the House unght to know it, which
they could not do if the printing weie refused.
Mr. DUNCAN replied to the objection that the
committee had transcended their powers, that it
should have been made at the time the committee
was instructed. If a special report had been re-
quired, they should have been directed to make one.
They had been instructed generally, and now, hav-
ing reported generally, it'was too late to object.
He was in favor of the printing, that the House
might know what the report contained. It was said
that members of the House were implicated—that
there was a bill on the subject of duelling, but he
knew of no charge implicating any member or
members, nor of any bill on this subject. When
there are rules of the House, they ought to be obey-
ed, but when an investigation is ordered in general
terms, (he report ought to be made in general terms.
He thought the best course was, to adopt the mo-
tion to postpone and print; and was opposed to the
motion to refer to another committee, to ascertain
if any member of the House is implicated, because
it would cause needless delay, and perhaps prevent
the action of the House upon the whole subject.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON said he would not ex-
press his opinion upon the merits of the subject now,
but would wait till the report camo in another form
before the House. He was in favor of thp motion
to commit the report to another committee, to as-
certain if any member of the House was implica-
ted; and if such was the case, it was proper that
the witnesses should be examined before the House,
before a member should be deprived of a seat in
the House, which he considered higher than any
station or privilege that could be conferred by the
Government.                             *
Mr. MENEFEE called for the reading of the re-
solutions.
Mr. ELMORE then said he should call for the
reading of the whole report.
Mr. BELL objected to such an unnecessary con-
sumption of time, and thought the matter now stood
precisely where it should res!, until the question had
been decided whether it was improper for a com-
mittee to proceed against a member, without being
specially directed to do so by name. The fact has
been announced by the chairman of the committee,
that certain members have been proceeded against;
and the question should be decided before the House
took any further steps, whether that proceeding was
improper.
Mr. MENEFEE said he called for the reading
to establish the fact alluded to; and went on to
argue that this was "a subject on which the House
ought to be particularly careful. He considered
the proceedings of the committee irregular, and
contrary to the rule of the Manual, which had
been adopted and made- the law of the House.
He wished the trial of a member to be open before
the House, when the witnesses could be subject to
cross-examinations; and contended that the testi-
mony taken in secret by the committee could not
be used in a trial before the House, and therefore
ought not to be printed and circulated.
The SPEAKER intimated that these remarks
ranscended the proper limits of the discussion
upon the motion before the House.
Mr. MENEFEE only alluded to the fact that
the report could not be|used, to show that it ought
riot to be printed.
Mr. LEGARE wished to ask how far it was
proper for a committee in secret session to try a
member of the House.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order to go
into that inquiry on a motion to print.
Mr. LEGARE, with all deference to the Chair,
thought if the rules of the Manual were laid down
a? the law of the House, it was necessary to look
into the practice of Parliament, to look to the prac-
tice of this House in other cases, and to look at the
IS fundamental principle, that, when a person is
If accused, he is to be confronted with his accuser
and with !he witnesses.
The SPEAKER replied that that would be very
proper when the report should be before the House;
but on an incidental motion to print a paper it was
not in order.
Mr. MENEFEE concluded with an argument to
show the impropriety of going on to implicate a
member before a committee.
Mr. THOMAS briefly stated the distinction of
the cases arising under the parliamentary law laid
down by Mr. Jefferson, as originally cited bv Mr.
Robertson. Mr. T. contended that its applica-
tion was where a committee, charged with the ex-
amination of a subject, discovered, in the course
of their investigations, that a member of the House
was incidentally charged; but the present case was
altogether of a different character, for the fact that
members were implicated was notorious, the com-
mittee specially raised with reference to it, and
they were specially directed to inquire into it. Mr.
T. had voted for the original resolution, as he be-
lieved that common sense, as well as parliamen-
tary law, which was founded on common sense,
required that the result should be placed on the
documents of the House.
Mr. FILLMORE opposed the printing of the
report, on the ground, as he stated, that it was
composed of ex parte testimony, taken m the ab-
sence of the party accused, and of the trial of a
man for a criminal offence, without his having had
an opportunity of hearing that testimony.
Mr. TOUCEY corrected the gentleman's state-
ment. The committee had tried no ene, and the
persons supposed to be implicated had been allow-
ed to call witnesses, and to examine and cross ex-
amine them.    No one had been tried.
Mr. SIBLEY likewise opposed the printing, in-
asmuch the minds of the triors might be prejudiced
by reading the testimony. Mr. S. was for having
the witnesses examined at the bar of the House.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said, that some two months
since a matter of very great importance, both to
the House and the country, was referred to a
select committee, with instructions, substantially,
to gather the facts in the case, and to report thereon
to the House. That committee, after having been
industriously engaged nearly two months in prose-
cuting the object of their appointment, have finally
reported. The usual motion is now made to print
this report for the use of the House; not an extra
number for distribution among the people   but the
