328
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
been he ird in their defence. If the House was to
be called upon, when the report should come up on
the postponement, to act upon the resolution, as it
now stands, it would lead to inextricable confusion.
Tnpy would be called upon to decide, without a
trial, without a heaung, and without the proper
preliminary steps, whether certain members of the
House deserved punishment
Mr. BOON rose to order- he wished to know, if
upon the question of printing and postponement, it
was m order to discuss the punishment Or ho*
any member could know what was in the report
The SPEAKER said it was not m order to dis-
cuss the question of punishment
Mr TOUCEY said the first question w?s,
whether any member had been guilty of a breach
of privilege1
Mr FLETCHER said, No it was a question
«hether a member 3hould be punished. Was it
proposed that any member should be put ou trials
Mr. TOUCEY. Certainly.
Mr. FLETCHER, said if the report recom-
mended a irial he wouid go for it, but he did not
¡'m eioUiid tnat there was any such proposition.
As he understood the report as it now stands, theie
•t s a resolution of punishment, but no proposition
toi the tual of any member of the House It was
for punishment without trial, and if the House was
o take up the report hereafter, to act first upon
that resolution, it would be involved in unavoida-
ble and inextricable confusion He -wished that
the report might be so altered now, that the action
of the House could be practicable, whereas, as the
teport now stands it must be wholly impracticable.
He desired to have such a course taken with the
repoit now as would lead to a result directly, with-
•>u' postponement There was such a course, clear
and definite; and he referred to the case of John
Smith as a precedent There the committee took
testimony, and reported it to the Senate, when the
accused was put upon trial before that body de novo
That was the course that should be adopted now
But as the report now stand , he could see no
course for the action of the House. It would be
a mere question of punishment, without trial, wi fl-
out hearing, without defence, on the part of the
accused. Ha wished the House would now put
the report in some shape, so that the House could
obtain me evidence, and co-ne to a praetitabie
action upon it, without a ie, a.tion oí this dJute
on a matter of form
Mr. GRANTLAND lemarked, that the commit-
tee had received a great deal of censme if not
abuse, for the manner in which they hart conducted
their proceedings, and, strange to say, li iia quar-
ters too who had voted for the resolut  ,i. The
objection had been based on the rule lai'1 lown ny
Mi. Jefferson. Now was that rule kno\n «hen
the resolution w as adopted2 If so, why did not
those cognizant of it call the attention ol the Hou'e
to it, and have the course of the committee di-
rected undei n1 Why did not the le-uned gen-
tleman irom Massachusetts, who, ahove all othei«,
had censured the committee, duect the propel
course of the committee by amending the reso-
lution All Mr. G. could say was, that the
committee had discharged the duty a-b,gncd to
them to the b> st of their abiiuy Several of them
were new membeis, and but few of them were
versed in the rules of parliamentary law If, how-
i-vei, iny member of the House knew of that rule,
and did not notify the House of it, but censuied the
Gommmee, Mr. G should say that that member
was far more deserving of censure than the com-
mittee, 01 any member of it
Tne committee had also been censured on an-
other account, and he believed no gentleman who
tial participated in this deoate had saiu ore word
m extenuation of them. They had been censured
í )i moving a pos. ponement of this subject to so
listant a day, and he had hoped that when the gen-
t'eoian from Massachusetts, who w„s amerrber of
tie commttee, [Mr Grenkell,] occupied the
House for a considerable length of time, he wouid
have explained to the House why so distant a day
had been named, because it was done lorthe par-
ticular convenience of the gentleman himself The
balance of the comm.ttee proposed a much earlier
day—as early a day as could be named after the
papers were punted, but that gentleman informed
the committee that he wished to be absent from the
city, and—
The CHAIR requested the gentleman ' bstam
fiom going into any pioceedmgs before the com-
m.ttee.
Mr. GRANTLAND explained that several gen-
tlemen had severely censured the committee, and
he could not justify them without referring to what
had been done there in relation to the point upon
which they were threatened.
Mr GRENNELL rose to explain
Mr. GRANTLAND assuied the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that he did not advert to this,
to censure the gentleman, but to repel the attack
made upon the committee
Mr. GRENNELL said that one week from
Monday—
The CHAIR reminded the gentleman that if any
thing which occurred in the committee might be
stated, every thing might.
Mr GRENNELL would merely explain, then,
that he made no request, but stated the fact to the
committee that he was going to be absent.
Mr. GRANTLAND, in reply, said he would ap-
peal to every membei of the committee if it was
not at the suggestion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts that the motion for so distan' a day was
adopted1
In reference to the other point, however, he
must aa), that if blame was attachable any where,
the House, and not the lo.nmittee, was to blame.
The committee had reported, which was what they
were directed to do, and had made thr«e i eports, oi
one report and two counter reports, and he should
suppose one of them might please, or if neither did,
the House might amend one of them. But the
committee were ordered to make a report, and hav-
ing done so, they were now told they had no right
to make a report, and this, teo, by those who had
voted for that veiy order1 Why did they not say
so at the Unit1
It seems that the committee did not think of a
lule of which nobody tlse thought, for, if any one
had knoun of it, he would have acted with candor
to nave diann the attention of the House to it.
But they h-nl othei instruí tions than those em-
br,ic< d in the resolution He held m his hand two
(Ml of >-oinc htmdrul oi more petitions, signed by
some tnenty rdd thousind people, perhaps, pray-
n  lor toe pxpul-ic n of membeis c Í the House,
b\ name These two petitions w > presented
by the mernb r from Massachusetts, | Vir Ad-ims,]
«no had reflected so severely upon the com-
n,iin,e, and Mi. G would ask tor Oiat puipose
lUv wire stnt to the committee, if t eir prayer
«as not lo be acted u,> m1 Why not lay them
upon the lab'c' Now the lomirmtte did consider
that a trong mil ilion of the w il a id Hiten-
tu n ol *he llou c, ami ho v '•mild they vn   it in any
ot'ier light'' ]lf npeand, that grct injustice ha 1
b eu done to the comm ttoe, but it was no unusual
ttiins; to do mju tne to an inve I gating com-
mtiti.e, lor thos  wm> disliked the object of the in-
vestigation generally attacked the committee, and
tried to diveit t ie ohjwf.
foi himself, Mi 1} said, he cared very little
whit oovrse was taken Ho went into the com-
mittee perfectly unpiejud'ced, and he could assure
the Hou«e that if any gentleman had brought the
clause in the Manual to hts notice, he certainly
would have given to it his serious attention, but he
had never heard oi ,t, and he doubted if ten mem-
bers of the Houso had had any knowledge ol it.
All knew that theie was nothing abou* which they
differed so much as the rules of the House, but
this was not known, he believed, to one, certainly
not to ten members of the House, at the time the
resolution was passed Had Mr. G. known it, he
might have given a different direction to the course
he pursued
Mr. BELL went nt length into an argument to
show, that the parties accused had a right to a full
fnal before the House, if they chose to claim i!;
though he supposed the individuals in this case
would not insist upon the extent of their rights in
that respect He also made some remarks to show
that it was improper to print the evidence, as much
so as to print the arguments of the committee. But
he was authorized to say, that the parties implica-
ted desired that the evidence might be laid at once,
without delay, before the House and the country.
Be it favorable or unfavorable, they desired that
the proofs might be laid immediately before the
community. But he considered that this would be
a precedent, ana that no departure from the strict-
est course of such a proceeding should be allowed,
unless by general consent of the House, and the
parties, and with that fact entered upon the journal.
This he contended was nocessary, in order to guard
the rights of members who may be accused hereaf-
tet, perhaps in times of high party excitement,
when political, personal, and vindictive passions
might be urged on to procure the ruin of a member
of the House
Mr. PENNYBACKER said he did not rise to
make a speech. He wished to make a suggestion
in relation to a remark that the vote would be ef a
party cast. He deprecated such a result. He
hoped the motion to postpone and print would not
prevail, and he was emboldened to maintain that
opinion by the assertion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] that the parties had no ob-
jection to let the House have the full testimsny in
the case. He thought the committee had acted in
good faith, though he believed they had gone a lit-
tle further than the law would warrant. He was
not here when the original resolution was passed,
but if he had been here he should have voted fox it,
and should act now precisely as if he had
done so. Mr. P. referred to cases reported
of trials in the British House of Commons;
and inferred the necessity of a notice to the House,
when it is ascertained that a member is implicated,
that the House may take such steps aa they may
deem proper, and that the member may ask leave
to appear before the committee. Such, as he read,
is the uniform practice of the British Parliament.
He knew that it was said that the House had m
their mind's eye certain members of the House, in
the passage of the original resolution. But this was
a judicial proceeding, and it did not judicially ap-
pear that any such persons were indicated or im-
plicated. The recollection of the members of ther
House, who may now understand the whole sup-
posed case, would pass away, and nothing would
remain upon the journal to show to those who
may come hereafter, that any members were im-
plicated. As the House was acting, not merely for
the present, but setting a precedent foi the go-
vernment of the future, he hoped the proceed-
ings would be corrected, and that some such re-
solutions as had been indicated by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] might be
adopted
Mr. SERGEANT suggested to the Speaker and
to the House, but paruculaily to the Speaker, the
necessity of conforming strictly to the law, because
it was no justification of a known wrong, that it
had been committed in conformity to an order of
the House, which in itself wa« contra i y to law.
He a'so looked to the result, if, m case the pro-
ceedings should be irregular, the House should pass
resolutions of expulsion and censure, and the mem-
beis should resist the execution of the sentence.
The House was bound to follow the constitutional
provisions made for the preservation of private
rights and personal privileges The party accused
has a right to be openly charged, and heard m
his defence in open trial.
He went at length into an examination of the
doings of the committee, to show that the law had
not been confoiraed to m the pioceedmgs of the
committee, so as to secure to the members impli-
cated those rights and privileges, of which the
House had no power to dppnve them. He would
go so far as to say, that a member accused had
no right to waive any privilege to which by law he
is entitled, because all the privileges of the law are
the property and privileges of every member of
the House and of their constituents; and it was
important that m all cases they should be carefully
maintained and held sacred.
Mr. BOON called for the reading of the report.
He wished to know upon what he was called upon
to vote
Mr. BELL objected to the proceeding as a viola-
tion of the proper course.
