330
CO?mTiESST0irAX GLOBE.
On Friday, the 23d of February, Mr Wise pre-
sented to Mr. CiUey, at his boarding house, a few
minutes before 12 o'clock, m. a challenge from Mr
Graves.
Washington City, Feb. 23, 1838.
As you have declined accepting a communica-
tion which I bore to you from Colonel Webb, and
as by your note of yesterday you have refused to
decline on grounds which would exonerate me
from all responsibility growing out of the affair, I
am left no other alternative but to ask that satis-
faction which is recognised among gentlemen. My
friend, Hon. Henry A.Wise, is authorized by me to
make the arrangements suitable to the occasion,
Your obedient servant,
WM J GRAVES.
Hon, J. ClLLEY.
On the evening oí the same day, about the hour
of 5 o'clock, p. m. Mr. Jones, the delegate from
Wisconsin, delivered to Mr. Graves, in the room
of Mr. Wise, and in his presence, an acceptance
of the challenge
Washington City, Feb. 23, 1838.
Your note of this morning has been received.
My friend, Gen. Jones, will " make the arrange-
ments suitable to the occasion."
Your obedient servant,
.TONA. CILLEY
Hon. W. J. Graves.
Mi. Jones immediately submitted the following j
propositions to Mr. Wise
Washington, February 23,1838
Sir Mr Cilley proposes to meet Mr. Graves,
at such place as may be agreed upon between us,
to-moirow, at 12 o'clock, m. The weapons to be
u-.cd on the occasion shall be nfles, the parties
placed side to side at 80 yards distance from each
other; to hold the riñes horizontally at arm's
length, downwards; the rifle? to be cocked, and
mggeis set, the words to be, " Gentlemen, are
vou readv v> After which, neither answering
" No," the words shall be, in regular succession,
  Fire—one, two, three, four " Neither party
shall fire before the xvord "fire," nor after the
word "four. ' The positions of the parties at the
ends of the line to be determined by lot. The
second of the party losing the position shall
have the gn ing ot the word. The dress to be ordi-
nary winter clothing, and subject to the examina-
tion of both parties. Each party may have on the
ground, besides his second, a surgeon, and two
other friends. The ^econds, for execution of their
respective trusts, are allowed to have a pan of
pistols each on the ground, but no cthei person
shall have any weapon. The nfl-s to be loaded m
the presence of the seconds Should Mr Graves
not be able to procure a nfle bv the time prescribed,
time shall be allowed for that purpose
Your veiy obedient servant,'
GEO  W   .TONES
lion Henry A Wisr
About 9 o'clock, p m Ml  Wiseieplied
Washington, Febmiry 23, 18.18.
Sir The terms arranging the meeting between
Mr. GraiesandMr. Cillev, which you presented
to me this evening, though unusual and objection-
able, are accepted, with the undeistandmg that the
rifles are to be loaded with a single ball, and that
neithrr party is to iar-c his weapon fiom the down-
ward hoii/onlal position until the woid "fire "
I will inform jou, '•¡r, by the hour of 11 o'clock,
a. m to-in<now, vhelhu Mr Graves has been able
to procuie a Hile, and, consequently, whether he
will requ te i postponement of the time of meeting.
Your very obedient servant,
HENRY A. WISE
Hon. Gfo W Jones
About 8 o'clock, a. m. on the 24th, Mr. Jones
left at Mr  Wise's room the following note, to wit
Washington City, D C.
Febmaiy 24,1838.
Sir I w nl receive, at Doctor Reilly's, on F street,
any commumraUon you may see propel to make
me, until 11 o'clock, a. in. to-day.
Respectfullv,
Your obedient servant,
GEO W JONES.
Hon. H. A, Wras.
Dr. Ruliy's, F'streit,
Febiuary 24, 1838, 10 o'clock, a m
Sir 1 have called at this place, m conformity
with your note of this morning, to inform you that
Mr Graves has not as yet been able to procure a
rifle and putit in order, and cannot be íeady by 12
o'clock, m to-day. He is desirous, however, to
have the meeting to-day, if possible, and I will in-
form you by half-past 12 o'clock, m to-day, what
time to procure and prepare a weapon he will
lequire
Very respectfully, &c.
HENRY A. WISE.
Hon. George W. .Tonfs.
Afterwards, Mr. Jones left at Mr. Wise's room
the following nole, to wit:
Washington, 10i, a. m.
February 24, 1838.
Your note, dated at 10 o'clock to-day, is received.
In reply, I have the pleasure to inform you that
I have in" my possession an excellent rifle, in good
order, which ¿sat the service of Mr. Graves.
Very respectfully, &c.
GEORGE W JONES.
Hon. H. A. Wise
Afterwards, Mr Jones sent to Mr. Wise's room
the following note, to wit
Washington,
February 24,1838, 11, a. m.
Sir- Through the politeness of my friend, Doctor
Duncan, I now  tender to you, for the use of Mr.
Graves, the rifle referred to in my note of I Oí, a. m]
this morning.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE W. JONES.
Hon.H. A Wise.
And with this note a rifle and powdei-flask, and
balls, were left at Mr. Wise's room.
The rifle was procured by Mr. Jones, and sent
by him to Mr. Wise.maccoidance with a previous
request of Mr. Wise, or in consequence of a con-
versation between them Mr Jones says it was
m strict accordance with the request of Mr Wise
and Mr. Wise says he hada conversation with Mr.
Jones upon the subject, requested Mr Jones to In-
form him where one could be obtained, and has no
doubt that it was in consequence of this conversa-
tion that Mr. Jones sent the rifle, and that he acted
with 'he best motive in sending it
Mr. Wise having received the last note, called
on Mr. Jones, and informed him that Mr. Graves
had procured another rifle, and would be ready
for the meeting at 3 o'clock, p m     The parties
met by airangement on the road to Marlborough,
m Maryland.   Mr Cilley was accompanied by his
second, Mr Jones, by Mr. Bynum ot Not th. Caro-
lina, and Col   James  W.   Schanmburg,  as his
friends, and by Di   Duncan of Ohio, as his sur-
geon. Mr. Graves was attended by Mr Wise, as his
second,  by Mr   Cutienden, Senator from Ken-
tucky, and   Mr   Menefee ol   Kentucky, as his
fi icnds, and by Dr    roll/, of this city, as his, sur-
geon, and all  pjorcJded thence about 2 o'clock,
p m  to the pi ice of meeting.   Mr. Jones and Mi.
Wise immediately marked off the ground.    The
line   of fire   was at right  angles with the rays
of  the   sun      The  choice   of  positions fell by
lot   to   Mr     Wise,   and   Mr    Jones   had    the
giving of the  word      Mr   Wise chose the posi-
tion  at  the northwesterly end of the line      The
distance   was about  nnety-two   yards       There
was a strong wind falling on the line of fire at an
angle of about 45° a?ams,t Mr. Cilley.   The posi-
tion of Mr. Graves was near a wood, partly shel-
tered by it, and that of Mr Cilley was on higher
gtound, and in the open field.   The calibie of Mi
Giaves's rifle was nearly twice as large as that oí
Mr Cilley's, and would receive a ball of about
eighty to the pound, while the rifle of Mr. Cilley
would receive a ball of about one hundred and
thirty-two to the pound.     Mr. Calhoon and Mr.
Hawes, both members of  the House from Ken-
tucky, were at some distance off as spectators.
Mr Wise had two rifles on the ground, one of
which, not being loaded, remained, by consent, in
one of the carriages      The ha> k dnvers were on
the   ground,  and  two   other   persons,   (Grafton
Powell and James F. Brown,) were present,  with-
out the consent of either party or their friends.
Shortly after 3 o'clock, p. in. the parties exchanged
shots, according to the terms of meeting. Mr.
CiUey fired first, before he had fully elevated his
piece; and Mr. Graves fired one or two second's
afterwards. Both missed. Mr. Graves could not
have reserved his fire, had he been disposed to
do so.
The friends assembled at the request of Mr.
Wise, and JVIr. Jones inquired of Mr. Wise
whether-his friend [Mr. Graves] was satisfied? Mr.
Wise immediately said: "Mr. Jones, these gentle-
men have come here without animosity towards
each other; they are fighting merely upon a point
of honor; cannot Mr. Cilley assign some reason for
not receiving at Mr. Graves's hands Col. Webb's
communication, or make some disclaimer which
will relieve Mr. Graves from his position'"' Mr.
Jones replied. "While the challenge is impending,
Mr. Cilley can make no explanations." Mr. Wise
said- "The exchange of shots suspends the chal-
lenge, and the challenge is suspended for explana-
tion." Mr. Jones, thereupon, went to Mr. Ciliey
and returnee'; and after a few words in regard to
putting m writing what had been and might be
said, Mr. Jones proceeded to say: "I am authorized
by my friend, Mr. Cilley, to say, that in declining
to leceive the note from Mr. Graves, purporting
to be from Colonel Webb, he meant; no disrespect to
Mr. Graves, because he entertained for him then,
as he now does, the highest respect and the mosi
kind feelings, but that he declined to receive the
note, because he chose not to be drawn into any
controversy with Colonel Webb," or, "he refuses
to disclaim disrespect for Colonel Webb, because
he does not choose to be drawn into an expression
of opinion as to him." Both expressions were
used in the course of the conversation. Af-
ter a consultation on each side, Mr. Wise
said to Mr Jones, "This answer leaves. Mr. Graves
precisely in the position m which he stood when
the challenge was sent " From an examination
of the evidence, it will be perceived that, although
the language made use of by the persons present,
m narrating what passed on this occasion, is not
the same, there is yet no substantial difference
between them. Mr. Cilley re-asserted the ground
which he had assumed m the correspondence; that
he declined to receive the note of Webb, because
he chose to be drawn into no controversy with
him; that he refused to disclaim any personal ex-
ception to Webb asa gentleman or man of honor,
because he would neither affirm j or deny any
thing m regard to his character; and that in de-
clining to receive the demand of explanation, he
had intended no disrespect to Mr. Graves. Mr.
Cilley even went farther, and declared that he en-
tertained for him the highest respect ani the most
Janifcelmgs The position of Graves was, there-
fore, not changed, except so lar as the peril of life
bv Mr. Cilley in defence of his own position, and
the subsequent voluntaiy avowal of the highest re-
spect and the most kind feelings for the individual
who had put lum in jeopardy, may be supposed to
have changed it.
Mr. Crittenden says, that it was now "urged on
the part of Mr Graves that Mr. Cilley ought to
make some such explanation or declaration as had
been proposed, for the satisfaction of Mr Graves;
while on the part of Mr Cilley it was urged that
Mr. Graves ought to be satisfied with the exchange
of shots, without any <-uch explanaron or declara-
tion " All the friends of Mr. Cilley urged that
Mr. Graves should now be satisfied, and that the
aflair should now terminate, without requiring
from Mr. Cilley any further concession beyond
what he had already made. Doctor Foltz said he
"thought the affair should end here; that there was
no peioonal ill feelings between the parties; that
they had both proved themselves men of honor and
courage, and that Mr. Cilley's opinion of Colonel
Webb could not be changed by the farther exchange
of shots or the receipt of wounds." Mr Critten-
den was understood, by nearly all present, to con-
cur m these views, though it seems he did not in-
tend so to bp understood, but acquiesced with Mr.
Wise and Mr. Menc'ee m insisting that th  fight
should go on, unless Mr. Cilley would make the
concession which had been demanded. Accord-
ingly the challenge was renewed, the parties re-
