$32
•*■■■  ■......       " j     '                       " j ■'"—
occurred, as disclosed by the joint statement of
the seconds, or the testimony of any witness,
which gives color to a suggestion," that there
was, at any time afterwards, a change of the
ground of controversy.
No communication whatever, upon the subject
of diiference, took place between the principals,
their respective seconds, or friends, after the chal-
lenge was given, before the first exchange of shots.
Of course, no change of the ground of contro-
versy could have occurred until after Mr. Cilley
had received the fire of his antagonist, and had ha-
zarded his life in defence of the position which he
had assumed ia the correspondence. After the first
exchange of shots, as already shown, Mr. Cilley
re-asserted his original position, and Mr. Wise in-
sisted that what was then said by Mr. Jones only
placed " the affair upon the original grounds," and
left "Mr. Graves precisely in the position in which
he stood when the challenge, was sent." There
was, in fact, no change whatever in the position of
the parties, except what arose from the circum-
stance that Mr. Cilley had given Mr. Graves the
satisfaction demanded of an exchange of shots, and
from the further circumstance that Mr. Cilley not
only repeated the disclaimer that he had meant no
disrespect to Mr. Graves, but positively avowed,
also, that he entertained for him the highest respect
and the most kind feelings.
In this state of the controversy the challenge is
renewed, and Mr. Cilley again puts his life in
jeopardy. The challenge being once more sus'
pended, he again insists upon his original position,
that he had declined to receive the demand for explana-
tion of the words spoken by him in debate, because he
chose to be drawn into no controversy with Webb, and
that he would assign no other reason; and while, on
the other hand, it was insisted for Mr. Graves that
he considered himself bound not only to preserve
the respect due to himself, but to defend the honor
of his friend, Col. Webb, and that he only insisted
"that he had not borne the note of a man who was not a
man of honor and not a gentleman," Mr. Cilley re-
plied affirmatively to a proposition submitted on the
part of Mr. Graves, that in declining to receive the
note, he meant no disrespect to Mr. Graves, either di-
rectly or indirectly; and declared that he entertain-
ed the highest respect for him, but declined to re-
ceive the note, because he chose to be drawn into
no controversy with Col. Webb. He excluded,
in direct and positive terms, every possibility of
disrespect to Mr. Graves, directly or indi-
rectly, and in effect only insisted on his right
to decline a demand for explanation of words
spoken in debate, because he chose to be
drawn into no controversy upon the sub-
ject, without assigning any other reason. But
he was interrogated for another reason, and an-
other reason was demanded; and for resisting that
demand the challenge was again renewed, and he
fell a victim in defence of what he conceived to be
his rights as an individual, or as a representative
of the people in the House of Representatives.
The committee were disposed to pursue this in-
quiry in every form. Not content with tracing the
cause of the challenge in the written correspon-
dence, in the assignment of reasons for the chal-
lenge under Mr. Graves's own hand, and in the
various propositions which were submitted on the
field, from the beginning to the end of the contest,
they proceeded to put to every witness who was
believed to know any thing upon the subject, the
direct inquiry, whether "Mr. Graves or his second,
at any time before Mr. Cilley fell, communicated
to Mr. Cilley, his second, or attendant friends, that
a question of vpracity between Mr. Graves and Mr.
Cilley was a point of difficulty to be adjusted?"
Mr. Jones answered, "Certainly not to me, nor to
Mr. Cilley, at any time, to my knowledge, either
before or during the day the duel was fought. I
did not hear of the existence of such a question un-
til the Sunday or Monday after Mr. Cilley was
killed. The written correspondence between Mr.
Graves and Mr. Cilley does not show the existence
of any such question of veracity" Mr. Bynum
answered, "1 heard no such communication, di-
rectly or indirectly, from either Mr. Graves or
his second, made or intimated to Mr. Cilley or
any of his friends, before he fell."   Mr. Schaum-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
burg answered, "I did not understand that there
was a 'question of veracity1 between the parties,
nor was there any conversation on the subject."
Dr. Duncan answered, "They never did to
my knowledge. I never heard the ques-
tion of veracity assigned, during Mr. Cilley's
life, as the cause of any difficulty." Mr. Pierce
answered, "I never held any conversation with Mr.
Graves, or 'his second or attendant friends,' in re-
lation to the late fatal duel, nor did I ever hear,
until subsequently to the 24th of February last,
'that any question of veracity between Mr. Graves
and Mr. Cilley was a point of difficulty to be
adjusted." Dr. Foltz answered, "They did not."
Mr. Wise answered, "I do not know what Mr.
Graves may have communicated to Mr. Cilley at
any time before he fell, as to a question of veracity
between them. I presume they both knew what
had passed between them, verbally. I believe
that 1 did state to Mr. Jones, or to other
friends of Mr. Cilley, on the ground, that Mr.
Graves said Mr. Cilley had assigned to him
the reason for decliniog to receive the note
of Colonel Webb, that he did not choose to be held
accountable for words spoken in debate. I think
I so informed Mr. Jones when I asked him if Mr.
Cilley could not assign this reason on the ground;
but of this I am not positive." Mr. Crittenden
answered, "Not that I know of. I know of no
communication between any of these parties other
than as before stated, so far as I now recollect.
Whether those Communications involve any such
question it is not for me to decide; nosuch question
was made, in terms, that I know of." Mr. Mene-
fee answered, "Mr. Graves had no communication
of any kind with Mr. Cilley, his second, or atten-
dant friends, and of course did not communicate to
them that such a question was a point of difficulty.
Nor did the second of Mr. Graves, as far as I re-
member, make such a communication, except so far
as may be implied from the propositions made by
.him, in connection with the correspondence, &c.
One, at least, of the friends of Mr. Graves, in the
presence of his second, made frequent attempts to
direct the attention of the second and friends of
Mr. Cilley to the difficulty which was presented by
the terms of Mr. Graves's first note (giving his ver-
sion of what Mr. Cilley had said) and the ground
which Mr. Cilley had subsequently assumed. But
it was not referred to, in terms, as a question of
veracity. It was believed that Mr. Cilley had
honorable grounds, which would be satisfactory
to Mr. Graves, and at the same time compatible
with the truth, which would effect the object,
without making directly such a question whilst
efforts were pending to accommodate. Whether
the views, thus expressed, were communicated to
Mr. Cilley, I know not. For the character of what
occurred on this point, so far as I participated in
it, the committee are referred to my general state-
ment."
Mr. Graves said to Dr. Foltz, on the way to the
field, "That he had been the bearer of a note
from Colonel Webb to Mr. Cilley, inquiring if
Mr. Cilley had been correctly reported in the
Globe. Mr. Cilley refused to receive the note, and
declined giving his reasons, which implicated me, in
consequence of which I challenged him, but I have no
personal animosity towards him." Mr. Wise said
on the field, " Mr. Jones, these gentlemen have
come here without animosity towards each other;
they are fighting merely upon a point of honor."
" These men have nothing against each other; they
are merely settling a point of honor."
This concurrent testimony of all, without ex-
ception, taken in connection with the written cor-
respondence, the various propositions and answers
on the field, and the further fact that Mr. Cilley
had not been informed that Mr. Graves had under-
taken to repeat to others any verbal communica-
tion between them, or that any misapprehension or
misundestanding existed between them on that sub-
ject, utterly repels the suggestion, that any question
of veracity had arisen, or had been made, or was the
cause of the challenge, or of the death of Mr. Cil-
ley. Indeed, any misapprehension on that subject
would have given no more just ground of animo-
sity, and least of all of the highly vindictive feel-
ings necessarily aroused by a question of veracity,
than the very evident misapprehension which Mr.
Graves labored uader in regard to some parts of
the note of James Watson Webb, of which he was
the bearer.
The committee will not, in justice to Mr. Graves,
harbor the belief, that there were rankling secretly
in his bosom any vindictive or hostile feelings to-
wards Mr. Cilley, growing out of any question of
personal veracity, and r/ronrpting-him to carry on
a deadly warfare under another pretext not only
without a direct and explicit disclosure of the real
cause of difficulty, such as would have left no mis-
apprehension on the mind of any one, but under
circumstances which misled the other party and
his friends, and left him, under that false impres-
sion, to the forfeit of lus life.
The committee have, therefore, come to the con-
clusion, that the words spoken by Mr. Cilley in debate
in the House of Representatives, the refusal of Mr.
Cilley to receive a demand for explanation of those
words., and Ais refusal to assign any other reason for
it, than that he chose to be drawn into no difficulty upon
the subject, were the, causes which led to the death of
Mr. Cilley, under the circumstances which have
been substantially detailed.
* It remains to inquire whether there has been a
breach of the privileges of the House.
It is a breach of the highest constitution-
al privileges of the House, and of the most
sacred rights of the people in the person of their
representative, to demand, in a hostile manner,
an explanation of words spoken in debate; to
be the bearer of such a demand; to demand a rea-
son for refusing to receive it, beyond the mere vo-
luntary election of the member interrogated; or to
demand, under any circumstances, any reason at
all. No member can be questioned in a hostile
way, and put to his plea, and yield to it, without
subjecting himself to great disadvantages in the esti-
mation of many, and impairing his influence and
his usefulness as a member. It is a still more
aggravated breach of the privileges of the House,
and of the rights of the people in the person of their
representative, to challenge a member, and to slay
him in combat, for refusing to comply with any
such demand. It is the highest offence which can
be committed against either House of Congress;
against the freedom of speech and of debate therein;
against the spirit and the substance of that constitu-
tional provision, that for any speech or debate ia
either House, the members shall not be questioned
in any other place, and violates essentially the right
of perfect immunity elsewhere for words spoken in
debate here, which is essential to the independence
of Congress, and to the existence of constitutional
liberty. And whan this offence is committed by a
member, it calls for the exercise of the highest pow-
ers of the House to purge itself of the evil, to main-
tain effectually its rights and privileges, and to pre-
serve inviolate this immunity, which is guarantied
by the Constitution, not for the sake of the indivi-
dual, but for his constituents and for the country.
The present case is without any circumstance of
extenuation. A member of the House, in a man-
ner most strictly parliamentary, on an occasion
most appropriate, in language most decorous and
moderate, in defence of the honor of the House
against an anonymous and unfounded charge of
corruption, had alluded to the published records
of former proceedings with perfect truth and ac-
curacy; had, in obedience to his duty, declined
a hostile demand for explanation in a man-
ner in which the committee can discover no cause
of offence; had, respectfully, with expressions of
regret, declined to admit the right to interrogate
him further; had disclaimed all disrespect, di-
rectly or indirectly, towards his antagonist, and
avowed for him the highest respect and the kindest
feelings; and, after all this, avowed without hos-
tility, and against the strongest protestations of
others, he was required fatally, to expose himself
'° tne tnu'd discharge of a rifle. On the other hand,
Mr. Graves, a member of the House, voluntarily
and unnecessarily became the bearer of a demand
upon anoiher member in attendance, for explana-
tion of words spoken in debate; he presented it in the
House while the House was in session;he demand
ed a reason for the refusal, beyond the voluntary
election of that member to be drawn into no diffi-
culty upon the subject; which feeing withheld, he
