h his business hercT I hope, said Mr. T. that my
honorable friend from Tennessee, {Mr. White,] wiil
inforia us What constitutes a part of Mr. Jones's
business in this city at this time. It wil), I am fear-
ful, be found similar to that of Porkes, a Shawa-
noe, who left this a few days since. He [Porkes]
belongs to the Shawanoes west, and came here to
protest against the payment of a debt justly, as I
have reason to believe, due from his tribe to G. C.
Johnson of Ohio. The commissioner who nego-
tiated a treaty with the Shawanoes, and stipulated
with them for the purchase of their land in Ohio,
and for their removal west, it seem , told the
indians that the Government would pay all their
debts; but on an investigation of the claims against
them, the debts found due amounted to more than
the value of their lands. A representation of the
case was made to the Government, and Congress
in 1832, appropriated thirty thousand dollars as an
additional compensation foi their land. The debts
had been investigated m lull council, and acknow-
ledged to be just, and drafts drawn on the Execu-
tive for the bam due Mr. Johnson This paper was
signed by the chiefs and principal men of the tribe,
before they left Ohio, but temained unpaid, a d
another paper, asking the Executive to pay the
debt, it seems, was prepared and signed by the
chiefs and head men, and many common Indians
of the tribe, since they reached their new homes m
the West. This paper bears the certificate of the
Indian agent that it was read, explained, and fully
understood, by the Indians in council, and yet this
Mr. Porkes comes heie with a remonstrance, signed
by some four or five Indians, one of them a chief
who had signed the papers asking the payment of
the debt that Porkes now tells us is unjust. I men-
tion this case, sir, to show with what caution we.
s,hould receive petitions or remonsi ranees coming
from chiefs, or from persons interested in these
matters.
The remonstrance, we are told by the honorable
member, is signed by the delegation of Creeks and
Choctawsnow m this city. Will he tell us how many
of these men are chiefs, and by what authority thev
are heie making an effort to control the action of
this Government1* Have they been brought here
by an accredited agent of the Government to enter
their protest?
Their protest is against a leading measure of the
late and present Administration. We have, by
our treaties and laws, promised to secure to the
Indians a permanent home west of the Mississippi,
and to secure them their lands by patent. The lands
for these tribes have been set off by metes and
bounds, and patents are now being piepared at the
proper department, and will, m a short time, be
ready for delivery. And will the honorable mem-
ber persist m his intended motion to defeat tne pis-
sage of the measure presented by the Administra-
tion he supports, to protect and preserve the people,
and to protect our frontier States west of the Mis-
sissippi?
Indiana has but little interest m the matter. She
has but about three thousand within her limits.
Should they become hostile, and kill one ot my
neighbors, they will be swept from existence wiih-
out orders, from this city. But there is no feai of
hostility between us and our Indians, they know
us, and we understand them. Can the honorablp
Senator say as much for his own State? There is
still within the limits of Alabama, Georgia, and
Tennessee a large bod> of Indians, possessing not
the best feelings m the world, with these Indians
we have treaties m progress of execution. I would
ask, is there not danger of a rupture m that quai-
ter, by countenancing opposition to what we know
to be the policy of the Government and the wishes
of the people of all the States east of the Missis-
sippi? Should o le drop of blood be shed there, the
people of the States interested and assailed will
massacre their Indian neighbors The fastnesses
of their mountains cannot save them. There are
ko swamps or everglades similar to those in Florida,
for the Indians of Georgia, Tennessee, and Alabama
to fly to for shelter.
If we desire to be permanently beneficial to th«se
people, we milst elevate their habit of thinking or
of acting. The game is all disappearing, they can-
not live by huntings we «¡usi teach them division
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of property and labor. We must do more: we
should assist them m establishing a Government,
and creating offices for the better informed to as-
pire to We must elevate the character of the
poorer Indians; the readiest way to do this is to
divide the annuity paid these people agreeably to
the regulations adopted by the late Administration,
and practised only by the present, of dividing the
annuity to the heads of families, and net to the
chiefs.
The provisions of the act of 1634, organizing the
Indian Department, provides that the annuity shall
be paid to the chiefs, or to such persons as they
may select. It will be recollected, said Mr T. that
when this bill was before the Senate, I objected to
that provision What I then anticipated has been
fully sustained by the practical operation of that
law. It has a most ruinous effect upon the chiefs,
and others who influence them to permit them to
receive the money dae their tribe in large masses,
and divide it as they think proper. The poor In-
dians are too often defrauded out of most 01 all of
the money due from our Government. This mode
of procuring large sums of money has a most
corrupting influence on the chiefs and those who
may be in their interest. Officers in the employ of
our Government can easily influence the chiefs to
ask leave to visit the seat of Government to com-
plain of something that has been done or left un-
done. A publicofficer comes along, of course, and
figures in steamboats and stages, on the way here,
as the conductor of a delegation of Indians from
the far West. Here they are introduced to public
offices and officers, places of public amusement,
and in the galleries of the halls of Congress, all at
the public expense, not to serve the Government or
to benefit the Indians No question can ai ise be-
tween the United States and the Indians but can
be as well settled by the agent, if he is a capable
man, under the duection of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, as by bringing them here.
Again, sir, said Mr T. we have removed a large
number of Indians from the States east, and have
placed them on the western border of Missouri and
Arkansas We have promised to protect the peo-
ple of these States from harm, and I have no doubt
the best mode of saving the Indians, and protecting
our own people, is to give them a Government, and
bring them under the influence of laws
Of the twenty-eight tribes now in the Territory,
eleven have expressed a wish to come into the con-
federacy, and we have good reason to believe that
other tribes will sanction the measuie, and join the
confederacy Do those who remonstrate against
the passage of the bill that the Senator mentions,
know that no tribe is affected by the passage of the
bill? If they do not wish to join them, let them
remain on their own land, and attend to their own
business, in their own way, under the protection of
our Government Mr. T. said he regretted saying
so much on this motion to print, but he felt called
on to expose the conduct of every one concerned m
getting up this remonstrance He did not censure
the honorable member who introduced it, he was
actuated, no doubt, by good motives, but he al-
luded to those who bring Indians here to oppose
the measures of Government, and put words in
their mouths for that wicked purpose
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, rose to make a shoit
explanation in reply to the remarks made by the
Senator fiom Indiana. He certainly had no in-
tention of bringing up a debate now, and he had
said as little as was necessary to explain the objects
of the remonstrance. With regard to the bill, to
which the Senator attached so much importance, he,
Mr C. did not understand it as being for the pro-
tection of Missouri and Arkansas, he understood lt-
to be for the purpose of organizing the Indian Ter-
ritory, and that there was a separate and distinct
bill for the other object As far as his knowledge
extended, Mr C said, he did think that the honora-
ble gentleman bad done great injustice to the
Creeks, who had drawn up this remonstrance, and
that he was mistaken in supposing them to be any
part of the hostiles of that tribe m the late Creek
war who took the field against the State of Ala-
bama The gentleman did great injustice to the
character of Opothle Yoholo and other chiefs.
Mr. TIPTON said he spoke of the influence
335
which the chiefs exerted m the war of 1815, in in-
duping the Indians «o make war on the persons and
property of our people
The bill need not affect the petitioners, nor any
other portion of the tribes who did not desire it It
would not compel them them to enter into the Con-
federation, if they wished not to do so Eleven of
the tribes asked for a Territorial Government, hut
if any of the tribes wished to remain out, they wers
at liberty to do so. This remonstrance, therefore,
was entirely uncalled for, and unnecessary.
Mr. C continued He misunderstood the Sena-
tor in supposing that he alluded to the late Creek
war, when it was the war of 1813 to which he re-
ferred He, Mi C did not know what was the
conduct of Opothle Yoholo, Jim Boy and others, in
that war, he had reference to the late Creek wai,m
which he knew they w ere fighting on the side of
Alabama. Undei arrangements that he himself
made with them, they took the field with more than
1000 warnois, and he well knew the piompt man-
ner m which they complied with then engagements
With a deliberation ot only fifteen minutes, they
promptly answered that they were íeady to take the
field, and that all they wanted fiom the whites was
to stand on one side of the swamp, to shoot down
the hostiles, as they entered on the other side
and drove them out of it. Now he could
not foiget the conduct of these chiefs, who had
performed, in good faith, all that they promis-
ed. These men were not earned to the We¡>t in
irons, as alluded to by the Senator from Indiana,
and the Senator was, therefore, mistaken m that
particular They were hurried off under the in-
junctions of General Jesup, by which they had en-
countered serious losses, as they alleged, and though
many of them might have been hostiles in 1813, as
a large portion oí the nation were, there was no
evidence that such was the fact, and it was known
that much the l?rger portion oí the nation took part
with the United States.
These memorialists allude to the fact of a treaty
with the Choctaws, who, they allege, have always
been fuendly to the whites, in which the induce-
ment held out to them to remove westward wa^ that
they should be permitted to govern themselves, by
their own laws and usages, without any interfer-
ence whatever on the part of the whites These
two tribes came forward, and asked to be excepted
from the provisions of this bill. He did not know
that the bill included these tribes, but they did not
wish to seem to be included m it. Mr. C. would
ask if it was acting in good faith, and m accoid-
ance with the spirit of the treaties with the^e tribes,
and was it consistent with the good of the countiy,
to force them into this Confederacy, conlraiy to
their wishes. He would briefly state how he camt
to be charged with the prekentation of this memo-
rial. He received, m the first place, a message from
Opothle Yoholo, with whom he had become ac-
quainted at the late treaty, requesting a copy of the
bill, this was sent to him, and, after it had been
explained to him, and to the Choctaws, he sent
another message, asking forapeisonal interview.
A meeting took place in consequence, and, in an-
swer to his objections, he was informed that it was
not to him (Ml C ) he must addiess himself, but to
the Congress of the United States. It was m lhi«
way he supposed that the petition hau come into his
hands. With respect to the bill, if he found it
obnoxious to the objection stated, he should vote
against it, or vote to lay it on the table, as he did
not see the propriety of forming this confederacy
to be composed of tribes, some of which are not in-
telligent enough to enter into it, and others, the en-
lightened ones, being opposed to it altogether
Mr. WHITE replied at some length to the «tllu-
siens of the Senator from Indiana, and to the
remarks of the Senator from Alabama, [Mi Clay,]
but was not distinctly heard by the reporter He
was understood to maintain, that the bill to which
the memorialists had alluded would be the means
of securing to, and protecting in their just rights,
all the Indians that would be embraced m its pro-
visions. It would also materially tend to lessen
the expenses of the Government m relation to th.it
matter, and Anally dispense with them entirely
He sincerely trusted that ihe bill would not 1 l
prejudiced bj the lematks which had fallen from
