338                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
. r   ■     ■,<^.i ... ™         m    ■ «n   n   - „«     --,,          ...                                                                                „    L        ,   ,,              vt;,.   it--,   ,rr~>      ,    h«h>
cretly, and turn a mass of evidence into the House
like a thunder-bolt. They cannot do it. They
have no authority. They must report to the
House. If the rule ha? any application whatever
in this case, the committee had no authority what-
ever. They could only have reported the fact, (as
had been mentioned,) the single fact, that these
members of the House were implicated in the duel
they were required to investigate.
But the gentlemen who had pressed the objection
with the greatest power, abandoned it the next mo-
ment, and now say the committee had full power to
go into the evidence, and throw it into the House in
the usual form of proceeding of such a committee,
under the authority of the House. He would say
the rule had no application in this case, because
the House had, at the very commencement, refer-
red, in express terms , the whole matter to the com-
" mittee, and ordered them to go into the whole inqui-
ry, and report upon it to the House. Thereiore,
the erderhad been strictly complied with—the com-
mittee had performed their duty fully and strictly.
He- would maintain their grounds; and he thought
ho gentleman could withhold his assent to all, or
deny any one of them to be true.
First. He would say the House had referred, in
express terms, the whole matter to the committee,
and had authorized and required them to investigate
the evidence and the question ef privilege, and to
do all they had done.
Second. That the committee had acted in perfect
conformity to every precedent set in either branch
of Congress, from the commencement down to this
time.
Lastly, the committee had done no more than
submit propositions to the House,for its final ac-
tion; after submitting the whole evidence and ar-
guments, to be considered by the House as the
House might deem fit.
A mass of memorials had been presented to the
House, praying an investigation into this matter,
and charging these individuals, members of the
House, and praying that they might be expelled
from this body; not only mentioning and describing
the members, but mentioning them by name.
Those memorials were referred, and the committee
was ordered to inquire into the subject matter of
the memorials, and report upon the prayer con-
tained in them ; and they were authorized to send
for persons and papers, and to inquire into the ques-
tion of privilege. The original resolution had given
them that authority for the express purpose of
inquiry into the question of privilege; and if mem-
bers were to be named, and were named in the
very documents referred to the committee, he
would ask the gentleman, who was still the great
champion of the right of petition, whether, if such
documents referred to a particular act, and named
the parties, if authority would not be granted to
inquire into all the facts relating to the prayer of
the memorials, and report whether that prayer
should be granted or not? No man who was
versed in parliamentary usage, he thought, could
entertaia a shadow of doubt that the committee
would be authorizad to inquire and report whether
the prayer should be granted or refused, and also
to inquire into the question of privilege. Notwith-
standing some threats which had been thrown out
that the committee would find it necessary to be
armed, they had done their duty fully and faith-
fully, and trusted they would be sustained.
Mr. WISE begged  to ask the chairman, as he
had alluded to threats, whether he [Mr. W.] had
at any time made any  intimation  or offer of vio-
lence to the comminee at any time, and he would-
beg him to state in direct terms.
Mr. TOUCEY said he would answer.
The SPEAKER said he would say, in advance,
that it was not in order to go into any occurrence
out of the House.
Mr. TOUCEY said he trusted no gentleman
would object to his giving an answer.
Mr. WISE said he should not have asked the
question, but the chairman had been allowed to
make the general remark, and he hoped, that in
justice to him [Mr. W.] he would be permitted to
answer.
Mr. TOUCEY said he would not refuse to an-
swer.    He did not refer, however, to any thing
which had occurred out of the House, but to a re-
mark in a public debate, which he had not heard
with pleasure, but which did not leave it at his
option to decline serving on the committee. In
justice to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,]
he would say that his conduct to the committee was
decorous and proper, and courteous in the highest
degree; and, to his knowledge, no member of the
committee had the slightest objection to that gen-
tleman's deportment.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON made an explanation of
a former remark made by him, which was alluded
to by Mr. TOUCEY.
Mr. GRAVES said the reply of the chairman to
the inquiry of the gentleman from Virginia had
been confined to him alone, leaving the inference
that some threat might have been used by him [Mr.
G.] or some other person. He would beg the chair-
man to state whether he was implicated in the in-
timation.
Mr. TOUCEY had not made the reply broader,
beeause the question was not broader. If any im-
plication arises from his remark, he would give to
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Graves] the
same answer as he had given to the' gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Wise.]
Mr. T. then said that the House, knowing the
transaction to be investigated, and knowing that
members, and members only, were implicated;
having made it the subject of debate in the House;
and having clothed the committee with full powers
to prosecute an inquiry, the committee had done
their duty. Now if the House should turn round,
and tell the committee they had exceeded their du-
ly, after having charged them with so delicate and
responsible a duty, he should acquiesce, but he
would protest that it would be done in defiance of
every principle of justice and Parliamentary prac-
tice. He concluded by referring to, and comment-
ing upon, several cases of breach of privilege in
Congress, to show that they sustained the course of
proceeding in this case.
Mr. T. had adduced these cases to show that the
present committee had been guided throughout by
precedents, many of which, however, went much
farther than they did, for every opportunity had
been afforded to the parties implicated to examine
and cross-examine witnesses, to call others, etc.
Mr. WISE said neither himself, Mr. Graves,
nor Mr. Jones, had ever, he believed, received
any notice that the committee was to pass a judg-
ment, and recommend a sentence upon them.
Mr. TOUCEY replied that it was a total mis- .
conception to say that the committee had tried any
body, or adjudicated. They had neither done so,
nor intended to do so. They had merely reported a
resolution, a resolution that every member of the
House could have moved. The present question,
however, was whether this testimony should be
suppressed, or not. The motion to print, and
postpone, was by the unanimous direction of the
committee.
Mr. ELMORE had assented to the postponement
in the committee; but the objections he had heard
to that proposition in the House had struck him
with much force, and he should prefer the motion
referred to by Mr. Adams, [to recommit, and strike
out the report, and the facts ]
Mr. GRENNEL had readily concurred in the
motion to postpone in the committee, which was
made, not by himself, but in consequence of a
suggestion he made, and he should support that
motion now if it was put, as well as the motion to
print. But, in doing, so, his course was not to
b« considered as a departure from the ground oc-
cupied by Mr. Rariden and himself in opposition
to the report of the majority.
Some short conversation then took place as to
the omission of a vote upon the journal of the com-
mittee, between Messrs. RARIDEN, TOUCEY,
and WISE, which appeared to be a clerical omis-
sion, and Mr. TOUCEY stated ihat hs would cor-
rect it.
Mr. ADAMS expressed a desire that the report
of the majority should be signed.
Mr. GRANTLAND said, for one, he would
take great pleasure in signing it.
Mr. ROBERTSON again contended that the
mode of procedure by the committee had been irregu-
lar, and cited the British practice in support of his
positton. The committee, he insisted, should have
stopped the moment it was disclosed, that a mem-
ber of the House was implicated, for they eonld
not proceed in any investigation which should af-
fect a member's privileges. He denied that the re-
ference of the memorials, naming the members im-
plicated, authorized the committee to proceed as
they had done. After proceeding for some time,
Mr. R. gave way to
Mr. MENEPEE, on whose motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, April 27, 1838.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was'referred a "resolution of the
Legislature of Alabama, recommending the annex-
ation of West Florida to that State, asked to be
discharged from further consideration of the
subject: agreed to.
Mr. G. from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of James Cox, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
subject: agreed to.
Mr. G. from the same committee, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of a reso-
lution of inquiry as to the expediency of a new ju-
dicial district in Louisiana: agreed to.
On motion of Mr. TROTTER, the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads were instructed
to inquire into the expediency of a new post route
from Manchester, through various towns, to Greens-
borough, in Mississippi.
On motion of Mr. ROBINSON, the same com-
mittee were instructed to inquire into the expa-
diency of a new post route from Williams's Ferry,
in Illinois, to a certain town in Indiana.
The bill to establish a Board of Commissioners
to hear and examine claims against the United
States, was read (he third time, and passed.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill for the relief of Elisha Eldridge;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
ÍMr. LYON presented a petition for the establish-
ment of a post route from Jacksonburg, in the coun-
ty of Jackson, by way of South Jackson and Mont-
gomery, to Gambleville, in the county of Hillsdale,
in the State of Michigan: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the bill to provide
for the security and protection of the emigrant and
other Indians west of the States of Missouri and
Arkansas was taken up.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, expressed a desire to
have the consideration of the bill postponed for a
short time, that he might have an opportunity of
giving it a sufficient examination.
Mr. WHITE made some observations depreca-
ting the farther postponement, and advocating the
expediency and necessity of the measure.
Mr. NORVELL objected to that part of the bill
(the 8th section) which provides for allowing the
confederated tribes to elect a delegate to represent
them at the seat of Government during the sessions
of Congress; and he objected particularly to the
reasons assigned in the preamble to that section for
allowing them to elect a delegate, as the same ar-
gument might be used hereafter in favor of anegio
delegate. He never wished to see the day in this
country imvhich an Indian or a negro would have
a seat on the floor of either House of Congress. He
cheerfully agreed with the friends of the bill, tha
it was incumbent on us to do all that was in ou
power to, ameliorate the condition of this unfortu-
nate people; and he thought the bill well calculated
to effect the objects for which it was intended. But
he did not think the 8th section necessary; and as it
introduced a new and dangerous principle, he
would move to strike it out.
Mr. LINN said the gentleman from Michigan
was mistaken in supposing that it was intended that
the Indian delegate should have a seat on the
floor of the House of Representatives. The
delegate was to reside at the seat of Government
during the sessions of Congress, to attend to the.
affairs of his people generally, and to give such
information to Congress as would enable it to
be better acquainted with their condition, and to
