340
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nant of those once powerful nations which con-
cluded the treaty of amity, peace, and friendship,
at Philadelphia, under the celebrated elm tree, with
the illustrious Penn, has at last found a resting
place beyond the Mississippi, ia the contemplated
Terntory. Then, sir, is it not possible, that if the
Indian isour enemy, it is not a natural enmity, but
a feeling produced by our own acts, l.ke that which
prompted the noble Logan. He was not our ene-
m>; he was the friend of the white man. But Lo-
gan was human. If you expect the friendship of
man, you must reciprocate his kind deeds in good
faith. Friendship is a social attribute: cherished
and reciprocated, it lives and flourishes; abused and
neglected, it languishes and dies, or becomes the
exciting cause of temporary hatred or deep-rooted
malice. - The lessons taught the world by the great
and good Penn and his associate-!, in their inter-
course with the Indians, should never be forgotten.
Without carnal weapons, he met, he subdued, he
conquered. By acts of personal kindness, he
proved the truth of his doctrines, and the savage
bowed in humble adoration. And such was the
great influence that he acquired over them, that,
to this day, himself and the society of which he
was a member, are held in almost sacred reverence
by their descendants. What, than, Mr. President,
is the language we should hold on this subject?
Should it be the proclamation oí the Senator from
Ohio—enmity, enmity, natural enmity, between
ourselves and the Indians'? Or should it not raiher
be peace, friendship, good will, protection, encou-
ragement, and safety, to the remnant of this un-
fortunate people?
The Senator seems to apprehend great danger to
the States bordering on the Indian Territory, if the
bill becomes a law. Mr. S. thought it was an un-
necessary alarm. The whole number of Indians
east of the Rocky Mountains is only about
330,000, including men, women, and children;
and the number proposed to be organized in the
Territory could not exceed 130,000, a mere hand-
full compared to the white population m the im-
mediate adjoining States. Can it be supposed for
a moment, that these Indians, after having ex-
changed their lands at our request, and removed
to thi<: country; and after having received patents
for their lands, and a Government from our wis-
dom, with a full knowledge of our power, would
be willing to throw away all these benefits, to sur-
render all these adiantages, and rush madly on
to their own destruction—for such nnst be (lie
inevitable consequence, should they go to war
with this powerful nation. They would be much
more likely to hail you as friends, as saviors of
the little remnants of their once powerful nation?.
They have had wars until their hearts Lave be-
come sick; till their most powerful nations have
dwindled down to little tribes; till their greatest
kmgs are reduced to chiefs of miserable bands.
They do not war, they want pea"<", th. y nerd re-
pose. It is a question with them, net of victory
or defeat, but of life and death, of pi enervation or
ile'trucion, and weil do they know it. Senators
need not feel alarmed at imaginary dingers:
there is no danger to be apprehended from that
source. There is much more danger of hostili-
ties from and amongst the separate bands than
there could possibly be from this confederation
when they were organized, and were brought into
a close alliance with the Government, receiving
the counsel and advice of the superintendent, and
of their delegate here. The bill is ample in its
details, and he had no doubt but that it would
produce results if carried into effect, satisfactory
to those who desire to see the remnant of this once
powerful people not only preserved, but advanc-
ing in civilization, while it must prove highly sa-
tisfactory to those who wish to see this Govern-
ment pursue a course of policy towards this un-
fortunate people, becoming an enlightened, high
minded, honorable and philanthropic nation.
Mr. S. said he had some ten years ago, while a
member of the other branch of Congress, served
on the Committee on Indian Affairs, with his friend
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Lumpkin,] and he
would congratulate that Senator on the strong pro-
bability thai the policy Which that committee at
ihal lime   advocated,   would ultimately prevail.
The question then presented itself to the committee
as one of preservation or destruction cf the whole
race. It was believed then that the Indians could
not exist in the midst of, and surrounded by the
whites. It was believed then that it was due to
the States, and in accordance with the highest
considerations of humanity, that the Indians should
be removed west of the Mississippi, beyond the
the limits of the States and Territories, where they
could rest in safety, on lands secured to them-
selves and their posterity for ever. The last four
Administrations recommended this policy; how-
ever much they differed as to other measures, in
this they all concurred. The Indians consented
to it; they examined the country, and pronounced
it good, and they have removed to it. The ques-
tion now is, shall we carry out in good faith our
policy; shall we give them that aid and protec-
tion in their new homes, which we promised them;
shall we encircle them with our paternal arms; or shall
we withdraw our countenance, seek pretexts to in-
volve them in difficulties, that we may hasten their
extinction? Shall we still press upon them, until
we drive them beyond the Rocky Mountains,
until we hear the sound of the last groan of the
Indian die on the Pacific? Let justice, let humanity,
let our national honor answer these questions.
The clause of the bill that requires patents to
issue to the lands set apart for the different tribes,
is one of great importance: they should be assured
that their title will be indefeasible. There can be
little doubt but that it has been greatly owing to the
uncertainty of the tenure by which the semi-civilized
Indian held his land, that his permanent improve-
ments have been greatly retarded. Few men will
sow when they are doubtful who may reap; but, by
giving them a title upon which they can rely, they
will be stimulated to cultivate and improve their
lands with a prospect of making them their perma-
nent homes.
Senators have doubted the power of this Govern-
ment to extend the principles of the bill over the In-
dians. Mr. S. could not perceive the objection, as
the bill stands. If any could have existed, it was
entirely removed by the consideration that it was
not proposed to include any tribe in the confedera-
tion that did not voluntarily become a party to it.
Consequently, there could be no objection to ii, as
it wasa voluntary compact of all parlies ooncerned.
The clause of the bill giving power to the con-
federation to elect an Indian delegate, to reside at
Washington during the session of Congress, had
been objected to, but he had not felt the force of
the objection. He thought it a very valuable pro-
vision. It woald tend greatly to elevate the In-
dian character, and to inspire confidence in the
good intent o ;s of our Government; and at the
same time a delegate from their own people, in
xihom they had confidence, located at the seat of
Governintnt dui mg the M'.ssions,wnuld add much to
the fa' ¡lilies of transacting the necessary business
of the Territory.
M.\ S. did not propose to pursue the examina-
tion of the various provisions of the bill. He
thought that bad bee.' sufficiently done by others.
He did not rise to make a speech, but merely to
answer, on ihe spur of the occasion, doctrines that
he thought unsound, and calculated to produce at
th s time a deleter ous effect on the policy of the
Government, and our re'ations with the Indians.
Mr. S. said he felt disposed to notice one other po-
sition of the S. nator before he took his seat. The
Senator seems to deprecate the passage of this bill,
lest the lands occupied by the Indians, under its
provisions, should at some period of time be want-
ed by the whites for their own use.
This view of the case is well calculated to arouse
all the feelings of sympathy, humanity, and phi-
lanthropy of our nature. What, sir' is it possible
that there are those at this day who would with-
hold even this little spot of earth from those who
were once the undisputed owners of the soil of this
whole nation 1 On this little spot of land situated
beyond the Mississippi, beyond all the States and
Territories, approximating to the Rocky moun-
tains, even there the Indian is to be viewed as an
intruder; he is to be driven still further west.
Where does the Senator propose to,locate,him?
Where is he te find a home, a resting place ?"Th'is
side of the rocky mountains'?   No: he wilt MHtf
our way ; he will be too near to the whites r%i?'
may want the lands, says the Senator.   The west'
side of those mountains'?   No, hot there í wMrl
settlements have been commenced on the ColumtiS'*
river,  and the whites want the  lands.   Where;'
then ? where, Mr. President, but beneath the SaHc'
waves of the Pacific, shall the Indian find a restf&
place ?   Humanity shudders at the thought, dtfJtff.
the  sympathies of our nature, as well as oorrai"
ional character, forbid the idea.  We cannot recall ■'
jhe past; but let us atone as far as possible for otjr
past policy, by carrying out in good faith the pro-
visions of this bill.   Prove to the Indian that we
are his friend,  and not his enemy,  and he will
rec:procate our kindness, and bless our exertions
to save Mm from impending destruction.
After some remarks ftom Messrs. SWIFT,
DAVIS, LINN, and NILES, the question was
taken on Mr. Norvell's amendment, and it was
rejected—yeas 16, nays 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bocha--
nan, Calhoun, Clay of  Alaba, Hubbard, King,
Morris, Niles, Nor veil, Pierce, Smith of Connect!-•
cut, Trotter, Wright, and Young—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Fulton, Linn, Lump-
kin, Lyon, Mouton, Nicholas, Prentiss, Preston,
Rives, Roane, Robinson, Ruggles, Sevier, SniitH;
of Indiana. Spence, Swift, Tipton, White, and
Williams—24.
Mr. HUBBARD moved to amend the bill by
striking out the preamble in the eighth section;
which motion was negatived without a division.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the bill was
amended by giving the new Territory the name'
of " Neosho," [the Osage name for Grand river-]
Mr. CRITTENDEN meved to amend the bill
by striking out the provision allowing to the mem-
bers of the Indian council their necessary subsis-
tence, and giving them two dollars per day in Ileti
thereof, and made a few observations in support of
this amendment; but withdrew the proposition after
some remarks from Messrs. NILES and WHITE
in opposition to it.
Mr. KING expressed himself as anxious to do
any thing within the power ef Congress to amelio-
rate the condition of the Indian race, and tó civi-
lize and elevate them; and he was prepared to look
at this measure without reference to the future
consequences adverted to by the Senator from
Ohio. But while he looked at the condition of
these tribes sent across the Mississippi, and be-
lieved that good policy, humanity, and the best in-
terests of the Indian?, demanded some measure
like the present, he was for looking, at the same
time, at the condition of the frontier States on
whose borders they were thrown, and for providing,
in the most effectual manner, for their protection.
He believed that the bill itself would have some
effect in that way, but he wished to provide against
an increase of the evils it was sought to remedy.
It had been supposed that the coumry laid off for
this Territory [here Mr. K. described its bounds]
was sufficiently large for their subsistence; but
would they not, he asked, be acting as prudent
men by putting out of the Government to throw
any more tribes within these circumscribed limits,
where they would not be able to live by agricultu-
ral pursuits, and must, therefore, press on the
whites, or starve? He was disposed to stop where
we were; he was not disposed to push the Indians
on to the Rocky mountains, or crowd them in these
circumscribed limits to starve. It was not his"de-
sign to detain the Senate. They would see his Ob-
ject in the amendment he was about to offer. ' ■'-
Mr. K. then offered an amendment, in substance
as follows: That all that portion of country he-
longing to the United States, to which the Indto
title had not been extinguished, which lies east of
the Rocky mountains, north of the Missouri river,
and west of the Mississippi river, shalj constitute
an Indian Territory; and the faith of the Unrfe$
States is hereby pledged, that such part, of such li-
dian Territory as has been, and shall be, granted
to Indian tribes, shall be secured to them and tó
their descendant's.   ,'   ' .                       -.,/ -
, This amendment leaves out, Mr. K. saw}. 0
that' portion of infliati Country to Wbicirtfie ttdish
