CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-                                            343
House as evidence.     He should abide his trial by
his constitutional and legal peers.
The question was then taken, first on postponing,
and decided in the negative—yeas 85, nays 109.
So the first branch of the proposition was re-
jected.
Mr. ADAMS asked if his motion would then be
in order.
The CHAIR entertained the motion, and Mr.
ADAMS submitted it as indicated above.
Mr. TOUCEY raised the point of order, that, as
the House had ordered the yeas and nays on the
whole proposition, one branch of it having been
voted on, the other must be taken immediately.
The CHAIR ruled it to be in order, both under
the rule on dividing propositions, and on the ground
that the motion t® commit was a privileged mo-
tion.
Mr. GLASSCOCK called for a division of this
question, dividing the motion to recommit the re-
port from that to recommit the motion to print.
Mr. REED called for the yeas and nays on the
first branch, which were ordered.
Mr. ELMORE wished to be distinctly under-
stood. He had wished so to discharge his duty as
to feel conscious that he had done justice to others,
and to his own character. If the report should be
sent back, under the resolution of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, he should be at a
loss to know what the House wished. He
could not tell what was meant by the instruction
to strike out the argumentative part. Was it to
take the report of the majority, and strike out the
argumentative partef that? The question of privi-
lege was left untouched. He considered the com-
mittee ordered to inquire into the question of privi-
lege. He had done it; and unless relieved distinct-
ly, by a vote of the House, he should feel compel-
led to go into that question again, wi'h very little
difference of opinion from what he had enter-
tained heretofore. He should rejoice to be re-
lieved from so painful a duty; but any duty imposed
by the House, he would not shrink from.
Mr. PICKENS said it must be very plain that if
the resolutions of the 28th of February remained
unaltered, it would place the committee and his
friend and colleague in a very delicate and embar-
rassing position; and with that view he submitted
the following amendment to Mr. Adams's instruc-
tions:
"And report on the facts without any resolution
as to punishment, or any reasoning going to show
what ought to be the description or extent of it."
Mr. ELMORE remarked that so long as the ori-
ginal resolutions existed on the journal directing
the committee to report whether a breach of privi-
lege had been committed, the committee, however
glad they might be to be relieved of that duty, could
not report the evidence alone, unless again special-
ly instructed, or relieved of the duty originally im-
posed upon them.
Mr. BELL made some remalles for the purpose
of showing that the recommitment, was a revival
of the select committee, and it was competent to
recommit in any manner under any instruction.
He considered that there was no report, it not
having been made in conformity with the orders
of the House. The committee, therefore, were
still in existence, and he hoped they would be in-
structed merely to report the fac's and evidence,
and let the House afterwards set upon that evi-
dence, or give farther instructions, as might be
necessary.
Mr. MERCER was in favor of recommitment.
Mr. POPE remarked, in favor of recommitment,
that it was an every day's occurrence in courts of
law.                                                .           .        ,
Mr. RARIDEN read some instructions he
would suggest as a substitute, viz: for the commit-
tee to report their journal and the evidence taken
without comments, and that the committee be re-
lieved from deducing any argument therefrom that
a breach of privilege has been committed.
Mr. TOUCEY called for the reading of the jour-
nal of the select committee ol the 11th of April, bv
which it was shown that the resolution declaring
Messrs. Graves, Wise and Jones had been guilty
of a breach of privilege, was adopted unanimously
in the committee.
Mr. T. then went on to express his desire, that
if the report should be committed to any committee
of which he was a member, that they would do it
with a distinct expression of what they expected.
If the House would undo what they hail done, and
would rescind the order originally appointing the
committee, and take from them, under the rules
of the House and parliamentary law, the petitions
submitted to them, so as to relieve them from the
most painful part of their duty, every member of
the committee would rejoice. But having imposed
a responsibility under which the committee had
performed their duty, he could not approve of
rescinding the order indirectly, which had been
imposed directly.
Mr. PICKENS modified his amendment as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That so much of the original resolution
instructing this committee, as required them to in-
quire and report whether a breach of privilege, &c.
had been committed, be, and is hereby, rescinded.
Mr. ADAMS accepted the amendment as a mo-
dification.
Mr. JENIFER offered some reasons in favor of
a recommitment, with a view to have the evidence
presented to the House, with the opinion of the
committee, in pursuance of the original order—
whether, in their opinions, a breach of privilege
has been committed. He thought the committee
would be bound by any instructions which might
be given them now, because it would amount to a
new institution of the committee. Mr. J. also
made some inquiries and remarks in relation to
the manner in which the report had been publish-
ed, surreptitiously, as he contended, and some
conversation took place between Mr. J. and Mr.
Grantland thereon,
Mr. ELMORE made some explanations on the
same subject.
Mr. MARTIN, it being late, moved an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. BOON asked for the yeas and nays, but
they were not ordered; and the House refused to
adjourn.
Mr. SERGEANT suggested to Mr. Adams fo
to modify his motion as to report only on that part
of the testimony relating to persons other than mem-
bers; and where any member is affected, to report
only the evidence. There was much of the report
of the majority of which he highly approved, and
he returned his thanks to the learned chairman for
making it.
Mr. GRAHAM of North Carolina moved an
adjournment; lost—84 to 88.
Mr. BOON made some remarks in reference to
his having called for the reading of the report.
Mr. GLASCOCK spoke at a late hour, and at
considerable length, upon the course taken bj the
committee, and with a view to give the reasons
which governed his votes upon the preliminary
questions.
Mr. G. withdrew the call for a division of the
question, and Mr. PETRIKIN renewed it.
After some remarks from Mr. FAIRFIELD,
Mr. ADAMS again modified his resolution, so as
to strike out the phrase "that the original rasol ution
be rescinded," and to insert that "the commit ee be
discharged from its further consideration."
Mr. FAIRFIELD said he had moved an ad-
journment with the intention of addressing the
House upon this subject to-morrow, but the ad-
journment was refused, and he would study to be
content. Considering, however, the attitude in
which he stood, in reference to this question, he
could not permit the vote to be taken, late as it was,
and fatigued as the members were, without saying
a word or two.
By the resolution of the 28th of February, a se-
lect committee was instructed to investigate a cer-
tain transaction, and to inquire whether any breach
of the privileges of this House had been committed It
passed by a vote of almost unexampled unanimity.
This branch of the resolution, however, is now pro-
posed, by the motion, as modilied, of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, (Mr. Adams,) to be rescinded.
We are now, said Mr. F. cüled upon to tread
back—to acknowledge ourselves in an etror—to
abandon an important part of the original inquiry,
and to start upon a new track.  Wherefore? What
were the reasons for such a course?   What new
light had broke in upon the minds of gentlemen?
For one, said Mr. F. I have been anxiously listen-
ing to hear some new and convincing reasons to
justify the turning this short corner, to palliate this
seeming inconsistency, but I have listened in vain.
Perhaps there is something in this matter more than
meets  the eye or ear.   The resolution of inquiry
was adopted by a vote of 152 to 49, or thereabouts,
and now, many of those who composed this large
majority seem as anxious to rescind the resolution
as they were on the 28th of February to adopt it.
Has a voice come from the public, since that time,
condemnatory of our course, and are gentlemen en-
deavoring to make amends for running counter to
the wishes and interests of the people?   On the con-
trary, I had thought, said Mr. F. that the evidence
upon that point was directly the other way.   Some
fifteen or twenty thousand of the people have sent
in their memorials approving our course, and bid-
ding us God-speed.    Indeed, most of ¡hem demand-
ing the strictest investigation at our hands.    But
all this, and  the indications of pjblic opinion as
manifested through the public prints, seem now to
amount to  nothtng in the minds of some gentle-
men: reasons far superior and paramount to these
and all former considerations exist for abandoning
a course so unitedly and honorably commenced.
But what are they?    Will some gentleman be good
enough to inform us?   As yet we are m the dark.
It has been insinuated by the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Jenifer] that the movement is a
political  one.   Sir, said Mr. F.  was the vote of
152 to 40 a political vote?   There can be no pre-
tence  for saying that.    If, then, the question has
become political, let me inquire how, and by whose
agency?   If it was not political to vote for a resolu-
tion, it surely cannot be regarded as political to ad-
here to it.    One side of this House are now where
they were on the 28th of February, entertaining the
same sentiments of ihe subject of inquiry, and ad-
hering still to the then highly-favored resolution. If
any party has abandoned it, or any portion of it,
and are now more desirous to baffle than to prose-
cute the inquiry, they best know why:  so far all is
left to conjecture.   The reasons offered for recom-
mitting the report, do not go to justify the rescind-
ment of this branch of the resolution.   The com-
mittee, on  a re-examination, cw as well inquire
whether there has been a breach of privileges com-
mitted, as if their report and resolutions had excited
no  dissatisfaction whatever.    The recommitment
of part, and the rescindment of another part, have
no necessary connection.    Why, then, should the
latter be proposed?    If this matter is 10 be got lid
of, perhaps it is thought that a side blow will best
effect that object.    It is to be hoped, however, that
neither the motion to recommit or rescind will pre-
vail, but that the case will proceed, and the House
be brought to a direct vote on the resolutions re-
ported by the committee.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to strike out the words,
" and the motion to print," in Mr. Adams's reso-
lution.
Mr. MENEFEE again insisted that the report
was not the report of the majority.
Mr. TOUCEY insisted that it was, and more,
the result to which the committee had come, had
been agreed to in committee unanimously, so far as
that a breach of privilege had been committed.
Moreover, Mr. Patton, the now absent member
had concurred in it.
Mr. GRANT moved an adjournment: lost 75
to 88.
Mr. TOUCEY resumed, and stated thai if the
motion of Mr. Adams prevailed, the reports nei-
ther of the majority nor of the minority, nor even
the evidence, could be printed. The whole would
be suppressed, and those who voted for lint motio'i
would virtually vole to suppress the whole testi-
mony.
Mr. DUNCAN moved to strike out the words
"papers purponing to be thí," whenever they
occur.
Mr. MENEFEE again insisted that, inasmuch
as Mr. Potter had not assented to the majorin*
report, while the committee was in session, t''be-
fore that it was not the report of the majori.y.
