346                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■  '                                                           ______■                                                                                                   ■                                                                                                                                            —                                                                                               *—■  ■*     Mm
pursued by this Government towards the Indians.
Look at your volume of Indian treaties. What do
you there see? One recorded farce after another,
couched in language of high official and formal
mockery. I rejoice, sir, that I have never had any
agency in making an Indian treaty. And while I
am here urging the execution of an Indian treaty
at this session of Congress, I only do so because
this Government will not comply with its obliga-
tions, due to the State which I represent, through
any other channel.
My settled opinion, for the last twelve years, has
been, that we should never make another treaty
with a poor, subjugated Indian tribe.
My plan is, and has been, for the States and
and Federal Government to legislate direct for their
Indians, in the same manner that we legislate for
orphans, minors, and other persons who are incom-
petent to take charge of their own rights. And as
far as I have been concerned, I have acted upon
this principle in my own State, and have more than
once urged it upon the consideration of this Go-
vernment to pursue the same course. But, sir, in
my legislation for these unfortunate sons of the
forest, my liberality, my care for their true benefit,
my magnanimity shall be surpassed by no Senator
on this floor. If, in any of these instruments sailed
treaties, injustice may appear to have been done to
any, let us speedily repair the wrong. I would wil-
lingly restore them fourfold for all the wrongs
■which may have been done them.
Although the policy of this Government towards
the Indians, is in many respects marked by too
much disregard to the true interest of the native
race; yet a critical examination into the history
and settlement, as well as the policy, of all the
American colonies, may in many cases plead some
justification In the first instance, a plea may be
founded on the weakness of the colonists, and the
strength of the natives, which put in operation
that first law of nature, self preservation. This
weakness on the part of the first European settlers,
introduced this treaty making policy. This con-
ciliating plan, in the absence of pojver, was resorted
to by all the colonies.
Nor do I condemn or regret the success of our
race on this continent; bo, sir, I have none of that
spirit of fanaticism, or sickly sympathy for these
interesting people, which induces me to regret that
they have been supplanted by a superior race—by
husbandmen, for whom the God of Nature designed
the more appropriate use of the earth. I cannot
desire that this flourishing land of light and liberty,
with all its various and beautiful improvements,
should be retroceded to the hand of uncivilized man,
and again become a wild wilderness, a dense fo-
rest, for the wild man to roam and hunt in from
place to place.
Thus, sir, while I see much to regret and con-
demn in the past policy of Europeans toward the
native race; I feel it my duty to say, that it re-
quires examination, reflection, and much conside-
ration, in order to form a correct opinion of the
past.
Up to the present period of our history, as a
people, I think it must be admitted, our intercourse
regulations over the Indians have been most pre-
judicial to their best interest. If they had been
left to a state of nature, they would probably have
been in a much bettor condition, as a whole, than
they are at this time.
It does appear to me, that the policy of this Go-
vernment has rather tended to encourage than
restrain the barbarous habits of these people. At
any rate, we have progressed in a policy that, to
my mind, has become insupportable, until the
emigrating and colonizing pla  was taken up by
the Government, no general effort had been made
to benefit the Indians of our country, and the disa-
bilities under which they now labor are of a most
perplexing character, under which they are pe-
rishing, and cannot long survive. Unless we
speedily change our policy, the day is not far dis-
tant when there-will not be. a solitary one left to
tell the sad story of his progenitors. But should
success speedily crown the plan for which I have
so long labored and toiled, in the face of a most
powerful and talented opposition, my hopes will
then be revived for the salvation of a remnant of
this peculiar race of people. A people for whose
real and permanent welfare I feel all the solicitude
of which I am capable of feeling for any portion of
the humanfamily.
Most of those who from religious motives made
efforts to better the condition of the Indians, have
become fully convinced that without colonization
and civil government, without laws, most of these
people would perish. These conclusions have
been confirmed by two hundred years' experience
in the Eastern States. The hopeful beginnings of
Elliot, Brainard, and others, soon disappeared.
Their converts, I hope, got to a better world; but
what was the condition of their Indian congrega-
tions very soon after their decease? Why, most
wretched, depraved, and perishing. Missionaries
have continued to labor for the New England and
New York Indians ever since; but, notwithstanding
all these efforts, those tribes have been constantly
sinking deeper and deeper in degeneracy and
wretchedness, and perishing away into insignifi-
cance and nothing. I entertain no doubt but the
efforts of these good men have benefited a few indi-
viduals; but, take them as a whole people, and
their condition has been constantly becoming more
and more deplorable. The better prospects and
condition of the Southern tribes, and particularly
the Cherokee , cannot be justly attributed to mis-
sionary labors or operations. No, sir: the glory
belongs to Him who overruled evil and brought
good out of it.
During the Revolutionary war, and at its close,
there were Tories who fled from their country, to
escape the punishment due to their crimes, and
joined the Indians, and fought by their sides, amal-
gamat«d with them, and took up their permanent
residence amongst them. Some of these men had
property, intelligence, and education, and soon
acquired great influence amongst the Indians, and,
in most cases, were careful to educate the children
which they had by Indian mothers. These
men and their descendants taught the Southern
Indians the arts of husbandry, industry, and im-
parled to them their first ideas of a system of law,
which should secure individual property. Thus
they acquired a knowledge of the first principles of
human prosperity; and civil order and law being
thus introduced, they went on improving. The
circumstance, too, of their having for a long time a
large territory, unintruded upon by the whites, was
favorable to their imbibing lofty feelings of charac-
ter and independence, which is indispensable to the
political advancement of any people. These im-
provements, thus made in the condition of the
Southern Indians, greatly facilitated the operations
of the missionaries who settled in the Indian coun-
try at a subsequent period. These missionaries
were not placed among a people who were all
savages, but always took up their abodes in neigh-
borhoods far advanced in civilization.
Many of the Indians and Indian countrymen had
good houses and farms, and large herds of cattle,
sheep and hogs, besides household furniture, imple-
ments of husbandry, and a number of negro slaves.
The missionaries, in settling among such a people
as I have described, found a state of society not
widely differing from that which, in former days,
might often be found in newly settled countries by
civilized men. Some of the missionaries who set
tied among the Cherokees, were good people, and
were very useful to the natives; but, at the same
time, most of them advanced their own circum-
stances and comfort, and improved their own con-
dition as much as they did that of the Indians.
These missionary efforts in the Cherokee country
have been exaggerated, and published to the world
in religious magazines, which will likely be handed
down to posterity, and pervert the truth on the his-
toric page, when the present generation shall have,
passed away. Be assured, the greatly improved
condition of the Cherokee people cannot be justly
attributed to missionary labor; but to the establish-
ment of civil order, produced by the means to which
I have already adverted. Had the Cherokee
people been located where they could have
remained undisturbed, they might, and no doubt
would, have prospered and done well. But ¡
this was not the case, the Southern Slates,
as their white population increased, following the
example of the Eastern and Middle States, and by
the exercise of their own rights, found it expedient
and proper to take such steps as should change
their Indian population for that of the white, which
they considered superior. Moreover, they found
it expedient, to exercise the common right of all
the States, and which the older States had done be-
fore them, to take the control and government of
their Indian population into their own hands.
Such a course was in accordance with what had
been the common and established policy of the
country, from the time of the first European settle-
ments up to the present time. It was most unrea-
sonable to expect that an exception wilh a few of
the Southern States would occur, to that which had
been the invariable practice every where else in
America for upwards of three hundre* years. For
many years I clearly saw that the Southern tribes,
as they became crowded by a white population,
must either change their residence, as most of the
Northern tribes had done, or like those who still
remain, become subject to a state. of things which
would inevitably cause them to dwindle, perish,
and pass away from the face of the earth.
In view of this state of things, I have been forced
to the conclusion, that the plan which we now ad-
vocate merits the support and approbation of the
wise and the good from every section of our
Union. It appears to me to be a measure so vastly
important to a most interesting and peculiar por-
tion of the human family, and a people, too, to
whom we are under the strongest possible obliga-
tions, that every honorable Senator on this floor
shouldfor once forget all party names and distinction
disregard party or sectional interest, and each one
strive to do most to preserve and save these people,
who have so many just claims on our favorable
consideration.
I have often been surprised at the unbelief of
many intelligent and well-informed persons in re-
gard to the practicability of the civilization and
improvement of the native race of our country.
Give ihem the same opportunity, and they will im-
prove just like other people. Let us hereafter con-
sider them as human beings, of like passions and
propensities with ourselves; and in thus consi-
dering them, I know, from my own knowledge and
observation, we shall only do them justice. Give
them liberty and law, and at no distant day they will
exhibit a community which will do honor to the
legislation which we now urge for their benefit.
They are not only endowed with all the natural
and necessary faculties for mental cultivation and
improvement, but whenever the opportunity of
proper cultivation has been extended to them,' they
have as rarely failed to make good use of
their opportunities as other people of other na-
tions. I will not dwell upon the thousands of
cases, which might be individually referred to,
for the purpose of establishing the fact, of
the natural capacity of this race of people being
as well adapted to mental cultivation, as that of
the people of other nations; because the reflection.
and knowledge of each Senator must bear testi-
mony to the correctness of my statement on this
subject.
Let us give them a fair trial, as provided for in
this bill. Let us take this first step towards ele-
vating this people in the «cale of human beings.
This bill violates no existing law or treaty, but
goes far to carry out and fulfil many of the exist-
' ing obligations of this Government to various
tribes who are embraced in the bill. This bill
places these harrassed people beyond the reash
of State interference; and the right of soil should
be as securely guaranteed to these people, to them
and their posterity for ever, as it is to the people of
any State in this Union.
The institutions of these people should, as far
as practicable, be assimilated to our own in every
respect. Let us bind them to our great confede-
racy of Slates by the ties of union and family fra-
ternity. Let bs even look to the day when they
may become a bright star in the American coiutel-
lation of Stales.    Let these people receive  from
• our hands all the liberality and encouragement
which will promote their true interest. Let us pru-
dently aid them in the formation of suitable and
and good laws for their Government, Let us watch
