over and guard them from indiscreet legislation in
the first stages of their new Government. The
coarse suggested is the proper one to obliterate past
injuries; and new pursuits and new prospects of a
cheering and encouraging nature.are best calculated
to turn their minds from the painful recollections of
the past, and cause them to look forward to the
prize set before them, with that hope which gives
joy and peace. Increasing comfort, progressive
improvement, prospective preferment and distinc-
tion, will nourish a laudable enterprise and ambi-
tion in this interesting race of long neglected
people.
Such a course as the one suggested would, I
trust, extinguish every unkind feeling which may
have been taken with them to their new homes.
Let us endeavor to obliterate from their memories
all past strifes and animosities. I was desirous
myself that these people should have been allowed,
at once, a delegate of their own choosing on the
floor of Congress, one of their own people. I
know they have competent men, native Indians,
who could not i'ail to be respected on the floor of
Congress, for their intelligence, and genteel deport-
ment. By such a course they would not only feel
that their relation to us was amity and peace, but
they would soon learn to feel a family and kindred
interest in the welfare and prosperity of the nation
and Government of which they would form a part.
Then, sir, we should no longer need a military
force to preserve peace and good order amongst
these native Americans, whose common origin
from the same great parent with ourselves entitles
them to our special care and regard. Wretched
indeed will always be the state and condition of any
people who must be kept in subordination by a
military force.
Instead of further delay and consideration
on this subject, as has been recommended
by the honorable Senator ír¡ in South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Calhoun,] to my mind, now is
the auspicious moment for this Government
to make a vigorous effort to move forward and do
something for the permanent interest and benefit of
these people, by extending to them at least the ad-
vantages contemplated by this bill. Now is the ac-
cepted time for action. The Indians stand at your
door and knock. Now is the most favorable time
to make the best possible impression on the minds
of these people. If we do not proceed now, a re-
trograde movement may be apprehended. Many,
intelligent men amongst these Indian tribes have
long been looking to the state of things contem-
plated by this bill- Let us not disappoint them.
Justice calls for this last effort to save these people.
Humanity requites it; conscience demands it; pos-
terity will admire it; and Heaven will award its
blessing to those who shall be instrumental in con-
summating; this beneficent plan to redeem from ruin
an interesting portion of our fellow-men.
Mr. KING had no disposition, if his health per-
mitted, to consume much of the time of the Senate
in support of the amendment, and he was the less
disposed to do so, as he was fully aware what lit-
tle hopes there were of its success. He regretted
the temper of the Senate on this subject, and could
not but feel surprised that an amendment so im-
portant to the frontier States of the Southwest
should not meet with a more favorable considera-
tion. He had no disposition whatever to embar-
rass the bill which the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Lumpkin,] had so much at heart, and which he
had been nursing with such parental care; he had
no disposition to strangle it, as the gentleman feared,
but at the same time he could not approve the con-
tinuation of a course of policy calculated to press
heavily on the country from whence he came.
"While gentlemen had this extraordinary kindness
for the unfortunate red men, they ought to give
them a country sufficiently large to support them,
and in which they would net be driven by starva-
tion, and wantof elbow room, to depredate on their
white neighbors. Was it intended that all the In-
dians,. Northern as well as Southern, should be
crowded on our Southwestern borders, in order that
the whole country north of the Compromise line
should be kept exclusively for a white population?
It was not to be disguised that it was. There were
already 75,000 Indians in the Territory embraced
CONkRESStoNAL GLOBE.
in this bill, being as many as the country can con-
veniently support; and it was proposed to crowd
more there—wild Indians too—and what would be
the consequence'? Why the plunder of their white
neighbors, and this could not bs prevented,
for we could not keep up a standing army
sufficient to keep them in awe: the States
would not agree to it. Well might the Senator
from Arkansas say that the object was to get more
States at the Northwest; and he would asir the
Senator from Indiana, if he would oppose the
amendment, if he believed there would not be
more Stales formed to the Northwest?
Mr. K. regretted that his Southern friends did
not view the subject in the light that he did; but if
they were willing to take the consequences, all he
could say was that he warned them in time, and
that his skirts were clear. He felt for the Indians
as much sympathy as any man; he had always
manifested the strongest desiie to protect them, to
promote their welfare, and to provide for their civi-
lization and improvement. He knew .that they
could not be protected as long as they remained in
the States, and knew that if they did, they would
share the same fate which the honorable Senator
from Indiana said was reserved for the Indians of
his State on their first outbreak. Let them, said
the honorable gentleman, take the life of one of our
people, and they will be exterminated. We of the
South, said Mr. K. did notexterminate them, though
they have frequently been the aggressors, and have
shed freely the blood of our people. Mr. K. felt
that he was trespassing on the time of the Senate
in vain, and that his amendment was destined to
fail. He saw that his Southern friends were
indifferent as to future consequences, provided they
could carry out the object they had at present in
view. But, if his health permitted, he could pre-
sent the subject to them in such a way that they
could not avoid giving it a favorable reception;
and he thought he could even convince his North-
ern friends that the amendment was eminently cal-
culated to preserve the race for which they
expressed so much sympathy. Like many men,
however, he feared that their practice did not
accord with their professions. Where were their
Indians? Gone, sir; destroyed—rooted out from the
face of the earth; and yet they come here and talk
about the oppressions of the South. Look, said
Mr. K. at our tribes, the Creeks, the Cherokees,
and the Chickasaws. Are they trampled down—
exterminated? No, sir; they are powerful tribes.
We have placed them in a fine, fertile country; the
finest country that the sun shines on; with an
abundance of navigable streams for their use when
they become civilized enough to use them, and
parts of it abounding in game for those who are not
yet far enough advanced to live by agricultural
pursuits. He wished gentlemen would turn their
eyes to the Indians of their own country, and,
weighing what has been done towards them with
what has been done with the Southern tribes, strike
the balance.
If the wild Indians of the Northwest are to be
removed, he would ask the honorable Senator from
Indiana where they are to be placed. The Sena-
tor was well acquainted with the whole Indian
country—the quality of its soil, and its capacity to
support an Indian population. He would ask
him then were these, wild Indians are to be placed,
and by him to consider what will be the conse-
quences to his proposed confederation's well as to the
neighboring whites, of crowding in the circum-
scribed limits of the Territory, a number of lawless
savages, too wild and uncivilized to support them-
selves by the fruits of the earth. Mr. K. went on
in continuation of his remarks, offering various
reasons in support of his amendment.
Mr. TIPTON said the Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. King,] in defending his amendment, calls on
me for the reasons which induce me to oppose it;
and asks if my opposition does not arise out of a
desire to leave room for the formation of a State
north of the State of Missouri, and west of the
Mississippi river?
In answer, the honorable Senator is informed that
I have several reasons for opposing the amendment
which he has proposed.
His amendment proposes to set apart all the
34^
country west of the Mississippi river, east of the
Rocky mountains, and north of the State of Mis-
souri, to the Canada line, excepting that to which
the Indian title has been extinguished, for an addi-
tional Indian Territory, to be appropriated exclu-
sively to the use of the Indians.
I doubt whether the honorable member has exa-
mined the maps of that portion of the United States
territory, to ascertain the immense extent of coun-
try to be included within his proposed Indian Ter-
ritory. Why, sir, it is large enough for a king-
dom! According to the best maps, it is, in compa-
rison to the country comprised in the twenty-six
States and two Territories, as 11 is to 174, or, it is
about two-thirds as large as the whole twenty-six
States and two Territories.
The United States and Territories are computed
to contain 954,720 square miles. When the last
census was taken, the population of the United
States was 12,796,649; say that it is at this time,
in round numbers, 13,000,000. If the quantity of
land within the United Slates and Territories were
equally divided among the people it would give to
each soul about forty-seven acres.
The whole number of Indians east of the Roeky
mountains is estimated at 233,000; the number
within the mountains is reckoned at 20,000, and
that west of the mountains at 80,000; in all, within
the United States dominions, 333,000.
The country embraced in the amendment, includ-
ing that described in the bill, contains about 636,000
square miles, equal to 407,040,000 acres. This, di-
vided among the Indian population within the district,
would give to each more than 1,746 acres, which
would be thirty-seven times as much as belongs to
each person in the United States; or, take the Sena-
tor's amendment, exclusive of the country and the
Indians embraced in the bill, and the following will
be the result:
The territory embraced by the bill contains about
76,800,000 acres, on which it proposes to locate
ultimately 133,883 Indians, giving about 5734
acres to each This leaves within the exclusive
operations of the amendment 330,547,200 acres,
and less than 100,000 souls; say, in round numbers,
100,000. This would give to each person about
3,3054 acres, or seventy times as much as belongs
to each person in the United States.
If, however, the Senator designs by his amend-
ment to include only the lands between the Missis-
sippi and,Missouri rivers, and north loour northern
boundary, still the proportion of land to each will
be about the same as that of the last calculation. It
is not pretended that these calculations are frac-
tionally precise, but they do, I feel confident, ap-
proximate the truth.
We, who advocate this bill, as reported by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, are charged by the
Senator with crowding the Indians into a compass
too small for their convenience.
When I addressed the Senate on this subject a
few days ago, I showed that, according to the pro-
visions of the bill, we were allowing to each indi-
vidual, who would ultimately be located in the
Territory, twenty-one times as much land as be-
longed to each person within the State of Ohio. Is
not this enough? Is the committee, 1 asir, obnox-
ious to the charge now brought forward by the
mover of the amendment, which is the subject of
debate? I think not.
Another reason why I oppose his amendment is,
because he proposes what would effectually check
the growing power of the Western country, and of
the nation. I do not charge the honorable Senator
with moving the amendment with that object in
view; but I do say that, if adopted, it will have
that effect. I am confident he neither intends nor
wishes to produce such a result. He is a states-
man of too much experience, and indulges
more comprehensive views. If he will reflect on
this subject, he wdl perceive that my apprehensions
respecting the effect of his amendment, are correct.
With this evil in prospect, while he proposes to
give his Indians seventy times as much land as be-
longs to each person within the United States at
this time, I think I may be pardoned for objecting
to his amendment.
The Sioux tribe is at present spread over and
claims the country from Prairie du Chien, up the
