CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   _______349
A, showing the condition of the Treasury on this
day, as to its available resources.
I remain, very respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
The Hon. C. C. Cambreleng,
C. C. Ways and Means, House of Rep's.
A
Amount of Treasury Notes issued up to April 28th,
inclusive, per Treasurer's state-
ment         .....§9,423,959 31
Will probably be issued 30 April  -       135,000 00
9,558,959 31
$10,000,000 00
Not issued on the  1st of May, '38,
about.....441,040 69
Treasury Notes received for duties,  lands, and in
payment of debts due to  the United States, per
returns  received  at  this office  tip to  the 30ih
April,'38, about       -       -       - #5,150,000 00
Other funds  available  and subject to  draft, (de-
ducting  §400,000 in  the Mint,   and $590,000
Treasury lands,) about (less than)   $500,000 00
[Mr. Harper presented the petition of Samuel
Fish of Muskingum county, Ohio: referred  to the
Committee of Claims.]
Petitions and memorials of a private nature
were also, on leave, presented by Messrs. WIL-
LIAMS of Kentucky, HARPER, JONES of
Wisconsin, LINCOLN, MONTGOMERY, WIL-
LIAMS of Tennessee, and CAMPBELL of Ten-
nessee.
The following resolutions were, on  leave, sub-
mitted, and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. PRATT,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads  be instructed lo inquire into the
expediency of establishing  a post route  froin ihe
Lexington post  office, to Westkill  post  office, all
in the county of Green, and State of New York.
On motion of Mr. H. JOHNSON of" Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communi-
cate to this House a copy of the report of Major
Bellknap, of the 3d regiment of infantry,  with re-
spect to the removal of the obstructions to the  na-
vigation of the Sabine river.
~On motion of Mr. HUNTER of Ohio,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War lay before '
this House the report and survey of the  harbor of
Sandusky, made by Lieut. Campbell  Graham, in
the year 1826.
On motion of Mr. MONTGOMERY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post  routs  from lula
to St. Joseph, in. Florida, on the railroad track be-
tween those places.
THE LATE DUEL.
The House rtsume.l the unfinished business, be-
ing the consuleiation  of the report of the select
committee appointed  to  inquire  into  the causes
which led to the death of the late Hon. Jonathan
ClLLEr.
The question was on the motion of Mr. Adams
to recommit "what purported to be" the report of the
select committee, with instructions to strike out the
argumentative part thereof, and repoit only the evi-
dence, and also to recommit the motion to print.
The pending motion was that of Mr. Don-can to
strike out the words in italics.
Mr. ADAMS, in reference to Mr. Thomas's
statement of last night, (as given above,) admitted
its correctness, viz: that the majority report of the
Bank investigating committee; but he complained
that in the case before the House, nothing ap-
peared on the journal of the committee that the
repert was adopted there by a majority.
Mr. A. accepted Mr. DUNCAN'S amendment
as a modification of his instructions.
Mr. REED complained of the misrepresentations
sent abroad of the course pursued by him and his
friends." Though.in favor of recommitting the par-
tial report, he ■ was not opposed to the publication
of thefacB.
Mr. MERCER called for a farther division of
the qttestios.
Mr. FLETCHER, of Vermont, moved an addi-
tional amendment as follows: "and that the peti-
tions upon the subject of duelling, heretofore re-
ferred to the committee by this House, be recom-
mitted to the committee; and said committee are
hereby directed to report thereon to this House."
Mr. F. said he was induced to move this amend-
ment, for ihe purpose of bringing distinctly before
the House for their action the memorials and peti-
tions which had been received and referred to this
committee. He understood that upwards of one
hundred memorials and petitions upon this subject,
signed by some fifteen or twenty thousand citizens,
had been presented and referred to this committee
for their consideration. It appeared to him that
these memorials should receive some consideration,
and that they should be reported upon; that it
was an a«t of justice due to the memorialists, and
a duty devolving upon the House. The doctrine of
the gentleman (rem Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
on a former occasion, was, that the right of petition
was sacred ; that it involved the duty of the House
to hear, examine, and report upon the same. Now
Mr. F. insisted that the committee should not be
discharged from this duty.
The SPEAKER suggested to the gentleman that
the instructions referred to the petitions, and that
those who voted for the instructions of course re-
lieved the committee from the petitions
Mr. FLETCHER replied, that if that was the
onsttruction, the House would take the responsi-
cbiliy upon itself, and he would therefore withdraw
his amendment.
After some conversation between the CHAIR
and Messrs. BOON, ELMORE, PETRIKIN,
BRONSON, and MERCER, as to the position of
the question under the various divisions called for,
Mr. THOMAS moved to strike out the latter
branch of the instructions.
[This was to discharge the committee from the
further consideration of that part of the original re-
solution of 2ád February, directing them to in-
quire into and teport if any breach of privilege
had been committed.]
Mr. THOMAS feared that the House were about
to take a step, which, instead of extricating, would
involve us in still further embarrassments. We
have for several days been engaged in a discussion
to determine whether this committee have exceeded
their powers. There is much contrariety of opinion
a  to the effect of the original resolution under
which th'' committee was organized, and of the re-
peated orders of the House referring various peti-
tions, which have been committed. And now, sir,
with a full knowledge of this, what are we about to
do? The gentleman from Massachusetts has moved
to commit this repoit, with certain instructions. Of
this motion a division has been called for; and the
sense of the House will be first taken on the motion
to commit, and then the House will proceed to
vote upon the instructions proposed. In ihis mode
of proceeding no inconvenience would be encoun-
tered, if all who vote to commit, would then vote
together, as to the instructions to be given. But
is it reasonable to anticipate such a state of things'?
Can it be doubted but that many will vote to com-
mit who will not be united as to the nature
of the instructions to be given? And may it not
happen that the report will be recommitted,
and yet a majority of the House be found
unwilling to modify the original resolution
under which the committee were appoint-
ed, or to discharge trie committee from the
consideration of the petitions that have been refer-
red? In that event, we shall have the members of
the committee in the same position in which they
have been placed. They will,be required to deter-
mine upon the extent of their powers; and the
House will again be engaged in ten days' discus-
sion to determine whether the committee have or
have not exceeded the authority granted. It is
time for this House to take the proper responsi-
bility. For one, he had been prepared from
the moment that this subject was intro-
duced, to vote, directly and unequivocally,
upon all the questions which have arisen. It is
due to the committee that the whole Hou«e should
act with candor and distinctness. Let us say what
the committee are to do before we ingtpitit.thpm to
take charge again of these delicate questions. Let
us say whether they shall, or shall not, report upon
the question whether a breach of the privileges of
this House has heen committed, or not. And let
us say whether the committee shall, or shall not,
present to the House measures of redress for any
grievance which they may think exists. When
this has been done, the House will have discharged
its duty. Without this we shall have avoided, we
shall not have decided, those questions, in the dis-
cussion of which we have been occupied, to the
exclusion of all other business, for more than a
week. We shall have evaded responsibility, and
have devolved the whole upon the members of the
committee. This, Mr. T. was not prepared to do.
He had formed opinions upon these questions; he
was prepared to spread them upon the records of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. ELMORE expressed his assent to this
amendment.
Mr. PETRIKIN called for the yeas and nays
upon it; which were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS briefly opposed this motion, and
expressed himself at a loss to perceive what fur-
ther relief it could afford the committee.
Mr. MAY then moved an adjournment.
Mr. PETRIKIN called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. RIVES suggested that, in consequence of
the confusion incident upon so many propositions
to amend, it would be better to adjourn, so that
they might be postponed till to-morrow.
The House refused to adjourn—yeas 7, nays 156.
The question was then taken on Mr. Thomas's
amendment, and it was decided m the affirmative—
yeas 96, nays 68.
The question then recurred on the remaining
branch of the instructions, to recommit with in-
structions to report the evidence only, being the
original motion of Mr. Adams, on which a division
had been called for; fust <m the motion to recom-
mit, and th n on the instructions.
Mr. RARIDEN moved a substitute, viz: that
the report of the majority and views of the minority,
together with the journal and evidence, be recom-
mitted, with instructions to arrange the journal,
evidence, and the questions propounded, whether
overruled by the majority or not; and that they re-
port the same to the House without comments or
arguments.
Mr. TOUCF.Y called far the yeas and nays
on the proposition, which were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS questioned the motion of Mr. R.
being in order.
The CHAIR decided that it was; but after some
further conversation—
Mr. RARIDEN withdrew it for the present, and
the question recurred as before.
Mr. THOMAS, in order to test the sense of the
House, moved to strike out the balance of the in-
structions.
Mr. BOON inquired, what would be the effect of
a motion to lay these several motions on the table?
The CHAIR replied, that it would lay the whole
subject on the  table,  as  the  report, &c.  wouid
cohere.
Some conversation then took place between
Messrs. MERCER, ELMORE, TOUCEY, and
ADAMS, as to the situation of the bill to prevent
duelling; Mr. ELMORE stating that the committee
had agreed to some amendments, and Mr. TOU-
CEY that he was ready to report it, the amend-
ments having been agreed to unanimously.
Mr. ADAMS accepted Mr. RARIDEN'S pro-
position as a modification of his own, and adding a
further instruction to the committee to report the
anti-duelling bill.
Mr. LEGARE dissented from it on the ground
of irregularity in calling for the journal of a com-
mittee, and the inutility of requiring any action of
the House upon it. Mr.L. called for a division of
the question.
Mr. THOMAS expressed his adherence to his
motion to strike out the instructions, for he was op.
posed to any instructions further than contained m
the original resolution of the House.
Mr. BELL went, at length, into a course of ar-
gument against the report of the committee.
Mr. CHAMBERS made some remarks in sup-
