professions about the saving of time, let him give
the proof thereof, by marching up to the question
at once, and voting directly upon the resolutions
reported by the committee. I, for one, said Mr.
B am ready and willing to meet the question now
or at any time ; and if the gentleman Irom Massa
chusetts, and those who act with him, will but
meet the question at once, there will be an end of
the matter. I am for no staving-off. To use the
language of the gentleman from Massachusetts
some two or three years since, let there no dodging
the question, as he ¡hen charged upon another
body, in another quarter of this Capitol, when the
war question with France was undei consideration,
and when that gentleman made a speech on both
sides of that question.
Mr. MURRAY then moved to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. POTTS asked for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and were—yeas 47, nays 124.
So the House refused to lay it on the table.
Mr. ELMORE had hoped that what he had said
in explanation of his views oí duty, and in express-
ing his desire to have explicit instructions given to
the committee, had been understood by the House,
but it appeared to him to have been otherwise, and
he went on at laige to urge the House to say, dis-
tinctly, what was desired by the House m the re-
commitment.
He contended that the House had, by its
original resolution instructed him to perform a
duty which wat most painful, and he called upon
the House, if ihey did not desire the peí formalice ot
that duty, to discharge the committee fiom the or-
der, in direct teims. There were doubts existing
¡a relation to the condition m which the committee
"would be found under the mstiuctu ns as now pro-
posed to the House. He was pleased with the le-
solution of the gentleman Irom Massachusetts,
[Mr Adams,] because it pioposed to dischdige Ihe
committee from a most painlnl and delicate duty,
and he ha 1 expressed Ins satisfaction, uheu the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Tuo.masJ movtd
t> strike out that clause; not because he wished
ihe duty left upon the committee, but because he
should obtain the cleai expression of the \ lew s ot
the House. He would shrink from no duty the
House might impose upon him, but if they intend-
ed to telieve the committee from the responaibil ly
of rtporting upon the question of a bleach ot pri-
vilege, he wished that it might beso done that theie
could be no misunderstanding on the part of the
committee or any member of the House.
The question «to then taken on the motion to
leconsutet, and decided in the negative—yeas 82,
nays 00.
The question then recurred on the motion oí
Mr. THOMAS, to strike out that clause oí the
3-nstructions of Ml Adams, which directed t.ie
committee to arrange the testimony, and such
parts of the journal as would show what testimony
had been offered and rejected by the committee,
without any eommenttheietn.
The question being taken by yeas and nays was
decided m the negative—yeas 82, nays 93.
Mr. LOOMIS moved to strike out a part of the
clause just decided to be retained, but it was
voted by the Speaker to be out of order.
Mr FLETCHER of Vermont then moved to
amend the resolution by adding thereto, "that the
petitions and memorials heretofore ptesented to the
House upon the subject of duelling, be íecommitted
to ¡he committee, and that they be requjed to te-
port upon the same.
Mr F. remarked that he wished the whole sub-
ject to go tcgether, and to have a report upon the
whole, without having reports in details. He did
not wish the House to lose sight of the petitions and
memorials.
Mi. MERCER suggested that the memonals had
been reported on, by the report already made.
Mr. FLETCHER said he knew they had report-
ed, but that report would not be sent back, and he
wished it sent back with the petitions and memo-
rials, that the whole matter might be acted on
together.
Mr. ADAMS said he should vote against the mo-
lion to amend, for the reasons that he considered
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Senate bill, reported by the committee, as a re-
port upon the memorials, and because, if the com-
mittee were to examine the memorials arid the vari-
ous prayers contained m ll em, it would occupy
many months, and would re open all the ground
alreidy gone o,er
Mr. FLETCHER contended that the right of
petition involved the nghi to have the memorials
examined bj the committee, and he was desirous
that the various pray eis contained therein should
be reported upon
Mr. SLADE said he was in favor of the amend-
ment of his colleague, and should be glad to vote
for it, but he could not do so without a iurthei
amendment He suggested to amend the amend-
ment, by adding, " that the committee report any
testimony they may take ,n relation to the memo-
rials, without comment."
Mr FLETCHER declined to accept the modi-
fication. He said he had not known any parlia-
mentary u--age in accordance with it. Petitions
were leferred to committees generally, and he
could not consent that this committee should be
lestr cted
Mr. SLADE icmaiked tha' he wished to have
the committee restricted in ¡heir investigation of
the motion, as ihey wire in relation to other parts
of the investigation, and he moved to amend the
amendment as he had suggested He did not wish
the commitce to go ovei the whole ground, and
again to comment and argue upon the merits of the
testimony biought beloie them.
The ¡SPEAKER, in answet to an inquiry of a
member, stated that the effect of the previous ques
lion would be upon the passage of the resolutions
n ported by the eommiltee
The qu< slum he uig taken on the amendment to
the amendment, it was (ejected—yeas 63, nays 83
Mi FLETCHER called foi the j eas and nays
on Ins amendment, which were ordeied, and the
question being taken, the amendment was adopted
—>eas 8'), nays8<)
Mi LOOMIS said the Committee were required
bv Lip otuina! icsolution, and by the piayer oí
ti' memonals, to r port upon the subject of a
bleach of pnvi ege, and he moved to insert after
the woids " without comment or arguments," the
words "etceptas to the question of a breach of
privilege "
Mi N \YI OR urged llio propriety of caution on
the p.utof the lloi se, and protested against exer-
cising the powrol juekrmg of breaches of privi-
lege tlnough the acli u of a committee.
Mi FAIRFIELD called for the ayes and noet
on the motion of Mr LOOMIS, and they weie
ordered
Mr. LEGARE mged the House not to act pre-
cipitately, and piesscd Ihe propuety of an adjourn-
ment which he moved
The ayes and noes having been ordered on the
motion to adji urn, it was decided in the nega-
tive—ayes 88, noes 97
Mr REED moved to amend the amenelment of
Mi LOOMIS, by adding at the end of it the words,
"and il a member prove to be involved, they shall
not proceed against him, but «hill make a special
íeport of that lact to the House "
Mr. II. remarked, that lus object was to avoid
such embanassinenf as the House had found itself
involved n, in consequence of ii"t adhering to this
rule of the Manual,
Mr MALLORY called for an adjournment.
Mr. GRAN f cal'ed for the yeas and nays, which
baing taken, the motion was decided m the nega-
tive—ayes 88, noes 89, the Cihir voting in the
negative
Mr. SHERROD WILLIAMS ¡hen moved a
call of the House; but befoie faking ths question
thereon,
Mr. RUbáELL moved that the House do now
adjourn, which question being taken by ayes and
noes, was decided m the negative—ayes 88, noes 97.
The question then recurred on the motion lor a
call of tr'e House, which having been ordered to be
taken by ayes ami noes, was decided m the nega-
tive—ayes 74, noes 99.
And then, on motion,
The House adjourned.
351
IN SENATE,
Wfdnesday, May 2, 1838.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated to the
Senate, m obedience to a resolution, a statement
showing the foittficalions which were commenced
and completed- laid on the table, and orJered to be
printed.
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of the heirs
of Agnes Dundas, praying that certai i property
exhibited to the United States may revert to tnerm
referred to the Committee on Judiciary.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented four memorials
from citizens of Philadelphia, praying that an
international cepy-right may not be passed. The
memorials state that thirty millions of dollars capi-
tal is employed in the book selling business of tins
country; and ¡hat if the law were passed it would
prevent numerous persons engaged m that business
from obtaining emploj ment. Mr. B said it was a
subject that demanded the serious attention of Con-
gress, and expressed a hope that it would recen e it.
The memorials were referred to the co nmitlec on
the subject.
Also, from a number of ship masteis, and others,
asking that New Castle, in the State ot Delauaie,
may be made a port of entrj: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial from the President of the
Philadelphia Lyceum, in relation to the impoitant
discoveries of Professor Espy, as to the causes of
storms, &c. referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. B. also presented three memorials from
the citizens of the county and city of Philadel-
phia, remonstrating against the annexation of
Texas to the United States: laid on the table.
Also, from a number ofcituens of Pennsylvania,
praying the abolition of slavery and the s'ave trade
in the District of Columbia: the mo'ion to recen o
was laid on the table.
Mr. MOUTON presented five memorials from
different individuals of Louis ana relative to land
claims: referred to the Committee on Puvate Land
Claims.
On motion of Mr. MORRIS, the petition of the
mayor, recorder, aldermen, and common council of
Michigan cuy, piesented at the last session, were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands
Mi. MORRIS presented Ihe petition of sundry
citizens of Ohio, prajmg foi the abolition <f slave-
ry and the slave trade in the District oí Columbia.
Mr. ROBINSON piesented ihe petrion of sun-
dry cuizens of the upper pan of llhnois, praying
foi the eslablishment ol a mail íoute refeiied lo
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. R. also presented the petition of ¡tie corpo-
rate authonties of the town of Chicago, praying
for the grant of a slip of land referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, dnQ ordered to be
punted.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
which was referred the resolution of the Senate en
the subject, reported a bill authorizing the sale of
certain bonds of the Bank of the United States
belonging to the United States- read and ordere I
to a second reading
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and edopted
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasuiy be
directed to communicate to the Senate a condensed
statement of the condition of the State banks,
according to the latest returnsíeceived at the Tiea-
sury. Also, the returns on which the said state-
ment may be founded.
The CHAIR communicated a lettei from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a report
from the Commissioner of the General Line! Office,
on the subject of the mining lands m Wisconsin
and the northern part of Illinois.
On motion oí Mr. LYON, leferred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and oidered to be printed.
The bill granting to States and incorporated
companies engaged in the construction ot Roads
and canals the right of way thrru6l. the puD' e
lands, was taken up and read the third >rne.
Mi. LYON, after some remarks, moved to la/
the bill on the table, and after some lemarks from
Messrs. KING and CLAY of Alabama, in oppo
