25th Co^.TZgND~S3¡ssi                                 MONDAY, MAY~14,~ 1838.____________________Volume 6.........No. 23.
BY BL VÍR & RIVES.                      ~ ~    ,     - _ZH\VEEXLY-IZT~~          ________PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
IN SENATE '
TntJESDASr, May 3, 1838.
A message was received irom the President of
the United States
The VICE PRESIDENT om-nuniaateá to the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War, lians-
mitting the report of the Second Auditor, m ac-
cordance with the act of the 6th May, 1833,
regulating trade and intercourse w th the several
Indian tribes: laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented a memorial from
certain citizens of New Jersey, praying that the
Cherokee treaty may not be enforced laid on the
table.
Mr. SWIFT presented a memorial, signed by
men and women, praying that the Cherokee tieaty
may not be enforced, laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LINN presented memorials in relation to
the improvement of agriculture, science, and the
mechanic arts.: ordered to be printed, and reierrcd
to the Committee on Agncultuie.
Mr. SPENCE presented the petition of Daniel
Job, praying a pension referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr FULTON, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a joint lesolution in b< hj.lt of
Vespasian Ellis, which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
On motion of Mr. MORRIS, it was oideied that
when the Senate adjourn it adjourn to Monday,
and then,
On motion of Mr. BENTON,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, May 7, 1838.
The SPEAKER, on leave, laid before the House
the following Executive communications, viz
1. From the acting Secretary oí War, covering
a report from the Commanding General of the
Army, accompanied by a report ol Major
Belknap, respecting the removal oí obstructions in
the Sabine river.
On motion of Mr McKAY, laid on the table
9. From the Secretary oí the Treasuty, coveting
a report of the progress made in issuing patents ior
lands in the State of Louisiana, in the examina-
tions of certificates to purchasers, &c.
On motion of Mr. CASEY, lai t on the table
Petitions and memorials we«, on leave, pi event-
ed by Messrs. C. H. WILLI IMS, ALLEN of
Vermont, JOHNSON ol Mainland, MILLER,
CUSHMAN, and STONE
[Mr. Stone presented the petition ol Majoi
James Cam and 78 otheis, citizens of Bledsoe and
Marion counties, praying lor the extension of a
mail route from Dallas, n Hamilton county, Ten-
nessee, to Spring Place, Georgia, and asking Hie
Post Office Department to place on said roriif a ioui
horse post coach, to run from MoMinuvillc, Ten-
nessee, via Dallas, to Spring Place, Georgia, tluec
times a week: referí ad in the Com ,iitu.e on the
Post Office and Post Roa Is Also, the pet turn ot
Capt. Benjamin B. Cannon and 40 others, citi/ens
of Hamilton count), Tennessee, piajmg fir the
establishment of a mail loute irorn DalUs, in Ha-
milton county, Tennessee, to Spring Place, in
Georgia, and ior (he mail to be conveyed m stages
three times a week upon said loute, io leave t1 e
mam western route at McMinnvdle, Watren coun-
ty, Tennessee, and run to Spung Placo, Gcoigia
refetjed to the Committee on the Pott Oih„e and
Post Roads.]
[Mr. Mirtrn presented the petition of Jesse
Nave and others, praying Congress to estpbhsh a
mail route from Carrollton, m Carroll cojnty,Mis-
souri, by TJüca, m Livingston eounty, Nave's
store, to Thompson's settlement, m the territory
attached to Livingston county, m said State refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Reads.]
Oa motion of Mr. MILLER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po t Office
and Po«t Roads be instrjetei to inquire into the ex-
pediency of eslab'ishmg a mail route fnm Hunts-
ville, in Randolph county, Missouri, by Johnson
Wngh*'s, to Macon Court House, in said State.
On motion oí Mr TURNEY,
Rnohcd, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the etpV
diency of establismr? a pension agency at
McMimwilie, m the State of Tennessee, for the
counties of Franklin, Watren, Coffee, De Kalb,
White, Overton, andFentrtss.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN,
Resolved, Thai the Comunttee on Ihe Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a mail route from Blount
Springs, by way of Blountville, Ashville, crossing
Coosa river, at Green's Ferry, to Alexandria, m
Alaban'a
CONTRACTS WITH  RAILROADS.
Mr GRAY, on leave, submitted the following
resolution
ResAvid, That a select committee, consisting of
five persons, be appointed to inquire into the
expediency of authorizing permanent contracts to
be made with djfleient railroad companies, oi such
of them as may be willing to make permanent
contiads, ior the transportation of the mail, public
propert, and troops of the United States, from the
^eal ot Government to Lake Erie and Lake Ontaiio,
■ upon the s ime terms, and upon such restuctions a.>
may to pi escribed by law
Mr BRIGGS moved t > strike out " a select com-
mi'tee, <5tc," and insert the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads," which was agreed to.
Mi M'KAY moved funner to amend the reso-
lution, by staking therefrom, all after the woids
"Unitfd States," so a^ to leave th« mat'er open
genetally ior contracts with all railroad compa-
nks
Mi  GRAY accepted this amendment, and so
modified, the resolution was asreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HAYNES asked leave to offer the follow-
ing, but Mr. YELL objected to it.
Whereas, each of the States of this Union has a
right to participate in the public land=, the common
fund tor their use and benefit according to their tue
and benelit, according to their respective propor-
tions m the get  ral chaige and expenditure,
llesolved, Tint, as the public lands constitute a
it venue fund subject to the said principle oí distit-
buiion, and, as taxes are levied upon the people
and not upon the States as such, that any distribu-
tion winch may be made of those lands, should be
made among the cituens of the several States and
Terrilones of the Union, according to the principle
by which direct taxes aie regulated by the Constitu-
tion, and that a select committee be appointed, with
instructions to report a bill making an appottion-
ment of all the public lands oí the United St?tes
among the utizens ot the several Stales and Terri-
tories, according to the ratio by which direct tates
aie apportioned among them
The CHAIR announced the unfinished business,
being the consitkiation oí the report of the Select
Commilipf on tl<<- e'ea'h of Mr Cilley, when
Mr CAMBRELENG ro>e and said he hoped
the Hou'e would consent to-day, agreeably to the
undeistanding on Thursday last, te go on with the
public business, which the House, and every mem-
ber oí it, must be aware was very important and of
pressing urgency.
Mr. ADAMS objected.
Mi. CAMBRELENG then moved a suspense
of the rule for the purpose of submitting the fol-
io v mg order
Hcsjlvcd, That the rules be suspended for the
pin pose ot considering bills referred to the Corn-
mutee ol the Whole on the state of the UnioD.
Mr MENETEE inquired if it was in order to
assign reasons against this motion
The CHAIR replied that, tinder the rules, the
motion was not debatable,
Mr. GRAVES protested agamst ihe unfinished
business, in which he was affected, being laid
aside.
Mr. HUNTER, of Ohio, asked for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered, and were yeas 112,
nays 57.
YE VS—Messrs John W Allen, Andrews, Atherton, Beatty,
Belt, Birknell, ISniKUl, Boon, Brodhead, Bionson, Bruyn,
Cambrel^ng, .Toh i Campbell, Osey, Chapman, Cheatham,
Clark Gleve'and Cole , Connor, Craig, Crary, Crockett, Cush
man, Debcrry, DeGraff, Duncan, Dunn Edwards, Farnngton,
Ioaacrieichei, Foster Tiv, Gallup Grant, fiiay, Griffin, Haley,
Hammond Hamei, Hawcs, Hawk n&, ftaynes, Hotkey, Holt,
Hopkins, Hublo, WidiamH Hunter, Ingham, J Jackson,
J Joanson, N Joni« j w Jores, Keim, Kilgore, Klmgen-
smith, Liadbelter L-W3, I,og~n, Loorms, Lyon, Matvlii,
Mniaon Mason, Marun, McKay, Robert MoCiellan, Abraham
MoCiellan McCluie, MiMer, Moi^an, Mimay, Noble, Owens,
Palm l, Parkei, Paunentei, Paynter I'enn^backer, Petukm,
Phelp , Piatt Prenu-9 Randolph, Rhett Rives, Sawyer,
Siefler, Augustine H Is leppeid, Chaiies S'iepaid, Shields,
Snydei, Spencer Steuait, stone, ¡stratton, lahaierro, Taylor.
Thomas, f itus fouccy Tow n% Turney, Underwood, Valí,
Vandeiveer, Webster, Weeks, Albert S White, Eiisha Whit
tlosey Thorn is T Whittlesey, Jared W Williams, Christo
plierll Williams,and loll—112
NAYS—Messrs Adamo, Alexander, Hernán Allen, liiddle,
Burden, Brisas, William B Calhoun, lohn Calhoon, Wni B
Campbell, Chambers, Child*, Colrin, Coi «in, Curtí , Cubing,
Divce, Davies, Demit, Bvciett Fairfield, Richard Fletcher,
Tillmore, Goode, Willi ím Graham, Ha'l. Harlan, Harper,
Hasting*, Iloiuy, Jemiei, William Cost Jo'm*o 1, I men" Mc
Xmnui Mei-tee, Mei-c Mathias Minis, Cilvir/ f'o us,
NayUr, Xoyes, O'lc Ptl er>,on, Peck Pi s Eirikn Reel,
lUnciei, Runway, Run ty, Ri ^s'll bibltv Mu'?, tuih
wtt Thoi-i on, Tillmghaat, ToHud, John \lii i., aid Lew 
Williams-57
So the Hous° refused to suspend the mies, two-
thirds not voting in the affiin.ative.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then asked leave to sub-
mit the following.
Resolved, That the rules sf the Heuse be sus-
pended for the purpose of considering the T easury
Note bill.
Objection being made, Mr C. moved a suspen-
sion of the rule to enable him to offer the above,
and said that, m the present condition of the Trea-
suiy of the country, he felt compelled to ask for the
yeas and nays, which he did, and they were ordered,
and were yeas J 02, nays 77.
YEAS—Messrs J W Allen Andi ews,Atherton,Beatty Beirne,
Ilickne.l, Birdsall Boon, Biodnead, Bronson Bruyn, Cambre
tenj, John Campbell, (asey Chapman Claik, Cleveland,
C deo, Conno^Ciai^, Crar>,Cubhmdn Deberrj DeGraif, Drom-
"ool*1 Duncan Etlwudo, E'more, rininfrlon, Poster, Fry,
t.allnp, GrantlaLd, Grant, Giay, Gnffin Haley, Hammond,
Hiwkins Hiynos Holsey, Holt, Hopkins, Howard, Hubley,
William H Hunter Ingham Jabez Jack on, J iseph Johnson,
Nihimt.1 ionej, John \V Tom ^, Kin0'Ki gee, Klmeensmith,
T"adbette!,T.ewl , Í >2an, Loo nis, Lyon, Mai tin McKay, Ro
IjertMcOltl1 n, Abralum MiCltllan, McClor-, Miller, Moore,
M ugm ¡Muuay >, ible, Oweoo, Paimei, Pallet,, Paimenter,
Piyitei, Ponnjbackei, Petnkm, Phelps, P.ei tías Rhe't,
Rives, bawyer telieiler, Chaiies fehepaid, Snvder Spencer,
¡s uart, Tihateno, Taykn, ThomaR, Titu¡,, Toucey, T wns,
Turney Vail Vandcrvtei Webstei, Weeks, A S White, Elisha
Whiltiesev, Thomas T Whittleoey, Jared W Williams, and
Archibald Yell—102
NAYS—Messis Adams, Alexander lieman Allen, Bell,
Biddlc, Brigas, William B Calhoun, John Calhoon, William
B (ampbell, Vv llham B tarter, Chamhers, Cheatham,
Childs, CoíFi i, Coiwm, Cranston, Crockett, Cortio, Cu^hing,
iiarlingtm Dawon Davies, Derm-, Dunn Everett Richard
I K tcln r, Flllm ire, Rice Garland, Goole, Vviliiam Grahan,
IÍH1, ííu'in Hupti Hrfstitus, Hawe^, lie ny, Hi riman Je
n fer, William Co t Join son í icol M rwn ^ar pcon ''la
h n, McKernan, Mcnefce, Mcicei >í ti las Morris,, Calvaiy
Morn^ ?\ yloi ISovls, Ogle Pattasoo Je i, Pope Po it,
Raudco, Hi oc!pn,lt cd Rancher Rid v,ay, Rumoey R issel,
Snt-it's biolcy s-iaJe, Sonthgate, -stai py Stone Stiatton
iliimpson, Til'inshaot, Toiand, TJndawood J o Win'e,
Iewi- William , feheirod Williams, andChrrtoi her H Wu
uam^—1"
So the House again refused to suspend, two-
thirds not voting m the affirmative.
DUELLING REPORT.
Mr. SAWYER then rose and said that he should
make a motion which would put gentlemen to the
te t whether they would do that directly which they
sought to do indirectly, and it was to lay the whole
subject on the table.
The condition, said Mr. S. m which the House
was involved, had only served to bring the convic-
tion upon his mind of the utter folly ot proceeding
with the subject any further. What mighty result
was to be accomplished^ What great principle
was to be established? Where was it to terminate?
These were considerations that shoula, he though ,
address themselves to every member there, for as 
was progressing, the subject was as houndlesi <ts
