358
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, May 9, 1838
'   FUNERAL OF MR   LAWLER.
Pursuant to order, the House assembled at 12
o'clock, m for the puipose of attending the funeral
obseqtres of the  Hon   Joab Lawler, iate a Re-
presentative m Congress from the Slate of Alabama
Th¡* following was the order of arrangements
The Committee of Arrangements, pall-bearers,
and mourners, atlended at the late residence of
the deceased, at Mr.  Mount's, on Pennsylvania
avenue, at 11 o'clock, a. ra at wh ch time the íe-
mairs were removed, m charge of the Co.imi'tre
of Arrangements, attended by the Se,g~an'-at-ari is
of the House of Representatives, to the Hal1 oi the
House
Shoitly after 13 o'clock, meridian, funeral set-
vice was performed m the Hill of the House ol
Representatives, and, immediately after, the pro-
cession moved to the place of interment m the fol-
low mg order
Tne Chaplains of b th Houses
Physicians wno attends 'he deceased.
Committee of Anan/emenK, viz
Mr I/son o'AI.-bim
Mr Vfrh i or Va        Mi   1 ¡r\ " rf tv™
T Tr Harlan nt Ky           M   Pi"'At eo   'iti"
Mr. ¿\ij.tr<tr of Ten        Mi   I oot of Ind
Pi'I Pcrrr™ , mz
Mr Hliiob" o< S   C.     Mr C \  t of AT C
Mi CiRTTRotTen.       /fi Ki «on   ofOiio
Mr S"irn I\  V.      M   B,ui.o ol :'^
The f\imJ> pud f nnt's oí 'h<> dtct s d
The member  of the IJr use of Rcpic-cn iV/cs and
Sen ¿'ore íto'n \<i' ¿"up, as mourner'-
The Sergeant-a'-arms of the Bouse of Repiesen-
The House of Representatives, pieceded by the
Speaker and Clerk
The other offi-ers of the House of Representatives
The Ssrsreant-at arms o iht Sen tt
The Seuate of tne United Slates, preceded
Vice Piesident and Secretary.
The other officers of the Sena'e
The President of the United State 
The Heads of Department*
Foreign Ministers
Citizen and Stranger 
by the
HOUSE OF Rrr-RFSFNTATIVES,
Tin.nsDA-4, M"y 10, 1838
On motion of Mr LYON, the Speaker was di-
rected to notify the  Governor of Alabama that a
■vacancy 1 ad occared in the representan! n of that
Slat , by the death of the honorable Jo\e LvwrtR
The SPEAKER laid before the lloare the fol-
lowing Exccutiic communications, vi?
1    Front the Seactsry of State, communicating
the names, graies, removals, dates of appoint-
ment, &c of all ministers ai d other diplomatic
age its of the United St Mes to foreign countries
On motion of Ml  WtlGGS, Ltd on the table
2    From the ac'mg Secretary of Wu, a report
f om the Comnussionei of Indian Aflrus, in íefe-
rence to the payment of the annuity dae to the Se-
neca Indians fo" the year 1837
On motion of Mr FILLMORE, Ki i on the
table.
On leave, ptlitions were presented by Mr  HOPF
M A.N, of New York, and Mi  EOULDIX, o' Vi--
gini?.
Mi. TILL1NGKAST asked a si oi'a. leave,
but it was objected to, aid his motion to tusrend
the rules for the propose «a^ rejecter' \ t out i
d vision
On mrton of Mr HAR.L VN, the Oh tin. was
directed to ippoint a m""ib r on iV Coi n ii'ce. or
Pnvaie Lan I C h ms, to sop"1 the 1 acarcy occa-
sioned b/ the d cuse of M   Lwt  it
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY
The ibi'otiUT" m"ssagc m vrmnc, t   s  ecet"ed
from the Pies Jcnt of the Unit" I ^ t  --, by ll e
hands  of his   private  s^cieaiv, Ab.i'iam  Van
Burén, e q
To tht Semite and House o/U nrt1 n'atues
I submit to tne consideration of Corgi" s a state-
ment prepared by the Secretary of hie Pieasury,
by which it appears that the United Stales, with
over twenty-eight millions m deposite wuh tlv 
States, and over fifteen millions due from indivi-
duals and banks, are, from the situation in which
tb s* fundsaieplaeed.mimmediate dangerofbeing
rendeied unable to discharge, with good faith and
promptitu'e, the various pecuniary obligations of
the Government
The oecunence of this result has for some time
been apprehended, and efforts made to avert it. As
the principal difficulty arises from a prohibition in
the present hw to reissue such Treasury notes as
might be paid m before they fall due, and may be
effectually obviated by giving the Treasury during
the « hole ve ir the benefit of the full amount ongi-
ra! y antnonred, ^he remedy would seem to be ob-
v.ous ard easv.
The serious embarrassments likely to arise from
a longer continuance of the present state of things,
induces me respectfully to invite the eathest action
of Congiess to die subject which may be consistent
to a due icgaid for othei public interests
M. VAN BUREN.
Mai 10, 1838
[1 he s atement rcfirred to in the above message
v i'l K i< rind m 'he Senate piou-edingt, ]
'J' ''es ~i ind iceomptrning document of
'U Si   m)i    lis IVasu y h im  let n read,
H CAMEU! LENG lose and-emarked that,
t > o i r tiree dijs go, he made a motion on the
suhj < lpferad to ln'msedocaments but which fail-
ii -o 's n quiring a majon'y of two thirds. He
sion'd n< t, at this moment, renew the motion, but
1 e ^a"e no'ice that he should do so in the course of
the i'iy, unless the pnvileged question (the duel-
ling repoit) was sooner disposed of
Mr C. then moved to refer the foregomg papers
to a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Um m, and that they be printed
Mr UNDERWOOD reminded the gentleman
fiom New York that he [Mr U] was entitled to
the Hoc- on the subject referred to, but he was per-
fectly wl|| ng to forego it, in view of the necessity
and u'winy of ptoctednig with the despatch of
public business If it was tiie pleasure of the
House to pustpone the subject indefinitely, he would
make that motion as soon as the above papers
were of dnposed, but if that motion should not pre-
va i, he hould go on with his remarks
Mr. SERGEANT presumed the papers could
be printed by to-monow morning, and as there had
hem but an imperfect opportunity of knowing
then contents from the reading at the Clerk's desk,
he v ould suggest whether the gentleman from
New York had not better postpone his motion to
go on v nh the public business till to-morrow, and
devrte this dav to the disposal of the other matter
Mr C1MBRELENG remarked that they could
not proceed to the public business one moment too
soon, and as it would be debated, the sooner
the debate was commenced the better, for
there Mas little piobabihty, though he wished
it were otherwise, that the subject would be
disposed of in a single daj With reference to the
motion adverted to by tie gentleman from Ken-
tucky, perhaps the gentleman was not aware, that
on i im t o i to postpone mdefinitelj, the whole
ni [i' \ eie open for discussion, and therefore it
vi i1' not bur" the IIou e to a vote sooner than
0 r> ithe
Mr O's mo m to refer an 1 print the above pa-
pas ^a= t^c"  igreca to
DLTLLING REPORT
Mr U;\D, ".WOOD d he \ as fully aw?re of
tn" naturf of a mo uri to postpone indefinitely,
but h s oiijpct ' i It gt t clear of tic v. íole sulnect
d f ns the pre^it session, rnd uní s it could be
d ne, 1 p raw no reason v hy the d< bate should not
n    i
\, t o fr( nt! rpan fron New Vori', ho«evei,
\vi ^ 1 lo 'est the sens" of the ilojse by renewing
h mctiC" Mr U would j-i>e may f<r that p"r-
t Ose
al- CAT^PEL^Z.G thci m  'ed a suspension
of e ni'i it"' < pjrpjse o' c ustlcring and cop-
tnunj, no ccfsc'tpt m of bills re'err-d 'o the
Co i i sittf e ci t, v Wiole on thi  state oí the Union
*>'r GRAVEá expiessed a \/ish to make a few
real rls n opposition *o the moLo i, but it was not
un jei di" rule, a m Mr G. then moved a call of
the Houoe, and asked for the j eas and nays, « hich j
were ordered; and being yeas 103, nays 75, tbs
House detei mined that there should be a call.
After proceeding for some time, on motion of
Mr. CAMBRELENG, thecal! was dispensed with,
and Mr. C. withdrew his proposition.
The question on the duelling report was then an-
nounced by the Chair.
It was, on the motion of Mr. TOUCEY, under
the direction of the committee, to print the report
and testimony, with the substitute of Mr. Adams,
to recommit with certain instructions, to report the
facts, "without comments or arguments," to which
Mr. LOOMIS moved the following amendment:
"except as to the question of a breach of privilege "
The pending question was on the amendment of
Mi Siels-y to Mr Loomjs"a, as follows-
"And on that subject, that they report the names
of every member, who aided, assisted, or abetted in
the duel, which resulted in the death of Mr. Cm-
ley, and report as soon as possible "
Mr UNDERWOOD was proceeding m his re-
marks, when he was arrested by the CHAIR for
going into a wide scope of discussion Mr U
took an appeal f om the decision of the Chair., and
argued it for some time, on the ground that the
amendment of Mr Siblev did open the whole sub-
ject, and asked for the \ eas and nays on the ap-
peal, which were ordered
The point was discussed by Messrs. MERCER,
and READ, when, after some conversation be-
tween the Chair and Mr. U. the subject was drop-
ped
Mr U. then proceeded to argue against the
power of the House t« punish for sending a chat
lengc to a member to fight a due', or to punish a
member for fighting a duel, since it did not violate
the privileges of the members, as given them by the
Constitution, and that, as against Mr. Sibley's
amendment, if the IIousp could not punish the
principals, it could not punish the aiders and abet-
tor*.. Hence he contended that the best disposition
which could be made of this subject was to post-
pone it indefinitely. If, howevei, the House was
determined to punish the one, it should go on to
punish tne others; for the man who loaded the gun
\i as as guilty as ho who fired it, the aiders and abet-
ters as the principals and seconds, though Mr. U.
was opposed to the whole proceeding
Mr THOMAS, afier some explanatory remarks,
stating the object of the motion to be to postpone it
for future action, as it could be called up by a bare
majority, moved to lay the report and accompa-
nying documents on the table, and print them.
Mr T asked for the yeas and nays, which were
ordered.
Mr JENIFER called for a division of the ques-
tion on laying on the table and printing
Mr. GRANT moved a call of the House  last.
The question was then taken and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 102, nays 76, as fallows-
YBA9— Webori Tolm W Allen, Andrews, Athertnn,
Aycnpg Burne Ilickritl, Brdsall Boon Biodheal, Bronson,
Cambrelen¿ Willi im IJ rampbolt, John Oamobell, Casey,
Chapnun, Clark, Cloteiarul, Clowney, Coles Conrioi, Craig,
11ary, Crockett, Cushman Dcbtrry, DcCrafr, Dniiran, I>urm,
rdwards, Tarrington I'oster Try, Gallup, James Garland Rice
Garland, Grantland, Grant, Gray, Griffin, Haley, Hatsted, Ha
mer Harrison, Hawkins, Haynes Hokty, Holt, Howard, Wit
liara H Iluntci Robert M T Hunter Ingham, Thomas B
I icksoa, r,athamel Iones, lohn W Jones, Kemble Klmgen
sin th, legaix, LfMlbaier, Lewis, I ooroi , J yon, James ¡M
\fi< ri Martin Maury McK^y, Robert McCletlan, Abraham
McCkllm Mctlme, Miller Montgomery, Moare, Murray,
IsoMe Owens, Pilmei, Parker, Paimentar, Pennybacker.
Potnkin, Phelps Pietitjs3, Kheit, ttivta Au ustme II SiK-L
peril Challes bhepard.Shielrl Snvdat, Spmcei Smart, stone,
Tavlo>,Thoma«, Titus, Turney Unrlerwooi, Vail, Warner,
Wcbjter W«lr, Albeit S While, Thomas T WhltSesey,
JaietlW Wtllian s aud Jo«e M  Williams—102
> \\-,—Mcsrs AO >nw, Alexander, Ileman Allen, IJeettj
i, ti J> dille, Bn_irs Wiiliarr B Calhoun, J.itiri Calhoon, Car
h.i C imbuís, < '«.atliam, Childs, Coffin, Coram, Oranstor,
C in «,Cit,nn«, Uar'irw tn Davieq Dennik, Lverett, R^h-ird
n t h i I illmore Ooodc James Giaham, WU j im Graham
ilill II i a i nvupci Hamuli's, lierod, HoDk.ns, Ilnble/
Ji.lifer Hcmy "ihns n Vm Ctst Johnson K«m Kennedy
Imco'n.I -tí fl-i \ ii ^m on Mason McKennin Met (fee,
Mmrp ^ril i—i ( 1 ary M m Nove , Osie P-> erson
Pu k Pi e Po i Pit Rinden, It wd> ph, i ce t, Ti 0."
w\ !( er m Pin \, Iltt=-e, , ¡- i ^nt - he <-ib
' y °iii Sou , te S nlr Maltón "> lafeiro Tilim 
i-i'i V itrlhi V"i e E1 sh- V. lutt'esev, Lewii Wll
tun, lt-rrou WiUi^n-, Lliristopherll Williaim ->«vJ ¥orl 
—lb
fo the whole subject was laid en the labie; and
th" qoe-tion recurrí ig on the motion to print,
Mr PETRIKtN then rose and said that, in or-
der to put an end to this interminable debate on
