'■-     ................................... -
would eventually turn out to be sound and solvent,
and he would therefore wait awhile, until they had an
opportunity  f giving some evidence of it. He be-
lieved the terms of the substitute proposed by the
Senator from Missouri were too rigid. He did not
know how far the banks could stand the payment
of their five dollar notes, and to require them not
to trade in the notes of the banks that did not pay
specie, would be a hard provision, and perhaps de-
stroy their business altogether. Under these cir-
cumstances, he would move that the whole subject
be postponed for the purpose of giving it a suffi-
cient examination, and in the mean time'he wished
the amendments of the Senators from Missouri and
New Hampshire [Messrs. Benton and Hubbard]
to be printed.
Mr. HUBBAED believed that the Bank of
Washington was paying specie on all its notes.
He was prepared to act on the bill now, but if it
was the general sense of the Senate not to act on
it at this time, he was willing to lay it on the table,
or, by passing his substitute, leave the banks in
their present situation until Congress thought pro-
per to act definitively with regard to them. He
would observe, however, that it was not his inten-
tion to press his substitute without the approbation
of the committee who reported the bill.
Mr. TIPTON was opposed to the motion of the
Senator from Tennessee to postpone the*biil. The
bill was a very important one in regard to the busi-
ness of the District of Columbia—it had been pre-
pared with great care by the committee, and was
supposed, by its friends, to be as liberal a proposi-
tion as the Senate would be willing to pass. The
Senator from New Hampshire, supposing that the
Senate would not be willing to come up to this mea-
sure, proposed to charter these banks during the
pleasure of Congress; and they had been told that
too much of the session had gone by to act on the
subject. This he could not agree to, fur repeated
examinations had been made of the affairs of these
banks, and their condition was sufficiently under-
stood to act with iegard to them at unce. If they
postponed the subject further, what would the peo-
ple of this District have to hope for? Their situa-
tion was bad enough now, and further suspense
would make it worse. Every one acquainted with
the business of banking knew that, for the last
twenty years, the conduct of many of them had
been bad enough, yet it was not just, because some
of them had done wrong, to denounce the whole of
them—the good as well as. the bad. One of the
banks of this District (the Bank of Washington)
'Was, as the Senator from New Hampshire inform-
ed them, already paying specie, and, therefore,
there ought to be no difficulty with regard to that
institution. If there was a bank that had conduct-
ed itself improperly, he was for investigating its
conduct, and for treating it accordingly; but the
banks whose conduct was good, certainly deserved
some credit. He hoped the round and sweeping
denunciations of gentlemen against all the banks
would not have any weight on the Senator. He
was against all postponement, and he wished to
hear all that could be said on both sides of the ques-
tion, and particularly he wished to hear the views
of those gentlemen who were opposed to the banks.
Mr. BENTON repudiated the idea that the
Bank of Washington could be denominated a
specie paying bank. It was better to let them
know at once that Senators in their characters of
legislators were Fnot to be bamboozled by such re-
presentations. He'had been in this city for five or
six months, and had never seen a note of that bank
in circulation, nor did he know any of his friends
that had. What he understood by specie paying
banks, were those institutions that had circularon,
and redeemed that circulation when called on: was
it the casein thcinstanee alluded to? He thought
that bank more culpable than any of the others,
because it acted as a kind of conductor through
which the trash in the shape ol'm.mey from abroad
was. foisted upon the people, while that bank was
called a specie paying bank. Mr. B. expressed j¡
his readiness to meet this question at any lime, ;j
and said he was prepared to show that the banking j
business of this country as it was transacted, v. as j
fraught with danger to the community. That all
the sympathies of Congress seemed in favor of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
banks, while the community ware never thought of
in the matter. His [Mr. B's] sympathies were for
the community, and he would endeavor to defend
that interest from the machinations of all banks
that did not redeem their notes at the will of the
holder.
Mr. TIPTON observed that the Senator from
Missouri and himself differed very widely in their
opinions on the subjects of banks and banking.
The Bank of Washington, which redeemed its
notes in specie, the Senator looked upon as the
very worst of all banks, and at the same time was
very strong in his denunciations of the banks that
did not pay. Now he [Mr. T.] did not underhand
this, Fie looked with as much abhorrence on the
excessive issues of banks, and an irredeemable
currency, as the Senator from Missouri did; but it
did not seem to him that the banks of this District
were liable to censure on this score. He did not,
however, justify the banks for the violation of their
charters, but thought that their conduct was bad
enough. He was for continuing the charters of
the banks of the District of Columbia, and of all
other banks that resume specie payments and con-
tinue payment in good faith; and if these banks
should resume simultaneously with the banks of
Philadelphia and Baltimore, he would be satisfied.
This was all he contended for, and he hoped the
Senate would not give the question the go-by.
After some remarks from Messrs. GRUNDY,
HUBBARD, NILES, and ROANE,
Mr. DAVIS was opposed to the postponement
for very obvious reasons. Congress had caused
investigation after investigation into the affairs of
these banks, and therefore they could not obtain ad-
ditional information by any further delay. All
these investigations had resulted much to the cre-
dit of the District banks. It was now said that
they were not prepared to act, and a sort of rod
in pickle was kept in store for thesis banks, which,
in his judgment operated injuriously on them, and
consequently, on the community, At the extra
session, a bill was brought in to repeal their char-
ters, provided they did not resume payment in sixty
days, the effect of which was to stop their discounts,
and injure materially the business of the District.
And ju t so long as this subject was kept in agita-
tion, and the charters of these banks in a state of
suspense, this state of things must necessarily ex-
ist, to the great injury of the people of this District.
The Senator from Missouri condemned strongly
the conduct of the specie-paying banks, as well as
the conduct of those that did not pay, and therefore
it would be perfectly vain for them to hope to gain
the approbation of gentlemen who used such argu-
ments. Again: it was urged that there was no
time specified in the bill by which it was made im-
perative on these banks to resume. Now he ap-
prehended such was not the fact, for the bdl pro-
vided that when the bank? of Richmond and Balti-
more resumed, these banks should also resume, or
forfeit their charters. If they compelled the Dis-
trict bands to resume before the above named
hanks did, they must necessarily cease to transact
business, or transact it at a loss.
Mr. BENTON apprehended that the Senrtor
from Massachusetts did not hear his remarks, other-
wise he would not have represented him as opposed
to a bank paving specie. The bank of winch he
[Mr. B.] spoke purported to pay specie for its
notes, while it had not a dollar in circulation.
This was an assumption which had no foundation.
Mr. DAVIS said the gentleman from Missouri
was correct in the explanation of ihc purport of his
remarks, and he so understood him at the time.
He agreed, too, with the Senator, that a back
which purported to pay specie on demand while it
had no circulation, was a sort of a humbug.
Mr. BENTON.    Yes, sir, a perfect humbug.
Mr. BUCHANAN thought himself that this was
an appropriate time to act on the subject one way
or the other; but as it was after four o'clock, and as
he should like to examine into the principios not
only of the bill, cut of the two substitutes proposed
by the Stnators from Missouri and New Hamp-
shire, he thought it better to lay the subject o>?er
informally until to-morrow, and proceed then to the
consideration of Executive business, of which there
361
I   was some on the table that ought to be attended to
speedily.
I .    On motion of Mr. BUGS AN AN, the Senate
went into the consideration of Executive business;
after which,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday-, May 11, 1838.
Mr. BOULDIN called the attention of the House
to an error in the list of votes in the morning pa-
péis, and in the vote book of the House, which he
was well assured, was accidental. He was repre-
sented to have vc ted on the duelling propositions
yesterday, whereas he was temporarily out out of
his seat when those votes were taken. He took
that opportunity to s,iy, that had he been present,
should have voted against laying the subject en the
table, and in favor of the printing.
Tne error was ordeied to be corrected by the
Clerk,
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina asked leave
to offer the following resolutions, which were re-
ceived :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be furnished for the infor-
mation of this House, the names of Topographical
and Assistant Topographical Engmeas who, dur-
ing any time in 1837, have been employed on civil
works of internal improvement;distinguishing first
such works as may be required to be executed by
the General Government pursuant to acts of Con-
gress; seeond, such civil works as may be prose-
cuted by the State Governments, or under the au-
, thonty of incorporated companies, specifying un-
der each class the description and location of each
particular work.
Resolved, That the President of the United State:;
be requested to cause to be furnished for the infor-
mation of this House, a statement in such lbim as
will exhibit at one view the sums expended in 183™
on the several objects of internal improvement,
specifying the description, use, and location of
each work; in what State or Territory situated; the
amount expended on each object; the name of the
officer, superintendent, or agent employed; the
amount of compensation of every description al-
lowed him; whether an officer of any corps of the
army, or a civilian; if the Litter, specify his pro-
lession and avocation, and when employed by the
Government.
Resolved, That the President of the United State-.-,
be requested to cause to be furnished, lor the in-
formation of this House, the names of the Topo-
graphical Engineers who have been serving with
the army in Florida during the recent campaign.
Also, the names of such officers of that corps as
may have been employed, or are intended to le
employed, the ensuing season, on any civil works
of internal improvement, specifying the descrip-
tion and location of each work; distinguishing,
also, Mich as may be under the direction of the
General Government from those prosecuted by
the States or by incorporated companies.
Resolved, Thai the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be furnished, for the in-
formation of this House, the names of all Civil
Engineers and superintendents or agents now em-
ployed, or intended to be employed in 1838, on
civil works of internal improvement of any kind
whatever, .specifying the description and location of
each work, and in what Stats or Territory situated;
the amount contemplated to be expended on each
object; th  amount or rate of compensation allow-
ed, or to be allowed, to each civil engineer, super-
intendent, or agent; and if compensation be allow-
ed at this time, state when the pay commenced, the
funds from which drawn, and whether- the rates be
a per diem ora per annum.
The resolutions, under the rule, lie over one day
for consideration.
Mr. GRAVES moved to print 520,000 extra co-
pies of the testimony and journal of the Se'^ct
Committee of Investigation on the late duel; which
was agreed to.
Mr. CRAIG asked leave to present a petition or
resolution for a post route; but it was objected to
