CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE. •                                              365
of the United States Bank, which; he said, would
yield four millions of dollars, and would fill up the
gap in. the resources of the Treasury, which would
render it unnecessary to recur to the doubtful and
dangerous expedient now under consideration. He
concluded by again protesting against assuming to
the Government ¡he credit of the returning prospe-
rity of the country, which was no more attributa-
ble to them than the rise of the tides or the revolu-
tions of the planets.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, spoke at
length in relation to the unconstitutionality and in-
expediency of the mensure, which he considered of
an infinitely prejudicial and injurious tendency.
He explained the nature of bills of credit, and con-
tended that these ncles were bills of credit; and
that, if they were in conformity with the Constitu-
tion, every Stale Government might issue similar
note*?. He intimated a proposition, which he said
he should not move, but if it could be done by the
friends of the Administration, he would pledge him-
self and many of his friends to vote for it; that
was, if the Government was suffering from pecu-
niary embarrassment, to make a loan, directly and
properly, in England or Germany, if it could not
not be done in this country in the ,:otes of specic-
paying banks; and he went at length into a consi-
deration of many commercial and financial sub-
jects.
Before Mr. T. had concluded, he gave way to
Mr. UNDERWOOD, who moved that the com-
mittee rise, which was agreed to—55 to 53; and the
committee rose and reported.
Mr. BRIGGS moved au adjournment.
Mr. PETRIKIN called for ths yeas and nays,
which were ordeied.
Mr. H V.YNES moved a call of the House, but
the first motion taking precedence was taken, and
decided in the aifirmativs—yeas 71, nays CD;
And so the House adjourned.
,              IN SENATE,
Friday, May 11, 1838.
Mr. PIERCE presented a memorial from Am-
heist,New Hampshire, signed by 41 citizens of that
town, whom he said he knew to be persons of in-
telligence and respectability, remonstrating against
the execution of the late Cherokee treaty: laid on
the table.
Messrs. MORRIS, NILES, SOUTHARD and
DAVIS also presented memorials on the same
subject, which were disposed of in a like manner.
Mr. DAVIS presented the resolutions of the le-
gislature of Massachusetts, in opposition to the an-
__negation of Texas to the Union; which were laid on
the table.
Mr. MERRICK presented Hie petition of Mrs.
Ann Pccityman, of Baltimore, praying for a pul-
sion in consideration of the military services of hei
iate husband during the last war with Great Britain:
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRESTON presented the petition of snndiy
eitizwis of South Carolina, praying for the esta-
blishment of a new post route: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of sundry
citizens of Delaware county, Ohio, relating to the
Wyoming sufferers, which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Abo, the memorial of sundry citizens of Medina,
Ohio, asking a modification of the post office law
in reference to the transmission of newspaper* by
mail: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. PRESTON  presented the petition of Ann
' Piukman, praying a pension covnpenc.at.ion for the ;
Revolutionary  services of her late husband: íefer- '
red to the Coramitiee on Revolutionary Claims.       |
Mr. MOUTON, on leave, introduced a biú au- j
thorizing goods, wares and merchasdise imported |
into the United States to be warehoused: read twice :
and referred to the Committee en. Finance.              1
Mr..RIVES, on leave, introduced a bill for the i
reorganization of the Marine Corps; which was read
twice and referred to  the Committee on Naval j
Affairs.                                                                     I
Mr. HUBBARD,-from the Committee on Claims,
Jo. which was referred the resolution to retain copies
of original papers that may be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, reported the same as amended,
and, on motion of Mr. H. the resolution was consi-
dered, and, with the amendment, agreed to.
Mr. H. from the same committee, to which had
been referred the bill for the relief of William Ben-
nett, the bill for the relief of John Richie, and the
bill for the relief of John L. Scott, reported the same
severally, without amendment, and recommending
that they be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. H. from the same committee, reported fa-
vorably on the bill for the relief of David McNair.
On motion of Mr. H the same committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the me-
morial of Pierre Menard and others.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of Joseph Pax-
ton, reported a bill for his relief; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. LINN,
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Senate be au-
thorized to deliver to the Secretary of the Treasury,
for the use of his office, one copy of the American
State Papers, title Public Lands, published by Duff
Green.
Mr. ROBBINS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, Tnat the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to repoit to the Senate, as so^n as conve-
niently may be, the amount of goods imported into
the United Stales on and from the 10th day of May,
1837, up to the 10th day of May, 1838.
Also, the amount of duties received and to be
received on said importations for and during the
same period.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON, the bill for the
relief or'Hard and Longstreet was taken up and
considered as m Committee of the Whole; and,
after being explained and advocated bv Messrs.
PRESTON and ROBINSON, it was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
The report of the Committee on Indian Affairs
on the subject of the letter of the Secretary of War
recommending the survey and assignment of the
lands west of the Mississippi, set apart for the emi-
grant Indians, adverse to the proposition contained
in said letter, was considered and concurred in.
The report of the Committee on Naval Affairs
unfavorable to the petition of William Bellason,
was considered and concurred in; but subsequently,
on the motion of Mr. MERRICK, the Senate
agreed to reconsider the vote, and the report was
asan laid on the table.
T. "• bill for the relief of Anthony Gale was
I.)ken up, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and, on motion of Mr. KING it was inde-
finitely postponed.
DISTRICT BANKS.
The bill to continue the corporate existence of
the banks of the District of Columbia was taken up
as the unfinished business,
Mr. NILES spoke for some time against the
dangerous tendency of these chartered moneyed
monopolies, which were fraught with injury to the
community at large. He thought when they pre-
sented themselves to Congress to ask a renewal of
thfi.r charters, that they should at least come with
clean hands. Was this the case in the present in-
stance'! lie thought not. These banks had sus-
pended; he cared not whether from political mo-
tives, or from their own rottenness; but it was
plain that they had twice suspended, and he was
for going into the conduct of institutions that
should be held responsible to the people for their
lair and open dealing.
Mr. N. said it was as necessary to look back to
see how the affairs of these banks had bean con-
ducted, a-5 to look into their present condition.
Some of them, he said, had depreciated their own
stock, and gone into the market to purchase it ftp a
reduced prices to the great loss of individuals. Yes,
the directors of one of these banks, with a full
knowledge of the state of their finances, and from
which tile public were shut out, had obtained the
slock at forty, fifty, and sixty dollars in the hun-
dred, from the innocent holders, many of whom
were widows and orphans, and now came to Con
gress to ask us to renew their charters, by which
the very stock would be brought up to par value.
Under such circumstances, were they to do it,
" would it not be in a manner consummating their
fraud? Mr. N. contended that the banks had pro-
fited largely by their own abuses. He had been
told in some cases, even aiter the suspension had
taken place, that large additional issues had been
made for the very purpose of being bought up.
Mr. N. read from a report of a committee of the
House of Representatives, drawn up by Mr. Tho-
mas, the chairman, and some of the testimony
taken on that occasion, to prove what had been
charged upon them. He referred to the testimony
of Wm. Jewell, of Georgetown, a director in the
Farmeis arid Mechanics Bank in that place, and
to that of Mr. Todd and others, directors in (he
city banks. He did not know that the report did
apply to all the banks; but it certainly did to some
of them. Before these institutions were rechartered
it became the duty of the Senate to look well into
their conduct.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that he should be
pleased to vote for this bill, and should vote for it,
if it was placed in such a condition as he thought
it ought to be. Pie could not, and would not, vote
for it as it stood at present. Without troubling the
Senate at length with any remarks, he intended to
propose two or three amendments, which he deem-
ed cardinal, and if they failed, so far as his indi-
vidual voice was concerned, the bill should be re-
jected. In the first place, he would move to strike
out the second section of the bill, which was as fol-
lows:
Sec. 2. Jlml lie it further enacted, That the ca-
pital stock of the said bank shall not exceed five
hundred thousand dollars, to be divided into twen-
ty-five thousand shares of twenty dollars each; that
certificate? of stock shall be issued for the capital
now actually paid in at that iate; and that, from
time to time, as new shares may be subscribed for,
prior to the first day of January, eighteen hundred
and thirty-nine, certificates therefor may be issued
a; that rate per share: Provided, The same shall
be paid in specie.
fie did not wish to introduce any general politi-
cal topics into this small discussion; but he appeal-
ed to gentlemen of all sides whether three millions
of capital was not enormous for a District contain-
ing 38,000 people, with very little commerce, agri-
culture, or manufactures. The single county in
which he resided contained more than double the
population of thi? District, and it was emphatically
commercial all along the banks of the Susquehan-
na river; and yet, if it were proposed to give to
that county three millions of banking capital, the
people would he startled. The capital of these
banks 'was already too great, though he did not
propose to diminish it. His sififte purpose in mov-
ing to state out this section whs to ascertain whe-
ther the Senate was willmo to increase the capital
of these j,'200,008. There were then one or two
other amendments which he proposed to offer, af-
ter the question on this was decided.
Mr. ROANE was opposed to striking out the
second section. It granted to the bank the capi-
tal it now had, and gave it an opportunity of in-
creasing its capital to the amount of $500,000.
By a reference to the document on the table, it
would be seen what was the actual capital of these
banks. He took it for granted there would be no
danger in increasing their stock, as it would not be
taken up, unless it snould be found to be a profitable
investment. There was one thing in the memorial
of this bank that struck him. They looked forward
to new sources of piospentym the trade that will
be opened by the completion of their great canal.
The District, would then probably have a consi-
derable commetce, and it struck him that the
capital, limited as it was in the bill, was not too
large. Mr. R. explained that the stock of this
bank was originally $500,000, but it had been
lessened by taking it in payment of debts due it.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that, as this was a test
question, he would ask for the yeas and nays on it.
They were accordingly ordered.
After some remarks from Mr. WILLIAMS,
Mr. HUBBARD said he was sorry when the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Roans] so strenu-
ously opposed the amendment. It was certainly
a new thing to him for a corporation to purchase
in its own stock.   All  the object of  the Senate '
