366
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from Pennsylvania was to lim t tae capital to what
ib now used m the practical operations of the msli-
tut on , and all he waut il was to have the second
section so amended as to pioiiucc that result
Should it herear ei h i¡ pen, either fion a d,scon-
t auarce of oiher laals, or from the increased
business oe the V strict, that more capita! can be
«i-efi 1> employed, Congress would no doubt autho-
r ¿e ike necessity mciepse The Senator fiom Con-
reciuat [Mr ¡Nili-s] hai quo,ed iron the lepo t
made in the House of Representatives, showing
gross miscondjct on the p^rl of these banks But
tne Senator might have found a report emanating
iro n a committee of this body, which gaie a very
d fferent chaiacter to these institutions That
leponsnowtd v hat «as the cause of the suspen-
ses that had b -n so much censustd, and the
conduct of 11- banks under it In snort, the com-
mittee, after the fu'lest imestigaticn, expres'-cd tne
opinion that these barias utn. saft, soun 1, an 1
soHent, ind ojght lo be recnaitered This opinio i,
hf belieied, was tnat geneial'y entertained by the
c u/ens of this Distuct Mi H spoke veiy favoi-
abiy of the conduct of the B-ink of W isbmgton m
sje'Cie pavmtnls, and said that this bank at least
was not 1 able lo the censures that had been cast
on the Innks of t< e Disfi i
Mr KING sud ae .v^s ,i me nbei of tl is co li-
ra tee, and he, iije' u h others of the same
committeeVpdui.en i'i = iojectp ihoion<,h«am ni-
tiLn At the line I *<s nudi prejudiced
igiinst thtsc iii-tiiut ms fn n reasons wbicu he
had heir', an 1 c )" >iuuith, had taken parucul ir
caie to seen net'er any pol tieal or o hen impro-
pu influence ' ad be r> made to operate on the e
banks, and so ¡pi as h° «as concerned, he would
take o n n i*t,f to rsst.it unequivocally, th it no
ucli motiv s ci ulj b° found The director, an I
o 1 cr3 concerned took e\eiy itep to «alisfy the com-
iv nee in rout on to thtn business at the une oí
ait tempo i , u pension alaidul to by the Senator
irumC rn"etuut He'bought that gentlemrn must
be entirely in staken, when he said.thdt these banks
weie purchasing up t! en ov n notes at a discount,
on the contrary, he thought it would be seen, that
thej -were endeavoring to legulate their affairs in
the best mpnnei for the interests ot th  stockhold-
ers, and that when their notes were at a discount
they had t, nen the pams to assure the holders of
them, that their cond non was safe
Mr K also aprehended that the Senator was
equally mistaken m relation to the ■nock said to
have been purchased up He might be wrong, but
he tnouslit it Hou'd be found, that in relation to
tnat rnai'er, that individuals in debt to the banks,
had agreed th it the banks should take their Stock
m payment of their d'bt, at par value, and thus it
was that their capital in many instances had been
¡educed
Mr K went much m detail in relation to all the
matte-is connected with the bill, and said he beLeved
it piepared with much caution, and to be as well
guarded as any olherin the country He express
ed a wish that the Sena'e would take up th^ bill,
with a view to a d the people of this uiifouuna'e
<i strict in their present enbnirass nent, and njt pu -
ir t then minds to be imp ,optrlj p-cjudiced again t
the°e institutions
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that so far as he
was concerned, this bill should cither pass to-day,
or be rejected He did * ot wish the subject debj-
cd Every Senatd understood the «ul ject, and b"
si ou'd the-efore limit himself to offering a fi iv
pmerdments, and explaining the r cbject Tle
Senator from JNew Hampshire thought they frd
better p-esen e l! e second sect on lie thought
u'heivuss It j roy ded for n w s'oek, and re
vantel tha o.' stt e ' ard tHe < d stockholders to
i ninas thet no v "ci ,rn' to prohibit mem
fiom go *>, o-yond t  Inestoch was now $334,000,
,i 1 e moioc' to make it £335,013
Afer son e'emarks fiom M'S-rs WEBbIL*l
and WILLI VMS-
Mr LU CHANA In said he should not r ply to
i-e lcmarks of the Senator Horn Mdnhvd, farmer
uiin fo say thathe thought that if he -would m^uu te
a comparison between the banking capital of ai y
State in the Union and that m this Di'tuct, when
jt will have  three  millions of  dollars, he  will
find a difference of more than forty pel cent.
Mr B d'd most solemnly believe that the banking
capital of this District was already too large. The
banks themselves had found that the amount they
hell would not be profitable, and therefore they
took it in, m payment of debts due them. He was
willing to take them as they now were, to give them
the cap.tals which they had fixed upon themselvps,
And if there should be an increase of business in
this District, a state t  things which no man w ished
to see more than hm.telf, then it would be time for
Congress to increase their capitals, as it no doubt
would Besides, though he was not about to con-
demn these banks, he did not ihmk their conduct
had been such as to give them any claims for an
uicrea«e of stock As to the Patriotic Bank, he
would have no objection to giving them a capital of
$200,000. But he would be unwilling to go be-
yond that amount, or to give to a population of the
size of that comprised within this District, a bank-
ing capital of three millions of dollars.
Mr MERRICK advocated the renewal of the
charters of the several banks He thought the
amount of capital asked for was not too much for
the business concerns of this great and growing
Distuct It did not, m his opinion, hear a com-
parison with that employed in other parts of the
Union of like population and business It wis to
Le recollected that in th s District Here weie lineo
growing c ties, the commerce and inland trade of
two if which, Geoigetown and Alexandria, were
grtatlj on the incicase, and when he looked for-
ward to the woi Its of internal improvement which
in a few y errs would be finished, there would be a
still gieater demand for bank capita!. The whole
subject in relation to these banks had been so fully
and so fairlj set before the Senate by the Senator
fiom Alabama [Mr. King] as to leave little more
to be said by Mr M He concluded by expressing
a 1 ppe that the wishes of the people might be
acceded lo
Mr. DAVIS spoke generally in favor of the re-
re val oC these charters, and went at large into the
piactice of banking, as pursued m his own State
With regaid to the details of the bill, and the
amount of capital necessary, it would depend on
the amount of business. He thought it a much
gieater injury to have the capita! too small than
too large, a small amount of capital to do a large
business would give a monopoly to ihe few So far
as his experience went, he thought the safer and
best mode to pursue, to secme all the benefits of
banking to a community, was i large amount of
cap,tal vested in several institutions, in which c?se
crmpetit'on was excited, and each one stood on its
good behavior In his State experience had justi-
fied making a number ot banks rather than crea-
ting one with an immense amount of capital. Mr
D contended that hanks could have no motive
to purchase up their own stock, as had been sug-
gested by the Senaior from Connecticut
After some remarks from Mr. HUBBARD,
Vr BUCHANAN said he -tas Willing to ac-
commodate the Senator fron New Hampshire,
pnd theiefor" h" would modify his mj> on, so as to
I'll" the second section n the bill, ami to aoiend
h bj making the cipita! of tin-, bmk ^,335,001), to
be divided into 16,750 shares, of §30 dollars each,
ins tad of a capital of §500,000, dit 'ded into
20,000 shares of the same amount
Mr SOUTHARD said that he was a member
of the same committee with the Senator from Ala-
bama, and well lecollected the cave with which
the i hole matter was looked into by every member
of ihat committee, many or whom were deep
ly prejudiced, and none he believe 1 entirely
free from it That invest gation had resuhed in
the full and enure conv clion that there was no
j list gionnd of censurt, ei'it ps ii political mo-
lt res, or any inter ion on ihe par> Ot the stock-
lu'ders or agents of the banks to d-'raa] or injure
tos pab! c, that if here v ere an, iau'ts l'x y were
t! ose only common t) pecuniary iren Ii the
couioe of the debate allusions had been made to
all the 1 anks applj ing at the  arne time ioi their
cha t r This was not ihe fault of the institutions,
but the wi'i of Congress thatdesired toso place them
that the charters should expire at the same time
Mr S found nothing to condena in the practice
of the banks taking their own stock. Individuals
that wanted money sometimes pledged it as colla-
feral security, in ad of other securities for the ac-
commodations, they wanted, and failing to pay
their notes the bant took the stock.
Mr. S thought tke amount of capital asked for
not too large, there were two banks in Alexandria,
and two in Georgetown, whose capital was scarce-
ly adequate for the accommodation neces&ary to
the wants of the increased business, the growing
commerce, and inland trade of those two thriving
and flourishing towns. Mr. S. had heard a bank
in this city condemned because it was a specie-
paying bank. There was, to his mind, a strange
inconsistency on the partof certain Senators in rela-
tion to these matters At one time the banks were
denounced en masse as swindling, fraudulent con-
cerns, since which, the banks of New York had
contracted their circulation, .and became specie-
paying banks, and were lauded to ihe skies as wor-
thy of all imitation, while the Bank of Washington
in this city, which had puisued the same plan, and
by prudently curtailing its circulation, was enabled
to redeem its notes, is denounced as the most cul-
pable of all, and we have been tüd ihat the Senate
was not to be "hmjihoosled" by such a pretension.
' Bamboozled," he did not know the meaning of the
word, unles-s from the sense in which it had been
applied; nor did he know from what lexicographei
it was derived
Mr BENTON observed, in reply, that he h?cl
an authority before him which might be servicea-
ble on the present occasion, and he saw no reason
why he should not use it; especially when by
doing so he could enlighten a member of that
body Whenever he could speak from a book he
liked to do it, and if he did not speak like a book,
he was always glad to speak from one. The Sena-
tor from New Jersey [Mr. Southard] had taken
notice of a word which he [Mr. £.] used three
times yesteiday, with a full knowledge of its mean-
ing, and with a knowledge, also, that it was to be
fonud m the best authors m the English language.
As the Senator professed not to know the meaning
of the vi ord, he would read for his information the
definition of it in Johnson's Dictionary. Mr. B.
then read
" Bamboozle, v a to deceive, lo impose upon, to
confound "
Then, said Mr B. theie is appended to this defi-
nition an illustration, taken from Dr. Arbuthnor,
who, though a very able and celebrated wnter,
w¿$ not a voluminous one. The illustration was
somewhat curious, and perhaps susceptible of pre-
sent application ; it was in these words .
" Jlfter Melt had bamboozled about the money, John
called for the counters "
Then, said Mr B. after the veib active, is the sub-
stantive, "o bamboozler," defined as "atneky fel-
loio, ackeut," and the illustration fiom the same
author is "there are a set of fellows called banlereis
anil bamboazlers lhal play suc'i tricks "
Yas, sir, said Mr B "J\"icL" has bamboozled us
about the money to some purpose, and when a
'Set of fellows plajed such t.icks" as *o pre'end to
pay specie for their notes while thej had no no es
in circulation, it was not out of the v ay to ca'l
them "bamboo/lcrs " When he used the word
yesterday, he meant it to imply that a deception
had been practised—the thing which was not. He
us-d it in reference to a bank which purported to
pay specie for its note3 whi e it had none ,n circu-
lation, and he should, as an officer ot tne Govern-
ment, acting under the deposite law, or as a legis-
lator, tell any bmk which came before bun repre-
senting itself as a specie-paying bank, while a ha I
no nofes rut to paj, that it did not tell the tru'b, he
shookl let it J.now that it was a < bamboozhr,"
whether its name was 'Wici" or not. As to the
tnflmg anion, t of the notes of this bank which the
Sen, oi from Ne v Jersey represented its books
s^ok as outstan ling, he presumed thit it was the
smill amount which had been lost in the hands of
the draymen and the washerwomen, and were
never to com? in at all; be ng so far a clear gam
to the bank. He spoke to a Senate which had been
five mont'is in e\is'ence, an 1 he as'sed ot its mem-
bers if ihey ever saw any of the notes of this bank?
Our checks, said he, go to it every day, and Í      /
