CONGRESSIONAL
25th Cong.........2nd Seís.
MONDAY, MAY 21, 1838.
Volume 6.......No. 24.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $\ PER SESSION.
[Continued from No. 23 ]
rested m the navigation of the Alleghany, had not
been heard from Mr B said the district which
he represented had a more immediate interest than
that of any other representative on that floor, save
that of his colleague, [Mr Plombr] who was con-
fined by illness to his room at home, and was una-
ble, from excessive debility, to be in his place He
would observe to the gentleman from Virginia, that
that State had an interest of no ordinary magnitude
in the navigation of this stream, but as that gentle-
man resided m Eastern Virginia, his views, mignt
not have been directed to that portion of the State
west of the Alleghany mountains The vision of
many gentlemen on that floor never reached be
yond the barrier of the Alleghany mountains as
the back bone, it obstructed their view, and op-
posed" an insurmountable barrier to the liberal ope-
ration of their minds The tide of emigration, Mr
B. said, had set to that quarter, and the day was
not distant when the people west of the mountains
would hold such a position m the House as would
tend to enlarge the views of gentlemen He had
but one objection to the motion, the number was
too small. He desired to increase it, andmo\ed
to amend by inserting that thiee thousand, instead
of fifteen hundred, copies be printed, which was
agreed to
Mr. RENCHER then asked for the yeas and
nays on agreeing to the motion as thus amended,
but they were refused, and the motion was agreed to
TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. HOPKINS then asked leave to submit the
following joint resolution, with a view to icfer it
to a Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union
Resolved "by the Senate and House of Jicpi estnta-
ttves of the Untied States of America tn Cong* ess as
temblcd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to reissue, to the
amount oftwo millions of dollars, Tieasury notes
authorized "by the act approved 12th of Octobei,
1837, under the restrictions, conditions, and limita-
tions therein prescribed
Objection being made, Mr H. moved a susp r-
aon of the rules.
Mr. PECK called for tha yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. CAMBRELENG inquired of the Speaker
if the mode by which this resolution was sought to
be introduced was in conformity with the rules of
the House?
The CHAIR desired the gentleman to point out
the discrepancy, if he perceived any.
Mí. CAMBRELENG asked it a joint resolu-
tion, especially of this character, did not require
commitment to a standing committee?
The CHAIR replied that joint resolutions could
be introduced on leave, and it was for the House to
make such disposition of them as it deemed fit
The House refused to suspend the rules—jeas
68, nays 107, «s follows
YEAS—Messrs Alexander, Heman Allen, John W Allen,
Aycngg, Bell, Unidle Bond Buchanan, William li Calhoun
Joavi Calhoon, William B Carter Casey, Chambers, Clwp
mm, Childs, Clark Cleveland Coffin Cranston, Crockett,
Surtís, Cushmg, Darlington, Danes, Dennis Dunn James
Gailaoá, Rice Garland Giaves Halste I, Ifirl m Hastings,
Hawxs, Herod, Hopkins, J Jackson H Johnson Ki!CTore,
Lincoln, Jamos M Mason, Samson Mason Maury, KcKcnnan,
Meneiee, Mercer, Mitchell Morgan Noyes, Pattcison Peclc
Reed,Ttldgvray, Robinson, Ruinsey, Umsell, Sergeant bhafltr
Southgate, Stewart, Stone Taliaferro Tlllinghast Underwood
John White Lewis Williams, Joseph L Wil lams, C H
Williams, and Torito—6*
NAYS™Messrs Adams, Andrews, Atherton Beatty Beime
Bickaell, Birdsall, Brodhead, Bronson, Cambreleng, John
Campbell, Clowaey, Coles, Connor, Craig Crary, Cushman
Davee, Deberry DeGraff, Dromgojle, Duncan Edw-uds,
Elmore, Everett, Tamngton Tairfiel i Filmore, Fiy Glas
cock, Soode, Wm Graham, Grant Griffin Haley, Hammond
Hamer, Hawkins, Hayne  Henry, Holsoy. Holt, Howard
Hubley, Robert M T Hunter, Ingham, Th Jmas B Jackson
Joseph Johnson, N Jone* Jotra W Jones Keim Kennedy,
Klingensmith Legar , Leadbetter, Lewis, Logan Marvin May
McKay, R MoCWIan, A McCletUn, Milligan Miller Moore,
M Morns, C Morris, Murray Nayloi Noble Owens Palmer
Parker, Paynter, Pemiyterfcer, Petrikm, Phelps, Pons, Potter,
Prentiss, Randen, R Uy, Readier, Rhett, Rires, Robertson,
AsgnttiHé H   «jopperti, Otarte* ike^ard, Sibley, 8*yd«r, U
Spencer, Stanley Strat on, Taylor, Thomas, T ompson Titus
Toucey, Vail Vanderreer, Wagener Webster, Weeks, Llibha
Whittlesey, Sherrod Williams, and Yell—107
PUBLIC  LOAN.
Mr BELL asked leave to submit a proposition
of a similar nature in another shape, as follows
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways ai d
Mean^ be mstiucted to report to the House forth-
with, a bill authorizing the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to raise, by loan or Treasury notes, the sum
of two millions of dollars, to supplv any deman 1 
upon the Treasury to meet which there are no
available means on hand
Some gentleman suggested "three millions," to
which Mr B absented
Mr GRANTLAND suggested "five millions "
Mr BELL would leave it blank, and the House
could fill up the sum, and he further modified the
resolution by omitting "sr Treasury notes "
Mr CAMBRELENG said he must object to the
introduction of this and every other proposition
which would retard the action of the House up n
the bill they were engaged on yesterday, (the Ti ea-
sury No e bill)
Mr BELL thereupon moved a suspension of
the rules , and
Mr CAMBRELENG called for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered
Mr BELL inquired of the Chair whether, if
the resolution was received, it would not be open
for amendment'!
The CHAIR replied, that if the House suspended
the rules, Ihe resolution would be open for amend-
ment, modification, rejection, discussion, etc
The question was then taken on suspen 1m ' t t
rules, and decided in the negative—yeas 82, nays
94
TREASURY NOTE BILL
On motion of Mr CAMBRELENG, the House
again resolved itsell into commitue of the Whole
on the state of the Union Mr Ingham in t ?
Chair, andiesumed the consideration ol the bill &
authoii?e a reissue of Treasury notos
Mr THOMPSON resumed his lemaiks, -inc.
argued against the constitutional! y of issuing
Treasury notes, on the ground that Congress pi s-
sessed no power not expressly given by the. Con-
stitution, or not necessarily implied in that in-
strument, and this was embraced in neither of these
piovisions Moreover, Treasury notes were ahvay ,
and would continue to be below par, and fheiefor 
he infinitely preferred the plan proposed by Mr Bí,ll
this morning for a loan, with certificates ot stock,
though he himself would not propose it, for he
was not willing to relieve the Administration of
the responsibility of bringing the country to the
piesent cusís in its fiscal concerns He insisted
that the course recommended would be producti/e
of such consequences as would hurry and drive
the people to resoit to a National Bank, without
placing round it those checks and guirds he w ould
desire to see such an institution surrounded by
Mr T then went at length into the genenl mc Us
of the currency question and the bulking -"jste-i,
and m condemnation of the policy of the Goiern
ment confining itself to hard money in alius < n
to the divorce principle, ha dwelt kr some time
upon the injuries it would inflict upon the South,
and went into a variety of details and facts m illus-
tration of this position.
Mr RHETT deprecated the course of the dis-
cussion, and referred to the statements m the Pi -
sident's Message, showing the pressing necess ty m
the financial condition of the Treasury, and he
thought it better to wait for the time when the ge
neral subject of finance should come before the
House, and, for the present, to confín  the discus-
sion to the bill immediately before the committee
He went on to show that the Government was not
bankrupt, but had abundart resources, winch
would, m four or five months, be available, but
were not so now, in. consequence of the embarrass-
ment occasioned by the explosion of the banks.
Th«   want wa  merely   a  temporary  and pre-
sent one, whih, m a few months, woull be
supplied b> the rntural increase of the reve
nue, and othei sources. He rep'ied to the
suggestioT that the measure was unconstitutional,
and referred to the practice of the Government
mvca's past, anddurng the war, when repeated
resoi t was had to the i«sue of Treasury notes, to
supp'y t e nece sit cs of the Government He
conpared li e operation to a s mple borrowing of
money, which, 'whether with interest or without,
wasapioper an 1 ctnstitutional transaction, and
he contended that it differed in no essential par-
ticular from the is uing of stock Both were pro-
mi es to p ty money at a future day, and both were
toustrtutioral Ihe question in ihe case of Mis
siun, undei tie constituí onal prohibition, that no
State snail issue b Is of credit, was a eliffeient one.
In that case, the Sta e ended oicd to ¡end money,
and to subs i ute a cicht and papei currency lor
the legal meta lie currency of tne country Heie
it is m iking a ciedit, by promises to pay at a futuie
day toi servic s pctuallj rendered It was, in
effect, borrowing money, and paying interest there
ft i Authority is given to borrow money, and t
made not difference whether it was done in thi 
shape or by the issue of stock He remarked up-
on the pioposition to sell the stock of the bank,
that it could not be done The bonds were two,
one due in one j ear, and the other in tw o years,
for tu o millions each, and they could not be sold
in time No merchants would invest their funds
lor one year'o suen rn amount, and though they
n íght bes tit to Lunpe, and negotiated there, let
i lei f1 e lian ac'm c ill b comple ed, th  Go-
\ernmuit wt nld hate suffered all its inc nv mence
md embari issment and would not then need the
ail Mi R then went onto answer the remarks
of Mr 1 io r ir,, in J at or of a permanent loan,
aad r ph d to íe argament, that ihe measuie
w ul 1 in ne the mtnest of the South He though
the d fler n' prepositions introduced into the
House, weie desgnod to cieate a diversion m
auothci qnirtr, and he lepeiled the idea
i it il crc was any lnsti' y on the part ot
ft   G ton «cat t' aids the banks, or that
ic wa ij i t*n in i to destroy the banks,
"Shi 1 ni mu t e1 fie h 1 ncvei heard
sucn an idet alvnctl, either in the House
tr t  t ne e it bid been urged that the
re i i eso ihe ounj should be p ud m gold and
« Ivor, b it th it di n t im| ly that theie should be a
e'es riK io i of th banl -, or ha exc'usive metallic
currency. The true controversy now going i n
wi Vu een the bai^s and the Government, tht
c tn talists and the people The banks had been
ca'ltd upo i by the Government to fulfil th ir con
tia"t , diev had ^cRised to do it, and, in conse
quence, ' ">d brcl i Tn  movements n the
H s , h ' lOu^h* in licat d a contmu nice of tn *
i u on tl rt oi t-c ' :inks agains* the Govern
tip if 1 tit io, ' e "s' e ! Was the evidence oi
ii v r on. fn  pi-ro1 fh< Gov rnFi nf gainst tha
bt< ks"¡ x1! cci -try had b ->n toH, frem one end
to toe o nei, 'vy Mr Bidd'e, that the Governmen*
an' t ^ b nil s were m the field, and one or the
other rau. f perm, and lhat rerrark had b*en
re pc ide 1 to by l1 e een'leman from South
CíHo'ina, [Vfi Thomisov ] The opposition to tn?
pv ent b 1, h  suppose 1, was intended to embar
'i s the Government,by refusing th supplies Tn*
peone had not suffered enough Th°y were not
yet willing t> yield to the banks, and the Govern-
ment must be prostrated, that the cry might berais
tt! of a mined Administration, and that the crowr
of the Government had been laid at the feet of tin?
mammoth M- R reierred to a previous attemp
to stop the supplies during tne l"st uar, and allti lee
to the icpi^ba ion the party, w inch attempted thi
11. iu i us measure, leeeived from the na ion If tha
IIou e w -> dispo ed to try such a measure again, W
tnen do it—let them defeat the bill, and ihen ad-
jourl and go ho ne He would be willing, un
der certain contingencies, to move an early ad
journrnenj,  and let tha people  speak  respecting
