CONGRESSIONAL (JLOBÉ.
$n
a^ae
sa*te
■Mf. STEWART to authorise the issue of Treasury
Notes to meet the immediate exigencies of the Go-
vernment.
Mr. HARPER concluded his remarks in oppo-
sition to the bill.
Mr. HA WES then followed, and continued his
observations for a few minutes, when, on account
of severe indisposition, he fainted. Upon his re-
covei y, he yielded the floor, and
Mr. DUNN proceeded to oppose the bill, and
went at length into an examination of the messages
of the President and the reports of the Secretary
of the Treasury, for some time past, upon the sub-
ject of the currency, with a view to point out in-
consistencies, and 10 prove that it had been intend-
ed from the first to establish a Government bank
and a Government currency, and that this bill was
intended, in part, to carry out that scheme.
Mr. STEWART then inquired if there was a
quorum.
The CHAIR replied it was manifest there was
not a quorum.
Mr. GOODE took the floor, and was going on
with some remarks m opposition to the bill, when
he was interrupted by
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky, who rose to a
point oí order, and inquired if there was a quorum
present. He moved a call of the House, for he
wished to get out of that place before night.
Mr. GOODE begged the gentleman to withdraw
his motion, and allow him to proceed. He would
not detain the House long; and feeling compelled
to make some observations, he would rather do it
then, than at such an hour as that at which the
House adjourned on Sunday morning
Mr. WILLIAMS consented to withdraw his
motion, agam repeating, that ha wanted to go home
before midnight
Mr. GOODE then went at some length into an
examination of the messages of the President at
the special and the present session-?, and into a his-
tory of the vanous propositions of tne Sccrelary of
the Treasury, m order to to show that the pretences
that something was necessary to be done to relieve
¡he wants of the Treasury, all ended m the prose-
cution of a plan to establish a Sub-Treasury or
Government bank. He was willing to afford the
Government all the money that was necessary to
carry on its operations, and he would at any time
vote for supplies, but he was opposed to the Sub-
Treasury and to the issuing of Treasury nc tes
Mr. SERGEANT then took the flooi, and, after
complaining of the shoit notice previous to the in-
tioduction oí this bill, and of the attempt to hmry
it through the House, he spoke of enors in the
statements of the Secretary of the Tieasury, which
rendered them unworthy of confidence a" the foun-
dation of financial actio , and then went at length
into the discussion of various topics connected with
the bill, chiefly in reply to the remarks oí Ml.
Cambreleng.
At five o'clock, Mr. SERGEANT gave way to
Mr. RUSSELL, who moved that the Committee
rise.
Tb.8 question being taken, resulted in the nega-
tive—yeas 79, nays 85.
Mr. SERGEANT then  resumed his remarks,
and objected to the bill, that it empowered the
Government to  make  paper   money ;   whatever
!      name i< might be called by, whether a loan or not,
1      it in fact authoiued the c-eation of money, which
8     the public creditor would be compelled to take,
*     and he compared it with the old continental money,
which he thought the best of the two.    This paper
money, he contended, would pass as a currency,
Í     and  from   the   first  had   been  intended  so   to
pass, and it   would   be   injurious,   by   causing
v     confusion   in   the   currency,   and   that   at   the
      very  time,   when  it   was said   that   there   was
£     a redundancy   of paper   money; and it -would
tend in the present state of disordei in the currency
('     to prevent its returning to order.   It was liable to
#•     another objection; it was delusive and seductive,
(     and would prevent a due regard to economy, and
t     wonld lead to extravagant expenditures, and not
I    only that, but it would be constantly fluctuating
f    like any other paper money.   He preferred a re-
storation of the currency of the country to a sound
Jbum,
basis, and would supply the Government by mak-
ing a loan from abroad.
Mr. S. having concluded—
Mr. TILLINGHAST, at half past 5 o'clock,
moved that the committee n¡>e; which was disa-
greed to—ayes 90, noes 94.
Mr. TILLINGHAST spoke for «ome time, and
then gave way a few minutes after 6 o'clock to
Mr. CRANSTON, who moved that the commit-
tee rise: lost—ayes 87, noes 93.
Mr. TILLINGHAST proceeded till near 7
o'clock, when he gave way; and
Mr. ROBERTSON moved that the commitipe
rise, and proposed that the bill should be taken out
of commute to-morrow, and that the final question
should be taken on the day following, provided
the previous question should not be called before
fourfo'clock
He made this proposition in a spirit of compro-
mise, that the House need not be weaned with a
night session, and that a reasonable time might be
allowed for the discussion of so important a mea-
suie.
The question was taken, and carried m the af-
firmative—yeas 91, nays 86.
Mr. EVANS moved an adjournment.
Mr. BRONSON called for the yeas and nays,
but they were lefused, 29 m the afhrmative, and
128 in the negative.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, May 14, 1838.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from sun-
dry citizens ofBiadlord county, Pennsylvania, on the
subject of letter poitage. relenedto the Committee
on the Post Oflice and Post Road;,. Also, seven
memorials from citizens of Pennsylvania agam&t
the treaty of New Eehota   laid on the table.
Mr. SWIFT presented the petition of Amos Nor-
throp, praying for a pension- referied to the Com-
mittee on Pensions
Mr. PRENTISS presented a memorial from
sundry citij-ens of Vermont, remonstrating ngainsl
the Cherokee treaty laid on the table
Mr WEBSTER presented a memorial frcm
sundry citmens of Stoneham, Massachusetts, on the
same subject  also laid on the table.
Mr. NORVELL picsentcd a petition from Solo-
mon Class, a mail contractor, praying for an in-
crease of compensation for carrying the mail be-
tween Pontiac and Sagauaw, m the Slate of Mi-
chigan, and a smulai petition irom Benjamin V
Fox, another mail contractor, praying foi an in-
crease ot compensation for cauymg tho mail be-
tween Detroit and Howell m the same State.
Mr. N. said, that in both of these case*, the con-
tract was to cany the mail onhoi--eback, but the
mails on both routes soon became too laige to be
transported in that mode, and had to be carried m
wagons. They were both strong cases, calling for
an. increase of compensation, or for a release of
the contractors from theirpre ent ruinous contracts
He would take the occasion to add, that he con-
sidered it unfortunate that the new law concerning
the Post Ofiice establishment, had dnested the
Postmaster Geneial of all disci etionary authority
upon this subject. To the new States, at least, in
which the weight of the mails geneiallvincreased
so rapidly, it was impoitant that he should have
retained that authority The petitions were re-
ferred to the Committee en the Post Office and Post
Roads
Mr WILLIAMS, on leave, introduced a bill to
provide for lunnmg the northeastern boundary Une
of the United States; and after some remarks from
Mr WILLIAMS, it was, by general consent, read
twice and referred.
On motion of Mr. RIVES, the Senate took up
the joint resolution for the relief of Vespasian Ellis,
and the same having been considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole, was ordered to ba engrossed
for a third reading.
DISTRICT BANKS.
The bill to continue the corpora'e existence of
the banks of the District of Columbia was taken
up as the unfinished business, the question being
on Mr. BUCHANAN'S amendment, requiring the
banks to keep on hand an amount of com equal to
one-quarter of that of their private deposites, ex-
cluding special deposites, in addition to coin equal
to one-quarter the amount of their circulation, as
in the bill—-
Mi. WEBSTER spoke for some time agamst
the amendment, after which,
Mr. BENTON addressed the Senate in favor of
the principle contained in it, and concluded by
moving to amend it by striking out the word " pri-
vate;" which motion was lost—ayes 13, noes 15.
Mr CLAY of Alabama spoke m favor of the
amendmeal; and after some remarks from Mr.
BUCHANAN in further explanation of it, the
debate was continued by Messrs HUBBARD and
BUCHANAN in favor of the amendment, and by
Mr. RIVES m opposition to it, but before taking
anv question,
On motion of Mr. BENTON,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, May 15, 1838.
The SPEAKER, on leave, laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
enclosing a list of the names of all pension agents,
the amounts paid by them, ete.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, laid on the table.
Reports irom committees were then called for.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, made an unfavorable report on
the petition of J. G Lyon and others of the city of
Mobile, which was laid on the table.
Mr. W. from the same committee, made an un-
favorable report on the petition of Roger Leonar-
dy, praying indemnity for losses of cattle during
the Seminole war, which was laid on. the table.
Mr. W. from the same committee, made an un-
favorable repoit on the joint memorial of the Le-
gislature of the State of Alabama, praying remu-
neration for losses sustained in consequence of the
war with the Creek Indians; which was laid on the
table
Mr W. from the same committee, to which had
been referred the petition of Amos C Wright, re-
poned the following resolution; which was concur-
red in:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Amos C. Wright, and that the same, with
accompanying documents, be referred to the Third
Auditor fot settlement, under the existing laws.
Mr W. from the same committee, m?de an un-
favorable report on the petition oí Rebecca Conly,
which was laid on the table.
On motion of Mi CASEY, the Committee on
Public Lands was disehai^ed from the further con-
sideration of (lie petition of Captain E. Shalei and
others, praying for a grant of land for extiaordinary
services during the war; and the same was com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made an unfavorable
repoit on the petition of Eli>ha Smith, which was.
ordered lo lie on the table.
Mr. HARRISON, from the Committee on the
Piblic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of
Samuel Musscy and Thomas James.
Mr. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported with an amendment, Se-
nate bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
William Russwui m, deceased.
Mr. SHEPPERD, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs and legal le-
presentatives of------Nick, alias Reginald Hillay.
Mr. BIRD3ALL, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of Peter Vroman, of New York,
(praving the redemption, by the Government of the
United States, of §1,400 continental money) and
that it lie on the table, agreed to.
Mr. MAY, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, reported Senate bitl supplementary to the
act providing for the adjustment of titles lo land in
the town of Detroit, m the Territory of Michigan,
and for other purposes, and moved that it be ¡aid
on the table.
Mr. CRARY appealed to the gentleman not ty
