374                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 ■                                   ■   ■■  ■                           .....—                         '                 ----------                                                         .                                                                          ——
press that motion, but peitmt the bill  to take the
usual course.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio al-o joined m the
request; and
Mr. MAY accordingly moved the commitment
of the bill; which was agreed to
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the Committee on
Private Land Claims was discharged from trie
further consideration of the petition of M. P. Le
Dae, and the petitioner had leave to withdraw the
same.
Mr. DEBERRY, from the Committee on Agri-
culture, to which was referred the petition of the
inhabitant": of Somerset county, Maine, praying
the refunding of certain duties on imponed hay,
reported unfavoiably on the same, which was laid
n the table.
Mr. EVERETT, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the invest-
ment of moneys received or appropriated for the
use of Indians or Indian tribes
Mr. SOUTHGATE, from the Committee on the
Militia, reported the following resolution
Resolved, That 10,000 extra copies of the report
and bill reported by the Committee on the Militia
be printed for th« use of the House.
The resolution, under the rule, would lie over
one day, but Mr S moved its adoption
Mr. YELL objected to its consideiation at this
time.
Mr. SOUTHGATE, therefore, moted a sus-
pension of the rule, but the House rtfused, 82 to
47—not two-thirds
Mr JOHNSON, of Va from *he Committee (n
Revolutionary Pensions, reponed a bill granting a
pension to Frances Jones, aidiw of John Jones, of
the Slate of Virginia
RECISION OP TREASURY CIRCULAR
Mr BOON then ro&e and said that, however he
might regret the temporary Wierruption to other
business, he felt constrained again to ask the leave
of the House to introduce the resolution submitted
by him yesterday   [See last evening's Globe ]
The CHAIR stated that, on examining the ca-
landar, he found thereon a resolution on the same
mbject, and he suggested to the gentleman that he
had better move to take that one up.
Mr. BOON accordingly moved to take the reso-
lution submitted by Ivlr WILLIAMS of Kentucky,
on the 16th of April, which was in ih<_ lollowing
words
Resolved, That the Committee ol Wiys and
Means be instructed to report a bill making it un-
lawful for the Secietary of the Tieasmy, oi any
other officer of this Government, to continue in
force or make any general or special order making
a distinction or discrimination in the medium or
kind of currency in which the different branches
of the revenue (either from the sales of the public
lands, or from any other source) of the United
States shall be collected
Mr. BOON and Mr BRONSON suggested that
the resolution was a distinct proposition from that
submitted yesterday, which was a joint one The
former remarking that one specified the kind of
money to be received, which the other d d not
The CHAIR ruled otherwise, on the ground that
the subject it refeired to was the same
Objection being made to take up the resolution-
Mr BOON moved a suspension of the rule.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky, called tor the
yeas and nays, which w ere ordered
Mr. CASEY moved a call of the House, which
was refused.
The House also refused to suspend the rules-
yeas 94, nays 76, not two-thirds, as follows
vaVS—Messrs Adams, Alexander Hemar Ven, John W
Allen, Aycngg, Bell, Bond Boon, ijorien, linggs Bron&on,
William B Calhoun, John Calhnon, William H Carter, Cd
eey Chamtier  Cheatham, Child^ Clark Corwlil Clary,
Cranston, Crockett, Cuius, Cushms, Dailington, DJit-rry,
Dennis Dunn, Evans, Everett, Rictnid TUc in, I iltaioie,
Fostei, Rice Garland, Gooile, William Grab m Giaie . Gi n
net!, Haley, Halstead, Hamer Harlan Hiipu, Hastings,
Henry, Herod, labez Jackson, Kilsoie, Mai vm s,ani0on Ma
«on Maury, Miy, Maxwell, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan
Mitchell, Montgomery Mathias Moins CaHaiv Morris Nty
lor, Noyes, Patterson, Pope, Polls Randt-n Randolph, Robin
son, Russe'l, Seigeant, A II Sheppeid Chants «Shepard,
Shields, Sibley, Snyder, Soathaate, Sunly, Strat on, Talialerre
Thompson, TiUmghast, Toland, Vanderveei, A S White,
John White, Elisha Whutlesey, Lewis Williams, bherrod Wil
liams, Jos. L Williams, Christopher H Williams, Wise, Yell,
and Yorke—M.
NAYS—Mesar  \ndereon, Andrews, Ath rton,Beatty, Beirne,
Bicknell, Eirdsall, Biodhead Buchanan, Bynum, Cambreleng,
Chapman, Clowney, Craig, Cushnmn, Davee, IleGraff, Drom
goole, EJ yards, Panirgion, Isaac Fletcher Fry, James Gar
land, Glavock Grantland, Grant, Griffin Harrison, Hawkins,
Haynes, Hopkirs, Howard, Hubloy, William H Hunter, Ing
him, fnomas B Jackson, Joseph Johnson, N lone , Keirn,
Kemble, Khngensmith, Leadbetter, Lewis, logan, James M
Masoi, Martin McKay, RobeitMcClellan, Abraham McClel
1 in McClure, Miller, Morgan, Parker, Paynter, Pennybacker,
Petnkin Phelps, Potter, Pratt, Reily, Ithett, Rives Robeit on,
Sheffer, Spenctr Stuart, Taylor, Thomas, Titus Tourey, Tur-
ney, Wagener, Webster, Weeks, Thomas T Whittlesey, and
JaiedW Williams—76
Mr BOON then gave notice that he should íenew
this proposition every day until the House acted
upon it.
TREASURY NOTES.
The House then, on motion of Mr. CAMBRE-
LENG, again went into Committee on the Union,
Mi Inoham in the Chair, on the bill to carry into
effect the act of the 13th of October last, autho-
rizing the i«ue of Tieasury notes.
The question was on the ¡substitute of Mr. Ro-
bertson to authorize the raising of a loan of ten
millions of dollars, at six per cent, with ihe amend-
ment of Mr Stuart to authorize an iscue of Trea-
sury notes to the amount of two millions of dol-
íais, to provide foi the immediate exigencies of the
Government
Mr TILLINGHAST concluded his remarks m
opposition to the bill, but avowed himself willing
to vote for a loan.
Mr BIDDLE obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr CUSHMAN, who made a very interesting
statement in response to the oft-repeated charge in
relation to the Branch Bank of the United States at
Portsmouth, and in explanation of the wh< le occur-
rence, and the part taken therein by himself, Go-
vernor Hill, Secretary Woodbury, and others.
Mr BIDDLE then proceeded to oppose the bill
at length, and fiist, to review the report of the Se-
cretary ot the Treasuiy, (in relation to paving
members of Congress, m specie,) made m response
to a resolution ol Mr. B at the late called sesoion.
Mr B then replied t > Mr. Rhí/tt, and went into
an examination oí Ihe principles of finance and
banking, as connected with the circulation and use
of specie, and in relation to the action of.the Go-
vernment thereon
Mr BELL then took the floor, and went at
length into various arguments in opposition to the
bill, and spoke of the different statements of the
Piesident and Secretary of the Treasury, and of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as wholly deceptive, as also, he con-
tended, were the bill and its title deceptive, and
wilfully intended to impose upon the community
The statements of the chairman of the Committee
of Wa\s and Means that there neie funds in hand
to redeem the Treasury notes, and that a perma-
nent loan was unnecessary, he contended were not
correct, and went into statements to show that the
income would not be as great as was anticipated,
and that the funds alluded to would not be avail-
able.
Mr B. contended that the revenue had been re-
duced within a few years, by the action of the coun
try, from forty eight millions to ten, or twelve, or
at most to fifteen millions, and said that he con-
sidered the state of the country prosperous, though
it had been called bloated, when the revenue was
so large, and had enabled the country to pay off
the public debt, and place twenty eight millions of
suiplusm the hands of the States He said the
scheme ot issuing Treasury notes now, was only
an experiment upon the people, to see how far such
issues might be carried, and was an attempt to esta-
blish, in effect, a Treasury bank, by whatever name
it might be called He alleged that the Govern-
ment was the cause of the expansion of bank
paper, and read from speeches and from " the offi-
cial organ" to prove that encouragements had been
held out to States to charter new banks , and espe-
cially, that Pennsylvania was encouraged to char-
ter a large institution, by the hope held out, that
it would become the central depositary of the
public moneys, and he considered this the worst
mst?nce of bribery and corruption ever held out
by any Government, or individual, to be found in
the history of bribery. He went into an argument,
founded on the condition of finances in the South- [
western States, to show the excessive issues had
been induced by the action of the Government, m
relation to the affairs of banks, and the sale of the
public lands. The most extraordinary facilities
had been held out to the banks to induce them to
expand, and Indian lands, almost to the destruc-
tion of the Chickasaw nation, had been brought in-
to the market to encourage speculation; and when
every thing was at the highest state of trade and
speculation, in consequence of this action, it was
suddenly arrested. Banks were denounced, specu-
lation was condemned, the Specie Circular was is-
sued, and the weight of the injury fell upon the
proscribed States of Mississippi and Alabama.
He also alluded to various expenditures, and ar-
gued that the Government had not been governed,
notwithstanding their professions, by any system of
practical economy. The expenditures, he said,
had been extravagant, and m many cases useless.
Mr B. then spoke of internal improvements,
and said the Cumberland Road bill had been pre-
sented as a test question, and he had been particu
larly pointed at in the debate on that bill. He had
never, during the eleven years that he had been in
Congress, voted for any appropriation for internal
improvement—not even for the improvement of
a river that run by his own doot, or for the
construction of a road that run through the
place of Ins residence, and he said that the
very party now in power, which had condemned
the doctrine of internal improvements,had increased
the expenditure from a quarter of a million to over
two millions, and that now, notwithstandmgfthe re-
commendation to reduce the appropriations as low
as possible, on account of the state of the Treasury
and currency, the President had recommended ap-
propriations for internal improvements to the
amount of nineteen hundred thousand dollars.
He then went into a review of the division of
the parties as respected breaches of privilege, to
show that these test votes were generally delusive
and deceptive, and that with the changes of the times
the sentiments and votes of members would change
also. He adverted to the graduation and pre-
emption schemes, as recommended by the Presi
dent, which was designed as a test in the new
States; and, after dwelling on these and other to-
pics for some time, he concluded by expressing his
solemn conviction that the bill under consideration
was but the initiatory step of a general system that
was in anticipation by the present Administration—
the establishment of a Government bank, and the
issue and circulation of Government paper.
Mr. RANDOLPH followed on the same side,
and went into a review of the causes of our present
embarrassments, and those in England, and by a
contrast between the bank paper circulation m
both countries went on to contend that ours did
not arise altogether from excess of issue, or from
any of the causes assigned by the President in his
message at the special session Mr R ascribed them
to a different source, viz to the enormous body of
office seekers who left their homes to seek employ-
ment under General Jackson, after his first elec-
tion This unhinged the whole pre existing state
of things, and, the President being regarded as the
only fountain of honor and profit, uprooted ihe
antecedent principles of our Government. This
position Mr. R. illustrated and sustained at length,
and had not concluded when our columns were
closed.
[The Treasury Note bill was brought into the
House between seven and eight o'clock, the seve-
ral amendments being informally acted upon for
the purpose of being offered m the House, when
a more full and detailed account of them will be
given. The House then adjourned, without trans-
acting any further business.]
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, May 15, 1838.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretaries of State, Treasury, War, and Navy
Departments, and the General Post Office, m an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of ti e 29th of
December last, requiring information with regard
to the salaries of the various clerks employed in
said Departments; and,
