CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
printed for the Senate was 30,000, which was the
Post Office document. As he conceived this docu-
ment one of far greater importance to the people,
he expressed his readiness to vote for that number,
but nothing beyond it.
Mr. BENTON advocated the printing of the
greatest number, and avowed his determination to
vote on each question tor the largest number. The
document was one of great importance to the coun-
try, and would not cost a tythe of that which had
been spnt from this body, soma sessions since, m
rela'ion to the concerns of the General Post Office
Mr TALLMADGE opposed the printing of the
number moved by the Senator from Ohio, and said
that he would not go beyond the number suggested
by the Senator from Alabama Mr. T. adverted
to the printing of 30,000 copies of the report of the
Post OfficeCommittee m 1834,which he said he voted
against, His share of the copies, he said, was sent
to him by mail, alter he left Washington, and after
they had remained in the post office of his town for
some time, the postmaster begged him to take them
away, saying that he had no room for them. He
then took them and disposed of them to a grocer, to
be used as wrapping paper in his business; and the
grocer informed him that they constituted a supply
sufficient to last him two years. As to the portion
that had been sent to his colleage, he had been in-
formed by him that they had been used for wadding
for cannon, in celebrating political victories Now,
he did not know but these documents, if the Se-
nate ordered the printing of so large a num-
ber, might be used in the same way, and
become wadding for the cannon that shall
celebrate Whig victories Mr T. then review-
ed the report, which he considered as condemn-
ing the former action of the Senate in relation to the
Specie circular
Mr MORRIS withdrew his motion to print
52,000 copies, so that the question recurred on
printing 32,000 copies, as moved by Mr ALLFN
Mr. ALLEN observed, that if the gentleman
from New York [Mr Taixmadge] should find any
difficulty in disposing of his share of this docu-
ment, he would gladly agree to borrow them from
him, and to give him, in return, his share of the
first good Whig report that should be printed
There was no danger that this document would be
used as wadding for cannon to celebrate Whig vic-
tories. He thought, from its force, that it was much
more likely lo become a cannon itself, and leach
its objpct
Mr SMITH of Indiana contended th.it the
printing of so great a number was unnecessary,
as the report only embodied the arguments set
forth in the different able speeches which had been
delivered on the occasion, and which were already
before the public.
Mr. STRANGE regretted the Senatoi from Ohio
had withdrawn his proposition The document
was one, in his opinion, ot vast importance to the
country, and could not be too liberally dissemi-
nated. Mr S. said the people of his State were
crying out for information on this all absorbing
question, and claimed for the majority the advan-
tage of its position to disseminate all repoi ts which,
like this one, were based on truth and sjund ar-
gument
The question • as then taken on printing 30,000
copies, and decided in the affii mauve—yeas 23,
nay 19, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Cal-
houn Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton,
Grundy, Hubbard, Lumpkin, Moms, Mouton,
Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Smith
of Connecticut, Strange, Trotter, Webster, Wil-
liams, and Young—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Buchanan, Clay of Ken luck),
Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, King, Knight, Mc-
Kean, Merrick, Nicholas, Robbins, Ruggles, Sevier,
Smith of Indiana, Spence, Swift, Tallmadge, Tip-
ton, and White—19.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, Mr. Clay's reso-
lution was taken up, and made the order of the
day for Monday next.
Mr WEBSTER rose and said he would send an
amendment to the Chair, which he intended to of-
fer  when the resolution should come up,  and
which he now ask -d might be printed It was as
follows
Strike out the first clause of the resolution, and
insert the following "That it shall not be lawful
for the Secretary of the Treasury to make, or to
continue in force, any general order which shall
create any difference between the different branches
of revenue, as to the funds, or medium of pay-
ment, in which aebts, or dues to the United States,
may be paid "
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, May 17, 1838
As soon as the journal was read,
Mr RARIDEN rose to make the motion of
which he had given notice last night
The CHAIR said the consideration of the mo-
tion would regularly lie over till the expiration of
the morning hour.
Mr. RARIDEN asked the House to consider it
now.
Mr. GLASCOCK objected at first, but after-
waids withdrew it, and Mr. CHAMBERS of Ken-
tucky renewed the objection
Mr GRIFFIN moved a suspension of the rules
lost, only 61 voting in the affirmative
The CHAIR announced the business m order to
be the motion to print 10,060 extra copies of the
report of the Militia Committee.
Mr. RUSSELL asked leave to offei the follow-
ing rcol ution:
Raolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of repealing so much of the fifth section of the act
•ntitled " An act to regulate the deposites ot the
public money," passed the 23d of June, 1836, as
prohibits receiving m payment for due3 to the
Government, and disbursing the same, the bills of
specie paying banks, uhich issue bills or note^ of
a less denomination than five dollar 
And, also, so much of the second section of the
act entitled "An act making appropriations for the
payment of revolutronary and other pensioners of
the United States for the year 1836," as prohibits
the offering in payment, by any officer or depart-
ment of the Government, notes or bills of specie
paying banks, of a less denomination than twenty
dollars.
Mr LINCOLN said he must object to the inter-
position of any other subjett till the above motion
was disposed ol, which vould occt py but a i<,w
moments
Mr RUSSELL moved a suspension oí the rules,
and asked for the yeas and nays, which, being or-
dered, were, jeas 56, na>s 126, as follows
YE V->--Mcvi*. Aycugg Bidilie, Bond, Toh i Cat
boon, William Jl ( implicit, Chambos Cheatham, Unlds,
< otlin, Ci uifaicm, Ctoekctt, Cuun Davie- , Dunn, 11\
wilds, Evms Everett, Ruhant Fletcher, Tillmore,
Giaves, (ircnmll Hall, Halstead, Harlan, Henry, Kennedy,
Mirvm May, M ixwell, Meieei Mitchell, Calvary Moms,
Noves Pittcr-jm Pick, Pope Putts, Putt, Rand ipli, Rid 
wiy Robinson, Russell, Seueant, Shields, Sibley, Slade,
'iiiithgue St inly, S one, Straiion lillinghast, Toland, I ewrs
Williams Josiph L Wilhams, Wise, and Yoike—£G
NVYS-Messis Adam-* Alexander, lohn W Allen Ander
eon, Andiews, Atherton, Beatty, Btcknell, Boon Borden Bout
dm 13u2^i Brodhead, Bionson, Buchanan, Willi un B Cal
houn, ( unbieleug Titm Campbell ( asey, Chapmm, Cleve
land, < lowney Coles, Connor, Craig, Ciaiy Cudimg, Ctish.
man, Trivcc, Dchcny Dennis Paiungton Tairlield Isiac
ritichei, IVtu [iy, Jameb fiarlaud Rice Garland Glascock,
CJoode, William Graham GrantJand, Gray, Grilfin Haley
Hammond, tinner, Harrison, Hiipei Hastings, Hawes
Ilaynes Heiod, [lohey, Holt, Hopkins, Hublev, Ingham r B
Tackson, I John on, W C Johnson, í W Tonts, keim,
Kilgoie, Klingenstmth, Leadbetter, Lewis I incoln login'
Tame? M Mison, <amson Mason, Mum Maury, McKay!
Robert Mi ( tell in, At ¿ham Mctlellin, "McCluie, McKcnniin
Menefic, Milligin, Millci, Montgomery, Moigan Mathias Moi
us, Muuay Niylor, Noble, Owens Paikei,Pumentei Pen
nybaekei, Potrikm, Phelps, Pottei, Prentiss, Rinden Reily,
ltenehei, Richardson, Rives, Robcrtsoi, Rumsey, Shelter
Augustine H fehepperd, Charles Shopar 1, Sheploi, Spencer'
Stuart, Taliiftuo, Tayloi Titus, Toucey,Tllrney Undeiwood
Vanderveer Webster, Weeks Alberts White, John White
Uisha Whittlesey, Thomas T Whmltbey, SI errod Wi hams
laud W Williams, Chrtaopherll Williams, Woitbington!
and \ell   126
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mi RUSSELL then gave notice that he «hould
call up thrs resolution to-morrow, and upon each
successive day thereafter till it should lecene the
final action of the House.
The motion to print 10,000 extra copies of the
militia report was then taken up and agreed to.
STEAM EXPLOSIONS
Mr CÚSHMAN appealed to the House to con-
sent to take up the bill to authorize the appoint-
ment of persons to test the usefulness of inventions
to prevent the explosion of steamboat boilers.
Objection being made—
Mr CUSHMAN moved a genetal suspension
of the rules, but varied his motion, pi the sugges-
tion of Mr.  Evervtt,. for thnty minutts only, the
motion, houe/er, drd not prevail.
RECISION OP THE SPECIE CIRCULAR
Mr. BOON renewed his motion to suspend the
rules for half an hour, to consider the resolution to
rescind the Specie Circular.
Mr CALVARY MORRIS asked for the yeas
and nays, but they were reiuscd, and the motion to
sutpentt was rejected
Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of A J.
Pickett and another
Also, a bill for the relief of William A White-
head, which was ordered to a third reading to-
morrow
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting the right of pre-
emption to certain lots in the town of Perrysburg,
in the State of Ohio.
Mi. MONTGOMERY, from ihe Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, íeported, without
amendment, Senate bill directing the Postmaster
General to settle the claim of Hard and Longstreet
Mr M. stated the nature of the claim, and that
it was a case of peculiar emergency, from the fact of
the individual interested having suffered severely
by the lite conflagration m Charleston Mr M.
moved that the House go into committee upon it
at once
Mr. BRIGGS also made an earnest appeal to the
House m behalf oí the motion
Mr LEGARL also besiec'ied the House to as-
sent, as an act of mercy to the c'aimant, under the
circumstances stated by Messrs. Montgomery, and
Buroos
Mr ADAMS wanted to know something more
about it, and why the Postmaster General did not
settle it at once
Mr THOMPSON explained from the want of
power, and appealed to the House, as an act of
mercy a^ well as justice, tc act upon the bill.
Mr BRIGGS again explained the nature of the
claim, and stated tint, as a case of equity, it was
stioii0lj ruoi unen led oy the Po itrus'cr General,
diid unanimously repoited upon by the committees
of both f-f uses
Mi UNDERWOOD opposed it strongly, as he
was indisposed to give this bill a preference over
bills reported for the burning of houses in the Re-
volutionary war He should not consent to it, and
moved it be made the order of the day fur to-
morrow.
Mr ADAMS also opposed the motion originally
made, and the bill too, and expressed a hope that
the last motion would prevail.
Mr. MONTGOMERY was very certain that if
the House had consented to his motion, the bill
would have been disposed of before then It was
an extraordinary crc, and he did not believe there
would be a Mngle vote against if
Mr CAMBRELEXG, at this stage, moved the
ordeis of the da>,and the bill lies over
Mr HOWARD asked the gentleman to with-
draw the motion, in order to take up the "hard-
ware bill "
Mr CAMBRELENG stated that that bill was
already on its final passage
The motion for the orders prevailed
TREASURY NOTE BILL
The motion of Mr RARIDEN to reconsider the
vote and the passage of this bill was then announc-
ed by the Chair
Mr. RARIDEN took that occasion to explain
that he was himself in favor of voting all neces-
sary supplies to the Government, but differed with
the majority of the House as to the proper mode,
and the object of his motion was togue himse!f
and his friends an opportunity of setting them-
selves right before the country. He preferred a
partial issue of Treasury notes, and the remainder
to be raised by a direct loan.    Mr. R. added that
