382_______________________CONGRBJároíÑAL tilMg.        .    ,    _.........^
money for it. Did he believe that there was no
such thing as patriotism' There were many men
in favor of banks, who did not want to borrow
money, and there weie others opposed to them who
did borrow money. But ot the class opposed to
the banks, he had the most respect for those whose
opposition was based on constitutional grounds.
After some further remarks in opposition to the
resolution, Mr S. expressed the opinion that the
best h ay of disposing of it would be to lay it on
the table.
Mr. HUBBARD spoke at length in opposition
to the resolution. He inquired if the object of the
Senator from Ohio, was to ascertain the number of
public men that had accommodations u. these
banks, and to draw an inference therefrom, that
they could not with propriety vote for their rechar-
ter. Mi H. could not conceive that such an exhi-
bit would do any good, and might be produc-
tive of embarrassment to individuals. It could
make no ditference to debtors, whether the
banks were rechartered or not—if Ihey weie,
they would still have their debts to paj, and if
they were not, they could not be relieved from
them. The recharter of these banks were asked
for by the people of this District, to whom he
thought some consideiation was due He presumed
the banks weie so managed by then directois as to
insure the best mtuests oí tho¿e institutions. Mr.
H. avowed his with to separate the Government
from all connection with banks, and would go all
length with the Senator fiom Ohio to effect so de-
sirable an object.
Mr ÉOANE begged leave to explain that Ins
object in moving to lay the resolution on the table,
was simply to avoid débale that they might proceed
at once to the bill to charter the District banks,
lias opinion was that the information sought lor by
the resolution was not necessary to enable the
Senate to form a correct judgment on the merits
of tne bill, and he deprecated the attempt to
bring to light the private aff nrs of individuals
But, said he, let the infoimation come. ' my with-
ers are unwrung," he did not owe a dollar to one
of these District banks, and if he did it would not
prevent him from voung judiciously and honestly
with regard to them all. Mr. R did not consider
that the passage of the bill would be lewarding
these banks for rebelling against the laws, as the
Senator from Ohio intimated What, said he,
reward them with charters on harder conditions
than were ever imposed on a bank in any quarter
of the United State s!
Aftei some further remarks from Messrs. CLAY
and ALLEN—
Mr TIPTON moved to lay the resolution on the
table, for the purpose oí ending the debate, and pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the bill to recharter
the District banks.
This motion was decided in the affirmative—yeas
31, nays 10, as follows
YEAS—Buchanan, Clay of Alabama, Clay of
Kentucky, Cla) ton, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis,
Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Knight, Merrick,
Morris, Mouton, Nnholas, Norvell, Pierce, Roane,
Robbms, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Spence,
Strange, Swilt, Tallmadge, Tipton, Trotter, Web-
ster and Young—31.
WAYS—Allen, Benton, Brown, Calhoun, Lump-
kin, McKean, Nile-, Robinson, Smith of Connecti-
cut and Wright—10.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill to continue the corporate existence of the
banks in the District of Columbia The question
being on the amendment of Mr. BUCHANAN,
already given—
Mr BENTON rose and observed that since the
pul' cation of lus remarks on this bill, m which he
had q toted some of the testimony given before the
comm, ie of the House of Representatives, lela-
tive to he tixnsactions of District banks, he had
been caded on by Mr. Raphael Semmes, a director
of the Farmer^' and Mechanics' Bank of George-
town, there referred to, and that Mr Semmes had
pointed out to him. m a subsequent part of the
report, which had escaped his notes, some addi-
tional testimony given bj Mr Prout, the broker,
in which that gentleman states that he was mista-
ken in having said that Mr. Semmes was one of
the directors to whom he had sold notes and stock;
that on after reflection, he was satisfied that he had
made no such sales to Mr. Semmes.
Mr. B. said he had also been called on by Mr.
William Jewell, of Georgetown, whose tesümqny
he had quoted in the same speech, and that Mr.
Jewell had produced a certificate from the cashier
of the Farmers and Mechanics Bank, stating that
he was not a director Í that bank at the time he
purchased the ¡$15,000 of stock from the widow,
but that he was a tlirector at the time he gave the
testimony. Mr B. said that in justice to these
gentlemen he made this explanation at the earliest
opportunity
After some remaiks from Messrs. BUCHA-
NAN, CUTHBERT, CRITTENDEN, DAVIS,
and HUBSARD, the question was taken on Mr.
Buchanan's amendment, and it was rejected—yeas
19, nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Grundy,
King, Lumpkin, McKean, Morns, Mouton, Niles,
Pierce, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut, Strange,
and Wright—-19
NAYS—Messrs Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Hubbard, Knight,
Merrick, Nicholas, Norvell, Preston, Roane, Rob-
bms, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Spence,
Swilt, Tallmadge, Tipton, and Webster—2!.
Mr HUBBARD moved to amend the bill by
striking out the word "fourth," and inserting
"third," in the fifth line of the twenty-ninth section,
the effect of which is to require the banks to keep
on hand an amount of coin equal lo on" third (in-
stead ot one fourth) of theT circulation; which
amendment was adopted—a>es 32, nays 10, as
follows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clav of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky,
Cuthbert, Davis, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King,
Knight, Lumpkin, McKean, Merrick, Morns,
Mouton, Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pieice, Preston,
Robinson, Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Swift,
Trotter, Webster, Wnght, and Young—32.
NAYS—Messrs Claylon, Crittenden, Roane,
Robbins, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Indiana,
Spence, Tallmadge, and Tipton—10.
Mr NILES moved a further amendment, by
striking out in the same section, all alter the word
"circulation,"andinserting,"andshould the amount
in any one quarter fall short of that proportion,
the president and directois for the time being shall
be responsible in iheir individual capacities to all
the bill-holders and depositors; and in case of in-
ability of said corporation, or expiration of its
charter, or in case its charter shall be annulled, the
said president and directors shall be liable in their
individual capacities to each and every creditor of
said corporation."
After some remarks from Messrs GRUNDY
NILES, TALLMADGE, CLAY, KING, HUB-
BARD, and ROANE, the bill was laid over infor-
mally, and
Mr WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, lo which had been referred the bill to au-
thorize the issuing of Treasury notts to meet tbe
cuirent expenses of the Government, reported the
same without amendment, and gave notice that he
should call it up to morrow, immediaiely after
reading the journal,
The Senate then adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, Mav 18, 1838
Mr HENRY, on leave, presented the petition of
William McMellen, who was a lieutenant in the Re-
volutionary war, by his daughter and only child,
Margaret Patterson, praying com "nutation in con-
sequence of his services to the end of the war, in
pursuance of the íesoluhons and acts of Congress
in favor of Revolutionary officer^, and aiso
the documents in relation to the services of
said Lieutenant McMellen, on the files of this
House, report No 147 of January 10th, 1832, and
on motion, all íeferred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims
Mr. RUSSELL renewed his application to the
House to the resolution presented byhim yesterday.
Objection being made,
Mr. R. moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. HUNTER of Ohio asked for the yeas and
nays; which ware ordered.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio solicited Mr. Rus-
sell to withdraw his motion, and permit the com-
mittees to report.
Mr. RÜSSELwould dosoforthe present, but he
should call it up ihe first opponunity, without en-
croaching upon the privileges of the House.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. BELL, on leave, presented three several
communications from the Secretary of War: 1. A
memorial of the Creek Indians, for compensation
for losses suffered in their emigration west. 2. A
similar one from the Choctaws. 3. A memorial
from Major Graham, for Seminole losses.
The consideration of Senate bill for the relief of
Hard and Longst eet was resumed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD had moved its regular com-
mitment
Mr. BRIGGS appealed to the gentleman to with-
draw that motion
Mr. UNDERWOOD had no objection to the
claim, but was disinclined to give it a pieference
over numerous others equally meritorious.
Mr. ELMORE explained the circumstances of
the claim, and made an earnest appeal to the
House
Mr. UNDERWOOD'S motion was disagreed to,
the bill was committed for this day, and, on mction
of Mr. Montgomery, the House went into com-
mittee thereon, (Mr. Boon in the chair,) and was
so amended, on motion ot Mr. Whittlilsey, as to
provide that the amount found due to the claimant*
should be paid out of the funds of the Post Office
Department.
The committee then rose and reported the bill to
the House; and unc amendment being concurred
in, the bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief ef
James Cox.
Mr. W. from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition and papers oí Clark Allen for
compensation for horses and other property de-
stroyed in the military service of the United Stales,
reported the following resolution; which was con-
curred in-
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
chaiged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Clark Allen, and that the same be referred
to the Third Auditor of the Treasury for settle-
ment, under the act ol January 18, 1836.
Mr. CUSHMAN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill further to provide for the
relief of distressed American seamen in foreign
countr es
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill to provide for
the payment of certain judgments which have been
or may be obtained against the State of Virginia.
Mr. U. from the same committee, made an unfa-
vorable report on the petition of the heirs of John
Mountjoy, praying a pension: laid on the table.
Mr. U. irom same committee, reported unfavo-
rably on the petition of the heirs ot William Ste-
venson, praying commutation pay, also, on the
petition of Elisha Adair, praying indemnity forlon-
es by continental money, which were laid on the
table.
Mr TALIAFERRO, from the same committee,
reported, with an amendment, Senate bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Roben White.
Mr. T. aiso reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of James Hackett.
Mr PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported unfavorably on
the petition of Kbenezer Lester, praying compensa-
tion for labor performe t during the Revolutionary
war   ordeied to he on the table.
Mr A H SHEPHERD, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported unfavorably
on the petition oí the heirs oí James Emmett, for
compensation for loss of team during the Revolu-
tionary war  ordered to he on the table.
Mr S. also, from the same committee, reportsd
unfavorably on the petition of James Moore, pray-
ing compensation lor loss of wagon and team dur-
ing the Revolutionary war  laid on the table.
