384
ti.       ■   iK<..... um                i   ii        -'--i                   i n  m<                    ■       mi m'      II"*
A bill for the relief of the children of Col. Hem y
Irwin
A bill for the relief ot the heirs of Col. Richard
Campbell
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Chilton,
deceased
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas H.
Boyles
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Mc
Clellan
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Joshua Pan-
ning, deceased
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Cap-
tain Charles Snead, deceased
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Da-
niel Williams
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Wm.
Hooker Smith, deceased
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Col.
George Gibson, deceased
A biirfor the relief of Crawford Johnson
A bill for the relief of the heirsof Wm B Bunt-
ing, deceased
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Ti-
mothy Teely
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Di
Wm Jihonnot
A bill for he relief of the representatives of Col
Francis Vigo
A bill foi the relief of the representatives of Col
Anthony Walton White
A bill for the íelitf of the representatives of Col
Willis Reddick
A bill for the relief of the heirs of William
Vauter
A bill for the relief of the representatives of John
B Ashe
A bill for the relief of the representatives of John
Jor*' in
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Na-
thaniel Irish
A bill for the relief of James Witherell
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Samuel Jones
A bill for the rel ef of Joseph Nourse.
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Goddard, and
others
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Nathaniel Tracy, and representatives of Thomas
Gordon
The committee then rose and íeported
The bills lor the relief of James Witheral!, for
the relief of the representatives of John Joidan,and
the relief of the administrator of Wharton Quarks
deceased, were repoited without amendmen', and
severally ordered to a third reading
On the bills for 'he relief oí Nathaniel Goddard,
of Joseph Nourse, for the relief of the representa-
tives of Colonel William Reddick, and for the relief
of Nathaniel Tracy, the committee had leave to sit
again
TI e remainder were repoited severally, with an
amendment to each, striking out the allowance for
commutation interest pro forma, in order to settle the
principle in the House, as before, and were id
postponed till to morrow
Mr K1LGORE on leave, submitted the follow-
ing lesolution, which was agreed to
Reso'ved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post routt from North
Union, via Leaviitt, Dallas to Waynesburg, Ohio
On motion, at 5 o'clock, p  m
The House adjourned
IN SENATE,
Tridas, May 18, 1838
On motion of Mr WRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consi leration of the bill from the
Iloase to autlioiij-e the issuing of Treasurj notes,
to meet the current expenses of the Government
Mr CLAY of Ky observed that this bill came
to the Senate yesterday after 12 o'clock, referred
to the Committee of Finance, and reported back
bv them m the course of the afternoon He want
id to inquire of the chairman of the committee
whether they had authority from the Senate to
meet while the Senate was in session He was
aware that it had been the custom of the standing
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
committees of this body to act on bills, that were
not deemed of any great importance during the
Senate's hours of business, but he thought that a
bill of the importance like this ought to be examin-
ed m a different manner.
Mr. WRIGHT would answer the Senator by
saying that no authority was given by the Senate to
the committee to meet during the session of that
day, nor did any member of the committee leave
the chamber to his knowledge The bill was sub-
mitted to each member of the committee in his
place, three of whom concurred with him in favor
of, and in reporting, the bill without amendment,
the others, authorizing the report, though dissent-
vas from the bill This was the action of the com
mittse as far as he knew. Whether it was irregu-
lar or not, he did not know, but it had been fre-
quently practised in that body, paiticularly with
legard to appropriation bills
Mr WEBSTER said he did not expect to be
called on to vote for the engrossment of this bill
at so early a period after its reception from the
other branch Scarcely twenty-four hours had
elapsed, and yet the question on ordering the bill to
its third reading was called for Beiore he gave
his vote, he proposed to say a few words in rela-
tion to the subject. He begged leave to cisclaim
any deposition to thwart the measures necessary to
carry on the Government, and desired that it might
be distinctly understood that he wished the Govern-
ment aided in carrying on all the great works of
internal improvement, such as roads, harbors, etc
in w hith it was engaged. Mr W was oí opinion,
however, that there were ether modes of raising
means that might be resorted to Itss objectionable
than that proposed by ihe bill before them. At the last
extra session he had voted for the issue of ten mil-
lions in Treasury notes, and he did not regret it,
because, at that time, he considered it necessary to
provide piesent relief Congre«i had been called
together by the President in a case of great and ex-
traordinary emergency, and yet some oí the most
distinguished friends of the Administration had
at owed their determination never to vote for ano-
ther issue of these notes One great objection he
had to this money was, that it was continually fall-
ing below par, and the Government, therefore,
instead of paying its agents and public servants in
the constitutional currency of the country, would be
pay mg them in depreciated paper Another objection
presented itself to his mind, which was, that it was
bad policy to get into the habit of laising money by
such means There was now no exigency, no \ ery
particular emergency, at all events, H had not been
made to appear thai theie was an emergency to
justify such a step. Congress had ahtady been in
session five good months, and }et we had heard
nothing of such a crisis in the affairs of the Trea-
sury. In fact, there could be no crisis now which
a vigilant, systematic, and prudent, officer would
not have earlier foi eseen Mr W contended that
the bill was defecUve, inasmuch as it did not re
new the penalties, and neither did it impose the
same duties on collectois, &e as in the former bill,
and he contended that if the money were so much
winted, the proper mode to raise it would be b>
loan, and not by the issue of piper money, which
jvould act with inequality, inasmuch as it fluctu-
ated m -value He was agnnst the piactice of
paying paper money by the Government It was
not a legal terder, and the report made by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance the other
day against paper, contained, also, unanswerable
aiguments against the adoption of this bill, and, so
far as he was concerned, he could have wished
thnty thousand copies moie had been printed Mr
W said that unless the money wis offered in one
hand, and the paper in the other, thee notes were,
to all intents and purposes, a fenced pavment
Mr W. moved to am nd the bill by limiting the
issue to two millions of dollars, to neci such bills
as might be immediately due
Mr WRIGHT observed that he should endea-
vor, so far as was in his power, to discharge what
v> as his duty in regard to this bill, without pro-
tracting debate
Still some portion of the remarks of the Senator
from Massachusetts seemed entitled to some at-
tention.   One was his commendation of the sound
i, mm..... ■    '  i   .«I.....umu.jjii«wuUi^«i «-ii-^JM^iW'MJWrtw*' *1     'm"."'^i r" i'  "  *•->' "*•
and valuable principle ot paying the public credi-
tor in what was equivalent to specie, and he was
gratified to find that the Senator woujd go with hira
in favor of the principle that wasnot lass valuable,
that of preserving the faith of the Government.
The report of his [Mr W ] to which the Senator
alluded, was an argument to show that it was
highly improper for this Government to make ten-
der in payment of its debts of the paper of local
corporations; and he confessed that to some extent
that argument might be applied to paper issued up-
on the authority, faith, and credit ol the Govern-
ment itself. He was among that class, who, if it
were not necessary for the operations of the
Treasury itself, would not adopt even that
expedient. So much for that. Then the
gentleman would ask him, why did he urge
this bill ? He answered, because he be-
lieved the necessity existed for it. We are told by
the Head of the Treasury Department that even in
means of this character the Treasury i  so limited
that it is tn danger from day to day of being com-
pelled to turn its creditors from the door. The
public funds of other descriptions are postponed,
and placed beyond the reach of the Treasury, by
law, and the want of authority to reissue the Trea-
sury notes puts it out of the powet ot the Secretary
to offer payment even in this descr ption of funds.
The gentleman had contended that there ^\as no
eminent necessity for passing this bill Would the
gentleman tell him why there was not' He says
the Senate, so far as it is concerned, has given au-
thority to sell the bonds of the Bank of the United
States He, Mr. W. remembered that the only
voice raised against that measure was that of the
Senator himself, on the ground that we could not
sell these bonds upon the terms, prescribed, in this
country, and that there was not time to send them
abroad foi sale He, Mr W felt the force of that
suggestion, and submitted to the Senator that it
would be necessary for Congress to provide suffi-
cient means for the wants of the Government, by
authorizing an issue of Treasury notes, or by a loan,
and added that, if the bonds did sell, it would su-
persede the issue of Treasury notes to the amount
they might sell for
We have been told that the bill before us is not
broad enough to accomplish its object. He [Mr.
W ] did not apprehend any difficulty on that score.
But he spoke with great distrustof his own judgment,
as to construction oí law, when the distinguish-
authoruy of tli* ¡senator was against htm He
found, however, the bill to read.
Be %l enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-
tantes of the United States of ¿¡menea in Congress os-
jem&íeíi, That the Secretary of the Treasury, with
the approbation of the President of the United
Slates, is hereby authorized to cause Treasary
notes to be issued, according to the provisions con-
tained in, and subject to all the condi'ions, limita-
tions, and restrictions of an act, entitled "An act to
authorize the issuing of Tie?sury notes," approved
the twelfth day of October last, in place ot such
notes as have been, or may be issued under the
authority of the act aforesaid, and which haves
been, or maj hereafter be, paid into the Tieasury
and cancelled
Now, as far as his comprehension extended, the
clause just read brings the whole of the act ot the
extra session forward, and makes it applicable to
this bill Would it be pietended that under this
law a note could be issued bearing more than six
per cent interest'
Mi  WEBSTER   No
Mr WRIGHT Would it be pretended that
they cou'd issue more than ten millions?
Mr WEBSTER.    Yes
Mr WR1&H1 here read from the bill, to show
that notes can only be issued m place of those that
came in
Ag un the notes issued under the authority of
this law are made receivable in pa}ment of ail
dues to the Government Was there any doubt of
this?
Mr WEBSTER    No.
Mr WRIGHT Then it appears that, with one
exception, all the substantive provisions of the law
c f the extra session are made applicable to this,
except the penal enactments.   As a lawyer, he
