394__________í____________CONGRES^QJ^L, G^QBE.
S. S. Phelps and others, piaying for the right of
pre-emption to the town site oi Cattuse, Wisconsin
Territory. Petition oí citizens of the mineral re-
gion in Wisconsin and Illinois, praying for the sale
t>i the mineral lands of the United States. Petition
praying for a donation of land to enable the Torn 
tory oí Wisconsin west of the Mississippi river to
eiect a penitentiary. Memorial Of citizens of Wis-
consin Territory east of the Mississippi nver, who
pray for an act to authorize the admission of that
part of tht Territory as a State into the Union.
Petition for a post í oute from Napoleon to Bloom-
mgton, Wisconsin Territory. Petition praying for
the location ot a land olnce at Mount Pleasant
Henry county, Wisconsin Tei nlory. Petition foi
post routes in Wisconsin Territory. Petition lor a
post route in Wisconsin Territory. Petition pray-
ing for the survey of a route for a railroad fiom
the Mississippi uver, at Du Buque, to Mitwaukie,
Wisconsin Ttrntory. Petition for a post route in
Wisconsin Territory. Petition of George W. Raw-
hngs. Petition praying foi an additional appro-
priation to complete the State house at Madison,
Wisconsin Territory.]
Also, by Mr. ANDERSON of Maine, Mr. COR-
W1N, oí Ohio, and Mr. SIBLEY, of Ne« Yoik,
those gentlemen having been out of their seats
when their respective States were called.
MR. BOON'S RESOLUTION.
Mr. BOON rose and asked permission of the
House to make an explanation in íeteience to
himself.
Leave being gi anted—
Mr B proceeded. He said it would be recol-
lected that, some days sipee, he had offered a reso-
lution, the object of which was to equalize the cur-
lency lecetvable for the public dues. That resolu-
tion was, however, decided to be out of order, in-
asmuch as the same subject, m a somewhat
different foi m, was already before the House under
two resolutions presented by gentlemen from Ohio
and Kentucky, [Messrs. Bond and Williams]
The former gentleman promptly withdrew his pro-
position, but the gentleman from Kentucky adhered
to his; and Mr. B. had no alternative, therefore, left
him to ainve at his object but to move to take up
Mr. Williams's resolution, not with a view
to its adoption, but oí asking the gentleman so
to modily it as to substitute that oí Mi. B.
This morning he thought he had made an ar-
rangement with that gintleman, so Jar as h&
[Mr. B ] was concerned, to accommodate the
measure. The gentleman pnsented 10 Ml. B a
modification, which it was his intention, he said, to
send to the Chair upon the suspension of the rules,
and which Mr. B. accepted. Alter that, the gentle-
man proposed a furthei amendment, -which he said
he intended to offer, but which Mr. B could not
accept The gentleman then said that his resolu-
tion might lie on the table, and, added Mr. B. as'I
have no disposition t  adopt it, unless the gentle-
man changes his opinion, and substitutes my reso-
lution 01 the modification of it, I have no other al-
ternative lelt me, sir, but to take my seat.
Oi motion of Mr JOHNSON of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Tn-
badeauville to Knoblocks, in the interior of New
Fourche, State ol Louisiana.
On motion of Mr. Allen oí Ohio,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Ro<\ds be instructed to mquite into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from
Cleav eland, Ohio, through Independence, Breck
ville, Richfield, Bath, Copley, Morton, and Clin-
ton, to Massillon, in the county oi Stark.
On motion  of Mr. DOWNING,
Resolved, That ihe Committee on Territories be
instructed to inquire into the expediency oí íean-
riexing the counties of Franklin and Calhoun to
ihe Western Judicial District of Florida, and of
confirming the ¡aw of the L gislativc Council of
said Ternioiy, passed at it  last session, to divide
said count cs", and lor ulhei purposes, relatii.g to
i aid division.
On motion of Mr. McKENNAN,
Hesohed, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads   be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from Bran-
donville, in the Slate of Virginia, to Byant's post
office, m the State of Pennsylvania.
O.i motion of Mr. SHIELDS of Tennessee,
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing
compensation to the legal representatives of Dr.
James tt. Chiars, for services performed by him as
assistant surgeon of the army m Florida.
On motion of Mr. CARTER of Tennessee,
Resolved, That the Commitle on Roads and Ca-
nals inquire into the expediency of authorizing a
survey ot the Tennessee river above the Muscle
Snoals, and of the river Holston from its mouth to
Kmgsport, m Sullivan county, m Tennessee.
On motion of Mr. EDWARDS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of extending the route No. 708 from
Ephratah, through Pleasant Valley, to Newkirk's
Mills, in Montgomery county ,and State of N.York.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then moved that the
House go into Committee on the state of the Union
on the appropnation bills.
Mr. GARLAND ol Louisiana gave notice, that
when in committee, he should move to take up the
pre-emption rights bill.
Messrs. BRIGGS, WHITTLESEY, and EVE-
RETT, requested the gentleman not to press that
motion, but suffer the balance of the day to be
devoted to the cuirent business, and the latter gen-
tleman objecting—
Mr CAMBRELENG moved a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. BOON asked for the yeas and nays, Which
were ordered.
Mr PETRIKIN moved a call of the House.
refused
The motion to suspend being agreed to—yeas
106, nays 37—the House accordingly íesolved
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, Mr. HOWARD m the Chair.
Mi. CAMBRELENG, after referring to the
number of protested diafts still unpaid by the Go-
vernment, and stating that he desired to have that
protested paper paid beiore proceeding to other
business, moved to take up the following bill:
"A bill making appropriations for the prevent-
ing and suppressing Indian hostilities for the year
1838, and lor arrears for the year 1837."
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana, pursuant to his
nonce given abo\e, then moved to take up the pre-
emption rights bill, saying that he feared the other
bill uould cause an extended discussion, and it was
important that the bill he moved should be acted
upon without delay.
The committee accoidmgly rose and reported
that fact to the House.
Messrs. CAMBRELENG, OWENS, and CUSH-
MAN simultaneously moved a call of the House,
for the purpose of procuring a quorum, but the
motion was suspended till the Speaker counted the
House, and upon ascertaining that a quorum was
actually present, the House again went into com-
mittee, and the question being agau propounded,
i n taking up the bill to suppress Indian hostihtes,
&c it resulted, taken by tehers, as follows- ayes
94, noes not counted.
This bill was accordingly 'aken up, and having
been read through by the Clerk-
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he was at a loss how
to proceed, if he did not make a speech, it would
be alleged by some that he left the bill to be fought
by the Opposition, and if he did make a speech, it
might be alleged by some as it had been by ihe
gentleman from Pennsylvania on a former occa-
sion, that he would be the cause ot any de'ay and
debate that might follow. lie briefly stated the
necessity ol a speedy action, saying that §700,000
ot protested dratts were now 1}ing, and thesutftr-
Kig tell, not upon the Government, but Upon indivi-
duals who were forced by delay into the hands of
brokers snd money shaveis, at miaous sacrifices.
This part of the appropriation shou'd be immedi-
ately acted upon as a matter of justice. In rela-
tion to the «ar in Florida, he remarked that he
thought it was now brought nearly to a close; and
he did not think a dollar would be required after
these appropriations to maintain that war, and that
no extraordinary appropriations would hereafter
be wanted. The appropriations for the support of
military force, in the Cherokee country, was'fo-
tended to preserve that people from hostilities with-,
the neighboring citizens.  * <
Mr. CAMBRELENG then submitted  some
amendments, which were adopted.                         -s
Mr. EVERETT then offered a paper, which he
said he should offer ata future time, asan amendment
to the bill, the object of which was to afford justatiti
equitable compensation to the Indians, and soon
as he thought would induce the Cherokees to re-
move, probably in the course of this fallí He~
said he did not know that the amendment would
meet the views of the Government or the Indians,
for he had consulted with neither party, but he
wished the paper printed, that it might be consider-
ed and acted upon hereafter. The following is a
copy of the paper:
For the payment to the Cherokee na-
tion, after their emigration, the sum
stipulated in the 1st art. of the
treaty of 29lh December, 1835,
deducting $500,000 under the 2d
art. and §400,000 invested under
the 10th art.        -           -           -    $4,100,000
Provided, the Cherokee   nation as-
sent so to receive it.
To enable the President to repur-
chase the lands ceded by the 2d
art. of said treaty -                                  500,000
For payments to the Cherokee na-
tion for the benefit of the Chero-
kees who have not taken the-ben-
efit of said treaty
1.  For compensation in full for all
claims for their improvements     -      2,250,000-
2.  For compensation for personal
property which may be abandoned,
not provided for by said treaty     -<          750,700
3.  For compensation for spoliations
in full      -                                              300,000
4.  For commutation for claims fe r
pensions under 14th art. -           -           50,000
Provided, that no part of the appropriations in this
article shall be expended, unless a majority of such
Cherokees, shall have emigrated west of the Mis-
sissippi by the 1st of January next; nor until the
said Cherokee nation east shall have agreed so to
receive said sum.) in full for said claims.
For compensation to such Cherokees
as shall emigrate at their own es-
pense,  by  1st January next,   at
$33* per head < 15,000 Cherokees)           500,000
Forsubsistence, extended to eighteen
months, to such emigrants, $50 per
head, (15,000 Cherokees)             -          750,000
Mr. BELL remarked, that he considered the bill
one of the utmost importance, and he wished to
offer an amendment, with some remarks. If- his
amendment should be met with an amicable spirit,
he should not go at length info the subject; and hi
should not, whatever he might think of the expe-
diency or justice of the Florida war, do any thing
to oppose the appropna'ions tot that object. He1
then offered the following amendment-
"Provided, that if the President shall ascertain
that all dissatisfaction and further opposition on the
part of any portion of the Cherokee Indians to the
treaty ot 1835 can be allayed or avoided by allow-
íag an additional compensation for lands ceded to
the United States by said treaty, and that thereby
the Government may be saved the expense of keep-
ing up the large militaiy force within the Cherokee
country now contemplated, lie is hereby authorized
to apply two millions of dollars of the sum appro-
priated by this net to that object."
The amendment of Mr. Cambreleng, above
alluded to, was adopted.
Mr. C VV1BRELENG suggested that the amend-
merit ol Mr. Everett was not in order upon this
bill, which was for Indian hostilities, and would be
bettei to be proposed to the bill for Indian annui-
ties, v, hen it should come up. There was, also, an
objection to the amendment of Mr. Bell, tho'u°h
not so stiong, but he would not press it then.
Mr. WISE then moved that the committee rise
and report progress; which motion prevailed.
