CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
astrous consequences, the Secretary was induced
aiai ut0 falter m can7mg int0 execution a treaty
■which it was apparent could by no means be got
over.   And -what motive piompted this pretended
Cherokee delegation1!    Why the whole secret of
this matter could be learned by the propositions in
the third article of the treatv submitted by John
Ross, which were, that all moneys due to  the na-
tion should be paid to the principal chiefs,, to be by
Ihem disposed of  for   the benefit of the  tribe
Here was the whole  secret.    It was to get the
control of the money,  not foi   (he benefit of ihe
po&r Indians, but to enrich John Ross and his as-
sociates,   while  the rest of the tribe were to be
ground down to the dust     Under the stipulations
of the former treaty, the Indians were dealt with m
a ffiofe liberal manner    The money was to be fan-
}y distributed, and not to be given  to John Ross,
who assumes to  be  Ihe head of the nation, and
hence his furious opposition to the treaty.    Again
another article of this proposition is,  that the In-
dians are to be protected m their present abodes un-
til the Legislatures of the several States mtetesled
can be consulted.     The Legislatures of Georgia
and Alabama, would not be in session till the lall,
and m the State of Tennessee theie  must  be a
¿ailed session, as- the Legislature will not meet till
October, 183a.   Here, then, was to be a postpone-
ment for three years ot a solemn treaty concurred
in by this House and sanctioned by the other, and
in the mean time a body of troops is to be fept up,
to protect the Indians, though not a word was said,
he believed, about protecting the white population.
And now he would ask, what sort of force would
be required'  Why, they must keep up an army to
restrain the Indians and white people irom coming
m conflict with each other.   We, said he, hav e had
some experience on the subject.    We have had the
Cherokee part of Alabama held under mat tial law,
and We have s^en a mihtaiy couit martial undir-
take, in effect, to usurp the functions of our courts
of law.
What was the present state of things in that
country'' General Scott was now there with troops
in the field, or shortly   be there, to the amount
of 7,000, so that the principal part of the expense
of removing these people was already incurred
The mihtia'called out, to the number of 5,000, were
already there, or would reach theie before any or-
ders from the Secretary of War, countermanding
them, could probably get there Mr. C. regretted
exceedingly the step that had been taken. He had
told the Secretary frequently that the most dangerous
consequences would ensue if the treaty was not
carried into effect, and that his duty to his constitu-
ents, as well as humanity to the Indians, rtquned
that he should lay before him the true state of things
m that country.
Mr. WEBSTER expressed his regiet that this
paper was not approved by gentlemen representing
the States concerned. Their approbation was very
important, as it would have a more favorable pffect
on the public mind. Mr. W. would now consmer
only the question of its present disposal, and it
struck him that it ought to be refemd to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. There was a strong and
growing feeling m the country that great wrong had
been done to the Cherokees by the treaty of New
Echoia. But Mr W would not consider that now
Here was a communication from the Executive, le-
quesung the action of Congress on thissubject, and
Mr W thought the proper course was to refer it
to the appropriate committee He moved, there-
fore, to refer it to the Committee on Indian Aflairs,
and hoped it would be done without provoking d s-
cussion.
Mr STRANGE thought the discussion rathei
premature He would not have risen to «¡ay a
single word, might he not have been supposed to be
remiss with regard to the feelings ol the peo-
ple of his State in relation to the matter. It was
true that he, like the Senators from Alabama, liad
not been consulted, nor did he believe his colleague
had, nor was there any intimation given. Whether
it was improper on the part of the Secretary not to
have done so, he left for others to decide; neither
was he prepared to give any decided opinion in
relation to the document. His first impressions
were such as had already been expressed; but he
believed it would be unacceptable to the people of
his State, and would create a great deal of unplea-
sant excitement He agreed with the Ssnator from
Massachusetts, thai the subject ought to be respect-
fully c nsidered, as well from the importance of
the mailer as tne high source from which it ema-
nated, and he believed the direction indicated by
that Senator to be the light one.
Mr. GRUNDY, after a ftw words which were
not heard, said he thought the vote of the Senate
had settled for e er the question of the validity of
this treaty With regard to consulting the States
interested, the State of Tennessee could not be con-
sulted, for her Legisla'ure would not be in session
until ajear from next October The Legislatuie
of that State, at its last session, under the faith of
the existing tieaty, and believing that u wa^ to be
carried into effect unaltered in any of its provi-
sions, had provided ioi the sale of all the lands
withm the Indian boundary, withm a very short
period. The oíhcera and surveyors were all ap-
pointed, and the sale wa? diiected lo take place for
the benefit of the State, and not of the General Go-
vernment All the legislation of the State, there-
fore, in relation to this subject, would be set aside,
ii the treaty was not earned into effect For him- ■
self, he coald only say that the treaty had been
made, and that it had been íatified by the constitu-
tional authorities oi the Government, and that so
far as his State was concerned, he should very re-
luctantly do any thing to change it As to what it
would be proper im this Government to do to carry
this treaty into effect wnh as little trouble as possi-
ble, why, if more money was required, he would
cheerfully give it, but as to letting the Indians re-
mam where tncy were, it was out ol the question,
and if it was the lasi volt, he was to give, he could
not vole foi it. To let them remain would inevita-
bly lead to bloodshed
Mi LUMPKIN stood i n rather ditieientgiounds
in iclalion to this subject from most persons. From
tunc to time he had been conferred with in his ofti-
cial station by the Executive of the country He
had communed with the present and late President
in relation lo this aflair He had never entertained
but one opinion, and that was to execute w ith
fidelity the late treity Mr L s-ud he was awaie
that many of the Indians weie opposed to it, and
he thought ihem honest in then views The Exe-
nitive was disposed to treat them with kindness
and humanity, and he was persuaded that the most
liberal ftelmgs were indulged towards these unfor-
tunate people The Gov eminent wished somethti g
done to soothe thi m, and allay their excited feel-
ings Mi L «ould say to diem firmly, but im-
pel atively, "tlu Uenly muil bi executed'"
It might be due to the Secretary of Wai, said
Mi L to state that he [Mr L ] had been consulted
in relation to ilus matten, from v htch consultation,
he presumed, this document might have resulted
lie told the Secretary ol War that he would be as
icady as any man, and would go as far in acts of
kindness and humanity to this unfortunate people
The communications he had made to the War De-
paitment, he piesumed, would be found on file
theie, although they weie addressed as a pri-
vate letter. If any accommodation could be
made by giving them some additional com-
pensation, no one could be more willing
than himself to eileet such a measure, but
it was necessaiv they should he íemoved,
and that at once Mi L alluded to the murder of
the Surveyor Geneial of his Stat", and shortly
after, his ferryman, all which murders he attributed
to the Indians, and said, as far as his State was
concerned, there would be no compromise Mi
L contended that the countenance these Indians
had received here had been the cause of much of
this excitement Evil had been, and more would
still be, brought on the Cnerokee people by Ross
and his immediate associates So far as it was
sought to delay or check the fulfilment of Ihe treaty,
th« document would have no more effect than the
paper he held m his hand The decree had gone
forth, and they must go
Mr KING observed that it was not his design to
entei into any discussion with regard to the merits
of this paper. He studiously avoided it His only
object was to lay the paper down, to give him an
"■                                                                                                                             "                                                                    "" °r jL —*
opportunity of bestowing on it such an examina-
tion as would enable him to decide upon the best
couise to take with regard to it. He was content,
therefore, that it should take the duecUon proposed
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [*y[r Web-
ster,] and be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs He sincerely regretted that such a paper
had ever been transmitted to them The State
of Alabama was deeply interested m the ques-
tion, as the most of these people being re-
sidents within her border1-. Yet not one word
had been said to her delegation on the sub-
ject He felt confident that the object of the Se-
cretary was a good one, but it was to correct those
who could not be consulted, and if, said Mr. K.
\ ou were to adopt the paper to-morrow, these peo-
ple (the Cherokees) would not be satisfied- «-hey
would still ask for more He feaied that * > -> ex-
citing subject had been taken up for - 'u cal
effec f, and he would <=ay that those who cL _d it
ought to be aware that it may terminate i ;' ad-
ding the blood of hundreds and thousand Ke
was perfectly content that the document t'iojli
take the direction proposed by the Sei^ ->r fren
Massachusetts, and that the Committee o ' indian
Affairs should give it a thorough scrutuy *f they
could suggest any thing to ameliorate tk  ojpd'üoi
oí these unfortunate people, and render t^j execu-
tion ot the treaty more acceptable to them, he
would cheerfully agree to it. But he must in 'St
that peace shall be preserved, our people, said be,
are among them, and their safety must not be
jeopardized. He was prepared to give the Indians
as much tune as could be given without producing
injunous consequences. How long a time woufd
be necessary he could not say, but they must s. ow
i disposition to go, and commence their prep na-
tions tor removal m good faith In sayms- tl at ho
wasdispo">d to rive these people some Itth u da
time, it wis undei this single consideration, hat
they had been induced by those who were >heu-
agents here to believe that they could make ows
arrangement, by which they would be jiermi*' rl o
ipi mm where they now aie and, consequently ¡
forcing them off immediately, without sufiicieic
piep&ration, would occasion them some loss
Mr CUTHBERT confessed that he Ud biea
much surprised at the tenor of the comati' ic? lion,
just read, and .one which he had not the s ,hteot
reason for anticipating No information c\ uY,
subjtc* had been pflorded him by the D i °<it
of War, or bv any poition of ihe _ ti \irf
branch of the Government It surp * \\ v.m
greatly to find that there was ?ny idea oi u vng-
mg a trer-ty solemnly íatified, on the Vdy i ve of
its tulfilment, and he was the more surprise 1 at
the ide<,i of consulting the States interested, when
the veiy act itself of consulting them was tocr -age
the treaU To-morrow was the day appointed for
executing H, and yet it was proposed to consult
the State of Georgia, six or seven hundred <üJes
off, lor the purpose of changing a treaty which
was to go into effect to-morrow Let the gentle-
man from Massachusetts he said, be cautious not
to give too much consequence lo this interpo-
sition (f ttie Executive Let him be cautious, as
wed from considerations of humanity toward"! thoíe
unfortunate wretches, as regard for the peace
of the people of Georgia, not to give too much
importance to this communication, for this treaty
would assured! v be carried into effect, and any
obMicles thrown m its way must produce the
most fatpl results Would the interposition at this
moment rxcte malignant feelings, a desite for re-
vé ige, and bitter hostility between the two races?
If so, then let gentlemen reflect on the the dan-
gerou consequences of such interposition. Ha
should be j,lad if gentlemen would suffer this
paper to rest for a few days. He was averse 'o
any action on it, that would awaken hopes thpt
never could be realized, and excite feelings which
w ould end in scenes of mischief and bloodshed Let
me, he said, prevail on gentlemen to pursue such
a course as will allay excitement, and avoid the
giving of fake hopes to those already too much
deluded people
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he concurred in the
view taken by the Senator from Georgia He had
oo many indications m  another quarter lately m
