V&tfaRÉ&SIOttáL GLOBE.
405
ness of th« House, and said before they proceeded
to business, he wished to aseertain if a quorum
was present He would not make a motion on
the subject, unles-  tnere was a mode oí ascertain-
ing how many oi those gentlemen who voted yes-
terday to meet at 10 o'clock were present
The CHAIR, on counting the House, ascertain-
ed there weie only 87 members present, where-
upon,
Mr CHAPMAN moved a call of the House
Mr CALHOUN oí Massachusetts asked for the
yeas and najs, as the call of the roll would be suf-
ficient, probably, to procure the attendance of a
quorum, and being ordered, they weie, yeas G3,
nays 66, so the call was refused.
Mr. McKENNAN, on leave, presented a memo-
rial for a post route
Mr. STUART, from the Committee of Claims,
made an unfavorable report on the case of Zacha-
nah Phillips, which was laid on the table
Mr. LYON, on leave, presented a petition on
the subject of the cuirency, which was laid on the
table.
Mr. HASTINGS, from the Comrmttpe of
Claims, made an unfavorable leport on the case of
---------Buinsides
Mr. WHITTLESfiY of Ohio, from the same
committee, made an unfavorable report on the re-
solution directing that committee to inquire mto the
expediency of extending the piovisions of the act
of 1837, to pay foi the noises lost by the Indiana
and Illinois rangera, and moved that it lie on the
table.
Mr. GRAHAM of la solicited the gentle-
man to move its reference to the sime Committee
oí the Whole havmu chaigc oí the bill, to which
Mr W. assented, and the subject took tint ic-
ferenee
Mr. MARTIN, from the Committie on the Ju-
diciary, moved to be discharged J rom the further
consideiation of the memorial oí Robert II White
and others, which was agreed to
Mr CORWIN, irom the same committee, moved
that the memonil of Captain Hart, on the subject
of steam navigation, and that the «me be referí til
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to whom a bill on the same subject hid
been referred, which was concurred m
Mr CRAIG, irom the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported Scnite bill (or the u lief of
Captain John Tillord, with a recommendation that
it do not pass' and the bill was laid on the table.
Mr EVERETT, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs,reported Senate bill, with an amendment,
to provide ¡or the secunty and piotntion of tin
emigrant and oiher Jndi ms west ol the States of
Missouri and Atkansis
Mr. EVERKIT, on lca\ e, laid on the t íble an
amendment lo th^ rules, which proposes to piovide
that a member cm be entitlid to voteil hers within
the bai at the calling o! the last name on the loll,
which lies ovei
Mr BELL piesented seveial oommumcitiotis
forwarded to that committee irom the War Deptrt-
ment, and they were refened to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. WISE, Aorn the Ciminittee on Naval Af-
fairs, made an imiavoiable íeport on the tueino-
n?l of the heirs tí William Johnson, which was
laid on the table
Mr HOFFMAN, from  the Committee on  Fo-
reign Aifaiis, repotted a bill foi the rein f of Tho
mas ap Catesbv Jones
Mr. JOHiNSOiVot Vngmia, iiom the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pi nsions, reported a bill
granting a pension to Reuben Murray, of the State
of Virginia.
DUELLING REPORT
The unfinished business of the morning: hour
was then resumed, which was to print 10,000 extia
copies of the journal and evidence of the com-
mittee appointed to inquire into the causes which
led to the death of the late Hon Jonaíhaiv CUlley
The question pending was on the motion of Mr
FAIRFIELD, to print a like numbei of copies of
the reports.
Mr. MASON of Ohio was eat tied to die floor,
and was about to resume, when
Mr. OWEN.S asked him to give way for a mo-
tion to go into committlee on the bill in relation to
the explosion of steamboat boilers He said the
consideration of the bill would occupy but a [ew
minutes, as there was no desire, he believed, on
the part of any one, to protract it by debate.
Mr. MASON replied that he preferred going on
then, and declined yielding. Mr. M. then pro-
ceeded with his remarks in review of the report of
the majority of the committee, and to show that
they had not assigned the true causes for the death
of Mr. Cillet, but, without concluding, he gave
way to the orders of the day
OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. ELMORE, having waived his right to the
floor, the message of the President of the United
States, on the above subject, together with the in-
structions, as given in Tuesday's proceedings, v. ere
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Sundry bills from the Senate were taken up,
read twice, and referred to then appropriate stand-
ing committees
CHEROKEE INDIANS.
Mr McKAY asked leave to offer the following
resolution-
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai be directed
to communicate to tins Hou->e, with as little delay
as practicable, the amount that will be requited ior
the additional allowances proposed by him to be
made to the Clierokees, in ¿is letter to John Ross
and otheis, underdate of the 18th May, 1838, spe-
cifying under separate heads the amount necessary
under each
Mr. YELL objecting,
Mr. BELL moved a suspension of the rules,
which tuas agreed to without a division, and the
i evolution being under consideration, would he
over one day, under the íule
Mr YLLL objected to us present consideration,
and thereupon
Mr BELL apara moved a suspension ol that
rule, which was agreed to, and the resolution
adopted.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES
On motion of Mi CAMBRELENG, the House
again resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, Mr Hon \rd in
the Chan, and resumed the consideration of the
"bill makuig appropriations for pievtntmg and
suppressing Indian hostilities for the }cai IS 38,
and for anearago  for the year 1837 "
The question was on the following amendment
submitted on Monday last by Mr BELL, by add-
ing to the end of the bill the following
" Ptondcd, That, ii the President shill aseeitim
tint all discontent and further opposition on ih
part ot am portion of the Cheiokcc Indians to th
treat) of eighteen bundled and thirty-five can be
allayed or avoided, bv allowing an additional com-
pensation foi the lands ceded to the United States
bv said treaty, and that the Government may
theieby be saved the expense of keeping on foot
the large military íoice m the Cherokee country
now contemplated, he is hereby authorized to ap-
ply two millions of the sum appropriated by this
aet to that object."
Mi WISE, who was entitled to the floor, wen
oa at h ngth to review and condemn the f herokee
treaty, as a fraud peipetrated by Paison Scnemer-
horn and Agent Curry The compact between the
federal Government and the State of Georgia, he
insisted, was not binding uron the thud piny, the
Cherokees He was ior compelling Georgia to
abide the action of the Federal Government, and
to castigate her if she refused to obey the liws of
the General Government, for he would taite sides
with justice He said this, too, as a State Rights
man. A State was bound to obedience, and could
be coerced to it on refusal In the course of his
remarks, having made some refeience to the treaty
with the New York Indians,
Mr. FILMORE followed for a short time m its
defence.
Mr WISE reiterated his allegation, that this
treaty had been brought about by improper means,
by the use of whiskey, and the withholding of the
Seneca annuity.   It was a minority treaty
Mr FILMORE replied that he had made spe-
cial inquiry in reference to whiskey, but found the
charge unfounded, that the treaty was made by a
majority of the chiefs, and the annuity was with-
held only for want of specie, as he understood, and
it was denied by those who knew, that the annuity
was kept back to coerce the Indians into a treaty
Mr WISE rejoined to the latter, and read, in
support of the charge, a letter to Maj. Garland, from.
Mr. Striker, advising the holding back of the pay-
ment, and another to the same effect from Scher-
merhorn, who took upon himself to attend as the
evil genius of the Indians every where.
Mr. TOWNS then proceeded to reply to Mr.
Wise, in the course of which he expressed his re-
giet that such a document as the message of the
President shou d have been sent m; and though he
gave the President credit for good intentions, Mr.
T. could not thank him for it If the knowledge
of it should resell the Indians, blooeished must me-
tilabli ensue Had such a paper have been issued
tv elve months ago, with th consent of the States
interested, it might, perhaps, lm e effected its ob-
ject, but it was too late now The gentleman from
Vngima talked of castigating Georgia. Castigating
foi what' Not for disobeying the laws of the land,
for Mr T insisted that Geoigia was on the side of
the laws, and m adhering to the compact and the
treaty made in pursuance thereof,was maintaining
the laws So far from having nullified, the course
of Georgia had avoided anj such issue He depre-
ci ed, villi much severity, the use of such a term
as that of " castigalion" of a State
Mi. WISE explained that he had made use of
the reraaik, m reply to what was regarded as a
thieat, from more than one member from Georgia,
who declared that, unless this treaty was carried
into effect, Georgia would take hei own rights m
her own hands, and it was in reply to that threat,
that ha had used the teim he had.
Mr. TOWNS continued, and re-asserted his
former point, adding that the House of Represen-
tatives, not 1 eing the treaty-making power, could
not go into an examination of this tieaty, with a
view to Us revocation. Mr. T. however, main-
tained that it was a valid treaty, and went on
to defend the course of Georgia in extending
her criminal jurisdiction over the Indian territory
within her limits, a solemn duty imperatively
imposed ujjpn her from the pretensions of in-
dependent Government, and conflicting laws,
set up by and enacted by the Cheiokees. Hence
this policj, of her's was not of her own seeking,
but grew out of a ambulation of circumstances
over which she had no control Mr T then went
into an examination of the treaty, and maintained
that, in every respect, it uas conformable to all
Othei Indian treaties The whole difficulty, and
the only difheulty, had grown out of John Ross,
who produced it for his own personal benefit, for
he had shown himself, by his own admissions m
his letters to the Secretary of War/to be purchasa-
ble at a price Mr T admitted that the treaty was
made by less than a majority, but Ross repre-
sented a much less number than those who
made it, for he and his friends were in-
vested with power by only about eleven
hundred, out of a number alleged to con-
sist of seventeen thousand So far from Ross
being actuated by a regard for the interests of his
people, oi a love of his country, he was impelled
solely by a love of lucre, and if enough was given
to him, if he was bribed high enough, he would
consent to any treaty, or any modification of the
present one. After dwelling upon the subject
generally for some time, he coneluded, and
Mr MARVIN took the floor, and went on to re-
view and condemn the recent policy of the Govern-
ment towards the aborigines. He then commented
upon the treaty with the Sénecas, and said that the
community which he represented would have
their feelings outraged by any course offiaud or
injustice, and he felt bound to protest against the
course of the Government, in the payment of the
annuity to the Sénecas
Mr. HAYNES objected, as a point of erder,
that the payment of annuities to the Sénecas had
nothing to do with the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities.
Mr. MARVIN Claimed the right, in committee,
to go into the policy of the Government towards
the Indians generally.
