CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            419
tion of most of the other States We want a cur-
rency, Mr. President, of one uniform value ; that,
like the flag of the country, would be received every
where, and be respected every where. It is not hard
money I allude to, but something light and port-
able,suchaswecanpufin our pockets alBoston.and
travel with to Orleans, without loss or interruption.
Such a currency can only be found by the esta-
blishment of a Bank of the United State . Coald
you adjourn us, Mr. President, and let us go
home, I should with great pleasure accompany
you to the Great Crossings on my way to Ashland.
What has become of the resolution of the Senator
from Alabama, about which he appeared so
anxious some weeks since' The time nxed by
him then has already arrived, and why does he
still let it sleep? Here, we can do nothing whereas,
if we went home, we might realize something
from the products of our own labor I must take
occasion, however, to congratulate the country on
the repeal of that odious measure, the Specie Cir-
cular; that indeed was something done, ior which
the people will thanks us.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said, when the Senator
offered the petitions, he did not hear distinctly the
source from whence they emanated It struck his
ear that the first was from a place m Alabama
Will the Senator from Kentucky say, fiom what
place his first petttion came 1
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky, (shaking his head,)
Oh, no, sir; no such thing is to be looked for from
that quarter, at present. If my namesake had been
in his usual listening attitude, he would have dis-
tinctly heard the woid Jamaica, in New Yoik.
Mr. KING observed that there was no danger of
petitions of this character coming from Alabama,
but if they did, they would come from a different
description ot persons than those spoken ol by the
Senator from Kentucky They would have come
from «¡peculators, and not from the industrious and
productive classes of the counliy. He should have
said nothing on this subject, it the Senator fiom
Kentucky had not made an appeal to him < refe-
rence to the resolution for adjournment, and .mnved
his wish to go home in order that he misdit go to
work and do something useful. Why he had al-
ways understood that the honorable Senator was
laboring in hi  vocation here, and that he could bet-
ter promote the great object he had in view by
standing belore the public eye, m his legislative ca-
pacity, than in the less conspicuous walks of pri-
vate life. Why the resolution had not been called
up was obvious to all. It was on its third reading,
and would come up like all the regular business ot
the Senate. After consulting with some membersof
the other Houte better acquainted with theextentand
importance of the business ol that body than any
member of this could be, he had come to the con-
clusion that it would be better to leave it to them
to fix upon the day of adjournment. He had rea-
son to believe that the 2d or 9ih of tuly would be
fixed upon, and more probably the 2d.
Mr. WEBSTER would suggest 10 the Senator
from Alabama the propriety of calling up his reso-
lution, and propose the adjournment for the 2d of
July.
Mr. WRIGHT said it would appear then th t
one of these petitions was (torn a po tion of his con-
stituents, but whether they asked for a bank or the
bank was not shown. The petitions were not read,
and he wished the Senator had enlightened us on
the subject.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama observed that the Sena-
tor   from  Kentucky was   somewhat mistaken—
that he did not designate the description of prisons |
in Alabama who were m favor of a National i
Bank.    His honorable colleague, however, rtid de- |
sígnate them correctly     When he asked the ques
tion he did of the Senator from Ken ucky, he was
under the impression that one of the petitions came
from. Alabama, and if such had been the fact, he
would have felt himself called upon to give some
explanations as to the tone of public sentiment m
the State. One idea struck htm very forcibly while
the Senator Irom Kentucky was speaking, and that
was, if any of them«had been indulging m a Rip
Van Winkle sleep for the last four years, and had
waked up m  the  Senate this morning, under  j
the soand  of the  Senator's voice, they would  |
"ave thought that they were still in the panic ses-
sion of four years ago, and that the Senator from
Kentucky was treating them with one of those
pathetic descriptions of rum and distress, which
wers so frequent during that period There was a re-
markable resemblance between the speeches made
during that same panic session, and those made by
the Senatoi and his friends at this. Then the panic
petitions followed the panic speeches, and were no-
thing but revetberations of theory of ruin, distress,
and bankruptcy which was first uttered on that
floor Now the case was the same. It had been
announced again and again by the Senator and his
friends, that nothing could save us from impending
ruin but a National Bank, and behold the same
thing was reverberated in a bank petition, even con-
forming to that Senator's plan so lately promulgated
He knew as well as his colleague did what class of
person:  it was in Alabama who were in favor of a
National Bank His colleague had justly remark-
ed that it «as not the great body of the peop'e—not
the plantéis—not the productive class, it was not
that class known as Southern State rights men who
woe anxious lor such an institution. Bui the Na-
tional Bank men m Alabama were a veiy diffei-
ent description of persons-, and formed but a very
small part of its population.
Mr BUCHANAN called for the reading of the
petition from Connecticut
Mr CLAY, of Kentucky, said whethei the peti-
I tions proposed to grant charters to any existing
¡I institution"!, or to establish a new one, did not
appear. While up, he would like the Senator from
Alabama to define what he mtant by ' iptculators "
He thought it stiange that the Senator, without any
knowledge of the parties, or the fechngi oí the com-
munity from which these i ocumetits emanated,
should undertake to denounce them in that whole-
sale imnner He, Mr C would venture to assert
that if Hie Senatoi wuit home, and met his consti-
tuents in large bodies, at the Methodist or Biptist
meeting house--, or would mix among them fami-
liarly, take his chew of tobacco in his mouth, and
tattle with his neighbors, he would find a much
larger portion m favor of a bank than he was
aware of    '
Mi CLAY, of Alabama, said he ought to know
the feelings and wishes of the people of his own
Slate. If there was any change in their sentiments,
in relation to a National Bai k, it must be of very
recent origin. He must be permitted to premise,
however, lhat, so fai as he was able to judge, from
conespondence, and the indications oí the public
press, the Bank and its friends were losing ground
every day. He knew the people of his State were
too much alive to their own interest, and too much
enlightens!, to be chained to the car ot a United
States Ban!.—to surrender the Government of the
Constitution, bequeathed to them by their fathers,
for that ot a moneyed corporation.
Mr N1LES said that the petition which had just
been read appears to have come from his own
Slate, and he was sorry to perceive that it contained
upon its face a statement which he believed to be
entirely incorrect, and which was calculated to im-
pose upon the Senate and the country. The peti-
tion sutes that it was signed by persons without
distinction of parly—a statement which he was
porsuaded could not be tine in any proper sense of
the language He had not seen the names, and
must move to have them read, that he might as-
ceitam «hat tiuth there was m the statement to
which he referred.
[Several Senators objected on account of the
length ot the list, and the time it would consume ]
Mr N said he would waive the motion then,
and would repeat the expression of his decided
opinion that the jietition contained a false state-
ment on its face. He thought he knew something
of public opinion in his own State, and particular-
ly of his political friends, who were almost unani-
mously opposed to a National Bank in any form.
He knew something about this petition; it was, m
his opinion, essentially a political manoeuvre ; it
was started the very day after the election. One
of the Senator's friends, a Whig of some distinc-
tion, and late president of a bank, the very day
after the election, called on a venerable Democrat,
one who was such m the days of Jefferson, and
had maintained his integrity to this day, and urged
him to sign a petition for a NaliOi al Bank; the
same, he presumed, now on our table. But this
honest old Democrat discovered the esign at once,
and refused to sign it.
Sir, the object was to obtain a lew .rimes of thg;
Democracy—some half a dozen m eh answer the-
purpose—a slight Democratic spa... . ig, s > as to 
give a color to the statement on the f^ce of the pe-
tition that it was signed without distinction of par-
ties Whether any names ha 1 been obtained,
enough to give the list the requisi e sprinkling, he
could not say, not having exam ned ilium , but if
such was the fact, it would not bear out the state-
ment that it wa« signed without distinction of pat-
ties. The question of a Nationil Tank was in his;
State, and he believed in most others, distinctly and
emphatically a party question o one v,j0fa e
so, and yet Congress and the counuy aie told mat
Ihis peation comes here from both political parties.
Su, the statement is decept..e <.nd essentially
false, and he did not hesitate to pm.ioi nee it so.
| Mr. CLAYofKy snid it w?s signed by persons of
every class in life, as was appa i t froi i the sig-
natures, and by persons ofevuy patty, Federal,
Democratic, and, he dare say, Ce iisei tat ve. The
fact was, that there was a succession of pmics of
late to the gentleman and hisfuends They began
in Mame, and had extended themsel ts to the Se-
nator's own State, from whence tnr  bad reached:
to Mississippi.
Mr. NILES.   The Senator coiiipiains  lhat he
(Mr N ) had assai'ed a petition from his own con-
stituents, and chargid it with being false, without
having examined it, and when it was evic'tnt, froi 
his own remarks, that he had no mem  ot know-
ing    Mr N said he did not say lb it the general
statements ot the petition were false   most of tne
| petition consists of opinions and  u umenis, and
although he might dissent from  thun, he did not
charge them with being fake, he hid only said that
one stalement, that which icpre < ntnl the memo-
rial as emanating from both po'iti-al parties, w,i<s
deceptive, and essentially false     And he had not
made this charge unadvisedly,or without good rea-
sons, he had made it from his genertl knowledge
of public sentiment, viluch was suiliL ent to justify
him in saying tha', in the fair and p¡oper accepta-
tion of the language, the statement a uld not be
correct.    But he had other reasons   The Senator's
Whig friends were in the habit of prociising tucks
of this son, they attempted  to give fins no-pai'y
character to a political mot ting  m  his town last
fall, at  whuh  certain political  miwonanes held
forth, and abused  the Admimsiratiori  m no mea-
sured terms,  and even the Govern >r ot  the S'ale,
in his official message, declared that the recent elec-
tion, which  had brought him and  the Legislilure
whom he addressed into power, was not to be re-
garded as a party triumph. This was a more solemn
declaration than that in this petition, and was made
in defiance of public opinion, when every man in
the State knew that the contest bid ¡ ot only been i
party ¡.truggle, in the ordinary sense, ou' ihai it had
been characterized by a spirit of party violence and
malignity, and by acts of coercion and oppression,
never before witnessed m the State, and by piac-
tices which, if not amounting to br bery and cor-
ruption, ceitamly approached veri r¡c¡ír to them.
Such abuses and outrages against lhe rights of suf-
frage had never before been witnessed in the State,
there was something of the kind m 1834, although
it fell greatly short of what had occurred m the late
election, when all the banks had laken the field—
some of their presidents being candidates for high
offices—and had exerted all the influence that be-
longs  to  those  powerful political ena nes     The
banks could easily control the merchants an 1 ma-
nufacturers, who were their debtois, wno, m many
instances, attempted to coerce and oppress the la-
borers in their employ     Factories   were,  stepped,
and business suspended, and honest laooiers veie
given to understand that they cou' I exoeet no fur-
ther employment un i!  there woe  be ter  times,
which could not be until there was a charge of
rulers.   The bad times were charged entirely to
the wicked measures of the Adinm stratinn, and
many honest persons were deceived mío that belief
What misrepresentation and deception could not
