4'20                                                CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
...,,,,    .-...,  ,,,                                          i                                                   i............ ,.........    i.......... i  .....f
i -comphsh, was effected by intimidation, coercion,
and oppression of the moot outrageous character,
the whole moneyed power of the State being
brought to bear on public opinion in every possible
way and form Every interest was attempted to
be subsidized, and a bait thrown outto every class
*he raihoad companies, a sectarian college, the
4bó'itiomsts, and all others, were to be gratified
wuh all they asked, and all they desired, in case
the Whigs sjeceeded. Well, sir, after an election
had been carried by means like these, the people
were insultingly told that it was not a party tri-
umph but a result brought about by a union of
,in  es.
A ri<-r all these promises, made so profusely and
unscrupulously to all classes, we have seen, sir,
how they have been fulfilled, and what Whig pro-
mi es are worth The Legislature have now been
in section for four or five weeks, industnously em-
ployed, not m redeeming their pledges, but in de-
vising excuses for violating them. They have
found that it was one thing to make promises be-
fore elections, and another to fulfil them after-
wards But they have labored hard to do it, and
shown a becoming zeal to restore the currency, re-
gulate exchanges, and put an end lo the hard times
brought on by the wicked measures of this Ad-
mui"-tiitioii, the) have been very anxious to re-
lieve the people from their di,tres-- «ind suff rin¡,s,
bu', unfoimiutely, ha\e been unabltf to agree on
the. means of effecting so much good Bat, finally,
«.iter a long and laborious struggle, they seemed to
have decided on the proper measure for relieving
the people, and bring about good times once more.
Th « mearme was also recommended on account
of i's consistency with Whig principles, and the
p< i (<• t harmony it proved between their principles
ana piac'ices, be&'dcs, it very happily illustrated
their ' spoils" doctrine, and their utter aversion to
ofices, officc-holdeis, and office-seekers, of which
we has e heard so much Well, sir, what do ycu
think this wondeiful measure is which is to relieve
the people, restore the currency to a sound state,
legulale the exchanges, revive business, set the
faetones going, and fulfil all the promises which had
bee>i made to the íailroad companies, the friends of
a college, th1 Abolitionists, the Conservatives, and
Lit          1   Y/ny, sir, it is a very powerful and ef-
r      i     mi v    -e, and is nothing more nor less than
•>   i          jicji of a'I the Democrats fi oía office. Now,
s , i iiy one c'ojbt, that, acccordmg lo the
1 <-1 .oíd, this wonderful remedy will afford ím-
nif- uPte <<ii\ universal rehef to all classses, unless
it be some fev individuals who may think that
thev hive not got their share of the spoils. It will
set the curre it ¡ and exchanges right, make an end
cf the r in c, revive bus.aess, set the banks in mo-
.ion, mal p money p'enty, help every man to pay
his debts, and produce general prosperity. Tim,
sir, is th" great universal Whig measure of relief,
anajs the only one which has been adopted, ex-
cept an act to give greater indulgence to the banks,
'>> auir orizmg them to issue small bills, without
being cumpe'led to redeem them
£ mong other interests brought lo bear on the
election, was that of a National Bank, and ímme-
diatel} after, this petition was started. He regarded
it as essenlirlly a political movement, although he
presumed that most of the signers honestly believed
that <i National Bank might be beneficial Manu-
facturers, vi ho sold their goods m other States, and
who, in common with others, suffered from the de-
ranged state of the currency, "O doubt supposed
that a bank would facilitate their remittances, and
improve the domestic exchanges. In this he dif-
fered with them, but did not doubt their sincerity.
V the pe'itioners have any interest in a bank, it
must be from its supposed influence on the cur-
rency elsewhere, as it could have no beneficial
efket in the Slate. The branch which was esta-
blished there afforded no facilities whatever as to
exchange, over the lrcal banks; and, indeed, was
generally thought not to be so favorable in its deal-
ings
He would state one fact, which would show how
hule interest was felt for a National Bank before it
became a political question. No longer ago than
1832, a general meeting was held in his own town,
attended by most of the cashiers of the local insti-
tutions, which adopted   very   strong   resolutions
against ihe late Bank of the United States
Mr N. said that whenever a memorial was in-
troduced on that subject, and on almost all other
occasions, it made little difference what, we had an
eloquent and flourishing harangue from the Sena-
tor about the Bank, or a Batik, whose praises Were
daily sung, and in the same high key. He had
heard this favorite tune of the gentleman so often,
that it reminded him of what he lately read in a
daily paper, (he hoped the Senator would not think
he meant any offensive comparison,) of a negro
fiddler, who was very proud of his skill, and con-
stantly displaying it, yet could play but a single
tune, called " Pea Straw.'" When any one akked
him to try his hand, he promptly replied, " Very
well, sir; will massa please have Tea Straw?" and
immediately struck up the old tune. Now, sir, the
honorable Senator is very much in the same condi-
tion. He seems to have but one tune, and although
he plays that very skilfully, yet, as we hear it so
often, and on all occasions, it is not surprising that
webecome a little tired of it. The mind likes variety,
and whilst we admire the musical powers of the
Senator, most of us would be better pleased if he
would occasionally give us something besides the
old Bank tune of Pea Stiuw, Pea Shaw.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky observed that he could
with pleasure say that he was on very good terms
with the Senator from Connecticut, and hoped that
they would part on as good terms on the fourth of
March next. One thing the Legislature of Connec-
ticut had done, besides turning out all those worthy
Democrats, and that was, to deprive the Senate of
the benefit of the gentleman's enlightened counsels
He knew nothing of the petitioners, but believed
they were as respectable as any Senator here. He
did not think it was consistent with the Senator's
usual prudence to denounce as untrue what was de-
liberately asserted in that petition, without even
knowing the names of the signers. He was per-
fectly willing to accommodate the Senator, and
would hereafter endeavor to regale his ears with
some other tune. But what had been sung by the
Senator and his friends ever since the commence-
ment of the session? Why, nothing but Sub-Trea-
sury, Sub-Treasury.
Mr. NILES. The Senator informed him that he,
(Mr. N ) seemed to forget one important measure,
which the Legislature had adopted, which was, to
decide that his services here snould cease on the 4th
of March next. Mr. N. was well aware of this
important Whig measure, and thought he had not
omitted it, as it was included in the great relief mea-
sure which he had named, a general sweep of all
the friends of the Administration from office, cer-
tainly included himself, as he was pretty well un-
derstood to be one. Whether this measure will
conduce to the interests of the State and the country,
was not a question for him to decide. His course
heie had at least been open and fearless- he had
endeavored to carry out the true Democratic prin-
ciples of our system of Government, and to support
such measuies as he believed to conduce to the per-
manent and lasting interests of the country. On these
principles and ihe°e measures, he was desirous to
stand or fall. A majority of his State—an acciden-
tal or fortuitous majority, the result of a panic, as
he believed—had decided against him, and he should
cheerfully aquiesce m their decision. He had not
the vanity to suppose that his services here were
of much importance, and, as regarded himself,
public life had no such charms as to give him a
pang at leaving it, retirement to a private station
had no terro.s with him. But he had known some
who had been for years talking about withdrawing
from public life, who seemed desirous to impress
the public with the belief that they were anxious
to get rid of the cares and peiplexities of public
affairs, and that they were only waiting for a favor-
able opportunity to retire to the shades and repose
of private life. Mr. N. said that he recollected
that two years ago two distinguished members of
this body, one distinguished as an orator, the other
not less distinguished as a writer, intimated an in-
tention of retiring from the Senate, and the Senator
from Kentucky, who was one of the gentlemen,
made frequent appeals to the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr.   Hill] to co-operate wi'h him in
several measures, so that they might unitedly render
some htt'e service to their country, before they
withdrew from its councils. Well, sir, his friend
from New Hampshire did retire, as he is very apt
to act as he says he shall act, and is now chief
magistrate oi his State. And for many years' be-
fore, the Senator, on many occasions, has'distinctly
intimated an intention to withdraw from the public
councils of his country; he has endeavored to give
an imposing effect to many speeches and many
measures, on the ground of their being the last
fruits of his experience and wisdom, as he was about
to retire to the shades of Ashland. From time to
time we have had "more of the last words of good
old Richard Baxter" enforced by an affecting ex-
pression of anxiety for the seclusion, the repose,
and the quiet, of the shades of Ashland. But still
the favorable opportunity does not occur. The Se-
nator is still as deeply and ardently engaged in the
party strife as ever, he is still here, sir, and engaged
at the old tune of the Bank, his favorite Pea Straw.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky would assure the wor-
thy Senator from Connecticut that Ashland was a
very pleasant place, and that he should be delight-
ed to be there now to enjoy the comforts it is dis-
pensing; and as the worthy Senator would have a
good deal of leisure after the fortrth .of March next,
he hoped to see him there, where he would fee sure
of being treated with the greatest k. ndnress and hos-
pitality. It was true he expressed an anxious and
sincere wish to retire from the service of the public
—a wish,which, if heshould avow it now,the Senator
would hardly give him credit for it. But there
was one fact to which he would call the Senator's
attention, and that was, he was here by compul-
san, and the Senator would retire by compulsion,
on the 4th of March next He would advise the
Senator to retuefrom public life in a philosophical
temper, and not give way to splenetic and violent
attacks on his own State. Why, the Senator had
not even spared the Governor of his own State, and
declared that his assertion, that he was elected by
both parlies, was wholly untrue. How was th.s?
Were the Whigs in a majority m Connecticut*
Was there no Conservatives there—no converted
Loco Focos? Mr. C. protessted against the un-
worthy and unauthorized imputations that the Se-
nator had cast on the Governor, Legislature, and
citizens of his own State.
Mr. NILES. The Senator repeats his charge,
that I must have done injustice to my own State
which he attributes to personal disappointment.
He speaks of cerlam illustrious names xvhich con-
ferred honor on the State, and alludes to two indi-
viduals now living, and formerly of this body, who,
by the by, are not held m very high estimation by
any party Sir, (said Mr N.) I have said nothing
derogatory to the illustrious names to whom the
Senator alluded, nor have I made any reflections
on the character of the State. He thought he knew
what was due to his State, to its interests, its re-
putation, its honor, and, to the best of his humble
abilities, he had endeavored to defend them He
had spoken of certain dishonest practices which
had bean introduced since the corrupting influence
of banks and money had been brought to bear on
public sentiment, to subdue the public will and
control elections. In reprobating these dishonest
practices, so derogatory to the character of a free
and enlightened people, he had vindicated the cha-
racter of his constituents, who, being strictly a
moral people, never could approve of such prac-
tices as prevailed at the late election. He spoke
without reference to party , for he believed that the
great mass of both parties will equally condemn
all attempts through the power and influence of
money to overthrow private opinion, and subvert
the fundamental right of suffrage. He, with others,
had struggled for years to secure an extension of
that right, and is it now supposed the people of the
State will submit to see it trampled in the dust by
the insolent and debasing spirit of money 2 Far
better would it have been that the elective fran-
chise should have remained as it once was, con-
fined to the freehold, than to be extended to
all, to become the subject of traffic, coercion, and
oppression, so far as respects the poor and depen-
dant. There was no want of the spirit of individual
independence among his  constituents, and such
