Mr. POTTER moved to lay this resolution on
the table.
Mr. REED called for the yeas and nays; which
■were refused.
Mr. MERCER called for tellers; which were
ordered, and were—yeas 80, noes 52.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Alter some conversation lespeeling the situation
of  the bi'l,   &c.   between Messrs.   SHEPARD,
BRONSON, and BOULDÍN,
Mr. PENNYBACKER submitted the following
resolution:
Tne Hon. H. L. Turne? and the Hon. John
Bell having violated the privilege of this House,
by assaulting each other in the House whilst sitting,
it is, there/ore,
Resolved, That the said H. L. Turkey and John
Bell iio apol igise to the House for violating its
privilege and offending its dignity.
Mr. P. said it was a farce to have laws unless
they viere to be entoiced, and he malted that it
was the duty of the House to enforce the rule.
Mr. YELL inquired if the ie*olntion  was not
the same as the one offered by Mr. Mercer.
The SPEAKER said it was not.
Mr. YELL then moved to lay it on the table.
Mr. GRAN V  called for  the  yeas  and   nays;
and while the Clerk was calling the names of raern-
beis—.
Mr. WISE rose, and said it was unnecessary to
go through wit i the proceedings, for he was autho-
rized by both the gentlemen to say that they were
both ready to volunteer their apologies to the
House.
The suspense of the call being objected to, it
was completed, and resulted—yeas 21, nays 155.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. BELL and Mr. TURNEY severally made
their submissions to the House, lor their violation
of order in its committee, both of them disclaiming,
in the moit unqualified terms, the remotest inten-
tion of violating the rules ond orders of the House.
The foregoing resolution of Mr. Piinnybacker
was then, on motion of Mr. TAYLOR, laid on the
table without. division, and,
On motion of Mr. WI3E, the Hou<c again went
into committee.
Mr. BELL resumed his remarks, and went into
a reply m lull, to the allegations of Mr. Tuknby,
and other charges made against him at home, lor
the purpose of vindicating his previous course, and
exonerating his character.
Mr. Bl'LL having concluded his remarks, Mr.
UNDERWOOD follow d briefly, and Mr. 11AL-
STEAD «it length, when the pending amendment
of Mr. Bptl was agreed to—77 to 70.
Mr CAMBRELENG wished the question taken
again, for he wvt, convinced the committee must
have voted under a misapprehension of the ques-
tion. The amendment now agreed to was the
amendment oí Mr. Bell, moved on his own
responsibility, and not the amendment moved, oi
to be moved, by ihe same gentleman, under the
instructions of ths Committee1 on Indian Atlairs,
which the committee supposed they had been
voting upon,
Mr. EVERETT suggested that the vote could
be taken in the House.
Mr. CAMBRELENG appealed to some gentle-
man who had voted with the majority to move a
reconsideration, and asked Mr. Bell if he did not
intend to move ihe amendment oí his committee.
Mr. ANDERSON stated that, having votsd un-
der a misappiehension, for he had supposed the
question was on the amendment of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, he, therefore, moved a reconsi-
deration.
Mr. DROMGOOLE raised the point whether a
motion to reconsider was in order in Committee ol
the Whole.
The CHAIR ruled it to be so, on the ground
that the same orders- and rulesgovernmg the Houfce
were applicable ,n Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GARLAND of Lousiana appealed from that
decision.
Mr. BELL would obviate the difficulty by
moving the amendment of the Indian Committee;
«s to the point raised, bis own opinion was that a
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
motion to reconsider could not be made in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. GARLAND withdrew his appeal; though
he was satisfied the point raised ought to be sus-
tained.
Mr. ANDERSON also withdrew his motion to
reconsider, and
Mr. BELL then submitted the amendment,
which wai as follows, and which he had been in-
structed to move by the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs:
Sec. . Jinlbc it further enacted, That the further
sum of one million forty-seven thousand and sixty-
seven dollars be appropriated, in full, for all the
objects specified in the third amele of the supple-
mentary articles of the treaty of eighteen huidred
and lhirty.five, between the United States and h- .
Cherokee Indians, and for the further object of j|
aiding in the subsistence of said Indians toroiu  "i
year after their removal West- Provided, That no
part of the said sum of money shall be deducted
from the five millions stipulated to be paid to said
tribe of Indians by sud treaty: Jlml provided,
further, That the said Indians -hall receive no be-
nefit from the said appropriation unless ihey shall
complete their emigiation within such time as the
President shall deem reasonable, and without coer-
cion on the part of the Government.
Sec. . Jlivl b' it further enarted, That, for satis-
fying all claims for arrearages of annuities, for
supplying b'ankels and other articles of clothing for
the Cherok>cswho are able to supply themselves
and which may be necessary for their comlortable
removal, and lor medicines and medical assistance,
and for such other purpose* as the President shall
deem proper to facilitate the removal of the Chero-
kees, one bundled thousand dollars.
Ml. B. so modified the amendment as to insert,
where requisite, the wonts "out ol any moneys m ihe
Treasury not oihnwise appropriated."
Mr. WISE mciely wished lo say that it was his
intention, before the committee rose, to have repli-
ed bru fly to some ol the gentlemen who had fol-
lowed hun upon the Chorokne question; but, m the
desue expicssed on all sides lo take this question for
several evenings past, he would forego the privilege
of rejoining to them as he had intended. It had
also been his intention to have taken a full review
of the Florida war, and to have shown the manner
in which that w ir hid been conducted, and the re-
sults it had brought about. He bad intended to
have inad<' dear every proposition which he as-
sisted when Ihe first bill appropriating a million of
dolíais for thnt wtr was under consideration, that
that war was iniquitous in its inception, more ini-
quitous in its conduct, and more disastrous in its
íesitlts, and disgraceful to us as a nation, and that
the e\p-ndiiures of that war have been most extra-
vagant and profligate. lie was prepared also with
official documents to show that it had been a most
brutal and inhuman war, costing this Government
1 millions of treasure and the most piecious blood,
and that it ought not to be prosecuted tn the man-
ner it had heretofore been, but he would not detain
the committee after the numerous cries for question.
In reference to the vote on the former bill, the
official oigan had stated lhat Mr. W. was in his
seat, and skulked iiom the responsibility of voting
on it. That assertion was false He never should
have skulked fiom such a vole as that. Nevei, and
if he were to be alone, the only man among the
representatives of these people, he would stand by
the declaration for ever, that he would not vote
an ther dollar for such a war. No, he would ar-
rest it at once, and order all our forces to return
from Florida instantly, except what were barely
sufficient to protest and restrain the white man
from the Indians. It would be one of the proudest
acts of his life, one of the proudest votes of his
public life, to stand alone upon the journals on
such a question He would not, when humanity,
when justice, when every moral and sacred oblija-
tion due to the countrv and to man, called for its
discontinuance, longer wage such a war
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. EVERETT moved an additional item of
$20,000 to defray the expense of making treaties
with certain hostile Indian tribes: lost.
423
Mr. WISE offered an amendment to be renewed'
in'the House, which was also disagreed to.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee then rose, «em diss, and the bill and amend-
ments were reported to the House.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then moved to non-concur
m Mr. BELL'S own amendment, and to concur in
that of the Committee on Indian Affairs. The
effect of the former, he explained, would be, if
adopted, to renew the negotiations under the
treaty.
Mr. POPE had intended to address the Hous 
at some length, but would forego it in the anxious
desire evinced on all sides to take the question. He
adverted to one point, which was the assumption of
power on the part of the President in ordering
troops to the Cherokee country, without previous
and special authority to do so. There was nothing
in the Constitution nor in the laws which warranted
him in do somg. He wished to move that the bill
and amendments be printed.
Mr THOMPSONT moved that the House ad-
journ: lost—ayes 74, noes 81.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had seen a letter from
a distinguished officer now in the Cherokee coun-
try, which stated lhat, whilst the Cherokees did not
intend to resist, neither did they miend t~> move one
muscle; and Mr. T woukl say that, un'ess the In-
dians were in some degree prepmated, it would
cost ten times the amount to coerce them. lie
appealed, therefore, to every man, whether those
who had been so eloquent in behalf of there peior
Indians, or those who had the feelings of men
about them, whether they would not preier giving a
sum for reconciliation and conciliation than for
massacre and murder.
Mr. UNDERWOOD remarked lhat the amend-
ment was not inconsistent with the provisions of
the bill m other parts.
Mr. HOWARD said, that ?s he understood the
amendment, it would empower the President to
apply the money as appropriated in the bill, and
to expend the two millions appropriated in the
amendment also.
Mr. REED called upon the Chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to give the
evidence upon which he had intimated that a
war might break out suddenly between two States
on matters provided for in the bill; and on ac-
count of which anticipated war, he pressed the
immediate passage ol the bill.
Mr CAMBRELENG, after commenting slightly
upon the manner m which the call had been made,
said that all the Indian wars had arisen from the
conduct of the whites, or of those who, like the
gentleman's friend, John Ross, were seven-eighths
white.
Mr. REED disclaimed any acquaintance with
John Ross, and did not know on what ground
the gentleman [Mr. C] had called him his [Mr.
RV] fuend. He complained that an intimation
had been made to the House that a war between
two States was likely to break out, and that th
House was left in the dark upon the subject.
Mr. POPE proposed to amend the amendment,
so as to make it read anv sura " not exceeding"
two millions, so as to leave it discretionary with
ihe President to act as circumstances might require.
It was stated by the Secretary that ths Indians
would be satisfied wi'h the bill, and if so, the addi-
tional appropriation would be unnecessary.
Mr. McKAY said he hoped the amendment re-
ported by the Committee of the Whole would not
be concurred in. He was opposed to giving any
more than was stipulated in the treaty. He
understood lhat the provisions of the bill would be
satisfactory to the Indians; and he had no doubt
that if the hope of gaining more was held out as m
this amendment, they would of coarse wait, and
refuse to remove peaceably, until they could ob-
tain the additional sum of two million*; so that it
would operate as a substantial addition of two mil-
lions to the appropriations which it was represented
would be satisfactory to the Cherokees.
Mr. PENNYBACKER rose to express ths hope
that the proviso which had been adopted m the
Committee of the Whole, on the motion of Mr.
Bell, would not be agreed to by the House. It
avowed the purpose of enabling the Pre«deat ta
