426
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A bill for the relief ol the heirs of Tarpley
White
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Martha Woodliff.
A   bill  for the  rslief of the heirs of William
Gregory.
A bill for the reLef of the representatives of Na-
than Lamme.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Prescott.
A bill for the relief of Simon Summers.
A bill to authorize issuing land warrants in cer-
tain cases.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Ro-
bert Bealle.
A  bill for the relief of John March.
A bill granting an increase of pension  to Emp-
sonHamilton.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Col.
William Fountain
A bill for the relief of Major William Lang-
bourne.
A b 11 for the relief of Thomas Glascock.
A bill for the  relief of the representatives of
Richard Shubnck.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Henry Mor-
fett.
A bill for the relief of Nicholas Verplast.
A bill for the  relief of the representativas of
Tarlton Woodson.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Tho-
mas Tnplett.
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Nick, ahas Regnald Hillary.
A bill for the relief ot the legal representatives of
Thomas Wishart.
A bill for the relief of Roger Stayner.
A bill for the relief ot the representatives of
James Broadus.
A bill for the relief of John Emmerson.
A bill lor the relief of the heirs of Lartan Smith.
A bill for the relief of the heirs oí John Camp-
bell.
A bill for the relief of the widow and children of
Jonathan Dye.
A bill /or the relief of the heirs of Philip Light-
foot.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Daniel Duval.
An act foi the relief of William Jones.
A bill to provide for  the payment of certain
judgments which have  been er may be obtained
against the State of Virginia.
A bill lor the reUef ol the heirs of James Hack-
ley
The following bills were amended by striking
out the enacting clause
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Col. Willis
Reddick
A bill for the relief of  the heirs of  Francis
Taylor.
A bill for the relief of Thornton Taylor.
A bill for the relief ot Nancy Haggard.
A bill for the  relief of the representatives of
Everard Meade.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John A
Hopper.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of John
Towns, deceased.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Prancr
Cazeau.
An act for the relief of the representatives of
John Brooks.
An act lor the relief of the repiesentatives of
RoBert White.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of John
Spotswood.
The following bills were laid aide for fuither
consideration m committee
A bill for the relief of Thomas E. Sudler and
others,
A bill to authorize the payment of seven years'
half pay to the widows or children ot certain offi-
cers of the Continental line of the Revolutionary
army.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Marshal
Rochambeau
A bill for the relief of the corporation of the
First Presbyterian Church of Scotland, in Han-
over, now Iforktown, Westchester county, State of
Jiew York.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Israel Honeywell.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
John Mandeville.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Doctor Samuel
Kennedy.
A bill tor the relief of the heirs of John Hopper.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
George Yates, deceased.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Joseph Savage, deceased.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Abner Prior
An act for the relief of the representatives of
Saml. Y. Keene.
An act for the relief of Moses Elmer.
An act for the relief of Gustavus Horner.
An act for the relief of William Ramsay.
An act granting commutation to Isaac Bronson.
An act for the relief of the representatives of
Francis L B. Goodwin.
An act for the relief of William Cogswell.
An act for the lelief of the representatives of
Thomas Ru Hedge
At three o'clock, a division of the committee was
called, when it was ascertained that there was no
quorum. The committee accordingly rose and re-
ported that fact to the House.
Mr. MALLORY moved an adjournment, which
mo'ion was carried in the negative
Mr. CRAIG moved a call of the House.
Mr. DUNCAN moved an adjournment; which
motion was carried in the negative—ayes 42,
noes 50.                                                          „
The question recurring on the call of the House,
it was put and carried in the affiiraative, without
a division.
The Clerk was about to call the roll, when  .
Mr. DAWSON moved that all further proceed-
ings in the call be suspended, stating that a quorum
would soon be in the hall, and the business might
be proceeded with in the mean tune The motion
was refused.
The list having been called through, a motion
was made to suspend tuither proceedings in the
call, which was again rejected.
Mr. PETRIKIN offered a resolution, to the ef-
fect lhat the House was obliged to adjourn for want
of a quorum, and that the names of members pre-
sent be entered on the journal.
Mr. AD IMS moved to amend the resolution by
striking out "members present," and inserting
names of "members absent "
The CHAIR decided the resolution to be out of
order
During the call of the names of the absentees,
it was discovered that a quorum was present, and
the House again went into committee.
The committee, after passing upon the remain-
ing bills on the calendar, rose and reported them to
the House.
The House then took up the bills reported with-
out amendment, and they were ordered to be en-
grossed tor a third reading, with the exception of
that m favor of Josephine Nourse.
Tne bills from which the clause allowing interest
had been stricken out, were then taken up, and
generally ordered to be engrossed frr a third read-
ing, the House concairing in the amendment
The bills from which the enacting clause had been
stricken, and a lew bills otherwise amended in some
important part, were postponed tj Friday  week ,
after which,
On motion,
Tne House adjourned
HOUSE or REPRESENTATIVES,
Mosday June i 1S38
At the suggestion of Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio, thr House
took up a number ofS ate bids ljingon the Speaker, 9 table,
and they were read twice and íeferred to thur appropuate
standing commt tees
The SPEAKER laid before the House aconlmumcatwn tran3
muting a report in roference to the contemplated bri Ige across
the O'm river at Wheeling, which on motion of Mr WHIT
TI i-sIA of Ohio, was referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canal 
Mr CAMBRELENG gave notice that assoon as the call for
petitions was thiough, he should move to take up the public
business
Petitions and memoiials weie then calle 1 for in theordt-rol
states and Ten uoi íes, and were presented as follows
MAINE —Messrs P ARRIS, ANDERSON, EVANS, aud
NOYES,
NEW HAMPSHIRE -Mr. WJUi&MS,
[Mr Williams presented a petition for a mail route leading
from Landaff,  New Hampshire, to Francoma, New Hamp-
shire 1
MVSSACHDSETTS-Messrs. LINCOLN, BR1GGS, PHIL-
LIPS, CALHOUN, PARMENTER, CUSIHNG and ADAMS.
[Mr Adams said he had m his possession certain Joint reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Massachusetts, ensilar to those
winch had been presented, and withdrawn last week by his
colleague, fMr, Calhoun J asking tor the rescinding of Mr
Patton's resoluion, of 21st of December last «e did not
intend toofferthe resolutions at tins time, but should await the
decision of the House upon the resolution offered by hia ^el-
league, [Mr Calhoun,] declaratory of the resolution of Mr
Patton, that resolutions of State Legislatures were not to be
included in the rule established by that resolution respecting
petitions Before oflermg the resolutions of the Massachu-
setts Legislature, he wished to know whether a resolution of the
Legislature of a State of this Union were to be treated with re-
spect ox contempt J
CONNECTICUT-Mr INGHAM
[Mr Inghast presented a set of resolutions of the General
Assembly of Connecticut, requesting the Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress fiom that State to use their influence to
procure the passage of a law to indemnify the citizens of the
United 'states for lost.es sustained by them fiom the French
prior $o September 30, 1800 Also, a preamble and set of reso
lutions of the same General Assembly, declaring lhat the reso
lution of the House of Representatives of the United States of
tht 21st Dei ember last, relating o petitions, memorials, and
papers, touching the abolition of slaveiy, etc in any State,
Tenitory, or District of the United States, etc is a virtual de
mal of the light of petition, subversive of the freedom ef de-
bate, and an infringement of the lights of the people of Connec-
ticut by rtfuMng to hear and consider the petitions of a large
numbei o{ them , and solemnly protesting agains,. said resola
tion, in the name of the people of said  tate, as a usurpation
of power, m vm'ation of the spirit oí the Constitution of the
Tinned States, subveisive of the fundamental pimciples of free
Government, at war with the prerogatives of the people, end
dangerous to the Union , and resolving that while they recog
mst, the peculiar rights of other membeis of this Confederacy,
they cannot consent to any mteiference wnh the rights of the
people of that State Thef therefore request the Senators and
Representatives in Congress from saiá State to use their best
exertions to cause the said resolution of the 2r&t December last
to be rescinded and also to fay the said preamble and resolu
tions of the Legislature of Connecticut.before Congress. Both
of which sets of resolutions were, on motion of Mr I laid oa
the table, and ordered to be printed ]
NEW YORK—Messrs CAMBRELENG, PECK, and PAT-
TFRSON
[Mr Cambheleno presented a memorial of the colored cm
zenb of New York,jcomplaining of a regulation ol the Island oí
Cuba, by which colored manners are confined m prison on their
an jval there ami asking; for the interposition of Congress Also,
resolutions ol the Common Council of New Yoik in favor of an
appropriation foi the improvement of Alleghany liver J
NEW JERSEY—Mr RANDOIPH
PENNsYLVANU-Messrs WAGENER, McKENNAN,
amis W MORRIs,
[Mr Morris presented i petition for a pont road from Elk
land, in Tioga ounty, Pennsylvania, to Addison, in Steuben
county New liork ]
MARYLAND—Mr KENNEDY
VIRGINIA—Messrs HOPKINS, MORGAN, HUNTER,
BEIRNE and WISE
[Mi Hopkins presented several petitions, numerously sign-
ed by citizens of Virginia, Kentucky, and Ohio, priyiag lor
the establishment of a continuous post route from Guyandotte,
in Virsinn to Cincinnati, in ihe State of Ohio ]
NORTH C\ROLINA-Measrs McKAY and SIIEPPERD
[Mr. McKAY pie ented a memorial from Francis P Blair,
praying relief for reasois therein set forth, for ajndgment ob
timed against him as one of the sureties of a Postmaster in Ken*
tucky, when the losa accrued by the depreciation of bank pa
per Ano her branch of the memon it prayed for an investí
gallon into the manner in which Mr 15 had executed the pub-
he printing
The fii st part waa referred to the Post Office, and the second
lo i select committee
At dFutoi-quent stage of the day's proceedings however,
Mi   HOPKINS of Virginia moved a recons.deiatton of the
vflte by which a part of the memorial had been refcred lo a
select corsmitiee, and asked for tht then considei anon of that
motion but it being obf eted to   it therefore lies over, lo come
up on the next pennon day     The motien does not aflect the
first bran* li of the memorial ]
GEORGIA —Mr Da\VSO\
[Mi Dawson presentid a petition m behalf of Mis Nancy
Irwin, and her orphan children, of Stewart county Georgia,
piaying Congress lo relieve the estate of her deceased husband,
who was killed in the baitle of Shepherd's Plantation, from
l's liability for the payment of a balance due as postmaster,
<5cc the same being lost in consrquence of Indian depredation 
as li supposed J
KEN TUCKY—Mr RUMSEY
TENNESSEE—Mr CHEATHAM
OHIO—Messis MORRIS   ALLLN,  and RIDGEWAY
[Mr Alli>n pi esent-d the petition of Mis   Burnetl, and 199
women ol Obeilin Ohio anlof R Loomise, and 60 others, of
Portage county, Ohio, praying the recision of Mr   Patton's
res hnu n J
IOIIIS1ANA—Mr JOHNSON
MISSOURI—Messrs MILLER and HARRISON
[Mr ÍIakríson presented the petition of Lucy Johnson, late
I ii y Gonrhne  praying Congress to grant her a pre emplion
right, on Rock island, also of Edward Beatty, praying that he
nny be allowed to enter land with certificates of deposites from
the 1 reasuiy Department which he purchased ]
[Mr Miller piesenled the j etition of John G Parsons of
the State of Missou i in which he sets forth that er the 25th
d iy of Or'ober, 18 6 he entered thioush mis ake the east half
of the loutheast quarter of section No 27, t 50, r 3, west,
in said State, anl he asks Congress to pass a law granting
him siieh relief as shall appear just and equitable 1
MICHIGAN-Mr CRAItY
[Mr Crary presented a petition for a mail route from Battle
Creek to Cold water, also, a lemonstrance efceitam citizens of
Lenawee county against the passage of the Suh Treasury bill 1
On motion of Mr OWENS,                                                      '
