CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
corporation they wete empowered to petition Con-
gress for a grant; and such rights and limitations
were reserved and made; that, in point of fact,
the grant would vest m the State, and not
in individuals. He read from the get refer*
red to, m order to show that, if any grant
was made by the United States, it should he-
come the property of the future State of Wis-
consin, as soon as it should be admitted into the
Union. He spoke of the great importance of the
work, and hoped that all objection to it would be
withdrawn, as it was a similar case to others that
had existed in other Territories.
Mr. LINCOLN inquned if any estimate had
been made of the value of the grant.
Mr. BRONSON said he did not know.
Mr. MERCER said he had made a calculation
of the number of square miles, but his statement
could not be heard by the Reporter.
Mr. LINCOLN thought the committee ought to
wait till such information could be obtained. He
understood the land was worth about three millions
of dollars, and he wished to know the estimated
cost of the canal, and whether that was the most
useful method of improvement, and he illustrated
the necessity of such knowledge by referring to a
canal proposed fiom Boston to Albany, for which
he and others had been once very zealous, though
it had since been found that railroads were a better
mode of transportation, and in that case in Massa-
chusetts a railroad was now in the process of con-
struction. Other topics, respecting the powers of ihe
corporation, the rights of the State, and the proprie-
ty of taking tolls, and in opposition to immediate
action upon the bill With proper restrictions
and safe-guards to the public rights, he should not
object to the grant. He had another objection to
the grant, because it was contemplated to keep the
lands out of the market for ten years, and he itared
that it would operate as an act ot injustice and op-
pression towards the people.
Mr. PETRIKIN suggested a doubt whether there
was any probability that the canal would ever be
completed. There was no assurance that it ever
would be completed. They would get the lands,
and might never complete the work.
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested that time ough'
to be given to examine this subject; and proposed
that it should be laid over till to-morrow, that ths
committee might go on with other business, and
members in the mean time could look into the
merits of this bill.
Mr. BRONSON and Mr. CASEY assented, and
the bill was passed over.
8.  The bill granting an appropriation for pur-
chasing a law library, for the use of the Committee
of Appeals, and Legislative Council, of Florida,
was- taken up, and ordered to be reported.
9.  The bill making an agpropriation for the
compilation of the laws of Florida, was taken up,
and ordered to be reportad:
On motion of Mr. BRONSON, the committee
then ro«e, and reported all the above bills to the
House, except the one numbered 7.
The amendments to the seveial bills, as above
reported, were severally concurred in by the House,   '
with the exception of the one numbered 6, and
they were read a third time, and passed.
Mr. THOMPSON moved to lay the bill num-
bered 6, on the table.
Mr CtTSHMAN called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill, with an amendment,
making appropriations for certain roads in Florida,
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
the amendment was ordered to be printed.
The following message from the President of the
United States, was presented by the Speaker, and
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
To ihe Speaker of Ihe House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith to the House of Representa-
tives a report from the Secretary ef Stale, with
accompanying papers, relating to the claim of the
«rphan children of Peter Shackerly, in answer to
their resolution of the 28th ultimo.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, 4th June, 1838.
The House adjourned.                                          j
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, June 5, 1838.
Mr.TALLMADGE presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Hudson, New York, praying for
¡he establishment of a National Bank: laid on the
table.
Mr. TALLMADQE also presented the petition
of sundry citizens of .———, New York, praying
for the establishment of a national foundry.
Mr ALLEN presented the petition of Cornelius
Halley of Ohio, praying remuneration for services
performed during the late war referred to the Com-
mittee oh Claims
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
to which had been referred the bill from the House
foi the relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton, de-
ceased, reported the same without amendment,
stating that the committee were divided in their
opinions as te the propriety of passing this bill,
part of them being for, and part against it; and
that he being opposed to it, should move its indefi-
nite postponement when it came up.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which had been referred the message of
the President of the United States of 21st May
last, on the subject of the Cherokee treaty, made a
report thereon, which was ordered to be printed.
[The committee came to the conclusion that it
would be impolitic for the Government to encou-
rage the belief on the part oí the Cherokees that
any extension of the time fixed upon for their re-
moval by Ihe treaty ought to be made by the Go-
vernment, or would be agreed to by the States inte-
rested , and that their speedy removal was the only
sure mode of avoiding collisions between ihem and
the whites, and preserving the peace of the coun-
ty ]
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Po,t Roads inquire into the expediency of au-
thorizing the employment of an additional number
ol clerks m the General Post Office.
Mr. DAVIS submitted a resolution, which was
adopted, calling on the Secretary of the Treasury
for a statement of the annual expenditures for the
collection of the revenue derived from imports and
customs for the last twenty years.
Mr. YOUNG gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill for the re-
lief of Ephrann Sprague.
Mr. MORRIS submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day
Resolved, That, with the consent of the House
of Representatives, the Senate will, on Monday,
the second day of July next, adjourn its present
session until the second Monday in November fol-
lowing, and that, during such recess, no member
or officer of the Senate shall be entitled to or re-
ceive any daily compensation.
Resolved fmlker, That tho consent of the House
of Representatives to the adjournment of the Se-
nate, according to the foregoing resolution, be re-
quested
The following bills were severally read the third
time and passed
The bill to reorganize the District Courts of the
United Slates for the district of Missouri
The bill to authorize the location of pre-emp-
tion certificates, given by the Register of the Land
Office at Batesville, Arkansas, and
The joint resolution for the distribution of cer-
tain copies of NiIps's Register.
Mr LYON moved to take up Senate bill 309,
" making appropriations for the completion of cer-
tain roads in the State of Michigan " As this was
a bill in which the State was deeply interested,
he hoped the Sánate would indulge him m his
wishes To obviate as far as possible all difficulty
in relation to this subject, and reconcile conflicting
views, he hadpiepared an amendment, which he
begged leave te offer as a substitute for the ori-
ginal bill.
Mr. SOUTHARD wanted to know on what
ground these appropriations were asked, and from
what fund the Senator proposed to make them.
Mr. LYON explained at length the object of the
bill, which was to obtain 5 per cent, of all the nett
prooeeds of the sales of pubhc lands which were
sold, between the time of that State having applied
for admission and her adoption into the Union.
Mr. L. said he had a statement from the General
Land Office, which would make the amount about
equal to two hundred and fifty or two hundred and
fifty-five thousand dollars. It was well known to
all that Michigan had made application, and was
ready to become a State long before she was ad-
mitted, having been kept back in consequence of
the question of the Ohio boundary, and was thus
deprived of her political rights. All she asked now
was the 5 per cent, to which she was entitled, to
finish the road which had been commenced when
¡.he was a Territory. This appeared to him just,
and certainly was no more than the State was
equitably entitled to.
Mr. SEVIER expressed a willingness to vote for
the bill, having every disposition to piomote in that
way the improvements of the new States; but
would suggest to his friend from Michigan [Mr.
Lyon] to so frame his amendment, as to let it read
from the formation of the Constitution of that State
m 1835
Mr LYON said she had applied for admission at
an «arlier period; but he would rather date from
that time than have nothing; whenever the interests
of his State were concerned, he was thankful even
for small favors.
Mr. NORVELL then suggested, with a view to
meet the wishes of the Senator from Arkansas,
who had so generously proffered his support, that the
mover so modify his amendment as to rtad from
the 23d of June, 1835. This modification havug
been adopted by Mr. Lyon, the question was taken
on the amendment, as modified, and carried, which
reads as follows:
"That five per cent of the nett proceeds ot the
sales of all public lands lying within the State of
Michigan, which were sold under the authority of
Congress between 'tie 23d day June, 1835, and the
1st day of July, 1836, after deducting all expenses
incident to the same, shall be, and the same is ! ere-
by, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasu-
ry net otherwise appropriated, for the completion
of such and so many of the roads commenced by
the United States in the Territory of Michigan, with
such alterations of said roads as the Legislature of
said State may direct Provided, That not more
than one-fourth part of said five per cent, shall be
drawn fiom the Treasury during the present year."
On the question of engrossment, Mr. DAVIS
asked for the yeas and nays; when there appeared
for it 22, against it 21, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Bayard, Benton, Brown, Clay
of Alabama, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King,
Linn, Lyon, McKean, Mouton, Norvell, Pierce,
Robinson, Sevier, Tallmadge, Tipton, Trotter,
Wall, Webster, and Young—22.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Clayton, Davis, Knight,
Lumpkin, Merrick, Morris, Niles, Pienliss, Pres-
ton, Rives, Roane, Robbins, Ruggles, Smith of
Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Spcnce,
Strange, Swift, and White—21.
The iull from the House making appropnations
for preventing and suppressing Indian hostilities
for the year 1338, and for arrearages for the year
1837, was read twice, and referred.
The following bills were severally taken up and
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and dis-
posed of as specified Delow:
The bill authorizing certain soldiers m the late
war with Great Britain to surrender the bounty
lands drawn by them, and to locate others in lieu
thereof indefinitely postponed.
The biU to repeal so much of the act approved
the 2d July, 1836, and all other laws, as authorizes
the Postmaster General to establish an Express
mail in addition to the oidmary mail laid on the
table.
The bill for the relief of Pierre Menard and
others- postponed to, and made the special or-
der of the day for, to-morrow week.
The bill to confirm certain entries of public lands
permitted to be made by the registers and receivers
of the land distncts, uader the belief that the tract
had been offered at public sale- amended, and or-
dered to be engrossed.
The bill for the relief of William Crooks and
James Crooks laid on the table.
The bill for the relief of John P. Converse and
Henry J. Reese: rejected.
