434
to locate certain pre-emption claims to land in
Indiana.
The bill for the relief of certain settlers of the
public lands who were deprived of the benefit of
the act granting pre-emption rights, which was ap-
proved on the 19th June, 1834.
The bill for the relief of Robert Kevworlh
The bill to settle the construction of the act regu-
lating the pay of the paymasters in the army.
Mr. BENTON thought he could explain the ob-
ject of this bill more briefly, perhaps, than by
reference to the papers, which merely showed the
effect without giving the reasons which actuated
the committee in reporting the bill. The act
which bad passed long since, regulating the pay
and emoluments of a paymaster in the army, made
them equal to a major m the army, but did not say
what major, whether of cavalry or of infantry.
Some oí these officers had set up claims to the
largest amount of pay, to wit: that of a major of
cavalry. The affair, he believed, had in some
instances been carried to the judiciary. In some
courts the pay of the largest amount was allowed;
in others, that of the major of infantry. The ob-
ject of this bill was merely to settle the matter for
the time to come, without having any retrospective
bearing This bill gave those officers the largest
amount, it was made a beneficial act towards them
The labors and responsibilities of this class of
Government agents were greatly increased, and
many of them had been suoject to very severe
losses in payments made to rmhtia and volunteers.
The committee, under these considerations, thought
it would be nothing more than reasonable to allow
them the difference between those two officers—
majors of cavalry and infantry, and though the
sum was «mall, being only a few dollars, yet it
w as something to them and comparatively nothing
to the Government
The bill was ordered to be engrossed.
The bill for the benefit of the Mount Carmel and
New A'bany Railroad company, in the State of
Indiana, was then taken up.
Mr TIPTON explained this bill at length, show,
ing the advantages to be derived by the Govern-
ment in carrying the United States mail, transport-
ing munitions of war, &c. and stating that some
of the lands which were asked for by the bill had
remained unsold for thirty years last past.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana went at length into the
objects and provisions of the bill. He showed the
great importance of the work, both in a National,
State and individual point of view. He stated
that the length of the contemplated road was about
one hundred and twenty miles; that it was the im-
portant and ir dispensable link m the great chain of
ra lroad fiom Charleston, South Carolina, passing
thtough the States of South Carolina, North Caro-
lina, Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana, and Illinois,
to intersect the Mississippi at Alton and St. Louis
He argued the vast interest the South, as well as
the West, had in th's grand chain of internal com-
munication, connecting together these great and
e\iensive sections of ihe Union He spoke in
high terms of the grandeur and importance of the
desyn of the Charleston and Western railroad,
and most heartily wished it success He avowed
himselt the tnend of internal improvements, and
contended lor the power of the General Govern-
ment to execute works of a national character,
leaving the States and private companies to con-
struct those of a local character He stated that
the contemplated road would pass through a sec-
tion of country in Indiana m which the desirable
lands had long since been located, that those re-
mAining were refuse lands that had been m market
thirty and thirty-two years without finding a pur-
chaser. He said he wou'd not, on private specu-
lation, give twenty-five cents per acre for these
lands They would not sell for that sum, he be-
lieved, although they were located m the older sec-
tions ot the Srate. He urged the fact that they
had not been sold m so great a length of time as
conclusive evidence of their refuse character. He
showed that the proposition in the bill, the condi-
tion of the grant, to carry the mail for twenty
years v, ithout charge to the Government, on the
road from New Albany to Mount Carmel, would
pay one dollar and six cents for each acre granted,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
at the price it now cost the Government to convey
the mail on a parallel road between these points.
He said the bill only granted alternate lands, leav-
ing the balance to be enhanced in value by the
work. He urged the fallacy of the argument that
had been used, that the price could not be raised
by the works, as they must be ¡.old at one dollar
and twenty-five cents per acre. In answer to which
he contended, that the value of money depended
very much upon the time of its reception, and he
illustrated by showing that if these lands had been
sold at fity cents per acre when they were first
brought into market, the use of the money would
have been worth more to the Government than the
one dollar and twenty-five cents would be if sold
now, and although the works may not raise the
minimum price of these lands, they will cause
them to sell, and add to the general wealth of the
State, and to the revenues of the Government.
He closed by saying he hoped the grant would be
ma< e, as he had no doubt Dut that it would prove
greatly beneficial to the Government, as well as to
the company and State.
Mr NILES thought there were constitutional
objections to the bill, besides, it looked like abargain
on the part of the Government with a private corpo-
ration, and he had always been, and always should
be, opposed to all bargain, intrigue, and manage-
ment, and he should either move to strike out all
that portion of the bill which related to the grant
of public lands, or to postpone the bill indefinitely.
Mr. SOUTHARD would like to know if the
Senator struck out all that related to the grant,
what there would be left in the bill.
Mr. TIPTON said he had no objection to test-
ing the sense of the Senate in relation to striking
out. If that were done, some other features less
objectionable to the scruples of Senators might be
introduced. With regard to bargain, Mr. T. said
it was matter of every day concern in the opera-
tions of the General Government. What were
contracts for carrying the mail, building forts, &c.
but bargains. He could see nothing unconstitu-
tional in the bill, all it asked was to permit the
company to purchase lands within a prescribed
space of its road at the rate of one dollar and six
cents an acre, that was the head and front of the
bill, it asked that, and no more.
Mr. ALLEN avo«ed himself friendly to the
object, and if the Senator [Mr. Tipton] would so
amend his bill as to give the land to the State, it
should receive his vote, otherwise, he could not
suppoitil He thought the bill established abad
precedent—that of mal mg contracts with private
companies or individuals, which almost always led
to loss on the pait of the General Government. If
these companies violated the charters extended to
them, there was always some pretext set up, or
some reason assigned, why the law should not be
put in force against them. Besides, the carrying
of the United States mail, &c was so remote a
contingency as scarcely to weigh any thing in the
matter
Mr NILES contended that would not amend
the natter, as it would be merely making the State
of Indiana a trustee for the company.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
SMITH, TIPTON, NILES, ALLEN, and others,
when
Mr. SMITH said he had but a very few words
to say in replv, he must however express his sur-
prise to hear the objections which had been urged
by the Senator from Connecticut That Senator
denounces tha bill as containing the principles of a
bargain—he deprecates bargains as horrible and
unholy , he confines himself however to public
bargains, Legislative bargains Mr. S said, with-
out any reference whatever to that Senator, for ha
believed him to be an honorable and honest man,
he must say that when he heard gentlemen crying
bargain, intrigue, and corruption, he was always
reminded of an occurrence that took place m his
State some years since- he would tell it to the Sena-
tor from Connecticut, by way of following the ex-
ample of that Senator, who he had discovered was
fond of anecdotes. One morning on the opening of
the court in one of the counties on the Ohio river,
a motion was mada to admit, ex gratia, a person as
a member of the bar.  The applicant 1 ?rd 1 up to
+      - '    "              '■-'     '■ "   .....■"'■ ' '              '   -
1 the court a paper purporting to be a license from
the Judges of the Court of Appeals of Kentucky.
The judge who was a man of a high order of ta-
lents, and a close observer of men and things,
held the paper rather longer than the would-be
attorney liked; when he rose, and asked the judge
if he thoughtíftaípaperaforgery. The judge instantly
turned his piercing eye on him, and said- "What
put that into your head, sir?" The applicant fur
the high honors of the profession, immediately left
the court-house; and when the judges went to din-
ner, shortly afterwards, he had taken a boat and
gone down the nver. The truth was, the paper was
a forgery. So, sir, it is always suspicious to hear
gentlemen harping on these things. The question is
at once suggested, "what put that into your head,
sir." He would ¡suggest to the Senator from Con-
necticut, that not a new State in the Union had
been admitted, except upon contract. Let him look
at the acts of admission—let him look to the acts of
cession—and indeed let him look to every opera-
tion of the Government, and he will find that the
whole machinery is propelled by bargain and con-
tract. Mr. S. was not to be alarmed by the cry of
bargain and corruption. He did not pretend to any
greater share of honesty than other gentlemen; but
he could assure the Senator from Connecticut, that
he felt himself to stand on such grounds, that he
could do his duty fearlessly, without dreading the
suspicions of any one, as to the purity of his mo-
tives Mr. S. then went into an examination of
the objections that had been urged against the mea-
sure at some length.
Mr. S. concluded by saying he would offer an
amendment, which might probably be satisfactory
to the Senator from Ohio. He would move to
amend the bill so that it should read "to grant it to
the State for the use of the Mount Carmel and
New Albaay Railroad Company.
Mr. HUBBARD moved to strike out all after
the enacting clause, on which question he asked
the yeas and nays, when there appeared for it 23,
against it 11, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Brown, Clay of
Alabama, Clayton, Crundy, Hubbard, Knight,
Lumpkin, McKean,Morris, Mouton,Niles,Pierce,
Prentiss, Roane, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Southard, Strange, Swift, White and Williams—S3.
NAYS—Messrs Clay of Kentucky, Fulton,
Linn, Merrick, Robinson, Smith of Indiana, Spence,
Tipton, Wall, Webster, and Young—11
Mr. TIPTON then prepared an amendment,
asking the right for the company to purchase the
lands at$l 25 per acre, on a credit of six years,
and intimating at the same time that he was not
authorized by the company to make any such
move. The compaay bad never doubted but Con-
gress would at once have granted all that was asked
in the onsmal bill.
Mr BENTON expressed his willingness to give
the company all the land on that condition, if it
would receive it.
After some further remarks, the bill was post-
poned, and the amendment of Mr. TIPTON or-
dered to be printed
Mr. CLAY of Alabama then moved to take up
the bill for the establishment of the Territory of
Iowa, received from the House, with various
amendments Mr. C. moved to concur with the
House in its amendments, as they were of an un-
important character, relating chiefly to the salaries
of the offices, which were diminished, so as to make
them more favorable to economy on the part of the
Government The first was the salary of the Go-
vernor, which was reduced from $2,000 to $1,500.
Mr WEBSTER said, before he consented to
this reduction, he should like to learn how this sa-
lary corresponded with that of the Governors of
other Territories
Mr. BENTON expressed himself averse to cre-
ating any distinction between the two Governorson
the opposite sides of the river, and particularly as
the Governor of Iowa would be on the more imme-
diate Indian border. Mr B. said it had been the
practice formerly to allow the Governors of Terri-
tories $4,000—|2,000 of which was for Governor,
and $2,ü0Q as Superintendent of Indian Affairs.
Offices m the vicinity of Indians, he well knew,
were subject to the heaviest expenses. Unless they
