CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
treated the Indians, who came to see them, with
hospitality and courtesy, they were sure to be de-
spised, and never could exercise any influence oyer
them. Hospitality was a peculiar trait in the
savage character; you could never visit the hum-
blest of the race without feeing invited to partake of
refreshment; and the white man, particularly the
Governor, that dm not return it, would be con-
temned by them.
This amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was the reduction of the
salaries of the District Judges from $1800 to #150 .
Mr. ROBINSON hoped this reduction would not
be concurred in; the salary would be very inade-
quate to the wants of these officers. It was one of
the dearest countries for living in the United States;
more so, he was prepared to say, even than New
Orleans.
Mr. TIPTON thought the salary sufficient; and
that plenty of men, competent to fill such offices,
were to be had at the price stipulated in the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS thought the salary would range
pretty equal with the salaries of the judges in the
different States.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, said that the time to
come must be taken into consideration; provisions
might be dear now on account of emigration, but
this could not continue so m a Territory which
was one of the finest farming and grazing countries
in the world.
Mr. PRESTON moved to lay the whole bill on
the table; there was no necessity for the adoption of
another Territory just now.
Mr. HUBBARD asked if this motion were ,n
ord«r.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky. Yes, sir, perfectly in,
order; and we will only have to vote it down.
The question was then taken on laying the bill
on the table, by yea  and nays, when there appear-
ed yeas 6, nays 33, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Lumpkin, Preston, Sevier,
Spence, Strange, White—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Clay of
Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Davis, Pul-
ton,Grrundy,Hubbard,Knight,Lmn,Lyon,Memck,
Moms, Mouton, Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Prentiss,
Roane, Robinson, Ruggles, Smith of Conn. Smithof
Indiana, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Trotter Wall,
Webster, Williams and Young—33.
The amendments from the House were then all
concurred in.
The Senate then went mlo the consideiation of
executive business, and afterwards
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, June 7, 1838.
SURVEYS OP THE LAKES.
The firit business m order was the consideration
of the following resolution, reported some days
since from the Committee on Commerce:
Resolved, That the Secretary ol War be instruct-
ed to communicate to the House of Representa-
tives, at the commeneement of the next session of
Congress, a copy of each survey, and chart accom-
panying the same, that has been heretofore made,
of the shores, harbors, inlets, and waters, of Lake
Erie; also, a copy of each similar survey that has
been made of Lake Michigan.
The question was on the following amendment
of Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States ofAmeiiea m Confess assembkd,
That the President of the United Slates is hereby
authorized to cause such parts of Lakes Ontirio,
Erie, St Clair, Huron, Michigan, and Champlam,
and the bays contiguous, and the rivers and straits
connected with said lakes, as are within the United
States, and the waters of Chesapeake Bay, and
creeks adjacent thereto, to be surveyed, when he
may deem the same to be necessary tq add security
and safety to the navigation or commerce on those
waters, or for any naval or military operations that
may be required on the same for the protection and
defence of the northern frontier, and accurate maps
and charts of such surveys to be made; and for
that purpose he is hereby authorized to employ any
public vessel or craft within those waters; and to
detail for such service such persons as are employ-
ed on board of such vessels or crafts, and others in
public employ, when the same can be done without
injury to olher branches of the public service; and
that he cause the shoals, rocks, and other obstruc-
tions, and the channels into the bays, mouths of
nvers, and through the straits, when said channels
are mlncate, to be designated by buoys, or in such
other suitable manner as he may direct.
And the question pending was on the amendment
thereto by Mr. Stanley, to include the waters of
Cove, Albemarle, and Pamlico Sounds, North Ca-
rolina.
This amendment was now agreed to, and thus
amended, Mr. Whittlesev's amendment being
agreed to, and the resolution being on its engross-
ment—
Mr. ADAMS remarked upon the superfluousness
of including the Carolina wateis, as they were in-
cluded in the general coast survey that had been
going on for so many years [Mr Mallorv said
said they would not be reached for twenty years,
and Mr. Stanlfy said the river bays or sounds
were not included m the coast survey.] Mr. A.
said there was an obvious diversity of opinion, but
he was not opposed to the merits of the resolutisn,
as it proposed carrying out the system of internal
improvements; but there ought to be an appropria-
tion and a bill reported for that purpose.
Mr. WHITTLESEY explained that no appro-
priations or improvement were contemplated. It
was a simple proposition to employ the officers
already on the spot m discovering and designating
the shoals, islands, and bars in the lakes. This
was the original design, and Chesapeake bay and
the waters of North Carolina had beenengiafted on
it by otheis. No appropriation was asked for or
icjiured, lor none was necessary.
Mi. CUSHMAN was in favor of the resolution,
which did not involve the expendituie of a --ingle
dollar, and in order, thcrefoie, to bring the House
to a vote, he demanded the previous question,
which was seconded, ayes 103, noes not counted,
and the main question being ordered thereon—
Mr. MALLORY asked ioi the yeas and nays,
but they were refused, and the resolution was or-
dered to a third reading without a division, this day.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
William DiTOn, which was ordered to a third read-
ing to-mouow.
Mr. W. also reported the following resolution,
which was concurred in-
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Ráscalas W hitcomb, Geo. C Van Zandt,
Willard Barrow% Thomas Brown, N. Biookfield,
Andrew Porter, John Whairey, John Milroy, and
James A, Rosseau, and that the same, with the do-
cuments accompanying, be lefeired to the Secretary
of the 1'iCiisury for .settlement under the contiacts
made by the peutioners with the United Slates to
survey public lands, and for payment under exist-
ing appropriations, lor surveying ihe public lauds.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, íeported without amendment, Senate
bill to relinquish to the State of Alabama the two
pel cent, fund lor purposes of internal improve-
ment in that State.
Mr. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported against Senate bill foi the
relief of the legal representatives ot William Sand-
foid, and the same was laid on the table.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and CanaN, lepoiied back the amendment of the
Senate to the House bill giving the assent of Con-
gress to an amendatory act of the Geneial Assem-
bly of the State of Virginia, chartering the Fal-
mouth and Alexandria Railroad Company, with a
further amendment, recommended by the eommit-
tee, and they were all committed to a committee
on the Union.
Mr. BOND, from the select cemmittee to which
the subject had been referred, reported a bill to ex-
tend the time for locating Virginia military land
warrants, and fer returning surveys thereon to the
General Land Office.
On Mr. B's motwn, the hill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading to-morrow.
Mr. KILGORE asked leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resohed by the Senate and House of Represen*
tahves of the United States of Jlmeiica in Coigiess
assembled, That the operation of so much ot trie
act of June 23, 1836, entitled "An actio resánate
the deposites of the public moneys," as prohibits
the receipt of the notes or bills of specie paying
banks, which have issued since the 4th July, 1836,
notes or bills oí a less denomination than five dol-
lars, be, and the same is hereby, suspended for
the period of two years.
Jlnd be itfuilher íesolved, That the operation of
the second section of the act of April 14, 183G, en-
titled "An act making appropriations for the pay-
ment of the Revolutionary and other pensions of
the United States, for the year one thousand eight
hundred and thirty-six, be, and the same is here-
by, suspended for the period of two years.
Objection being made,
Mr. K. moved a suspension of the rules
Mr R3ED asked for the yeas and nays; which
being ordered, were—jeas96, nays 91, as follows •
\EAS—Messrs Ak\an(!ei, Heman Allen John W AUen,
Bell, Hone] lloiden, Jin™*, Buchanan, William E Calhoun,
John Cathoon Willi hii i! Í ampbell, Cntci,C i cy, Chainbus,
Cheatham, Chills < hr , Corwin < lockett Dttlni^ton Dtw
son, Davics, Dcbeny Du nls, Dinn, Edwaitls, L\aris, Lvetett,
Ilichaid rietchu, Inttmirt. J.i let. Gallant', Ilice G trland,
Goolle, William Gialnm, Giant, Giaveb, Gicnnt.Il, IT ill II il
sted, Hammond, Hulan Hatpcr, Hasting, ÍJaweb, Iioftman,
.Tdbez Jack on, Hun y lohnson, Kilgore, Lincoln, Marvin
Maury, May, Maxwell, McKuman Menelet- Mcicei Mullían,
Mitchell, Calvai y Moms Naylor, Noves, Pnmentpi, Patioi
son, Pet k, Pope, Potts, Sergeant S Prentiss, 11 iriden. Reed,
Rencher, Ridgway, Robertson, Robinson, Riunsey, Russell,
Strsemt, Augustine H Sheppeid, feiblev, tílade Southgate,
St inly, Stone, Thompson, Titlmghast, Toland Underwood,
Alberts White, Tohn White, Etlsha Whittlesey Lewis Wit
lams, ^henod William^, Joseph L. Williams, Chnstuphu 11
William-,, Wm-, Worl, an I Yorke—%
iVAYS—Mtssis Adams, An leison, Anthews, AtheUm,
Binks, lit nut Birknell, Hi idle, < unhiding John Campbell,
CI lilt v, Ch ipmin, Okvt' in 1 (¡owmy Coles, Connoi Ol ¡12;,
CnUmm Ctishniin Pun BefJt itr, Di im^ole, Hunt in, I u
rin^ton, Iaiihtltl, it, 11 1 Ictc! 11 Tiy, Giilhn, Haley, HaniPi,
Kiru-on, Hiwknis, lliynts, llfrod, Holt, Hopkins Hublty,
Willnmll Hunter Kobtit M T Huntti Indium Ihonias
B Jackso i, Toscph Tohnson Na h intcl Jones, Tohn W tones,
Ktim, Klinstnsm'ili, I > nibetur, Iofun Loomi Walloiy,
Mutm, McKtv Itibut M< ( lelhn, Auiihun Mi t lellm, Mil
lei, Montgomuv,Pl >ntt, Mot iran, 31 ulnas Monis s,inliu, \y
Mollis, Mint ty, ftohk, (>£;le PJHmer, Paikti P nnyli ukei,
Pctukin Phelps Pickens, Piatt, John Jí Pruína, lip |p-y
lines SlietTei, bhiekls, Sheplor, Snydei, Spencu, ia\]or,
Thomas, Titus, loutey, Towns, Tmney, Vandtrve r Waix
net, Webster, Weeks, Thomas T Whittlesey, Taied W Wll
turns, and Ytll—01
So the House refused to suspend the rules, not
being two thirds.
Mr. HARPER, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims made an unfavorable report on the
petition of the heirs of Doctor J. S. Pell, and on
the petition ol Win. Roberts, ji.
Mr. CARTER then moved to make the bill to
extend the pt nsion system the special order of ihe
day forTius lay next.
Objection hems made, Mr. C. moved for a sus-
pension of the rules, and as<ed for the yeas and
najs, but the House refusing the latter, Mr. C.
mo lined his mot on, by asking for two hours only
on that dav, and made a few remarks on the im-
portance oi the measure
Mr. BOON suggested to limit it from the journal
till 10 o'clock, which Mr. C. accepted as a modifi-
cation of his motion.
Mr. SHIELDS suggested Saturday next
Mr. YELL moved Friday.
The CHAIR replied that the rules must first be
suspended belike the motion could be made.
Th  House refused to suspend.
Mr FAIRFIFLD moved that he House go
into Cooitntttee of the Whole on the state of the
Union generally, which was agreed to, and the
House went into comtmttep, Mi CrA'G n tha
Chair
PRE-EMPTION   BILL.
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana, moved to take
up the pre-emption right bill, which was agreed to
101 to 46.
The Senate "bill to grant pre-emption rights to
actual settler^," was then taken up, and read at
the Clerk's table
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for the reading of
the former pre-smption law, which having been
done, the Chair propounded the question on the
first amendment, proposed by the House committee
on the public lands, which was to accept from th*
