440
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11 could reasonably be done, by additional ap-
I >pnitions of mo ley to be applied to their com-
iort He nadjust c<*use to believe, and did believe,
that the high-minded, generous States of Georgia,
Tennessee, Alabama, and North Carolina, would
act with becoming humanity and indulgence to-
wards the poor, deluded Cherokees, and the people
of those States will not fail to do the present Admi-
nisHation justice on this subject, when the misap-
piehcnston and excitement ot the present moment
shall have parsed away.
The position of the Federal Administration of
the Government has, upon this Indian subject, for
many ye&ra past, been most delicate and peculiar.
Especially since the commencement of General
Jackson's administration, and his manifested deter-
mination to íeheve the Southern States from the
disadvantages of an Indian population His un
tirmg vigilance and perseverance on tbis subject is
now a part of the history of the Government, In
ill his pxeitions to relieve Georgia from her In-
dians, and do justice to her claims upon the Fede-
ral Government, I was not only a faithful co-ope-
íator, but sometimes in advance of the President
himself His successor has faithfully adhered to
the policy of his predecessor in carrying out these
measures
But at every step a most formidable and peculiar
opposition has embarrassed the Government m
the prosecution of its Indian policy The Admi-
m (ration has not only hid to encounter the com-
bined and regularly organized Opposition, which
were known as cpcft and avowed opponents, but
in my of Ihelnends oí the Administration, especial-
ly amongst the less informed, have been used as
opponents to the Indian policy of the Government.
Even in the States most deeply interested, we have
'oint umes seen the strong feelings of self-interest,
waived to accommodate pmhj spirit and parly ink-
iest At any rate I have always found the measures
ut Geneial Jackson and myself, evenin Georgia, dis-
coun'enanced by some of our political opponents,
av far as public opinion would tolerate an expres-
sion of disapprobation The newspapers of the
day will show that I was for years censured for
the determined and straightforward course which I
pursued in paving the way to insure, the speedy
removal of the Indians from Georgia Yes, sir,
I and my friends have borne the heat and
burden of the day on this subject And now,
in the moment oí success, in the day of tri-
umph and victory, what is the exhibition
which we witness on this floor"* Why, sir,
we see the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina, with his characteristic 7eal and eloquence, rise
in his place, and address this Senate in a mode and
manner calculated to produce the impression abioad
that the Executive officers of the Government and
myself had, all at once, suddenly and without
rhyme or reason, abandoned our long-cherished
policy, and gone over to the enemy, and that, too,
after we had fairly achieved the victory of a hard
and long fought battle Sir, can the Senator be-
lieve that he can thus far mislead the public mind'
Sir, he is a stranger to my constituents if he be-
lievf s any man living can make them believe that
I have proved recreant to their interest on this In-
dian subject They too -«ell know my toils and
my labors, my perseverance, my constancy upon
tins most important subject connected with my pub-
lic life No, sir, the Senator cannot make my con-
stituents in Georgia believe that I have abandoned
their rights or interests In Georgia, at this time,
we have but one party on thio subject The whole
people anxiously desire the speedy execution of the
treaty.
And, sir, the opponents of this Administration are
greatly deceived, if they put so low an estimate
upon the intelligence of the people of Georgia, as
to suppose tl ey will find special favor with them
for their loud cneu of victory in the Indian battle,
when the} have only entered the f'eld of labor at
the eleventh hour I am willing that these new
comers should receive their penny, but I cannot
consent to die withholding a just and equal reward
to those faithful laborers who have borne the heat
a d burthen of the dry-
Sir, I thank the gentleman again for the zeal
n Inch he exhibits in behalf of the interests ol the
people of Georgia, and for the high compliment he
has paid the Governer of my State.
I concede to the Governor of Georgia good in-
tentions, in regard to his views and efforts to con-
ciliate John Ross, and have yielded something of
my own opinions in order that I might co-operate
with his views and wishes, as well as those ©f
the Executive officers of the Federal Govern-
ment. I shall always do the Chief Magis-
trate of my State ample justice, whatever po-
litical difference of opinion may happen to exist
I do, however, most solemnly protest against
the justice of the effort of the Senator from South
Carolina to cast censure and blame upon the Pre-
sident and Secretary of War, as well as myself,
for yielding something to the plainly expressed
wishes of Governor Gilmer and many of his poli-
tical friends, especially his northern Whig friends
If there be any error m this matter, the sin lies at
the door of the opponents of the Administration;
and yet the Senator from South Carolina, [Mi
Prdston,] as the organ of the Southern wmg of the
Opposition, upbraids the Administration and its
friends with throwing weighty responsibilities upon
the Governor of Georgia. Sir, I would inquire,
what is the great responsibility thrown upon the
Governors of the four States interested in this mat-
ter, even under the misapprehension indulged,
that the States had been applied to for two years
more time foi the emigration of the Cherokees?
Why, sir, the only responsibility is, to give an
answer is accordance with the known wishes of
the whole people over whom they preside. Where
is the Governor who need be distressed or em-
barrassed at such responsibility as this?
Moreover, the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Preston] contends and urges that the propo-
sals of the Secretary of War to John Ross amounts
to a new treaty, and to an infringement of the trea-
ty of 1835 I am not able myself to put any such
construction on the proposals of the Secretary. I
know that such was not his intention. The Presi-
dent and Secretary of War have uniformly and
firmly assured Ross and his friends that the treaty
of New Echota would be executed without in-
fringement or change
The Secretary, in his proposals to Ross, in the
very first sentence, disclaims all right on the part
of the Federal Government to enter into any treaty
stipulations which might affect the rights of the
States And we find a reiteration of the same sen-
timents, and sacred regard to the rights of the
Stales, throughout the document under considera-
tion I call myself an unwavering State Rights
man, but I see not the slightest grounds to com-
plain of this document on that score The present
Administration of the Federal Government belong
to the good old Republican school of 1798, and
therefore are not disposed to infringe upon the
nghis of the States
That temporary mischief has grown out of the
misapprehensions which have spread over the
countiy in relation to this subject, I am fully aware.
But, fiom the nature of things, I trust that the ex-
citement will soon abate The constant and daily
movements and operations of the Government must
surely correct, without delay, any mistaken ímpres-
s ons which may have existed The Government
is moving forward in the discharge of its duty
General Scott's instructions remain unchanged
His character is a sufficient guarantee that his duty
will be discharged with fidelitv and ability From
various accounts which I h"ve rpceived from the
scene of action so far, the preprrations and move-
ments connected with Cherokee emigration is going
on hormomously, and with all the promptitude
which the nature of the service will allow
In conclusion, I would beg leave to request
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr Preston,]
to be assured of my fidelity to my constituents,
especially upon this Indian subject. I can assure
the honorable Senator, that he is wholly mistaken,
if he supposes that the bearing of his remarks
will even induce the Southern wmg of his own
party to believe that I have no more self-love than
to give a victory to my opponents, which has been
achieved by my friends and myself No, sir, the
Senator misapprehends my íelation to this subject,
as much as he  does, the communication of the
Secretary of War to John Ross; or he would never
have permitted himself to get in the lead of my
friends and myself, in zeal for the faithful and
speedy execution of the Cherokee treaty.
Mr. LUMPKIN was followed by Messrs. CLAY
of Alabama, STRANGE, SOUTHARD, and
WHITE, when the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed by a unanimous vote, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Allen, Calhoun, Clay of Alaba-
ma, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Cuthbert, Ful-
ton, Grundy, Hubbard, Knight, Linn, Lumpkin,
Lyon, McKean, Merrick, Morris, Mouton, Nnes,
Norvell, Pieice, Preston, Rives, Roane, Robbms,
Robinson, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Spence, Strange,
Swift, Tallmadge, Wall, Webster, White, Wil-
liams, Wright, and Young—40.
[This debate will be given as soon as prepared ]
The bill was about to pass by unanimous con-
sent, when
Mr HUBBARD stated that Mr Benton had
expressed to him a desire to address the Senate on
its third reading; and,
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, June 8, 1838
TREASURY BUILDING.
This being the day set apart, by special order,
till one o'clock, for the consideration of the " bill
piovidmg for the removal of the walls of the Trea-
sury building, and for the erection of a fire-proof
building for the Post Office Department," the
House went into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, Mr. Pope in the chair thereon.
A motion was pending to strike out the enacting
clause.
Mr LINCOLN submitted the following amend-
ment. " To amend by striking out, in the second
section, all after the word ' appropriated,' wbjece it
first occurs, and inserting ' any unexpended balan-
ces remaining in the Treasury from former appro-
priations to the construction of a Treasury build-
ing.' "
Mr. NAYLOR spoke for sometime in support of
the bill.
Mr. KEIM vindicated General Jackson and Mr.
Van Buren for the part they had taken, prescribed,
as it was, by the existing law, and then went at
some length into a general opposition to the bill,
and went more particularly into a defence of Mr.
Mills, as an accomplished architect, and in reply to
some of the allegations in the report, and in the re-
marks of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr
Lincoln ] He then went into a statement of de-
tails, to show that the building would be sufficient
in strength, and in convenience for the Depart-
ment, and contended for that American simplicity
of construction which combines neatness with
utility, and is opposed to expensive and ostenta-
tious display.
During the course of Mr K's remarks, Mi.
Lincoln took occasion to explain, that Mr. Wal-
ter had not been originally designated by the com-
mittee, and was personally unknown to all of them,
and that he had been originally designated as the
architect to examine the building by Mr. Van
Buren himself.
Mi KEIM having concluded his remarks—
Mr PRATT made a few observations in reply,
and in support of the bill as a matter of economy.
He was satiofied that an economical expenditure of
the public money required that the structureshould
be removed, and he made various statements in de-
tail, in support of that opinion.
Mr LINCOLN alluded to the painful nature of
the duty imposed upon the committee, which re-
sulted injuriously to the reputation of Mr Mills,
as an aichitect, as he had long had a personal re-
grrd for him, and had on more occasions than one,
advocated his employment by the Government
He said the committee had not from their own ob-
seivation, discovered the v ant of stiength m the
building, but if they had not been apprised of that
i.tult, the report would have been precisely what
it is now, because there were othei faults sufficient
to induce its condemnation. There were,not suffi-
cient rooms  now   to   accommodate   the present
