CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.     ________                         441
••                      '                           -
ft.....,.....-                 ■•■■"                      .      =
wants of the Department, The basement rooms
were declared to be uninhabitable for clarks, and
without them, there were not rooms enough.
Mr. L. then went into an examination of details
in relation to the present structure and its defects,
and into minute comments and descriptions of other
plans proposed for the completion of the work
without removing the portion already erected. He
condemned some of these plans as imperfect and
incongruous, and the others would be too expensive,
in addition to the imperfect and unsafe construc-
tion of the portion now in progress. Mr. L. made
some comments upon the conduct of Mr. Mills
during the investigation, and referred to the opi-
nions of several distinguished architects; which all
concurred that the design was bad and the construc-
tion insufficient.
The hour of one o'clock having arrived, the
Chair announced that fact, saying that it was
no longer competent for the committee to sit.
Some conversation ensued upon the order of
business; during which,
Mr. LINCOLN said he asked no favors of the
committee or the House in regard to the continua-
tion of his remarks. He did not speak for his own
satisfaction upon this painful subject, but in the
discharge of his public duty; and when the indica-
tion of the House was that he had said enough,
he should stop.
The committee rose and reported progress, till the
time limited by the assignment.
On motion of Mr. LINCOLN, the House sus-
pended the rules and went again into committee for
the remainder of the day.
The debate was continued by Messrs. LIN-
COLN, CUSHING and HOWARD, for a short
time.
The question was then taken on the motion to
strike out the enacting clause, and decided in the
negative—ayes 44, noes 63, not a quorum.
It being thought that a quorum was in the com-
mittee, the question was again put, and decidad in
the negative—ayes 59, noes 66.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Lincoln, which was adopted without
a division.
Mr. RENCHER then moved an amendment,
providing for the erection of a plain, brick, fire-
proof building, and appropriating fifty thousand
dollars, in addition to former unexpended appro-
priations, for the construction of the same, near
the Slate Department, and to correspond with the
other buildings of the Departments,
Mr. R. made some observations in support of
his amendment, which was further debated by
Mr. MERCER, Mr. WIL¡ IAMS of North
Carolina, and Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio.
Mr. LINCOLN moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out the words unexpended ba-
lance.
Mr. RENCHER assented to the modification.
Mr. EVERETT expressed his concurrence in
the amendment as modified.
Mr. DUNCAN said he would go for the amend-
ment, but when the bill came to the House he
would go for striking out the first section, or post-
poning it forever.
The^ amendment was then adopted; and the com-
mittee rose and reported the bill and amendments to
the House.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky moved to lay the
bill on the table, and moved a call of the House;
which was accordingly ordered.
After proceeding some time in the call, the fur-
ther proceedings, on motion, were dispensed with.
The bill and amendments were then taken up,
and the question being on laying the bill on the
table—
Mr. WILLIAMS called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then put, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 89, nays 82.
So the bill was laid on the table.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read a third
time and passed:
The joint resolution for the relief of the widow
and other heirs at law of Alexander Hamilton, de-
ceased.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Apollos Coo-
per.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Col. Francis Taylor, deceased.
An act for the relief of Moses Van Cowper.
An act for the relief of Levi Chadwick.
An act for the relief of the children and heirs of
Col. Thomas Knowlton,.deceased.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain John Marks, deceased.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Capt. John De Treville, deceased.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Crocker
Sampson, deceased.
An act for the lelief of the legal representatives
of Capt. James Purvis, deceased.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Maj. Tarlton Woodson, deceased.
An act for the relief of Thomas P. Parsons.
An act for the relief of the heirs at law of Lieut.
Jas. Conway, deceased.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Dr. Charles Taylor, deceased.
An act for the relief of Rebecca Burch, widow
of Benjamin Burch, deceased.
An act for the relief of the heirs at law of David
Gould, deceased.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Major Peter
Helphenston, deceased.
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Hunt, heir of
Captain William Hendricks, deceased.
An act for the relief of the representatives of
Captain John Winston, deceased.
An act for the relief of John Clark.
An act for the relief of Lieut. John McDo wel.
An act for the relief of the legal representativos
of Samuel O. Pcttus, deceased.
An act for the relief of the heirs at law of Lieut.
Wadleigh Noyes, deceased.
An act for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of Captain Presley Thornton.
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal re-
presentatives of Garland Burnley, deceased.
An act for the relief of the lsgal representatives
of Captain James Burton, deceased.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Thomas Cook, deceased.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of William Vause.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Tarpley White, deceased.
An act for the relief of the representatives of
Martha Woodlitr.
An act for the relief of the heirs of William
Gregory.
An act for the relief of the representatives of Na-
than Lamme.
An act for the relief of Joseph Prescotl.
An act for the relief of Simon Summers.
An act for the relief of Captain Samuel Warren,
An act granting a pension to the widow of John
March.
An act to settle the accounts of Richard Harri-
son, late Consular Agent in Spain.
An act granting an increase of pension to Emp-
son Hamilton.
An act for the relief of the representatives of Col.
William Fountain.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Major William Langbourne,
An act for the relief of the heirs of Richard Shu-
brick.
An act for the relief of Robert Ramsay.
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Champney.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Henry Mor-
fett.
An act for the relief of Henry Hoffman.
An act for the relief of Nicholas Verplast.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Tarlton Woodson, deceased.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Thomas Wishart.
An act for the relief of Roger Stayner.
An act for the relief of John Spitfathom.
An act for the relief of the representatives of
James Broadus, deceased.
An act for the relief of the widow and children
of Jonathan Dye,
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Daniel Duval, deceased.
An act for the relief of Gratia Ray.
An act for the relief of the heirs of William
Cogswell.
An act for the relief of the heirs of William
Russworm, deceased.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Lieut. James
Hackley, deceased.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Patrick M'Gibbony.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Lieut. Wil-
liam Lewis.
An act for the relief of the heirs at law of Ed-
ward Wayde, deceased.
An act for the relief of William B. Fergusson,
and his sureties.
A joint resolution for the relief of the heirs of
Charles Brown, deceased.
An act for the relief of James Barrett.
An act for the relief of William Dixon.
An act to extend the time for locating Virginia
military land warrants, and for returning surveys
of the same to the General Land Office, was taken
up, verbally amended by general consent on mo-
tion of Mr. HAMER, and then passed.
Sundry bills from the Senate were taken up, read
twice, and referred to their appropriate standing
committees.
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, on leave, submit-
ted the following resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the causes of the
failure of the last term of the Circuit Court of the
United States for the State of Louisiana, and into
the conduct of the United States District Judge of
the said State, in attempting to remove the Clerk of
the said District and Circuit Courts, without suffi-
cient cause.
Mr. J. in offering the resolution, explained
the serious causes of complaint which had ex-
isted in Louisiana for years with regard to the
operations of the judicial system of the United
States in that State. He stated that no business
had yet been disposed of in the circuit court for
that State; that the last term of the court had not
been held, in consequence of an arbitrary attempt
of the district judge to remove the clerk of the dis-
trict and circuit courts without causn. He had
been informed from the most respectable sources,
that the clerk produced a letter from the district
judge, stating that "he had performed the duties of
his office faithfully, promptly, and uprightly, and
to the entire satisfaction of the bench, the bar,
and the public; and that the only reason he had
for removing him was a desire to appoint an inti-
mate friend in his place." On opening the circuit
court, Judge McKinley, of the Supreme Court,
after the argument of council, gave an opinion
that the district judge did not possess the power to
remove the clerk without cause. Judge Lawrence,
still maintaining his right so to act, the question, it
is understood, will be brought before the Supreme
Court of the United States for final decision. In
the mean time, neither the district nor circuit court
of said State can be held for the want of a clerk.
Consequently, the important business pending in
the said courts will be suspended for a further period
of, perhaps, twelve or eighteen months, and even
for a much longer time, if the case should not be
decided at the next term of the Supreme Court of
the United States. Thus the mass of business in
bolh courts is to be postponed, and the interests of
the people sacrificed, because the district judge
wishes to remove a clerk, who is eminently quali-
fied for the situation, and against whom he had no
cause of complaint, with the view of bestowing the
office on an intimate friend.
Mr. J. concluded by remarking that, if the facts
to which he had referred are true, of which he had
no doubt, he, as one of the representatives from the
State of Louisiana, had no hesitation in saying
that, in his opinion, the district judge should be
impeached and dismissed from office.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a message
from the President of the United States, transmit-
ting the claims of the Marshal of the Northern
District of New York for repressing frontier dis-
turbances, and recommending the passage  of a
