CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.                                            443
1836, to prohibit that institution from issuing or
circulating notes of a less denomination than twen-
ty dollars. That act did not become a law, but this
feature of it met the approbation of the two Houses
of Congress, while the objections of the then Presi-
dent to the bill made no mention of this provision
as exceptionable in his mind. On the contrary,
his whole policy, and all his recommendations in
relation to the currency, after that date, and espe-
cially after the time when the power could have
been exercised, favored the policy of this limitation.
Various legislation of Congress in the year 1836,
distinctly indicated a determination to adhere to, and
carry out the policy, and by limiting the circula-
tion of bank notes of the smaller denominations,
to secure a currency of coin only for the minor
transactions of business, for the payment of day
laborers, for the change required in pecuniary deal-
ings and the like; and in this way, also to give a
more broad metallic basis to our whole paper cir-
culation. Many of the States of the Union fell in-
to the policy thus adopted and pursued by this
Government, and conformed their legislation to
the object proposed. It seemed to be universally
conceded that these two objects could only be se-
cured by the exclusion of small bank notes from
ordinary circulation; and all adopted the policy as
wise, and worthy of pursuit. The powers of this
Government could effect little, as the paper circu-
lation to be suppressed was that of the notes of
banks existing by, and acting under State autho-
rity; but what it could do, was proposed tobe
done by the provision of the deposite law above
quoted. As a more direct, and much more efficient
movement, a very general and vigorous effort was
made by the States and the people, to exclude from
circulation bank notes of a less denomination than
five dollars; and several States, whose banks
had, theretofore, been authorized to issue notes
of the denominations of one, two, and three dollars,
took from them that authority, while the banks of
several other States had either never possessed that
authority, or had been deprived of it at a previous
period. . The progress in this attempted reform of
the currency was materially retarded by the fact
that all the States did not enter into, and act upon
it, .«.o as to restrain the issues of small notes by
their banks, and that the banks of the British pro-
vinces upon our northwestern boundary continued
to issue small notes, which found a more or less
extended circulation in the contiguous Slates of the
Union. Still the advance towards an entire metallic
circulation for all sums below live dollars was as
rapid as, m the then situation of the country and
the banks, could reasonably have been expected;
and additional States were taking measures for the
gradual exclusion of the small notes of their banks,
when the suspension of specie payments, with very
few exceptions, by all the banks of all the States,
in May, 1837, arrested the salutary improvement.
The suspension was, to every practical extent,
perfect. The banks, as a general rule, did not pay
specie upon any denomination of their notes, or to
any class of their creditors. An unavoidable con-
sequence followed. All the coin in circulation, the
most oí which had been put in circulation by the
policy and measures before adverted to, was either
gathered into the banks, not to be again given out
for the circulating currency of the country, or was
hoarded by private holders, to whose minds the
suspension had communicated a feeling allied to
panic, inclining them to treasure up all tiiey had
which was money, precisely in proportion to the
diminution of their confidence in the value of that
circulating medium which had, theretofore, repre-
sented money, but could not do so during the conti-
nuance of the entire suspension of specie payments
by the banks. Hence either an absence of any
medium for business transactions under five dol-
lars, or the worst of ail media which an enlightened
public feeling could tolerate, soon became, in many
sections of the Union, an evil of the first magni-
tude, and one against which the interference of the
State Legislatures was commandingly invoked. In
obedience to calls of this description from a suffer-
ing constituency, the Legislatures of several of the
States, which had adopted and prosecuted the policy
of substituting the circulation of coin for that of
small bank notes in the minor pecuniary transac-
tions of society, felt it to be their duty to retrograde
in their action, and again to confer upon their
banking institutions the power to issue, and the
right to circulate, notes of the denominations below
five dollars. In some cases this change of policy,
in the action of the States, has been made general
and unlimited; while in others, as the committee
think more wisely and fortunately, it has been
made temporary, and adopted with an evident de-
sign, not to abandon the policy, but to meet the
particular grievance, and, that being obviated, to
return to those sound measures which, as perma-
nent regulations of law, cannot fail to have a most
salutary influence upon our currency generally,
and especially upon the interest of the poorer, and
by far the most numerous classes, in its soundness
and reality.
Still the committee suppose that nearly all the
banks in many entire States have, in obedience to,
and in conformity with, this change of policy in
the legislative action of the States under whose
authority they exist, violated the restriction imposed
by the dause of the Depssite law of 1836 lad
above quoted, and thus put it out of the power of
the fiscal officers of this Government to receive
any of their notes in any payment to the United
States while that restriction remains in force, and
without modification. Under such circumstances,
the committee are not prepared to say that this
provision should be so rigidly adhered to as to per-
petuate the exclusion of the notes of these banks
from the public receipts, while the notes of other
banks, no more safe, are received. Such a rule
'would not aid the policy which the committee ear-
nestly advocate of giving greater stability to our
paper circulation, but would merely establish an
invidious discrimination between the different
local banking institutions, founded, so far as they
can discover, upon no defensible principle. Had
these violations ef the restriction imposed by the
Deposite law been entirely voluntary on the part of
the banks; had no suspension of specie payments,
and no consequent derangement of the whole paper
currency, intervened; and, even under these pressing
inducements, had not the interference of the Legis-
latures of the States authorized the violations, and,
in some cases, at least, rendered the issue of the
small notes almost, if not altogether, a duty in the
estimation of the surrounding community, the com-
mittee would be the last persons to suggest even,
much less to recommend, the icmission of the
penalty which this law of Congress imposes upon
the act.
After what has been said, it will not be expected
that the committee will yield to "the expediency of
repealing those provisions of the said act which
prohibit the receipt in payment of debts and dues
to the United States of the bills of all banks which
issue bills of less denomination than five dollars.'-
This would be to yield the sound and salutary
policy which the provisions were designed to carry
out; one of the last things, in the administration of
the affairs of thisGovernment, which the committee
are disposed to surrender. While the benefits of a
sound and stable currency are so loudly demanded
by all parties and all interests, and while the commit-
tee know and feel that a greater infusion of com into
the circulating medium of the country is the safest
mode of reaohing that great and good result, they
cannot become parties, much less agents, in a
course of legislation which shall surrender the first
step towards a consummation so ardently desired
. by all. They, therefore, give their opinion against
a repeal of this provision.
It remains to consider what modification can pro-
perly be adopted to meet the case, and not weaken
the great principle contended for.   That,  in the
opinion of the committee, is a proposition of easy
solution.    The legislation  of several of the States,
to which reference has been made, furnishes a pre- !
cedent which Congress can safely follow.    A post- I
ponemem, so far, of the operative limitation of the |
provision, as to relieve the banks from the exclu-  I
sion  caused by former violations; the fixing  of
another day,  beyond which, if they shall again
cease to issue notes below the denomination of
five dollars, their notes may be received in payment
of the public dues, will effectually cure the evil
complained of; place the excluded banks, so far as
the legislation of Congress is concerned, upon the
same footing with their neighbor institutions, and
preserve the policy of the law, in no other respect
impaired than as to the time when that policy shall
become practice.
The committee cannot, in justice to their own
feelings, fail here to notice that many of the exclu-
ded banks have been among the first in the country
to resume specie payments; that their issue of notes
under the denomination of five dollars was a mea-
sure believed, not by those interested m the banks
simply, but by the community within which they
are located, to be in direct aid of a speedy resump-
tion by the institutions which made the issues; and
that the effect of those issues, under the circum-
stances of the case, and in the then condition of the
currency, is still thought to have been salutary upon
all interests, public and private. These are circum-
stances, which as it seems to the committeee, can-
not escape the attention of Congress in deciding
upon the propriety of the suggested modification of
this provision of the deposite law of 1836.
Still the question is one connecting itself with
the general subject of legislation, covered by the
bill upon which, as has been before remarked, the
Senate has acted, during its present session, and
which bill haj been, long since, sent to the House
of Representatives for the concurrence of that body.
When that bill shall be acted upon, the committee
believe that an amendment, to the effect they have
suggested, will be proper and expedient; and as
they have abundant evidence that the attention of
that body has been repeatedly and expressly called
to this particular point, they have no reason to doubt
that it will receive the required modification there,
in case the judgment of the House, upon the pro-
priety of its adoption, shall agree with that which
the committee entertain and express.
They believe it, therefore, inexpedient that any
independent proposition to accomplish this object
should, at the present time, be originaled in, or
acted upon by, the Senate. Should the bill referred
to be rejected by the House, or should it be return-
ed to the Senate without the amendment suggested,
in either case the modification may be originated
and passed as an independent bill, without material
consumption of time, in relation to the business of
this body, while its adoption by the other, in the
manner here suggested, will save the time and
forms of independent legislative action. For these
reasons thj committee return the resolution to the
Senate, without any proposition for the present ac-
tion of the body upon any one of it3 suggestions.
After a debate, in which Messrs. WEBSTER,
NORVELL, WRIGHT, and BENTOiN-, took
part, the report was ordered to be printed.
The Senate then took up the bill making appro-
priations to prevent and suppress Indian hostilities
for the year 1838, and for arrearages for 1837;
when,
Mr. BENTON addressed the Senate at length,
in favor of the bill, and in reply to Messrs. South-
ard and Prentiss's remarks of yesterday.
Mr. PRESTON followed in reply; and
The question was then taken, and the bill was
passed without a division.
After the consideration of Executive business,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturdav, June 9, 1838.
Mr. HAYNES, on leave, presented a petition for
a mad route from Columbus, Georgia, to Apala-
chicola, Florida.
Mr. TITUS moved a suspension of the rules (ob-
jection having been previously made to the request)
to enable him to submit a motion to make the bill
to extend the pension system of the United Stales
the special order for Saturday next, from 11 till 1
o'clock, but the motion was disagreed to, only 52
voting for it.
Mr.CAMPEELL of Tennessee moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the Treasury Building bill
was laid on the table yesterday, and the motion was
entered on the Journal.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a, bill for the relief of
William Traverse.
Mr. POPE moved a suspension of the rules for
