444
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
the purpose of taking up the "bill to extend the
provisions of the law of 1832 to Western Indian
fighters, between the years 1783 to 1795," so as to
fix it as a special order for Friday next, from 11
to 1 o'clock; but the House refused—only 47 voting
for the motion.
Mr BOND moved that the "bill to enlarge the
provisions of the act, entitled 'an act granting half
pay to widows or orphans, where their husbands
and fathers have died of wounds received in the
military service of the United States, m certain
cases, and for other purposes' "—together with a
Senate bill on the same subject—be made the spe-
cial order for Monday week, after the States were
called through for petitions, but the motion was
rejected.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Andrew
Rembert.
Mr MONTGOMERY, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported the bill
to establish certain post routes, and moved that it
be made the special order of the day for Monday
week, which was agreed to.
Mr M then moved to include certain other bills
reported from the ->ame committee in the same
special order, but this motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BIRDSALL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, repoi ted a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Nathan Smith, deceased.
Mr B irom the same committee, made unfa-
vorable reports on the following petitions and me-
merial*, to wit heirs of Major General John
Thomas, for bounty land, heirs of Timothy Page,
compensation tor military service , Catharine Tel-
fair, for bounty land, Mary O'Baanan, compensa-
tion for property taken by the BnUsh m the war of
the Revolution, Isaac N. Piggott, pay for services
rendered in the war of the Revolution, Ruth Hawks,
pay for destruction and loss of property in the same
war, Lucy Knoles, for bounty land.
These reports, on motion of Mr. B. were several-
ly laid on the table, and directed to be printed.
Mr. B. asked that the same committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of a resolu-
tion of inquiry in the case of Louis Webb, directed
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims agreed
to.
Mr. B. asked that the same committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the fol-
lowing petitions, to wit heirs of Daniel Truehart,
Thomas Park and John Peebles, which was agreed
to, and the same laid on the table, on motion of
Mr. B.
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported, without amendment, Senate bill
to amend the act more effectually to provide for
the punishment of certain crimes against the United
States, and fur other purposes
The bill for the relief of lhe legal representatives
of John Jourdon, deceased, was then taken up, and
opposed by Mr ALLAN of Vermont (on whose
call the yeas and nays on it were ordered,) and
Mr HALL, and supported by
Mr CRAIG, when the question was taken on it,
and the bill was rejected—veas 43, nays 110
The bill foi the relief of the legal representatives
of John P. Harrison was postponed till Friday
next.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Lalhrop Allen, deceased, was read the third time
and passed.
The bill for the relief of the legal íepresentatives
of Capt. Thomas Triplett, deceased, was taken up,
and opposed by Mr. ALLEN, of Vermont, and
Mr HAWES, when its further consideration was
postponed till Friday next.
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal re-
presentatives oí Rignold Whit, alias Nick Hilla-
ry, was opposed by Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio,
and supported by Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD and
Mr. CRAIG, when the bill was rejected
> The bill foi the relief of Josephine Nourse, was
taken up like the foregoing, being on its third
reading, and opposed by Messrs. UNDERWOOD,
CUSHMAN, REED, CAMBRELENG, and TIL
LINGHAST, and supported by Messrs. HAL
STEAD, MASON, BRIGGS, and CRAIG, when
the bill was rejected.
[This bill involved a principle of much interest
to persons m the military service of the United
State?. In favor of the bill it was argued, that
Dr. Nourse was ¡a the regular army of Florida,
during a period when the army was deficient of
surgeons; and in consequence of prevailing dis-
eases, he was compelled to perform extraordinary
duty His exertions, united with the unhealthy
condition of the climate and army, induced a
disease of which he soon died. It was contended
that the law provided for pensions to those who
died of wounds received m the service m the regu-
lar army, and for pensions to those who died of
Aseases or woun Is contracted in the service, pro-
vided they were volunteers or milüw. The bill was
opposed upon the ground that the law made a dis-
tinction between the army, and the militia or
volunteers The first enlisted voluntarily, to make
arms a profession, under a contract of well
known pay, perquisites, and advantages. The
militia were subject to be compelled to leave
their homes and their business, by drafts, against
their will, to enter into the service; and volun-
teers were supposed, also, to act against their
will in the profesbion of arris, under some emer-
gency, such as should compel any and every man
to defend his home and his country. The first went
deliberately into the service, knowing the terms,
the others were forced into it against their inclina-
tion and interest; and the distinction, whethei
founded in justice or not, had been made to com-
pensate, in a more adequate degree, those who
were forced to abandon their ordinary pursuits. It
was further urged, that if the distinction was not
properly made, the law m favor of the militia
should be repealed, or the pension system for the
regular army should be extended, and m case the
lai er course should be adopted, a pension should
be given for all those who might die in the service
of the United States, whether army, naval, or civil,
for the principle would apply equally to all.
The question rested upon this principle, and the
additional consideration that special legislation
should not be had upon such subjects which ought
to be governed by general laws If the general
laws as they now exist are correct, and founded
upon a just discrimination, this bill ought to be
rejected, because, though a strong case, it ought
not to be made an exception to the general rule.
But if the law ought to be altered, it should be
done by a general law, which wculd include this
and all similar cases. The rejection of the bill
shows the sense of the House, that these principles
of the pensioi laws shall be maintained ]
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Nathaniel Tracy and Thomas Gordon, re-
ported with an amendment, striking out the interest,
which, after some remarks from Messrs. UNDER-
WOOD, McKENNAN, CUSHING, and POT-
TER, when—
Mr. ALLEN of Vermont moved to postpone it
till Friday next.
Mr. CUSHMAN moved to lay the bill on the
table   lost.
After some further remarks from Messrs. AL-
LEN and UNDERWOOD,
Mr. LOOMIS moved to postpone the bill to Sa-
turday next, which motion prevailed.
The bill for the relief of the representatives of
Colonel Francis Vigo was taken up, and the ques
t on pending was upon the amendment of the com-
mittee, striking out the clause allowing interest.
After some explanation by Messrs UNDER-
WOOD, PETRIKIN, POPE, CUSHMAN, MER-
CER, EWING, WHITE, ADAMS, PARMEN-
TER and CAMBRELENG, the yeas and nays
having been ordered, the question was taken, and
the vote was, ayes 86, noes 56.
So the amendment was concurred in by the
House, and the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read on Monday.
The bill for the relief of the representatives of
William T. Smith was postponed to Saturday next
The bill for the relief of Thomas Sumpter x\as
postponed to Saturday next
The bill for the relief of the representatives of
Thomas Jett was postponed to Saturday next.
The bill foi the relief of the representatives of
James Madison, was postponed o Saturday next,
The bill for the relief of George Gibson, was or-
dered to be engrossed, and read a third time on
Monday.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of William
Vawter, was next taken up, and the question was
on concurring with the committee in their amend-
ment striking out the enacting clause.
The question was discussed by Messrs. UNDER-
WOOD, ALLEN, MERCER, and CHAMBERS,
after which it was taken, and decided in the affir-
mative—ayes 46, noes 19, not a quorum.
When upon motion of Mr. WISE, the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Saturday, June 9, 1838.
Mr. PIERCE presented a petition from the
Rhode  Island State Temperance Society, which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, said he rose to present
some petitions, few m number, all relating to ths
same subject, and praying the establishment of a
United States Bank. They profess, said Mr. C. to
be from men of all parties; men who have felt the
pressure ra their business from the present deranged
state of the currency, particularly at the South and
Southwest, where a large portion of their trade was
concentrated. Constituted as Congress now was,
he felt how utterly unavailing would be all their
prayers. One of these petitions was from certain
friends of the Administration, that was, late friends
of the Administration whose complexion was Indi-
cated by certain marks affixed to their names,
which would enable any Senator interested to as-
certain if the facts were as stated. He would only
move that they be received, and laid on the table.
Mr. ALLEN presented a petition from sundry
citizens of Manhattan county, Ohio, praying a
reformation of the post office regulations in rela-
tion to newspapers printed in the county, referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee on Pensions,
made several reports, favorable and adverse, on the
pension bills received from the House, on which,
when they came up, he would offer a synopsis of
the evidence.
Mr. PIERCE, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the following bills:
The bill for the relief of Samuel Edgecomb.
The bill for the relief of Isaac Austin.
The bill for the relief of Oliver Pecker.
The bill for the relief of William Fitzgerald.
The bill for the relief of William Jenkinson.
The bill for the relief of Conrad Wedrig.
Also, from the same committee, the following
bills, without amendment:
The bill for the relief of Amos Thompson.
The bill for the relief of Neil McNeil.
The bill for the relief of Solomon Ketcham.
The bill for the relief of Christopher Denmson.
The bill for the relief of Frederick Hill.
The bill for the relief of Simeon Smith.
Also, the bill for the relief of Anna West, with
an amendment.
The resolution offered by Mr. Morris on Thurs-
day having been called up,
Mr. MORRIS said he had received information
from resident citizens of Ohio, that there were two
land districts in that State, where all the sales of
the public lands would not pay the omcers's salaries
for one month. In short, he said, the land offices
should be reduced, or the whole value of the
public lands would be absorbed in expenses, and
expiessed a hope that the committee would give
the subject their special attention.
The resolution was adopted.
The bill for the relief of Richard P. Banks of the
State of Arkansas, was read a third lime and
passed.
The joint resolution relating to the purchase of
the History of the Revolution, was referred to the
Committee  on the Judiciary.
A strenuous effort was made on the part Mr.
TROTTER to have the vote relating to the inde-
finite postponement of the bill regulating the sala-
ries of certain judges of the Circuit Court of the
United States, which failed.
