CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
should never hare been made instrumental in cir-
culating notes, of a denomination which banished
that com from circulation. No such regulation
was ever necessary, either to trade or banks; nor
is there any reason whatever for now repealing the
section m question. On the contrary, there are
stronger reasons than ever for its continuance.
When it was sent 10 this House by the Senate in
1816, so little was it regarded as a party question,
a gentleman of the Opposition moved that it
should go into immediate operation. His
motion was rejected, but the gentleman was
right. There was no reason then for post-
poning it a day, nor is there new for suspend-
ing it an hoar. Receive the notes of specie paying
banks if yon please, for all your large payments
forcustoms and lands, but do not make the Fede-
ral Government instrumental in excluding the cur-
rent coin from our circulation, by constituting it
the agent of the banks m enlarging their issues of
small notes. The section besides contains other
and important provisions, limiting the receipt of
bank notes to those redeemable in specie and on
the spot. I trust that it will remain the law of the
land as long as the receipt of bank notes is tolera-
ted, as a measure indispensable to the security of
the revenue, and essentially contributing to the
soundness of the curiency.
It is also proposed to modify or repeal the pro-
vision m the act of June, 183C, prohibiting the
receipt of the notes of any bank which has, since
the 4'h July, 183G, issued any bill or note of a less
denomination tnan five dollars. That object will
be accomplished if this bill becomes a law. The
20th section, together with the last, lepeala this
restriction This provision of the bill is, however,
the one most violently opposed, because it proposes,
at the end of six years, to dispense with the receipt
of bank notes altogether. No language can expiess
the abhorrence which some gentlemen entcilam
towards this abominable and barbarous .spot u<
section. Yet it so happens, strange as it may seem,
that gentlemen themselves have been guilty of a
much moie atrocious act of treason against the
banks than any ever attempted by the fnends of
the Administration. There was an important pro-
vision in the celebrated currency bill of 1837,
which passed both houses by overwhelming votes,
and was so great a favorite here, that the rule was
suspended, the previous question oidcred, and the
bill passed without debate. In that bill will be
found the following provision
11 torn and allei the paysagp of Ehi*. art, the noten ol no bunk
whn h shut iisucor ciiuilatobilli nrnottüj of « ((«tdemmmn
tion thiiti live dollar*, shall be 101 oivotlon tu count of the public
dues, liomamlttUerHhe thirty fust ihy of Meconium, oi/htmn
bundled ami thirty-nine, the note  of no bunk winch shall li«ur
oí circulate bills or notos of «}em denomination thtin ttn dot
His, shall beso receivable, and Worn and aftei the tlmty tu t
day ofPecember, eighteen hundred and forty one, the likt rno
hibitlon shall bo extended to tho notes 01 all banks issuin? 01
circulating billa or notes of a less denomination than twenty
dolíais "
Gentlemen may say this was under other cir-
cumstances, and before the banks suspended specie
payments. What was wise then might be other-
wise now What wilLthey say when they learn
that this identical provision, word for word and let-
ter for letter, was voted for tn the Senate of the
United States on the third day of October
last, during the extra session, by eveiy mem-
ber of the Opposition, and bv every Conserva-
twet 'And what was this proposition! Why
th.it from and after the thirty-first day of Decem-
r*<r, 1841, the notes of no bank shall be ¡eceived
ft r public dues which issued or circulated any bill
or note of a less denomination than twenty dollars.
In oiher words, the revenue was after that date to
be collected exclusively in specie, or 111 evidences
of public debt, for such would have been the ine-
vitable result if gentlemen had succeeded in their
own effort* to establish, what they are pleased to
denominate, an exclusive metallic currency. There
js not a bank m the Union which would have dis-
continued, so long as they were permitted to do so,
the issuing and circulating bank notes of a deno-
mination less than twenty dollars, merely to secure
the privilege of having their notes received in pay-
ment of public dues, and redeemable in specie on
the spot. What, then, is the difference between
this proposition and that id this bill, which has
been denounced as so disastrous in its effects'
None substantially or practically, except that the
proposition of gentlemen woald have gone into ful,
operation, and excluded bank notes, two years
earlier than the period proposed in this bill. In-
deed, tour years earlier, for the ten dt liar provision,
which was to take effect on the Slst of December,
1839, would have effectually excluded the notes of
every bank in the Union. It is not a little singu-
lar that the most moderate measure should excite
ihe abhorrence and alarm of the same gentlemen
who twice voted for the other, and denounced the
late President for retaining the bill containing this
identical hard-money provision
We are imperatively called upon to adopt some
measure, at this time, whether it be peimanent or
merely temporal)'. Of the various propositions
submitted at this and the late session, none have as
yet commanded a majority of both Houses. The
special deposite system cannot obtain the support
of either party. The Stale bank plan, so lecently
exploded, as an independent proposition, would not
receive fifty votes in this House. The only mea-
sure which is now, or will be hereafter, supported
as the antagonist of that now under consideration,
Is a National Bank. That has already been de-
cided against by a large majority of this House,
and has been rejected m the Senate by a much
larger vote. The Independent Treasury, then,
though it may not be sustained by a majority of
this House, is undoubtedly preferred, both here
and elsewhere, to uther of the measures proposed.
Are we, then, under such circumstances, to do
nothing, and leave our Treasury wholly at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary for four years to come1! I
trust not. The bill under consideration proposes
to limit his discretion, and define his duties. Italso
piovides additional security lor the public revenue,
new checks upon our public officers, and many
finaneiil lobulations which should have been long
since adapted As to ihe spocie section, its opera-
tion is. gradual, and will be imperceptible. Why,
then, reject this bill, and leave the Treasury whol-
ly unregulated? Why substitute Treasury orders
for legal piovisions?
Why is it that gentlemen who are so jralous of
Executive diMiietion, who denounce the late Presi-
dent for alleged usurpation, and who are daily ar-
raigning ihe Secretai y of the Tieasury for his cir-
culan—why is it that they refuse to co operate with
us in piesciibmg the duties of the Secretary, and
of every other officer connected wtlh the reveuue?
There can be but one answer. If this bill passes,
agitation will cease, weshallhoar no more of Tiea-
sury circuláis, the banks must resume specie pay-
ments, exchanges will be adjusted, and the country
will prosper without the agency ol a National
Bank It is in vain to dttguise the matter. Those
who honestly believe lhat without such an institu-
tion this counlry never can flourish, and that with-
out consolidation ihis Government cannot stand,
consider a lew years of embarrassment to ttade a
saciifice of hltle moment when compared with
those permanent blessings which, m their opinion,
would follow their triumph The opposition to
this meastue is obviously preparatory to the
great struggle in which we are about to en-
gage We aie already furnished with the out-
line of a nationat institution, or rather plan
of Government, more formidable than any hith-
erto projected A bank of fifty millions, owned
by Ihe Federal Government, the States and
capitalists—a union of seven-and-twenlv Exe-
cutives with the banking interest of the country—
the concentration and consolidation of all political
and moneyed power. To accomplish these great
ends, we must postpone this measure fiom session
to session, and leave oui Treasury wholly unregu-
lated. Foi such purposes are we invited to debate
this question for two years to come, to benefit the
leading members of the stock exchange anil their
political associates I trust that a majority of this
House will not be influenced by any such consi-
derations. We have already decided against every
other measure, and whether we reject or pass this
bill, our revenue system remains unaltered. We
merely substitute the will of Congress for Treasury
discretion, and leave nothing to Executive power
which can be regulated by law.
Mr PICKENS then obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the House tüt the hour foi taking the
recess.
EVENING SESSION.
The House met at half-past three, pursuant to
the ordei.
Mr. PICKENS concluded his remarks upon the
subject of the Independent Treasury bill
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia then obtained the
floor, but stating that the subject had come up sud-
denly, and that he was not prepared, he requested
that the committee should rise, and indulge him till
to-morrow.
After some conversation upon the order of busi-
ness, the committee rose, and reported progress.
Upon motion of Mr. WHITE of Kentucky, the
House then went into Committee of the Whole
upon the post íoute bill.
The amendment of Mr. HOPKINS, with an
amendment proposed thereto by Mr. UNDER-
WOOD, being under consideration,
Mr UNDERWOOD briefly went into an argu-
ment to show thai the proposed new routes could
be established, without any extraordinary appro
priation.
Mr. REED expressed his desire to grant every
facility to the country which could be done without
encioachment upon the Treasury. He referred to
some topics upon which he wished more informa-
tion, and alluded to the express mail as an accom-
modation to speculators, not generally useful to
the people, and he thought it an extra expense that
might be dispensed with.
Mr. MONTGOMERY replied in relation to the
express mail. It had not been brought directly be-
/oie the committee, though they had thought of the
expediency of abolishing it. That mail had only
existed upon great commerc al routes, and it had
facilitated the transmission of intelligence; but as
soon as railroad and steamboat commun'cation had
bren established, that mail had been abolished
He did not know but he would go to dispense with
it altogether, as the expense had been some hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars more than the in-
come.
Mr. POPE went into some considerations m fa-
voi of the bill, and appealed to the committee not
to embarrass the bill by objecting to trifles, as it
was important, paiticularly tor the West, that it
should be passed. If the amendment was objec-
tionable, he hoped it would be rejected, and that
the bill would be passed.
Mr. YELL thought the pnnciple had been, from
the|irst, to make the Post Ofiice Department sup-
poit itself from its own funds. This principle had
been, m some instances, departed from, and he was
willing to make a contingent appropriation, so that
the Postmaster General might have a discretionary
power to use it or nc t as might be necessary. He
did not wish that the little necessary accommoda-
tion for the West should be withheld, but he would
prefer that such routes as were requisite should be
maintained there, aud that some great routes in the
interior, and upon the seaboard, should be so cut
down as to keep the expenditure within reasonable
bounds. Unless some appropriation w as made, it
would be necessary to cut down some of the routes
m the old States, or refuse routes m the West which
are absolutely necessary.
Mr MARTIN contended that it was idle, and
would be futile, to pass the bill without t e amend-
ment He would not go into the statistics of Ihe
office, but it was stated by the Postmaster General
that the funds available to the Department were
not adequate to the call made by the proposed new
routes. It was, therefore, proper lo supply funds
from other resources, or to reject the bill. He con-
tended for the necessity of establishing the routes
proposed, and objected to the curtailment proposed
by Mr. Yell. He did not wish to have any cur-
tailment m these facilities for the accommodation
of the people.
The debate was further continued by Mesrrs.
HALL, GOODE, MERCER, BRIGGS, MONT-
GOMERY, YELL, and CALHOON.
After which the amendments were adopted, and
