CONCESSIONAL GLOB&.
46 i
nly sohtátwi the notice -of Congress, thejr ought at
least fo show that all concerned in this business
had clean hands. But why, sir, do these gentle-
men ask the interference ot Congress in any man-
ner whatever? The enterprise was begun for indi-
vidual glory, for the purpose of obtaining an impe-
rishable renown, by the coupling their names with
that of Washington. At least this was urged to
induce contributions in his county; and he would
not, by any act of his, rob gentlemen of this
glory which they hoped to acquire, nor would
he aid them to acquire glory which they did
not 'deserve. Hé would have them to pursue
that course which their judgments ¡should direct,
and were he engaged in the concern, it would be
his last thought to apply to the Government for
leave to erect it on public ground. He would not
expose a monument of this kmd to the dangers
which public strife might produce. But, sir, said
Mr. M. I do not believe we are sent here to en-
ter into any scheme for the erection of monu-
ments, by which the public moneys may be voted
to be expended, under the direction of this, or any
other society. Nor would he ever give his vote to
connect the Government with any private associ-
ation whatever. His colleague had said that for
the Society to'say that only $30,000 had been col-
ccted or subscribed, was a libel on the Ameri-
can people; for every portion of the country had
been traversed by agents for this purpose; and he
jepeated again, that the charge made in this verita-
ble paper, «sit claims to be, against the Senators
from Ohio, was groundless And i.ilse.
Mr. ALLEN obseived that he saw this morning
in the National Intelligencer the publication which
had formed the subject oí his honorablo colleague's
remarle*. He knew (hat it would be very useless,
for a public m%« to engage in controversies with
the conductors of the public press, and perhaps it
would be wrong to do so; because whilst there was
here almost an unlimited scope allowed to the dis-
cussions of members, he should be very unwilling
to restiain ths press BJe was glad that his col-
league had noticed the publication in the Intelligen-
cer in the maimer he did, because they could by
this means eorreet the errors of the Intelligencer.
If the editors of that paper meant to say that he
and his colleague had charged the managers of this
society with fraud, they did them injustice. If they
meant to say that he and his colleague liad charged
any body with fraud, they did them equal injustice
The sum total of what was said by hit. colleague
and himself was this A bill was before the Se-
nate to allow the managers of ihe Washington
Monument Society to erect a monument to the
memory of Washington on the public ground--,
and by one of its provisions the work was to be
carried on under the superintendence of the Com-
missioner of the Public Buildings He [Mr. 'A ]
then look the occasion to inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on the Di*<nct of Columbia what
amount of money the society had on hand to com-
plete the work; and that Senator said that he be.
he red that the sum oí thirty thousand dollars had
been reported as the amount collected. Thereupon
he [Mr. A.J took the occasion to express bis sur-
prise at, and utter disbelief m, the correctness
of this report. He did not ascribe the embez-
zlement of the money to any body; but,
in reply to some remarks of ihe Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Norveix,] he said that he knew
not one single man who had the management of
this matter "in the city of Washington, and, there-
fore, could make no personal application to any
bodv. He was aware that the person? who made
this-repmt of §10,000 might be ever so honest m
dfciog £>'>, and jet ihe fact that the money had not
been fairly applied might also be true. In what
manner bad this thin1  been conducted? The gen-
tlemen who had the management of it were here
m the city of Washington They had not person-
ally had the collecting of this money. They had
had almost innumerable agents ransacking the
eountry from one end to the other, some of whom"
might be good and some bad. He said that he did
not believe, nor would the American people ber
iieve, that bat $30,000 had been contributed by the
whole people of the United States, called on m the
manner they had been; bat he did not know where
the fault rested; he charged embezzlement to no-
body. But the ground of his surprise at this
meagre report of §30,000, this "beggarly account
of empty boxes," was this: An object had been
proposed to the people of the United States, and
that object was the erection of a national monu-
ment to the memory of the national .nan of the
country; and the name of Washington was so
potential to the American people, v ent so far to
excite their enthusiasm and stimulate their bounty,
that the most ample contributions were expected.
Besides, it was not only to be a national monu-
ment, but it was to be erected at the seat of Go-
vernment, to stand as the admiration of the world
Added to all this, as the name of Washington was
dear to the American people, the conspicuous and
influential public men of the country favored the
undertaking, and lent to it the sanction of their
names, many of them giving letters to the tra-
velling agents, addressed to their friends, lequesting
them to lend to it their aid. Every means had been
resorted to excite the interest and stimulate the
bounty of a grateful people. Armed with all this
—furnished with letters from high and influential
public men, and going out from the capital of the
nation, these agents went into the several Stites of
thr Union, and what did they do there' In s«me
of the States, he believed, the Fxecutives aided
the undertaking; and in his State ihe Executive, a
popular and worthy man, lent the sanct.on of his
official authority to extract the bounty of the peo-
ple. Sub-agents were appointed for the counties,
and w th all this (he people, so far as he knew,
contubuted bountifully. His colleague stated that
in thcioimtj m nhich he lived $ 1000 had been
collet led. lie himself stated thit so far as his
knowledge w nt, there was not a single indi"id lal
in his county who had been railed on who di 1 not
ic:pond by compl) lit; u itli iV demand Under
all these eircuin^nnces, he aid slate his disbelief
that but $30,000 hid been wrung from the hands
of a grateful people by such means lie stated
that it was a reproach to the liberality of the nation
to suppose (hat but this pitiful «um of $30,000 had
been collected from fifteen millions of freemen
He did not state where the fault was, nhuhrr it
rested with the managers here or with Ihe collect-
ing agents, but th'i e was great probi1 ihty u was
with the laid > Pome ol the names mentiorad of
this board of manageis, he believed, were highly
respectable men—all might be so; hut, notwnh-
sta.idim; all this, thcie was good .easnn to believe
that more money had been collected than was re-
ported. Sir, «aid Mi A the Senate, in at least
mill} of its members, fi.lt tin-, surprise equally
Ml mgwith himself or h>s eol'cague, and the bill
was ¡truck di  n without a division, and lor ihis
obvious leason The scale upon which this j,ork
was to be constructed was so loige and inig-
nificcnt, that tiiu cost was climated at one
million of dollars, to be raised fioin the vo-
luntary con ribnt ons of the American people
Every means hid been u«ed for two years to
excite this bounty, and after all this, the) rtported
that n'lly \3t),000 out of ihe million hid been col-
lected What the- must be the consequences of
passing th s bill? Cither that Congress must ap-
piopnate the deficiency, because the monument be-
ing by its authority on the public grounds, and un-
der the siipenntendencc of the Commissioner of
l"e Public Buildings, was m some sort a public
work, or the penp'c of the United States must be
again visited by ho t-ol travelling agents, 11 order
to makeup the sum wanted. Kow everybody
knew how these things progressed Gn e these pri-
vate md vuluals to levy contiibu'ionson the peo-
ple oí the Swes—put the woi r umlei the control
oi the public offi ers, and it will be >omf national
affair Then, the v<_ry next jcai ittvillbesud
that the people h.i\ * s i'im ubed an 1 not paid, and
Congress will he vailed upon to appiopnatc
§150,000 for the yea''s work In a word, Congress
must either appropriate the money out of the pub-
lic p ii ■, or tuin loose all this machinery of agents
and collectors upon the public, to make up one
milLoi of dollars at ihe rate of §30,000 in two
years Thesp he thought were sufficient reason?
why the Senate rejected the bill without a division.
He did not attend to the publication of what he
said on the subject the other day, but he hoped the
reporters had reported it correctly, and he also
hoped they would report him correctly now.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said he was unwilling
to interpose while this discussion was going on, ir-
regular as the Senate must have felt it to be, be-
cause the Senators fiom Ohio bad, on other occa-
sions, examples of a similar kind before them. He
hoped, however, it would not again be tolerated,
and that the presiding ofh\.tr of the Senate would
feel it his daty to check it at once. He hoped the
Senate would not, for the sake of it, own dignity,
to say nothing of its improper interfeience with the
despatch of public and private business now be-
fore the body, again tolerate these discussions,
founded on newspaper pirag'apbs. What would
it lead to? Look to his own case • he might, if he
adopted that course, tale up at least one-thud of
the time of the Senate He had been induced to
make thpsie remarks from the irregularity of the
mode of proceeding, and not from any spirit of
nnkmdness, or the least wish to censure the con-
duct of the two Senators fiom Ohio, but this he
would say, that no papei in this country was con-
ducted with more regard to piopriety, decorum,
truth, and faithfulness oí rcrort, than the Na o" il
Intelligencer; and he could wish tl u ¡lie other
journals of this city, and pailicula^y the one con-
nected with the Government, would look more to
this print for example.
Mr. MORRIS observed that, in geneial, he en-
tirely concurred with the Senator from Kenluckj.
I do, said he, deem this discussion irregular, and
would not have engaged m it if the example had
not been set him by some distinguished members
of that body But while the Senator from Ken-
tucl y spoke of the correctne-s of th o rewspaper,
he must have recollected that when some of his
[Mi M's] ltmarks wue incoirec ly reported in it
some tune ago, he undertook to correct them under
his own signatme, and the Senator would also ie-
collect how thai correction was, trea'ed by the Edi-
tors oí the Intelligencer. He would now ask why
they had not complied with their promise not to
notice any remarks of his again?
Mr CLAY of Alabama from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported the bill from the House,
without amendment, for to extend the time for
locating V.rgmia land warrants and returning sur-
veys thereon
Mr. FULTON, fiom the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the rebel of Hiram
Hirt, and others lead, and ordered to a second
reading
Mr ROVXE, fiom the Committee on the Dis-
trut of Columbia, lfpoued the bul ¡eferred to them
in rc'at.ui to the Oiphans-  Co lit of itic countv of
Aletandm, D. C witn an amendment, which was
lead and agreed to, and the bill, by consent, was
ordered to a third rer !mg
Mr GRUNDY, fro n t *e Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported the bill refeired to them to abolish
ímpir-onment for debt in certain cases, with an
amendment, the design of wbich was to make the
abolition by this bill of t nprisonmen' for debt cor-
respond with its abolition in the respective Slates
where such imprisonment had, m whole oi m pait,
been abolished, nhir-h amerdment was read, ard
the bill takin up for consideia'ion.
Aiiei a few explanatory íemarks by Mr. GRUN-
DY and by Mr TALLM^DGE, urging the im-
portance of speedy action on the bill,
On motion of Mr. CLAY of Kentucky, who ex-
pressed some doubt as to the practicability of cai-
rjing all tne provisions of this bill, ?s it no vsnod,
into effect, and with the assent of Mr. Tai i M4DGE,
tl't bill v as!a„l <nn tkettble till to sorrow, andor-
dcied to bo print  t, v> th the a n"nd lien'
On motion of Mr. SMITR >f C >mi<_cncU, the
Commutee on Revolutionary C'aims was dischar-
ged from the further consideration of the petition of
David Hopkins and William Grayson's heirs.
The following bills fiom the House were seve-
rally read twice, and referred-
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Captain Samuel Jones, deceased.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Deborah
Gannett, a soldier of the Revolution,
