462                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The bill for the relief of Eliza Causin, daughter
and heir of Colonel John H. Stone, deceased.
On moLon of Mr. BENTON, three thousand
extra copies of the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, on the condition of the State bank's, were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRIS presented some additional papers
in support of the claim of Margaret Wall, which
were referred to the appropriate committee.
The amendments of the House to the bill au-
thorizing the appointment of persons to test the
usefulness of inventions for preventing the explo-
sion of the boilers of steamboats, were read, and,
on motion of Mr DAVIS, referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, ihe
Senate look up the bill granting pre-emp ion to the
settlers on the public lands, the question being in
concurring with the amendments made by the
House of Representatives
Mr LYON moved to amend the amendment,
by adding the following, to come in after the word
"improvements," in the 16th line "Or to any
lands that may have been sold in good faith to
others by persons who fairly and honestly pur-
chased and paid lor the same under color of tille
under any of the pre-emption laws heretofore en-
acted."
Mr. ROBINSON thought this amendment was
going rather too tai If the gentleman would
leave out the words "under color of title " ?nd
confine himself to titles granted by the United
Stales, he would ha/e no objection.
Mr. LYON sud his object was to pieserve the
nghis of innocent puichaseis only, and that there
would be many of such persons greatly injured,
without the adoption of this amendment, or some-
thing like it
Mr. ROBINSON objected that the adoption of
the amendment would be undertaking lo decide by
legislation that which ought to be left to courts of
just ee; and cited, for example, several cases in
which it would lead to great difficultis- He thought
it much bettpr to leave the matter wheie it was, as
Congress ought not, and could not, decide it
Mr CLAY of Kentucky thought the amendment
a proper one, as it vi ent to limit the opeiation of the
pre emption laws, and declare that the present act
shall not apply to cases now under a course of ad-
judication.
Mr LYON observed that the Senator from Ken-
tucky had stated his object correctly He did not
wish the contested cases to be decided at all, but
wished them to be left 10 the decision ot the Com-
missioner oí the General Land Oflice, before whom
they now were
Mr. SEVIER remarked, .that as he understood
the matter, all the difficulty had grown out of spe-
culations m town lots A man lays oat a town,
and sells out the lots, but it is subsequently found
that he had no legal title, and the holders of the
Jots claim them under the pre emption laws To
settle this controversy between the proprif toi of
Milwaukie and the persons who are ©n it, in
amendment is offered that may jeopardize Ihe «hole
lull. He understood thit there were agents here
from both parties, one wanting the bill passed with
this saving clause, and the other opposing it Thus,
through the hostile claims of these parties, the bill
might be jeopardized.
Mr LYON had no wish to make a law to em-
brace a particular class of cases only, but he had
a general object in view, for thpre were a great
many cases situated like those in the town of Mil-
waukie It the amendment was not adopted, the
tenants m the houses built by olhers would gel
them undei this law, though they ne\er paid a cent
for them
Mr YOUNG observed that the Senator fiom
Michigan might say that his object was a general
one, and not intended to apply to a particular class
of case , but such would be the application of it.
Why, the substance of this amendment was offered
when this bill was before the Senate, and before it
passed, and it was then rejected The claims to
this Milwaukie town had been contested on the
ground that the floats were illegally laid, and there
was no question but they were illegal, in fact, they
were set aside as being so    His information wa«,
that there was no dispute about the main body of
ihe town, but that the portion about which the dis-
pute was, contained but an inconsiderable number
of houses, and wai but a small part of the town.
Now, if the claimants had laid their titles accord-
ing to the laws of the United States, they were safe,
and if not, the lands were open to pre-emptions
Mr. Y. referred to the opinions of the President,
Attorney General, and Secretary of the Treasury,
all agreeing that these floats, having been laid be-
fore the ratification of the treaty, weie illegal.
Mr. Y. contended that it would be best to leave
these titles to be adjudicatsd by the proper tribu-
nals, and then those petsons who had ihe best
claims would get the land.
After some further remarks from Messrs LYON,
HUBBARD, BUCHANAN, YOUNG, ROBIN-
SON, and MORRIS,
Mr. TIPTON observed, that he believed "it to be
his duty to oppose all amendments to this bill at
this stage of the business. The bill was an impor-
tant one to the whole West. Thousands were in-
terested in ii, and he would put the question lo
Western Senators, to those who were in favor of
saving these improvements to the mdustuous set
tiers, whether it was not dangerous to make so im-
portant a movement at ihis stage of the proceed-
ings! He was in favor of any restrictions to pre-
vent frauds, bui he telt it his duty to oppose so im-
portant an amendment at this late hout.
Mr. HUBBARD asked it the Senatoi was not
aware that the Senate had pissed a bill carrying
out this very principle, and that it was now pend-
ing jn the other House, and if they did not
adopt this amendment, the passage of that bill by
the House would have no eifeet. If the treaty had
been ratified, the certificates issued by the land
office would have been valid, and under these cer-
tificates individuals had improved their tract*, and
built upon them—not know in?, until lately, that
any decision had been made against them. Now
whose fault was ihis? Not the innocent puichaser
to be sure. If the Senator lrotn Indiana succeeded
in Keeping off further amendments, the bill lhat
had passed here, and to which he had reierred,
would be a dead letter, and those individual*, who
have been at ihe trouble and expense oi improving
the tracts held bv tnem under these certifícales,
would sufler a total loss lie was perfectly \\ tiling
to adopt such an amendment as would leave all the
conflicting claim? unsettled
Mi SMITH, of Connecticut, obseivci], that if
those persons, viho originally entered this land, did
so under the honest belief that they could enter it
legally, Congress was bound in justice to confirm
their claims. 'I hey had acied fairly and honestly,
and those peisons who from subsequent knowledge
availed themselves of the defect in their titles to
oust them from their possessions, had no just
claims whatever If Congress confirmed the claims
of these last mentioned persons, they would bt
confirming fraud, instead of preventing it
Mr. SEVIER contended that the amendment
would cut off the first s ttler instead of the speeu
lator The first settlei bf mg in possession of the
lind, the speculator comes and Kjs a float on it,
and tne legality of tins floit has been contested
ever since the General Land Office hiving decided
against it The Senator from Conneclicut, there-
fore, in voting for this amendment, would vote to
oust the original settler for the bent fit of the «pecu-
lator.
After some remarks from Messrs PRENTISS
and BAYARD,
Mr. LYON, at the suggestion of Mi Bayard,
withdrew his amendment, and moved to reconsider
the vote on Mr Young's amendment of yesterday,
inserting the words "by the United States" after the
word "selected," in the thirteenth line of the amend-
ment, and the reconsideration having been ordered,
Mr CLAY of Alabama observed that he d d nol
wish to prolong this discussion, and that all he
wished to say was, (hat he was candid in the
avowal made by him in the beginning—that he did
not wish to favor the speculators at all, and, there-
fore, he had no objection to the amendment of the
House of Representatives excluding town sites
from the operations of the bill He now hoped that
the bill would be passed as amended by the House,
and the slight amendment made at the instance of
the Senator from Tennessee, and that it would not
be embarrassed by the conflicting claims of specu-
lators
After some remarks from Messts. YOUNG,
PRENTISS, and CLAY of Alabama,
Mr. KING said lhat before the vote was taken
on this question, he wished to inquire of his friend
from Illinois [Mr. Yodng] whether the individuals
who settled on the lands in the first instance, had
made application to be allowed their pre emptiona
under the existing laws, and had been refussd. If
that had been the case, and they had not got their
pre-emptions under the existing laws, this amend
ment of the House cuts them off Any individual
who had settled on a quarter section, and who had
not got his pre-emption tn consequence of the lands
not liemg sutveyed, and had laid it out into town
lots, would not get his pre-emption if this law
passed, under this or any former pre-emption law
The best way for the Senator from Illinois to come
at his object, was to withdraw his amendment and
offer another, applying to allotments made by citi-
zens, and not by the Government.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said that his colleague
was mistaken in one point He went'on the as-
sumption that this bill, it passed, would cut oif
those entitled to pre-emptions under the old laws.
Now this was not so. They could not pass a law
to divest the interests acquired under the previous
laws. As regarded lands that hid not been sur-
veyed, the only limitation was as to ihe time fixed
by the President's proclamation for sale. Under
the opinion of the Attorney General, the rights of
a settler on unsurveyed land to his pre-emplion,
took effect as soon as the survey was made The
individual's right never became extinct until the
day arrived which was fixed on by the proclama-
tion of the President for the sale. He did not be-
lieve the inconvenience existed that was'imagim I
by ihe Senator from Illinois, and he therefoie hope 1
that no amendment would be made to embarrass
the bill at this stage of its proceeding, and that it
be passed as it came from the House
Mr KING said that he had asked the question
whether the individuals had made application for
their pre-emptions under the existing laws, and
stated lhat, if they had not, they would not be en-
titled if this bill passed. lie was still of that
opinion, and the opinion of the Attorney General
was with him Unless the claimant filed his evi-
dence previous to the expiration oí the law, he is
not entitled.
Mr CLAY of Alabama still thought his col-
league was mistaken. Thete was no limitation in
the law, other than that he had mentioned.
Mr YOUNG then, with the consent oí the Se-
ñale, wiihdievv his amendment, and moved to strike
out the following words in the amendment of the
House, being from the 12th to the 16th lines "or
to any portions of public lands, surveyed or other-
wise, which have been actujlly selected as sites for
citias or towns, lotted into smaller quantities than
eighty acres, anj settled upon, and occupied for the
purposes of trade, and not of agricultural cultiva-
tion and improvement"
On taking the question, this amendment was ¡e-
jetted—yeas 11, nays 26, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Buchanan, Calhoun, Grundy,
Lumpkin, Montón, Nicholas., Roane, Robmson,
Wall, White, a>ad Young—11.
NAYS—Messrs Allan, Bayard, Benton, Brown,
Clay of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Clapton,
Cuthbert, Davis, Fulton, Hubbard, Kins , Knighi,
Lyon, Merrick, Moms, Niles, Norvell, Pierce,
Prentiss, Hive , Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Strange, Tipton, Will ams, and Wright—26
Mr CLAY of Kentucky stated that the effect ol
one of the amendments of the other House, which
had not been noticed by Senators, was to subject to
the provisions of this bill certain lards whxh had
heretofore been always reserved fiom pre-emption.
These were lands which it was supplied might be
covered by valid French or Spanish claims, much
of which, being near populous settlements, had now
become very valuable Mr. C especially speci-
fied certain lands of this class in the vicinity of St.
Louis, which, he said, would sell at once for $1Q
