CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
463
g.---i..i      ii   r ^ • 'i                                .........                                                    ,.....           ii
per acre.   Mr. C. in conclusion, moved to disagree
to this amendment of the House.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama remarked that this
clause was intended to apply to, lands that had been
reserved from sale, on the lalse suspicion that they
were included in French and Spanish grants; and
the honest individuals who were settled on them
would have been entitled to pre-emptions under
acts of 1833 and 1834, and were now entitled. We
are only giving to these persons, said Mr., C. by
the amendment, the same rights they would have
acquired, but for the false suspicion that ihe tracts
settled by them were covered by French and Spanish
grants. It was very questionable with him whether
these individuals were not already entitled, whether
the amendment was adopted or not, because they
were settlers on the public lands; and the pre-emp-
tion laws embraced all the public lands.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky; and it was carried—yeas
24, nays 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis,
King, Knight, McKean, Merrick, Niles, Pierce,
Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Robbins, Strange, Swift,
Tallraadge, Tipton, Wall, White, and Williams—
24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Clay of
Alabama, Pulton, Grundy, Hubbard, Lumpkin,
Lyon, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Rives, Robin-
son, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Trotter, Wright,
and Young—19,
The question was then on concurring with the
amendments of the House as amended, and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 49, nays 2, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benton, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Pulton,
Grundy, Hubbard, King, Knight, Lumpkin, Lyon,
McKean, Merrick, Mouton, Nicholas, Niles, Nor-
vell, Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Roane, Rob-
bins, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of In-
diana, Strange, Swift, TaUmadge, Tipton, Trotter,
Wail, White, Williams, and Wright—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Robinson and Young—2.
After the consideration of Executive business, .
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, June 20, 1838.
PATENT OFFICE.
As soon of the journal was read,
Mr. FLETCHERof Vermont asked Mr. Adams
(who was entitled to the floor) to yield to him for
a moment to make a motion, to which Mr. A. as-
senting, and unanimous leave being granted by the
the House,
Mr. F. said he-wished to call the attention of
the House to the bill reported by him from the
Committee on Patents, in addition to "An act to
promote the useful arts." It was a public bill of
considerable importance to the facility of the busi-
ness of the Patent Office, though it only involved a
few hundred dollars of expanse. Its consideration
would not occupy mora man half an hour, and he
would move to make it the order for Friday next,
after the morning business was disposed of, for
the space of half an hour only.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio objecting, the
motion was propounded, but it was disagreed to—
two thirds not voting in the affirmative.
Mr. HAMER, on leave, presented a petition
from an individual who had been brought to this
city from N. W. Ohio, by the officers of Govern-
ment, to testify in a late case, setting forth that the
officers of the Government declined to pay him, on
the alleged íeason of a want of power, and that he
was now here without the means of returning home.
The petition was, on Mr. H's motion, referred to
the Committee of Claims.
TEXAS.
Mr. ADAMS resumed his remarks on ihe report
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, on the subject
of the annexation of Texas. The question pending
being on the motion to recommit, with instructions ,
by Mr. Cbshins and Mr. Thompson, as heretofore
printed. Mr. xl. had not concluded when the orders
•of the day were called for.
On motion of Mr. BOON, the House took up the
Senate's amendment to the third amendment of the
House to the "pre-emption right bill," which relates
to the Spanish grants.
Mr. HARRISON of Missouri, said he would not
jeopardize the lull by insisting on the House's
amendment, though he could not help adverting to
the partiality of excluding the class of settlers em-
braced in that provision, and he would avail him-
self of this occasion to say that he would take an
early opportunity of bringing it before the House.
The amendment of the Senate was then concur-
red in.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
again went into Committee on the Union, on the
"bill to provide for the collection, safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue."
The question was on the motion of Mr. GAR-
LAND of Virginia to strike therefrom the enact-
ing clause, and that gentleman being entitled to the
floor, gave way, at his solicitation, to
Mr. BRONSON, who, on leave, laid on the table
the following amendment he proposed to submit
when in order:
Strike out all of the twentieth section, and insert
in lieu thereof as follows:
Sec. 20. AnA be U further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act, the operation of the
following parts of acts or provisions of law now
in force, shall be, and the same are hereby, sus-
pended for the space of two years, to wit: so much
of the act of June 33, 1836, entitled "Jin act to
regulate the deposites of the public monty," as provides
that the notes or bills of any bank which has, since
the 4th July, 183(1, issued any note or bill of a less
denomination than five dollars, shall not be re-
ceived in payment of any debt due to the United
Stales ; and so much of the act entitled "Jin act
making appropriations for the payment of Revolu-
tionary and other pensioners of the United States for
the year 1836," passed 14th April, 183(1, as provides
that no bank note of a less denomination than
twenty dollars shall be offered in payment in any
case whatsoever in which money is lo be paid by
the United States or the Post Office Department.
Mr. GARLAND then proceeded, and addressed
the committee at great length in opposition to the
principle of the proposed measure, and in sup-
port of the State bank system. He first replied to
Mr. CAMBitKt.KNfi, and questioned the conclusions
to which that gentleman hail arrived, especially that
wherein he had affirmed that, while the Indepen-
dent Treasury system was in full force, the pros-
perity of the country was fast returning to its
wonted condition. Mr. G. then went on to reply
to Mr. Pickens, and as.serted that that gentleman
had made a false issue. The contest was not be-
tween the banks and die people, but between the
Government and the banks, the former being in
the situation of die wolf in the fable, which, being
up the stream, quarrelled with the lamb which
was below for muddying the water: the banks
were in the situation of the lamb.
Mr. G. then  wont into a variety of statements
I  and statistical details in .support of the positions as-
|t  sumed by him, and expatiated at great length upon
the evils that he felt would accrue from the adop-
tion of die divorce scheme, which, he contended,
would be the perpetuation of a connection far
more dangerous than had ever grown out of that
of Government with the banks.
I       The House then took its c'aily recess.
EVENING SESSION.
The House met, according to the order, at half
past three o'clock, and went into committee upon the
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
Mr. DROMGOOLE went into an argument at
length in favor of the principles of the bill. He
urged the impropriety of being governed by prece-
dent and usage against the lightV experience, and
in opposition to new convictions of truth and duty,
He then went into an extended examination of the
principles of taxation and expenditure, and re-
viewed with great force the opinions of able politi-
cal economists upon the general subjects of collect-
ing, keeping, and disbursing, the national revenue.
The different arguments upon these topics were
brought to bear favorably upon the principles of
the bill, and were supported by quotations from the
most correct authorities upon subjects of financial
measures.
Mr. S. S. PRENTISS then took the floor, and
suggested that he desired to address the committee.
He said if the committee desired to rise, he would
[   postpone his remarks till to-morrow, but he was
willing to go on, in part, then.
Mr. WISE moved that the committee rise; which
motion was decided in the negative—yeas 62,
nays 65.
Mr. PRENTISS then proceeded to offer some
remarks in opposition to the bill; when, after con-
tinuing some time, he gave way to
Mr. WISE, who again moved that the commit-
tee rise; which motion prevailed.
The committee then rose and reported progress.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
I transmit, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 11th inst, re-
ports from the Secretary of State, Treasury, and
War, and the documents referred to by them res-
pectively. It will be seen that the outrages com-
mitted on the steamboat Sir Robert Peel, under the
British flag, within the waters of the United States,
and upon the steamboat Telegraph, under the
American flag, at Rockville, in Upper Canada,
have not been followed by any demand of either
Government on the other'for redress. These acts
have been so far treated on each side as criminal
offences, committed within the jurisdiction of tri-
bunals competent to inquire into the facts, and to
punish the persons concerned in them. Investiga-
tions have been made, some of the individuals in-
culpated have been arrested, and prosecutions are
in progress, the result of which cannot be doubted.
The excited state of public feeling on the borders
of Canada, on both sides of the line, has occasion-
ed the most painful anxiety to this Government,
i Every effort has been, and will be, made to prevent
the success of ihe design apparently formed, and
in course of execution by Canadians who have
found a refuge within our territory, aided by a
few reckless persons of our own country, to involve
Ihe nation in a war with a neighboring and friend-
ly power. Such design cannot succeed while the
two Governments appreciate, and confidently
rely upon, the good faith of each other in the per-
formance of their respective duties. With a fixed
determination to use all the means in my power to
put a speedy and satisfactory termination to these
border troubles, I have the most confident assu-
rances of the cordial co-operation of the British
authorities, at home and m the North American
possessions, in the accomplishment of a purpose so
sincerely and earnestly desired by the Governments
and people, both of Hie United Stales and Great
Britain.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, June 20,1838.
On motion of Mr. BRONSON, the message and
accompanying reports were refeired  to  the Com-
mittee   on Military Affairs, and ordered  to   be
printed.
Mr. HAMER, by general consent, offered the
following resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims inquire into the expediency of allowing
Richard F. Barrett to perfect by purchase his
claim to fractional section 4, in township 4 north,
.of range 9, west of the 4th principal meridian, m
the State of---------
On motion of Mr. GRENNELL,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wbonesdav, Jane 20, 1838.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented three memorials
from the citizens of Philadelphia and Philadelphia
county, all praying for the immediate passage of
the Independent Treasury bill, and remonstrating
(   against the establishment of a Bank of the United
States: laid on the table.
Mr. WHITE presented the petition of Jacob
Peck and others, praying an alteration in the time
of holding the terms of the Circuit Courts of the
