where, that it came from a quarter whence we had
tio right to expect it.
Mr. NILES replied to Mr. Crittenden wuh
much warmth. Whether this proeeedmg'had been
regular, or irregular and unusual, he would not
undertake to say, but sure he was that the remaras
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] were nnusual, and of a very extraor-
dinary character. He has undertaken to arraign
me, and to pronounce a lecture to me on the course
I ought to pursue towards my constituents He has
thrust himself between me and my constituents,
and undertaken tu mstiuct me 11 my duty to tnem.
I think I know what my duty is, and do not desire
the volunteer aid of any one to enlighten me in it
Mr. N. said he knew both his duty and his rights,
and whilst he should endeavor to discharge the one,
he should take care to cause the other to be íespec'-
ed. An interference ard attack upon him ol this
kind, he could not have expected ftom any quar-
ter; and from none less than from the Senator—he
was about to say his friend—from Kentucky, for,
although differing m politics, he had enler-
tained towards him the most kind ami friendly
feelings. The Senatorspeaks of this proceeding as
very extraordinary, and asks whether any action is
expected upon the paper he (Mr. N.) had read''
He protests agamkt its receiving any sanction from
the Senate, or any authority or additional influence
on account of its having been introduced heie He
cared nothing foi the gentleman's protest, as he
neither asked nor ex peeled any action oí th<- Senate
on (he paper He had introduced it as a íoponse
to the resolution of the Legislature of his Slate,
which he had presenied and as containing au ex-
planation of the views ot his colleague and himself
on that subject, it was read as a pin of his
(Mr. NS) speech, and m that light was before ihe
Señale, but in no other It was perftctly compe-
tent foi him to piesent h>s views in rcgaid to the
resolution he had offered, as he saw fit, in <i speech,
or a written response, which he had a nsht to make
a part of his speech. Tins he had done, and he
beheved there was nothing extraordinary or unu-
sual in it. If there was, the Senator should have
called him to order, not attempt to arraign his con-
duct, and read hira a lecture. For his conduct
hero he was accountable to his constituents and the
country, and to this body, so far as respects an ob-
servance of its rules but he was not accountable
to any individual member
Mr tí said he liad no pelt} ambition, as the Se-
nator intimated, <f seeking a quarrel with the f.i-
gislature oi his State His pmposp was very dif-
ferent, and of a much muie exalted chatactet In
a certain contingency, a high and lesponsible duty
would devolve upon him in which not only his
own State, but the whole countiy, wcie mteiested
In indicating the course he lelt it a duly to pur-
sue, he desired to present the considerations by
which he had been governed. This «a1? not a
question between him and the Legislating of his
Sta'e, so far as any such had existed it was dis-
posed of, and he had no complaints ((> make, and
nothing to say on that pomt He was sin prised
at the allusions ot the Senator to it, Insumirles
were, it appeared to him, meoin sient with iliov.
liberal feelings which he believed the Senatoi 10
possess. He [Mr. N.] atlre i no sympathy or in-
dulgence from any ont, on account ot his situa
tion. Noi did he think his conduct authorized the
remark, that he was restive and uneasy under the
decision of the Legislature of his St-Ue, ot that
feelings springing from that decision had inHusnced
his present couise. He had made no complaints,
and, so far as respects himself, was qvule indiffe-
rent on the subject There had been instances ot
public men who had pursued a very different
course. There is one very conspicuous one with
which the Senator must be very familiar He al-
luded to a distinguished statesman, who, when
struck down by public opinion, and duven fiom
his post, retired pouring out executions upon his
countrymen, and declaring the elevation of his
rival, whom he denounced as a "military chief-
tain," as more to be dreaded than "wai, pesti-
lence, or famine." This was a case which would
have justified the Senator's rebuke
But the Senator had charged him with renounc-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mg the good old Democratic Jeffersonian doctrine I
of instruction. He denied this he had renounced
no doctnne he ever professed, he had endeavored
to explain his understanding of the doctrine; to
what extent it was sound, and beyond what point
it became unsound and impracticable. In respect
to the doclnne itself, and the principle on winch
it rests, the opinions now expressed were not new,
they had been long entertained, but as regards the
utility and practical application of the doc-
trine, he freely admitted that his mind had
undergone a change. Sir, if this doctrine ever
possessed any piactical efficacy, the Senator's
political friends have destroyed it. They have
not only disavowed it, and disregarded it, but
they have attempted to use it as a po-
litical engine against their opponents. Whilst
denying the principle, and disregarding it them-
selves, they have ailempted to use it as an in-
strument against Senators opposed to them. This
has rendered it little more than a mere farce, and
done much to bring ridicule and contempt upon the
doctrine itself He had endeavored to rescue it
from this reproach, by attempting to prove that in-
structions could have no binding force, coming
from a Legislature which denied the light to in-
struct For some years past, wc have all seen what
use has been made of this doctrine by the Federal
or Whig party in most of the States He had given
a histoiy of it in his own State His friend from
New Jersey, [Mr Wall,] m his able speech, has
informed us what the Federal doctrine of instruc-
tion lias been in that State. We have seen what it
i-, in Ohio and Pennsylvania, and in other States
It is every where the same—a mere instrument of
patty waifare. We have seen a resolution from
Penns\lvania, directing the Senator^ to vote against
the Siib-Tr^asmy bill, and at the same time in-
ducting them to vole to sepárale Ihe public re-
venhes lrum the banks, a resolution earned by the
vole of a member who admitted that he acted under
threats from <i bank. What respect was due to
such instructions was for the Senators from that
State to decide, and one of them [Mr Buumn\n]
has suffered his vote to be controlled by 11 He has
acted according to his sense of duty, of which Mr
N did not complain, yet he was free to say that he
should not have felt himself bound by such a pro-
u-eding.
Mi N said thit he respected tht doctrine of m-
stiuuioii as an evidence, and ihe highest evidence,
of ihe popular will, but not a conclusive evidence,
and Ik could not leg ml it, in any case, as possess-
ing the authority of law, as that was inconsistent
with ihe Constitution, and although he did not
admit ihe right of ihe Legislature to foice a Sena-
tor to resign, yet lit had such deference for the po-
pulai will that he would not hold a seat here if he
could not rcpiestnt the opinions, as well as the in-
terest, of a majority of his conilituems He spoke
of the stilled and abiding opinions, not of those
which may he the lesult of a temporaiy excite-
niGnt, and extraordinary efiorts to alarm and mis-
lead the public mind
Mi N said that this Fedeial doctrine of instruc-
tion was a ver> curious thing, and very much of a
ont-sided principle. When they were a majority,
and wished to use ¡t, it was a sound and excellent
pnncip'e, but when they were a minority, and it
was applied to them, it was a false, absurd, and
odious doctrine It was very much like their
"spoil*" doctrine. When they were in a minority,
removals from office were denounced as "pro-
scription for opinion's sake," as the most wicked
and abominable piactice which ever prevailed in a
civili/id countrj, but the moment they are a ma-
joiiiy, it becomes a sound doctrine, a most conser-
vative principle And such is their regard for it,
that they always carry u out vastly farther than
any examples on the other stde, which they have
so pointedly condemned He had recently seen,
m his own State, an instance of carrying this prm-
ciple to an extreme point, it had been carried be-
yond the living, and, to an extent, to invade the
rights of the dead. In one of our principal towns,
the driver of the hem se has been removed for voting
against the Whig ticket, so that it is now well set-
tled that no man can be buried except by a good,
Whig    Hereafter we shall not only be required to
471
1 '     -.....■—........■• ■      —-*
live according to Whig doctrines, but to die and
be buried under their mild influence He hid ne-
ver complained of removals, whether in a majority
or a minority, but really thought it wis going a
little too far, when an event, which levels all earth-
ly distinctions, is made subservient to party domi-
nation and party strife.
But said Mr. N the Senator charges me with
having made severe reflections upon the Legisla-
ture of my State, and of alluding to the improper
use of money in the late election. He would not
object to the too Senators from Kentucky, volun-
teering their services in taking care of the interests
of Connecticut. They could, no doubt, represent
the State more ably than his colleague and myself,
one of them also has undoubtedly a much greater
stake in its politics, than either himself in ins col-
league, and as they were gradually sliding into
their seats, parhaps it might be as well for them to
go home, and leave the State in the hands of the
Kentucky Senators, who would no doubt more ab y
represent it, and especially the Whig cause. But
as his term was short, he thought he had perhaps
better hold on, and try to represent at least a part
of the State, leaving it for the gentlemen from Ken-
tucky to supply all deficiencies
Mr N said, in reply to ihe remark of the Sena-
tor, [Mr. Crittenden,] that what he had written
in the paper he had read, or what he had said of the
proceedings of the Legislature, was done advisedly
and deliberately, and he expected to abide by it,
both here and elsewhere. He had given the facts—
a true account of the proceedings—with such com-
ments upon them as he Ihought they deserved, so
far as was necessary to his present purpose. Further
than this, he had not gone. Having given the pro-
ceedings truly, all could judge whether his remarks
upon them were borne out. If he had spoke of t e
proceeding as dishonorable or dishonest, it was
because he so regarded it If this was a reflection
upon the State, neither the blame nor the responsi-
bility rested upon him, but upon those weak or dis-
honest agents who had attempted to entrap hims"lt
and lus colleague by cunning and tricktry, through
the forms of legislation, and it had since been a
subject of boast and triumph in their papers He
believed he knew what was due to the character of
his State, and did not think it could be benefitted
by any attempts to justify or defend such proceed-
ings.
The Senator was mistaken, however, in suppos-
ing he had said that money had been used to carry
lh late election. He had said nothing w regaid to
the election, either in the paper he had read, or in
his remarks. His allusion to the use of money was
not in leference to the election, but in regard to the
exertions which had been made to enlighten the
people on the subject of the financial questions be-
fore the country. It did not fall within his purpose
to speak of the election, if it had, heshould not have
hesitated to have said that money had been raised
and used to an extent, and for purposes, never be-
fore witnessed in ihe State, and which he hoped ne-
ver would be again. But his allusion to money
had reference to the pams which have been taken
to inform, or, as he considered it, to mislead the
people in relation to the currency question. The
exei aons in that behalf had been great, both in tbe
State and out of it No efforts and no expense
appear to have been «pared.
It was true, as stated by his colleague, that po-
litical missionaries visited the State last fa1!, one of
whom was from Kentucky They iraielled
through the State, and attended large political
meetings, called for the purpose, at which they ha-
rangued the people in the usual Whig style of de-
nunciation, common-place abire, and parti slang
During the present session, one or more m ss10na-
nes have visited this city, to make arrangements
for having the State well supplied with speeches of
members of Congress Whatever may have been
the case of the fiist, the last mission was atfmded
with wonderful success The State was literally
plastered over with speeches, like the land oí
Egypt with frogs The franks of some Sena'ors
whom he could name, must be as familiar with the
people as household words. The S nai02 from
Massachusetts, whom he did not see in his píate,
[Mr. Webster,] the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
