COHGBESSÍONAL G3L0B&
4t?
¡¿ÜÜ=
propositions that had no possible connection with
t them If this gentleman, Mr. Blair, had been ín-
| jiued, let him be redressed; if he, or any of the
Heads oi the Departments, or any of the officers of
the Government, or members oi that House, had
Iv-en guilty of impropriety, let them be all exposed.
To test the sense of the House, he moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MITCHELL moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. BOON called for the yeas aad nays, which,
being ordeted, were—yeas 47, nays 129, as
fohows.
YCAa—"\Ie« rs Alexander, John W Allen, Aycriga Bell,
rinden, J rubooi),Wm B Campbell,Carter, Clark, Corwin,
fiansun, 1> ivies, Dermis, Dunn, Etfm?, Hateiead, Harlan,
H iwes, He-oJ, Jenifer, Lincoln Mallory, James M Mason,
M 1'iiy, M itqan, Mitchell, Calviuy Morris, Naylor. Ogle, Pal-
tei-oii, Pope tserge-mt S Picntias, ItmiMph, Ridgway, tRus.
-el, Svi^oiiit, (charles feheptrd, Shields, áiblcy, Southecate,
« latton Albeit 1 Wlme, John White. Christopher H Wil-
h m" W isc, and Word—47
¡sAY-i—"tfessis Aduna, A.ndeison, Andrew , Atheiton,
E-inks beauy, Ban na, Bicknelt, Biddls, Ilirdsall, Bond, Boon,
Uouldin, línea , Brodtie-id, Buchanan, Bynum, William ti
tijhtuu Cinibie'eiij, John Campbell, Casey, Chaney, Chap
mm, futa un Coleí Cmmni, Ciary, Crockett, Cuahmg
t ushman, Diivoon I>m,c Deborry, DeOiafT, Dromgoolo,
Dunoin, CUvu Is Elmoie, r<ulínaton, Fairfield B Fletcher,
1 mi Til ch i, Pi tmore, Fo-or, Try Gallup, James Garluvi,
tí'i i. lek, <iu- U Jiu s Gnham, Grnntland, (Travel, Gray,
(.ilíli 'flmmond, liamci, lUmson, Hawkim, Haynes, Ilofr
mm, Holt, Hon ml, Bublev, William II Hunter, Thomas B
Iirkioii Hit vv Johnson Joseph Jolnwin, Isiuhaiiiel Jones,
J i'ii W J me , Kum, Kombla, K nncilv Riltroir, Loiaii,
I\on, Sam-on M—on, Martin, McKiy, iio'iert MiCltlUn,
V .alnm jMcUIlIUii, MclCninan, Mucer, Miller, Morgan,
t-inuel W Mouis, Noble, Noye«, Owens, Panni liter Pama,
Ptyntct, I'tatcf, Poitnyb.ie.ici, Po'nkin, Phelps, Phillips
1' unioi, P liter, lo'ln II Print™, Rundan Roily, Ilonchci,
It li-uU-on, iíncíi, John RoU tbon, Iktward Robinson, Saw
yit, bl ller, Viuifitnt* It *- j peril Sheptot, fcnydt t, Spen
el r S'tnly, Moia, Tayloi, I! iin ii, Titus Poticey, Turney,
timtutwiDil, Viiij Vitnititcer, Wa^omn Weeks, Uivh W il
It mi ,<!lp.iod W Ihaitn, ItHV William , Jo-cph h Wll
litn- W mini   on.iiid V..I     I-"!
The House ihen stcoudid the previous question,
Sit") 8!, and ott ordcrma the main question.
Mi. BIUGGS called (or the yeas and nays,
which were gianted, and were—yeas 93, nays 92,
as follows.
\ V i8 -Símsre J VY Allen, Andraon, Andrews, Athonon,
¡! ink-, (ta iiiy, Boirna, Blokncl), Budsall, Boon, JBouldln,
ttrolliead, Bronsin, Buchtwu , Byrttmi, Cainbreleiig, Pasty,
( lime?, Utmnittn, Coios, Connor, C'r&ry, Cushman, Ravn-,
D i.iitf, Drim-ioaift Dtmran, Edwards, Farrmgton, F&trtehl,
I -> F.eielier, Vomer, Fry, Gallup, Gloswck, Grantltmil,
(. y, Ilahy, Ilammnriii, Hiuner, llawktn , Ilayhea, Holt,
.'ii. ,ml, Hubtoy, WV'iam H Iltinter, tliemas B Jackson,
\ un nhl .íohm, Jiihn W .Tono«, Keim, Kftmble 1 of an,
li n .fafti! M Maion, Mitrtln, Mt.Kjy, Uobett McClulian,
i hiihiin il t hi ti, MiCluu , Mlllm, Moii«an, Samufl W
Moi V til Í) n- Pitlm t Parrtt inter, Purrtw Payntei, Pen
t   ¡n 1 'r P i !) -i Plnii      Potur, I II Pitnttiis, Ucily, Kti-hard.
i Riv ^ lía * a plor, Mtvilot, ftptncot Ittylor, Ihoma ,
li u , I y, I tin t v, Null Vanileivi-et, WaKini-i, Wehalct,
\> 11     In      V.  Williams, Wiiitliineitimanil Ynll, -'U
XVVis—hi— h Ailim , Alexander, Ileman Allon, AyciifK,
H  >    I) Ull ,  Il'tid, Borden,   Uuggi,   Wiliura   I!  (..jlhoiin,
I   in t «Hi ion, William II Cimpboll Cartel, < hamtwri,
( a Hhivm, Cwnston Ciockott, Cunhliig, Dawtwn, Daviei,
I) Pity, I>nis IJnnn, Evoiett, Kwing, Fillrooro, Uico
( ii nuil, Ooixl , hum Oraham, William Oiaham, Órnve ,
ftill    IliNtul,  fltiiian, llarimr,  Iiawe«, Iloiod,  Ifopklm,
II  i>nri  M    f   H i •of. Jonifer, Homy JolmaOn, Kennody,
I    i In, 'Síuítii Hamsoti Mason. Maory, Mivy, Moxwiill,
M Kuinnn, Mmelie, Mucei, Milium, Mltehoil, Oilvaiy
M uii«, Navlor, hnyi-i, Qk]p Patterson, Piiarro, Peck, Phil
li,i- Po, , Pott  ^erüvtni t Pieniiw, Ratiden, Umdnlpli,
tvti d, Iti-noher, Railway   Pdwn 1 R ibmson, Itumsiy   Itiiii
i li ^iwyti, SWiieant, Aitiiistitio H Slionpenl, (. harlen
-, i ,i it I - not 1, .- h (V, Soiithcoti', "Muty, tstone, Htralton,
Í .¡nil, tin I rvMix! Afhert &5 Wlttt*, John White, íouifl
\V llnm«, Hienotl WilliaitM Joseph L Willmms, Christopher
II   Wt han , v\ n 1 ami Votk.—82
The ongiiial resoluUüti wa¡  thoa agreed to with-
out a divuion.
Mt. BIltGGS moved, at ihe suggestion of Mr.
C íMBKi.LffTvCi, that allcrthe recess, the House go in-
to Committee ol the Whole on the Indepeadenl
Tteasnry bill, «Such was agreed to.
Otmo'ton if Mr   FLETCHER,
Jiu! ' -J, That the Committee on Commerce be
in truot ii I > i  |n re into the necessity of amend-
ngthclats o pievent frauds oa the revenue in
l e tn'ry ot fcteds M the custom houses.
On room tí of Mr  BRIGGS,
Ilesohed, T, .1 the Committee on Patents be in-
s'ructed to mquiie into the expediency of altering
the law m reiaUon lo appeals trom the decisions of
the Cftamiwoner on Palents.
Mr. INGHAM offered the following; resolution,
which was read, and disagreed to:
Ilesohed, That Friday next, from and after the
hour of ten o'clocic in the morning be, assigned for
the consideration, w  preference to any other busi-
ness, of such bills as have been, or may be, report-
ed by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RANDOLPH offered the following resolu-
tion, which was read, and disagreed to-
Resolved, That the Committee on Pttbhe Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
granting a township of land to each of the two col-
leges m the State of N> w Jersey.
On motion of Mr MERCER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals be insttucted to inquire into the expediency of
causing a survey to be made of the nver Potomac,
from the Navy Yaid, on the Eastern branch, in the
District of Columbia, to the mouth of ?atd river,
with a view to the removal of the obstructions in
the navigation thereof by vessels of great draft, and
that the survev made under the direction of the De-
partment ot War, of the James nver, in Vngtrna,
with a view to the improvement of the navigation
thereof, be committed to the said conimi'tee, wnh
an instruction to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropikition theief'T.
On motion of Mr MALLORY,
Resolved, That the claim of Joseph Young for
pioperty lost in the late war, be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
On motion of Mr WILLIAMS of North Ca-
rolina,
Jtesohtd, Thai Ihe Secretary of War bo directed
to lay belore this House the correspondence be-
tween that Department and Major Geneial Win-
field Scott, in relation to the removal of the Choro-
kve Indians west of ihe Mississippi, which has not
already been commumcalpd.
On motion ol Mi RENCHER,
Resolved, That the Secretary ol the Treasury be
direced  to  lay   belore this House a  statement
showing the amount of  evpenditmes, esclu-ivp of
the public debt, lor each year from  1824 to 1838
On motion ol Mi   OEBKRRY,
Resolved, That five thousand additional aopies of
the  repoit  And documents of the Committee on
Agriculture, on the cultivation oí the mulberty antl
the sugar beet, be printed lor ihe use ol the House
Mr. LEGARE ottered the following joint re-o!u-
tion, which was considered and sgrceti to
Resalvtd, That a joint committee of five be ap-
pointed, to take into consideíatioii, and repoit at
the next session ot Cimgrt-s, i pon the expediency
ol 4o taking the next census, as to citable und re-
quire the commissioners  to he app <mtcd for that
purpose to make as complete collection as possible
of statistical details in relation to the agriculture,
commerce, and mainifactuies ol the country, and
ol all its other rpsomces and productive powers
On motion of Mr HARLAN,
Rcohel, That the Committee oulm'un Affaus
inquire into the expediency ol  pioviding, by law,
the  cornpnsaiion to he   allowed  to all  per-i ns
engaged as commissioners 'or making Indttn trea-
ties, as agents for supetintending ihe removal <f
Indians', and lot all other sen ices perfoimed,undei
the diiections ollhe Secretary of War, m the In-
dian Baicau, not already provided foi by law
On motion of Mr liNDERWOOD,
litsolcid", That the Seuetary of the Tieasuiy be
directed to infoiut tins Hon e «hat kind of Hinds
«ere furm-licd pins on agents m the tíiate of Ar
Kansas, with which to pay the claims of pension-
eivlptm„uishui-í between lhe amounts furnished
in specie and bank notes, and where bank no'es
weie fumt-hed, stating the different banks, as lar
as practicable, which issued the notes so furnished,
and the amounts on each bank
Mr MENIFEE offered the following resolution,
wh'ch was lead-
Resolved b i the Senate and, House of Rtpn¡entuttic*
of Ike United Sí«.'í< of .Imtiica m Circles a «tm-
itmbUd, That m complane" wit  the joint «solu-
tions of the Legi-la ure of Iventuckj ol lYiruary
16th, 1838, the President of the Un,led States be,
and he is herebj, directed to cause proper exarm-
n-t.ons to be made, by competent oiheers, of the
town of Greenupsburg, and of the most important
locks and dams now being erected on the Kentucky,
L-ckmg, and Green, rivers, with a view to the
selection of a site for Ihe contemplated National
Foundry on the Western waters; the location of
which is haeby postponed until said examinations
shall have been made.
Mr. PETR1KIN moved to amend the resolution
by adding at the end the following-
"Also, to examine tne waters ot the Susquehan-
nah nver for the like purpose.
Mr. MENIFEE asked the gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania to make his motion more definite, and
confine the survey to some particular point on that
river.
Mr. PETIKIN said it was his purpose to have a
general survey of that ri\er, and he could not con-
sent to modify his amendment to meet the wishes
of the gentleman.
The House then took its usual recess till half
p«st 3 oVlock.
FVLN1NQ SfSSIOV.
The House convened at htlf-past three o'elopk,
and went into Corrnnnee of the Whole, Mr.
Comnor in the ch ur, on the
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
The q it'ition pending beinc on the motion of
Mr. Garlami of Yugmia, to strike out the enact-
ing clau-e,
Mr RHHTT, who wis enittled to the flooi,
al bested llie coaum lee a. le ig li ín-uppoit oí the
bill
The question was then taken, and the vote was,
ajes 92, noe* 86.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee then rose and reported the bill, striking out
the enacting clause.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky they rose, and
satd he thought this bill had been discussed long
enough, and in order, thetefoie, to bring the House
to a vote, whether ihi- bill ..hould be rejected or
not, he demanded the previous question.
Mr WISE moved a call of the House, wheh
wis ordered, and proceeded in.
The following gentlemen were excused on ac-
count of ill health
Mi  BRUYN, on motion of Mr. GR\Y
Mr COFFIN, on motion of Mr. E. WH1T-
TLESP.Y
Mr  CURTIS, on motion of Mi  TILLMORE.
Mi LOOMI,-., en motion of Mr. BIRDS ALL
Mr MURRAY, on motion of Mi. E.OUTH-
G\TC
The Hoife lefnsed to excuse Mr. JACKSON of
Geo pía, Mr GRANTLAND having made an
ineffectual motion to that effect
The Cllrk was then directed to make out a list
of the absentees, and furnish to the officeis, n
oulei to notify the absent members at their lodgings.
Several g tiemcn suggested that those membeis in
attendance, in the galln,es and lobbies be permitled
to en'cr, but i thcrs other- objecting, the Chair said
il could only 1 e done bv Mi-urn .ous consent Pend-
ing this st-ige, however, the off cms let all in who
weie al the door- on the ir own respoi sib lity, whose
names were ailerwards disclosed, and among them
it ere some of ihose who had been excused.
The only i i-mbcrs tben absent weie the follow-
ins M -rs BRUYN, CARTEii, JACKSON of
Georgia, MORGAN, OGLE, and MURRAY.
Mr, WILLIAMS of Kentucky moved to dis-
pense further with the ca1'
Mr CONNOR asked lor the jeas and nays,
which bemeoidered
Mi   WILLIAMS wniiilrew his motion; and
M'   CHILDSienewcdit   as did
Mr CONiNOR the call to, the yeas and nays;
which v. ce again ordered
At this slage, Mr MURRAY and Mr MOR-
GAN came into ihe hall, leaving lh«n bat four
ablentes.
The House dispensed with the call—yeas 117,
nays 104
U this stage Mi CARTFR and Mr OGLE
appeared, the only absentees being Mr BRUYN
and Mr JABEZ JACKSON.
The question then recurred upon the demand for
the previous question, when
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina appealed to
the mover to withdiaw it, and permit the question
to be taken on the distinct propositions.
Mr. WILLIAMS declined.
The previous question was then seconded by
