lfc
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I?ee, 1Q5?.
25th Cong'-'S^d Sbss.      Suppression of small notes in this District—Mr. Morris, Preston, Brown.
Senate.
distinctly understood that the remarks of that Sena-
tor could not apply to him. So far from being fa-
vorable to "shm-plasters," to corporation and indi-
vidual rags for money, his objection to the notes of
the State incorporated banks had always been that
even they were too local in their character to answer
the purposes of a general and extended circulating
medium. He had, ever since he had been a pub-
lic man, contended for, and still insisted on, a
sound mixed currency—specie and local bank pa-
per, redeemable at the will of the holder in specie,
as a local medium, and a national paper currency,
redeemable on demand and convertible into «¡pecie
at the will of the holder, of universal credit and
circulation, equally current from Maine to Geor-
gia, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, as a national
or general medium of circulation. Sir, (said Mr.
S.) the charge, as he had heretofore understood it,
was, that the party to which he belenged favored a
great monopphzing institution, sufficient in power
to annihilate all the local issues. Now, it seems
the charge is to be, that it is not a "national bank
party," but a "shm-plaster party." Sir, (said Mr
S.) his first impression of this matter was, that
these shm-plasters were a mere excrescence, a fun-
gus, growing out of a vicious state of the cunencj,
and he still believed that, whenever the banks shall
resume specie payments, public opinion will
greatly lessen the evil, yet the facts admitted by
all, that the same cause does not produce the -same
effect at other places, was very conclusive to his
mind that these small notes were issued mare for
private gain than lor the accommodation of the
public He could not, therefore, come to the con-
clusion that the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Clay)
did, that the suppxession of these bills, before theie
was a surrounding resumption of specie payments
by the banks, would operate oppressively to the
poor, the market people, and others transacting the
small concerns of the city. He (Mr. S.) was of
the opinion that the result would prove other-
wise, and that those were the very persons most
likely to be benefited by the suppression of these
bills, because they are the most likely to be im-
posed upon by them. Under the impression that
the measure will prove a salutary one, that it will
rid the District of its vinous circulating medium,
that the vacuum will be filled by specie small
change, much to the public credit, and beneficial to
the people here. He should support the measure, if
the amendment should be adopted, without at this
time inquiring into the question how the course of
policy heretofore pursued had contributed to pra-
duce this state of things, or what party did or did
not support the bill.
Mr. MORRIS again remarked on the great am-
biguity or want of clearness in the bill, doubting
whether he understood it as it was intended, but if
he did, he should vote against it. It authorized the
prosecutor, as he thought to retain the note which
had been passed to him, to fecover its value, fifty
per cent damages, and half the fine, and then to
present the note u«elf for redemption He com-
mented on other features of the bill, which he
thought highly exceptionable.
Mr. PRESTON thought there was much in the
views expressed by Mr Morris The bill ap-
peared íuartificially framed to meet the cases pro-
posed Usually special provisions were made for
the punishment of slaves, which were not here to
be found. He thought, from the too great neglect
of attention to the concerns of the District, the Se-
nate ought to recoil from passing any severe mea-
sure not recommended by the District Committee
He concurred with Mr. Morris, that a great over-
sight had been committed, in overlooking slaves,
by whom a great portion of these small notes were
and would be passed. He insisted that all sta-
tutes creating new crimes, as this did, ought to be
very perspicuous, a point in which this bill was
particularly defective. He characterized as tyran-
nical the summary process proposed, of dragging
the accused at once before a tribunal, and com-
pelling him to criminat  himself, on oath, in vio-
lation, in two respects, of the letter and spirit of
the common law. He censured, with much seve-
nty, the jractjc? of .making the District a kind of
«njabjf p whicji to S3aIie expenrpents, whieh the
expei ímenters had not the power to carry in their
own States.
If (said Mr P ) Maryland of Virginia tolerate
these notes, shall it be said that on one side of a
line the law permits a thing which on the other side
is a crime' Shall they who cross the line liom
such neighboring States, on entering the Dis-
trict, be obliged to change their mone)l It appeared
to him that the Committee on finance had not
shown itself competent, and was not competent, to
legislate exclusively in such a matter lor ihis Dis-
trict. Mr. P then deprecated the principle esta-
blished in the bill, by which any individual might
be dragged before a magistrate and compelled to
swear to his own commission of the new-invented
crime of this bill. Here is sown a crop—of oaths,
and the harvest will necessarily be a plentiful
ciop—of perjury. It was a trap and a snare lead-
ing to perjury. The Finance Committee, Mr. P
said, had entered upon a series of wild and fan-
tastical experiments. Their experiments had re-
sulted in the flood of such papei as this. Such is
the iecult, and what, he would ask, is the n.imial
remedy ? Is it not to remove the ca ise which h is
produced these fatal results to the country ? But
no, they continue their projects, and come hi re
into the Distuct to create crimes against then mis-
shapen theories, and to set up a new set of penal-
ties for the contempt which has fallen upon their
abortive expenments Their miserable new system
of finance is to be enforced by a new system of
pams and penalties, by a soit of revolutionary
tribunal having summary and instantaneous power
over the property of citi/ens—it might be to the
amount of every cent of thetr property. It appeared
to Mr. P. that the Committee on the District
ought at least to have been consulted he thc.cfoie
moved that this bill be recommitted, for better
consideration, to that committee.
Mr. BROWN, m reply to the reproach of pro-
jects and experiments, said, that therp was a grand
project on foot to perpetuate the paper system an I
to prevent the íemmption of specie paymen s. As
to the promotion of perjury, such an argument, if
valid, would justify all crimes, arson, burglai,, & <
must be tolerated, foi fear of reaping a crop u pci -
juries, if this crime is tobe tolerated on thatgiound
North Carolina is now enjoying a general spe< le
circulation, obtained by a law similar to th s It
is time, slid Mr II for the "ongiess of the Uni'ed
States to set an example, and il the States do not
choose to follow, let them sutler the inconveniences
of the paper system.
Mr. WRIGHT did not rise to debate the bill at
this late hour, he would, however, give a simple
histoiy of its origin, and would show who were its
authors, and how far the Committee on Finance
had gone out of the way in this matter, as had been
rather unkindly alleged by the Senator from South
Carolina
[Mr Preston mtei posed He had made no such
allegation Mr. P had said the bill was bej-ond
the province or out of the -nay of the Committee on
Finance ]
Mr. W continued by observing, that by a reso-
lution of the Senate the committee had been autho-
rized to consider this subject, it was by the express
order of the Senate that they had gone out of their
way, if indeed they had done so, as had been al-
leged. The bill originated in this manner, and,
after undergoing several amendments, was passed
last session. Mr W understood Mr P to say,
rather unkindly, that the committee had gone out
of their way It was the study of his legislative
life never to impute improper actions to any mem-
ber of the Senate, he might, peihaps, have misun-
derstood the honorable Senator Mr W deriel
that any disappointed feelings brought from New
York had in any manner influenced him in the se-
venty of this measure He understood Mr P. to
say that the wild and chimerical measures of the
committee had produced this sKtc of things in the
country. If Mr. P would refect he must satisfy
himself that this was an ungiounded eh-nre No
law presented by the committee had been passed, at
all affecting the currency He knew of no other
than one bill, and that one proposed only, which
never was passed; this surely had not affected the
currency'   He considered rather that Mr. P. him-
self had gone a little too far out of his way in al-
leging that the committee had been enlisted m ultra
notions, not cons.denng that those notions, what-
ever they might be, had never become the law of
the land.
Mr. W. had no particular attachment to any
feature of this bill he was quite willing to receive
some of the amendments proposed, but as the
Senate had once solemnly passed this very same
bill, he did not think himself entitled to proposs
any different one than this, to «Inch it had already
given its assent.
Mr. PRESTON said he íegarded the committee
as the exponent of the will of the Executive. How
it had responded to all the sentiments and fantastic
chimeras of the Executive, was well known to
eveiybody. It had reflected back all the projects
of the Executive, and he therefore held the com-
mittee itself to be tesponsible. The committee had
exhibited its servile adherence to the war against
banks and paper and crtdit. It is the knowledge
that this spirit exists in the Executive, and is re-
sponded to by the stienge t party here, which pros-
trates toe ciedjt of the country at this present mo-
ment WUv is the silver locked up? Why can
the people not get a quarter-dollar in change? Is it
not because the country knows too well that the
Executive and his supporters on this floor are
struggling by spasmodic efforts to force their glo-
rified specie currency and hard-money schemes
upon the country? forcing up the price of specie,
and effectually driving it out of eirculation, by
foicing the people to buy up, as a dear commodity,
that which before was m common circulation as a
currency, and would be so now, but for the mea-
sures of the Administration, servilely copied and
jespondtd to by the Committee on Finance.
Let the committee dip the statute book in blood,
<u\d press t ii it pams and pen M íes upon the couu-
Uv , but did tiny imagine that bj so doing thev
could i< Uoie a si und current.}, and íe-eslabhsh, b/
measuus of folic, tint \ Inch they hid disturbed
and rmntd by measuics of full) ? He repeated
that the eommut*e urn out of its «ay, for it was
not pioperly a committee of general cunency The
Govfinm at proposes to have nothing to do with
the currenoj, (.liter having done so much and so
fatally ,) v.e¡y> then, does it now meddle by its Com-
mittee on Finance'' Nothing which he (Mr P)
had heaid had changed his views of thepropii ty
ol recommitting the bill he would therefore press
h s motion to that effect.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said it struck him that
the reference to the Committee for the District
would be proper. There were many facts and
laws to be inquired into which they ought first to
asotrinn befoie passing an act of such a sweeping
and general effect. There were people of business,
meiiliants, mechanic , bankers, and others, whose
opinions and view  ought to be known and under-
stood, if it was desued to pass a law of such ím-
p< nance in a proper manner I. peeially it ought
to be jnqniicd into and ascertained whether (sup-
posing no lesmnplion of  peoe pajments «hou'd
fust nki p'ace oui ol ire District) the banks im the
District uoull b> ib'p, alone and isolated, to re-
sume? If ought fust to be ascertained uhethei
there could be tlip neessary circula ion for neces-
sary purposes, under existing circumstances, with-
out the use of this kind of paper, or without the
substitution ol any thing in us place ? It ought to
be known and ascertained whether, if you put
dow n tho District paper, other paper of the same
description will not, by unavoidable necessity,
come into the District from other place', and circu-
late mciead of tne paper vou have put down ? It
out,lit to be inquiied if it is possible for this Dislnc t
t) sti nd alone, an isolated sohtaiy spot, and main-
tain ein exclusive specie cui rency, when sucha
currency ex sts no where else? Surely this possi-
bility ought first to be inquired into. And it ap-
peared to Mr Clay that, since there existed a
Committee for the District, for the especial const
derat on of things relating to the District, the Com-
mittee on Finance was not so competent as that
committee to en'er into these inquiries, and to do
the subject that justice which it surely required.
Mr. C. would ask whether, under the general
term "individuáis," as employed ta the billj slan*
