SÓ
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ian, 1881
25th Cono-•••2nd Sess.
Mr. Calhoun's Resolutions—Mr. Lumpkin, Ruggles, Buchanan.
-Senafe,
made, after another and more solemn demand, pro-
viding foi the convening of the People of Georgia,
in their high sovereign capacity, as a membei cf
the Union, to take the subject mto their corsidera-
tion All who know that State, know that when
she moves she intends no idl  menace
Wiih fíese views and facts, I leave it now to the
Senate to decide whether the time his not arrived
when they ought to say what attitude they ought to
assume in relation to this, the most momentous
and dangerous question that his ever agitated this
Union As to himself, he has done his duty He
has raided his warning voice, regardless of the un-
worthy imputations to wmch he knows he exposes
himself He has presented the result of his most
mature and deliberate reflection, in order, if possi-
ble, to prevent the conflict between the two great
sections, which any one capable of reflection must
see is approaching, and must take place, if not
arrested He has done Irs du'y L°t what may
come, he wishes to free himself from all responsi-
bility m the eyes of the country and the world, and
of the present and future generations He was
not sangune, he mu t s v, of the success of the
measure, ev i if it sj uid be adopted. He had
pitsente lil^t en * iAc y to do good, andm the
desire to do any thiny that promised 11 the least to
a\ert the approaching catastrophe, which he was
most anxious to avoid Should the mot on prevail,
he would take no further control or responsibility,
which would then, of course, lest on those it no
may take the resolutions into their own hands
Mr NORVELL said, that it had not been his
habit to introduce personalities into tins Ha'l It
was not a body in which it was propyl to indulge
m such feelings "When, jestenlay, he had p o-
pounded to the Chair the question, wheihei it
would be m oid^i 11 move th' indefinite postpone-
ment of the amen Iment, submitted by the S nator
from Indiana, (Mr Smith,1 he considered himself
tobe pursuing a per"ectly parliamentary course
The Senator was undoubtedly m order wheu he
offered the amendment, and fee was equally in or-
der in propounding the inquiry, which 1 c had put to
the Chair there was no discourtesy m u He had
considered the amendment as a.tiap, m which to
catch the friends of the resoluticn of nie honora-
ble Senator from South Carolina He had the-c-
fore, desired to get rid of it, as an ur-levant pro-
position He di! not view the vote ol the Senatoi
from Indiana to print whit he had been pleased to
call his minatnre resolutions, as any act of courtesy
on his par It was a matter of light that the Se
nate should or i r f>em to be punted. If his reso-
lutions had Lot come up to the calibre of that Se-
nator's great mind, he must seek consolation, un-
der such a misfortune, in. the approbation n mcii
they had received from much abler and much
better men.
Mr SMITH, of Indiana, said he did not use to
continue the debate at large, but merely to answer
the Senator from South Carolina (Mr Calhoun) oi
a single point, and to say a word to the Sena-
tor from Mich gan, (Mr Norvell) As he under-
stood the Senator from South Carolina, that Sena-
tor had said that he (Mr S ) had done him mjjs
tice, in «ayuig that the resolnt ons of the Senate-
contemplated the extension of the principles and
boundary of slavery Mr Smith sad, if he wis
m error m that respect, which he did not admit, he
had been led into the eiror by the last resolution of
that Serator
[Mr Smith was about to read the resolution,
when Mr Calhoun arose and said that he had
made no charge against the Senator from Indiana,
h * dwlaimed any thins of the kind, and he hoped
his ch iracter would be'sufficient to satisfy the Se-
nator on that point ]
Mr Smith said that the remarks of the Senator
were entirely satisfactory to him, and he had no re-
marks further to make to him. Mr S .then made
some remarks in reply to the remarks previously
made by Mr. Norvell.
Mr LUMPKIN said he was not disposed to
complain that the Senator from South Carolina
(Mr. Calhoun) had introduced to the notice of the
Senate an existing case of controversy, in relat on
to the supposed abduction of a negro slave, the
Property oí a citizen of Cfeorgia, by a citizen of
Mame, but from the manner m which the case
had keen presented, he felt it his duty to give to the
Senate a relation of the facts, so far as they had
come to his knowledge If theie had been any
final legislative action upon the subject b> the Le-
gislature nf Georgia as seemed to be the mpres-
sioa of the Senator f om South Carolina, he (Mr.
L ) and his colleague, vho sat near him, had re-
ceived no official information of the same. Mr
L had no information on the subject, except what
he had derived from the publication of the official
correspondence and documents relating to the sub-
ject, from which it appeared, that a citizen
or citizens of Maine v. ore accused of the se-
cret abduction of a negro slave from a citi-
zen of Savannah m Georgia Under the pro-
visions of the act of Congress providing for
such cases, the owner of the slave applied
to the Executive of Georgia, and presented the
evidence required by the act of Congress, where-
upon the Governor of Georgia made the usual
demand upon the Executive of Maine for the
delivery of the offending fugitives to the agent
appointed by the Governor of Georgia, m older
that they might be imde amenice to the laws of
Georgia The Governor of Mame declined j .eld-
ing to this demand, and a coi respondent* ensued
betvv een the Executiv es of the two States, m which
the points at issue were discussed, w ithout yieldmg
on either sid  The Goveinor of Georgia, there-
fore, adverted to the subject m his annual message
to the Legislature in November last, in what was
considered by the people of Georgia a becoming
spirit and tone This part of the message of the
Governor was referí ed to the Committee on the
state of the Repuolic That comm'ttee mide a
strong and able rmort, winding up ivi h resolutions
íecommending determ red let on upon the ^r'v¡<>ct,
but if the report vv as acted upon by me Legislature,
he (Mr L ) was not apprized of the fact He hid
íeceived no information of such action, and con-
sequently was not appri7ed of any duty devolving
on him in connection with the subject, or that duty
would have been performed He deemed it his
duly to make this statement to the Senate, to pre-
vent the impression here or elsewhere, that himself
or colleague would be les^ sensitive in matters con-
nected directly wiii the interest of their own State,
than the gentleman from South Carolina, (Mr.
Calhoun )
Mr RUGGLES of Maine, lose to explain a
transaction to which an allusion had been made by
the Senator from South Carolina, (Mr Calhoun,)
and the Senator from Georgia, (Mr Lumpkin,)
but he had understood that his statement was, that
the slave in question was retained in Maine, and
that the Governor of that State had refused to de-
liver him up on the requisition of the Governor of
Georgia
Mr LUMPKIN said he now recollected that it
was the kidnapper, and not the slave, that had
been reclaimed.
Mr R remarked thit he was somewhat familiar
v. ith the circumstances of the case, the slave hav-
ing been brought to the town in which he (Mr R.)
resides He said h" vv?s here at the time, and the
facts of the case, as he understood them at the
tune, and as they were, he had no doubt, genet ally
understood and bpiieved, we e, that a merchant
vessel belonging to Maine was lymg in the port of
Savannah, in Georgia, on board of which, as she
was about to fsail, the slave referred to, who had
been employed m or about the vessel, secreted
himself on board the vessel, and was not discovered
until two or three days at sea The vessel stood
on and arrived at Thomaston Soon after, the
supposed owners of the slave arrived tn pursuit
Tne slave had secreted himself, or was secreted,
m a barn. A number of persons volunteered to
aid the alleged owners m finding the runaway, in
which they were successful, and they took him
v. ithout resort to any legal process, and sailed with
him back to Savannah
Mr. Lumpkin explained that he was not well in-
formed as to the particulars. He had only read
them in the newspapers. It was the kidnappers.or
thieves who had besn refused on the requisition of
the Governor.
Mr. R,?asi,Bs said he had no donbt the error was
unintentional But however great the error was, '
it was a very slight one compared with the error
which the honorable Senator and one or two
others near him ha* committed m speaking
of the master of the vessel referred to, and all on
board as kidnappers or thieves He said they
were wholly undeserving of such epithets, if the
facts of the case were as he believed them to be;
and as one of their representatives here, he felt
himself called upon to repel, in their behalf, the im-
putation implied by such epithets.
Mr R said, as to the requisition and refusal, he
had no information, except by report. It was
doubtless correct that a requisition had been made
<o deliver up the master of the vessel to be tried by
the law ; of Georgia, and before a jury of Savar-
nah, and that the requisition has not been complied
with.
Now I am up, (said Mr. R ) I will add, that
there is no non-slaveholding State m the Union
more sound, on the subject of Abolition, than that
he had the honor, m part, to represent He be-
lieved he could say what no other Senator repre-
senting a Northern State could say—tnat he had
nevei been called upon to present a single aboli-
tion petition since he had had the honor of holding
a seat on this floor
Mi Lumpkin said he had not named an indivi-
dual, nor would he now do so, neither would he
enter into the merits of the case, and he had net
made a solitary remark implicating Mame or any
other State
Mr. BUCHANAN of Pennsvjvama said he
rose, with extreme reluctance, to make some re-
marks upon the question now before the Senate.
I myself, said Mr Bdchanin, had determined thus
morning to move a reference of these resolutions
of the Senator fro"i South Carolina (Mr Calhoun)
to a select committee, but was dissuaded from my
purpose after I reached the Senate. This motion
has now been made by another gentleman, (Mr.
Benton,) and I am called upon ts vote either for
or against it As I am still clearly of opinion that
an immediate reference of these resolutions to a
select committee would, under existing circum-
stances, be the wisest course, whether we regard
the interest of the North or the South, I am pre-
pared to give this motion my hearty support.
On this exciting question I desire to do nothing
as a member of this body which can, in the slight-
est degree, interfere with the constitutional rights
of the slaveholdmg States My fate as a public
man 11 as deeplv staked upon the preservation of
these rights as that of any other individual in the
country I have long since taken my stand, and
from it I shall not be driven. I do not desire to
maintain mvself at home, unless I can do it with a
due regard to the rights and the safety of the people
of the South. I am prepared, therefore, to adopt
any just measure, within the pale of the Constitu-
tion, to settle this dangerous question, and to afford
the gieatest security to the slaveholdmg States.
Notwithstanding these are my sentiments, I cannot
believe tViat the Senator from South Carolina has
chosen the course best calculated to attain these re-
sults. This is the great centre of agitation. Prom
this Capitol, it spreads over the whole Union.
I therefore deprecate a protracted discussion
of the question here. It can do no good, but
may do much harm, both in the North and in the
South It was for this reason 'hat, after the right
of petition had been recognised by a solemn vote of
this body, I was content to act as we have done for
the last two} ears, and leave the questions tobe dis-
cussed by the people of 1he country themselves.
We have now abandoned this safe, this prudent
.course, and whit has been the result! Forth* last
three days we have been engaged in a discussion erat
nentiy calculated to irritate and inflame the public
mind, and as yet we have not adopted the third Of the
series of resolutions. If we proceed, I shall be
agreeably disappointed if another week should
close this debate. And what shall we gain by^the
adoption of these resolutions? Nothing; worse than
nothing. Those who look to the votes' tipon them,
as the standard by which to ascertain hrwSr ntóJty
are in favor of, ana how many opposed to, their
main object, will be greatly mistaken. SatíJe^fc'-
I   teen, or fifteen votfs bav« bm rwordeá a^|aws8«
