Jan-18S8-                       APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
25 ra Co),g""2m) Sess.__________amendment to the Comhtuiion-^Mr. Wise, Haynes, Yell.                                     H. of Reps.
remaiks now simply as a part of the hisioiy of the
measure before the Senate, and oí its treatment by
the honoiable Senator. In tnat sense, and in that
sense alone, had he referred to those remarks
The Senator now proceeds with a new objection
to the biil, and a new complaint against the com-
r/iittee. It \% that the bill is intended to exert an
.influence and power not appaient upon its face, that
while it purports to act upon the circulation of
small notes m this District only, the intention is
palpable that it should act upon, and discourage,
the circulation of that sime description of nttesin
the adjacent States To these complaints he had
merely to say that the provisions 01 the bill were
plain and simple, tnat they were 1.mite J, 1.1 explicit
terms, to this District, and that, if it became i lav,
its whole legal ard binding force would be m tms
District, <and no where else If, then, there existed
any intention on the part of the committee, oi any
members of it, thatu should have the bioad opera-
tion ascribed by the Senator, that intention can only
be made effective through the example of the Iegis
lotion and 'he moral influence of the measure go
far ?s influences oí this «oit were to be exerted by
the passage 0/ the bill, however objec'ionabk they
might be to the honorable Senator, the y were in no
sense objectionable to himself He would rejoice
if the example of the legislation shou'd be followed
by every State Legislature in the whole Union He
should lacrease vastly his estimate of the raifor-
tance of the ineasuie, and of its public utilitv, if he
could persuade himstlf that its moral i ifluence
would banish , from circulation, throughout the
United States, every note such as it proposed to
suppiess in the District of Columbia.
AMENDMENT OP THE CONSTITUÍ ION
DEFERRED DEBATE.
In the Hnise of Repi esentahves, Tuesday, January 2,
1838—On the intioduction of the following pro-
position submitted by Mr. Wise of Virginia •
" Resolved, That a committee to consist of------
members be appointed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of so amending the Constitution of the United
States as to prohibit the appointment of members
o£ Congiess to Executive offices during the time
lor which they are elected Senators or Representa-
tives, and the time of two years thereafter "
Mr WISE said it was not his intention to dis-
cuss the resolution at this time, and he hoped its
m'roduction would lead to no debate He had
paid some attention to the abuses of this Govern-
ment—abuses which,* if not corrected, would at
some time subven the public liberty A.nd his
ooJfipn conviction was, nat the true root of all the
corruption wmch costea 11 the adtnirustiation oi
our Go,eminent -ua¿ to be founl m the pov.er
possessed by the President of the United States to
make the legislative branch h,s subservient slat e,
by an adroa exercise of the gift of office
Mr. W said lie had offered the present amend-
ment at a former session of Congress, and he would
h<-re sny that it had been the business, the great
effort of his public Ufe, to get this amendment of
the Constitution carried into effect He had not
yet succeeded; but he should sMi continue at
least to try
Mr. HAYNES of Georgia said he was sorry ¡hit
ihe gentleman from Virginia had not submitted ins
resolu Hon in silence, became Mr II vacunable
to support it on 'he giounds and for the íeasons
s'ated bv that gentleman, and yet it was his deiei-
mmation to -vote for it, because he had alna1! s been
in favor ofsu^h ai alteration of the Constitution
He should suppoit it, not because he believed cor-
ruption did actually exkt, but because the purity
of that House ought always to be kept free fioin
all imputation or suspicion of that kind
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina said he v. as
much obliged to the honorable gentlemen from Vir-
ginia for having introduced a resolution of this
kind He considered it one of very gieat im-
portance A similar proposition had been intro-
duced by the same gentleman once before Mr
W had given u his hearty support then, and he
should still do the same    But he thought the reso
lut on had bettei be extended as to embiace another
point, viz a limitaron of the Pre iden"a! term of
servic e to ¡our yeais, an 11 nkc the same individual
me'igible thereafter H- h pr>d the gpntleman
wojld consent ti m'di1} pis rcsoluioi to th's
effect
Mr WISEsi'J he mus1 apologise to the gentle-
man fiom North Carolm? tor not accepting the
p'opo-ed modification He was unable to do so ,
because he desired that this one measure should be
kept entirely separate and distinct from all others
It «as, in his v.cw, of paramount impoitpnce loa.ll
other am*ndmen's of the Constitution As to the
proposal of the honordb'e gentleman, if it was pos
sible to make Co 'gr"ss independent of the Execu-
tive, he doubted whet/ie. 1 period ot eight yeavs
was too long for the tei 1 of the Piesidem's sei-
nce Mr W would te n^t tn« incumbent to use
his great power foi the g^il of his countiv, >n set-
ting before him lae hope of a seco id term o, othce
That, at all eients, was d b iteab'e g-ound, theie
was room for a difeience ot opinion in lsgaid to
it; but th-H the President oaghi not to ha,'e it m
his power to influence Ihe votes of members of
Congress by the power of appointing them toofSce,
was a matter m which no reflecting man could
honestly entertain a d >ubt Mr W regretted that
the honorable gentleman from Georgia, (now gene-
rally understood tobe the Premier of this House,)
could not agree with him in the grounds on which
the resolution should be adopted
Mi. HAYNES here briefly explained, and slated
again the giounds on which he should vote for the
íesi 'utioi
Mr WISE resumed In offenng this resolution
he vas meiely "trending in the footsteps of his
illustrious piedecessoi," to wit, Geneial Jackson,
for the doctrine of this amendment was the very
doctni" held and avowed b> that great Moloch of
modern Democracy
Mr. HAYNES said he only objected to the ap-
plication which Mr. W seemed disposed to make
of the doctrine
Mr. WISE said he had made none But of this
he was fully persuaded, that without such an
amendment to our Constitution, an stective mo-
narchy was fast growing up m tne mii'st ol us
He saw, indeed, a day of refoimatiou dawn ng—
the good work had commenced But he was foi
beginning at once wnh a reform of that House
Whoever might be hisfavoule candilate for the
Piesidencv, his first or his seond fa\orile, ne\ei
should he wish to see him enter upon office pos-
sess I of the tiemendous power of apoointing to
offices of honor and profit the membeis of the le-
gislative branches of the Go- ernmen! As long as
the piwer rcmsmc I it aKva3s would b" exercised,
in th  language of General TacWn, so 'ong as the
Executue held this dangerous poner, "coruifiion
would be the ortier of the day," and no imn could
more fully have demonstrate 1 the tiuth of the p-o-
position than th" man himself v ho had advanced
it
Mr UNDERWOOD was glad to hear gentle-
men express themselves in such dec ded language
but the honorable gentleman fr^m Virginia was
certainly mistaken when he said that 111 the propri-
ety of the principle of the resolution he h<id offered
all men concurred. All men did n it as ent to its
piopr ety The last Congress, on the conLiry,
had expressly denied and 1 ejected it
Mr WISE explained, He meant that H men
must and did, in their conscience assert 1 it, a'-
though iraní, he knew, re.ee ed it   n            u ac-
ticc
Mi Undlrwood sa d'hu tv>o ' eais put Is * a '
the honoi of lntiodiiciug the same pu p m. <n the
leso'ution was íeíeired to a coima'ttfe and that
committee had reported against it Mi U fn1
mner been able to get a heii ng in 5 pport of it,
though he had been struggling fm it fo two
yeais He^would inform the hnnoiab'egerilcnan
from North Carolm (Mi William^) tnat, in a re-
solution offered by Mr. U. this morning, he wouUl
find|his idea aoout restricting the term of Execu-
tive service embodied, and he trusted tne propor-
tion would receive that genl'eman's able «support
Mr U «aid ha had risen to express hi gratifica-
tion that "the honorable gentleman tiom Georgia
—---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------        < 'i
(Mr Premier Hayses^agreed so far with him as. to
ho'd that the proposition introduced by the gentle-
man from Virginia ought to paos. He was de-
lighted to witness the manifestation of feeling in
its favor which had been elicited b<- this discussion.
He hoped that the resolution would be sent to a
select committee. He was willing, if the mover
preferred it, that the pioposition should be jtept
separate from the other, introduced by fj^elf,
though he did not perceive any strong rea£$f why
they should not be taMffl together.   *** *   *
Mi JENIFER, o'f MarjTáíd", though very im-
pel fectly heard, was understood to say that he
hoped no obstacle would be thrown m the Way of
the passage of this resolution. TEfe propo&ttion it
contained was a very important one, and ought
to stand on its own merits- he hoped, therefore, the
gent'eman from North Garohna would not msiston
his amendment, (if he had moved it ai such:) the
two questions ought to be kept entirely distinct, this
plan of piohibilmg the appointment of members of
Congress had been befoie the nation now for eight
vcars Although the celebra'ed letter of General
Jackson charged corruption as being the natural
and necessary result of such a power, Mr J. had
not then believed it; but experience had taught
him the truth of that opinion Hsh-oped'the ques-
tion would be put upon this propesition separately
from all others.
Mr YELL addressed the Chair, and said that
he was rejoiced to find the gentleman from Vir-
ginia (Mr Wise) returning again fo his first love,
an'1 to the doctrines he advocated whilst an ardent
¡supporter of General Jackson's administration.
He was gratified to find him advocating the princi-
ples of that illustrious statesman, General Andrew
Jackson The principles embiaced in the honora-
ble gentleman's resolution have been urged before
this nation for the last eiaht years and upwards,
and have íeceived the support and co-operation of
the great body of the Republican parly Sir, (con-
tinued Mr Y ) I am gratified that the gentleman
from Virginia has again revived those principles
in this House, and brought them once more before
the nation, and I cannot but hope that the party
with which that gentleman 13 now acting, will be
found giving ihem a generous and a hearty sup-
port. As to the letter alluded to by the gentleman
from Virginia, written by General Jackson, in
which that eminent man remarked, " that so long
as Ike Executive held this poiper, corruption would
be the older of the day," hf bel'eved the letter and
ihe íemark would be found as true as Hily Writ
whenever that power Mas exercised by those who
Vv eie corrupt enough to abuse it.
Mr Y concluded by alluding to the charges
of bargain, intrigue, and corruption, s> often
preferred against the Admuus rauon of the pre-
dec^ssoi of Geneial Jackson, (Mr Adams,) and
said that they weie then tne order of the day,
and, m suppoit of the position he assumed, re-
ferí ed to the appointment of his Premier, (Mr.
Clay,) anil the station that that gentleman had
held immediately prior to bis being translated to
the office of Secretary of State. He also allud^I
directly to the important appointments from mem-
bers of Congress that were made under the admi-
nistration of Mr Adams, and pledged himself to
produce more evidences of corruption during the
four jears of Mr Adams's administration than
could be alleged 11 have existed under the eight
je>r' of the administration of General Jackton
These facu weie susceptible of the clearest proof,
and as the resolution which had 1 en offered by
the gentleman from Virginia wou'd enable the
House to go into an investigation, he rejoiced at its
introduction, and was glad that the gent'eman had
" come to the rescue " Whv (inquired Mr Y ) has
not the gentleman and his friends made this propo-
se on before1 It has been urged by General Jack-
son for the last eight years, anil how has it been
treatei by the paitj to which the genfleman from
Virginia is attached1 It is an investigation which
'hey did not desne, and the object of introducing it
now was to pi oduce political agitation and effect
Mr Y. continued, that be wi* in principle opposed
to the appcwn.ou' s.i members of Congress to
office, beeause 1 f ihe dangerous tendency that i e
suited iiom it,  and  because it led u  a flagran 
3
