Dec. 1837.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
25th Cong----2nd Sess.
Reference of President's Message—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
of the currency would be greatly ameliorated.
The paper of such an institution would always
command the most implicit confidence on the part
of the public, without which no bank can be other-
wise than an injury to the community in which it
exists. In this, sir, I suggest nothing more than
what is perfectly practicable—nothing beyond what
¡nay be effected by close, well guarded restrictions,
which may easily be rendered efficient by the Le-
gislatures creating such institutions, especially if
they will reserve to-themselves the power at all
times to correct errors in their charters, or abuses
in their administration. If the States create cor-
porations for the purpose of enabling them to fur-
nish the community with a currency, they are
bound by every consideration, moral and political,
to protect the community against fheiraBuses. Itis
in rain to expect that corporate stockholders, who are
allowed to bank as they please, and to whatever ex-
tent they may desire, and be at the same time indi-
vidually irresponsible, will ever heed the public
welfare, or neglect to sacrifice it whenever it hangs
heavily on their prospects of gain, or comes in col-
lision with their interest. They will always be too
mindful of their own interest to keep watch over
that of the public. - As was said with great truth
by Scotland's bard,
"-------Mankind are unco weak,
And tittle to be trusted:
If self the wavering balance shake,
It's rarely right adjusted.
REMARKS OF MR. DUNCAN,
Of Ohio,
ii the House of Representatives, Dec. 18, 1837—On
the resolution offered by Mr. Haynes of Geor-
gia, which was as follows, viz :
Resolved, That so much of the President's Mes-
sage as relates to the finances, and every thing con-
nected therewith ; to the safe-keeping of the public
moneys, and every thing connected therewith; and
so much as relates to the Bank of the United Stales;
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. DUNCAN said it was not his wish to detain
the committee; he merely wished to" correct some
errors which the gentleman from Massachusetts,
(Mr. Reed,) had fallen into, in point of fact, in rela-
tion to the political or party character of the standing
committees of this House—statements which, if
true or uncorrected, were calculated, coming from
the source they did, to injure the character of the
Speaker by whom they were appointed—to preju-
dice the Democratic party, and the Administration
whom it is said (by the Opposition) the committees
favor, without regard to principle, or the sacred
nature of their duties. The gentleman objects to
referring the resolution in question to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. "It is an improper com-
mittee, because there is a majority of it that are in
favor of the Administration." He says all the
committees, or nearly so, are of the same cha-
racter. He said the time had come when the two
great contending parties of this nation were nearly
equal, and he thought the character of the standing
committees, with regard to party, ought also ro be
as nearly equal. Indeed, said Mr. D., the burthen
of his song, and the volume' of his speech, con-
sisted in .complaints and charges of the inequality
of the committees in a party sense. His com-
plaints have gone abroad, swift as the mail can
carry them; they are now spread over the
country; and while I am now correcting his
errors, his political friends are weeping over
the vast injustice which he represents to
have been done to the Opposition by the partial and
unequal party character of the standing committees.
How stands the matter? Let us disclose the facts
as they are; and in doing so, I do not intend to
charge the gentleman with wilful misrepresenta-
tien. I think him. above doing anything disho-
norable to his age', his occupation, the office he
holds, or the. seat he occupies. But how are the
facts in relation to the party character of the com-
mittees in question'?
Mr. D. read from the list, which is as follows:
.1. The Committee of Elections presents a majo-
rity in favor of the Administration.
■ 2. The Committeeof Claims, for the Opposition.
3.   The Committee of Ways and Means, for the
Administration.
4.  The Committee on Revolutionary Claims, for
the Opposition.
5.  The Committee on Commerce, for the Admi-
nistration.
6.  The Committee on Public'Expenditures, for
the Opposition.
7.  The Committee on the Public Lands, for the
Administration.
8.  The Committee on Public Land Claims, for
the Opposition.
9.  The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, for the Administration.
10.  The Committee on Manufactures, for the
Opposition.
11.  The Committee for the District of Columbia,
for the Administration.
12.  The Committee on Agriculture, for the Op-
position.
13.  The Committee on the Judiciary, for the
Administration.
14.  The Committee on the Militia, for the Oppo-
sition.
15.  The Committee on Indian Affairs, for the
Administration.
16.  The Committee on Territories, for the Op-
position.
17.  The Committee on Military Affairs, for the
Administration.
18.  The Committee on Invalid Pensions, fer the
Opposition.
1Ü. The Committee on Naval Affairs, for the
Administration.
20 The Committee on Roads and Canals, for
the Opposition.
21.  The Committee on Foreign Affairs, for the
Administration.
22.  The Committee on Revisal and Unfinished
Business, for the Opposition.
23.  The Committee on Revolutionary Pensions,-
for the Administration.
24.  The Committee on Expenditure in the War
Department,' for the Opposition.
25.  The Committee on Patents, for the Admi-
nistration.
2 6. The Committee on Expenditures for the Navy,
for Ihe Opposition.
27.  The Committee on the Public Buildings and
Public Grounds, for the Administration.
28.  The Committee on the Expenditures in the
Department of the Post Office, for the Opposition.
29.  The Committee on Accounts for the Admin-
istration.
30. The Committee on Mileage, for the Adminis-
tration.
31.  The Committee on the Expenditures of the
Department of State, for the Administration.
32.  The Committee on the Expenditures of the
Department of the Treasury, for the Administra-
tion.
33.  The Committee on the Expenditure on the
Public Buildings, for the Opposition.
This last is an entire whole-hog modern Whig
committee. Thus, with the exception of the three
next preceding the last, we see that the committees
run pari passu so far as party is concerned. Now,
sir, what has become of the gentleman's lamenta-
tions about injustice to the minority in the appoint-
ment of committees. They have gone abroad like
other Federal howlings, to have tkeir effect on sub-
sequent elections. I would not have been so mi-
nute in presenting the errors contained in the mem-
ber's remarks, but for the daily efforts used to send
abroad such misrepresentations for the purpose of
destroying the influence of the Administration and
bringing it into disrepute with the people. Here
are letters and figures, which show, to ¡he under-
standing of all who may see them, that the whole
groundwork cf an hour's labor to bring the honora-
ble Speaker and the Administration into disrepute,
is without existence. I say daily are such misre-
presentations sent to every part of the country—to
the fireside of the rich and the poor; and that, too,
at the expense of the people, for no other than the
unhallowed purposes of political delusion*
A word of and to the gentleman from Indiana,
(Mr. Ewing.) He objects to the reference in
question.   He" denounces the Committee of Ways
and Means as a party committee, unworthy .the
confidence of the House or the people. "They
have administered to the people, and their deses~
have been found wanting." "We have bad to
swallow their doses; they are bitter doses; they,
nauseate without relieving. ' The people have re-
jected them as inapplicable to the complaint. To
the dogs with their medicine." Sir," it is not. my
business, said Mr. D., to defend the committee from
abuse and detraction. Each of them is more able
to defend himself than I am; nor does such abusé
require defence or answer; it carries with, it its
own antidote with all intelligent, honorable, and
high minded people. I only think it necessary
here to say that, the Committee of Ways and
Means is a finance committee, and the- com-
mittee to which all financial matters ought to
be and always have been referred. This is
the regular channel through which regular
financial business flows to the House or Senate;
whether presented for the consideration of Con-
gress by the President ©f the United States, the
Heads of Departments, members of either branch
of Congress, or by private individuals; and Mr. D.
saw no necessity new for crossing the usual chan-
nels of legislative business merely to gratify party
hostility and vindictive whims. Mr. D. said he
had some professional advice to give his friend
from Indiana; and Mr. D. hoped he would receive
it in a kind spirit, as that was the spirit in
which it was offered, and no charge or fee
should be made. He would recommend 1 
his friend the political doses prepared and
prescribed by the Committee of Ways and Means.
The gentleman would eventually find them to be
well calculated to improve his political health.
True, they would be nauseous for a while. It was
proper that they should be so. It was a wise order
of Providence that all valuable medicines, such as
were intended for the cure of obstinate diseases,
were nauseous and sxkening, disagreeable to the
taste and offensive to the smell. If it were other-
wise, their constant and daily use for trifling
cause  would render them useless for the purposes
for which they were made; for it was a principle
in the animal economy to adapt itself to the use of
almost any application to the destruction of the
effect of that application. Hence the obvious ne-
cessity for those peculiar qualities of the most-valu-
able medicines. Political matters were so arranged
that the gentleman was compelled to take the com-
mittee's doses, let the quality and quantity be what
they might, nolens volens. There was no let up in
the matter: the people had so ordered it, and
(fee gentleman ought to be satisfied. He
ought to take them in a spirit of resignation;
and, moreover, inasmuch as the people had
indirectly appointed them the political physicians
to constitute the Committee of Ways and Means,
to prescribe for him, he is, in conformity with the
fundamental principles of the Constitution and
Government lie has sworn to support, bound to
take their prescriptions in perfect confidence and
good faith. Faith is all-important in things that
relate to time as well as to eternity. The great
miracles that were wrought in the days of the
Apostles were wrought by faith. If my friend
v. isb.es the/ ü benefit of the committee's prescrip-
tions, he must have faith. True, the gentleman is
laboring under very malignant and obstinate poli-
tical maladies, and those too of long standing.
Still Mr. D._ would unhesitatingly give it as his
professional opinion, that if his friend would take
m good faith the committee's prescriptions, he
would recover. The modus operandi, it was said
by eminent physicians, of calomel and other mer-
curial preparations, was to produce a new disease,
that is, a mercurial disease, which neutralizes and
counteracts the disease which the mercury was
given to cure; and this from a principle of the
animaleconomy, that the human system will not en-
tertain two disf ases at one and the same time. The
mercurial disease being the more potent, the natural
disease is ejected, and the patient has only to recover
from the mercurial disease, (which he is almost
sure to do,) and the consequent deteility thereupon,
which is soon overcome by a judicious administra-
tion of the appropriate tonics. The moius ope-
randi of the committee's prescriptions to my friend,
