Dee. 1837.
APPENDIX fO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cong--2nd Sbss.
Reference of President's Message.—Mr. Duncan.
40
H. of Reps.
has not polled her strength since 1834; there has
been no excitement in that State since, sufficient to
draw her voters out; at that time her Democratic
vote was 38,000, and her Whig vote 34,000, the
aggregate 72,000. In 1837, .the two candidates for
Governor had about 34,060 each, it is not known
which is elected. The Senate of Maine is de-
cidedly Democratic. . It is evident that the
Democratic strength was not at the poll's by be-
tween four and five thousand, while the entire
Whig strength was: their vote being the same that
it was in 1834. The absence of the Democratic
vote can be accounted for from the fact that the
Democracy of Maine, as well as of every other
State in the Union, are the laboring classes
of ¡society, and never all turn out to elections,
unless there is an exciting question.
How is it with New York ? By the returns of
1834, (a year of excitement, and the only since
that time,) compared with the returns of 1837,
there is an aggregate deficiency of near 54,600
votes; there is a Democratic deficiency of 41,000,
and a Whig deficit of 13,000. How, then, let me
ask, can New York be said to have denounced the
President and his Loco Foco Sub-Treasury scheme?
Does the result of the elections in New York
either show a change of political principle in that
State, or does it denounce the President in the
unmeasured terms represeoted by the member''
But how stands Mississippi?—gallant Democratic
Mississippi must be lugged into the jubilee; she
must be dragged forward to swell the Federal
triumph, for which this day seems to beset apart.
It would seem that policy would have dictated
a different course with regard to Mississippi,
lest the whole object of all the bacchanalian feasts
Would be disclosed to the people in whose eyes it
is intended to throw dust.
It is well known that Mississippi has just
elected a Democratic- Governor by a large
majority; nearly all her cabinet officers and
■a large majority of both branches of the legis-
lature are Democratic. The Whigs have in-
deed returned two members to Congress, but the
election was entirely a one-sided business. The
present worthy and talented members (Messrs.
Claiborne and Gholson) were elected in July.
When they presented themselves to be qualified as
members, an Opposition member on this floor
objected on the ground that the election had been
ordered for the extra session only, and was, there-
fore, null and void.
> The objection was overruled, but the whole case
was.referr,edto the Committee of Elections. The
Committee reported in favor of the sitting mem-
bers; and after a protracted, careful and deliberate
examination of the whole case and the circumstan-
ces connected with, ¡t, of both a legal and constitu-
tional character, this House sustained the report,
and adopted these gentlemen members for the
entire twenty-fifth Congress. These gentlemen
were not candidates at the fall elections. The de-
mocracy of Mississippi held no election for Con-
gressmen, except where they were unapprised of the
decision-of this House. Butthemodern Whigs of
Mississippi,m character with their party elsewhere,
regardless of law and the solemn decision of this
body, assuming that Congress had not the consti-
tutional jight to decide upon the competency of its
own members, (a right which is as palpable and as
exprés? as any other power on the face of that
instrument, and until now has never been denied,)
went on to vote for candidates, and havir.g no op-
position, of course elected them. If this be a
Whig victory, the member and his party are wel-
come to ii, with all the ether victories over which
they are now glorifying. But when the free people
of tins Union look at the result, they will say that
tlíé Democracy of Mississippi have gloriously tri-
umphed, and that their Congressional election was
the mere spasm of an expiring faction. The last
"struggle.of a party which, whether known as Fede-
ralists, National Republicans, Bank men, Anti-
Masons, or Modern Whigs, have always been
known by their unyielding and uncompromising
.hostility to the Democratic party and the Democra-
tic principles, as well as their law and constitution-
al defying spirit. . So'much for Mississippi and her
¿ecent elections.    Now, sir, I will askj ¿r, th.e spi-
rit of candor, where is the cause for all this Whig
rejoicing? Where does the member find reason to
justify the broad assertion, that the people from
Maine to Mississippi have denounced the President
or any of his measures? Is there any thing in the
result of these elections that would justify the Pre-
sident in deserting the principles he has always
practised, the party to which he belongs, and the
measures upon which he was elected? The people
will answer this.
The member has amused us with some fine say-
ings and sweet stories in favor, in approbation, and
in confidence of the dear people, and in confirma-
tion of their capacity for self-government. When
did the member acquire this late confidence in the
wisdom of the people, so at war with every princi-
ple of the party to which he belongs? Will the
member be so good as to favor us with his expe-
rience that has brought about this wonderful con-
version, by which he is brought to worship at the
shrine of the people's wisdom? Was it by the glori-
ous triumph of popular suffrage and the Constitu-
tion over corruption, coalition and bribery in
1828, when the people, in their patriotism, their
strength and their majesty, crushed at one
blow the midnight workers of ihe political
iniquity by which they were defrauded of
the Chief Magistrate of their choice, by the
election of Andrew Jackson, and by which ¿be
violated Constitution was restored, and the right of
suffrage secured' Was it then that the member
formed his attachments for the dear people, and his
confidence in their wisdom and integrity'? Or was
it in 1832, when the same people elected the same
distinguished individual to the same distinguished
office, which is the highest in their gift, and the
highest that man can hold, and that, tso, in grati-
tude for prostrating a faithless institution, that the
member is now sustaining, to the utmost of his
ability, in defiance of the thrice expressed will of
the same people, to whose wisdom he is singing
hosannas? Or was it in 1834, the memorable panic
era? This was a time that tried men's souls; coi-
ruption and bribery walked naked, shameless, and
fearless, in the highways. The wealth of the
aristocracy was spread over the land, to the cor-
ruption and bribery of every man, and every insti-
tution. The newspaper presses were bought in the
public market, and in open day, and brisad at
midnight in secret corners. The doubting were
made to tremble, and the firm to fear; but still the
Democracy stood fast; they rallied to the standard
of the man that never deserted them in their cnun •
try's greatest perriK The csuntry was saved, an 1
the Constitution was saved. Was it then, I ask,
that the member in confidence, and in gratitnde,
throwed himself into the arms of the people, an I
embraced their faith?
The President, in conformity with the duties hj
owed to his country, and the solemn oath he ha i
taken to execute the laws and to administer thi
Government according to the best of his skill an 1
ability, regarded it as an imperious duty to remove
the deposites of the public money from a faithless,
worthless, dangerous, and unconstitutional institu-
tion, that had been vetoed by the people, andbythj
exercise of this duty had drawn upon his devote 1
head the concentrated wrath and indignation of th;
United States Bank and the aristocracy of the
country; but the old soldier, who knew no fear or
any interest except that of his common countrj,
met the storm and triumphed, for he was on thj
side of justice and the people. I ask, was it the i
that the memper emolled himself on the side of th;
people? or was it the little, petty, shori-lived Whi;
victories of 1837 that have removed the scales from
his eyes, and brought him to a sense of the powei,
the wisdom, and the justice of the people?
The member seems apt at calling names, an 1
with others of his party colleagues here, at prefering
charges against the Democracy of Executive in-
fluence, #assalage and corruption. These charges
seem to Ve as common as the ordinary day busi-
ness of this House. I think, sir, charges of this
kind come from the Opposition in bad taste and
worse time. A party who, (with many honorable
exceptions, I am happy to say,) live, move, and
have their political being, and daily support, by
i ana from the banks.   No southern slave whose
|J   *--------------------—- -     -      r----------   -; -    "
boadage is absolute and unconditional, is more
under the dominion of his master than hun-
dreds and thousands of that party, (who, by their
representatives, are daily making these charges
against the Democracy and their representatives,)
are under the control and dominion,of the banks.
Look, sir, at their newspaper presses; how far have
they fallen from' the holy purposes fos which
they were originally invented and established! Jn
place of being the mediums through which virtue,
science, and general intelligence is to flow to the
public mind, they have become the receptacles of
all that is abominable in slander and vile in detrac-
tion. Their columns have become the filthy suers
and polluted sluices, through which there \is no
slander too base, or falsehood too malignant and
poisonous, to pass to the destruction of morals and
the peace of society.
The virtuous and the patriotic find no advocates
in them. The warrior and, the statesman, whose
lives have been worn down in the service of their
country's highest interests, are alike the subjects of
their abuse and detraction. And look, sir, at their
swarms of letter-writers, who annoy you at every
step and every comer, who, like lank, lounging,
hungry dogs, that lean upon the gate posts, and
yelp and howl around this Capitol, and feed upon
the crumbs that fall from the tables of those who
are themselves the subjects of bank corruption and
Federal bribery. I say such chargas come in bad
time and in bad taste from such a party. The
Democracy are .emphatically the freemen of this
country. They depend not on banks nor on the
smiles of the Aristocracy for their maintenance.
They depend upon their sweat, their toil, the fields
that they have cleared with their own hands, and
the rains of Heaven, for all they have and all they
wish.
But the member calls names. He has de-
nounced the whole Democratic party, with a
bitterness and vindictiveness I hope unworthy
of his hearv-as-ieeo-íVcos. I ara unacquaint-
ed with the meaning of the term Loco Foco;
it is of á tp'ngne .unknown to me. If the term is
political in it^sigjrification, and is expressive of a
love of ljberíy,'á, regard for the support and literal
construction ,of the Constitution, a disposition to
support our free institutions, and an unyielding
hostility to a national bank, to odious political dis-
tinctions, ' úñcoasTitu'fional monopolies, and exclu-
sive and dangerous privileges for the benefit of the
few to the exclusión ' of the many, then I am a
Loco Foca', and I ato proud of the name: I hope I
shall never abuse or disgrace it. But I am now
going to tell you, sir, another thing I dare do. I dare
pronounce any'man on this floor or elsewhere, a
base LIAR and a reckless SCOUNDREL, who
dare denounce me a Loco Foco, and attach thereto
any other political meaning than that which I have
just described.
"The member .pronounces the President a vil*
demagogue. I have heard this member before de-
nounce thé.Presideh't and all his Cabinet, "as knaves
and/eofe. But why is the President denounced as
a vile demagogue? I suppose it is because he holds
the true Democratic doctrine in his Message, that
" the voice of the people is the supreme law of the
land;" and because he pledges himself to give to
the measures adopted by Congress his hearty co-
operation, to the fullest extent which his views of
the Constitution and his sense of duty will permit.
Mr. Chairman, I think there can be no better
evidence that a man is a vi!e demagogue himself,
than to hear him perpetually denouncing other
statesmen and politician? without discrimination,
vile demagogues, Knaves and fools, who are opposed
to him in politics.
The world has never been clear of demagogues
since the first formation of government. Egypt,
in her first Government, had her demagogues.
Cyrus came near being destroyed by a demagogue.
Darius fraudulently ascended the throne of Persia
by the intrigues of a demagogue. Carthage had
her demagogues, as the unhappy fate and misfor-
tunes of the brave Hannibal, who subdued the
Alps, conquered on the plains of Italy, and carried
"the Cáffhagihiari arms to the gates of Rome, and
the downfall of her Government, and destruction
of her city, will bear testimony,   Greece had her
