Jan. 1838.  ___________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cong--"2nd Sbss.
so be a direct violation of the 8th "amended article
of the Constitution. He had not, however, thought
proper to assert it, as he knew fhat there was a ma-
jority in the Senate of a different opinion, and as
his object was to place the question on no particu-
lar portion of the Constitution, but on its general
character and structure, which he thought was
much stronger, and much less liable to be disputed.
He would neither object nor assent to the proposed
modification, and would leave it, without further
remark, to the decision of the Senate.
Mr. Preston's' second amendment was then
agreed to; after which
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky rose to say a few words.
He said that he could vote for neither the fifth nor
sixth resolution, in the shape in which they were
presented by the Senator from South Carolina.
Although he had risen to state his objections par-
ticularly to the fifth, now that he was up, he
would make some general observations on the
whole subject of the series of resolutions.   -
I have voted, (continued Mr. C.) without hesi-
tation, for the first resolulions offered by that Sena-
tor, after they were modified or amended, not from
any confidence which I have in their healing vir-
tues. I have voted for them as abstract proposi-
tions, and in the sense in which I understand them;
that is, in the plain natural sense which their lan-
guage imports. With respect to the point so much
insisted upon in this debate, and which had pro-
duced great controversy in former times, whether
the Constitution is to be regarded as the work of
the people of the United States collectively, or of
the separate States composing the Confederacy, I
have always thought that more importance is at-
tached to it than it deserves. Wether formed in
the one mode or the other, the powers granted in
the Constitution, and its true interpretation, are
exactly the same. The real question in consider-
ing the instrument is, not how the Constitution
was made, but what is it, as it is? What are the
powers delegated by it—the powers necessary and
proper to carry into effect the delegated powers—its
prohibitions? What, in short, is the sum of its
whole powers' 1 have always understood, accord-
ing to historical fact, that the Constitution was
framed by a Convention, composed of delegates
appointed by the Legislatures of ~ the several
States; and that after it was adopted, it was sub-
mitted to Conventions of Delegates, chosen by the
people of the several States, each acting separate-
ly by and for itself; and, being ratified by the
Conventions of a sufficient number, it became the
Constitution of the United States, or, in its own
language, of the people of the United States.
The series of resolutions under consideration has
been introduced by the Senator from Seuth Caro-
lina, after he and other Senators from the South
had deprecated discussion on the delicate subject
to which they relate. They have occasioned much
discussion, in which hitherto I have not participat-
ed. I hope that the tendency of the resolutions
may be allay the excitement which unhappily pre-
vails, in respect to the abolition of slavery; but I
confess, Mr. President, that, taken altogether, and
in connection with other circumstances, and espe-
cially considering the manner in which their au-
thor has pressed them on the Senate, I fear that
they will have the opposite eflfect; and particularly
at the North, that they may increase and exaspe-
rate, instead of diminishing and assuaging the ex-
isting irritation. I apprehend that they will only
serve "to furnish new texts for fresh commen-
tary and further divisions. And I cannot but re-
gard the unnecessary combination of the subject
of abolition with that alien and the most exciting
of all subjects at the present period, the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States, in the same
series of resolutions, as peculiarly unfortunate. I
know that Texas is not specially mentioned in the
last resolution, bat the country will understand the
intention and allusion of the resolution as distinct-
ly as if it had been expressly designated. It can-
not be forgotten that; immediately after the tidings
of the memorable battle of San Jacinto reached
this city, the Senator from South Carolina (Mr.
Calhoun) expressed in the Senate his opinion that
the independence of Texas ought immediately to
fee recognised, and his wish mat, before the adjourn-
Mr. Calhoun's Resolutions—Mr. Clay.
?Jent of Congress, it should be annexed to the
Unite,i states. A resolution now lies upon the
table of the Senate, introduced by the other Sena-
tor from South Carolina, (Mr. Preston,) proposing
^Contingent annexation of it to the United States.
when these facts are borne ia mind, will not all
uuderstand the last resolution, although abstract in
l0rm, as intended to commit the Senate, in ad-
vance, to the annexation? Our purpose, our
anxious aim, should be to compose the North, to
arrest the progress of the spirit of abolition, and
to give strength and confidence to the numerous
friends of the Union in that quarter. Is it then
wise and discreet to blend these two unhappy
causes of agitation together? Had we not better
keep them separate and distinct, and the act on
the prudent maxim that sufficient for the day is the
evil thereof?
The Senator from South Carolina has offered his
resolutions, he tells us, to revive and rally the. State
rights party. But I cannot think that the slave-
holding States ought to consent to place their pecu-
liar interests in the exclusive safe-keeping of any
one party, however correct some of us may believe
its principles to be. Are not the clear, undoubted,
acknowledged guaranties of the Constitution of
those interests far above, and superior to any secu-
rity which can be derived from tbe particular tenets
of any party? Parties rise up and go down, but the
Constitution remains a perpetual and sure bulwark
against all attacks upon the rights of the slave-
holding States, from whatever quarter they may
proceed. No, sir: do not let us put our trust in any
party exclusively; let us invoke the united guar-
dianship of all—the Whigs, the Democratic party,
the Republican party, the Jackson Van Buren
party, the Federal party, the Union party, the Nul-
lifiers and the Loco Pocos—all, in preserving the
inviolability of the Constitution, and protecting
against every encroachment delicate and momen-
tous interests, which cannot be seriously touched,
without endangering the stability of our entire poli-
tical fabric.
We want in the slaveholding States nothing done
here to stimulate our vigilance, or to unite us upon
the subject of our present deliberations. We may
differ there in the degree of sensibility .which we
displayj but we are all firmly and unanimously re-
solved to defend and maintain our rights at all ha-
zards; and should the hour of trial ever come, those
who appear now the least agitated, will not be be-
hind those who are foremost and loudest in pro-
claiming the existence of danger. The object of
the Senate should be to allay excitement, quiet
the public mind, and check the progress of the
spirit of abolition at the North; and, above all, to
strengthen the well-disposed, and to give no ad-
vantage to agitators. It was with that view I
have inquired of Northern Senators, charged with
the presentation of abolition petitions, whether the
spirit of Abolitionism was spreading; and, if so,
what was the cause. Their ansu-cr was, that it
was increasing; and that the cause was the impres-
sion which the Abolitionists had been able to make
on the northern mind, that the constitutional right
of petition was denied them by the two Houses of
Congress. This statement is corroborated and con-
firmed by information which has reached me
through a variety of channels. Many who are not
Abolitionists, are induced to join them, because
they believe the right oi petition has been practi-
cally denied. On this subject, allow me to read an
extract from a letter (the perusal of the whole letter
is at the service of any Senator) which I have lately
received, addressed to me by a highly intelligent
and patriotic gentleman in Rhode Island. [Here
Mr. Clay read the following extract:
"I have been so much gratified with your re-
marks in relation to the cause of the increase of
the Abolitionists in the North, that I thought it
might do some good, and at least relieve my own
mind, if I stated to you what we think on the sub-
ject here. There is no doubt but that the Abolition-
ists are recruiting here by the artful mode in which
they turn to their account the spirit or sensitiveness
manifested by the southern members on the subject
of slavery, and they are encouraged, also, to greater
efforts, because they think they see in all this a
proof that the work of agitation is thus begun in
Senate.
the South, and that the leaven will work until the
whole lamp is leavened. If the petitions for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia had
been duly received and considered as other peti-
tions would have been, I have no doubt this agi-
tating subject, if not put entirely at rest, at least
would not now have been so connected with the
sacred right of petition as to enable it to produce
the effect it now docs amongst us.
"At our Jast election for members of Congress,
letters were sent from the secretary of the Anti-
Slavery Society to each of the candidates, requiring
of them a communication of their sentiments on
the right of Congress to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and the right of petition lo Con-
gress on this subject. Each candidate answered
(except one) in such a way as that he might have
consistently received the votes of the Abolitionists.
If the simple question had been upon the expe-
diency of abolishing slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia, these gentlemen would probably have all
answered in the negative. You see, therefore, how
this question is brought to bear on the people, and
through them on the members of Congress, and
we, who feel opposed to the whole of this anti-
slavery machinery, find our^lves deprived of the
powet of doing any thing effectively by the impo-
litic zeal of southern gentlemen. To ihem, there-
fore, I would appeal, (unless, in truth, they are de-
sirous of abandoning the Union,) that they w«uld
so let their moderation be known unto all men,
that the fanatics of the North, as they choose to
call them, may be put in the wrong before the
whole people, so that their own friends here may
have some ground to stand upon.
"I look forwaid with great apprehension to the
time when the North and the South shall be unani-
mously divided with that zeal which may urge each
to action on the subject of slavery. The Union
will not only then be dissolved, but the people on
both sides so exasperated that a furious fanatical
anti-slavery and pro-slavery war will be inevitable.
Men enough will be found to seek to ride upon the
whirlwind and direct the storm in the North as
well as the South, and the Union and the spirit of
Republicanism will expire together amidst throes
and convulsions, which will cover our now beauti-
ful land with desolation. Does the chivalry of the
South desire to point its lance at' the breasts of the
Northern fanatics? When was chivalry a match
for fanaticism? Let the Crusades—let the success
of Cromwell answer. When men already begin
to court dealh in the cause of anti-slavery, as giv-
ing them the crown of martyrdom, (I allude to
Lovejoy, and we understand that another has al-
ready offered himself to share the same fate,) what
may we not expect when patriotism shall arm m
such a cause, and it shall become identified not
merely with the liberty of the. African, but our own
hbeity and prosperity! 'And is it not well to look
around us before we urge each other to this dread
precipice? If there is nothing due to those men at
the North who are lighting up ihis ñame, is there
nothing due to those who aie endeavoring or are
desirous to extinguish it? Is there nothing due to
our common country—to the civilized world, that
this light among the nations should not be extin-
guished, and extinguished in blood? Mr. Calhoun
is reported as having spoken 'with contempt of the
idea of arguing this question with the Abolitionists
by means of a report from a committee.' I ask
him not so to argue with them, but I ask him so to.
argue with those who are not already- with these
men, as to prevent their enlisting under their sable
banners. But if there are any men at the South
who think as some of our Northern men thought
in former days, that our country is 'too big for
union,' and 'that Federalism is founded in mis-
take,' (the sentiments of Fisher Ames, published
by his friends,) to them I have nothing to say, and
of them I have nothing to hope, but that they will
add fuel to the flames until their own people may
be ready to trample upon that Constitution under
which we have so long prospered as a people, and
which, if administered in its true spirit, will insure
domestic tranquillity, promote the general welfare,
and (in the language of its preamble) 'secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity.'
"On this subject may we be advised by the wis-
