62
APPENDIX TO tME CONGRESSIONAL GOLfe
ía&51Í83&
'25th ConG" -2n  Se88.
Mr. Calhoun's Resolutions—Mr. King, CalKnm, Slim.
Senate.
South once believed ihat it was a moral and poli-
tical evil; that folly and delusion are gone; we see
it now in its true light, and regard it as the most
safe and stable basis for free institutions in the
world. It is impossible with us that the conflict
can take place between labor and capital, which
make it so difficult to establish and maintain free
institutions in all wealthy and highly civilized na-
tions where such institutions as ours do not exist.
The Southern States are an aggregate, in fact, of
communities, not of individuals. Every plantation
is a little community, with the master at its head,
who concentrates in himself the united interests of
capital and labor, of which he is the common re-
presentative. These small communities aggregated
make the State in all, whose action, labor, and
capital is equally represented and perfectly harmo-
nized. Hence the harmony, the union, and stabi-
lity of that section, which is rarely disturbed ex-
cept through the action of this Government. The
•blessing of this state of things extends beyond the
limits of the South. It makes that section the
balance of the system; the great conservative pow-
er, which prevents other portions, less fortunately
constituted, from rushing into conflict. In this
tendency to conflict in the North between labor and
capital, which is constantly on the increase, the
weight of the South has and will ever be found on
the Conservative side; against the aggression of
one or the other side, which ever may tend to dis-
turb the equilibrium of our political system. Ttiis
is our natural position, the salutary influence-of
which has thus far preserved, and will long con-
tinue to preserve, our free institutions, if we should
be left undisturbed. Such are the institutions
which these deluded madmen are stirring heaven
and earth to destroy, and which we are called on
to defend by thehighestandmostsolemn obligations
that can be imposed on us as men and patriots.
Mr. KING said that his feelings on this subject
were well understood, and his pesition so well
known, that no man could mistake it. He had
not, therefore, taken any part in the discussion on
the resolutions of the Senator from South Caroli-
na. He had confined himself to a silent vote. He
regretted that he found himself compelled by the
remarks of the Senator (Mr. Calhoun) to say a very
few words in justification of the vote he proposed
to give on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Kentucky. He would enter into no discus-
sion with regard to the condition of the two races;
nor would he inquire whether any or what advan-
tage had resulted from the position they occupy to-
wards each other. It was sufficient for him to
take the institution of slavery as it was; as it exist
ed before the formation of the Constitution, and as
it was recognised and guaranteed by it. There,
said Mr. K. let it rest. Let us alone; we want no
protection; We are every Way competent to pro-
tect ourselves. We deprecate the agitation of this
question from no personal fear. They of the South
could and would protect themselves. Their only
fear was for the Union. That might be destroyed
by this continued intermeddling with rights secured
by the Constitution of our country. Beyond this,
he repeated, they had no fear. We are told, said
Mr. K. by the Senator from South Carolina, that
should we vote for the amendment offered
to this resolution we should yield a vital
principle. To prove the incorrectness of this
assertion had alone induced him to trouble
the Senate with a single remark. Then, sir,
what do ye yield? We yield the peculiar phraseo-
logy employed by the Senator, nothing more; in
every other particular, the amendment is identi-
cally the same with the original resolution. Ex-
amina and compare them, said Mr. K. Does the
original resolution prohibit the reception of peti-
tions on the subject of slavery in this body? No,
sir: there is not one word of prohibition. Does
it present any resistance to abolition in this Dis-
trict on constitutional grounds? It does not. It
declares that all interference with slavery in this
District would be a violation of public faith im-
plied in the cession of Virginia and Maryland.
That it would excite alarm and apprehension, and
produce dangerous consequences in the States
where slavery exists. The amsndment offered by
the Senator from Kentucky declafes the same.
Mr. K. read the amendment offered by Mr.
Clay, and appealed to the Senator from South Ca-
rolina whether it would not be better to adopt that,
than, by adhering to the original resolution, lose the
votes of some gentlemen who were willing to go
with them, but objected to the harshness of its lan-
guage. Why shouM we, asked Mr. K. drive from
us gentlemen who were prepared to go with us,
for the sake only of using strong expressions? He
regretted, Mr. K. said, to have been drawn mto
this discussion. He had voted for the resolutions
that passed, throughout, and had been sorry to see
some of his friends vote against them, because he
believed that they carried out the true principles
of our Government. With respect to the resolu-
tion then before them, he was desirous so to act
as to indues his Northern friends to vote with the
South; and this he did not wish to bring about by
the abandonment of any great principle, but by
such modifications of language as would render it
acceptable to them. Should the adoption of "these
resolutions fail of the effect intended; should these
miserable, deluded men, increase their numbers,
and be able to connect themselves with party poli-
tics, and produce results adverse to the interests of
the section of country from whence he came, all
he could say was, that although he should deeply
deplore it, he was prepared to resist them with as
much firmness as the Senatorfrom South Carolina,
or any man living.
Mr. CLAY said that what had falten from the
Senator from Alabama, (Mr. King) while it had
been heard by him with great pleasure, on account
of its sound good sense and truth, had; at the same
time, greatly superseded the necessity of his saying
much of what otherwise it had been his intention to
have said. He would, however, make a few brief
remarks in reply to Mr. Calhoun's objections.
That gentleman repeatedly urges all the ground is
given up—all is sacrificed—concessions are made,
&c. and he urges against the resolution now before
the Senate that he (Mr. Clay) waives the rights of
the South! But how can this be? Have we not
(said Mr. C.) already passed the first four of the
gentleman's resolutions? Have we not by them
asserted, instead of abandoning, these rights? If I
have abandoned them, he (Mr. Calhoun) has
abandoned them; for I have only voted for these
resolutions, whereas he has framed them. If I
have made concessions, he has made more for this
concession. If I have given up the right of peti-
tion, he has done so too; for he has not once men-
tioned that point in all his four lengthy resolutions;
and, therefore, if I am wrong, he is more in the
wrong; for hitherto I have only followed him in
voting for his resolutions. If I am charged with
waiving the constitutional ground, the charge bears
more strongly against himself, for he has waived it
throughout; he has not. touched upon it; and, more
than that, expressly said, in a speech reported by
himself, that he should not go upon that ground in
order that he might obtain all the votes of those who
only differed on constitutional grounds. All, there-
fore, that the gentleman urges against me, tells with
greatei force against himself; for all that I have
omitted, he set out from the first with declaring it to
be his intention to omit He has omitted it; he has
omitted the right of petition; he hasoraittrd the con-
stitutional ground; and yet lie goes against this re-
solution for no other reason than because of this
same omission! The object Mr. Clay had in view
was to allay excitement, and to avoid creating ene-
mies to the South, by driving our friends into op-
position to us, by any sort of violence or unreason-
able exactions; in a word, not to render them op-
ponents of the institutions of the South, by foicing
them to abandon their principles. Mr. C wished
to leave them ground to stand upon; he did not
wish to take it from under their feet, and thus force
them into an involuntary opposition to the institu-
tion of slavery, which, it appeared to him, was the
tendency of the contrary course.
For this reason Mr. C. was in favor of doing
nothing which would violate the principles of those
who, though they were willing to support Southern
institutions, could not be brought to give up what
they deemed to be high constitutional rights. There-
fore, he (Mr. C.) was in favor of receiving peti-
tions, of referrtogtbremy of acting upon them,  and
thereby quashing them and this agitation forever.
This was the course of Washington «he  Dr.
Franklin presented a petition for the abolittoa of
slavery; it was received; it was referred, l.twas act-
ed on,;andw,hat was the consequence? „,,W Jon-
sequence was, that the whole subject .slept 4, dead
sleep, and was not awakened up until the Missouri
question brought with it all the agitations of that
period. Somehien by exciting too much often lose
everything. lar. C. hoped that the South might
be'iavecl ¡from such'false friends, who often drive
by violence their firmest supporters to become their
opponents, and by intemperate zeal go the way to
endanger those who "but for them would be safe;
without whose zeal they would lose nothing, but by
its intemperance and violence often lose all.
Mr. SEVIER expressed his wish, that as the In-
dians had slaves, and slavery was therefore one of
their domestic institutions, a clause might be intro-
duced to guaranty the perpetuity of slavery among
the Indian tribes.
Mr. NILES then offered an amendment to the
resolution which he supported by reasons in its
favor.
Mr. ALLEN said he was fully satisfied that the
object of both Senators who had brought forward
these resolutions was virtually the same and iden-
tical. He agreed with them both in the object of
presenting to the friends of the Union in non-sláve-
holding States a common ground and foundation
on which they might stand firm and united in re-
sisting the dangerous efforts of the spirit of aboli-
tion. In viewing the original resolution, and com-
paring it with the substitute now proposed "by Mr.
Clay, he felt himself bound to declare,that the ob-
ject in view appeared to himmost ably metby th-j
original resolution of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, (Mr. Calhoun.) This resolution was, in hi<¡
view, a specific, direct, and tangible proposition.
On the contrary, the substitute of Mr. Clay, though
indeed substantially the same, appeared to him
(Me. A ) to cover too much ground, to be spread
over too wide a surface, to be, in a word, historical
and argumentative, rather than a condensed expres-
sion of a clear and definite proposition. In his
judgment, therefore, the substitute now offered
was objectionable; because, from the reasons he
had given, it was more calculated to give rise to
cavil, doubV and controversy, than to answer the
object which both professedly had in view. On this
ground, and for no other reason," he should vote in
favor of the original resolution.- The substitute
was too multifarious and embraced too many dif-
ferent topics; it involved many different questions,
leading to a variety of issues. In thus speaking,
he' (Mr. A ) did not wish to bé understood as dis-
senting from the general doctrines contained in the
substitute of the Senator from Kentucky, (Mr.
Clay.) He (Mr. A.) concurred in the object,
while he differed only in the form. It was very
essential for those who come from the free States
to be placed on such a foundation as to be able to
defend themselves from attacks at home on this irri-
tating subject, and to do this, the simplest and least
involved proposition appeared to him to be pre-
ferable. Such, ia his view, was the original pro-
position, and, therefore, it should still receive his
vote.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays on his
amendment, as modified, -which were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Clay's amend-
ment or substitue, and it was adopted, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Brown, Buchanan",
Clay of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Nile , Pres-
ton, Rives, Robinson, Strange, Tallmadge,Tipton,
White, and Williams—19.
WAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Black, Cal-
houn, Grundy, Huhbard, Lumpkin, Lyon, Nich-
olas, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Walker, Wright,
and Young—18.
The question then occurring on the amendment,
as amended.
Mr. BUCHANAN inquired if the question .was
divisible.
The VICE PRESIDENT seplied ttef,aw itoi|
