68

APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan, 163.8.7
25th Cong--
• •2nd Sess.
Mississippi Election—Mr. Haynes.
H. of Reps.
be made. But even if their guilt should be esta-
blished, on an investigation, no censure can, with
propriety, attach to the Administration for their
unauthorized acts; for if it did, in such a case, and
under such circumstances, no Administration could
ever be sustained.
I pass from this subject, which I view
as of but little importance compated to the
one I now approach—one, sir, that pained me to
hear introduced, and I could but express to my
friends around me the great* mortiacation I felt
■when it was done. I mean the question of Aboli-
tion. At no former period have my feelings been
inore excited than at the attack upon us by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Biddle,) who has
gravely asserted that if the question was ever
brought toa head, the fault rested on our own
¿ houlders, and we were responsible for all the con-
sequences growing out of it. Such a charge I re-
pel, m the same spirit and with the same feeling
with which it was made. I pronounce it illibe-
ral and unjust; and tell the gentleman if that
question be ever brought to a head, it will
be traced to some of his own friends on
this floor, who are presenting, whenever an op-
portunity offers, the most aggravating petitions,
and writing circulars throughout the North, calling
upon the people to hold meetings, with a view of
keeping up the excitement, and for party purposes.
I emphatically tell him, to®, that all these meet-
ings, all these incendiary proceedings, have their
origin with a large portion of that party to which
hi himself is attached, and on the success of which
I now proclaim to this assembly, and to those who
h ;ar me, measurably depend all the hopes of the
Abolitionists. The veil, sir, is torn from them; it
«an be no longer disguised from the country that
they have gone over, in a body, to the Federalists
and Northern United States Bank men, and in the
i ormation of such a trio, the£ look for a triumph,
and the ultimate consummation of their iniquitous
and unholy purposes.
The record of the votes in this body, on every
question touching this subject of agitation and dis-
i\nion, I am proud to say, show where the danger
to the Union and the integrity of the Constitution
lies, and to what source, and to what party, we are
to look for an independent and patriotic purpose in
supporting those guarantees of the Constitution ou
which the permanence and the peace of the Union
depend.
These remarks, it is true, are strong, and they
are uttered with feelings the most ardent. But, sir,
I find a full justification for them in what has been
said by the gentlemen in this debate, ?s well
as from like suggestions and imputations on the
South, which are contained in the leading publica-
tions of the Abolitionists that have been so fre-
quently a d so insultingly sent to me.
But, thank God! the people are awaking from
their slumbers, and becoming aroused to their inte-
rest and'their dangers. Already do we behold the
Republicans in every quarter of the Union once
more uniting, and unfurling their banners with the
great principles of '98 and '09 inscribed upon
them, with a fixed determination to maintain and
defend them, and thereby preserve the Constitution
in its original purity, and perpetuate the Union of
this great Confederacy. The greatest pride and
pleasure of my political life will be to be found in
such ranks and under such banners, struggling
and contending to secure the permanency of such
principles.
I shall proceed now, Mr. Chairman, briefly to
consider the question before us, which is the appro-
priation of one million of dollars to defray the
expenses incurred to prosecute the war in Florida;
and it will be seen, sir, by an examination of the
documents, which have been laid on our tables, that
it is asked by the Government to defray, principally
expenses which have already occured, and pay off
drafts now under protest.
It seems to me, that a moment's reflection should
induce gentlemen to withdraw the objections which
have been urged. Do they consider, or have they
reflected, on the consequences which must ensue, if
this appropriation is withheld? Are they unap-
prised that a large portion of it is absolutely neces-
sary to pay off many of the officers and soldiers,
who with so much patriotism volunteered their ser-
vices for the protection of the Territory, and who
have undergone so many toils and hardships; and
that the little pittance to which they are entitled, is
all essential to enable them to return to their fa-
milies and their homes, and prevent their being
placed in the miserable condition of asking the
charity of their friends?—a condition well calculated
to humble the pride of soldiers, and justly urge
them to complain of the injustice of their Govern-
ment.
May I not further remind the cpmmittee that
a part of this appropriation will also be ap-
plied to the payment of the representatives,
and the widows and' orphans, of those who
bravely fell in battle, and are now entombed
in the wilds of Florida? Shall we, then, with all
these facts before us, reject this bill'! I cannot be-
lieve it; our own character and honor are too deep-
ly involved in the issue to authorize such a belief.
If I am mistaken, however; if my anticipations are
not realized, and the money is withheld and our
troops withdrawn, the sooner it is known the better,
in order that the citizens of the Territory may take
the timely precaution, to ward off, as far as pos-
sible, some of the fatal consequences which would
follow such  a policy.
We are told by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, that he cannot vote for this appropriation,
without showing to what use it is to be applied;
"that the main artery of the Treasury has been
bleeding for a long time, and itonly required a few
gallons more to complete its exhaustion."
It is true the Treasury has been,freely bleá; its
arteries have been opened, and its exhaustion al-
most complete. This is as it should be. Its blood
has been poured out for the preservation of the ho-
nor of the Government; and I am willing, and shall
rejoice to see Uie last drop exhausted, if it be neces-
sary to close the arteries and stop the further effu-
sion of the blood of our own citizens, and.restore
peace and security to an agitated aud suffering peo-
ple.
These are considerations of the highest and first
importance; and in the estimation of their value I
am not prepared to make the calculation in dollars
and cents, but am ready to afford all the facilities
required by the Government, and arm it with the
necessary power to enforce your violated treaties,
and reduce to submission a merciless and lawless
foe. To effect these important objects, and lestore
peace, the Government is particularly anx-'ous.
Furnish the means,and, my life onit,all will ho ac-
complished! Such a course will be approved by a
brave and generous people, and duly appreciated
by those who are so deeply and immediately inte-
rested in the result.
In conclusion I will only say, so far as ^mr
national honor is concerned, and about wheh
much has been said, that I have no fears of its
suffering whilst it remains in the custody of those
to whom it is now confided; and as to the distin-
guished individual who at this time presides ever
the Department of "War, the history of his whole
public life furnishes sufficient evidence to show
that it ever has been, and still is, identified with the
interest, the glory, and honor of his country.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.
REMARKS OF MR. HAYNES,
Of Georgia,
In the House of Representatives, January 31, 1838—.
On the Mississippi Election.
Mr. HAYNES said that he had risen yesterday
to address himself briefly to the House, after the
claimant (Mr. Prentiss) had taken the floor, belt
that gentleman, not knowing it was his desire to
speak, did not yield to him ; that he had offered to
give him an opportunity to speak this morning, but
anxious as he was that the question should be taken
as early as practicable, he declined the offer, re-
serving to himself the right to speak if the discus-
sion should be protracted. An attempt to bring
the debate to a close by the previous question ha\r-
inf  failed, he now rose to give his views to the
House as succinctly as possible. That there need not
be any apprehension that he was about to inflict a
long-winded speech upon the patience of the House.
It was not his habitto do so. But as he had taken
soma part in the discussion oí the question at the
extra session of Congress, justice -to himself re-
quired that he should again express his views upo 
it. When the subject was then under considera-
tion, he brought to it the exercise of his under-
standing and his judgment, as free from the extra-
neous influence of party-feeling as it was possible
for him to have done; and as% all the reflection he
had since been able to give-it had, but strengthened
and confirmed the convictions which he then enter-
tained, it was peculiarly proper that he should
once more express them. He said, in lan-
guage familiar to every member of the legal pro-
fession, that the whole merits of the question might
be-compressed within a nut shell. The only facts
which entered into it, at all pertinent to a just de-
cision, were, did the Governor issue his writ of elec-
tion, and were the'Sittirig members returned by a
majority of the votes of the people of -Mississippi
acting in pursuance of it. Could it be necessary
to adduce ptoof of the existence of facts so Well'
knovvn and admitted? Most certainly it could not.
Having then stated alt the facts which he consi-
dered pertinent and material to the issue, he would
try them by the' provisions.of the Constitution,
under which elections of this House were to be
conducted. And before doing so, he would,ob-
serve, that much of the difficulty under which some
gentlemen seemed lo laborío applying that clause.of
the Constitution which confers, upon the States the
power to fix "the times, places, and manner of
holding elections for Senators and Representa-
tives," had arisen from not taking, m connection
with it, the clause which confers upon Congress the
power, "by law, [to] make or alter such regula-
tions, except as to the places of choosing Sena-
tors;" and that which provides, "When vacancies
happen in the representation from any State, the
Executive authority thereof shall issue writs of
election to fill such vacancies." When all thestt
clauses are collated with each other, there is the
most perfect harmony between them. In a Go-
vernment constituted like ours, of separate and
equal sovereignties, resting upon the will of the peo-
ple, it was especially fit and proper that the power
should be conferred.upon them to fix the "times,
places, and manner," of choosing their Senators and
Representad vés in the Federal Legislature. • But for
the preservation of the Government instituted by
the Federal Convention, it was as proper that Con-
gress itself should possess a final and supervisory
power upon the subject. To provide against every
possible and conceivable contingency, a further
power was conferred upon the Governors ot the
respective States to order vacancies in their repre-
sentation to be filled. Thus, taking these clauses
in connection, there was not only no conflict, but
the most perfect harmony between them. ' It was
unnecessary to go into the. various subtleties with
which the House had been entertained upon the
subject of vacancy, or what does, or what does
not, constitute such vacancy as is contemplated in
the Constitution, or the various modes in which it
may "happen."
He-should not trouble the House or himself xvith '
hair-splitting, philological distinctions, drawn either
from authority of members of this House/or by
lexicographers, ajpout the meaning of the word
"happen," or whether, or not,-the term "representa-
tion" was taken in one restricted sense or another.
He should look to the question alone in its broad
constitutional aspect. To enable the House pro-
perly to estimate the meaning and intent of the Fe-
deral Convention in the clauses of the Constitution
bearing upon the subject now before it, it was
necessary to revert to the history of that instru-
ment. It was adopted by the Convention in
1789, and reported, by its order, to the' Con-
gress of the Confederation,' to be submitted by '
that body to the States for their ratification.'
Having been ratified by the requisite number of
States, the respective ratifications were returned to
Congress that it might take order for putting the
new Government into operation. By the Constitu-
tion the Presidential term was fixed at four, the Se-
natorial at six, and the Representative at two, years,-
