Jan. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th ConG""2nd Sess.
Mr. Calhoun's Resolutions—Mr. Buchanan, Clay.
69
Senate.
'It then only remained for the old Congress to fix
the day when these respective terms should com-
mence, to fix with equal certainty their respective
terminations. Congress did pass an ordinance
that Presidential electors should be chosen on the
first Wednesday in January, and should meet and
give their votes on the first Wednesday in Februa-
ry, 1789, and that the new Government should
commence its operations on the first Wednesday,
which was the fourth day of March, 1789. It is,
then, from the fourth of March, 1789 the re-
spective terms of four years for the President
and Vice President, of six years for the Senators,
and of two years for the Representatives, were,
under the Constitution, madeto commence running.
But to enable us to arrive at a clear and just con-
clusion, it is necessary to consider that, in institut-
ing this House, with which part of the Constitu-
tion alone are we now concerned, the convention
instituted a perpetual office? Will any one attempt
to deny ii? As it cannot be denied, even in this day
of lautudinarian construction, he did not believe
that any one would attempt to deny it. What then
■was the undeniable inference from the establish-
ment of the perpetuity of the representative
■office'? That it implies, and nothing can gain-
say or resist the implication, perpetual succes-
sion. Can argument be necessary to sustain such
a position? Not unless it can be first shown that,
in framing the Federal Constitution, our fathers did
not intend to institute a perpetual Government.
This brings us to the important, and in this case
the vital, consideration, what constitutes a vacancy
in ihi meaning of the Constitution? To this there
seemed, to his mind, to be but one possible or
practicable answer: that as the framers of the Con-
stitution instituted a perpetual Government, of
which perpetual succession was an inevitable ele-
ment, that whenever such succession shall be
broken, no matter by what means such breach of
succession may " happen," there isa vacancy.
It was not in the vain reliance on his own logi-
cal powers, but the unanswerable argument con-
tained in the Constitution itself, that he asserted,
•with a confidence that nothing could shake, that
the position he had taken was impregnable. If he
was correct, and that he was so he .had not the
slightest doubt, he might assert, as he did fearlessly
assert, that there was a vacancy " in the represen-
tation" of the Stale of Mtsissippi when the Gover-
nor issued his writ of election in June, 1837. If
he was disposed to make nice and cavilling distinc-
tions, he might call the attention of the House to
the remarkable coincidence between the terms of the
Constitulion and the condition of Mississippi at the
time the Governor of that State issued his writ of
election.
The Constitution requires the Governor to issue
•a writ of election when a vacancy shall exist in
^'ihe representation" of a State. What is the re-
presentation of a State? The whole number of
membets to which such State may be entitled in
this House, and not any single representative from
such State, unless a State is entitled to but a single
representative. The phrase "representation from
any State," is as broad and comprehensive here as
the term House applied to this body. There was,
then, a state of circumstances in Mississippi most
apt and fitting to call into exercise the power of her
Governor to order an election to fill "vacancies"
in her "representation" at the time his writ was
issued for that purpose. But we have been
told that the Constitution has conferred upon
the States the power to fix "the times, places,
and manner of holding elections for Senators and
Repveseii'ativcs," ant' that the right and duty of
the Governor to order the vacancy in question fo
be filled, conflicts with, and overturns, the power
the confened upon the States. That the "times,
places and manner of holding elsctions" having been
given lo the S'ates, subject only to the supervision
of Congress, would be rendered entirely nugatory,
if a State having postponed an election beyond the
commencement of the representative term, the Go-
vernor might declare a vacancy, and order an elec-
tion to fill it. And to sustain this argument, we
have referred to the debates of the several State con-
ventions, by which the Constitution was ratified.
There   is    more   than   one   answer    to   this.
The first is, that these discussions turned upon the
proper distribution of power between the States and
the Union upon this subject; upon what ought to be
the measure of jurisdiction of the one and of the
other in regard to Congressional elections. The
question of the powers conferred upon, and the du-
ties required of, the Governors of the States to cause
vacancies to be filled, did not enter into the discus-
sion, the more especially as the latter was also a
power conferred upon the respective States. The
second, and to my mind conclusive, answer is,
that the whole disccssion had reference to the
period at which the Senatorial and Representative
terms should respectively commence. The com-
mencement of those terms, as I have shown, was
not fixed until after the discussions to which I have
adverted, and were then made to commence on
the 4th day of March, 1789. In this view of
the subject, (and he believed it was the correct
one,) there can be no violation oí the power vested
in the States in construing the Constitution as he
had construed it, and, instead of conflict between
its provisions, the most perfect harmony exists. If
the Legislatures of the several States have failed to
exercise their constitutional powers according to the
mtent and meaning of the instrument conferring
them, he would not construe the instrument in such
a manner to cover their omission as to defeat the
great purposes of its framers. If he had shown
that the Constitution instituted a perpetual Govern-
ment ; that perpetual succession is its, indispensable
element; that the representative term of two years
commenced on the 4th of March, 1789, and closes
biennially at the corresponding period with its com-
mencement, (and he confidently believed he had
done so,) who will be bold enough to deny that a
vacancy existed in the " representation" of the
State of Mississippi when the election was ordered
by the Governor to fill that vacancy in June, 1837?
He would add one word more upon this branch
of the subject. Every one must admit that the re-
presentative term is for two years, no more and no
¡ess, and that it first commenced running on the
4th of March, 1789. What, then, is the conse-
quence of the doctrine that a State may postpone
her Congressional election, at pleasnre, to any
day beyond the commencement of that term?'
That, in reality, the term, intended by the
Constitution to cover just two years, may
be contracted to any and every fraction of
that period. If such a construction should prevail,
not only would the perpetuity of succession be de-
stroyed, but the perpetuity of the Government in
one of its most essential branches, also, as designed
by the framers of the Constitution. He might further
illustrate his argument, by adverting to the fact,
that the Presidential office has not only been al-
ways considered as petpetual, but perpetuity of
succession has been preserved in it. It is no an-
swer to say that the necessity of the case has made
it so, and that such constant necessity does not
exist in regard to the two Houses of Congress.
Those two branches of the Government are as
essential, he would add, more essential, than the
Executive; and to make the Government, what it
was intended to be, perpetual, it is necessary that
similar perpetuity of succession should be pre-
served them.
We have heard much said of the limitation in
the writ of election issued by the Governor of Mis-
sissippi, requiring the vacancy to be filled for the
extra session alone. To arrive at a just decision
upon it, it is necessary to recur for a moment to the
deriod ol the representative term. That term, as
we have shown, is for two years. What power
does the Constitution confer upon the Governor in
relation to it? The power to cause " vacancies" to
be filled. As the term is for two years, it follows
as an unavoidable consequence that a vacancy hap-
pening must run through the remainder of it.
What is the power of the Governor on the subject?
As just stated, it is to cause " vacancies" lo be
filled, and goes not one step further. The Consti-
tution itself, in fixing the term, fixes necessarily
the extent of the vacancy. The only question with-
in the cognisance of the Governor is, does a vacan-
cy exist? It is easy to illustrate this by a well
established principle, applying to all tribunals
whatever.   That a judgment upon a matter within
the jurisdiction of such tribnnal shall not bé, vi
tiated by its going farther, and attempting to adju-
dicate another question foreign to, and beyond, its
jurisdiction. The Governor of Mississippi had
constitutional jurisdiction of the question of vacan-
cy or no vacancy; but in going beyoni it,. aa<J en-
deavoring to decide the term for which that vacan-
cy should run, his decision that there was a vacan-
cy cannot be vitiated by it.
Pressed by the anxiety of the House to take the
question,"although he had Httfe more than stated
the argument/which governed his own'conclusion,
that the sitting members are most clearly entitled to
their seats, he was done.
MR. CALHOUN'S RESOLUTIONS.
DEFERRED DEBATE.
In Senate, Wednesday, January 11,1838.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. Calhoun on the 27ih
December, in relation to domestic slavery, the
question being on the second branch of Mr. Clay's .
substitute to the fifth resolution, which had been
struck out yesterday, and reinstated on Mr. Bu-
chanan's motion, as follows:
Resolved, That it would be highly inexpedient to
abolish slavery" in florida, the only Territory,of
the United States in which it now exists, because of
the serious alarm and just apprehensions which
would be thereby excited in the States sustaining
that domestic institution; because the people of that
Territory have not asked it to be done, and, when
admitted as a State into the Union, will be exclu-
sively entitled to decide that question for them-
selves ; and, also, because it would be in violation
of a solemn compromise, made at a memorable
and critical period in the history of this country,
by which, while slavery was prohibited north, it
was admitted south of the line of thirty-six de-
grees and thirty minutes north latitude; and, also,
against the treaty stipulation with Spain of 22d
February, 1819, which guaranties the right of pro-
perty-                                       , ,       .  .
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that, in pursuance
of the pledge given by him last evening, he felt
himself bound to bring forward the second branch
of Mr. Clat's amendment, which had been struck
out on his motion, and to leave it as he found it.
g. had therefore done so, but he did not thereby
mean to say that' he was in favor of every part of
the resolution. He had simply restored it to the
place where it was, and he left it to its friends, or
rather to the parents of the bantHng, the Senators
from Kentucky and Alabama.
Mr CLAY said that at the desire of the Senator
from Arkansas, (Mr. Sevier,) he had introduced
two different subjects into this resolution, one re-
latin" to the treaty of 1819, the other respecting
slavery among the Indian tribes. He confessed,
however, that he could not perceive any reasona-
ble ground for introducing the latter topic. He
d¡d not for himself deem it to be expedient tnat we
should trouble ourselves about the domestic insti-
tutions of the poor Indians, and volunteer m this
particular to preserve their rights.
Mr C. would only say, that he heartily wished
the rights of these unfortunate beings had been
regarded with equal zeal in other matters, and that
the v had been as much protected where they wanted
protection, as in this case, in which   might be pro-
bable they desired it not. They certainly had
few slaves, if any; if, however they were slave-
holders no one vet had thought of abolishing it
•unon-Abem. The Abolitionists hal not, as far
as heknew, addressed to them any petitions on the
&UMerCt*C therefore thought that that portion of the
resolution which related to slavery among the In-
dian tribes had better be altogether omitted. His
object by the resolution was, to embody m one
view as far as possible, every consideration which
ou«h't to be regarded as of sufficient force and va-
lidity to oppose any interference on the part of
Congress with the subject of slavery, and whatever
would not be generally assented to as a valid and
undisputed ground for non-interference, he  had
