Jan. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<w*
25th Cono--"2nd Sess.
Mr. Calhoun's Resolutions—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
the w::e question of abstract power,Mr. C. thought
"the Senate from South Carolina would not declare
that it would be unconstitutional for Congress to
abolish slavery in the District or Territories. The
power, like many others, was not to be exercised,
on high considerations, amounting in the District to
the plighted faith of the Government, during the
existence of a state of things which put a restriction
on the exercise of the power; but when that state of
things should no longer exist, the power might be
exercised. So as to Florida: the power exÍ5ted,
but, for high considerations, was not to be exer-
cised.
The Senator objects because Florida alone is
embraced by the resolution. We have stricken
out the Indians, regarding them as perfectly safe.
And what other Territory than Florida is there in
which slavery exists? I framed the resolution as
it is, because there is no other such Territory.
There are many who send petitions here that ap-
pear to be ignorant of this fact, that there is but
one such Territory. I wanted them to know that
there is but one. If the Senator from South Caro-
lina will point out any other Territory in which
slavery exists, I will add it lo the resolution; but I
am opposed to leaping ever beyond what is neces-
sary. And I wish also to announce to the whole
world that all this noise about slavery in the Terri-
tories of the United States, relates only to Florida,
where the circumstances in favor of the existence
of slavery are strosger than any where else in the
country.
Then thejiSenator thinks the tone of the reso-
lution is not strong enough. Perhaps he would
say that, as slavery is represented as a moral evil,
as sinful, we ought to take the opposite ground, and
maintain that slavery is not sinful, but in confor-
mity with religion; and he thus maintain the one
side, and they the other. And then, he says, the
Abolitionists will present a number of questions,
which he enumerated. Sir, suppose you should
declare slavery accords with the Declaration of
Independence, and that it is consistent with every
high and holy principle, would it make any con-
verts'? Sir, I want to do nothing to aggravate
this spirit at the Norlh, and to increase the Aboli-
tionists. I want to prevent the residue of the North
from going over to join them. There lies our dan-
ger, and there, also, are we to look for safety.
The Senator's resolutions are all sound; but there
will nothing be gained by them of safety to the
cause, or of permanency to the Union. These are
great objections. It is well that our language
should be firm, maintaining our rights; but let us
avoid exasperating and irritating language.
The Senator speaks of the compromise on the
Missouri question, and refers to the course of a
distinguished member from Virginia, who was
present on that memorable occasion. There were
two compromises: the first was, that when the bill
passed, authorizing the State to form a separate
Government for itself, for admission into the
Union. It was then that 36° 30' was fixed as the
line of separation. But after the State was ad-
mitted into the Union, she introduced a clause into
her Constitution, by which free persons of color
were not to remain within Missouri. There was
the great point of difficulty which shook tke Union
with more alarm than any thing I have seen, from
that day to this. It was that compromise for which
I understood the Senator he would not now have
voted.
[Mr. Calhoun* was understood to assent.]
No one (said Mr. Clay) was anxious to have
slavery ex.st north of ¡hat line, except in Missouri.
With ths second question came the great struggle;
and I should not refer lo the part taken by Mr.
Randolph, whose death I sincerely deplored, if it
had not been referred to by the Senator. But I
feel compelled to say that at the second compro-
mise, in which nothing was sacrificed by the
slaveholding States, and in which a mere matter
of form was conceded to the free States, which ad-
mitted them a ground to stand on at home, the
course of that distinguished member from Virginia
came nearer hazarding the Union than any other
event in our history. He was opposed to all com-
promises; and I recollect that when the second
compromise was under discussion, I was in the
chair, and another member from Virginia fainted
under the influence of the fumes of the lamps.
He was taken to a back seat, and I went to see
how he was; but observing that his case was
not dangerous, and that he" would soon reco-
ver, on my return to the Speaker's chair I met
the gentleman from Virginia,. who, not hav-
ing spoken with me before, said, " How do
you do, sir; I wish you would go with me
to Kentucky." I understood him, and that he
proposed in this manner a separation of the South-
ern delegation, retiring from Congress, and leaving
the North in possession of the Government. I re-
plied, "Not now, but I will see you to-morrow
morning." In the morning I spent an hour with
him, in which he urged me to make no compro-
mise, even provided. gentlemen would grant us
every thing we wanted, in return for giving the
North ground to stand on. We parted, promising
to be friends in future; and to the end of the session
he never spoke to me again. The two words [dough
(áffle) faces] with which that gentleman rated and
taunted our Northern friends, did more injury than
any two words I have ever known. Sir, I hope
no similar course will be pursued by any one at
the present day, in respect to any portion of the
delegation of the country. And, sir, I tell the Se-
nator, that I think if he Would deal more calmly
with all parts of the Union, and say to them that
the South are animated to a man on this subject,
and would vindicate their rights; if he would turn
to the quarter where the blaze is, and endeavor to
extinguish the flame, and not to aggravate it; if he
would unite with us, to bring the whole country to-
gether as in one band of brethren in the same pub-
lic vessel, I think the result would be more happy.
Mr. CALHOUN replied that the Senator from
Kentucky, (Mr. Clay,) must know that he refer-
red to the compromise alluded to in the amendment,
which limited the boundary of the slaveholding
States in the West to thirty-six degrees thirty mi-
nutes. He made no allusion, nor expressed any
opinion on the second compromise, on which the
Senator dwelt so long; nor was it necessary on the
present occasion to do so; nor did he intend to
approve of the language used by Mr. Randolph on
the occasion to which the Senator referred; for no-
thing would be more injust than to apply it.on the
present occasion. He believed that most of the
Senators from the non-slaveholding States had
gone as far as they could consistently with their
opinion of what was due to the feelings and tem-
per of those they represented. He asked them not
to go further. His object was to see how far
they believed they might safely advance, on con-
stitutional grounds, in taking a stand against agi-
tators.
The first four resolutions were well sustained,
although they took the highest constitutional
ground; but on the fifth, which involved the same
principles with the preceding, he regretted to say,
there has been a giving away. The constitutional
ground is abandoned,and that of mere inexpedien-
cy substituted. But in this he saw no change of
opinion on the part of those Senators from the non-
slaveholding States, who had so firmly stood by
him on the first four resolutions. He attributed it
wholly to a deference to their constituents, and it
was that which so deeply impressed him with the
diseased state of the public sentiment in that sec-
tion, and the extent of the danger to which the
country is exposed.
The Senator from Kentucky asserted that my
fifth resolution abandoned the constitutional ground
as to this District and the Territories, and asks if
tbere is any one who denies the right of Congress
to abolish slavery here, or in the Territories. Yes,
(said Mr. C.) he denied it, and also that the fifth
resolution abandoned the constitutional ground, as
asserted by the Senator. So far from that, it
placed the protection of slave property here under
precisely the ame constitutional guaranty, that the
first four placed it in the States. In a word, it
placed slavery here, and in the Territories, under
the shield of all the slaveholding States, where
alone it can be safely placed, and that on princi-
ples which he held to be impregnable. The first
four resolutions taken together, asserted the broad
principle of non-interference by a State, or States,
or their citizens, with- the domestic institutions of
other States; and that this great principle of non-
interference, is particularly applicable to the insti-
tution of domestic slavery as it existe in the
South. These have been voted by-large majorities,
andaré therefore folly established, -asr faras they
can be by the vote of this body. Tte Senator
from Kentucky will not then" deny ifyís great'ccmr
stitutional principle oí aonritít?rféj¿nce, . -which
lies at the bottom of our pdliticaí institutions.'
Now, sir, what did my fifth resolution, which
has been struck out to make room for the Senator's
amendment, assert? It declares that the'attempt
of any State, or States, or their citizens, or any- act
of this Government, to abolish slavery in this Dis-
trict, or the Territories, or the Government, that it
is sinful, immoral, or otherwise obnoxious, isa
dangerous attack on the domestic institutions of
all the slaveholding States. Will the Senator dsny
this'? Will he deny that the abolition of slavery
here, or in the Territories, or an attempt to abolish
it, with the avowed object, of effecting its; abolition
in the States, is a dangerous attack on. the domestic
institutions of slavery in all the slaveholding
States—a dangerous intermeddling with those in-
stitutions within the meaning of the first four
resolutions, and, consequently, in violation of
the fundamental principles of the Constitution, and
subversive of the entire fabric of our political in-
stitutions! The next great constitutional principle
on which he relied, is that of equaiity between the
States, and non-discrimination on the pari: of this
Government bettveen the States, in reference to
their domestic institutions, which applies to the le-
gislation over this District and the Territories, as well
as to the States themselves. To suppress the do-
mestic institution of slavery in this District, or in
Territories where it may exist, would be di-
rectly contrary to the equality between the slave-
holding and non-slaveholding States as members of
the Union, and injurious and insulting to the for-
mer, and a palpable violation of one of the great
fundamental principles of our system. He held it
as incontrovertible, that no member of this body,
whatever may be his private opinions as to the cha-
racter of the domestic institutions of any of the
States, had, acting in his official character, any
right whatever to discriminate between that of one
section and another, to the prejudice df either, in
reference to their peculiar ^institutions-.'' Ait are to
be equally regarded and' respected. The, opposite
course would destroy all equality between the dif-
ferent members of the Confederacy, would sow the
seeds of discord, and, in the end, destroy the Union
itself.                                                   .        '
These two great principles, non-interference and
non-discrimination, are, as he has often said," the
basis of his resolutions; and they confprehended all,
District and Territories, as well as the States them-
selves. These were broad, and deeply seated in
the Constitution, and no member has ventured to
deny them. Our salvation depended on preserving
them inviolate. These, he would repeat, were the
high constitutional grounds assumed in his fifth *
resolution, which had been surrendered for inexpe-
diency! The Senator from Kentucky" tells us, if
should meet the Abolitionists on these grounds we
must come to a direct issue. That is what he
desired. He sought a plain and direct issue on
constitutional principles, not with them, but in this
body; and such an issue was the only safe and solid
ground on which the Senators even from the non-
slaveholding States can meet Abolition at home.
The Senator from Michigan (Mr. Norvell) has
boldly and nobly told you that it is the only ground
on which he can meet it, and that if you should
substitute inexpediency for the Constitution, you
would compel him to go against the resolution.
The Senator is right. The Constitution, no inter-
ference, no discrimination. These are the grounds
on which the battle may be safely fought. You
must tell these deluded fanatics you have no right
to intermeddle in. any form or shape, and that
while you accuse others of sin and immorality,
you yourselves are guilty Of both in such intermed-
dling. Inexpediency! Think of ,the folly of at-
tempting to resist the powerful'impulses that urge
them on to the work of destruction with so feeble a
■word!   You might as well think of extinguishing a.
