n
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
teB I8É8.
25th Co\G""2nd SeiS.
Suppression of Indian kostüiHes—Mr. Bynum.
H. of Rfeps.
fair to infer that their puipose was to satisfy and
tranquilare public opn.ior. in that portion of the
Union. He had voted for thern, with pleasuie,
tinder this belief, and he li usted that our friends
in the South would now be convinced that we vv cie
ready to stand by them in. the assertion and main-
tenance ot all their constitutional rights over their
slaves
Mr. B said that these resolutions could not aid
him at home. There the battle had been alieady
fought, and what part he had taken in it two years
ago, was well known to every man in the coun-
try who had thought his humble caieer worthy of
any observation He was fully convinced that
the piotracted discussion of the abolition question
here at this time could do the fuends ot the Union
in the North little, if anv good, he wished he were
convinced that it would do them no harm This
was the great centre of agnation. When it was
commenced here, its banelul influence must spread
over the whole Union. Deeply impressed with the
belief, he had for two years, when abolition memo-
rials were presented, umfoimly voted in favor of
such a disposition of them as would pre\ em use-
less and dangerous discussion upon thistheatie
He hoped he could not now be misuiuleistood b)
the Senator from South Carolina
After some remarks from Messis. HUBBARD
and WALKER,
Mr CALHOUN said, that m compliance with
the urgent wishes of his friends, rathei than with
his own judgment, he would consent to vote for the
resolution as amended It Ind undergone impor-
tant modifications, making it out stronger than at
first, but yet it was still very feeble, and not at all
suited to the occasion.
On taking the question to agiee to the resolution
as modified in the lollowing form
Resolved, That any attempt of Congress to
abolish slaveiy m any Temtwy of the United
States, in which it exists, would create serious
alarm and just apprehension in the States sustain-
ing that domestic institution; would be a violation
of good faith towards the inhabitants oí any such
Territory who have been permitted to settle wi th,
and hold slaves therein, because the peoplt of an;
suchTeintory have not asked ior the abolition of
slavery theiein, and because, «hen any such Ter-
ritory shall be admitted into the Union is a State
the people thereof will be entitled to decide tint
question exclusively for themselves
It was determined in the «flirm Ui\e-—jci 35,
nays 9, as follow s
YE4.S—Messrs Allen, Bayard, Benion, Black,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay ol Alabama,
Clay of Kentucky, Ciittendeu, Cuthberf, Tulton,
Giundy, Hubbard, King, Tumpkm, Lyon, Mei-
nck, Nicholas, Nilcs, Norvell, Pierce, Preston,
Rives, Roan, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connec-
ticut, Strange, Tipton, Walker, White, Williams,
Wright, and Young—3r>
NAYS—Messrs Clayton, Davis, Kniidit, Mc-
Kean, Prentiss, Robbms, Smith of indiana, ími ifr,
and Webster—9
So the resolution, as amended, was agrcd to
The Senate then adjouired
REMARKS OF MR. BYMJM,
Ot   North Caioiina,
Jnthe Houie of Repesen'allies, Januaiy 24, 183^—
On the bill making a p una! appropriation  te r
the suppression of Indian hostilities tor the >etr
1838
Mr BYNUM rose and sfid lie felt it a duty
which he owed to the House, the country, and par-
ticularly to that party to which he ha 1 the honor t >
belong, to offei some response to the remai Ks ol the
honorable gentlemen who had addiessed the Ilonsi
in oppos ¡ion to the h 11 which was th^n sibmut d
for the consideration oí the committee I1 1 <i I
heretofore been p°rf*ctiy silent on every sublet
that had any reía on to the ptosccution ol th<- dif-
ferent campaigns m Florida, by th s and the former
Administration, but -unce me remarks of an hono
rabie gentleman who sat on his left (Mr. Bi ix, or
Tennessee) he felt as though he might be justlj
considered derelict in his duty here, and shrinking
from íesponbibili y, ¡o suflcr longer such lemj'ks
to pa s unito'tced
Tint honoiable member, m opposing this bill, as
he undeistood him, in an air of triumph asked the
gentleman liom New York (Mr Cambrlleno) if
he was not ashamed to be under the necessity of
getting men belonging to an opposite party (allud-
ing to (Sen. Thompson and Mr. Downing) to de-
fend the measures of the Admimsti auon'
This way, said jlr B. that gentlemen had of
putting such questions, could be retorted in a most
caustic and coiling- maimer to that gent'eman, if
gentlemen should feel disposed to apply it on that
occasion, as the shame might be lound to cast m
another quartei, but he w mild disdain to bandy epi-
thets there or elsewhere with that gentleman, as
being unpti hamentary, unargumtntative, and im-
plying nothing lie would, however, as far as
his feeble abilities peimitted, proceed to notice the
character of the opposition to the present bill.
Had he not, said Mr B in the course of hit, life,
had an oppoitumty to turn occasionally over fna
mouldering p-ij¡«s ol history, and listened to the sto-
nes ot tradition he would have been Mirpnsed,
astonished, it not astounded, at the exttaordmaiy
opposition to tue pi sent bill befoie the committee,
and should have n ad and have listened tolhbsc sto-
nes to but huh prolil, had not those lessons taught
him to know something ol the ranci  and disas-
tums (ffects of a factious pmty spsnt, that could see
nothing good but wh it emanated from ib> own par-
ty's pollutions líe fell humiliated, too, at the ic-
fleohon, as it «entf.ii, very far, lo realize the
anticipations, and venlv the predictions, of the ene-
mies of all fiee Democratic Republican Govern-
ments that ever existed, and as n would be hailed
as a °ignal triumph by the iriends ol monaichical,
arbittary, and despotic Governments throughout the
woild, who had eithci wntlcn or spoken on the
subject
Sir, (said Mr. B ) we are only about to tiavel
the road, chalked out by the history of former Re-
publics, sriim^ it defiance alike the lessons of
experience mid the plainest chelates of common
sense tuche ishingthisfooh-hrancorof party spirit,
v t are too apt to lo e sip hi of that paramount
inteiest, the puMi< hoi d Such had been the fatal
Inlelnl lock upon whuh he believed every lonner
Rppulilii In 1 bien wrecked It was by steeling
char ol tliisn, |t|at we could with any degno of
ci itamty calcúlale upon the peipctiimon an i pre-
siivilion ol cur mm free msiitiitions Theie
were few men in orotitol that House, more de-
voted to paitj thxn hf was, but as much as he
professed o love his party, he could m i foi a mo-
ment cease to h \y h s country beltet, nor could he
tora moment sippoitany paity that permitted
itself directly or jndneetly lo be Ihiown mto con-
flict with the hesl interests of the country
¡sir, what were (he objections to fiee Democratic
Republ cs, ur'cd with so much fence and pi uisibili-
ty by the ad o i s oí dehpotisms and monarchies
throughout the old woill? Had tin 5 nite er been
levelled agin t the inclfcicnoy ol then L^ccuuvc
d< pirtment, piuictihily and eminently so m times
ol war5 Haw th y not ptoven this defect in all
populai Gov i mi'nts, whether ancient or modern,
by a jmi 1111u k of examples quoted from bold eras,
and wii i! w '-.ihe ii'pi pt then mad' by the honoi-
ab'f ,'entle neti, w ho h id opposed tic passige of
the bill v. th so truth vehemence, but lo re ili7e by
a most p >wf i nl (lemonsiiation the prognostications
ol tli< Piiemiisol illlrer Democratic Governments,
by ciipphng the i m of the Executive department
in w th'iol ling tne ,iippl es necessary lo the sub-
siste ice of mu v i1 ant little armies, now figníin¿
the ' i ti< s o> inci cuntt>, amidst eyery dtpriva-
l nn aid vv nit in ident to savage warfare, am dst
fore Is in ' c s hi cito unknown to cinli/ed
m in It v sor -"i et the very sene th it had
bnen f le c it o the * iveisjun of all an i nt re-
po j> ic -1! ' n n^ht jiopulir G H'crnmerits into
d reput", iciii nit t ¡e pn ic p'e that the Oppo-
m ic « |i i p i t i f cct by the l ejection oí the
I) 11 c n j on- i le "U j. old boastel much ol our
experience f the cm - ol the fanurcs of ancient
c' niocraf íes nc' oí to intelligence of the age, to
justify us m ,i1P j ebef that wecmld continue to
preserve our present form of Government,     Bat
were we not about to follow the very Example* that
had proven so fatal to all similar Governments?
He thought unquestionably we were, and this, too,
by permitting the Legislative to interfere with and
usurp the Executive department, and to cripple its
efficiency.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
(Mr Biddue) had protested that he would not vote
a dollar for the prosecution of the War in Florida,
until sufficient evidence was produced to him that
it was necessary, and another gentleman had spoken
of the recall of our troops, dr a part of them. Sir,
is this not tampering too much with the Executive
branch of this Government? Is it not an attempt
to usurp the power that belongs exclusively to that
department, given it by the Constitution' He
warned gentlemen, in their blind party zeal, not
to foiget what appropriately belonged to the de-
partment lo which they themselves were attached.
It was a flagrant violation of the Constitution and
a usurpation of the rights of the Executive, as
well as of the people, to be continually interfering
with the rights and duties of that department.
Perhaps there was no maxim of a free constitu-
tional Government established with a greater una-
nimity of sentiment by the lovers of constitutional
freedom throughout the world, than that the Execu-
tive, Judicial, and Legislative Departments of Go-
vernment should be kept perfectly separate and dis-
tinct, equally free and independent of each other,
while alt should bear iheir equal proportion of re-
sponsibility to the great body of the people; and for
di Legislative to take one atom of responsibility
liom the Exeouhve, would destroy that beauty and
symmetry, upon which the safety of the whole
fabric ol our Government was so pre-eminently
depende nl, and he would assure gentlemen, that
vvhenevci they did succeed in battering down
that department, would fall with it the libertiesof this
nation, gieat as it was, and greater, as it might be.
If any there had taken such a stand, he would ask
him to lc-examme his position and hasten to ¡etrace
his step^
Mr B said that the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia (Mi Biddii) has distinguished himself most
sig.ially by his attacks at this and the preceding
sessions cm the Executive, and had been most reck-
!( ss, he though", m his unmeasured denunciations
He hil dragged into that discussion, with what
pi ot i icty he (Mr B ) was not then able to see, the
illustnous name of General Jackson, our venera-
ble ex-President and hid assailed in most violent
teims the conduct of that veteran statesman and
soldier He would have thought the peculiar situ-
ation in which that gentleman stood towards Gen
Jackson, as a matter of delicacy, should have re-
strained him particulatly from an attack on his
repufation, but it did not Nothing, it seemed,
could stay the uplifted arm ot that gentleman
against the reputation of tbe mighty conqueror of
our savage foe and illustrious Hero of Orleans.
Sir, (haul he) let me tell that honorable gentleman,
with all possible deierence, that his aitack upon
the reputation of Gen. Jackson is like darting
broom straws against a wall ot adamant The
fame of Gen Jackson will be the theme of history
in every country where civihred man is known, and
will be cherished with the liveliest emotions by
every fnnid of freedom throughout the world,
when that gentleman's and mine shall have been
eternally loigotten, and sunk into the shades of ob-
livion
Sir, he would say to that gentleman, far better
for lum to ee tse such attacks, for m making them
he would always b  found "biting afile  The"
lameoi one so illustrious could not be affected by the
traduction ol any one here it was in the safe keep-
ing of the Democracy of his Country, and enshrined
in lie hearts of fieemen.
The gentleman had seen fit to lug in, too, m con-
n ction tutu Gen Jackson, the names of Generals
f,cott and Tesup, and had attempted a compaiison
i Í ih ir merits, dIi,i had at once arraigned tried
and convicted General Jesup, with what próprietv
he had ne t j et been able to see He had said Mr
B no peisonal acquaintance vv.th either'Scott or
Jesup, and to them was perfectly indifferent. For
the conduct of General Jesup, upon which the hono-
rable gentleman had dwelt with such emphasis he
