Jan. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cong--"2nd Sess.
Suppression of Indian hostilities—Mr. Cilley.

Did not their political opposition to the then exist-
ing Democratic Administration, though seeking to
veil itself then, as now, under the alleged injustice
of ths war, and the morality and religion of a
Christian community, push them on to enact-
ment, in the higher branch of her State Legislature,
of a solemn decree that "it was unbecoming a mo-
ral and religious people to rejoice at the victories"
of our brave countrymen, and were then, as now,
the leaders of ihat party opposed to supplies. But,
sir, I will do justice to the main body of the peo-
ple of that State. They were, sir, I fuliy believe,
then, as now, in heart truly patriotic; for, sir, they
rested not, much as they admired their splendid
and gifted leaders, to whose bitter denunciations
of Democratic men and measures they had lent too
willing an ear—they rested not until their patrio-
tic sentiments prevailed in that branch where the
decree had been registered, and it was expunged
from their records. I allude to this in ncr spirit of
unkindness—it is a part of the history of our coun-
try, and marks the conduct, if not the principles,
of the leaders of a great party contending for power.
As to the Indian character, who is ignorant of it?
Who has not heard it described by our fathers, who
had to do with them? Who has not read it on
every page of our country's history? Their lead-
ing traits, their master passions, stand out in bold
relief. We must take things as they are. We arj
a practical people. Our policy adapts itself to facts
and circumstances as they are found to exist.
What are these traits? In peace, when not drawn
out by the excitement of the chase and the slaughter
of game, the Indian le'.ds a life of listless indo-
lence, abhorring the dmdgeiy of manual labor, and
knowing not the meaning of the word industry.
War, a war of extermination, which calis into the
most excited action all the baser passions of his
nature, seems the element of his keenest e. j^y-
ment and glory. His whole soul is then roused
into fierce activity. No mercy restrains him. His
uniform rule of warfare is to spare neither age,
¡sex, or condition, and to keep no faith with his
enemy.
How was it, sir, when hostilities broke out be-
tween such a race and our early settlers in New
England? No matter how it began: there might be
individuals in the wrong on either part. What was
done by our fathers, when they found their cattle
killed or driven off, their wives and children sa-
vagely slaughtered, and their own dwellings razed
to the ground by fire'* They hunted them to their
lodges in the deep wilderness, and pursued them
with fire and sword, even to exterminate. Wkr.t
would you have had them done? What must we
have done, had we been in their places' When in
conflict, one or the other race must give place. Our
fathers did not choose to. Do we taunt them for
it? Does our sense of justice revolt at their choice?
Let us in fancy change places with them: enter into
their labors, their perils and privations, and suffer
what they suffered, and endure what they endured,
year in and year out, and then let us see in whose
behalf sympathetic appeals are made.
The case of our frontier settlers now, when an
Indian war breaks upon them, is similar to their
then. But this sort of sympathy expressed by the
"enfleman from Virginia for the tawny red ikm,
strikes me as too near akin to that set up in some
other quarter for a race of still deeper dye. It costs
nothin  to work up and express a sympathy of
this sort; but what particular good is it intended to
effect? I might, perhaps, w,sh, for the sake of
suffering humanity, ihat we had the power and
wisdom to remedy " all the ills which flesh is
heir to " and that we might not only improve the
condition, intellectual, moral, and political, of
every one who is not already perfect in all these
particulars, but also go a step further, and change
the color of the dark races m our country, so that
¡he sympathy felt by some, and the disgust by others,
on that account, might give us no trouble hereafter.
The gentleman dwells on the petty details of the
war—our reverses, their good fortune, and the few
braves that have yet been taken or killed in battle,
but mostly on the expenses already incurred. But,
I askr i« this not a war, and began, too, by them,
and in defiance, too, of their own bona fide treaty,
sanctioned by.them, and all the branches of this
Government, without a dissenting voice? To us,
here, sir, as the Representatives of the American
people, this is the great and momentous question:
Is there a war? For, sir, in the language of patri-
otism, our country is our common mother; and
when and while blows are aimed at her,
when she is attacked and bleeding from the
wounds of an enemy, who of her sons will not fly
to her defence, and to the succor of those who
are defending her, and that, too, without stopping to
count the exact cost, or learn the precise origin of
the quarrel? Let not our country suffer. End
the war first: then if there was any fault any
where, point it out and apply the proper remedy ^
But can gentlemen in this war find a single fault at
the door of the Administration? The Delegate
from Florida set the whole matter right, and says
he is ready to defend it, on that score, against the
world. "
The expenses, I admit, are great, and the ac-
counting officers are bound to scrutinize all this
matter, and to place the result before us. If our
money has been corruptly used or squandered by
any officer, let him, at the proper time, and in a
proper mode, be tried and punished. All wars are
excessively expensive, in both treasures and life.
In the expenses of this Florida war, we must
take into consideration the nature of the service,
the enemy, the country, the want of provisions and
supplies there, and the climate, which suspends all
operations during the summer and fall months;
and, more than all, the peculiar form of our Go-
vernment, which, popular and free, is wholly averse
to laige standing armies ; so that when war, the
greatest of national calamities, does chance to us,
even from the insignificant foe, it finds ns almost
wholly unprepared, and from necessity compelled
to incur extraordinary expense to but little purpose
at first. But in a short tune the patriotism of the
mass of the people, who are attached the more
strongly to their Government, as its yoke is easy
and its burden light, rallies to the rescue, and over-
comes all obstacles. But what, I ask. is the ex-
pense of a few millions more or less in getting
ready and in making soldiers of citizens, compared
with that incurred under other forms of Govern-
ment in maintaining, in the heart of the country, in
times oí peace, large standing armies, corrupting
the morals of the people, and eating out their sub-
stance like a cancer?
The humane policy, also, of our Government, in
its steady efforts to preserve the Indian race by re-
moving them out of the limits of the States where
the settlements of the whites have approached them
on all sides, and to whose laws and usages the In-
dians cannot be made to submit, to fertile territo-
ries beyond the Mississippi, to be theirs exclusive-
ly, and in our efforts, too, to restrain different
tribes from wars among themselves, has coat the
Treasury millions upon millions. It may be^ a
mistaken policy, bui is believed, by good and wise
men, to be the only one that can preserve the race.
The whole campaign of our commanding gene-
ral, Jesup, in Florida, has been bitterly arraigned.
I concede his humanity to the captives he had
made, and his tru¡ t m their good faith, has cost us
dear. I have often said, and now repeat, that had
I been in command in that officer's place at Tampa
Bay, and had got my hands upon the murderous
Seminole chiefs and warriors, I would have shipped
them all off, instanter, on board the vessels then
in waiting, and not trusted one of them^ with an
opportunity to escape again to their fastnesses
among the swamps. But what is to become of
the " poor Indians, if we do not permit them to
keep possession of Florida?" asks the gentleman.
If they do not lay aside hostilities, submit, and
perform on their part a treaty which has already
been complied with on our part, I repeat I cannot
answer
So long as they continue to war with us, and ia
their own peculiar mode, it will be still as it had
been for centuries past: they will disappear before
the onward progress of the more powerful whites,
whose improvements cannot be stayed by any such
obstacles. If they shall change their modes of
feeling and acting, and become like our own race,
tillers of the soil, and lovers of the arts and sci-
ences, and in every "respect good, industrióos, Sue
quiet citizens, then, indeed, would bo one1 here of
elsewhere be in danger of collisioo <wíthtíiein, oj
desire to molest them.              . • > ' ;.*:;*':.;« *,, ;
As to John Ross, who had so oítóB^fee^-sÉtuní-
ingly introduced here and elsewhere ^sS^gbf £pi<i
specimen of what civilization can do"%1iljÍOTÍh|
the Indian race, ldonotljnow him personal^.'' Cu-
riosity led me to inquire him but/ .ana I ^as
pointed to a white man. He may, by adoption or
some mode, have become a chief among Indians;
but he is not in blood, no one could mistake, who
looks at him. Is this the kind of civilization and
improvement of the race we hear so much about?
Such men, or mixture of men, may get among the
ignorant savages, and rise to great power and influ-
ence, and to the control of the affairs and money of
the tribe; but in the end they will prove rather a
curse than a blessing to the real Indians. -Let us
not, upon false data, lead ourselves or others into
false positions and false sympathies. The ideal
must give place to the reality. We must act upon
facts, with the eternal truths of .nature before onr
ayes. Speculate and sympathise as you will, the
white man will still be true to the inward laws and
instincts of his race, and so will the red and the
black.
I speak not of individuals, but of masses. I
hope gentlemen, whose sensibilities are now so
much enlisted in the conditions of the Seminóles
and Cherokees, now in Florida and Georgia, will
not forget how their own forefathers, whose memo-
ries I know they revere, under similar circum-
stances, in the early settlement of the country, and
when they were a frontier people, how they dealt
with similar enemies; and I entreat gentlemen, if
they have not indeed forgotten these things, to tell
me in whose behalf their true sympathy is enlisted?
Does it not flow in the broad channel of the com-
mon weal of ths greatest number of its own race,
or does it seek out the narrower one of a wild and
untameable race, wasting its influence, and ac-
complishing no great general results?
Oar ssnse of justice has been appealed to. Let
me ask those gentlemen who' do this, if they are
willing to yield up the fair fields and beauti-
ful sites they now possess- and enjoy, to the linea,
heirs and descendants of the lords of the forest, (if
indeed, there be any left,) whom ' their .'fathers
found there and dispossessed, without the fair con-
sideration, which strict, abstract justiee might re-
quire. If not, then I say, why cry ont against thy
white brethren? Were your property, and the lives
of your families, exposed.as in this case, to the hostile
incursions of Indians, and a war should Breakout,
would you not he under the necessity of tracking
them, as did your fathers in by-gone days, through
the winter snows, to their wigwams among the
hills, and subdue them, cost what it might.
Sir, how has this vast continent, but recently a
wilderness, been reclaimed and settled, and filled
with a free, hardy, and enterprising people? The
two tides of population, the savage and the civil-
ized', have here met. They abhor to mix: their pur-
suits run not together: the one must give room
to the other—the fierce hunter and warrior of the
wilderness, to the more gifted, but peace-loving
artizan and cultivator of the soil. Would you stay
the onward progress of our own race? or would
you even attempt to reverse our positions? You
could not, if you would. We must take things as
they are; and before wc so bitterly condemn others,
let i's refiect how we ourselves, under like circum-
stances, should probably feel and act.
I ask pardon of the committee for having said so
much on this subject. I felt pained to hear m this place
gentlemen make such severe, and, as I thought, un-
merited denunciations, with an apparent view to
some influence abroad, of the settled policy of our
own Governmen and race ever since the earliest
history of ihe whites on this continent, and rose to re-
pel them. I commend gentlemen so eager and
zealous to attack and put down the Administration,
to a prudent husbandry of their resources; and
if ihey expect to displace it on such grounds, I ask
them on what principles the people.of this country
are to expect the new one to be based, if they evei
get power to form one on their own notions, and tc
