)IX TO  THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
Jan. 1838. _                        .\PPENI
25-1 H CoNfl-----2.N!> Sess.                                   1
able with piotracled personal imprisonment. The
persons to whum this trust is to be confided, are
such citizns as the President, with a full knowledge
of the duties., responsibilities, and temptations, shall
select and nomínate to the Senate, and as the Se-
nate, upon full examination, shall advise and con-
sent that the President do appoint and commission
to execute the trust. The risk is that these per-
sons will be dishonest; that they will become in-
sensible to standing and character-, that they will
viola'c their faith to their sureties and their co-m-
tiy; thai ll.ey \vi!l embebe the public money in
their hands, arid thus subject themselves to infa-
mous punishment—to imprisonment wi'h rogue 
and felon  for a term of no! less than two years.
One of the risks under the State bank deposite
system is the same misconduct and dishonesty of
the officers, agents, and managers, of the banks,
and they are numerous, and many of them «elected
to perform subordinate duties. Without any impu-
tation upon the institutions, therefore, or their prin-
cipal officers, it cannot be unfair to assume that
many of the persons who must have access to
their books, accounts, and money, will not be per-
sons oí' that standing and character which would
be required, by all concerned, in the selection and
appointment of responsible public officers. In the
case of the bank, too, the persons who must have
access to the money in its charge are numerous,
while under the other system the single depositary
alone has such access. Again, the misconduct
and dishonesty of the officers and agents of the
bank are not made criminal and punished as
crimes. If committed, so far as the Government
is concerned, they are meie breaches oí trust, and
incur a debt; they hj the foundation foi a suit at
law to recov:r the money embezzled. Can l!, by
possibility,be b'jppo-.ed that ¡bese n-ks a-e eqa-il'y
balaneed? He knew that, upon a former occasion,
when this same subject was under discussion, we
had had paraded before us a long and in on unplea-
sant list of defaulting public officers, but it had not
been stated at what periods those defaults had
occurred, or what was their aggregate amount.
He had never, upon any occasion, examined the
list with much care, as it was not a matter
ot entertainment to han to see these evidences
of unwoithmess m those who had sought and
obtained puniio pan-nnire and public Oust. líe
liad, hi'we\<T. re-.rrtd l> ihe liM '.ufficenuy
to learn ¡¡¡a', iime-ttiiih-  "f die u.-i'...ulrs i^coided
upon it had happened during tne prevalence
of a system of bank deposites of ¡.orne sorij
and he thought it would be found, uponcaieful
comparison, that a large major.ly oí them had
taken place when a national bank, that gieat s?cu-
rity, in the minds ot many, asau.st ail pecumaiy
evils, was thesole depository of I he national treasure.
The defaulters were m< stly disbursing oliicers pro-
cer, such as paymasters of the army, pursers in ¡he
navy, and the like, or postmaitcr.-. \\ :;•> had ne-
ver, until ver)' recently, been legally c.eoifc'ed, in
any way, wi\h the Tre. -nry, or e"".i:v.c:ors upjn
the public woiks. Ail diese ciarse- if pr.--on-\
except oostmasiers must always, and tinker cny
system, have the same opportunity to n.i^jpply
public money; and their default.-, therefore, weiv
no more an argument t'gauist the system pvposed
by the bill, for the safe-keeping of the public mo-
ney, than against any other system winch could be
devised or named. He had already said die
amount ot these defaults h\d no! been stated, lie
dul not know the amount, but tins he v.'. uld venture
to affiiin, without the fear of contradiction, that the
whole amount of losses to the Government, iiom
ihe defaults o[ public officers, since its organization
under the Constitution, would be but a ñaction of
thr losses which it had sustained trow its connec-
tion with State banks alone, setting aside the forty
years of the period when a national bank was ¡he
sole fiscal agent of the Treasury. Here, therefore,
the State bank system gamed no advantage m the
argument. He was most happy to be able to say
that, in comparison with the vast amounts which
had been received and disbursed, the losses under
any system hitherto adopted had been very small;
and it made him proud of his country, and of her
oilizens, to state a fact which bad bet n inven to him
from high authority, .>mce the subject of entrusting
the money of the people wiihtheirown officers had
been one of discussion before the country. The
fact to which he alluded was that the whole dis-
bursements of ihe army, from the year 182), to the
year 1836, both inclusive, amounting to several
millions in each year, had been made through the
hands of the public officers appointed for that pur-
pose, and that not one dollar of loss had accru-
ed to the Government from those appropria-
tion*, during the whole of that period. Ought
not this fact alone to inspire confidence
in the trustworthiness of our public servants'? It
stemed to him so: and he must say he could not
comprehend how it was, after all the experience
which our former and recant history had afforded,
that gentlemen of the most unquestioned integrity
should feel and manifest so much distrust against
the public officers of the Government—men of ele-
vated standing and character, and directly accoun-
table lo the people and their representatives, as
well as to the civil and criminal tribunals of the
country—and should, at the same time, and in re-
ference to the same subject, repose such implicit
and unmoved confidence in the incorporated bank-
ing institutions of the States, and in their offices
and managers. Did they believe that the transfer
of a citizen from private life -to a public office ne-
cessarily poisoned his integrity, while a similar
transfer to a situation in a bank rendered him
worthy of all trust? No. They could not so be-
lieve. The fact could not be so. The honest man
would be honest in either situation. The dishonest
man would be honest in neither. He knew that
public officers sometimes became defaulters; and he
must be permitted to ask how frequently the public
sense was startled by announcements, through the
public press, cf the defaults and embezzlements of
the mo't confidential officers of banks? All were
fraii and erring men, and some alike in both classes,
would prove unequal to the resistance which the
temptations of their situations required; but he
could not see that either system derived any ad-"
vantage over the other, from this consideration,
v bile he did believe that the bill under discussion
proposed guards against this risk, which would be
found moie beneficial in practice than any hith-
ei to known to the legislation of Congress.
Po far as vaults and safes were concerned, he had
;j¡ready admitted that each system possessed equal
advantages, and from what had been said, it would
be seen that, to a very great extent, these securi-
ties, a  applied to both systems, were identically
the sa.ee.
But there is another, and much more important,
rt--k connected with the bank system. It is, that
all moneys placed with the banks for safe-keeping,
upon i pen or generi-i deposit?, are necessarily
sobjcctel to all the hazards v, Inch attend the busi-
ne; ..:' the bankintrinst;tut.ons. We have already
ov,. t,-, -.i the money ihus deposited becomes at once
&,-■ rronerty o! ihe biiik; and that tie depositor re-
c! :>.es, 'in exchange fur his money, ike simple cre-
d •. of the institution. If, then, us credit be sub-
I vet"! '■> the hazards if the banking business, so
"i,i"-: t.r ¡he money placed en general deposite wüh
it, p- that money is merely converted by the depo-
.-nor into that credit. By adopting this system,
therefore, for the safe-keeping of the national trea-
sure, we embark the money of the people ¡n the
Mine boat with the capital of the bank; we subject
it to all the hazards to which that capita! is sub-
jected, and we substantially agree, so far as our
reliance is upon the cap.tal o: the nonunion for
ai.¡enmity, that, ii the adventure be U ruinate, oui
money shall be safe; but that, if it be unfortunate,
the risk and the loss shall beoms. We are not,
however to be placed in the condition of the own-
ers of the capital of the bank. We are not to share
in the profits of a fortunate hazard. Our only
object is safety for our money; and to gain that, wc
take our share of the risks, without any interest in
the contemplated profits from them. Who will
contend that these risks do nit fully ba'ance the
safev we derive as the consideration for incurring
them.' The bank system, then de.-.je  no adven-
íase m thc.irpu.nent from the security ntfordt-d rs
by its capi'ai,  o long a* <! subjects n- ! • .ill Us
iiskí uiihout any share in its gan s.
Lt-t us now balance the account, as far as «e
have gone, and see which system has the advan-
tage. In the security of vaults and safes both are
equal. The security afforded by the capitals of the
banks is counterbalanced by the risks it compels us
to take, growing out of its banking operations,
without any share in the profits of those opera-
tions, if fortunate. This balances this item of the
account. In the risk growing out of the miscon-
duct and dishonesty of officers, managers, and
agents, the system proposed by the bill has a de-
cided advantage, in the number of persons to be
trusted, the standing and character of those who
have access to the money, and the guards against,
and punishment of, embezzlement. In the bonds
and sureties both systems would be, prima facie,
equal; but we have been recently told, by a dis-
tinguished Senator, (Mr. Webster,) that the col-
lateral bonds given by banks are useless paper;
that they are always signed by officers, directors,
and stockholders, of the bank for which they are
sureties, by persons whose business and fortunes
are interwoven with the business and fortunes of
the bank; and that when it fails the sureties upon
our bond must fail with it. He hoped- this posi-
tion was not true to its full extent; but he must ad-
mit that it was likely to be true in a very great de-
gree, for who would become security for a bank,
but the persons interested in ill These institutions,
from their nature and character, could neither re-
ceive nor reciprocate any other friendships than
those of interest, and therefore they could only look
to the interested to find sureties for their engage-
ments. Not so with the public officer. He would
have no business relations. His oniciat duties
would require his whole time, and whole' mind.
The discharge of those duties would call for no
bank facilities. His sureties would be friends;
men wholly disconnected from him in business,
and whose properties and responsibilities could not
be affected "by his pecuniary disasters, any farther
than their liabilities upon his bond should produce
that effect. The system proposed by the bill, then,
derived a material advantage over the bank sys-
tem, in the safety of the collateral bonds, and thus
must be admitted, in the settlement of the account,
to have two advantages over the antagonist sys-
tem, and to be the safer of the two.
Seeond. He would now carry the comparison
to the ejcpenses of the antagonist systems.
And, first, of ihe expenses under that proposed
by the bill. They were the erection of the two
offices at Charleston and St. Louis. It had been
seen, however, that the erection of an office at
Charleston would be probably avoided; that the
Government now owned a custom-house at that
place, and that rooms for an office for the receiver
general of public moneys there might be procured
in that building; that the necessary vaults~wouM be
required to be constructed, and the rooms fitted up
and prepared for this use, which would be the whole
expense at that point for erections. The estimate
of the Department, for these purposes, was two
thousand dollars. For the expenses of a site, the
erection of the necessary building, and the con-
struction of vaults and safes within it, at St. Louis,
the Department supposed an expense of from four
thousandfive hundred to five thousand dollars would
be incurred. From inquiry made of gentlemen
intimately and personally acquainted with the
prices of property and building materials at that
place, he presumed the expense might be abovs the
estimate of the Department. It was said that the
cost of a suitable site, at a proper location within
the business part of the town, wouM be some three
or four thousand dollars at the least. In (his event,
the estimate would fee much too low, and it was
just to the Secretary of the Treasury to say that
the estimate of the Department was accompanied
with a declaration that no local informahon was
possessed, such as was required lo approximate
toward  perfect accuracy. The estimates were
Irom six thousand five hundred to seven thousand
dollars. He would suppose they were too low by
three thousand dolíais, and lhat an expenditure of
ten thousand dollars would be incurred for these
erections at the two points. He had been more
particular and detailed upon ill's item of th<> pro-
po*td expenditures, because he w,is v.el! advi-od
that the most persevering oftVis had been made.
