Ja-^1838^____                APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                    8!
25m Cono----2m) Sfss.                         Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Wright.                                                 Senate.
chamcal duties requited, when they could not be
periormed by the officers to whose keeping the mo-
ney was to be entrusted—and it had been seen that
this might involve the selection and appointment
of from six to t velve clerks He would consume
no time m commenting upon this giant of power;
the mere statement of the fact should suffice.
These two were the only direct grants of Execu-
tive patronage which the bill proposed to make, but
it teemed to be supposed that the power and influ-
ence of the Executive was to be immensely and
dangerously increased over alt the officers charged
•with the keeping of any portion of the public mo-
ney, and tin's idea formed one of the most weighty
objections against the system, How, he v. ould ask,
is this inference derived? Not one cent of addi-
tional compensation is proposed to be given to any
one of the existing executive officers, in conse-
quence of the additional duties imposed upon them
by this bill. They were all now subject to removal
from office by the President, at his pleasme.
Whence, then, was he to derive this increased
power ' ver them' Could he command the money
in thcu hands1 No: unless he was ready to com-
mit a direct infraction of the Constitution, and the
officer to subject himself to protracted imprison-
ment and infamous punishment. The bill provides
that all money, m the hands of every depositary,
s'iall be held as there to the credit of the Treasurer,
or, m other words, as in the Treasury; and the Con-
stitution declares that no money shall be taken from
the Treasury but in conformity to appropuations
made by law. The bill makes any unlawful u^e
of the money, by .he officer in whose charge it is,
punishable by "imprisonment for a t6rm not less
than two years. To let 'he President have the
money would be as criminal, under the Ian, as to
let any other citizen of the country have it, and
detection would be as certain m the one case as the
other. The only difference would be that the Pre-
sident, if he were to make himself the knowing
recipient, would subject himself to impeachment for
the violation of the Constitution and the fraud upon
the Treasury; whereas the citizen would incur no
criminal liability whatsoever. Wheie, then, ,$ the
dangerous increase of pon ei given to the Presi-
ding Suppose he remove ihe officer the money is
still, in a legal sense, in the Treasury. He gams
no access to it by the lemoval, and if he did, he
could make no Use f it w thout a violation of the
Constitution. It was easv to sec that t.iis system
v ould impose great ad "iti^nal rerponsioiiuy upon
the Pre-ident, as he mustoelect all tne persons who
a>e to be entrusted with public money, and it is his |
iuty to see that they all obey, observe, and execute
the law. He would venture the assertion that no
honest man who was to hold the office of Pres dent,
consulting merely his personal interests and respon-
sibilities, separate from his sense of the pub'ic
good, would desire the passage of this law He
could see nothing desirable to that officer personally
to grow out of it, while he could see a fearful load
of personal responsibility in every feature of the
system.
But the officers who were to keep the public mo-
ney, were also executive officers, and perhaps it
was here, and not with the President, that this great
increase of Executive power was apprehended.
The same inquiries were alike applicable to this
suggestion. How could the possession of money
bythe officer, which he could only use in pursu-
ance of appropriations made by law, without sub-
jecting himself to the severest punishment, increase
the power and influence of that officer with his
fellow-citizens? Suppose he should become cor-
rupt and violate the law. Would not every respec-
table man whem he should approach, shun and
avoid him, and could the certainty of detection
give him time to establish an influence, based upon
the power of the money embezzled, which would
be dangerous to public liberty'! Most certainly
not. In this, as m the case of the President, the
responsibility, not the power and influence, of the
officer would be increased
Such was the view he was compelled to take of
the charge of Executive patronage made against
tha financial system proposed by the bill, in its pre-
sent form ; but the imaginations of some had
carried them beyond  the present propositions, and
induced them to fear ihat this was the mere com-
mericemen', the entering wedge, to a multiplica-
tion of Executive officers, until ¡bey should cover
the whole land, like the locusts of Egypt, and eat
out the subs'ance of the people. Where was the
foundation for this apprehension'! With whom
rested the power of increasing officers of any cha-
racter? Not, certainly, with the Executive. He
can act m select ng men for office, when the offices
are created by Congres-,, and, with certain excep-
tions, he can remove men from office, at his plea-
sure, but he can create no office, nor can he mulli-
p y tna number 01 officers, of any grade or character.
This, then, is not an objection against the Execu-
tive, but against the legislative power of the Govern-
ment; it is an objection which implies distrust, not
of the President, but of ourselves And are we
afraid to trust ourselves ¡n this matter, or do we
stand in so much fear of those who may succeed
us in the^e s°a>s, that we would rather commit the
finances of the country to incorporated banks, than
to the present or future representatives of the peo-
ple and the States?
But how standi the objection of Executiye pa-
tronage, as applied to the State bank deposite sys-
tem? The fiist step in this system is the selection
of some twenty, thirty, or more banks, to do which
the direct interest of all their officers, directors and
stockholders, must be addressed, and, when se-
lected, the same interest is enlisted in whatever
contract may be made. Here is, at once, an army
of new persons brought within the reach of Exe-
cutive power, not. lute the salary officer, upon stipu-
lated compensations, but whose interests are wholly
dependent upon the extent of the patronage be-
stowed—upon the amount of money entrusted to
their charge Then come up the competitions and
appliances to oWm a se'ecuon, and the indue •-
meat to a vicious Executive to excite hepes aid
cieate expectations, throughout the whoie line if
bdnki'ig ínstitu'ions in all tne States. But the se-
lections aie made, the money deposited and passed
to the citizens, among the other accommodations c f
the favored banks. This creates another influence
far more extended and fearful—the influence (f
the debtors of the selected banks ; for when appro-
priations are made by law, the executive officers-
those'iho aie charged with the execution of the
law—must direct the drafts wmch are to bring ihe
money Loin the banks to meet them. Let any
unprejudiced mind compare the influences here
embtiuel x , h the Executive pationage conferred
by heb i L'idtr discussion, and can the decis'on be
in fax or ot the b?nk system, in this respect?
But there is another view of this matter He had
shown that, undei th° °x stem proposed b} the bill,
the Executive con id not reach the money in the
han is oí the depositary without subjecting both to
condign purishment. Hon is u here? Suppose
the Executive coirupt, and the baak willing to be
coirup c 1 or the lexeme, and what >s to hinder his
oV-ii.ii, ganv amount of diepublic money he pleases?
He takes it not as the money ol the people, but as
the money of the, bank. It ,s nor, m form, a loan
front the pubhe money on dsposite, but an accom-
medat'on n the usual course of banking business;
and still, before the depositing officer shall have left
the counter ol the institution, the Executive may
take the money he deposites, and no one is pum«h-
ab e. The depositing officer himself, any other
executive officer of the Government, may do the
sama thing, with equal impunity.
Has the sy stem piov ided for by the bill, then, any
thing to fear from a comparison with that of the
State bank deposite system, as to the dangers of an
increase ot Executive patronage? He could not
so suppose
Fotuth. He would now institute a short compari-
son of w hat he thought would be the relativ e ef-
fects of the two syste ns upon the Sia e banking in-
stitutions themselves.
The system proposed by the bill would necessa-
rily opeiate as a check upon the issues and expan-
sions of those institutions, in either shape in which
it had been proposed to pas  it. If the notes of ihe
banks continue to be recen ed in pav ment of the
public dues, and the deposítanos are directed, as in
that case they unquestionably should be, to call
frequently, and at short intervals, for the balances
against the banks, and to demand specie for those
balances, this must operate as a powerful check
upon all the banks in the vicinity of those deposi-
taries where the collections are large. If, on ihe
other hand, the receipt of the bank notes be gradu-
ally discontinued in the collection of the revenue,
and specie collections substituted, while the change
will create some demand upon the banks for specie,
the disbursements of specie by the Government wilt
constantly distribute among the people a broader
and more permanent basis lor the paper circula-
tion, which the banks will, of course, continue,
growing out of their pi u Ate operations. That the
detiand for specie may, to  ome extent, dimmish
the profits of banking, is more than probable; but
if the effect shall be to restrain the issues of* the
banks, to keep upon them a constant sense of the
necessity of more specie capital to meet their lia-
bilities, the operation, as past experience abun-
dantly proves, win be greatly beneficial to the com-
munity, and wU woik rather a benefit than an in-
jury to the in tituuons themselves. In the mean
time, the di bursement, by the Government, of the
specie it receives, cannot fail, not oily to give sta-
bility and confidence, tr sume extent, at least,-to
the general currency, by continuing in active circu-
lation some portions of the gold and silver upon
which the whole is based, but must, to the extent of
the cnculation, have a tendency to strengthen the
banks against sadden pressures, and unfounded
distrusts, by enabling them, the more easily to arm
themselves with com.
What are the tendencies of the opposite system
upon the banking institutions? Recent experience
has answered this inquiry more forcibly than it
was in h.s power to command language to answer
it. The effect was to piomote fearful expansions
when 'arge amounts of public money were placed
upun deposite, and ruinous contractions when the
necessities or the policy of the Government re-
quired its payment. The effect was to stimulate
lo dangerous excesses, not the banks only, but then
customers also, when money «as abundant in the
Treasury, and to add to the pressure, by heavy
calls from the Treasury, when theie was a scar-
city. In short, the effect of the ¡at'er system upon
the banks had proved, upon trial, to be unmixed
evil, while the influences of the former promised to
bs rather favorable than unfavorable.
Ftfth. The next and most important comparison
between the two systems, was the influence of each
upon the Government of the country and us finan-
ces The proposed system would place the money
of the Government, at all times, within the power
and contiol of the Government. It would enable
the Gov ernment, at al1 times, to pay its debts in a
currency not depreciated, a currency equal to the
standard of the Constitution and the law. It would
render the Government financially independent,
and maintain it in that position Under such a
sy>tem we should no nwe hear, what we were now
daily hearing in this hall, that honest citizens had
been defrauded, by bemg paid their demands
against the Treasury in bank paper, which was de-
preciated, or worthless, and that Congress ought to
indemnify them lor their losses thus occasioned.
These were some of the benefits certain to be de-
rived to the Government from the adoption of the
sjstem provided for by the bi'1; but there was
aoothei, and, in his judgment,.far greater benefit,
equally cenam to now from its adoption. It
would cvnpt dit. Gove.nment fiom the constant
and mnuneiaule imputations of injuries to trade,
to the cunency, to credit, to ihe prívale affairs of
individual and oaüks, from its financial move-
ments. Was any person whom he addressed in-
sensible to the moral and political evils growing out
ot these complaints1 To their strong tendency to
a.ienate the feelings of the people from our most
valuable institutions, and to bring them to look
upon all government as a curse and not a blessing;
a  calculated, not for their protection, but destruc-
tion and ruin? He would remind the Senate, very
briefly, of the couise of these complaints for the last
four years
The Government removed the publ.c money
from one single bank and placed it in several
others. A clamor followed the act, a panic Was
excited; banks failed, merchants failed, money was
