94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1838,
25th Cong--<-2nd Scss.
31ississippi Election—Mr. Martin.
H. of Reps.
ry to the Constitution oí the United States, as ex-
pounded by the decision of this House There weie
then, no teats in Congress vacant The people of
Mississippi were then here, filling the seats which
rightfully belonged to them,—bound as we were by
the decision of this House,—and, until revoked, it
is our Ian and their law Consequently, when the
House rescinds, its resolution, the election must be
returned to the people.
Dunng the debate, many har^h reflections have
been made upon this House, for its course upon
this matter, at the special session Wo did not
seek the responsibility It was thrown upon us, by
the constitution and the people of Mississippi Are
gentlemen dissatisfied, that Congiess should have
the sole and final power oí determining upon the
election and qualifications of its members'' This
power is possessed by every legislative assembly in
the Union, and, I believe, in the world "Was the
power, in this instance, exercised honestly and fan-
ly1 No one has ventured to assert t'^e contrary
in direct terms,—but by suppositious cases anil
muendos, it may be infened, that a corrupt part)
spirit had rontiolled its dcteimmation And fiom
what is this inference  drawn1   From the fact,
I  piesume, that guiilemen holding opposite opi-
nions upon otliei gieit que lions, have fallen m
opposition  upon this     Will, sir'  the infcience,
II  good tor any thing, applies to bulh p ulies, and
the charge of party conuption lecoils, iheiolene,
upon those who mide it Sn, the purestmmdsaie
seldom the most reach to impugn the motives of
others For mj part, I cannot recognise the jus-
tice of these sweeping imputations upon the inte-
grity of our associates We aie men, and there-
lore liable to the wellnesses of our nituie, and I
know how easily with the very best intentions, om
judgments are often swayed by our will We aie
not beyond the influence ofassociates and out own
stiong deslíes Henee, with the purest and mos!
patriotic purpose to do out duty, we often find
most upright and conscientious, men, iakmg duict-
ly opposite sides oí the same question But what
does this prove1 Whj, only that it e aie men,
while it brings home to us the admonition, most
carefully to smve to lilt our minds, il possible,
above the slaveiy ol its feelings and pisMims 1
doubt not, that in the main, the promo*ion of ti e
public good and the maintenance of the publn
honor, are ihe grand design whiui actuate the vou s
and conduct ol memlers upon this floor, in Ihe
discharge of the r con'titu'ional duties. And, sir,
heietotore as now, this must hive been the case, oi
our Republican sj stems would long since have
been swept away II is not intelligence which
can maintain our institutions The French legis-
lative assembly «as one of the most intelligent
bodies ever assembled in the name of liberty
They failed for want of virtup—ihe viriue
of Christianity And then intelligence onlv
aided them in. dispensing all evil, in the pui-
suit of imaginary good, and, at every step m
blood, to show foith m all its honors,the fieice <\-
piavily of our natures, when uncontrolled bj t e
salutary influences ol leligion and virtue The íai t
that am dst so many storms and con entions— o
many nsks and dingers, we have still bien able lo
pieserve our Irce ¿ istitutions, and luetogeth i un-
der a written Constitution, proves beyond all
question, that the counsels within these walls must
have been guided by sound principles of pu >-
lie duty My infeience in debate is, thateveiy
gentlemm upon this floor acts consae.nliousl) I
will not judge—I have no n¿ht to judge of Ins
motives, and should I imp inn thos¿ of anothci,
v hal right ha\ e I tu expert mv own to be respect-
ed. 'I his is the cour e of conduct t wards eich
oúVr, which toe mist oidiearj chanty demands ,
aid permit iw, su, to add, w nidi the dignity u d
character of this House requires National cha-
racter is national strength It is the h'glestpio-
perty of a people , and is essenaal to the ooedieice
and veneration of the citi¿ea at home, and tV
respect of nations abioad If here, tiheie the pr-
pular will and character of the people of the Uní ■ 1
States are concentraled, we are actuated H no
higher motives than those of a corrupt party na-
ture, the downfall of our institutions is mevi able,
and our liberties must soon pass awmy.
Mi Speaker, There is one other ground, upon
which I think this election should be returned to
ths people. The principle will be admitted by all,
though some may differ as to the propriety of its
application It is within the power, and it is the
duty of this House, whenever it has reason to be-
lieve that an election' isbeen unfair, and, therefore,
might not be a conect expression of the popular
will, to send it back to the people. This 14, the prin-
ciple Now, sir, was the election held m Novem-
ber, 111 Mississippi, a fair election 1 Resting upon
the decision of this House, the gentlemen who, but
a few months before, had obtained a large majo-
rity of the suffrages of the people, supposing them-
selves members ot the 25th Congress, declined be-
ing candidates at the November election They were
not even present at the polls A one sided election
took place undei the hot canvassing of the able
contestant who has addiessed this House I sup-
pose that he might have used the same aiguments
with the people he has addiessed to us repre-
senting the decision of this House as a gross usui-
pation, a tyrannical infringement of the rights of
ot the people of Mississippi, to be tedressed at all
In/uds, and those who would maintain it, and
act upon the faith of its existence, as accessaiv to
this ouliage upon their liberties The juide oí (he
people, as fieemen and citizens ot Mississippi,
mi^lit thus have been aroused—then passions in-
flamed—their judgments pel veiled Now, I put
it to gentlemen—is it possible that such an election
could be fair1 Without any opposition—with none
to reply or defend—upon a question in which the
nicest point of constitutional law were involved, and
theiefore, easily perverteel—could such an electmn,
however decided, be tan? Would any gentleman
who hears me, be willing to stand such an election7
If, unrlei such circumstances, not a majority only,
but every tote in Mississippi had been cist lor the
contestants, I should regaid the election as an unfair
repression of popular opinion, and I should le-
tuin it to the people I pretend not to dictate the
conduct of others I have no doubt the gentle-
men who claim their seats under the November
election, have as high a sense of integrity and
honor as 1 can enteitatn But with mv views anil
ínlormaticn upon this subject, ii I was. in then situ-
ation, I would disdain to take my seat upon this
flooi I would sit here, undei a full, lau, and un-
prejudiced enunciation oí the populai will, or I
should remain forever «ithout th se w alls And tins
House, which has been, in part, the innocentcause
of this partial election—what eouise does it become
us to pursue1 Admitting that we had the constitution-
al powei—if weweie. to receive these gentlemen,
w hat w ould we say lo the sitting members, whom we
have lulled into inaction ind sccniity by our reso-
lution—to the people of Mississippi, who, in con-
sequence oí our resolution, might have been kept
from the polls—and to the whole mass of electors
who voted, but who may luv voted under etrone-
ous impulses, m conspqnene c ol our determination 1
Sir, I lepeat, 1 will not question—I do not question,
the perfect mtegnlv of geiukmeti who eliiier from
me upon this subject but thinking as I do, I
would commit an act ol muisliu'an I elishmcsty
m my lrgisliim cipie tj, ii [ did not leturn this
election to this pee>| le. And, sure \, tlnscouise
ousht not to give dissatrsl vctiorr to the people of
"Mississippi Iheymu.l perceive lint thry have
hern the ultimate cause ol all the trouble and con-
tention which has ensued Die.y must perceive,
that if we ened in enntiiming the July election, it
Wds from a sincere ele. ire to uphold then rights
and interests , ami, if we nov ret 11 n the  election to
them, it is becau'e wee. mi Icons nt to viol ite the
Constitution of the Tin ted State-, 1111 aeld injustice
to its "violation
I turn Mr Spoil er, to the ^ nth C irol na ele-
lfg^tion, who, it seems, line ittraeted the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee, m the course
of Ins ob ervations upon this subject He seemed
to suppose that our \ otes upon this questiem were
n it determined by our own views of ngbt and
dutv, but by our deference to the opinion of my
learned friend and colleague Sir, whatever weight
tie <p nmn of such a man might have on other oc-
caseons, I think it most apparent tint it h?s had
but little upon this    Two of the delegation only
voted with him, m favor of thu silting members;
the rest voted against him; several of them, re-
versing the votes they gave on this question at the
special session; and I, who voted with Mm, express-
ed my opinion on the subject, as I have already re-
minded the House, on the #rst day of the session,
before my friend had even, considered it. We
know well his worth in counsel; but we know too,
that our consciences are our own, ana not another's;
and that fora correct discharge ofour public duties,
we are alone responsible. Sir, in looking back to
those who preceded us upon this floor, we find no
subserviency to men—no obsequience to power—
no base betrayal to party, of the great principles
they maintatnod, characterizing their bright career
ol honorable sarvice to their country. However
unworthy to stand in the distinguished places they
once occupied, we intend, to the best of our ability, to
maintain in our demeanoi, unsullied by dishonor,
and untainted by impurity, the fair fame they have
bequeathed us upon this floor, and here, as well as
elsewhere, ever to remember that we are the sons
of South Carolina.
SPEECH OF MR. MARTltf,
Of Alabama,
In the House of Repi esenlatives, February 5, 1838—
The following questions in relation to the case
of the Mississippi election being under conside-
ration-
The House had already adopted the following
lesolution, as an amendment •
"Resolved, That the resolution of this House of
the 3d of October last, declaring that Samuel J
Gholson and John P. H. Claiborne were duly
elected members of the 25th Congress, be rescinded,
and that Messrs Gholson and Claiborne are not
duly elected members of the 25th Congress."
The question pending was on the following addi-
tional resolution, submitted by Mr. Howard of
Maryland
"Resolved, That Sergeant S Prentiss and Thomas
J Wcid are not members of the Twenty-fitth Con-
gress "
Mr Robertson had moved to stuke out the
word "not "
Mr Martin being entitleel to the floor, gave way
first to Mr Glascock, who presented a statement
from Mr. Claiborne, and again to Mr. Howard,
who modified his resolution as follows:
"And that Messrs. Pentissand Word are not en-
titled to seats on this floor as members of the 25th
Congress "
Mr. MARTIN then addressed the House as fol-
lows
Mr. Spi-akfr In giving way for the modifica-
tions just made by the honorable mover (Mr.
Howard of Maryland) 10 the resolution nnder con-
sideration, I was simply extending to that gentle-
man the couitesy due to him m such a case, for
with the technical form m which the question is
presented, the remarks which I intend to submit
will be found to have nothing to do. Nor do I
intend to enter into an examination of the techni-
calities so elaborately discussed by all who have
preceded me in this debate, which aie involved in
the w nt of election of the Governor of Mississippi,
and the proceedings had thereon m July last in that
State. Indeed, sir, I shall not attempt to investi-
gate that elet fon, lor its validity has had no influ-
ence in bringing my mind to the eonclusion to
which I have arrived upon the question imme-
diately under consideration, in relation to the right
of the applicants, Me-srs Prentiss and "Word, to
se its upon this >oor as members from the State of
PJis.issrppi, for, howevei irregular the election m
Tuly may have been, this House, the only tribunal
hav ,n¿ cognizance of the question, did, by its solemn
diauon on the 3d of October last, declare it to be
valid That I may not be misunderstood, however
in regard to my opinion of that election, I will
take this occasion to say that, upon full examina-
tion, I voted with the majority oí the House upon
that question, and have found no leason since to
regret the vote, or to desire to change it I am
uly satisfied, that the re-solutton to whU ! fa.Te
referred, declaring the sutmg members, Messrs.
■gholson and Claiborne, duly elected members of
