Feb. 1838.                     APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.      *_____________¿fig
25th Cong""2nd Sess.                           Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Hubbard.                                                       Bésate.
them, and with a steady regard to the safety of the
community, the Government, and the bank itself,
they faithfully discharged that trust. la the course
of the few months during which the deposite act of
June, 1836, was m practical operation, this bank
might have received from $100,000 to $300,000
of the public money m deposite. It undoubtedly
intended to use those funds to their advantage,
and it undoubtedly did put every dollar out on
loan. But, sir, it did all this with the full know-
ledge that this amount of the public money stood
charged for the payment of the public dues; and
that the resources of the bank were not only suffi-
cient, but would be required to meet the drafts of
the Government, should those who had been ac-
commodated with the loan of this i ubhc money
fail to refund m season. The fact was so—.the
sum in deposite was loaned—the loans remained 
but the drafts of the department have been paid
with the utmost punctuality, and the last re'urn
from the Secretary of the Treasury show-, that not
a single dollar of the public money now íemams in
that bank m deposite. And, Mr. President, if you
will put the question to the board of directors, they
•will tell you that the deposites which have been
made of the public money with the Merchants
Bank has been a curse rather than a blessing to
the institution—a detriment rather than a benefit,
that they have given embarrassment rather than
relief.
And if there could be here exhibited an exact
balance sheet, it would be found that the pecuniary
interests of that bank had not been subset ved by
this deposite system. That institution, and n> other
institution equally well conducted, can want the
aid of the Government funds If there is not a
sufficiency of bank capital for the commerce, the
trade, and the business of Boston, there has been
heretofore no want of a disposition lo ci eate bank
capital. But, even if the fact were so, that it
•would be a matter of convenience to the business
of Boston to control the use of the public funds,
is there any man here so regardless of his public
duty, who would make a disposition of the public
funds to promote such an object? Is there any
member of this Senate, under such circumstances,
would feel himself ready and willing to transfer
any portion of the people's money, against their
will, lor the convenience or interest of any parti-
cular class of the community    I trust nit sir.
It is «ell known that there \\eie three othei
banks selected m the city of Boston as depositories
I allude to the FrankLn, the Hancock, and the
Commoawealth Banks And where aie these in-
stitutions now? The late public journals have told
their fate.
It is perfectly tuie that irresponsible institutions,
trembling and failing banks, may be for a time
sustained by foreign aid. An individual who, by
over-trading and extravagance, sensibly feels the
heavy hand of embarrassment, may for a time be
relieved by the interposition of a friend; and I am
free to admit that these three selected banks might,
and probably did, receive temporary lehef from the
public deposites. They are the very class of banks
that would receive aid and support through the
agency of the Government funds. But that sup-
port would be only for a time It would only put
off the evil day. That day of reckoning must
come. It has already come; and their story is mat-
ter of history. I would ask the honoiable Senator
from Virginia whether these are the kind of State
institutions which he would wish to fiwoi? whether
these aie the banks he would wish to benefit by his
amendment?
I must, Mr. President, pursue this subject
further This shows the fatal result of our own
experience undei the act of 1836, and which the
amendment is intended to revive. It is these
practical results, these lessons of experience, which
cannot fail to eul'ghten the public mind as to (he
true character and effect of this State deposite
system, and to show th« inevitable necessity of
some such measure as has been proposed by the
committee.
The Franklin Bank, as I have stated, was ojie
of the selected banks, and did receive a poi tion of
the public money m deposite, but I am happy to
inform the Senate that, thtough. the vigilance of the
head of the Treasury Department, not a dollar
will eventually be lost. My present object is to
how that it is not always safe to rely upon the
official returns of these institutions. This bank
was selected by the Secretary from its presumed
condition, a« exhibited by its official returns, as
well as by the force of pubhc sentiment.
The committee appointed by the Legislature of
Massachusetts to examine into the doings of the
Franklin Bank, have given to the public their
report, and, jf rtiat eommittee have correctly re-
ported the facts, they ought to induce every honest
man in the community, and every true friend of his
country, to use his influence in effecting, without
delay, an entire separation between the Govern-
ment and the State banks.
"The cashier, B F Hathorne, declared before the committee,
that the books of the bank did not show ns actual condition—
that they WERE FMSE IN All IMPORTANT PARTI
CIJLAJiS, and that the return of 1S36 WAS FALSE—that,
while by the return it appeared that the amount of loan was
$,¿93,884, the actual loan was nearly 8.370 000—that while the
return showed $134 207 as the amount of bills in circulation
the actual amount was near $234,000—and that while by the
return, as well as the booktj of the bank, the amount of post
notes out was given at $37,500, the actual amount was §42,000
JEiathorne further testified, that this return was designedly
false, that it might show a better condition of the bank than was
actually true—that he swore to the truth of the return, knowing
it to be false, and mat THE DIRECTORS WHO SIGNED IT
AND SWORE TO ITS CORRECTNESS MUST HAVE
KNOWN IT TO BE FALSE "
[Mr. Clay here inquired what connection there
was between the Secretary of the Treasury and
this officer of the bank.] I will, Mr. President,
with great pleasure, answer the inquiry made by
the Senator from Kentucky, as I have no doubt
that the answer will gtve him great personal satis-
faction. The Cashier^of the Franklin Bank, at the
time these monstrous frauds were committed, and
these gross impositions were pracficed, v, as'no more
related to or connected mth the Secretary of the
Treasury, than he was with the Senator himself.
It is perfectly true, that a brother-in-law of the Se-
cretary had been since appointed to the office of
cashier of that institution; but he continued m that
office for only a period of two months, when he
probably determined that a 'regard to his own re-
putation, should induce a dissolution of all his con-
nection with that bank.
Entirely different is the return from the Mer-
chants Bank, made I presume by gentlemen well
known to the Senator from Massachusetts, with
one of whom I have been long acquainted, and
who sustains a high character for moral worth,
and for business habits
The report says "that they find the bank lo be
in a very safe and good condition," and it shows a
surplus beyond its liabilities of more than two hun-
dred thousand dollars It is only from such sifting
and thorough examination-:, that the truth can be
elicited And it therefore follows, that for the Go-
vernment to ci eate State banks as its fiscal agents,
and to make deposite with themof its public funds,
relying for its security on their offical íeturns,
made from time to time, is hazardous to the ¡n-
teiests, as well of the Government as of the people.
The fact that the General Gorernment has no
power over these State institutions, that, by its own
authority, it could never bring to light the fraudu-
lent disclosures which have recently met the pub-
lic eye, shouldprevent the connection between them
and the Government, which the amendment
proposes.
The Senator from "Virginia has made an appeal
to the Senate to guard with vigilance the pubhc funds.
He would alaim our fears, by comparing the effect of
tins bill with that of his substitute in relation to the
security and safe-keepmg of the revenues of the
country. I will, sir, enter most freely and fully
loto the comparison. And if the public documents
contain the truth, the result will show, that not
only the Go\ ernment has experienced much mote
embarrassment, but has sustained a much greater
loss, through the delinquency of State deposite
banks, than through the default of public «flicers
The Senator has staled that within the last two
\ears the Goternment had lost more than six bun-
dled thousand dollars by the failure of collectors
and receivers, and has leterred us to House docu-
ment, No 111, gn nig an account of " public de-
UulterV as containing ihe most alarming facts and
damning proofs of the hazard of this measuie.   I
have with great carefulness examined tkatdeeft 
men , and as it has been referred to by the Senator
from Virginia as the ground work m his partca-
Iar attack upon the Independent Treasury Wl> 1
must ask the indulgence of the Senate in gtwug 10
tbem the results of that examination. In feci**
place, I will undertake to show how flie Senator
must have proceeded in his estimate of the toss
which has been sustained within the last two yeaps,
through the default of public officers. The whol 
amount of the reported defaults of the collectors
of the revenue, district attorneys, and of all that
class of officers immediately connected with the
collection of the customs, for the last two years
is                                                         #126,832 65
The amount of the reported defaults of
the receivers of sales of the public
lands within the same period is          476,478 26
The reported amount due from officers
of the customs, on account of oflietal
emoluments, is                                    11,786 68
Making an aggregate of             -       $615,087 59
The same document contains explanatory notes,
and in almost every instance exhibits the exact
state of the accounts between the Government and
the reported delinquents. And although the print-
ed tables of the document show this amount of de-
faults, yet the subsequent pages of the same «toeu-
ment most fully and satisfactorily explains this
whole matter. My attention had been previously
drawn to this subject from having seen in one of the
Eastern journals substantially the same statement
which is now brought forward by the Senator from
Virginia.
"From this list we take the sums which are reponed as
o\un<* by tho^e officers, which fell due m the years 1836 and
1337 only
In the same report we find as d°ba>r or defaulter, lC J Ii*
cprsgll DiS( id Attorney, Philadelphia, due ]2,th January,
\Z37, g7t>,4Ql We quote the words of the report If our
memory «erve^ u&, Mi Ingersoll has been one of the most vehe
mem declaimers against all banks, and a most thorough going
ad^oca'e of me Sub Treasury scheme, for which the Globe
has lavishly praised him
"From a list of Receivers contained m the report, who were
out of office on ihe 12th of October last, whose names and sure
ties, and the balances.«landing against them, arising from sates
of public lands paid orer to them, are given, we take the follow-
ing amounts,wmehfelldue, by such officers, lit theyears ISS6
and 1837
"The aggregate earns give  in Ihe report, under She two
heads of Collectors and Receivers, stated as (¡as fmw litem,
amount to some millions. The asms we &ave gir^ta aii^e,
amount to more than srx hu^bheo tkousanb  o£lajis m tftós
SPACE OF TWO TEAKS OSIV'"
It mu\t be familiar to every member of the Se-
nate how these balances occur against collectors,
and those officers charged with the collectien of the
revenue arising from customs. When they retire
from office, they are charged not only with the
moneys the) maj have received, but also with all
retenue bom's reraaimn  in their hands. This last
item would be discharged at once, by handing over
the same bonds te the district attorneys.
Among ihe items in the first table, and which
must go to make up this startling sam of |600,000,
is a balance of |76,491, staled to exist against C. J.
Ingersoll, the late District Attorney in the eastern
district of Pennsylvania; and yel the very docu-
ment shows that m asserting its claim against Mr.
Ingersoll, the Government was only able to sub-
s'annate a balance of §3,985 "78 against this
officer. This course Mr. Ingersoll felt bound to
take, to wipe away the odium which bad been at-
tached to his official character, by having been
charged as a public defaulter. This is not all, sir
It is well known that this same individual is prose-
cuting his further claim against the Gorernment,
which, if allowed, tí ill not only wipe away e<,ery
dollar of the judgment against him, but leave a
balance of thousands in favor of Mr. Ingersoll. So
much for this case; and, upon a careful examina-
tion of the explanations given in this same cfocn-
m n.t, it will be found that of the f 186,822 65,
stated to be the «urns due from collectors, etc. the
Government will not, m any probability, lose a
sum equal to ten thousand dollars. The only item
which, I think, can be set down as an absolute loss,
is the sum ot §8,777 25, due from H. Peake, late
collector at Alexandria.
And with reiercBce to the recorded defaults of
leceivers at the \ arious land offices, ihe balances
standing agamsi them, in three-fourths of the cases.
