Jan. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
25th Con-&-..-2nd Sess.
Relief of the heir<t of Richard W. Meade—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
protection he asked or claimed The delay in the
ratification of the treaty was not that of our Go-
vernment but of Spam; and it only remains to de-
cide whether the acts of the Spanish Government
and Mr Meade, in reference to hi"? claims, per-
formed during that delay, could change the duties
or liabilities of the UnttedStates, withouttheir con-
sent. That he considered a proposition too plain
for argument, and he would not attempt to spend
the time of the Senate upon it. The UmtedStates
h as a party to the treaty As such the negotiator
on its, part signed it, m conjunction with the nego-
tiator on the part of Spain. As such, it consented
to the tiansttiission of the treaty to Spain for rati-
fication. As such it was received back by the Pre-
sident of the United States, with the ratification of
Spain, and sent to the Senate, for its advice and
consent to its ratification on our part; but to any
m ermedia'e transactions between Mr Meade and
Spam our Government was not a party, and could
not be bound
Theie wat, still another view of this matter,
how ever, w hich had been presented and urged, and
which required a moment's notice. It had been
Said that Mr Meade's request to our Government
to protect him bv the treaty was subject to revoca-
tion by him, at his pleasure, at anj time before the
treaty should be fully ratified, and that his memo-
nal, before alluded to, transmitted to the Senate
with the treaty, contained that revocation, and the
inference was thence drawn, that the ratification of
the treat}, without an express exemption of his
claims after this act on his part, had made the
United S'ates liable to pay his full demands against
Spam. This was an argument proceeding upon
the assumption fhit the treaty did provide for
the claims of Mr Meade, and did, therefore, dis-
chaige Span from them, and, without admitting
the ?s>umption, it would be answered in that
aspect.                  '
What, then, was the foundation of the argu-
ment1 Here was an individual who had left his
own country, and domiciliated himself abroad; had
entered into extensive contracts with a foreign
poner, from which claims had arisen, or were as-
serted, in his favor The foreign Government did
not sett'e, or pat, and the individual appeals to his
on i Govei nraent for protection The case is one
in which, vv t'io'it Irs appeal, his Government has
no right (o interfere, and, even under his appeal,
is not ho'i'i 1 to not ce His Government, howe-
v er, is negotnim" a treaty with the power in ques-
tion, ernbiacmg, among other things, indemnity to
its citizens for wrongs sustained tiom that foreign
power, and. as an act of favor to the complaining
citizen, consents to cover his nghis by the same
provisions of a treaty which protects those rights of
its other cit zens, ivhieh it is bound to protect The
treaty is s'gned, and the faith of the Government so
far pledged to its fulfilment, when the single citi-
zen, whose irterests have been cared for at his own
sohcnrtion, as a mere matter of favor, not as a
duty, comr-s foiward and dissents to the latification
of the treaty, and the ledemption of the faith of the
nation m tms respect, unless he can be preferred to
the citizens whose claims the Government was
bound to protect, and his w hele claims, principal
and interest, can be paid <n instant cash as a part
of the means to cairy the treaty into effect. The
claim of the citizen so ungiacious is disregarded,
the treaty is ratified, he being left to avail himself
of the indemnity piovided tor others, and this is
made the ground ot a liabdity against his own Go-
vem nent «opa/his vshole claim. The statement
of'he aigr i°nt was the strongest remtation he
con! I" ve li
Was tlrs i ght of levocation peculiar to that class
of claimants vvhos  rights the Government "was
not boanl to protect, and did they, in case their
Government should consent to favor them with its
protection, possess such an advantage over those
who could chu n, as a mattei of right, what the
others must solicit as a mere favor' Would u be
contended that thecitiren thus favored had placed
in his hands, and under his control, the fate of the
treaty to be made, or that his Government must, as
the penaltj of ratifying a treaty against his consent,
pat whatever demands he might choose to prefer,
as claims he intended the treaty should secure to mm?
8
If this ground should not be assumed, and this pre-
ference given to such as asked the protection of
their Government as a favor, over thosp who rested
upon it as a right, then would it be contended that
all claimants under our numerous treaties for in-
demnities could, by coming forward at the moment
wheti a treaty for their protection was about to be
ratified, and protesting against its ratification, with-
out full and instant provision for the payment of
their demands, either arrest the treaty, whatever
national rights might be involved in it, or charge
upon the Treasury of the nation their whole claims'!
What Government could submit its foreign rela-
tions to such caprice, or could encounter such
responsibilities' Would not the pr?etioal effect ot
such a rule be to put an end altogether to the at-
tempts of Governments to protect their citizens
against the aggressions or injustice of foreign pow -
ers? Such must be the efect, and the establish-
ment of such a principle would be as hostile to the
interests of the citizen as it would to sound public
policy.
He would now proceed to examine the course
pursued by Mr. Meade under the treaty, and the
reasons why he failed to receive the ¡ndemm'y
which that secured to hiaa
The claims to be paid under the treat} «ere, by
its terms, to be adjudicated and settled by three
commissioners, who were to be citizens of the
United Slates, to fee appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Sei,ate,
were to hold their sittings in this ci'y, an 1 were to
complete their adjudications, upon all the claims,
withm the period of three v ears from the time of
their first meeting. The commissioners were duly
appointed, held their first meeting, and organized
themselves as a board to hear and determ ne upon
the claims, early in June, 1821 Mr Meade pre-
sented himself before the board of commit oners,
and assumed and contended thathe w as a clumaat
under the treaty. To show h ■  ddigence *n prose-
cuting his claims before this tribunal, it is neces-
sary to remark, that the date of his first memorial
to the commissioners was 6th January, 1822, about
seven months after the first meeting of the board
The evidence then presented of his claims was
simply the award of the Spanish commission, per-
fected, as has been before seen, on the 9th May,
1820, nearly fifteen months after the treaty was
signed by the negotiators, of the respective Go-
vernments
Two questions were immediately raised before
the commissioners as to these c'aims
First. Did the tieaty embraceclaims ?r,smg upon
contract between the claimant and the Spanish Go-
vernment, and thus not, m their nature oi charac-
ter, calling upon our Go"ernmei t to piotect the
interests of the individual'
Second, Was the pioof of the lecogmtion oft e
claim, given by the Spanish authorities more thsn
a year aftei the conclusion of the trciv, and after
all interest on th« part of that Government in tne
amount, or character, of t! e claim hid ceased, in
case it was embraced by the treaty, evidence, such
as the commissioners ought to receive, to prove its
authenticit} ?
Upon the first point, Mr Meade produced v o-
lummous proofs, and finally satisfied the commis-
sioners that h,s claims were embraced bv the terms
of the tieaty, and obtained their decision to that
effect.
Then arose his duty to piove the c'aims This
he did not men, nor did he ever do. He peis'steu
in reiving upon the award of the Span-sh commis-
sion as sufficient proof, though Mr W said, he
was authorize to say, bv a member of the Senate,
who was one of the commissioners under the w> ,
that, at the fiist presentation ol the claim befoie the
board of commissioneis, jt «as intimated distinctly
to Mi Meade, that the bot>id coiw'eted u to be
their duty to adjudicate the seveial claims, as the}
existed at the time of the signing of the treaty, and
not as the} might have been subsequently made,
by the assent of the Spanish authorities, by an;
mode or form of settlement between that Govern-
ment and any of the claimants.
The final decision of the board of comnv'ioncrs
was in conformity to this intimation, and eonse
quently the award of the Spanish commission, made
more than fourteen months after the conclusion of
the treaty, was rejected as sufficient evidence of the
claims of Mr. Meade under the treaty.
From this state of facts it will be seen that he
was cautioned, at the very first presentaban of his
claims, that other and further proof than that pre-
sented by him might be required. The treaty
showed him that all the proofs must be perfected,
and the final awards of the commissioners made,
withm three years from the first meeting of the
board, and if he wanted proofs from the Spanish
archives, the treaty pointed out the manner in
which those proofs were to be obtained.
Still no effort was made by Mr. Meade to avail
himself of these provisions of the treaty, and to
obtain these proofs from Spam, until the 18th day
of April, 1823, more than twenty-two months after
the board of commissioners under the treaty was
organized, and less than fourteen months before
their final awards must be made, and their powers
cease, by the express terms of that instrument.
The boatd instantly communicated to the Secre-
tary of State Mr Meade's requisition for testi-
mony, and the Secretary forthwith gave the neces-
sary directions in the matter to our minister, then
just commissioned ard about to leave the country
for the Spanish court No complaint of delay or
neglect on the part of any of the agents of this
Government, m obtaining the proofs he sought,
has been made by Mr. Meade, or on his behalf.
Still the proofs were not obtained; and on the 7th
of June, 1824, and, as is believed, on the very last
day of the life of the commission, a decision was
made against his claims, upon the ground that they
were not sustained by the requisite evidence.
A circumstance related to him by the commis-
sioner under the treaty before alluded to, and at
present a member of the Senate, he considered too
material to omit tn this connection. It was this:
When Mr Meade first presented his claim', they
embraced not only what he alleged to be due from
Spam *o himself, m his own right, but the demands
of sundry other individuals whom he claimed to
represent, all, however, covered by the award of
the Spanish commission, upon which he relied as
evidence for all the claims As part of the amount,
there was a demand due to a mercantile house m
Richmond, Virginia, of about $30,000. As soon
as this house saw the posture in which Mr. Meade
was placing their interests, they memorialized the
board of commissioners, praying that they and
their claim might be severed from the other de-
mands represented by Mr. Meade, and be placed
at their own disposal. This request was granted,
an 1 the sev erance took place. The house obtained
the necessary proofs withm the time allowed by
the 'íenty, substantiated their claim before the
boaid, received its award therefor, and obtained
tne i div idend under the treaty This would seem
n show, beyond the possibility of doubt, that, had
Mr Meade exercised the same vigilance, all the
oiher proofs required by him might have been
obtained in time for the action of the commission-
ers upon them.
Mr Meade, however, did not obtain his proofs;
his claim was rejected by the -'board of commis-
sioners under the treaty, for the want of them; by
the terms of the treaty the decision of that board
vv as final and conclusive; and now, as the last re-
sort, he appeals to Congress for relief
Where is the claim to find a resting place herei
Does it erow out of the efforts of our Government,
and of oar authorities at home and abroad, to ex-
ti'cate lum from prison, when his private difficul-
ties abroad had brought him into disfavor with the
authorities of a foreign power? Most surely not.
This is not pretended. Does it grow out of the
efforts of our minister in Spam, and of our au-
thorities at home, to persuade the Government of
Spam to make a just and equitable settlement with
him? No This is not pretended. Does it grow
out of the favor of our Government, in attempting
to secure for mm that indemnity by treaty which
he repeatedly solicited, but which, from the nature
of his claims, it couid only grant as a favor? This
is pretended, but hehaddabored in vain, if he had not
shown that the pretension waswholly unsupported,
evea u^u the wssumpuon that the claims were
