DIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS5
Mississippi Election—Mr. Branson.
H. of Reps.
ration of a point which, to my mind, has created
more difficulty than any other point in the ease;
and which is, whether this power was executed by
the Executive—whether, in fact, a writ of election
ivas issued to fill the vacancy, or whether, from
the wording of it, the writ was in fact a nullity,
and totally void from the beginning. I wifl  how-
ever, at this stage of the argument, digress á little
while I notice another point, which I supposed had
been conceded by almost all of this House, and
which, if I understood the committee correctly,
was unanimously conceded by ¡hem; and that is,
that the members now sitting, if elected at all,
were members of the entire Congress; that if" the
vacascy was filled at all, it must, of necessity, be
filled for the whole unexpired term. The language
of the Constitution is, that if a vacancy happens
the Governor shall issue writs of election to. fill
such vacancies—not to fill a part of them, but to
til! the vacancies; and he might as well issue a writ
of election to 611 the office for three days or three
weeks as for three months. If he possesses the
power to enlarge or abridge the vacancy at all, that
power is unlimited.
I notice this point not to go into a discussion of
it, because it was sufficiently discussed last session;
is familiar to t'.ie minds of all, and, I believe, al-
most unanimously conceded. I assume it as a fact
that if the Governor, by his writ, had a right to fill
the vacancy at all, it must be for the whole unex-
pired term; and then the question recurs, did be do
it? His proclamation or writ was in the following
language:
"By Charles Lynch, Governor of the State of Missis-
sippi, lo the Sheriff of---------county,greeting:
"Whereas, the President of the United States has
Jan. 1838.  ________
25th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
members oí the Twenty-fourth Congress went out
of office. Mississippi ihrn had no members in the
Twenty-fifth Congress. If the had no members,
was there not a vacancy? The office existed; thai
is admitted on all hands; it was not filled. Was
her representation full? Certainly not: she had
none. Suppose the State of New York had only
sent thirty-nine members here at the commence-
ment of this Congress, instead of forty; suppose
that one of the districts had entirely omitted or for-
gotten to send a member; would any man doubt
that there was a vacancy in the representation from
JMew York? But, say the gentlemen, there would
be no vacancy, because there had been no person
elected to fill that office, and the vacancy could not
happen until there had been an incumbent who had
died or resigned. Suppose again (for I will put
extreme cases, to meet extreme cases put by the
gentleman from Mississippi)—suppose a whole
Stale had neglected or omitted to elect their mem-
bers to the Twenty-fifth Congress, would there be
no vacancy from that Stale, and is there no power
granted by the Constitution to compel the filling of
such vacancy? Most assuredly there is. "The
Executive shall issue writs of election," &c. It is,
as the gentleman says, imperative; the Executive
must do it. As to the question, whether it must
fall out by accide.nl, whether a peculiar and techni-
cal meaning is to be given to the word happen, I
shall only refer to the arguments of the last session,
when that matter was fully debated, and, to my
mind, it was satisfactorily shown that "to happen"
is equally applicable to things which occur m the
ordinary and regular course of things, and which
are foreseen or foreknown, as to things which oc-
cur out of the ordinary course, and which are not
foreseen or calculated upon.
But the gentleman says that there is another
clause in the Constitution, which, although noticed
by the committee in the report of the last session,
yet seems afterwards to have been overlooked and
lost sight of; and he complains that while we hus-
banded with much care the " Executive clause,"
as he terms it, and which I have quoted above, we
forgot altogether the "legislative clause," i. e. the
clause in the fourth section of the Constitution,
which provides tha' " the limes, places, and man-
ner of holding elections for Senators and Repre-
sentatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the
Legislature thereof;" and that this clause was, m a
manner, turned out upon ihe commons, left to go
a begging; and one would almost suppose that the
clause had suddenly been rescued from the rubbish
of ages, after having, for a season, shared the fate
of the lost tribes of i>rae!: certainly it seems to be
hailed with as much pleasure by the gentleman as
was ihe prodigal son, on his return. Now I be-
lieve, sir, that neither the committee or the House
were unmindful of that clause of the Constitution,
but that it was duly considered, in connection with
the others, in the decision of that question at the
last session. True it is, that not only the power is
conferred on the State Legislatures of prescribing
the time, place, and manner of holding elections,
but xt is made their duty. This clause, however,
refers solely to general ejections, and not to special
elections.—(Vide Hoge's case, C. E. 153, 1Ó4.)
And here, by the way, I thank the gentleman
from Mississippi for an admission of a point which
I als« consider settled by this case, and which, to
my mind, is very important m the consideration of
this question; and that is, that the powers conferred
on the Governor and the Legislature of the States,
are independent and distinct, and not concurrent;
and, to my mind, this furnishes a strong argument
to show the propriety of the exercise of this power
by the Governor in this case, independently of
legislative enactment*.
The Const! tution having conferred the power on the
State Legislatures of choosing the time, place, and
manner of holding elections, it became their duty
so to exercise that power that the object in view
should be ^accomplished; and not to exercise it by
halves, or in so bungling a manner that their State
should be only in part represented, or represented
only a part of the, time; and a vacancy may as well
happen from the imperfect exercise of that power,
as from death or resignation. Suppose the Le-
gislature did not exercise the power al all, would
their refusal or neglect to act deprive the State of
a representation, it seems to rat most obi'ious,
that if the Leg.slaittre either ne™!.- rted to act ai all,
or if they made such inefficient provision, as only
half accomplished the object, so that the State was
wholly or in part without a representation, or so
that she would be represented only a pirt of the time,
that then, ipso facto, a vacancy happens, and may
be filled by the Governor's writ of election. Again,
suppose by some mistake or Legislative enactment,
the State law providing for the señera! elections,
only related to one district of a State, and the other
districts were not provided fer— would there not be
a vacancy? and how is lo be filled, except by pro-
clamation of the Governor? Vacancies thus oc-
curring, appear to me tobesuchasareconteroplaled
bytheclau.se in the second section. In fact, if
they are not the whole object of that clause, as I
view, it may be completely frustrated, and the
House of Representatives virtually annulled by
the act of the Legislatures of the different States.
Let me put a case: suppose that all the States,
like Mississippi, held their elections in November,
and all had, by legislative enactment, fixed that
time biennially for their general elections. The re-
sult would be, that, from the 4th of March to about
the 1st of December—nearly nine months—there
would be no House of Representatives: and if yon
deny to State Executives the right of issuing writs
of election, there would be no means of forming
one under the Constitution. Suppose, to carry out
this case, that in April or May, a war should sud-
denly break out on both sides of the Union: to use
the language of the homrable gentleman fiora Mas-
sachusetts, suppose "the candle sho-dd be lighted
at both ends"—Mexico and Canada—with perhaps
an insurrection m our own borders, ihe Florida
war on hand, and an exhausted Treasury, and an
army not sufficient to cope with 1500 Indians; ye',
according to the construction attempted to be given
to the clause in the 2d section of th-" Constitution,
there would not only be no House of Representa-
tives, but no means of procuring one. For six or
eight months the country might be ravaged by fire
and sword, and subjected to every evil incident to
such a state of things, and yet we could have no
Congress to act in such an emergency. The gene-
ral elections would not be held till November; and
according to the doctrine contended for by tie
claimants in > his case, the Executives of the States
would have no power of issuing writs of election;
and we must remain six or eight months in such a
state of things without relief. The clause confer-
ring power on the State Legislatures, in the fourth
secion, would thus be made an instrument to de-
feat the very object in view, viz: Ihe keeping up of
a House of Representatives; an I that v h:ch was
intended to preserve, would be made an tnstruntgtit
to destroy. The doctrine is monstrous, and lea.I;
to absurdities too glaring to be íoleif led.
I am aware, too, of the extrema en-es v,v, ch
may be, and are, put on the other hand; that the
Executive may, in this way, always supersede the
general election, and that it makes him orh:s writ
paramount to the legislative enactment. It is a
power that may by possddiity be abused in those
States situated as Mississippi; but while the possi-
bility is that such abu--e may happen, the probabi-
lity is strongly to the contrary, as no Governor
would dare to be guilty of an act of such gross
usurpation as has been supposed by the cases put
by the gentleman from Mississippi; and morcv (r,
the whole thing is easily and quickly remedie.I hy
a legislative enactment of the State fixing the t-me
of holding elections, previous to the expiration of
the current Congress.
This, in fact, should be done in all ¡he Str.te ;
and the propriety of that course :s man.iVs!. i,->!
only for the reasons above shr.v a, but fr.-m th-
fact that most of the Suites have <>.iip; d tr...
custom.
I cannot, from all this, resist the conclusion that
the Governor had the power to issue his writ of
election to fill the vacancy which existid in the
representation of Mississippi in July last, and that
if his writ was issued, and an election duly held
under it, the vacancy is thereby filled legally and
constitutionally; and this brings me to the conside-
convoked Congress to meet on the first Monday of
September next; and whereas, a vacancy has
occurred in the representation of the State of Mis-
sissippi in the House of Representatives of the Con-
gress of the United S'a'es, by the expiration of the
term of service for which Messrs. Claiborne and
Gholson were elected:
"I do therefore issue this writ, authorizing and
requiring you lo hold an election in your county
on the third Monday and day following in July
next, for two Representatives to Congress, to fill
said vacancy, until superseded by the members to
be elected at the next regular election on the first
Monday and day following in November next; and
I do moreover enjoin you to conduct the same, in
all respects, conformably to law, and make due re-
turn thereof to the Secretary of State. In testi-
mony v hereof, I have hereunto set my hand and
e?.u«ed to be affixed the great seal of the State, at
the ic.wn of Jackson, this 13th day of June, 1837."
The Governor recites the vacancy—states how it
occuned,and then orders an election "to fill said va-
cancy." Thus far he is correct—he is fulfilling the
imperative duty which the Constitution imposes on
him—but he goes farihpr, and adds a clause whteh
he was not authorized to do, declaring how long the
members elected "to fill said vacancy" should hold—
"until snperseded,"<fec. he says. Now the question
is, whether that clause shall be considered as sur-
plusage, or whether, by means of it, the whole pre-
ci'i',j;ng is rendered null and void.
Surplusage is that which Is inserted in an instru-
ment over and above what is necessary to accom-
plish the purpose intended, which may be stricken
out, r.nd yet leave the instrument entire and per-
fect for the object in view. In law, something in
the pleadings or proceedings, not necessary or re-
levant to the case, and which may be rejected.
The plain and obvious intern of the proclamation
was to fiii the vacancy, as app 'ars by the pream-
ble-, and this in pursuance of an imperative consti-
tutional du'y resting upeu the Governor. He ac-
cordingly to frames his writ as to completely ac-
complish that objest; but he goes farther, and de-
ciares, as he had no earthly right to do, how long
the persons elected shall hold. This is surplusage,
because the law and constitution had fixed the term
of service, and the " ipse, dixit" of the Governor
cannot alter or-abridge it; his remark on that sub-
ject is totally irrelevant, and is surplusage, and may
be rejected as not relevant to the case.
