126                            APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                     Jm, im.
—--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.-----------------------------------------------------------------------™------™----------------:----------------:------------___~—----------,--------—---------.........■«■■'........W.i.,.1,1   ...■■■............      .    ............■.......■".i.. .. .^.iug4yl.i.  I      I...
¿5th Cosg-"-2vp Sess._________                   Msmssippi Election—Mr, fíronson.                                                            H. of Heps.
Let me put a familiar case In many States,
perhaps in all, the sheriffs ot the different coantieo
are bound to give public notice in some newspaper
of the time and place ot holding general elections,
statins what officeis are to be voted ior, etc Thi
terms of sei vice of all such officers arc fixed hv
law or ine constitution Now suppose the sheriff
should ignorantly or wilfully insert m the procla-
mation the length of time such ofheers are to sei vr,
and in stating the time, should abtidge 01 enlarge
the constitutional term—will any man undeitaketo
say that such matter inserted in the proclamation
would not be surplusage, that the whole proclama-
tion and election undei it would be void? It I am
right, thjretoie, in these premn-o, the conclusion is
irresistible that the Goveinoi ot Mississippi was
not only lull} authoii/ed 10 issue his writ or pio-
clamation to fill the vacancy wInch ousted m Juh,
but that he did do it substantially and tullí. Undtt
that writ an election was dul> held accoidins; to all
the foims ot 1 i\v, at which the sitting membei-.
were fairlv elected by laige majorities Thislatui
fact is not disputed
But, sir, pasting by all ihese aigoments, I insist
that the decision of this matter at the hststs-mi
was final and conclusive, and c uinol, i1 ou4,ht not
to be now-lest meled, u> 1 ss lot t'iiiuil oi limit/n-
imta tin
I will first ni 11      )i   i i   h      ti-'iin   its oi tin
gentleman horn M s is ippi   i this p u i, and i i
was, that the adopt ion oi tin usolu u u ot la t s, .
sion, \\ is mcitl/ an etyrtssi m ot   c pinnm in tin
pan of the Uotist, and not a judicial u < isnui
Explosiono! op ii in ' A iiiiH'" s limn (it uitl
decision was novel ma ! ' y tins lluusi Ai tin
very commencement ol ihe e\ti i «essm , < \ ui In -
foié the memheis wtit sworn, an obj v lion w,s
made lo th"ii!ihti>l the silting numbers ¡o m its m
this House At the i.uhesi piaetitallo moment
the nialtei was refund to the Commune of Hei-
nous, who vveiednie n 1 lo iiicmiie and reportas t >
their credentials, and "uhetiur tluy me mrmba\ i/
the Twenty fifth Cowp m or not" The coinimuti
examined ini > the mallei, and leporkd on tin lsih
September, tint the} vine dul) ck\U I uittnbiist '
the Twent)-filth Coneress, an I, as -uih, «in hi
tied 'o then sols Tus us ItilKii w.i lulh d -
bated lot nianv d iv\ on 11 th s k ■■ i l I n .¡m I  i
and after malim del n i i i n, in t in ' di < u ion
the lion c ailop i 1 th n o1 i ion n i'n .11 "Hi -
bei,b\  a  ,i t   il   11^ to  I !
This itsolutin il,(lmt\ Hit ful, in it M srs
Claibt ine aid (em 1 m ate duly c tiled minibus
of thh Ttti iilv-flith < o mies and its adoption is i
judicial ikci mu of th s lion e, vvlui h is the hi In si
and only tub mal loi the sculcmeut ol such mai-
lers.
Suppose we adop' ¡he resolution now tinder <oi -
sideration, which  tleclaus that Ales is   Print ss
and   Word   are   «oí   memoirs  ol   tin   Tvvcim
filth   Congress,    and   an    not   entitled   lo    eat
in   this   House   as"  sudi,   and   which   is   wry
similar  in  language  to  the one   ol   lit   >i>.....
«ill the  gentleman si, th t the  ad< pti >n  oí tin
resolution is a men   n|rMm oi c| ni n, and in
a judicial ckci'o i     11   ihe i< olui c n , ow   «u '
eonsideialon shm!'  hi adopted, when me gc nl -
man g«s. back  l> Missi* ipp , and is   tskedhi
this question has  bef n oecickd by ibis 11 mse  «   ,
he say,  Oh'  it  In    not leen dmdtd    t all, lb
House have mereU i pieved  n o/witeii thai in -
self and Mr  "Word me not minibus, eVc 1   iN",
sir, hewou'd sa}   no such th ti-i     Tnitdtcisi u
was, and this vim made will n<-, a julicnl ¡< -
cisión, expressed m all the strer s h and foims ol
law
Agim it is sa 1, t ->t '.. U nz c< m/anee oí
this miller, the Hon > hivevi t ti } v.<ld<lliis
point, and op ne 1 'u m iter íor i re a '/itliuttioii
Let us see low ¡bis quest) n no v e ,«"- b In
lbs House. Jles-rs P-en'jss .ill' \V<u 1 pies n
their claim and demand seals Would die Aiitii-
man have us linn them out of doors without a
hearing 1 We cannot tell but they ma> si ow -< m<-
good ground for reversing the decision ot last s< s-
sion—fraud or misiepre-entation, or peihaps the}
could show that the proclamation was alorger} ,
a great many facts might exist, which would pre-
vent the House from interposing the punctple of
"res jiMÍteata,  II is only alter the Hou*e has
entertained the matter, and become possessed of
the whole faeus, that they are competent to detei-
mine whether the question has before been judi-
cially determined—whether the principle oi res
adjmltcata can be applied ; and it would be strange
indeed, if, in ascertaining the facts to see whethei
they should apply ll tf pune pie, Ihry should, by
that action, deprive themselves ot the right to
apply it.
But, sir, it is contended that the decision of the
last session was tx ptalt, that it was not between
the same parties, and thereiote, not hmdim? upon
them, and that neithet Mississippi nor the claunauis
h'dany nonce. Now this is putting it upon the
gioundofa lonner lecmeiy tu judgment in hat,
and appHmg to il all thoke nice and technical le-
lulions which are iiecessaiy lo suppoit a pka, of
former reeovery, < r jud;m«nt m tui
There is much dilteienec between such cases and
the piesent fits adjudtcata is w hen a legal pi mil-
pie is settled, oi when an mtt ^notation is r'iven as
10  some puntillar i lause ui die laws or the Consti-
tution bv a compelen liibun.il, alin due ileliher.i-
ti ui It tin n hi lomes ,i ¡bin.; adjudnaitd upon, n
piini pk stitlid, \>\ wluth til 11Kt tasisthcr alur
i isul-hallln >ow imd,an t ninth lion «spmil'}
it tb sum r 'hi is nm Kid no I n \ «i i-ic ul s id
h v't, Hitiiij isatnbuntl in a judicial upaniv,
w til on runn principles ami tkt'isiuns thus st>lemnl>
m t ,. d
I,oi us, then, set what his been adjiiilitaltd and
si >kil in iihtiou lo this matter fcsu, it is tin
tb il when tin ic'tthti t kt lion lor membeis ol Con-
,.i<ss is, bv Un I m of a p ii In tiliir Slate, ¡ivtd at a
Unit tona u' sequent lo die louilb ol March in tin
Vi ir in which a new Coiigit s begins, that ihci v i-
c tney ll.tis tie.tled m Ihe lepietc nl Hum liom lb il
^i in- may be filk 1 \i\ a w nt ol spi < ni i lot lion, to
le i sued \y the tiovc rnor umbi tin c I mm in tin
s •( o i 1 stctn II Ol the f'olisliliitiull, ¡till tll.tt tilt
|iiu>n orpeisonsttiuschosenaii nit nihil lot tin
it in under of th ti < iui"ii «,
siich was ¡lie pi ii ipit tit < nit d il ilit la 1st sum,
end a .itini.siu eonvtijuc net tluieti, tin sitting
un ml  is mi ir (I t ¡ ut, | Jul} cktlt I as intmbis
o'  ibis C iii^rrs
H i    n  in u c    ii,   diliinitii  dul  tin   it sinl
11  uitiaiits to tin e.its are in w piiin ,lh ti ilieiri lu-
ll >n h is since law n pi iee,oi tl tl tin St ite oi tin ni-
st 'ti s wen mil notilitd at fin loiim i ill i ti stoii of
this in > in, To illustrilt t'tts siijipose die
hUc ill is i n had 1  i ii in ule }e lis ai n mitliliu
to v tram v thus lillui bv lb Uo iinoi ol ( m-
n i In ill If tilt ptmeiple siitiut in ¡i i t asi Iioiu
("■ unci tttnit w is ¡iru i Iv tin i  ' tscin jiimi;
iiuu iioin iVlississippi tin ib i si in in dm i ist
ions- of course be tin urn , om tboti-,b all t i tbe
pimislo tins use we c iiitn iran„iis to the
lust
1!ik 1 do not, bv ait} tin in , ulirnt th it < vi n ihe
ptrii'iart. not the   aim now \   it Uu li t '■ smiui
It W |s pe ifi t | •• 111 li fsiiio I It ll," II II lit th l! Ibc
1,   1      II   II  W   I      It I   II     I    Old  S     llid  .11 till    I I   t Si    SiOII,
t 0 a una in lint .. m ' on m tbi Statt of
M          |>,n   I  i th    \ nciiilti   i h ' In a, ll it  ollm
in  ii ' i I li 'it .11 I ¡in In I V «ill I he |i t in d It
that i 1 ñu i   (  t   ti i ,   if   ' i   1 d in   I i    ii ol   I i
tiii'memlii , tb tli i il'i'ir I njii u!v on this
1 r, tin i tb tiriniii ¡'ion t v it i u iw in m llu
em   iss) Tt,t] nt t  sutil i  die ir ii urn    It   be   uel)
11 although vtc I'ulii not It now lb it lb' lib titn il
¿e ntleinen now iliurnn,' the st its would be the
tins, vet it was urgitl m I uppjsid tint sotin
Uvoceiilkmen wouldsubinil lili'- vtry c laitu Mrsis-
ppi was not foi gotten m tb tt n litis1, tie i lb i win
tbe li-thts of the p, out t nt manís live r t ok' 1 \y t
wtie in tins ihlemm i we must < ilm i t ' i ' to
In tt .Statelier repr< n in m ,'t i «in i t <' i
sr s t ui, which m ght be t If" ¡it si i up ni nit tí lb'
v In'', or we must th t hire in' mnnb n vvli tli s|ip
then en to us, wttrt dul) cketed í< r the whole
ti i in 'Xhr re was no alternative, and aim careful
levic w of the «hole case, the* latter tkcision was
made, aftei full debate and solemn arguments
Bat ¡t is alleged that the House acted under a
mistake of the lacts, and this mistake consists
simply in the fact, that Messrs. Claiborne and
Gholson diá not submit to the committee the certi-
ficate of the Governor or Secretary of State, Which
declared them to be elected for the called session
only, or until superseded by others, to be elected
at the regular election in November. No , if,
from the omission to produce that identical paper,
there had arisen any mistake as to the true facts
of the case; if the House had been led to believe
that the election in July was different than what it
purported to be by the writ of election! or that on
the face of the papers it was not intended by the
Gavtrnor to be an election for the extra session
only, then complaints might be made that we acted
under a mistake, but how was the fact. By re
cm ring to the events of the last session, it will be
well remembered, that «n the very first day of the
session this objection was raised It was publicly
staled here cm this floor by Mr. Claiborne, that the cre-
dentiaKof lumsell and colleague were on their face,
only forihe "called session." It was then referred to
the Committee of Elections, who reported a copy
ol the writ of election, which I have before ad-
vened lo, and which, on its face, declares that the
members to be elected under that writ, were to
hold until «ihers should be duly elected in their
place at the  tegulai election in November. And
this wnt was the inundation upon which their whole
c ise rested, upon which all their rights depended.
That showed clearly the whole case, and as the
nunmitiee well remark, the certificate of the Go-
vt mm could make no earthly diflerence, and would
have made none m their decision. It could do no
inoie thnn ceituy the fact of election under that
win, and m pmsuaiice of it Of that fact there
was no question, it was proved aliunde. Suppose
tbe (¡ene i nor had certified generally thai the sitting
mc mix is wire elected, withtjut saying for what
tune, oi in any «ise limiting their term; it could
n a have helped th mi, they must go back to the
wnt of th c Hon is the basts of ih-n right to seats,
ami as tin Inundation ol flicu tilla to membership
in this House \nd on Ihe other hand, if the Go-
vernoi h ttlc erlided that they were elected only lot
one month, or tint a months, that would not have
alfeied Iht t aso, ihey still must t;o back lo the writ
as the basis of .ill their rights Tins writ was be-
fóle the committee and before the House, and there
wat no scut ol misapprehension as to the fact It
was on all hands perfectly undeistood that the Go
v' rnor had done all that in hint lay, to abridge
then term of service, and the tjucstion was fully
and distinctly presented to the House whether he
had any i phi to do so
The production of the Governor's certificate
would   only have bei n  cumulative  evidence of a
I  ti t winch was conteded and not at all disputed,
wluth wa- piriectly proved, and which was well
understood, vi/ that the Governor had intended, so
lar as he was able, to limit their term oí ser-
vice
Am I not right, thtn, in saying that the principle
iiaiictlUd at the last session, under a lull know-
ledge oi all tin facts, under no mistake, and with-
out any inn ipprtht nstuti on the part ol this House
in n Idiion to tins panic ular point, and that the de-
c i urn is, uul on hi to be, binding upon all parties?
And ibis position is entitled to additional weight,
win n vto bear m mind that it was in favor oí the
s une pit lie , now here, who insist upon retaining
tht n scats, and m full view or anticipation of all
tin lactsuow existing;, and with the lull know-
ledge that just such claims as are now urged,
mii'ht, and probtbly would be, urged against the
sitting members
Ilia let i s look for a moment at the gross iijus-
li< t ol the revr rsal oí our decision of last session,
mu only iowaids the sitting members themselves,
but tow anis the ¡-state oí Mississippi    They came
II  re under a doubtful claim to seals Their right
was thill nged They at once appeal to this House
as the highest and onñy tribunal to decide their rights.
They nr^c a decision, and finally on the 3d Octo-
bei, the House, by solemn vole, declare and decide
them to be duly elected for the whole Twemy-fifth
Congress, and entitled to scats. They are virtu-
ually told that they need not go back to their con-
stituents ; nay, more—they were compelled by the
