TO THE CQNGRESSION
Mississippi Election—Mr. Parker.
then adopting their acts as the fair expression of
the people of that State, and this too, when it ap-
pears from the returns which I have before alluded
to, that the claimants (Prentiss and Word) did
not get a majonty of the whole vote given at the
November ek-clion, (hough they did get a majority
of the Congrefsional vote.
But I will not dwell upon this point, the state-
ment of the facts, to a mmd not enveloped m pre-
judice and impervious to conviction, is amply
sufficient to exhibit the glaring and manifest injus-
tice of reversing our former decision But what-
ever may be the opinion of this House as to the
correctness of the decision of the last session, either
upon constitutional grounds or otherwise, and if
this House should see fit to reverse it, I cannot see
how, upon any principle, or in any just view of the
case, the election of November can be adopted and
the claimants recognised as duly elected. To call
that aa expression of the will of the people of
Mississippi, and to say that Messrs. Prentiss and
Word are fairly elected, would be a greater ojt-
rage than even the reversal of the decision of last
session.
One remark further, and I will close this argu-
ment, which, perhaps, has already borne hard upon
the patience of the House.
It was contended by lbs gcn'Seman from Missis-
sippi, (Mr. Prentiss,) that tne siumg members
should not and ought art, in fairness, to m-ist
upon the decision oí the last session, or to en'rsnch
themselves behind it; that they ought not to raise
the point of ' ,es adjadicdta," but that, waiving all
advantage v Inch might be had, and all rights
which may have been acquired under it, they
should open the aicument on the mam ground, as
though the question had not been once decided.
They wer  ehal'^ngen to this course, and their chi-
valry and honor appealed to, to abandon a poj it
which they, <3tid moie particuhilj their tnend  m
Mississippi, a"d I think a la'ge. majo'.'y of the
voters of Mi'S'Ssippi, will consider as conclusa e
and impregnable
The entreaty or challenge reminded me of that
given by Richard Cosur de Lion to the famous Sa-
ladla, at the last interview which we read of in. 10-
mance between those renowned wainors m the
days of the Ci usades, when it had become apparent
that the league bet« ecn the Princes of Christen-
dom was at an end, and that their power was
broken When Richard proposed to enter the lists
with Saladm, and bys ngle combat decide the long
vexed question between the Chns'ian and Paynim
as to the possession of Palestine, and even in lan-
guage of entreatv besought the Saladin to consent
to run at least three comers with gnrded lances
Saladin adm tied that nothin? could gne At ra
greater pleasure 'han iO entei the tournament wiih
a vvamor so renowned, t'iat he cod' desire no
greater ea^thlj honor, and thai should he be \ an-
qmshca, it woti'j insure mm not only a speeds, bu'
glorious p-Rs-agc to Paiadise, Dut he well kn«w >oo
that the Christian aimy was about tobe riispeised,
that the possession of Palestine would be uiuis-
putedlyw ith the fo'bwers oí the Piophet, and he
wise v and pi id '¡it'v replied, ' Vían Ins given the
possession of Jerusalem to the tine Delivers, ai 1
it were but a fiaptms of God and the Prophet ¡o
peril so mighty a stake upon the issue oi such an
encoun'er, and upon the prowess of in y single a>an
I have no right to give up those advantages which
have been iairly acquired by the faithful, and be-
long io all the followers of the Prophet.""
GLOBE.        __________     nf
H. of Reps.
session when I gave a silent vote in favor of the
light of Messrs. Claiborne and Gholson to hold
their seats as members of this Congress, and at the
present session when the same question was again
agitated, but the vote of this House, rescinding the
resolution of the last session, has necessarily
brought before us new questions for* consideratioa
and we are now called on to determine whether-
Messrs. Prentiss and Word shall be receiveé 39
members, or whether we shall send back all th«e
claimants to Mississippi to abide the result of anew
election. Under these circumstances, it becomes
my duty to lay before the members of this House
and the country the reasons that influence me in.
the course I am about to pursue, that my votes
may not be misunderstood.
The representation from the State of Mississippi
became vacant by the expiration of the term of the
Twenty-fourth Congress on the fourth day of
March last. The term of the Twenty-fifth Con-
gress then commenced. Circumstances rendered
it necessary for the President to call an extra ses-
sion of the Twentj-fifth Congress, to meet on the
first Monday of September and the election of
members would not take place, under the law of
the Stare of Mississipp , until November. That
State would, therefore, have been deprived of the
inestimable right of representation at the called ses-
sion, if no provision had been otherwise made for
filling the vacancy But it was piovided by the
second article of the Constitution of the United
States, that "When vacancies happen in the repre-
sentation from any State, the Executive authority
thereof shall issue writs of election to fill such va-
cancies."
Deeming this provision applicable to the existing
case, the Governor of the State of Mississippi issued
his writ in pursuance of which an election was
held in that State in July last, when Messrs. Clai-
borne and Gholson recen ed a majority of the votes,
and were declared duly elected They were quali-
fied and took their spats a' the called session. It
had also been dec!ared b - the Constitution that re-
presentatives in Congress should be chosen every
second year.
This House having the exclusive power, under
the fifth section of the Constitution, to "judge of the
elections, returns and qualifications of its own
members," the questions were submitted to the
House, whether Messrs. Ciaiborne and Gholson
were legally elected; and if so, for what length of
time they were entitled under that election to hold
their seats These questions were patiently inves-
tigated by the Committee on Elections, and fully
and ably discussed in the House, and resulted m
the decision that they were dulj elected for the en-
tire tei m of the 95th Congress, and a resolution was
adopted to that etiect Trusting to the legality of
this decision and the good faith of the House and
supposing the question finally settled, Messrs
Claiborne and Gholson did aot return and present
tneiriselves before the electors of Mississipp for re-
election m Not embei. Messrs Prentiss and Word,
though perfectly aware of the decision of this
House, announced themselves as candidates m
Not ember last, and running without opposition,
I easi ooiamed a majority of the ro'es given for
leprts^n itives ill Congiess, appeared here as con-
testants for the sAats, and after a long and anima-
ted controversv, this House, by a trifling majority,
has been led to the extiaoidmary result of rescind-
ing he resolu'ion solemnly and deliberately adopt-
ed at the last session.
Feb. 1838._________
25th Cong-"-2nd Sess..
decision of the House to remain here during the
session. I say compelled, because, being declared
duly elected, their duty required them to stay until
Congress adjourned, which was not till the 16th
October, leaving them barely time to return to the
State ot Mississippi to stand the canvass for the
November election, if they had felt so disposed.
In the meantime the decision of this House is pro-
mulgated to the people of Mississippi. They are
informed that Messrs. Claiborne and Gholson are
declared to be duly elected for the Twenty-fifth
Congress, and that any election of other candidates
m November will be nugatory and void; and
some, at least, of the people of Mississippi, did rely
upon that decision, and did not cast their votes for
members of Congress at the November election.
How far this idea influenced the election m No-
vember, it is impossible to tell, but, by refemng to
the documentary evidence in this case, as reported
by the committee at this session, it will be seen that
in at least seven of the counties wheie, at the July
election, large majorities were given to Messrs.
Claiborne and Gholson, not a single vote was cast
for them at the November election, and only a very
small vote for Messrs. Prentiss and Word, and
many other counties a great decrease of votes m fa-
vor of Claiborne and Gholson, without any corre-
sponding increase in favor of Prentiss and Word
and it further appeals that the entire vote for Go-
vernor at the November election was 27,702, while
the entire Congressional vote for Prentiss and for
Claiborne, being the two highest candidates for
Congress on each side, wasonly 19,909, thus show-
ing clearly that nearly 8000 of the voters of Mis-
sissippi,who actually attended the polls m November,
and cast their votes for some officers, did not v ote for
members of Congress, and to my mmd the con-
clusion is irresistible that the votes withheld were
thus withheld in consequence of our decision at
the last sess10n, and this inference is strengthen
ed, if it needed any confirmation, by the fact
which has been stated here by the sitting mem-
bers, that they addressed circulars to their friends
in Mississippi, in allparls of the State, immediate-
ly after the decision of the last session, apprizing
them of the same, and at the same time inform-
ing their friends that they (Claiborne and Gholson)
considered the question as settled, and that they
should not be candidates at the November election.
Tne decision of 'he last session became the law
of the land and the law of the case. Eelievmg
in the validity of that decision, some eight thou-
sand of the votéis of Mississippi have stood by
and taken no part in the Congressional elec-
tion in November. They have suffered it to
go by default, and now, sir, it is proposed to
reverse that decision, and adopt the November
election and the candidates theii elected as the true
expression of the popular will. I w ill not dwell
upon the gross and outrageous injustice of such a
reversal towards the sitting members—of the palter-
ing with their rights and interests which this House
would be guilty of by such a course. If the last
spark of justice is not extinct in the breasts of the
members of this House—if they 3 et retain one chord
of feeling, which vibi ates 10 the touch of conscience,
they will pause long before they perpetrate an act
so unjust and so palpably oppressive to the silting
members. But, Without reference to the.r indivi-
dual rights, how and in what situation would you
leave the State of Mississippi bv such a íeversal—
canyon put h^r back 111 the situation which she
was on the 3d of Obtober, w hen vou decided that
the sitting membeis were duly elected—can you
place all parties in "statu quo''" If this could be
done there might be some shadow of plausibility
(though none in fact) in reversing the decision of
last session But th's is not proposed. The pro-
position is to lev else that decsion, with the view
and for the purpose of adopting, as niemVrs of this
Congress, those gentlemen who were elected at the
one-sided election of November—of forcing that
election upon the people of Mississippi as the true
expression of their will, thus virtually saying to the
people of Mississippi, in the first place, by our de-
cision of last session, that then representation was
full, and that they need not elect; and, after
some of them have seen fit to disregau! that deci-
sion, and have proceeded io elect other members,
MISSISSIPPI ELECTIOX
REM4.RKR OF MR. P\RKER.
Oi   NfcAV   Yoniv,
hi the Tiouse of Reprcscnlatii.es, F*k, «ni, 5, 183°—
On the amendment pu posed by Mi Howard,
declaring that Messrs. Pient'ss and Word were
not entitled to seats as membeis of the 25th Con-
gress
Mr PARKER addressed the House as follows
I  have hitherto, Mr Speaker, abstained  from
taking any part m this debate, both at the called
Mr Speaker, I wi'l not now stop to inquire into
the ponei oí this House to reverse a decision pre-
v .ouslj- m'de, under which individual lights had
acemed, nor will I now discuss the apedtency ami
propriety of so ddngemus a precedent as ar.uullug
'lie deliberate ad,uil>caticn oi a previous session,
vvh.ch involved the lights and mieresis of a sove-
reign State. The assumed power has been exer-
cised. The House has vacated its former deci-
sion, and whether it has acted justly or tyranni-
cally in this matter, I cheerfully submit to the
people to determine. My own vote is on record, as
my protest against this proceeding.
It has been conceded by almost every member
