128                           APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.   ,               frMfoft
.----.---------------,-------—---------------—---------.-------------------------------------™™—------.----.----—----------^-------~~««™«™„-----..,«.----,----*~~^~,------■*■...........      ■......1'"'      "      "      ..... '     '   "   '*.......^----  '........ ■..M...r.......,!
25th Comg---2nd Sess.                                   Mississippi Election—Mr. Parker.____________________________H. otItepg,
who has addressed you on this subject, that if
Messrs. Claibone and Qholson were constitution-
ally elected m July last, they were entitled to hold
their teats ior the entue Congress, there being no
authority to abridge the constitutional teim.
The question whether the election m July was
valid is therefore still before the House ; for if that
election was constitutional, the State of Mississippi
was fully represented and Messrs. Prentiss and
Word could not have been legally elected in No-
vember. This question has already been argued at
great length, and with distinguished ability, on
both sides; and 1 do not put pose to enter fully into
the discussion of that point. To my mind, the
construction put upon the word " happen" in the
Constitution was peifeefly plain, and m accordance
with its common acceptation. Vacancies happen
when vacancies eicisi. Tne same signification has
been given to this word where it occurs m other
parts of the Constitution. In the second section of
the second article of that instrument, it is provided
that " the President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess o( the
Senate, by granting commi-sions, which shall ex-
pire at the end ot the next session." Under this
section, it was repeatedly held under the adminis-
trations of Mr. Monroi, Mr. Adam " and Cüntiul
Jackson, that the void '■ happen" did mil eonlme
this power to eases oeniritug by death tu icsigiu-
tion, but that it extended id all cases when- ,i \a-
caney existed, tthethu it oicum 1 by the expira-
tion of a previous teim or otherwise This con-
struction was sanctioned by the practice ol Iho.e
Administrations, and supported by the mullen opi-
nions of Attorney Generals- Wirt and Tanev. It
was clearly the desire ol the fiameis of the Consti-
tution to guard agamst all cases of vacancy, end in
provide that no State of this gieat Confederacy
should be without repies-entation in the count ils of
the nation, and no other construction than thai I
contend tor, could carry that intention inlo 11-
fect.
But, sir, if any doubt ousted as to the legulitt o(
the election held in July, it was the constitutional
prerogative of this House to decide upon its validi-
ty. The Constitution had selected it a. the tribu-
nal to judge—had clothed it with lull poweis an I
given it exclusive junsibclion . and Hie  iálatf ol
Mississippi, in assenting I  th ■ Constitution, hid
itselt expiessly conlir.utd the gram. The House
exercised this power at the called .sess,on. It de-
clared the election ol Mews. Claiborne ami tihol-
son to be constitutional dnd valid. Was not the
State ol Mississippi bound hv that ilec i ion i Tnat
resolution was binding and conclusive—at bat
until rescinded ; and was uniesemded and in lml
force when the election was hi Id ill Novmi'o i
last. At that tune, theielore, the leprtsenlahon
from Mississippi was full, and the sttiiug munbei ,
were m the complete enjounent ol all the puvi-
leges, and dischaigmg all the duties ol Rcpiesen-
tatives from that biate. It is tiue th" forms oi an
election in November were oomplml \u h, but it
was the mere Anm—the sha low v. .thout the sub-
stance—an automata.-, movtmen:, devoid ol life,
spirit, andanimation. It, tlieidore.lh* hist resulu-
tion of this House waseiroiieous, it being constitu-
tionally made, and the State of Mississippi a pan y
to that decision, she was bound by it ua'il íe.irsj t
The seats were Idled not only de Jacto, a contend' d
for by my lionoiabie lriend trom Maine, (Mi.
Cilley,) but tie juie, by a legal adjudication; ami
no election coul'd be legally held in Novemliei to
supply a representation aheady h,lcd.
If a disinterested spectator could have listened in
the gallery to all that has Leen said on this question
by the m-mbers who advocate the cl.iirrs ol Mew-.
Pielitis and Word, he could not lad to have been
much amused by the inconsistency oi their argu-
ments, and the apposite character of the pos'tmns.
they have assumed. One rests the whole ease upon
the meaning of the word "happen," and camend > that
it applies only to events that are unioie'ecn, ano-
ther admits the true significaron oí the word in ,'s
broadest sense and bases his argument on other
grounds. The honorable member fiom Maine
(Mr. Evans) deprecates the propriety of referring
to an English Jaw book as authority, and claims
that no decisions of the courts, however analogous,
ought to have any weight in deciding a grave con-
stitutional question; while the gentleman from
Rhode Island, (Mr. Tilunohast) who followed
him on the same side, resorts to the laws and prac-
tice of his own State as the copious fountain from
which he imbibes his constitutional learning. In
answer to the argument that the first rcsolniiou co-
vers tha period of tue second election, th  latter
gentleman insists that when that resolution was re-
scinded, it became void " ab ¡«¡tie," and placed the
parties in the same position they would have occu-
pied if nts resolution had been adopted. lie com-
pares it to a judgment of an inferior court reversed
by n tribunal of appellate jurisdiction. This rea-
soning is fallacious, and, if carried out, «t wld lead
-io a most absurd conclusion; loi it would prove
that all the votes given in this House by Messis.
Claiborne and Gholson, after the date of that reso-
lution, were absolutely void. It would unsettle
past legislation, and involve us in the most serious
consequences.
The honorable member lrom Pennsylvania (Mr.
Bidiue) has warned the House against the dangei
of loiuiing opinions not based on lixed punoiples,
and stated se\ er.il supposed cases by way ol illiis-
tiation, resting, as he mlornis us, upon the punei-
ples oi tie- F.imlish common law. Let in examine
one oi these cases He snys, "A sues 1!, in an ac-
tion of ejectment Ibi a piece of land and recovéis
and lakes possesion,,iihI builds upon it a thiee sto-
iy brick house, and makcsothei \aluable improve-
ment-. Ten years aftei wards a sinewd yaukee
comes along, and on examining the papéis on which
l!'s defeated ntIt  lesied, discovers üiat the judg-
ment against B is erioneous, purchases B's tale,
instituios an ejtrtment suit against A before the
'ame judge, (a judgment m ejectment not being
conclusive,) convinces the judge ol the en or of his
(¡tsl decision and obtains judgment." Hi saysihe
honseaml olhcriiiipro\cmeiUsiuadc by A belong to
the purchaser ol B\ deldi tod title, and tholiaidshipof
the rase could not lie It gaily ui"'ed against the se-
C'tvl recovciy. 1 do nol know, i\li. Speaker, but
nans-actions of Ihit kind may be piaol'sed without
violating the laws of Pennsylvania, but 1 have too
high an opinion ol the motal sense of com-
munity to suppose they would be tolerated in any
St.iii'. If the "sbieud yaukee" should stiay into
■ nine portions of the Union and attempt to engage
in such a >| ecu latum, he would, nt least, tender
himself olvmviou- to th" code of Judge Lynch, even
i! he should escape the reach ol a better regulated
tiditin.il IVo honc'i pi oplr would tolerate such
practices In TVi <v Yoik, mi, the purchaser of such
a title Wind'! not onh be uliji cted to criminal pun-
i-hmnn for a mi dem-anor, bul his conveyance
would be absolutely void, and he could not sustain
the suit biought to tceovei back Ihe land.
I úm surprised, sir, that the g< nth-man should
state, a-aiia'ogous, a case where the riKiil lequire-
ii,enis of the hv.v lead to such in< qiuUblo lesulls.
Much as we admire ihe beaiililnl piopi rtunis and
sMiimetrv of tin. Kngh'li common law, it cannot
be denied but it lues some features, the growth of
Itii lal limes, bv no means adapted to the libeial
an I equitable views of the people of this country ;
and in the twenty-live futes ol ibis Coolcdi racy
in which the common Uw has lx en adopt! d, Us
seventy has been lemp"red by statutory enact-
ment , rendering it more conformable to the spud
ot oui institution'-.
it is tree, sir, that at common law the judgment
in (jrctment was nota conclusive bar to a subse-
quent sua. But the gentle-nan fiorn I-Vnmvlvama
«hotilij recollect lliat it was meiely a ;>w¡< «on/ ac-
tion ; that it did not try the tule to hud, and there-
foie the analogy (ails; fori' wasüV'/i/íf oí Mevrs.
Claiborne and GhoNm to sea's •n th,, I io ise that
was settled !>> the fn-t rc-o'uiioti, the ml- to land
by i lie common law could only be seltled by a
writ of right, and m that action the judgment was
final and conclusive; at all events, so far as the
"ame tribunal was concerned. The only rescm-
1 lance I can discover between the case supposed
by the honorable gentleman, and the case before
us, is in the manifest injustice of both cases.
The same honorable gentleman, Mr. Speaker, |
in alluding to the course pursued on the question
under discussion, has spoken of what he thinks
proper to call "the efforts to sustain a sinking
party." He has not informed us, sir, whether he
intended this reflection as a censure upoti his
own party or upon the friends of the Adminis-
tration. If upon the former, I will not certainly
interfere m their family quarrels; but if this un-
charitable charge is made against the political
parly with which I am associated, though I am
disposed to concede to every member on this floor
the same honesty of purpose I claim for myself,
yet in this case I am bound to cast back the impu-
tation.
We were told, sir, by one of the claimants of a
seat here, (Mr. Prentiss) when helfirst addressed
you at the bar of the House, that he advanced no
personal claim—that he advocated the claim of the
sovereign Slate of Mississippi—and he presented
himself as the knight of that young and beautiful
member of the political sisterhood—the lady-love,
whose gage he professed to wear, ready to break a
lance or shiver a spear with his rival. Judging,
from these repeated protestations of devotion to
his fair mistress, I supposed the gentleman would
willingly consent to refer the matter to the choice
of the lady heiself, and like a gallant knight, sub-
mit to her decision; but when the proposition came
before this House to send back this matter to the
people, his affection seemed to have cooled; feis
confidence in his lady-love appeared shaken; and,
in addressing you the third time, to my surprise he
protested against submitting this question to the
people, and in preference to that course, urged this
House to permit Messrs. Claiborne and Gholson
to retain their seats here.
We should recollect, sir, that the laurels of the
gentleman were nol won on a contested field, hut
that they were borne off by him at the November
eleclion, gallantly it may be, but with no opposing
knight, and without competition.
There is another reason, sir, why I deem it my
duty to vote against the claims oí the contestants,
and in favor of requiring a new election in Mis-
sissippi. It is because the course pursued by the
House of Representatives has operated as a fraud,
not only upon the rights of Messrs. Claiborne and
Gholson, but of the people of the State of Missis-
sippi. I admired the candor which induced the
honorable member from Indiana (Mr. Whitij,) to
say, that having voter! for the first resolution, and
afterwards in favor of rescinding it, he had contri-
buted to the committing of a fraud upon the peo-
plo of that Stale, and felt bound to vote to send
hack all the claimant's, for the decision of the peo-
ple; and I should be much pleased to see other
gentlemen of that party pursue a similar
courre. However pure the intention of mem-
bers may have been in voting to rescind that
resolution, we cannot deny that it has wrought
the grossest injustice toward the sitting members,
and the people whom they represent. Relying
upoM the first decision, Messrs. Claiborne and
Gholson were not candidates at the elect on in
November. The people of Mississippi were ap-
pn.ed of the proceedings of Congress, and con-
fiding in its character, dignity and good faith,
neglected to go the polls. An ex parte election was
held, at which Messrs. Prentiss and Word re-
ceived less than half the number of votes cast for
Governor at the same election. What the result
would have been if the election had been fairly
conteste Í, it is imponible to know; but if candidates
running without opposit on cannot obtain half the
votes ca^t atan election, we can hardly suppose
they would have received a majority, if the election
had been contested.
Ought we, then, to hesitate in exercising the
power conferred on us by the Constitution, in such
a manner as to do justice to all parties? Let us,
then, refer back this question to the people, the
legitimate source @£ all political power. The fact
that the members of this House are nearly equally
divided in opinion on this subject, furnishes an
additional argument in favor of this course. When
the will of the people of Mississippi shall have been
legally and fairly expressed, I have no doubt ail
II parties will cheerfully acquiesce in its decision,
