Jan. 1838.                     APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                   -         133
25th Cong--"2n0 Sess.                     Pre-emption to actual settlers—Mr. Smith, Tipton.                                                 -SeBate,
to ask such a question. He felt a deep and grate-
ful veneration for the memory of these illustrious
men. They were leaders of our armies; but what
could they have accomplished without soldiers'
Was it not a iaot known to the world, that the
emigrants from the Emerald Isle—that land oí
Drave hearts and strong arms—had shed their blood
* freely in the cause oí our liberty and mdepend-
/ ence. It was now both ungratelul and unjust to
speak of these people, m the days of our prosperi-
ty, as hordes of foreign paupers. Such was not
the language applied to them during the Revolu-
tionary war, when they constituted a large and ef-
fective proportion of our armies.
The Senator had asked if he (Mr. B.) would
grant pie emptions to the Hessians/* It was true
they had fought upon the w rong side, and were not
much entitled to our sympathies. Still some apology
might be made, even for them. They were the
slaves of despotic power; and they were sold by
their masiers, like cattle, to the British Govern-
ment They had no will of their own, but were
under the most abject subjection to petty princes,
who considered themselves, by the grace of God,
bom to command them But die condition even of
the poor Hessian has since been greatly improved.
The principles of liberty, which were sanctified by
the Amencan Revolution, are winning then way
among every civilized people. In no country have
they made greater progress than among the people
of Germany. The Hessian of the present day is
fax different from what his fathers were; and let me
tell Sena'ors from the West that the best settlers
they can have amongst them are the Germans In-
dustrious, honest and persevering, they make the
best farmers ol our country, whilst their firmness of
character qualifies them for defending it against
any hostile attacks which may be made by the In-
dians along our western frontier. As to the hordes
of foreigner o£ which we had heaid, they did not
alarm him Any foreigner from any country under
the sun, -«no, altei landing with his family on our
Atlantic coabt, will make his long and weary way
mto the forests or prairies west of the Mississippi,
and there, by patient toil, establish a settlement
upon the public lands, whilst he thus manifests his
attachment to our institutions, shows that he is
worthy of becoming an American citizen. He
furnishes us, by his conduct, the surest pledge that
he will become a citizen the moment the laws of
the country pei mit. In the meantime, so far as
my vole is concerned, he shall continue to s^arid
upon the same footing with citizens, and have his
quarter section of land at the minimum puce.
Some further debate ensued, m which Messrs
WALKER, CLAY of Alabama, LINN, and
others, took part
Mr. CALHOUN expressed himself friendly to
the amendment, and opposed to the bill.
The question on the amendment was then taken
by yeas and nays, and decided in the negative—
for the amendment 15, against it 28, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Bayard, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Knight, Merrick, Prentiss,
Preston, Rives, Robbins, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, Spence, Tallmadge, and Tpton—15
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbea, Ful-
ton, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin,
Lyon, Mouton, Nicholas, Niles, Norve'l, Pierce,
Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Walker, Websier,
White, Williams, Wright, and Young—23.
Mi CLAY of Kentucky then offered the fol'ow-
ing amendment
" Beit further enacted, That all «settlements upoi
the public lands subsequent to the fust d ly of De-
cember, eighteen hundied and thirty s>even, shall
be, and hereby are, s'rictly piohibited, and the
President shall be, and hereby is, authorized and
required to cause all peisons who may settle on the
public lands subsequent to the day aforesaid to be
removed therefrom."
Mr. C. said tins amendment was s'rictly m ac
cordance vith the views presented in the Presi-
dent's Message, and he should call for the } eas
and nays, to see how many might, for the first
trme, run counter to any recommendation from
that quarter. In this instance he would be an Ad-
ministration man fot; onee, and vote for the adop-
tion of the measure. Mr. C. read extracts from
the message of the President, m relation to the land
system, which he eulogized as wis;, and m accord-
ance with the old land system, before thesj miqui
tous pre-emption claims were piesscd upon the
consideration of the Senate.
Mr. BUCHANAN said if it were not so late in
the evening, and if he felt a disposition to make a
speech agamst Executive influence, what an occa-
sion had just been presented for it by the Senator
from Kentucky' That he, of all men, should be
found eulogising the late message of President Van
Buren, and reading extracts from it for ti.e avowed
purpose of influencing the votes of Senators in
favor of his amendment' Wonders would never
cease. On another occasion, to which he (Mr B)
had often alluded, he had followed the leading of
the Senator from Kentucky, and a former Senator
from New Hampshire, but he would now with-
hold his allegiance from this new coalition between
the President and the Senator from Kentucky. He
would vote against them both.
If time permitted, although he could not equal,
he might at least emulate the eloquence of the
Senator who had formerly denounced Executive
influence m such glowing and patriotic stiains
upon this floor. He might say lhat the Executive
power was expanding its \ ast jaws, and was read.y
to swallow up all the other powers of the Govern-
ment. That Congress was about to be annihilated,
and the President, under the forms of the Consti-
tution, about to become the real despot of the
country, when an Execut ve message was openly
read in the Senate of the United States for the pur-
pose of influencing its member' But he would
forbear He had only risen to express his astonish-
ment
Mr CLAY -ft as glad that the attention of the
Senator fro-n Pennsylvania was at length awaken
ed to the dangers of Executive influence He pre-
sumed lhat SenatorN opposition to the recommen-
dations of the President would last about as long
as his own (Mr. Clay's) advocacy of them, that is
to say, for about three minutes, or until the next
Executive measure should be introduced, when he
(Mr B ) would doubtless take tnc opportunity < f
returning to his allegiance.
Mr BUCHANAN said that he should proban y
be inclined to do so, unless that measuie should be
endorsed by the honorable Senator from Kentucky
Mr CL4Ygood humorediy said, "Very lair,
sir, very fair'"
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and lost—a\ es 17, noes 27
YEAS—Messrs Bayard,Calhoun, Clav of Ken-
tucky, Clajton, Crittenden, Davis, Knight, Mer-
rick, Morris, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Robui s,
Southard, Spence, Webster, and Williams—17
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert Fulton, Grundy,
Hubbard, King, Lion, Lumpkm, Ljon, Montón,
Nicholas, Niles, Norveli, Pierce, Rives, Robin-
son, Seíier, Smith of Indiana, Tiptop, Walker,
White, Wng'it, and Young—37.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana then moved an a^joui i-
ment, on which Mr WALKER a'ked the vea-s
and nays, the motion was lost—jeas 21, navs 23
YEAS—Messrs Bayard, Calhoun, Cla) of Ken-
tucky, Clajton, Crittenden, Davis, Kmght, Mei-
lick, Prentiss, Pic-ton, Rives, Roane, Robb n\
Rustles, Srn th of Ind ana, Southard Speact,
Talhnad.je, Tipton   Web ter, and White—21
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbeit, Fulton Gran-
di, Hubbard, Lmn, Lumpkin, Lvon, Moaion,
Nichnl ,s, Niles, Norveli, Pierce, Robmvon, S<_\ ler,
Walkei, Williams, Wught, and Youns;—23
Mi SMITH of Indiana said, since he h-d 1 si
addressed the Senate on the amend inert he pad ori-
ginally offered, to con fine the pre-cinpt.on to huí (s,
the Ind an title to which had been ott,ngnri ed six
months ¡ noi lo il <■ first dav of D cembcr Ips-i, t' e
Snn ''e ii d í^jec td his amendmen*, and the fcen^-
tor from Ternessfe (Mi Whim ) had propr s«l an
amendment which had been aiopted, havng re-
ceived the vote of himself and colleague. By this
amendment, all claims for pre-emptions aie ex-
cluded, to which the Indian title had not been ex-
tinguished at the  time  of the settlement.   This
amendment, his colleague thought, would exclude
the Miami lands, owmg to the fact that the treaty
ceding them was not approved by the President
until the 22d of December last, and the Mi, with
the amendment, provides for settlements offer the
Indian title was extinguished, and by or before the
Irst of December. He (Mr. S.) found, by an exa-
mination of the treaty, that it was not approved till
that time. He had no doubt but that his col-
league honestly believed that such would be the
construction of the bib, and there may be great
doubt about it. He, (Mr. S.) however, believed
that the whole proceedings would relate back to the
date of the contract, the date of the treaty. He be-
lieved this to be the universal construction. He
wished to have the whole matter between the State
and the settlers entirely excluded from the opera-
tions of this bill. His colleague thought such was
the situation of the case as the bill now stands: he
thought otherwise. He did not, however, rise at this
trae to complain of any vole, nor to repeat the ar-
guments he had offered in favor of his amendment,
but merely to say, that since that vote was taken,
he had received an Indianapolis paper, by which
it appeal  lhat the subject had been introduced into
the Senate ot the State of Indiana, by a resolution
instructing the Committee of Ways and Heans to
inquire into the expediency of reporting a joint re-
solution instructing her Senators andrequesting her
Representatives in Congress to use their influence
in obtaining for the State of Indiana the right of
pre-emption, at the minimum price, the lands lately
acquired of the Miami Indians, to .aid and #ssist in
the progress of her works of internal improvement.
Pending the question on this proposition, a motion
was made by the Senator representing the district
including the reserve, to amend by stnKmg out the
\v ord "State," and inserting "all individuals who
have settled on said lands in anticipation of a re-
ne val of the pre-emption law " This motion was
decided by the. Senate m the negative, by a vote of
37 'o 6 The' question recuned on the original
proposition, and after a full argument, ii was de-
cided in the affirmative, by a vote of 39 to 5. The
Senators who voted in the affirmative, were
Messrs. Baird, Beard, Bowen, Bradbury, Brady,
Casey, Chambers, Clark, Cole, Colenck, Craw-
ford, Daily, Dobson, Dunn, Dunning, Elliott,
Finch, Hacket, Hoagland, Kennedy, Little, Mitch-
el', Morgan or D , Morgan of R , Mount, Seigler,
Staffoid, Stewart, Tenman, Thompson of X,
Thompson of L , Thompson of P., Trask, Tuley,
Walkei, Watt, and Wavvter. Those Senators
who voted against the resolution, were Messrs.
Cathcart, Ewmg, Green, Smith, and Watts of D.
The Senate of that State well apprised of the
merits of ihe claims of the settlers on these lands,
rejected a motion to insert them in the resolution,
even of inquiry, by a vote of 37 to 6, and passed
the resolution assuming the vei y grounds that he
Mi S. had occupied before Senate a few days ago on
hia pioposed amendment, bj a vote of 39 to 5. Thus
sustained in his opinion of the merits of the ques-
tion, he felt it to be his duty to move to amend the
bill, by striking out the word "December," and
niseriing the void ' September," if this amend-
ment pievails, it will exclude these lands, and
kave the question open for further consideration
i'i i elation to them.
Tins amendment vas afterwards so modified, as
to read
Pro Ultd, That the lands ceded t"  ti  United
States by the treaty of 1837, with the Miami In
dians m Indiana, shall be excluded from the opsra-
tions cf this act
Mi TIPTON sai I tnat he would make no apo-
lcj to the Senate for trespassing on their attention
even at this late hour, as those acquainted ni.h his
cour e here well knew that he seldom occupied
m i-ii of th ir time m making speeches, but he felt
c "led upon to reply D the remarks made by his
! oior?b!c colleague m support of his motion to
amuict the bill now under consideration, and before
he sat down, he hoped to satisfy his colleague and
a maj irtiy of £he Senate that his amendment was
urn died for. If doubts had existed in the mmd of
any one as to the impossibility of pie-emption
claim resting on the landslately ceded by the Miami
Indians m Indiana, it was put beyond a dourjt by
