Jan.   1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
25th Cong-"*2nd ¡Sess.
Pre-emption to actual settlers—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
tions. I hope it will be recollected that it was Dot
I who first introduced politics into this discussion.
I did not bring forward newspapers here and read
what had been said on one side in the Indiana Le-
gislature. I admit, however, that political con-
siderations do sometimes influence the actions of
public bodies in Indiana, as well as in other Stales.
I have carefully examined the votes on the resolu-
tions heretofore referred to, and find thatevery Wh'g
Senator, with perhaps one exception, went for i¡;
while the httie band that opposed it urgid i'ie
claims of the poor pioneer, and the/ poUcy of me
late and present Administration--. Both the Sena-
tor from Kentucky and my colleague referred with
great satisfaction to what was said by Whig Sena-
tors, but avoided alluding to what was said by
Senators on the other side. I think it wju.d have
been an act of justice to present both side? of the
question. I confess I recur with satisfaction to
what was said in favor of the actual settler; and if
advocating the measures of the Admimstrauon m
relation ¡o the public lands be dragging in politics,
then 1 am content to plead guiliy to the charge.
Although it has been shown that the resolution
was adopted by a large majority of the Senate of
Indiana, I do not wish to be understood as admit-
ting that the vote on that resolution is-a fair index
of ih? opinions of the people at large as to the poli-
cy of granting individual pre-emptions. It only
goes to show how many members of the Slate Se-
nate were willing to ask another grant from this
Government to aid her in completing her public
works; and I advise the honorable Sena'or from
Kentucky not to be too hasty in believing that a
majority of the people of Indiana are opposed tiJ
seeing Congress grant a pre-emption rr-'ht to a
quarter tection of land to an actual settler, after he
has improved it by the labor of his own hand .
A word to the honorable Senator from Ohio, (Mr.
Morris,) and I have done. He tells us that enor-
mous speculations are about to be made, should we
pass this bill, without the amendment now under con-
sideration; and he calls on Ihe Senate to give a vote
that shall prevent it. I have stated that the pre-
emption right cannot rest on the Miami lands.
Upon the subject of speculations, he may be better
informed than I am, but I assure him that I am
not, and never expect to be, personally interested,
directly or indirectly, to the value ol ore cent i.i
any pre-emption that may be, granted or.cbtam "J
by ths bid before us, or the Miami land*, or a- y
other lands.
He tells us that a very large majority cf the In-
diana Legislature is opposed to pre-emptions.
How does he know it? I will thank hnn tur any
information he may see fit to give us that comes
from Indiana; but I hope he will permit me to in-
form him that he is gieatly mistaken if he thinks
that a majority of the yeomanry of that State oppose
pre-emption laws. The large money holders there,
as elsewhere, oppose ihem; but the bone and sinew
of the country, who make their living by the sw.-at
of their brow, each, and every one of them, wo.iil
be willing to accept a pre-emption right to one
quarter section of land at a dollar and a quarter ¿n
acre, if they could get it.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said he did not rise to
protract this debate at this late hour, but to reply to
one or two positions assumed by his colleague,
(Mr. Tipton ) He (Mr. S.) regretted exceedmulv
to hear his colleague attempt to place «his miner
on party grounds. The paper from which both
himself and his colleague derived th ir knowlidte
of the vote m the Senate of their State, contained
the yeas and nays on the question, the same he
(Mr. S.) had read to the Senate. Were Senators
Brady, Casey, Crawford, Daily, Dobson, Dunning,
Finch, Racket, Stewart, Trask, Túley and Watt,
Opposition men. Were they opposed to this Ad-
ministration? And vet these Senators all voted
against the pre-emption to these settlers on the
Miami reserve, and in favor of a pre-emption to thy
State. He (Mr. S.) knew these Senators per-
sonally; he knew them to stand in the first ranks
of the friends of the Administration in the State.
They were, like the other Senators, gentlemen of
talents and integrity, possessing an intimate know-
ledge of this question, and the interest of the par-
ties.   They were, as were the other Senators, gen-
tlemen, he was proud to say, who were governed
by the inte:est of their constituents, and who would
scorn to test their devotion to that interest by party
considerations. No, sir: it was no party measure,
or in any way affected by general politics. In the
nature of things, it could not be. It was not there
so considered, where the merits of the question were
known; and he hoped it would not be so here, where
raaiir of the Senators are unacquainted with its
raer.'.'.
His colleague had said that owing to the value
of these lands to the State, and her situation, in-
v >1 ved ate she i? in debt, with her internal improve-
ment iu progress, he only wondered that even five
ijenators could be found to vote for these settlers,
in opposition to a pre-emption to the S'ate. In
thin he (Mr. S.) fully concurred with his colleague;
and !.e would add that he felt disposed to vote in fa-
vor of what he believed to be the interest of the
State. He (Mr. S.) concurred entirely with his
colleague as to the respectability of many of the
settler.-, on the public lands in Indiana, who would
be benefited by this bill; and for them he had the
kmde«t feeling'. But his public duties to the whole
State were paramount to any personal feelings for
a part of her citizens. He represented" the whole,
and not a part only; and he could not consent to
give £.iiy vote that might greatly prejudice the
whole of the ci'izens of the State, although it might
confer a benefit on the few. He had now fully dis-
charged what he believed to be his duty to the State
he had the honor in part to represent; and he would
close by repeating that he could not vote for this
bill, if the interest of his State was to be compro-
mitled i y it; and he feared it would be, if the bill
pas-es w.thout the amendment.
Trie question toc then taken on 'he amendment,
an-! :->-!—yeas 17, nays 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay of Kentucky, Clajtnn, Merrick, Morris,
Niks, Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Smith of
Indk.na, Spence, Webster, White, and Williams—
17.
KAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Clay cf Ala-
bama, Cuthbert, Ful'on, Hubbard, King, Linn,
Lumpkin, Lyon, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Ro-
binson, Sevier, Tipton, Walker, Wright, and
Your.-.;—)!).
Mr. CRITTENDEN then moved an adjourn-
ment, on which motion the ayes and noes were
calle1 for, and were—yeas 21, nays 21. The
VICE PRESIDENT voting in the negative, the
motion ua^ lost.
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Calhoun, Clay of Ken-
tucky, -JaviS, Knight, Menick, Morris?, Prentiss
Preston, Roane. Robbins, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, Speace, Talimadge, Webster, White, Wil-
liam;-, a-d You.ig—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Clay of Alá-
banla, Cuthbert, Fulton, Hubbard, King, Linn,
Lumpkin, Lyon, Mouton, Nicholas, Niles, Nor-
ve I, Pierce, Robinson, Sevier. T.pton, Walker,
a. 1 Wright—-2 i.
Mr. MORRIS immediately renewed the motion
to o-.'j-Jtiin.    Negatived—ayes 18, noes 19.
M;. PRENTISS then offered the following
amendment:
-Nov shall any person have any right, or be en-
titl?d to a patent, under or by virtue of this act,
without paying, in addition to the statute minimum
price, at least one-half of the real value of the land
above that pr-ce, not including improvements, to
be ascertained by three judicious and disinterested
appraisers under oath, to be appointed by the re-
gister of the land office in the district where the
land is situated."
This amendment was also negatived by a vote of
27 to 10. as fol'ows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
C,¡tienden, Davis, Mernck, Prentiss, Preston,
Roane, Southard,  and Spence—10.
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Hub-
b.rd. King, Lmn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Mouton, Ni-
cho! s, Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Robinson, Sevier,
Smith of Indiana, Tipton, Walker, Webster,
White, Williams, Wright, and Young—27.
Mi. CLAY of Kentucky moved an adjournment:
nega'iveJ—ayes 16, noes 21.
On motion of Mr. YOUNG, the bill was
amended by striking out the part relating to the
cultivation of one acre in corn, small grain, cot-
ton, potatoes, or the sugar cane, and a.substitute
inserted requiring that the settler should be a
householder of twenty-oae or more years of age,
and (on the suggestion of Mr. Webstek) should
be an actual resident on the land for which'pre-
emption should be claimed.
The bill having been reported to the Senate as
amended, it was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading by a vote of 26 to 12, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Hub-
bard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Mouton, Ni-
cholas, Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Robinson, Sevier,
Tipton, Walker, Webster, White, Williams,
Wrijht, and Young—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Merrick, Prentiss,
Preston, Roane, Smith of Indiana, Southard, and
Spence—12.
The Senate adjourned.
Monday, January 29, 1838.
The bill to grant pre-emption rights to actual
settlers on the public lands being read a third time,
and the question being, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said, that whatever
opposition might be made to this bill, in his opi-
nion, some provision of this nature was necessary
and proper, and therefore he had supported it, and
he should now vole for its final passage.
Although entirely indisposed (said Mr. W.) to
adopt any measure which may prejudice the pub-
lic interest, or trifle with this great subject, and op-
posed at all times to all new schemes and pro-
jects, I still think the time has come when we must,
from necessity, propriety, and justice, make some
provision for the existing case. We are not now
at the moment when pre-emption rights are first to
be granted; nor can we recall the past. The state
of things now actually existing must be regarded.
To this our serious attention is summoned. There
are now known t.* be many thousands of settlers on
public lands, either not yet surveyed, or the sur-
veys not yet returned, or, if surveyed, not yet
brought into market for sale.
The first question naturally is, how came they
there? How did this great number of persons get
on to the public lands? And to this question it may
be truly answered, that they have gone on to the
lands under the encouragement of previeus acts of
Congress. They have settled and built houses,
and made improvements, m the persuasion that
Congress would deal with them in the same man-
ner as it has, in repeated instances, dealt with
others. This has been the universal sentiment
and expectation. Others have settled on the pub-
lic lands certainly with less encouragement from
acts of Congress than these settlers have had, and
have yet been allowed a pre-emption right. These
settlers, therefore, have confidently looked for the
same privilege.
Another sircumstance is lit to be mentioned.
Very large purchases of the public land are known
to have been made in in 1835 and 1836. These
purchases exceeded the quantity necessary for ac-
tual settlement; and they were made, in many
cases, in large tracts, by companies or by large
single proprietors, who purchased for purposes of
investment, and with a view to retain the lands
until their value should be enhanced by the gene-
ral settlement and improvement of the country.
These purchases would be, of course, of the best
and ffeshest lands in the market; that is, they would
be in the most recent surveys, or, in other words,
in the sarveyed districts most advanced into the
interior. Now tl have undeistood from good au-
thority, that it has often happened m the Northwest,
(and of the Southwest I know little,) that persons
disposed to perchase and settle on the frontier have,
in many instances, found themselves unable to buy
to their satisfaction, either of Government or indi-
viduals. Government had sold the best lands to
companies or to individual proprietors, and these
last were disposed to keep, and not to sell. Or
they or their agents were either unknown, or were
living in distant parts of the country, so that ap-
