Ja . 1838.____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,________                 137
£5rH CoNG«"«2vn Sess.                        Pre-emption to actual settlers—Mr. Calhoun.                                                        Senate.
eruptions have been obtained by fraud, are the
great body of honest and deserving settlers to be
destroyed on this account? Far, far greater abases
have been committed by combinations of land spe-
culators; and if they refused to pass this bill, in-
stead of preventing fraud and speculation, they
would be protecting these combinations, and aiding
this system of swindling, if he might call it so.
Our sales at auction, instead of being fair and open,
and affording to the poor, as well as the rich, an
equal chance to purchase, have been the means
entirely of benefiting the rich, of defrauding the
Government, and of oppressing and grinding the
¡poor.
If, said Mr. P. you are to contrast the various
speculators on the public lands with each other,
would you for a moment hesitate to decide between
the "bone and smew speculators," as the Senator
from Connecticut called them, and the money spe-
culators, who combine to keep down the price
of the public lands' If, said Mr. F. we asked for
this pre-emption privilege as a bounty, if we asked
lor it as a gift frota the Government, and did not
propose to pay the average price at which, aftei
every effort to get more, the public lands have been
hitherto all sold, we might perhaps be accused of
asking something unreasonable, but when we ask
to be permitted to pay font, and to pay, too, the
highest price which, it would be seen by the docu-
ments on the tables, had ever been received by the
Government, it could not be denied that all that
was asked for the settlers was the protection of the
Government against the speculators, who monopo-
lise all the valuable public lands. Some gentle-
men had said that this bill contained new princi-
ples, or introduced a new policy m the Govern-
ment, but it was not so They were not now about
to enact anew pre-emption system The bill sim-
ply provided that those who actually resided, on the
first of December last, on public land, shall have
the right to enter one quarter section at the mini-
mum price. It gives no right to such as settle af-
ter that day. It mei-ely gives to those who have
settled upon the public lands since 1834, the same
privilege which Congress gave toothers m 1830,
'32, and '34. If, however, the passage of this bill
should encourage others hereafter to settle on the
public lands, ought it to be objected to on this
account, after contrasting the pie-emption with
the auction system''
With regard to the lands in Indiana, acquired
under the Miami treaty, and spoken of as being
worth from forty to fifty dollars per acre, they
would, if put up at auction to-morrow, in conse-
quence of the combinations that would be formed
by speculators, produce no more to the Go\ em-
inent than one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre With these considerations, the friend  of the
bill thought it not unreasonable to ask, that the
honest settler and cultivator should be put on the
same footing with combinations of speculators
This was the whole state of the case. We are
said to be only providing homes lor these individu-
als, who went by hundreds and thousands into the
■wilderness, reclaimed it by their industry, and
while they gave value to the spots selected by
themselves, gave increased value to the adjacent
property of the Government. Yet it was said that
th'se settlers grasp at vast tracts, actuated by a
" heartless, boundless, demoralizing spirit of specu-
lation " That m this way all the best lands are
se.zcd upon, leaving none but the inferior lands
for competition in the market. This view is alto-
gether erroneous. We know (said Mr. F.) that in
Illinois every acre of land is valuable We know
that in Arkansas, prior to 1836, there were whole
sections, containing the finest cotton lands of that
section of country, and although they had been
offered at public sale, no settlement had been made
upon them. During that year they were all enter-
ed by different companies of land buyer"?. He
lamented the loss of a valuable friend who went
there, and purchased for himself and others, and
last year settled on these lands. He went with a
young and interesting family into this uninhabit-
ed region; for he found not a single family within
twenty miles of him He opened a plantation,
and had just time to see the wilderness changed
into cultivated fields, when  he fell a sacrifice to
that enterprising spirit which made him risk so
much m persuit of independence. There were
vast quantities of such lands yet unoccupied, and
if it was not for these combinations of speculators,
these lands would sell when there was competition in
the market, at from twenty to thirty dollars per acre.
It, therefore, appeared to him, that in considering this
important subject, the Governmentshould be looked
upon as a vast landed proprietor, having, as appeared
by the documents on file, millions upon millions of
acres oi land for sale, and hundreds of millions of
acres ready to be brought into market. One ques-
tion then presented itself. Having ascertained
that, in consequence of the combinations he had
referred to, the price was kept down to the mini-
mum fixed by law, the only question for this great
proprietor to consider, was whether he would per-
mit the mdustnous cultivator who goes with his
family into the trackless wilderness, and builds his
cabin, to purchase at the price at which only he
can sell his best lands at auction or at private en-
try, or force him to purcnase h>s improvement at a
ruinous price from tne land speculator, or, as was
pioposed by the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, force him to pay half its ascertained
value, instead of the price at which he sells to all
others. Having permitted his wild lands to be
occupied and cultivated by settlers, without moles-
tation in all past time, after vast portions of his
territory has been explored, opened, and brought
into view, by a hardy and daring race of pioneers
and settlers, who have thus caused the rapid settle-
ment and sale of tus waste possessions, whether he
will peimit these pioneers to purchase a home from
him at his selling price or will he sell the labor
and impro vements \\ hich these poor pioneers have
added to his lands to companies of capitalists, to
be sold to them at such pricss as their tender mercies
may induce them to fixupoti their improvements'! In
such a case, it is easy to determine v.hat a just pro-
prietor would do. The new States have been set-
tled in this manner Multitudes who have gone
upon the public lands, have no knowledge of the
law supposed to prohibit them from settling upon
them, and do not believe they have violated any
law, or interfered with the rights of any man. They
have followed the lead of thousands of others, all
seeking to better their condition, with, as they sup-
posed, the sanction of their Government; and will
this Senate now fix a brand of criminality upon
all such' o' will it submit to have the noble spirits,
who have conveited our western wilds mío power-
ful, flourishing and independent States, to be de-
nounced as public spoileis, without standing for-
ward in their vindication' Will the country tole-
rate an act of injustice to such a people' No, sir,
never.
Mr. C iLHOTJN said that he had remained si-
lent during this discutió1, from the conviction,
derived from the experience of the last session, that
all opposition would be unavadmg Nor did he
rise now with die least expectation of changing the
i ote of a single Senator, but simply to s'ate the
grounds of his objections
If the passage of th s bi'l would terminate the
pre-emption s}stem, he, for one, would not object
to its passage, for he felt, with the Senator from
Massachusetts, that undei the influence of the pas-
sage of similar bilk, many persons had made im-
provements on the public lands, of which it would
be almost cruel to deprive them, and he regretted
that the Senator, who had turned his attention to
the subject, and who was so well qualified for the
task, had not incorporated some pt o vision in the
bill to terminate the system, as he was equally op-
posed to its continuance as himself. Had he done
so, the bill would have íeceived his support, but as
it is, he was compelled to vote against it.
Considering it, then, as the continuation of a sjs-
tem of passing acts from time to give, giving to the
occupant the pre-emption m the sale of public
lands, he would ask, when and how the svstem was
to terminate' The passage of every additional bill
but confirmed and strengthened it. The same exi-
gency that passed this, would increase the necessity
of passing another hereaftei, and that a subsequent
one, till it would terminate in the surrender of the
public domain to those who could first seize on it,
unless some means should be adopted in time to
terminate the system. Now, sir, if the surrender
would be to the poor, but honest and 'industrious
settlers, giving each the one hundred and sixty
acres of vacant land on whicli he might settle first,
to be a home for himself and his family, he would
have no great objections. But would that be the
end' Would it benefit the man, with many chil-
dren and but little money, who might desire to emi-
grate to the West to improve the condition of him-
self and family' His opinion was, that its termina-
tion would be directly the reverse. Instead of
benefiting the poor and honest emigrant, the
system would operate, m the end, to the almost
exclusive benefit of the rich, the strong, and the
violent. Let it be once firmly and universally
fixed in the public mind, as it surely will be under
its operation, that the public lands belonged, of
right, to those who can first seize them, and the
result will be, that the mom m a treaty is held to
extinguish the Indian title to a tract of land, and
long before it is sabmitted to us for our ratifica-
tion, an armed body of men, acting for themselves,
or wi h speculators, v " rush into it, and make
themselve masters cf Cie country, and would ex-
act more from the poor and peaceable emigrant for
the liberty of settling, than the Unued Stales would
for the quiet fee simple of the sot/.
If he was correctly informed, the Ioway country
had been already seized on by a lawless body
of armed men, who had parcelled out the whole
region, and had entered into written stipulations to
stand by and protect each other, and who were
actually exercising the rights of ownership and
sovereignty over it—permitting none to settle with-
out their leave, and exacting more for the license to
settle, than the Government does for the land it-
self In confirmation of this, he would ask the Se-
I cretary to read a letter which he had received from
an em grant to that region, with the view to make
a settlement, and how he fared there, the letter
would show. In desiring it to be read, he had no
expectation that it would have any influence over
the vote of the members His object was to turn
the attention of the Senate to the actual state of
things m that quarter, m the hope that something
would be done to provide against the evil in fu-
ture, and to put ai end to a system that led to such
results.
[Here Mr. C. handed the letter to the Secretary
to be read, but arter various objections to it unless
the name of the writer was given, which Mr. C.
refused to do, from the hazards to which the dis-
closure, if made, might expose the writer, he final-
ly withdrew it ]
He said, as the reading of the letter was objected
to, without the name of the writer, he would not
press it, but would give a very brief summary of
its statement He (the w riter) stated, that he emi-
grated with a view to make a settlement, that the
country consisted of a small portion of woodland
to a large portion of prairie, that the latter was only
valuable in connection with the former, that the
woodland had been seized on by large bodies of
armed men, who had marked out and designated
their respective possessions, and entered into writ-
ten stipulations tor mutual protection. He says
that he was driven about from place to place with-
out being permitted to form a settlement, that he
finally offered to purchase a place for which a most
extravagant price was asked, and was at last com-
pelled to purchase at a rate tar beyond the Govern-
ment price The individual wrote ¡ike a man of
intelligence and sense. He stated that his life had
been menaced, and that he had been informed that
the lues of seieral intruders had paid the forfeit.
Whether these things were so, oi not, he did not
vouch, but he felt a certain com íction that such
must be the final termination of the system, if it
has not already reached it, and on that account,
among other leasons, he objected to it He had
no objection to people emigrating to the West, in
the hope of bettering their condition; and if it were
possible to pass a prospective law, giving to every
man who w ould settle oa 160 acre  of land, with
the view to impiove and cultivate it, a pre-emptive
right, without opening the field of speculation and
violence, he knew not that he would object to it.
It would be almost unnatural in him to be opposed
to the brave and hardy pioneers.   He was the ua-
