138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18Í«.
25th Cong-"-2\d Suss.
Pre-emption to actual settlers—Mr. Lyon.
Senate,
mediate descendant oí one who spent all the active
aad vigorous portion ot his lite on the frontier, and
won his home by his courage ñora the savage ene-
my; and he had, theiefore, a feeling m common
with those «ho vveie the professed objtets oi this
bill. He objected to it, because it would not effect
that object
lie had another and strong objection to the per-
petuating the system    So long .is it continued, it
was utttrl) impossible to pre\tnt questions in ieh-
tion to the public domain iiom i mining into, and
controlling, the party politics ol the da)      ft w as
too great a stake to be drawn into parly snaggles,
and ought to be withdrawn without .tela*, or other-
wise, they would in a shoit time be gambled away
by the combatants ot power    The swem, as it
stands, operated well enough m the mtancv oí the
Republic, « hen the new ¡states tonsiinitod so small
and utnraporiant a portion ot the Union     Win n
he iirist entered into public lile, theie weie bat thiee
new States, including Kentucky and Tennessee,
with Ohio, but now there weie nine, excluding the
two fitst, which might now be considered old biatct
These young oflapnngs of on is have ahead} lb out
of 52 Senators on this tloor, and, with the o -opi i.i-
tion of 8 from the old Stales, had out-hall ot tin
Senate    Instead ol repining d this state ol thin,"-,
he rejoiced at it     He  gloried m then   uotiduliil
and unpatalleled growth    Uhiv  .u   out disteiid-
ants, and he ronsulertd die vast and i n^hi) West
but as the minutante ol oui postu ij, I   stowtdou
ns b) a kind Providence   In  settltmoii  ami im-
piovement     But ha could not close his t)cs to th>
fact, that this mighty and  still  i,ipidlv-pro0rtsmis
change made a thou ugh and iadio.il ch.in.it in out
land S)stem indispensable    !so long as the present
«ate ol things continue,   j m   will hi\e  18 solid
votes from   the   in w  Stales fui   a  c minimice
ol    tht    pie-emption    system,    \vi h   the   wliob
weight  and    influence   ol    the   public   domain
constantly   btanng   perniciously   on   our   paitv
htruggles.    Ol this he became fully ¡oiivmtid < a
the discussion oi the  land bill at the 1 isi st -.si m,
in which he look an active p in     Tin i mhi (lir 11
satislied htm, that  so  lung as tin pi i sun si ¡u ol
things cmitinufd, il was mipo    bh   ti¡i¡i  mill
incessantrgitatim.il ill   sulijuiii |mi> <   lul,
ol the pissa^e ol any   piiiitiilu I  w   wluoiolhti
the   new   hiaies,  <n   pun   <   n    1 ii    us   m _, i
bung loiwa d     UwimnIi   . u  .   uipl u i ii   n
set      Itgitw    ut '   lh<  u ilu v- >l  ihiii„s  ami must
t ontmuc so Ion ' as lint conimuc t
Under thesi nnpn smihis, Ik turned his un nin u
at the last ws'im low ids a lomeil) , and ai'ir
careful investigation he w ild discovei but one, and
that was to plate the new States in mii Ii at uidnu n
as io the public lands within their mpilin
limits, as would nloiiifv thtir mien I with that "I
the old, and (or thai pwp v b< introducid a lull
to cedí lo tht in the pu da I.n1- u ¡urn tin  .
States, und^i C( rum Kindlons « ! i 'i lu i m-
tuidui to sittiri themuri oi ih ii' v il ml
p] ici   the   «In H         I in        'IT    i ' ni i ' i nip i
betwet n the Urn rn in it i ,d tit i v Mils m
tinier to give it stability ai i milumiiv II s r<-
fleclions, and the additional exponme denial
fioni the pustiit cea uní, have sati Ii t hi n tt u
there ought to be no deli} m cilti mg t oliunri,
au l he thought tht one he Hun orb r< I «a*; t n t« st
that could be devised, but he v. is n it ii u,k ions,
and il there was a be'ttr, he hop"d that it un  |
be presented He would c>'tiim v ii'ienlei hi
for one that mi¿hi piom se n niual oi mon i *l 
tive remedy for the gio wn_ evil
He felt much ícluctatice at miking a lir in w
on the s'lbjtct lit knew llu, «liievt b, ti0h'
forward a Measure of i us Kind, wu.'u i *p ei m-
self to the imputa un oí niter, i ii itn * , aad,
though he wastoiscious thit tie  a aot uctu i' d
bv any such, as he desiicd nolhiiig o th- Govern-
ment ui the people, he. had been ptculnrlv Inn to
such imputations I v.sth^m r< sir i fi th.a he
¡should be, a-1 c hi 1 sh \ u o hi '  re.ai 1 'o p iptt
lanty or favor as to tak , for tie >j lien vcu>,
under a sense of duty, the mc<-f like v ccurs^ thai
could be to make one unpopular, still ne cculd not
exempt himself fiom such imputations, though h'
felt conscious there was so little justice in them, that
when duty demanded it, lie had but little choice be-
tween a popular or unpopular act.
Not desinng, for those reasons, tts take a lead m
proposing a lemedy, he would wait and see wheth-
er a ) othet Senator, moie competent or conver-
sant with the subject, would, but, ii not, he would
not shun t>ie lespons-ibility o! again oHtung for the
consideration ot the Senate the bill he inuodueed
at the hst si «¡cm, as the oul) lemedj , in hit  opi-
nion, capable ot leaching t'.i di't ise
Mi LlON said the lionoiablc Senator fiom
¡south Caiolrna, (Mr Ouhoin,) who had juot
taken his seat, icmarKed that In lived irt an old
State, and, not knowing anv thing iiom personal
ohseivation ol the stue ot dungs in the new States,
he in <;ht be mistiktn loncenung them Mr L
be! eu il he n us mist ¡ken md he emettamed no
doubt that i' he had lud the ad\ antage ol peisonal
obsei VMtioii tin' , he would be as much in favor of
the poltt\ "fthose Sia.es, m itlattou to gumting
pio-emptnm ujit tositiUts on the public lamls,
is anv tat in'11 oi t n Sen ite Theie is, said Mr.
L but o i. cliss.i | olitu uins who, in my opinion,
have anv t tuse to In opposul lo such a polio, and
the hen in i it m .s ah (. aiohna is not oi that
i uiss
i'he si i.emi ¡it> ci «taint d in the loiter which the
.Vint i had i iwul, in iclition to the vltlcis on
the public land-. m ilnl part ot the Teintoiy of
Wistoiistu wisi i I the Mississippi tlvoi, were pro-
aibly toirut witn some lew exceptions. The
Miii'inint howi iti, dial tht wnier i mild not (md,
in tin vili. < (iiuntrv-, a pito ot «ood land lltiocew-
pid, nw hidi to s, t(i,. hi us. Il, and that the set-
tl ishal lonind t mbmaiiou  to keep others off,
and tun ii iln insfl ts ail tin ^tiod hnds, IMr
1 1. ii i I i I  untiu Though the Tiuitoiy of
Wist. usía h is bet n sel ' n í vt i v iapidl> uithm the
I isi iv o in tliue m us, s mi. Mi I, I, u| been theie,
In ''in w wr\ i i II ih ii i >Mo mu«l suit u>maiu tin-
Mi upiul linn Ir Is ol tho i iti Is ot ai res of land
mi b Ih st! s, | t'ii> Mi sis ipptuvti, ol ns good
iptiliiv a^ ¡ iii'd In I mi I in anv ("ttriln, and he
kiiti the In «i ill m I ' i in tons i h iiaciei ol the
pi oik Muí i m v i in 1 In vi, bu a monitni, that
.on  p i < n          " tin ii   wiin  tht   mlt nliiiii   ot bc-
i mi i ' ni o ¡i I s hr in ¡In- lotiuiiv would be
in it d lud     i , tmisc vvhi   h id "one hi but him
1 In v h >\i , t i tiuo, form il ¡ire emplioii soeie-
t , iiisioii Mi s mpi tin ii in lis ol which Mi
1. lut itn pub1 sh d ii i ii i i I the neuspapeis,
am ni u ui win Ii inn Ii- liu inemhers ot such
soi  ii an i 11 i'oiiil ti pirehi'*. ( ich a
',1111 I "it ii ir "ii hiiiid'ril md M\tv ttiii
u. land un in luij Ii nipt 'u nnnt, without any
i lipiiilim In o I' i i un i on mbi is 11 tin public
i s s,il( }j H , j¡, tj^ , |n i ii formi d \iy tne
tl!i>i mi iln ptili'n I Hi's in tin Stale of Mi-
ch ,'iti
\n t (  in!   Mi   I     I     i nn'  ii ' «o very tuoig
ill          I'ln                ii    i   nt mpUi no it sistante,
o       i      o    i                i   i   i   il  t'i    p ibbt     all s,
f         *      ,        n    I    f n i   i siubid agunst
* !     ft                  Ii      ii    i     i i      d i   o, as thou„h
iom b i 1 ii I nil in 1 (Ii tin ruber mtrely
[in I'i tin ins l> I'll, On y will not disturb
i ,k'i i Ih i in i i p c n n I Iln ii ou n nnprovi -
in U i I in K i vVi i n i hue been a long
Urn v itnlu I'i ins 1, Hadlinn 11 en brotndit into
m ii i t i> > ii s on , v i re w ml il fot settlement,
th h «oin I u > l rt n in oi ( on loi the Imma-
i ' ii ol  th          i   iii   br evo y  mm  could then
hut In ii "lit th , io >i • waittid for one dolljr and
n nt -fi etc ' an k c Ihsislhf price of the
t/iiuinndu nid no 1 in 1, 1 owcvci ',toj, lying ii
- Iv-irri- I 'l.i I Kid , eepeciali) .'nv e nistdt-
ri t il ui ( oi -i I iti(c, ( m evir be i ort'l
n ce I' i ¡nAo sid, ) m (>,( vi rv n ilun if
thin ' bli sh nd ho i oi th m'ue Why, Mi
Pn 11 m, s i i Mr L v > .i it in t in 0 (-. la 11
v iln il ' ' Wlut b t s i rr.c i , i uUii ilion, and
i n¡ n v nn ' N n ii ", i Wii' k ul I any
'i .in. M I t ' i ' oíd n 'm ititi'i , bit wild
i id uncu i ' i • 'i n w r t i / th. Poi ky Moun-
t tins? W u 1 h irvt a I'ol'ar m u re' Would
In ' ne (ft\ (("Hi  t- u cents, (i e\( h five cents an
<icu ' Il ne won i h' might b .< c it and welcome,
against any thing that 1 would giye     What would
any man give for the best land lying only even
fiity miles in advance of settlements?
Why, sir, said Mr. L I know something about
this matter. I have travelled some forty or fifty
thousand miles, at different times, and in different
diiections, through the woods and over thepratneg,
in all parts of that vast region bordering on the
Great Lakes and the Upper Mississippi river, em-
bracing a country as fettile as any on the face of
the globe, a country, too, which has been and id
now filling up xvith population laster than ann
other portion of the United States; and I have
seen but very few tracts of land that have evei
been sold, or would ever .sell, lor more than the
Government price, before they were reached
by the advancing settlements, however rapidly
their value might increase afterwards. It has
been to tin oughout the whole northwestern States,
and it was so m the empire State of New
Yoik. * A gentleman of great respectability,
now residing in the city of New York, informed
me, not long since, that some time about the year
1790,1 think it was, said Mr. L. he received as
secuuty fol a loan of only sixteen thousand dollar?,
a mortgage on the whole county of Ontario, which
then embraced neaily, or quite, the whole of that
State lying west of the town of Utica. How many
hundieds of millions the same land is now worth, I
will not pretend to estimate; but, whatever may be
its value, the increase has been caused chiefly by
settlement and imptovement; the same process
which the settlers on the public lands hi Michigan
and Wisconsin are now carrying on, and which
has already caused the wilderness theie " to smile
and blossom as the rose."
Yet these settleis have been denounced by the
Semitoi from Kentucky (Mi. Clay) ai ' land pir
rains,"" plunderers," "robbers'" Do they deserve
such epithets? Whom have they robbed1 Cer-
tainly, not the Government They aie ready to
pay for the lands they occupy all the Government
could have sold them lor 1> d the policy of the Se-
naloi fiom Kentucky been adopted, and the settler 
kept oil those lands They h-tve committed no
waste , injured no one, either the Government or
any individual They have, in truth, been of ser-
vice to the Government, by giving additional value
to lands, lying m the neighborhood oí their im-
provements, and thu«s enabling the Govern-
ment to sell those lands at an earlier period than
it could have done had their improvements
not been made. The Senator fiom Mississippi
(Mr Walkkii) proved, incontestably, fiom the
public documents which he read yesterday, that
tin  average puce per acte, for which the public
lands hive b<en sold since .he date of
the pit -ttnption law of 1830, has been greater than
it was (or several yeais pyeviou  to the passage of
that law, and that the average quantity ot lands
annually sold, and the amount ol money paid into
the Treasury, therefor, has bei it increased since
the passage of that law more than three hundred
pertuit over the avenge annual amount oí pre-
vious salts' This is sufliocntto show that the Go-
vernment has not been robbed, that the Govern-
ment has no cause to complain of the effect of the
pie-enipt on law ,—and jl the Government has not,
1 ask who has !
But it is Mid these settlers are trespassers and
intuider , lhat they have violated the laws in set-
tling- on the public lands, and therefore, ought not
to ra eive the projection and encouragement which
this bill will give them What laws have they
violator? Laws, sir, which do injustice to eveiy
poor man in the United States who is unable to
pun h tso land, and seeks ahorne where he can sup-
port himself and family, laws wmch are as unrea-
si'iable as they are unnecessary, and which are
opposed to the moial sense of the people, laws
whuh it would require a standing army of a hun-
dred tho ¡sand men to enforce, which yon never
/ ai>e enforced, nhah you never can enforce, and
winch oil" it, tn my opinion, to be repealed ímme-
dialelv If any reasons can be advanced m sup-
port ol the-e laws, I have never heard them; and if
theie is any instance where they have been enforced,
I am not aware of it, I can understand the pro-
priety of laws to prevent waste and tnjarg lo ¿he
public lands, but can see no reason or justice what-
