Jan. 1838.                        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                              139
emption to actual settlers—Mr. Clay, Ky. Clay
25th  Cong-"*2nd Sess.                     Pre-
ever in laws to prevent their improvement by any
person whose comfort or interest may be promoted
thereby, without injury to the Government.
I have shown, sir, satisfactorily to myself, at
least, that the public lands oí the United States will
bring the Government more money under the pre-
emption system than they will if sold exclusively
under the auction system; and, as I have before
remarked, I believe there is but one class of politi-
cians who can find any good reason to oppose this
system. That class, sir, is made up of the sup-
porters of the famous "American System," a sys-
tem, the prosperity and success of which, I can well
imagine, may require, either that such a duty shall
belaid on foreign fabrics as will, in a great degree,
prohibit their importation; or that such a policy
shall be adopted by the Government, in relation to
the public lands, as shall have the effect to confine
the growing population of the country within the
old States, where the poor man will be compelled
to become the tenant of some weallhy landlord, and
place his children in a manufactory, for such wages
as their master may choose to give them, instead of
seeking a home on the fertile lands of the West,
where he and his family could be comfortable and
happy. I go, sir, for no such system; but shall
vote for Ihis bill with great pleasure.
Mr. CLAY of Ky. said, that in corroboration of
the testimony which the Senator from South Caro-
lina was about to adduce to the Senate, he begged
leave to read some extracts from an official docu-
ment which had just been received.
[Here Mr. C. read extracts from the field notes
Of Mr. Lucas and Mr. Biggs, who were employed
in the survey of the Black Hawk purchase, stating
that the land was generally settled by armed in-
truders, and complaining that their progress was
interrupted by the opposition and threats of this de-
scription of persons]
He supposed, Mr. Clay said, that all this was
false—nothing true in it. I dare say (he continu-
ed) there are members in this, and the other House,
ready to pronounce that a more honest, deserving
set of men, than these "club law men" does not
exist: men who openly violate the laws—men
whose moral sense would be violated by an en-
forcement of the existing laws, as they had been
told by a Senator on that floor. Whose moral
sense? Why the moral sense of these club law
men, who band themselves together, and overawe
and set at defiance the officers of the Government.
What pretence had these lawless men for roving
about the country and seizing by violence on the
choicest spots of land?
He read a statement, by which it appeared that
there were in the State of Illinois millions of acres
of as fine farming lands as the sun ever shone upon,
that could be entered by any man who was willing
to pay his dollar and a quarter per acre for it. And
all the new States contained an abundance of the
best land which could be obtained by the settlers on
the same easy terms. The honorable Senator from
Michigan (Mr. Lyon) had made the notable disco-
very that it was the settlement of land which con-
stituted its_ value. No, sir, said Mr. C. it is the
fertility of the soil, the natural advantages of the
tract, and its capacity to yield a profitable return
for the capital and labor expended on it, which
gave value to the land; and there were millions
upon millions of acres of such land that would rea-
ddy find purchasers were it not for the practices in-
troduced by this pre-emption system. He had
had occasion to say that prior to 1830 there was no
general pre-emption law. The laws of that de-
scription, passed before that time, were all founded
on particular circumstances, limited as to ¡he terri-
tory and limited as to their duration. The first
pre-emption law originated in 1830, and was one
of the fatal series of experiments which grew up
under the late Administration, and been followed by
the present, and the effects of which he feared
would be felt for years. But this system expired
two years ngo, and owing to the abuses and cor-
ruptions which sprung from it, it came into general
disrepute. Why, said Mr. C. do you not recollect
the scenes enacted at the Chicago sales? The mo-
ment the sale commenced, there were persons pre-
sent ready to oppose the sale of every tract offered
crying out "settler's claim, settler's claim," and the
sale was interrupted in the mest disgraceful and
outrageous manner.
In consequence of the abuses that had been
practised under this system, it became so odious
that it could not have found a vote in either House
to support it. No one ever thought of reviving it
until the last session, and all the unauthorized set-
tlements that have been since made on the public
lands, have been made in violation, not only of the
known laws, but in violation of the well ascer-
tained sense of Congress. He had shown that
there were one hundred and fourteen millions of
acres of land already surveyed, and in the market
—that there was no want of elbow room—no want
of good land for the settler to choose from, on
paying for it; and there was therefore no reason
why the settlers should move off, and seize upon
lands not yet surveyed. The Senator from South
Carolina had correctly said, and he himself was
aware, how vain it was to resist these practices.
There were nine States with their eighteen votes
ready to go for this system. It.was an Adminis-
tration measure also, supported by the friends of
the Administration, with one solitary exception,
and that was an able and high minded representa-
tive of one of the eld States, who was worthy of
his distinguished sire and his grandsire. There was
a combination therefore of the friends of the Ad-
ministration, and the members from the New States,
the President himself taking the lead ; and he
found further, with the greatest pain and regret,
that this system found support from another quar-
ter; from a gentleman (Mr. Webster) who had
been his powerful and efficient ally in opposing the
experiments of this and the last Administration,
and who was so deservedly celebrated as the able
expounder of the Constitution, and the firm un-
wavering supporter of the laws.
That gentleman stated as one of the strongest
reasons why he should vote for this bill, that a
state of things with regard to these settlers existed,
which could not be met—that encouraged by for-
mer pre-emption laws, they had gone and settled
upon these lands, and could not now be removed.
Sir, said Mr. C. I will meet them with the laws of
the country. Let the lands be exposed to public
sale, and afterwards at private sale, and then put
in force, if necessary, the existing laws, and re-
move these lawless intruders from the property they
have forcibly appropriated to their own use. What
right had they to the public domain more than any
other descreption of plunderers to the goods they
may seize upon? An auctionerhas his warehouse
broken open by a lawless body of armed men:
one man seizes upon a bale, another upon a ham-
per, and another upon something else, and says
he has a right to take it at his own price. When
other purchaseis come to auction, and say Mr.
Auctioneer, why nut give me these goods on as
cheap tei ins as these gentlemen who have broken
open your warehouse obtained theirs. Wh)", what
sort of answer would it be to s-ay that these gen-
tlemen are pre-cmptioner«, their moral sense has
been outraged by locking up these goods, and
keeping them from their use, and as they particu-
larly wished for this bale or hamper at their own
price, and are honeft, industrious men, who are un-
able to give the real value for the goods, they have
taken this natural and harmless method of getting
possession of them. In a country like this,
where there are one hundred and fourteen millions
of good land open to sale at the lowest price,
yon find (said Mr. C.) these men, in opposition to
the laws and m opposition to the known sense of
the Legislature, going further to the West, seizing
from latitude to latitude upon the choicest spots of
the public lands, and their moral sense is so wound-
ed by the nation wishing to retain the lands in ,
their own hands, that they must have them at their
own price. And this was one of the experiments
of this Administration, far worse than the experi-
ments upon the Treasury. The Administration,
not satisfied with tampering with the currency, be-
comes a squatter, and settles down upon the lands
of Wisconsin, becoming mortagers of the public
domain to unknown foreigaers and unknown pre-
emptioners. Mr. C. here went into an examina-
tion ot the land system as considered disconnected
from pre-emptions,which he eulogised very highly,
r, Ala.                 „                         Senate.
and contended that a better system could hardly be
devised. Ohio, Indiana, and several other of the
new States, he said, were beginning to see that
tkeir exterior inteiest in the public domain, owing
to the diminution of the quantity of public land in
them by sales and pre-emptions, was becoming
greater than their interior interest, and h'e prophe-
sied that the time would shortly come *hen pre-
emptions would be as unpopular in Ohio, Illinois,
or Indiana, as they now were in Virginia or Ken-
tucky. Mr. C. then commented on the manner in
which this bill had been carried through. What,
he asked, had they seen? A proposition was made
by an honorable Senator from Maryland (Mr.
Merrick) to limit the pre-emptions to citizens of
the United States, native and naturalized: rejected.
And could any body 3ay, after that naked vote of
the Senate, that it has not become the permanent
policy of the country to go on inviting ail the
hordes of Europe to come over and partake of this
bounty, derived from our ancestors, and which we
should preserve for our posterity.
Again: in the Miami purchase, in the heart of a
dense population, before the signature to the treaty
was dry, we find a crowd of grasping speculators
rushing in to seize upon land acknowledged on
that floor to be worth from forty to fifty dollars
per acre; and yet when an amendment was offered
to exclude these lands- from the bill, it was voted
down. Then there was the last amendment, offered
by the Senator from Vermont, (Mr. Prentiss,) to
make the pre-emptioaers pay one-half the ascer-
tained value of their land above the minimum
price. What became of that proposition? It was
voted down, like the others. It is4rue one appa-
rent security was obtained on the adoption of the
amendment offered by his colleague, restricting
the pre-emptions to actual habitation and cultiva-
tion: but after this, a proposition was made late in
the evening, on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois, when there was not a full Senate present,
and agaiEst his remonstrance it was adopted, ren-
dering his colleague's amendment almost useless.
Mr. C. said he knew how vain any struggle of his
was against the passage of this bill, two-thirds of
the Senate voting for it. But he rested his hopes,
where the hopes of the American people were on
this occasion—on the other branch of the Na-
tional Legislature. This Senate, on which the late
Executive had placed his feet before he retired
from office—this Senate, which had not even left
the poor privilege of prearving its own records
from mutilation, was not the body to which he
could look for the preservation of the rights and
liberties of the people; but there was another body
in the other wing of the building—the body pecu-
liarly belonging to the people—and on whom their
eyes were anxiously turned at tins important crisis;
and he confidently trusted that they would not be
turned ia vain.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama observed that the last
remark of the Senator from Kentucky constrained
him again to express his admiration of that gentle-
man's wonderful versatility. Three or four years
ago, would that gentleman have said "that the hopes
of the American people were concentrated on the
other branch of the National Legislature? No.
Then, in his opinion, they were under the control
of Executive influence, and the Senate was the pal-
ladium of the liberties of the people. But now he
would sing hosannas in praise of the popular
branch, while he has the courtesy to denounce the
Senate, because, from political changes in that
body, he cannet indulge the hopes (though very
distant in realization, Mr. C. trusted) from it that
he rested on the other. Mr. C. called the attention
of the Senate to the course of argument the gentle-
man had thought proper to adopt in reference to
those persons who were the objects of this bill.
The gentleman referred to a document, which he
(Mr. C.) had not seen, and therefore knew nothing
of, from which be picked out some isolated cases of
alleged resistance to the public officers, among the
vast number of those who had settled on the public
domain ; and, on the authority of this document, he
would withhold from all the others the trifling boon
which justice, humanity, and, above all, the public,
good, imperatively demanded. Was this the Se-
nator's idea of justice, of equality, and of a sound
