Feb. 1838.
25th Cong-•••2nd  Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
strong impulse, to this decided conviction, I have
yielded. And I think events will prove that I have
judged rightly."
Mr. S. said it was in the principles of these two
able statesmen, that the political parties of this day
may look for their origin. The Federal party fol-
lowed Colonel Hamilton, and embraced his politi-
cal principles, and the Democratic party followed
Mr. Jefferson, and embraced his political principles.
Mr. S. said it was in this funding system, invented
by Colonel Hamilton as a part of the machine-
ry he had designed for the operation of the Govern-
ment, that the first United States Bank had its origin;
and in which many of that class of men (the
wealthy,) designated by Colonel Hamilton as being
" the only firm supporters of Government," laid
the foundation of princely fortunes, by purchasing
up the securities, at" two shillings and sixpence in
the pound, of the soldiers who had sacrificed their
property, and worn themselves out in the service
of their country, and by whose labor, toil, and
sacrifices, the independence of our country had
been achieved. Mr. S. said that the political
principles of each of the two great contending par-
ties had been fully developed, and were now well
understood by the people, and certain known land-
marks had been established and defined, by which
the course of either party may be determined by
all whose interest may be affected in the adminis-
tration of the Government; and one very impor-
tant one was in the construction of the Constitution.
The Democratic party were for giving it a rigid
and strict construction, while the Federal party
were for giving it a loose and latitudinous construc-
tion. Mr. S. said that the liberty which the Fede-
ral party had taken in construing the Constitution,
and paiamount law of our country, to suit their
own principles, had entirely changed the character
and power of our Government; it was in this
fruitful source of construction that the United
States Bank,' internal improvements, high tariff,
and vested rights in corporations, had their origin,
none of which would ever have come into exist-
ence under the construction put upon the Consti-
tution by the Democratic party. Another import-
ant subject about which the parties materially
differed, was the State banking system ; the Demo-
cratic party being for diminishing the number of
banks, and increasing their restrictions; and the
Federal party being for increasing the number, and
diminishing their restrictions. Another was, on a
gold circulation ; the Democratic party oetng for
it, and the Federal party against it. Another was,
on the increase of the specie circulation ; the De-
mocratic party being for it, and the Federal party
being against it. Another was, on the resumption
of specie payments by the banks; the Democratic
party were for it, and the Federal party against it.
Mr. S. said he thought the great body of the psople
of the United States must be as blind, stupid, and
ignoraxt as the Federal party had always affected
to consider them, if they were not able by this
íme to discover their transcendent virtue, superior
intellect and attainments, and noble mien,
if they really possessed them ; for they had
declared on all occasions, in private and in public,
and at all times for more than forty years, certainly
not from any unkind sentiment which they"enter-
tained towards the people, but purely with a view to
impress upon them the important fact that they
were wholly incapable of taking care of them-
selves, and that, unless they submitted themselves
to their care and control, they would certainly be
ruined. So common are their claims of superiority
to be found in newspapers, that hardly one can be
taken up without being greeted with one; one of
which I have taken from a Pennsylvania paper,
recently made by Judge Hopkinson in the State
Convention, and which I will ask the indulgence
of the Senate to read:
"Much had been said concerning the Federal
party, but it was the intelligence of that party
which formed the Government and which under-
stood the Government; and his opinion was, that
the Government never can be administered on any
other principles than the Federal principles of
Washington's administration. In times of trouble
the intelligence of the prostrate Federal party has
been called into action, and more than once has
saved the country. When the torch of civil war
was almost lighted in the South, that prostrate
party stepped forward, and, by their intelligence,
prevented the effusion of blood. Notwithstanding
all the calumnies that have been uttered against the
Federal party, yet they are always at their post in
the hour of danger. Their principles are always
invoked to rescue that country from difficulties
when it is plunged therein by the rashness of their
opponents. Thus, in times of difficulty they tri-
umph, and they are now again coming into power!
I see [said he] some honest faces present, who are
not ashamed to.own themselves Federalists."
Mr. S. said that we may come to a right result
in endeavoring to weigh and duly to appreciate the
unrestrained denunciations of the opponents of the
bill, for arguments seem not to be brought into re-
quisition, and to put a just estimate upon the pre-
dictions and prophecies so lavishly and profusely
bestowed in regard to the measure, and that some
aid may be derived by instituting a comparison
between their professions of love for the people
and their continual predictions of disastrous results,
indiscriminately, of all the measures of the Demo-
cratic party for so many years, while the adminis-
tration of the Government has devolved upon it,
and their acts while in power, and the actual re-
sults of the Democratic administration of the Go-
vernment for nearly forty years; and with that view
he would take a retrospective glance at their pro-
ceedings, commencing with the first prominent
acts of the elder Adams, who administered the Go-
vernment in perfect accordance with the professed
principles and notions of the Federal party; and
their anxiety for the welfare of the peopls at that
time was as strongly marked, and as clearly mani-
fested, in their unqualified asseverations of love for
them as now. One of the first important acts was
to raise a standing army, and what was this fori
Had we any war that the army was necessary for
the defence of the nation'? None: it was to pre-
vent the people they so dearly loved from destroy-
ing and ruining one ano'her, who, in their estima-
tion, were their own worst enemies, and were not
only incapable of taking care of themselves, but
would destroy each other without a strong guard
to protect them. The expenses of a large army
the people were obliged to pay from their daily
eainings, and, for that purpose, almost every arti-
cle of property ihey possessed was taxed, and,
with the rest, the collectors' fees were to be paid,
consuming, with the ordinaty expenses of a family,
all that a laboring man could earn; and of the ne-
cessity for-this, the people were not permitted to
judge, because the affairs of the Government were
beyend their comprehension. Another, and one
of the most odious acts passed while the Federal-
ists were in power, was the Sedition law, enacted
to guard their public functionaries against the at-
tack of the peopl?, who were too exalted and sa-
cred to be approached by the vulgar people with
such frightful "huge paws." The people sup-
posed those who ministered the Government were
their agents, and ought to be accountable to them
for their public acts, and that they ought to be per-
mitted, under a Government, for the establishment
of which they had left their homes, and all that
was dear to them, and fought their enemies, inter-
nal and external, and had sacrificed their property
and spilt their blood, to examine and scru-
tinize their conduct as public officers, with that
freedom that belongs to freemen and citizens
of a Republican Government; but here, again,
the same party showed to the people their pa-
ternal care over them, by erecting a legal bar-
rier between them and those in power, that they
might administer the Government unmolestedly,
and more beneficially for the people, according to
their notions of the Divine right which they fan-
cied they were favored with, to govern and rule
them; and any one who dared to write or say any-
thing against the public officers, to prejudice or
excite the people against them, were to be punish-
ed by a fine not exceeding two thousand dollars,
and by imprisonment not exceeding two years.
The term of Adams was on the wane, and the poor
Democrats had been so showered with the blessings
of his administration of the Government, that they
began to look around to see if they could find some
candidate for the next Presidency, unáer whose -
administration they might expect the Government
to "shower its favors alike on the high and the
low, the rich and the poor," and their choke fell
upon Mr. Jefferson; and the Federalists, wíSi áteíe
resolution, zeal, and activity than they had- eVét
before manifested, came forward to the fescue of
the people, who were going to be instantaneously
devoured, body and *oul, by such a monster. All
their energies and skill were united ¡h defence: of
the poor, ignorant, misguided, and abused people;
they were actually frantic in their vituperation and
denunciation of the infidel. The institution of
marriage was to be profaned; the Christian religion
was to be defiled; the Holy Bible was to be de-
stroyed; the house of worship was to be razed; all
social happiness was to be banished; and the whole
land was to be stained with the polluted hand of
an idolater and debauchee; and how grieved they
were that the stupid and demented people coulcl ■
not be roused to a sense of their danger! when
they had sacrificed so much, with no other motive
than to save the people from destruction.
Disregarding alike the law of nations and of hu-
• manity, and noting in their wonted rapacity, and
feasting upon the sorrowsof disconsolate wives and
agonized friends, the bitter fruit of lawless im-
pressment of our gallant seaman, the British
were in the daily habit of boarding our merchant
vessels at sea, and with brute force seizing upon
the husband, the father, and the son, while in the
lawful aad peaceful service of the American mer-
chants, sacrificing the happiness of the pleasant
and comfortable fireside of their friends at heme,
to gain a sustenance for themselves and families,
and dragging on board of their charnel houses,
ships of war, where th«y were, lacerated and
beaten into submission, by the aid of the thong
and cat-o-ninetails, and often expired under the '
tortures of the minions of a vaunted despot and his
nobility, in their endeavors to tame the free, unfet-
tered, and noble spirit of American seamen into
the servility of a British subject; and such were the
benefits to be derived from the dispensations of
that paragon of a Government, so much the ad-
miration of the Federalists, ihat they thought it
not worth while to heed these trifling complaints
and intrusions, and more especially, .as it would
only involve our nation in an expensive and un-
profitable war with a magnanimous and honorable
people, for the sake only of releasing a few rene-
gade seamen from a service in which they could
do quite as much good is if they were at home.
Yes, said Mr. S. these despised creatures, who
afterwards won imperishable and unfading glory
under the flag of the country, were not, in their
estimation, worthy of consideration, and would have
remained in bondage, to pine away and waste their
lives in slavery on board of British ships, and been.
compelled to aid the enemies of their beloved coun-
try in their battles against it, had not the Demo-
cracy of the nation determined that no American
citizen, however humble hts condition, should be
subjected to ignominy or oppression. Strong
symptoms of an approaching war with Great Bri-
tain began to make their appearance, and to secure
the property cf the citizens from the grasp of
the enemy, which seemed to excite the cupidity of
the then mistress of the sea, a foretaste of which
they already had, the embargo was laid upon
the vessels at our wharves, and then the sympathies
of the Federalists were again awakened to the
interests of the merchants. They were going to
be ruined, because they were not permitted to
go to sea, until the Govermént could get prepared to
protect them against the depredations and  captures
of an insidious enemy; and'high-sounding notes of
disaster and absolute ruin to the people were raised,
because there would be no market for their surplus,
produce; and the people were warned to take care "
of themselves in. season, by, giving them the reins
of Government, lest they should be ruined by such
misrule and abuse of power, which the people had
improvidenlly confided to the unworthy and blight-
ing Democracy of the country. Notwithstanding
the alarm and philanthropic interference of these
guardians of the people these measures weie meant
to save them from their ownfdestruction, and by
a timely embargo, the result of wise and pruifcnt
