APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Waking public officers depositaries—Mr. Norvell.
25th Cosg--"£nd Ses&.
silver; only while they lend money with prudence,
and in moderation, to honest and deserving men,
for laudable purposes, and not to brokers and
shavers in politics or business. Sir, the shocking
abuse of the banking privilege which pervades the
land; the conversion oí banks into monopolies for
the accommodation of a few presidents, directors,
and their connections, which we daily witness, the
suspension of specie payments without adequate
cause, the continuance of that suspension, when all
cause has apparently ceased, have rendered these
institutions, in the estimation of the mass of the
people, sources of mischief and extensive public
injury, and it is only by a radical change of their
conduct that they can ever regain the public confi-
dence. Senators over the way tell us that we
must give our confidence in advauee to these
institutions, before they can resume specie pay-
ments, or be restored to general public confidence.
Sir, the honorable Senator fiom Virginia makes
too heavy a draft upon the faith of this body in the
local banks, when he asks us to place the public
funds in them, after their recent breach oí all
faith, their violation of all law, their outrages upon
the moneys of the nation, as well as upon the
deposites of individuals, committed to their safe-
keeping Let them show themselves worthy of
confidence, by a prompt obedience to the violated
laws of their country, by an immediate resumption
of specie payments, before they suggest the idea of
a restoration of the public faith in their solvency
and integrity Sir, I am no enemv to banks or
banking founded upon correct and solid principles
I am the open, avowed, declared enemy of all
banks and banking based upon any other princi-
ples I am opposed to the excesses, the enormous
abuses, of the banking system^ as developed withm
a few months past, and I am surprised, I am mor-
tified, sir, that the honorable Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Rives,] the distinguished disciple of Jeffer-
son and Madison, should have identified his poli-
tical reputation with these delinquent State banks.
I am grieved, sir, that he should have hazarded his
high destinies, to which so many republican friends
had looked with anxious hopes, in sustaining in-
stitutions, the very best of which have a monopo-
lizmg'and aristocratic tendency. Sir,one of the la test
of the sentiments uttered by that illustrious republi-
can statesman, under whose eye the honorable Sena-
tor was brought up, at whose feet he learned the les-
sons of Democratic wisdom, was, that though the
courbe of the aristocracy of this country was
changed, their principles remained the same.
"They now," said he, "look to a single and splen-
did Government, founded on banks and other mo-
neyed corporations, which would be to them the
next best blessing to the monarchy of their first
aim, and perhaps the surest stepping stone to it."
Sir, does not the honorable Senator see the inevi-
table tendency of banks to create and nurse a
spirit of aristocracy, the meanest of all aristocra-
cies—that founded on money and wealth—in this
country? Does he not perceive that the union of
the banks with this Government, their excesses m
the use of its money, lead, beyond all dispute, to
"a single and splendid Government, founded upon
banks''" Does he not perceive that State banks
as they are, ihey are looking to this Government as
the anchor of their hopes and interests, that they are
seeking a close alliance with it as their only salva-
tion; that, in this alliance, they would be ready to
sustain the Government in eveiy extravagance and
splendor in which it might choose to indulge"! Let
me implore the honorable Senator to review his
course; to tetrace his steps; to direct his eminent
talents to the preservation of the purity of las coun-
try's political institutions, and not to devote th m
to the cause of banks and bank monopolies, or to
the pernicious purpose of identifying them with re-
publican Government.
The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Tip-
ton] said the other day, that he was opposed to the
Sub-Treasury, because it was a condemned
measure, condemned by the House of Represen-
tatives, and condemned by the people It is true,
sir, that it was at the extra session laid upon the
table of the House by a small majority. It is
equally true that but few of the Republican mem-
bers of that body voted to make that disposition of
the bill; and it is probable that those few so voted,
not because tney condemned the measure, but
because they had doubts, and were not prepared to
give a direct vote upon the bill. That the measure
has been condemned by the people, the honorable
Senator will permit me to doubt. The elections
in Ohio and Indiana last fall did not change the
political character of those States from what it
was the year before. Then they gave large ma-
jorities to the Opposition candidate for the Presi-
dency. The Sub-Treasury bill had then nowhere
been suggested. I do not believe that the people
of Ohio and Indiana have since given any morp
decisive evidence of hostility to the existing Ad-
ministration, than they manifested at the Presi-
dential election. The election m Mame could not
have been affected, to any great extent, by the pro-
position of the Sub-Treasury. That proposition
did not reach that State m time to produce any
great effect. Kentuctry, sir, is my native State.
My affection for hei is not to be impaired. She
ha<, under the lead of the Senator over the way,
[Mr. Cuy,] long been in the Opposition lean
excuse, 1 can even admire her, for the partiality
which she has, with so much constancy, mani-
fested towards him. But I could neither excuse
nor admire her for any devotion which she might
exhibit towards any man who was opposed to the
cause of the country in the second war of inde-
pendence, in which she so prodigally and generously
shed her best blood. It becomes her native-born
childien to
" Be to her fault? a tittle blind,
And to her virtues very kind '
She has few faults, sir- she has many and noble
virtues. But her late election took place before the
Sub-Treasury was pioposed, and the result of that
election cannot be cited as any special condemna-
tion by her people of that measure I admit, how-
ever, that they are opposed to it at this time
The Michigan and New York elections have
taken place since the President recommended the
establishment of an Independent Treasury system.
In Michigan, the election resulted m favor of the
Administration from which that measure proceed-
ed. The Senator from New York [Mr. Tall-
madge] must excuse me: I do not mean to poach
upon his manor, but he will excuse me if I adopt
the opinions of the President, m preference to those
of the honorable Senator, in relation to the last fall
elections, both m New York and elsewhere. The
Senatoi said, the other day, that he had seen v. uh
pain the allegation, in the President's Message, of
bank interference, or bank influence, in the recent
election of the State of New York. The charge
had humiliated him. He felt that the honor of his
native State had been wounded, and that the wound
had been inflicted by one of her own sons, and, m
the true spint of knight-errantry, he proceeded to
repel this "unmerited aspersion" of the Piesident j
upon his native State. Sir, listening intently,
as I did, to the indignant accents which fell
from the lips of the honorable Senator, I could
hardly believe that I had heaid correctly the
language which he had uttered I had read the
message of the President with attention, and had
heard it read at the table by the Secretary. I
thought that the New York election had not been
specially ment'oned in it,but that the President—mo-
destly and cautiously assigning a reason for sup-
posing that the national sentiment had not been ex-
pressed against the Independent Treasury plan, and
that he might, therefore, without offending the na-
tion, renew its recommendation—had alluded to the
fall elections, in general terms, all over the coun-
tiy, as influenced by local and othei consideration--,
as well as by those which pertained to this measure.
To test the accmacy of my recollection, at the con-
clusion of the speech of th« Senator, I re-exaimned
the Executive Message, and was confirmed in the
correctness of my memory m relation to its con-
tents The President does not name Nen Yoik
The whole passage is of a general nature, and
plainly shows that the President had in % tew, when
he penned it, all the States in w hich elections had
just been held. Pennsylvania, Michigan, and
other States, as well as New York, were evidently
in his mind, and the honoiable Senator had no
more right than we had to take exception to the al-
Senate.
lusions of the President. But, in truth, sir, the
Message on this point is unexceptionable. It strong-
ly indicates the deference which the Chief Magis-
trate feels, and is always inclined to yield, to the
expression of the popular will. And were I dis-
posed to select a passage from the Message, which,
more than any oiher, illustrates the Republican.
principles and frankness of the President, this very
passage is the one that I would select. It is short:
I will read it, sir.
" The national will is the supreme law of the Republic, and,
on all subjects within the limits of his constitutional powers,
should ba faithfully obeyed by the public servant Since the
measuie in question was submitted to your consideration, most
of you have enjoyed the advantage of personal communica-
tion witli your constituents For one State only has an election
been held for the Federal Government, but the early day at
which it took place deprives the measure under consideration
of much of the support it might otherwise have derived from
the result Local eleetior s for State officers have, however,
been held in several of lite States, at which the expediency of
the plan pioposed by the Executive has been more or less dis-
cussed You will,I am confident, yield to their results there
spect due to every expression of the public voice Desiring,
however to arrive at truth and a just view of the subject mall
its bearmss you will at the same time remember that questions
of far cteepei and more immediate local interest than the fiscal
p'ans of the Naüonil Treasury were involved m those elec-
tions Above all, we cannot overlook the striking tact, that
th^re were at the time m those É3fates more than one hundred
and sixty millions of bink capital, of which large portions were
subject to actual forfei'ure, other large portions upheld only by
specal and limited legislativ e indulgencies, an 1 most of K, if
not all, to a greater or less extent, dependent for a contimi
anee of us corporate existence upon the will of the State Le-
gislatures to be then chosen Apprised of this circumstance,
you will judge whether it is not most probable that the peculiar
condition of that vast interest in these respects, the extent to
which it has been spread through all the ramifications of so
ciety, its direct connection with the then pending elections, and
the ieelmgs it was calculated to infuse into the canvass, have
exercised a far sreater lnfluenceovei the result, than any which
could possihlyliave been produced by a conflict of opinion m
respect to a question m the administration of the Geneiai Go
vernment, more remote and far les  important m lis bearings
upon that interest '
Sir, more impressive truths, uttered in more
general and unoffending language, never proceed-
ed from the pen of man, than the just reflections
embraced m this passage of the Executive Message.
And the Senator trom New York, taking counsel
from his resentments, rather than from his usual
good sense, must have been anxious to iravel out
of his way, for the purpose of assailing the Pre-
sident, when he ventured to criticise with so much
severity this part of the annual communication to
Congress.
Upon the hint of the Senator from New York on
this subject, another honorable Senator, [Mr. Clay,]
renowned for his daring courage and dexterity in de-
bate, lashed himself into a pasaion, and declared
that the President, for his allusion to the New
York elections, deserved a resolution of reprehen-
sion, if not impeachment, at the hands of this
bod}. S r, it would have been well for that hono-
rable Sena*or, before he indulged in such denuncia-
tions, to 'ia\e renipmbered that his friends hold
him up as the competitor of the present Chief Ma-
gistrate fcr the Presidency; that if it were wrong
m the President to make allusions to the elections
in the States it was equally indelicate for that
Senator to indulge in such allu ,ions, and he will
recollect how often be has invoked this body not
only to bear m mind the results of certain State
elections which he named, but to wait till they
heaid from Tennessee, from Pennsylvania, from
Virginia, what then Legislatures would say on
this Sub-Treasurv scheme, before they acted upon
it. Sn, thePresid-nt had as much right as the
honoiable Senator to speak of the State elections.
I know of no legale no just moral inhibition,
against the utterance of then sentiments on the
subject by either ot them.
Nothing, then, appears to me to have occurred
to justify die conclusion to which the Senator from
Indiana has come, that the people oí the United
States have condemned this measuie. Sir, it has
been condemned by mleiested banks, by brokers,
by speculator m politic , ar well as m pro-
partí, by merchants, who seek every where, but
in their own improvident acts, forjthe causes of
tteir diñasteis, and eveiy where, but in their own
prudence and wisdom, for a remedy for the ills
which transiently afflict them It is a fact also, as
intimated by the distinguished Senator from New
Yerk, [Mr. Wright] that the most extraordinary
and persevering exertions have been made, here
and elsewhere, to make up  the public judgment
