f%   _______________APPEK0IX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                     Máfr. 18%,
¿5th Costg--"2síd Srs-..                           Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Calhoun.__________________________________ Senate.
Much complaint is made, too, concerning the
high rates ot domestic exchanges This is no
novelty in our pecuniary history Several times
during the existe ice ot the Bank of the United
States, the domestic exchanges were m an equally
disordered condition. And if my memory serves
me, in 1819, m 1825, and when the national debt
was about to be finally extinguished, that bank was
on thejverge of a suspension of specie pa) menu
At the two former periods it was saved by the aid
of the Government. At the latter period the bank,
to sustain and strengthen itself, induced the Euro-
pean holders of our public debt to retain its n i-
deBce* in their hands some months, the bank agree-
ing to pay the interest to them for the tune, m con-
sideration of the postponement of their presenta-
tion, by which it was enabled to protect itself by
the use of the public money so much longer
These facts go to show the importance of sepa
rating the Government from all banks, in reference
to the safety of the public moneys, and (o the
general stability of the banking operations and
currency of the country
Sir, the honorable Senators over the way dis-
agree as to the purposes which they ascribe to the
Administration and to us Some of them say that
we are for a hard money cuneiuy alone The
Senator ftom Massachusetts [Mr Dav i<¡] declare s
that we mean no such thing, that vve ait for a
Government papet cuirenc) We an not bound,
sir, to defend ourselves against these eoturadictoiy
aocusattons Let us do whit we ma), the) art
determined to dis.ippiove, of this oi any olhti simi-
lar measure
" They do not hie ii Portoi 1 e It,
The1 lea8->n why the)    a n'I u II
But this, I'm Mire, I kti \v lull woll,
I hey do not like it, Dot toi I el]
The bill has been charged with effecting a union
of the purse and sword m the same hands Mi
President, the boldness with which asseverations ot
this kind aie made, in the presence of an enlightened
assembly, are tmly maivellous The ministerial
custody of the public money has always b en < om-
jmtted to the Executive Department of the Gove rn-
ment. At all tunes, under all admmiitiati ns,
whether deposited in banks, o icm.nning m ihe
hands of receivers and collector, the Executive or
the Treasury Dopaitmcnt has hid, I) law, the 
general cue ol the ¡eienue of the nation, wl  n
paid in The measim hi lore us do< s not in the
slightest degree, \ai y ih s rnnciple, which e\isi
now, and existed in th  p ilmy davs ol the Ri pub-
lic, when Thomis Jefferson wa? its Chief Exee ti-
tive Magistrale Nominally, thi public mom y is
always in the charge ot the Executive Hut, a<-
cordmg to the bill befoie us, as under all previous
systems, no money can be drawn iiom the Trca-
sury, except m puisuance ol an appropualion In
law. The allegation is unfounded, that by tin
bill the purse and thesvvorcl are united in the same
hands The Executive cannot touch any money
without an appropriation by Coiipess Sn,l h.iv<
never, in my whole Ufe, «een a measure irealid
with the want of caneloi, the misieprctntation, die
hardihood of assertion, which the bill boieit th'
Senate has e xpenenccd from some of ilsadvttsa
nes, from its fust íncption to the present moment
The purse was never more completely -e-pirated
from the swoid, never moiceffer tualh in tin hinds
of Congress, than it will be under the provisions of
this bill
Sir, the honorable Senator from Masse husetts
[Mr. Wee,tfr] charges the AdmmislrUion vv lb
shrinking from responsibility wuh i  tn ating from
manly content, in relation to th suite's of tin
currency and the public monc) I had supp sr I
that if any measure ever proposed by an txectitiv e
were marked bv a mally sense of rtsp nsibilitt,
by a disposition to shrink from no dun, this kvs
that measure It Ins been denounce! by the Op-
position as a bo'd and daring innovation up n
established notions Is this i shriukm.' evasn ,
unmanly chaiacterisui'' But if the hono'id k. S
nater means that the MminiMialion shrml sl«n
the responsibility of proposing the cablishin^ it < f
a general paper curiency, h  is correct Tlit. Ad
ministration do shrink from any violation of the
Constitution Sir, you are nowhere authorised by
{bat instrument to establish a national paper cur-
rency Gold and silver, the precious metals, are
the only money recognised in the Constitution; and
m the use oí bank paper at all, thus Government
has heretofoie yielded to cucumstanees, to a state
ot things, beyond and without tho Constitution,
which they could not entirely control The Sena-
toi has been called the great champion of Ihe Consti-
tution. Sir, he is an able lawyer But he is the great
violator of the Constitution, when he requires this
Government to establish a national papei cuirency.
Failing to adduce any feasible piovision in that
instalment to jus'ify such a measuie, the Senator
appeals to that common sense, of w Inch I wish he
liad infused a little more into hi> iate speech on this
floor, assailing this measure as a system of bafes,
ana vaults, and cells, and cavenis, to show that
the power, yet umliscoveied in the Constitution,
ought to be exercised Sir, I trust that this great
confedeiate Republic ma) long be saved from ¡>uch
champions of its Constitution as aie perpetually
seeking in it forsomt pit text to justify the evicisc
of a power not granted to this Government In
the speech of ihe Stnatoi, ntt muih that is tangi-
ble, bearing upon Ihe intnusic inputs, of this hill,
is to be found It is geneial declamation The
meanite is assailed, not foi what it dues contain,
but fin what it does not contain The Senator un-
dei lakes to tell us what public sentiment is, on tints
subject, in this nation His piedictions maybe
xt lined, but if they be, it will be Ihe first lime in
Ins political life that he his judged o i at led ac-
cording to ihe general sr nliment of the nation At
onetime, he found lumstlf m a majonty ol this
bod), but it was in that ill-fated coalition, which
here, in (his hall, ¡aíslame d itself so long m dcfi-
ante of public opinion, and which, now m a mi-
nora), is, 1 we mav judge funn ii cent indicalions
over the way, rapidly (tumbling to its final di so-
luiion
In relation to tint pimciple in tin bill, which
propi scs a^iadiul ntiuti to the exclusive iccip-
tion of gold and silvu in pavnuntol tin. public
dues, I inilmi to Ihe opinion that it will piove sa
Inlaiy It dot not, howevi i, immediately c;o into
effect, and ii, 1>) ine novt ■• -.sion ol C'ongitss, it
should 1( louri 1 Mi it Un b inks have iisnmid spe-
cie payments, and have been listened to a sound
and safi condition, we ma\, if if should be deemed
( \pidicnl, modilv or postpone this provision still
iiiitlni it ih it lino We need not be too ten i-
cious upon this point 'Hi «nat object, in pro-
po'iiU md sitppc iimg ibis mi rune, is the divorce
of the Government fn m tin banks That object
altained, the Government will cea*e to be subject
to the dangerous p nve i, the linpoitnniiig influence,
tht fluctii ttinge p nt ons'of the banks The banks
themsi Ives «ill idy upen ihen own proper re-
sé uici-s, tin- e usie in e f the liieiehanl5 indlhecon-
fiilrnci eif th pi oplr foi the ¡r support, the ir bus -
lie - mil profils The pee pit. will ce ase to le per-
pclinllv acuate il by the fluctuations prrduced, in a
filial de i e, bv ihe connection between bank and
s-in'o btl vtrn (he bank ope i itions and the jiolitics
of tin eeuntiv Andeur fue, eivil, and political
in iihitn u will r o len^n 'e enelan^ereil or over-
hilo lb' lie e onibined ninne ve d and banking
ponir wlueh pcrv ide s e>veiv part of the Union
Mi l're ¡di n*, e lie vvoi 1 more, anel I have elone
If the hill he i re tin senile should b* rejected,!
im Hell siusfi, d th u no fithe i measure on this snb-
j'et can, it this lime, succeed in this body The
v 'in mil indefinite notu ns of ¿ speeiil deposite
svste m—special de j osites of bank paper, as well as
ol specie—are mil' o many crude conceptions c f
iiniriful and p litical ejuickery The) will, I
tiust, fi ni no sar ti m here I concur m the «u -
Te mío i, ad' incrd em th s ft or, that we have the
al1 idti e of ii tn lining as we aie, anel t'i it, m
mv ju^men', is the n xt best lltemalive to .he
mea ure now un 1 r discus? on
SPEECH OF  MR. C\LHOUN,
O      '•OUT,!   CauoUV t.
In S,nntr, Suluitlay, Match  10   3^Í6—In   reply  fo
Mr   Ci u, on Mi   WrighiN bill
I rise to fulfil a promise I ¡nade so ne lime since
to notice at my  leisure  the reply  of the Senator
from Kentucky farthest from me [Mr,  Clay] to
my remarks, when I first addiessed the Senate on
the subject now under discussion.
On compaimg with care the reply with the re-
marks, I am at a loss to determine whether xt is the
most remarkable fonts omissions or misstatements.
Instead of leaving not a hair in the head of my ar-
guments, a? the Senator threatened, (to use Jusjiot
very dignified expression,) he has not even lat-
tempted to answer a large, and not the least
weighty, portion, and of that which he has, there is
not one fairly stated, or fairly answered. I spsak
literally, and without exaggeration, nor would it
be diiheult to establish to the letter what I assert, if
I could reconcile it to myself to consume the time
of the Senate m establishing a long series of nega-
tive propositions, in which they could take but lit-
tle interest, however important they may be re
garded by the Senator and myself To avoid so
idle a consumption of the time, I piopose to pre-
sent a Cevr instances of his misstatements, from
which the? rest may be infened, and, that I may not
be suspected of having selected them, I shall take
them m the order tn which they stand m his
íeply.
The Senate will recollect that when the Senatot
from Vnginia farthest from me [Mr Rives] mtio-
dnced his substitute, he accompanied it with the
remark, that it was his. first choice, and the se-
cond choice of those who are allied with him on
this occasion. In noticing this remark, I stated,
that if I might judge from appearances, which
could scarcely deceive one, the Senator might have
said, not only the second, but, under existing cir-
cumslanc$s, it was their first choice, and that, de-
spairing of a bank for the present, they would sup-
port hi  substitute. Assuming this inference to be
correct, I stated that the question was narrowed
down, in fact, to the bill and substitute, of which
one or the other must be selected The Senatoi
flora Kentucky, in his reply, omitted all tríese
C|uali(ications, and represented me as making the
absolute assertion that, m the nature of the ease,
thcie wa¡  no other alternative but the bill or the
substitute, and then gravely pointed out two others
—to do noth.ng, or adopt a National Bank; as. if I
could poss.bly be ignorant ot what was so obvious.
After he had thus replied, not to what I really satd,
but his own misstatement of itxas if to make com-
pensation, he pioceeded in the same breath to con-
firm the truth of what I did say by giving his sup-
port to the substitute, which he called a half-way
house, whcie he could spend some pleasant houis
Nothing is more easy than to win such victories
Having infened, as has turned out to be the fact,
that there was no other alternative at present but
the bill and substitute, I next showed the embar-
lassment to winch the gentlemen opposite to me
would be involved, from having, four years ago,
on the question of the removal of the deposites, de-
nounced a league of State banks, similar to that
pi oposed to be revived by the substitute. Alter
enlarging on this point, I remarked that, if I might
be permuted to slate my opinion, the gentlemen
h id taken a course unfortunate for themselves and
the countly unfortunate for them, for, let what
would come, they would be responsible. If the
bill was lost, theirs would be the responsibility, ii
the >ubstitme was earned, on them the responsibi-
lity would fall, and if nothing was done, they would
be held responsible, and unfortunate for the coun-
liv, because it had prevented the decision of the
question at the extra session, vvInch could not have
fulnl to put an early teimination to the present
commercial and pecuniary embarrassment. This
the Senator, in his reply, met by staling that I had
e died on him and his fnends to follow my lead;
and thus re girding it, he made it the pietext ot
some ill naturcd peisonal remarks, which I shall
notice hueafier I never dreamed of making such
•i call, and what I said cannot be tortured, by the
f irec of construct! n, to bear a meaning having the
lti t semblance to it.
Mtet making these preliminary remarks, I took
up the substitute, and showed that it proposed to
make a bargain with the banks. I then s'ated the
particulars and the conditions of the proposed bar-
gai n, th&t its object was to enable the banks to pay
ihe ir debts, and for that purpose it proposed to con-
fei important privileges, to give them the use of
the public funds ftom the time of deposite te> dra*
