Mar. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
25th Cong-...2nd Sess.
Heirs of Robert Fulton—Mr. McClelfan.
H. of Reps.
Mr Speaker It was my original intention to
take no part m the discussion of this, bill. When
it was under examination upon a former occasion,
I contented mjself m listening to the eloquence
which was poured iorth from different parts of this
Hall, and m giving a silent vote m favor of the
bill, as reported by the chairman of the Committee
of Cbims, [Mr. Whittlesey.]
I rise, Mr Speaker, to resist the motion to recon-
sider, made by the honorable member from South
Carolina, [Mr. Thompson,] and to notice the re-
mares which have fallen trom my honorable col-
league, [Mr Russell,] which I heard with surprise,
and, as an American citizen, with deep mortifica-
tion. That honorable member, m exhibiting his
opposition to this bill, has made an attempt to tear
the well earned laurels from the brow of a distin-
guished and deceased public benefactor. lie has
denied to the late Mr. Fulton the ciedit of being
the inventor of the successful and practical appli-
cation of steam power to boat navigation. If this
allegation be true, the honorable member will suc-
ceed, not only in defeating the award of the
national justice proposed by the passage of this
bill, but he will take from his orphan children the
legacy of his achievements
When Mr Fulton first demonstrated the practi-
cability of applying steam power to boat naviga-
tion ; and when, in 1807, he launched his first boat
at New York, which moved up the water? of the
Hudson to the admiration of the inhabitants on its
banks; when his experiment had proved success-
ful, and the benefit his invention would confer upon
the country was evident to all, I am aware, sir,
that envy and avarice were operating to rob him
of his well-earned reputation. 1 had supposed that
those times were past, and that a great and happy
people—made so, in a measure, by the efforts of
his genius—v ould be willing to aocord io his
memory the meed of praise, and that no honorable
member on this foor w ould tear from orphanage
the legacy bequeathed by such a father.
All that was claimed by Mr Fulton, was the
successful application of steam power to boat navi-
gation The expansive poweroi steam was known,
and steam engines were invented before Ins time.
Ingenious mechanics had suggfstcd Ihe possib lily
of propelling boats by so-am powtr, but all their
eipenments in this, country, in England, France,
and Scotland, had proved abortive, and were aban-
doned
My colleague has referred to the exper ments of
John Fitch on the Delaware, m 1783. That indi-
vidual was supported by an association ot men,
who furnished him means, and were interested in
his success. The experiments resulted in no evi-
dence of practical utilitv. The report made upon
them to the Philosophical Society at Philadelphia
shows, that no posible advantage could be denved
fiom the plan proposed
The question is not, sir, who first suggested the
possibility of applying steam power to boat navi-
gation, but who first peifecled such application, and
made an Pa peí iment uilk entire swceti.
The mechanics, whose attention had been turned
to the subject, were, doubtless, men of ingenuity
and merit, buf, sir, they were not possessed of that
rare union of ge.,'rs and practical knowledge,
which was necessary to enailc them to make a
successful application. All their efforts and experi-
ments proved fruitless.
England, or rather hei critics and re-viewers, foi
a time, claimed prioriw of i ivention. But, sn, the
documents on our tables show the injustice ot such
claim The report ot the Commissioner of Patents
made to Congress at ihe present session says
i imir-  n r li>™ "f occi i moil bv the fire, most deeply re
me fit tTi tK dtsrioti   "f • " tht papéis deposed by
"poleit I u lot I'í- <i i"l"g  weie eteenleil by Ills own
bind md formed in .leu una pi,, i f ihe records «■! Amputan
2in , Es iUi h"'" tor om com ti) the honor of the first
sTooeMol ,n.l lacic 1 emplomen-ol ntiffl in navigation
Thus loss Ins bten cms deictl ineparabe I am h-ipp),
however to  o e thatcoirectdiipl cate-srm doubtless be P>o
Í'ni lJ 1 be 'we of Fulton d traded the uto ition o i l irei-n
GoTeinmo.it, for whom on application thereto complete eo
nVcsofhisdrkwuiss and tianscripts of specific mows and othev
Sanéis deposited m this office, were made and transmitted to
Tnmlon, wlieie It is presumed, copies mav be obtained to sup
n.y the place of the oH?irat« Measure «ill immediacy be
ukentoaciomplishtha.obiect"                        .,,,.,
Here is evidence that England estibhshed no
claim.   Ereiy boat built upon Engbsh. waters, was
constructed upon the plan and after the model and
drawings of Mr Fulton. It was íeserved for his
inventive genius and enterprise, by a wonderful
combination of machinery, to pioduce the success-
ful result. The present geneiation have awaided
to him this merit, posterity will recognise, and his-
tory will record it, as the achievement of Robert
Fulton.
Mr Speaker, I rose to rescue his memory from
undeserved attack Deeply impressed, as I have
been from my jonth, with the merits of ihat distin-
guished individual, and the value of his lite andla-
bois to our country, and the world, I could not
peimit the remarks of honoiable members on this
floor to pass without a response from me
I will now give my reasons in support of the
bill. The bill proposes to award to trie heirs of
Robert Fulton $100,000, not as a donation, but for
valuable services rendered the country, services m
which rare talent and inventive ingenuity weie
employed, and of such a charc«ctet as no other man
could have performed The resources of the who'e
country have been developed, and the people of
every State in the Union have been enriched by his
inventions His whole life was one unbroken act
of devotion to the interests of his country The in-
terest of self was merged m tint of the public good
As an evidence of this, I will reíd an extract from
his lettei to his fi.end, ti.e pott Uail'iw, in 1807,
after his return to New York, from his fust trip up
the Hud on by steamboat    He writes
"Hivmn employed much timo, mon v and ?eil, in accom
pllshinJI tins vvoik, it .rives me, is it will von, gielt pleasure to
see it tnlty answ. t my e\pei lations I' will give a cheap and
quid emv<*it. c 10 the in i 1 aridi^e ¡ n the iVfir^isslpj 1, It'is
'.ouil, and olh _,ieat nvus, which are now Hying open then
treism.s toili nttii n e of our countiyuun and although the
piospcc oi pit stni emoluiiif nt has be. n some inducement to
me yelt le I intitil < ly rnue|hasui m leihctirigon theim
mense itvantae,. tint -wy coutUuj will derive (torn the m
vemion "
Sn, this was a proud day for Fulton. A short
period before he was soliciting aid to complete his
boat. Having exhausted all his own means, he
made application to men of property m the city of
New York, offering them a share m his boat, and
the privileges granted him, but his project was con-
sidered wild and visionary After its completion,
the morning it w as to leave New York a crowd of
spectators gafheied upon the wharves, to witness
what they behoved would be an abortive experi-
ment Jems and saw asms passed among the un-
believing populace But when the boat launded
fiom East nvei, and entered the waters of the
Hudson, their jeeis and saicasnis were changed tv
plaudits oí admiration
In ipferenee to these facts, Mr Fulton writes in
the same letter to his valued friend
"The mommti Ih ft New Yotk there weie not thiii) pei ons
ínihctity who leluvedth I the boat would evti move < ne
mile an houi it ofllu leas until}, fid while we weie [ ul
tlt.íToíl fiom I evvhtil wtiu h w iscrowdel \ iih s¡if ci itoi 1
bond a number o. «air istic uniaiks This i« the wty in
which l'lioianmn ncompliment will thty c 1 [ hdoiop.ieiti
and | injulors '
At this nmo Mr Fulton, in conjunction with his
i i lend and pation, the late celebiated Chancel'or
Livingston, made application to the Leg slature of
New York, md Ihe grant foi the exclusive naviga
lion ot the TTu Ison run" by steam powei, was
e\tended U them fir twenty veirs The money
den ved fit m this pimlegeepabltd him to 'ons ruct
ofher boats, and t> cany on his invention > for
maritime defence, which he prosecuted in the ¡ui -
bor oí New York He enjoyed this privilege, un-
molested, but a few years Speeuhtors a ose,
complained of his monopoly, and interfered vuh
his pnvil"ges This invasion of his rights called
forth the public sympathy, and the matter under-
went legislative invest'ganon His ) ighfs -t,d
claims upon the pubic gut tilde, wieibh e-
fended on that o< ons on bv tl e hte Thorns An _
Emmet. That eh , lent a'hocte, altoi hi 1 ,d
finished his addn s 10 <l>e Le isla'ure, tempi to
Mr Fulton, a^d addressed to h m a inostti uching
appeal, \ hifti I will read as a poitton oi the his-
tory of those times, and as an etidence of the esti-
mation in which l.c w as then held as a great public
benefactoi
'11 now an 1 feel (said Mr Emmet) and I rejoice in the con
vveuon that lot Ihe \ i sent at least, vourmtetests, my friend,
ate perfect'v secme but do not, therefore, flatter yourself that
vouwiUbeitivlvedin no future difficulties on the sameac
count    1 oil e\p ct too much from your well tamed reputa-
tion, and the ac1 nowleu^d tiolity to mankind of youi life and
tabors \ )ti pel nut youiself t > be engrossed with vastand no-
ble plant I l the I utihe ito > I "iou aie inconsiderately sinking
youi i^esp-* i ( .me in the extension of public accommoda
tlorifahy e nbl^ts loo ure gratu tously giving your time
and your ta en & to t e nsfiuction ol (iiat gie<tl national ob-
ject your s upct ' it ition foi ir-anume defence, which in
itseluscalculatet io e ^cta leioluuon in naval warfare 1
admire and a p{ ati t >ou loryour lerdmessto devote to the ser
vice ofthepuol t the opulenie you c cm o fiom US grateful re
muneration L°t me lemi t you, however, that you have
othei aod c'ose7 tte*. I know ihe pam I am about to give, and
I see the tevisl n .Ae you sbed, but by lint love I tof leak—by
that love whlth, like t'lLl^htof Heaven, is refracted in rays
ot diffeient s,rns'.i upon your wile and child)en which,
when collected and combined, forn s the sunshine of veui soul
—by that lovt, 1 di> adjuie jou, provide in time for those dear
est objects of your cure \es, my friend, my heart bleeds
white lu tern but I have feaiful foiebodn gs that you may
tu leaflet l.n Í in pub ic faitli a bioken stafl loi youi support,
an I rt-ceiv.. Iio pu! h "iill.ti e a btoken heartloi youi re
w ird '
This appeal of Mr Emmet -was of no avail
Fired by his genius, and possessed of those rich
and tare endowments of Heaven which are some-
times sent to bless mankind, he prosecuted with
?eal his system for maritime defence up to and
during the last war, till death closed his, valuable
life, in 1815 In Ins last moments, if the recollec-
tions of lus fuends ate to be lelied on, he was sus-
tained and soothed by the confident belief that a
country which had been enriched Vy lus labors
would make ample provis on for hit, family.
Sir, when Fuiton died, when the arm which
gave life and spmt to his great inventions, which
have formed an era m human histcny, was powei-
less, speculators again arose, encouraged by the
opinions of able counsel, denied the constitutional
power of the law in granting the exclusive naviga
imn of the Hudson river by steam, and then com-
menced that memorable contest in the State courts
of New York, each, in succession, deciding in favor
of the grant, until, upon an appeal to the Supreme
Couit ol the United States, the judgment was re-
versed, the law declared unconstitutional and void,
and thus the last hope of his orphan firmly was
lorn from them, and tliev were thrown upon the
charities of a cold and unfeeling woild, embarrassed
with the debts of their fathei's estate, and wilh no-
thing to sustain them but the recollection, of his
virtues and his fame.
If Mr Fulton, after he had obtained his patent
for propelling boats by steam power, instead of
applying to the Legis'atuie of J>ie<v York, had ap-
plied to Congress to purchase his patent, would
Congress have awarded a less sum than the
amount proposed by this bill* Sir, I would ask
honorable members who represent the Western
countiy, to estimate the value of steam navigation,
in developing her resources—extending her popula-
tio i—btiiktinj; up her cities and villages as by the
spirit of enchantment—multiplying the elements of
national p"x> pt'ity, and pouring millions of money
into the N it o ial Tieasurv, hj ihe sal, of the pub-
lic lands' yu, 1 would ask them the Value of ihe
sen ees of Rob r 1'niton' Tie great rivers of
the West, the Ohio, the M ssissippi, and Missouri,
were innivigab'e, except upon their downward
currents-, until the i itroduction of steam naviga-
tion An I now more than five hu'id ed steamboats
are plyingm those waters, forrains; Ihe wings of
wf' n prts"pnt\ I tiusf that honora >]e mem-
hi is whtsf umslil'it nts share so largely 11 the
'U is oí his h'n i , will not he íinm'ndlül oí the
(lanns oí his t u d en
The triumphs of his distinction were not confin-
ed to the mcclnnic nus He was the piojector ot
the canal svsp-m of th,.. c nntry. The impulse  ot
his mind hrs1 avakened pub'ic it'ention to that
system of wtntal impiOveinents, which is now the
prule of New York and Pennsylvania In a letter
to Mr Gal'atm, Secretary of the Tieís íry, m 1808,
he sho t s the m h nee o can-d navigation m ce-
re   itmg the hiiri K of the Un on.
Mi Spei'.er, t hive thus gnen a npul sketch
ol h  c.rncter <iu ser j s of Robert Fuiton
U t, sir, t is not ci mpens-it on fo his general servi-
ces to this country, which has b-ought his children
befoie Conaress m the humble attitude of petition
Their claim is for specific relief. The language of
the bill is
'Toi tl e services of Ko'iert Fulton, m inventing a system of
coast and hart or defence and in testing its unlit), and for his
services foi inventing and superintending the construction of a
steam frigate at New "lork during and after the late war, and
for the us  of hi  patent foi steam frigates, and for the detention
