Feb. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
35rn  Cong----2nd Sess.
Mxtking public officers depositaries—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
the Executive; but beyond that, without it, they
are powerless.
There is in this case special reasons why his ap-
proval should not be evaded. The President is <tt
the head of the administrative department of the
Government, and is especially responsible for its
good management. la order to hold him responsi-
ble, he ought to have due power in the selection of
lis agents, and proper control over their conduct.
These banks would be by far the most powerful
and influenzal of all the agents of the Govern-
ment, and ought not to be selected without the con-
currence of the Executive. If this substitute should
be adopted, and the provision in question he re-
garded such as I consider it, there can be no doubt
what must be the fate of the measure. The Exe-
cvtive will be bound to protect, by the intervention
of its constitutional right, the portion of power
clearly allotted to that department by that instru-
ment, which would make it mipossib'e for it to
become a law, \vit'> the exiting division in the two
Houses.
I have not yet exhausted my constitutional ob-
jections. 1 rise to higher and to broader, applying
directly to tiis very essence of this substitute I
deny your right to nake a general deposite of the
pub! c revenue in a bank More than half of the
errors ot hfe may be traced to fallacies originating
in an improper use of words; and among not th*
least mischievous is the application of this word to
bank transactions, m a sense wholly different fiom
its ong nal meaning Originally it meant a thing
placen in trust, or ptedged to be safely and sacied-
ly kept till returned to the depositor, without being
used by the depository, while in his possession.
All this is changtd when anphrd to a deposite in
bank Instead ct returning the identical ¡rung, the
bank is understood to be bound to return only a.i
■>qual value; and instead ot not having the use, it
is understood to have the right to loan it out on in-
terest, or to dispose of it as it pleases, with the «in-
gle condition, that an equal amount be returned,
when demanded, which experience has taught is
not always done. To place, then, the public mo-
iey m deposite, in bank, without restriction, is to
give the free use of it, and to allow them to make
as much as they csn out of it, between the time of
deposite and disbursement Have we such a right1
The money belongs to the people—collected from
them tor specific purposes—in which they have a
general interest—and tor that only, and what pos-
sible light aan we have to give such use of it to cer-
tain selected corporations' I isk for thf provision
oí the Constitution that authorizes it. I ask, if we
could grant the use, for similar purposes, to private
associations or individuals? Or if not to them, to
individual ofheers of the Government, for instance,
to the four principal receivers under this bill,
should it pass' And if this cannot be done, that
the distinction be pointed out.
If these questions be satisfactorily answered, I
shall propound others still more difficult. 1 shall
then ask, if the substitute should become a law,
and the twenty-five banks be selected, whether
they would not m fact be the Treasury' And if
not, I would ask, where would be the Treasury'
But if the Treasury, I would ask, if public money
in bank would not be in the Treasury' And if so,
how can it be drawn from it to be lent for the pur-
pose of trade, speculation, or any other use what-
eier, against an express provision of the Constitu-
tion? Yes, as expiess as words can make it. I
a>-V the Secretary to read the 1st article, 9 th section,
and th  clause next to the last.
Iso í lOney  htt b-i di-iV' from the Treasury, but m con
eecj le e oi ¿i [ ropn mons made by law, and a r^gulai state*
rrenta id account oliheieceipts and expenditures oí all public
i oaey shall be pualished from time to time "
How clear' How explicit' No money to be
drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of
appropriations made by law, that is, the object on
which the expenditure is to be made, to be de-
signated by law, and the sum allotted to effect it,
specified; and yet we have lived in the daily and
habitual violation of this great fundamental pro-
vision, ¡torn almost the beginning of our political
existence to fhib day. Behold the consequences' It
ha  proitrated and engulfed the very institutions
which have enjoyed this illicit favor, ajid tainted,
above all other causes, the morals and politics of
the «hole country. Yes, to this must be traced, as
one of the main causes, the whole system of exces-
sive revenue, excessive expenditure, and excessive
surpluses, and to them, especially the last, the dis-
astrous overthrow of the banks and the currency,
and the unexampled degeneracy ot public and pri-
vate morals, which have followed. We have suf-
fered the affliction may the blessing, which follows
chastisement, whenitsjustice is confessed, come in
due season
But I take a still higher ground. I strike at the
root of the mischief. 1 deny the right of this Go-
vern ment to treat bank notes as money m its fiscal
transaction. On this great question, I never have
before committed myself, though not generally dis-
posed to abstain irona forming or expressing opi-
nions In all instances in which? National Bank
has come m question, I have mvanab'y taken my
ground, that if the Government has the right to re-
ceive and treat bank notes as money, it had the
right, find was bo nil, under the Coistitution, to
rpgulate th<.m, so a to male them uniform and sta-
ble as acurrencv. Tne reasovs for this opinion aie
obvious, ard lia/e been so often and fully express-
ed on former oGcasions, that it would be useless to
repeat theii now. but I never examined fully the
right of receiving, or made up my mind on it, till
since the catastrophe in. May last, which, as I have
said, entirely separated the Gove-nment from the
banks Piev ous to that penoJ,it was an absttact
question, With nj pract't al bearing, as much so as
is now the consmutional r>ght of admitting Louisi-
ana into the Uiuon. Things are now altered. The
connection i> th sohed, ard it has become a practi-
cal quest on of t e first niag ' tude
The mover of the s'u tute assumed as a postu-
late, that mis Guv ei ame n had a light to íeceive in
its dues whatever it might thm.i prooer. I deny
the position on toto. It is one that ougnt not to be
assumed, and cannot be proved, and which is op-
posed by powerful objections. The genius of our
Constitution is opposed to the assumption of powei.
Whatever power it gives is expressly granted, and
if proof were wanted, the numerous grants of pow-
ers far moie obvious, and apparently much more
safe to be assumed, than the one in question, would
afford it.    I shall cite a few striking instances.
If anv powers might be assumed, one would,
suppose tint of app'j mg .noney to pay the debts
of the Gov c-nment, and boirowmg it to carry on
its operations, would be among them; yet both are
expressly provided for by the Constitution. Again
to Congress is gianted the power to declare war
and raise arirn^s and navies, vet the power to
giant letters of marque and reprisal, and ¡o make
rules for the legulauou of t le army and navy, are
not left to assumption, as obvióos is they are, tvit
are given bj express grant. With these, and odier
instance* not less sfik ng, which migut be added,
it is a bold step to assume, w ithout proof, the far
less obvious powei of the Government receiving
wh?tevt-i it pleases in its dues as mone}'. Such
an assumption would be in direct conflict with the
great principle which the State rights party, with
which tne Senator (Mr Rives) classes himself,
ha. e ever adopted m the construction of the Con-
stitution But, if the former cannot be assumed,
it would be in vain to attempt to prove that it has
been granted, or that it is necessary and proper to
carry any of the granted powers into effect. No
such attempt has been made, nor can be, with suc-
cess On the contrary, there are strong objections
to the power, which, in my opinion cannot be sur-
mounted.
If once admitted, it would lead by consequence
to a necessary interference with individual and
Slate concerns never contemplated by the Constitu-
tion. Let us, for instance, suppose thit, acting on
the assumption of the Senator, the Government
should choose to select tobacco as an article to be
r.ceived in payment of its dues, which would be
as well ent led to it as any other product, and in
which the Senator's constituents are so much mte-
lestetl. 0oes he not see the consequences? In or-
der to make its taxes uniform, which it is bound to
do by the Constitution, and which cannot be done
unless the medium in which it is paid is so, the Go-
vernment would have to assume a general control
over the great staple in question to regulate tivs
weight of the hogshead or package, te «stapiA in-
spections under its own office,  in wter to deter-
mine the quality, and whatever else might be ne-
cessary to make the payments into the Ttefusmy
uniform. So likewise, if the still greater staples
cotton, be selected. The weight of th« baitefitfi 
quality of the cotton, and us inspection, would ali
necessardy fall under the control of the Govern 
ment, and does not the Senator see that the exer-
cise of a power that must lead to ouch consequences
—consequences so far beyond the sphere assign-
ed to this Government by the Constitution, must
be unconstitutional? Nor does the objection ex-
tend only to these and other staple article*. It ap-
plies with equal, if not greater force, fa receiving
the notes of State banks, as proposed by the sub 
st tute, in the dues of the Government and the ma-
nagement of its fiscal concerns. It must involve
the Government in the necessity of controlling and
regulating State banks, as this substitute abundant-
ly proves, as well as the whole history of out con-
nection wuh tl em, and it has been shown that
banks are, at ¡tast,.as far removed from, the-control
of this Goveinment as tne cultivators of the soil, or
any other class of citizens, To this I might add
another objection, not less strong, thdl for the Go-
vernment to receive and treat bank notes avi&Oiiey
in its dues, would be m direct conflict, in its effect,
with the important power, inferred expressly on-
Congress, of coming money and regulating the va-
lue thereof but as tins will come in with more pro-
priety m answer to an argument advanced by the
Senator from Massachusetts, (Mr. "Webster) I
shall now stale his argument, and reply to it.
He asserted again and again, both now and at
the extra session, that ,t is ips duty of the Govern
ment pot onlv to reguUte, but to furnish, a sound
currency. Indeed, it is the pruicipal argument re-
lied on by the Seuator m opposition to the bill,
v jxh he sajs abandons 'nis great dutv Kow, if
by cariency be meant gold ami silver coins, there
will be but ldtle difference between him and my-
self. To tha* extent tne Government has a clear
and unquestionable right by express grant, but if
he goes farther, and intends to assert that the Go-
vernment has the right to make bank notes a cur-
rency, which it is bound to regulate, then his pro-
position is identical in effect, though differently ex-
pressed, with ihat of the Senator from "Virginia,
(Mr. Rives,) and all the arguments I have urged
against it are equally applicable to Lis I hold, on
my part, that the power of the Government On this
«ubject is hini'ed to coining money and regulating
its value, and punishing the counterfeiting;  £ the
current coins that is, of <he coins made current by
law, the only mon°/ known to the Constitution. It
is time to make a d stmct on between money, or
cuirencv, if you please—between taat which will
legal1} pay debts, and mere circulation, which has
its value from its promise to be paid m the former,
and under which classification, £>a> k notes, as well
as bills or pronitssiiy not^s of individuals, fall.
These are all m their nature private and local, and
cannot be elevated to the level of currency, or mo-
ney, m the fiscal transactions of Government, with-
out coming irto conflict, more or less, with the ob-
ject of the Constitution in vesting the very power in.
Congtess, which I shall now proceed ttf show.
It will hardly be questioned, that the object was
to fix a standard in order to futwsh to the Union
a currency oí uniform and steady value, ami was
therefore united in the same sentence with 'he re-
lative power to fix the standai 1 of weigh's and
meastues—the objects being similar. Now, if out
experience has proved any thing, it has amply
shown thdtso long as the Govenment is connected
«ith the banki, and then- notes recen ed in its trass-
actions as money, so long it is impossible to give
any thing like stability to the standmd of value, and
that the power of commg and regulating the^coms,
becomes, m a gieat measure, a meie nullity. Every
dollar issued in bink notes, when it is made the
substitute for money, drives out of circulation
more or less ot the precious metals, and when the
issue becomes exorbitant, gold and silver almost
entirely disappears, as our experience at this time
proves. The effects are analogous to tailoring or
clipping the com, as far as stability of standard is
