isi
3Íih  ConG'-"2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
g#..t§31
Muki 11% public officeis depi si/arks—1/r. Calhoun,
Senate.
dental gain--. The offices and salanes wonW be
all. To tbrt extent, those who may hold them
would oe dependent on the Government, and thus.
Uv thev may be controlled üovr stand? the ac-
count oil the othei side1! What value shall be put
on the public deposites in the banks? What on
the receifabihty of their notes, as cash, by the
Government What on their connection with the
Gmeinment, as their fiscal agent, which would
gi'f so great a control over the exchanges and
betuno- oí the country1* How many millions shall
these be estimated at, and how insignificant must
the paltry sum of $30,000 or #40,000 appear to
those countless millions held under the provisions
of the substitute at the pleasure of the Government'
Having now finished the comparison as to the
relative patronage of the two measures, I shall
next eotnpaie them as fiscal agents of the Govern-
ment, and here let me say, at the outset, that the
disous^icu has, con toted an error which I once en-
tertained. 1 had supposed that the hazard of keep-
ing the publ c money under the custody of officers
of th* Government would be greater than in bank
Tnr Senatots from New Hampshire and Connecti-
cut, (Messis Ht'EBAHDand Niles) have proved from
tne lecord, that the hazard is on the othor side, and
that we have lost more by the banks than by the
collecting and disbursing officers combined What
can be done to mciease the security by judicious
selection ol «fticers, and pioper oiganization, is
strongly liltistiated by the fact stated by the chau-
man (i/l<- Wrkiit) hi his opening speech, that in
the Wat Dep li tment there has been no loss for
f.fieen jwh—from '21 to '36—on an expenditure
certain!} not lest than one hundred millions of dol-
íais 1 take  ( tie pude m this result of an or-
ganization which 1 originated and established when
Secretiry of War, against the most formidable op-
position.
As io the tdative expense of the two agencies,
that of the lull, as small as it is, it we are to judge
ny ttjipem ancei, is the greatest, but if by Jacts, the
substitute would be much the most so, provided
•we charge it with all the advantages which the
banks would derive from their connection with the
Government, as ought jn fairness to be done, as the
whole ultimate y comes out of the pockets of the
pet pie
In a siiielc* puncular the banks have the advan-
tage as fi-t at agents They would be the more
& tivt'iient To m s they are entitled, and 1 wish
to witnhold tin i them no credit, which thev may
justly claim.
Tut Seniti. itom Virginia (Mr Rivfs) appealed
to have great apprehension, that the collection of
the puh'ic dues m roecie might lead to hoarding.
He may dismiss his It ars on that head. It is not
the genius oí modern and civilized Governments to
hoard; and if it were, the banks will take care
that Ihcte shall be no extraordinary accumulation
of cash in the Treasuiy. Pass the lull, and I under-
wr ie that wo shall nev again have to complain
oi a surp'us It uould laieiy, it ever, in peace and
sett <d tiuK , < xcect thru o. four million^ at the
outside. Nor is his appiehension that hoarding
of spec e would lea<' t wui, less groundless The
danger s in ant thei yuaiter War is the harvest
oí banks, <\hen the  are connected wilh Govern-
ment. The vas' increase of revenue and expendi-
tures, and the enormous public loans, which neces-
sarily t nare mainly to their advantage, swell their
profits in vt a to the utmost limits But separate
them from Government, and war would then be lo
them a state of famine, fot reasons which must be
apparent after what has been said, which would
throw their weight on the side of peace and against
■war, just as certainly, as I have shown, that the
separation would throw tt on the .ide of tax-pa) ers,
and again°t the tax-consumers
I coue now to the comparison of the effects oí
the rwo measures on tne currency of the country
3 'thisresp"ct the Senatorfrom Virginia (Mi Rt\£.s)
turned to think that his substitute would hat e a
f/eat super onty over the bill, but hts reasons weie
to me wholly unsatisfactory If we are lo jur'ge
from expeaence, it ought to be pronounced to be
the worst pocsib'e measure. It has been in opera-
ron bat twice (each for but a few years) since
fa? commencement of the GfoYemi eivt| and lthas
sihtppened, that the only two explosions of the
cunency occurred duung these periods. But,
without ruljtug on these disastrous occurrences,
we have seen enough to satisfy the most incredu-
lous that there ate great and radical delects in cur
bank circulation, which no remedy heretofore applied
has been ab'e to remove. It originates in the
excess of paper, compared to specie, and the
only effective cure is to inciea>e the latter, and re-
duce the former; and this the substitute ttsell im-
pliedly acknowledges, by proposing a íemedy that
would prove wholly inoperative It proposes that,
after a certain period mentioned, none of the banks
to be selected should issue notes under ten dolíais
The effects would clearlv be, not a diminution
of the circulation of small notes, but a new divi-
sion of the banking business, in which the issue ol
large notes would fall to the lot of the selected
batiks and the small to the others, without reiti ict-
mg, m the least, the aggregate amount of piper
circulation
But what the substitute would fail todo, the bill
would effectually remedv. None doubt but the
separation from the banks would gieatlv increase
the proportion of -peoie to paper, but the Senatoi
from Virginia (Mr. Rivfs) apprehends, thit its
operation would be too powerful, so much so, in
fact, as to destiov the banks His aigumont is,
that specie would be always at a pieinii m, and
that it would be impossible for the banks to ib bu-
siness, so long as that was the case His fears are
groundless What he dieads would be but a tem-
porary evil The very iact that specie would bear
a premium would have the double effect to dimi-
nish paper circulation, and increase the importa-
tion ot specie, till an equiltbiium between the two
would be restoied, when they would be at par
At what point this would be effected, is a little un-
ceitain, bul the fear is, that with ourdeciea ng
revenue, instead of the specie being increased to
excess, it would not be increased sutliciently to g ve
the desired stability to the currency.
In this connect on, ihc S-nator urged an objec-
tion against the bill, which I icgaid as who ly
groundless lie said, that the pajmmt of the
dues of the Government in specie, would cieate
a doub'e demand, a domestic, as well as a fo
reign, the effects of which would be to mcicasc
greatly its fluctuations , and so deeply was he im-
pressed with the idea, tlmt he drew a vivid picture
of its alternate flow trom the coast to the interior,
and from Fioith to South, and back again All this
is the work of imagination The effect would be
directly the reverse. The more numerous the de-
mands, the less the fluctuation, so much so, that
the greatest stabihtv would be whete it exclusively
performed the function of circulation, and whtie
each individual must keep a portion to meet his
daily demands This is so obvious, that I sh ill not
undertake to illustrate it
But the superiouty oi the bill a\cr the substitute
would not be limited only to i more favorable pio-
port on be wi> n sp.v ie in p ipei It woul 1 hive
another npi riant advantage tMi cannot be ws'i
ovti estrnted it would make a practnal distinc-
tion between i uriency and calculation, bcU/cn the
' irrency oí the couriti ' and pmatc and local i u-
culalion, under which head bank papei would be
comprehendel The effects would be, to render a
general ex| losion ol the circulation almost impos
sible Whatevei derangempnts mishl occur, would
be local, and confined to some cm' particular torn
mereial sphere, and e\en wiihm its limns, there
would be a -.ound currency to fall back on, not par-
taking of the shock, and which would gieaily dimi-
nish the intensity and duration of the distress In
the mean time, the general business and firances of
the country wou'd proceed, almost without feeling
the deiangemeiit
With a iew remarks on the cctnparanve effects
of the two measures on the industry and business
of Hie country, I shall conclude their comparison
What has beei said on their relative effect  on the
cuirency goe* far to decide the question of their
relative effects on business and indcstiy.
I hold a sound and stable currency to be among
the greatest encouragements to industry and busi-
ness generally, and an unsound and fluctuating one,
now expanding and now contracting, ¡,o *hat no
honest man tell" what to dopasiMiong the ^greatest
discouiagements. The dollar and the eagle are
the measure of value, as the yard and the^bushel
are of quantity; and what would we thtrtkof the
incorporation of companies-to regulate ths latter—
to expand or contract, or shorten or lengthen them
at pleasure, with the privilege to sell by the con-
tracted or shortened, and buy by the expanded or
lengthened' is it not-seen that it would place the
whole industry and business of the country under
the control ol such compati es? But it would hot
moie certainly eflect it, than asimilar control pos-
sessed by the money institutions of the country,
ovei the measttte of value But I go further, and
ass>eit confidently, that the excess of paper currency,
as u til as us unsteadiness, is unfavorable to the in-
dustry and business of the country It raises the
price of every thing, and consequently increases the
puce o! production and consumption, and is, m the
t nd, hostile to every branch of industry
I hold that specie and paper have each their pro-
per spheie, the latter for large and distant transac-
tions, and the former for all others; and that the
nearer our circulation approaches gold and silver,
consistently with convenience, the bet erfor the in-
dustry and the business of the country. The more
specie the better, till that pomtis reached. When
attained, it would combine in the gieatest possible
degree, soundness, and facility, and would be fa-
vorable to the productive classes unirersaliy; I
mean m< n of business, planters, metehants, and
manufactuiers, as well as operatives. It would
be paittcuhrly favorable to the South. Our great
staples are cash articles every where, and it
was well remarked by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, (Mr Walker,) at the extra session, that we
sold at cash prices, and bought at paper prices; that
is, sold low and bought high. The manufacturing,
commercial, and navigating interests would also
feel its beneficial effects It would cheapen pro-
ductions and hi to manu'aetureis m lieu ot a pro-
tective taitfl its etitcts would be to enable them
to met t Aneij/n competition, not by raising prices
by high duties, but by enabling them to sell as
cheip or cheaper than tho foreigner, which would
harmonise every ínieres', and place our manu-
factures on the most solid basis It is tne only
rtuiclt by which the foreign market can ever be
commanded, and commanded it would be, with a
sound and moderately expanded currency. Our
ingenuity, invention, and industry are equal to any
people, and all our manufactuiers want, is a sound
currency and an even chance, to meet competition
with surcss any where, at home or abroad. But
with a bloated and fluctuating pap r circulation,
this will be impossible. Among its many draw-
bacte, it levies an enormous tat on the community.
I have already stated, that the community is
estimated to have been indebted to the banks
jj47.r),O0O 000 at the si^pension of specie payments.
The mtetest on this sum, estimated at six per cent,
(it oug' t to be higher,) would give an ¿rnual in-
come ti U.ose institutions of upwards of th rty mil-
lions, and this is the vim \earlypaidby the com-
munity foi bin' accommod-tion , to the excess of
which we owe our h'oatedand unstablectrcu'ation
Never w as a circulat on so worthless, furnished at
so dear .i rate How much of this vast mcone
may be considered as interest on real capital, it is dif-
ficult to estimate, hut it would, I suppose, be ample to
set down ten millions to that head, which would
leave upwards of twenty millions annually, as the
piofits derived from hanking privileges over
and above a fair compensation for the ca-
pital invested, which some body must pay, and
which must ultimately fall on the industry and
business of the cout.try Bat this enormous
c^pimtnoftl system is not astonishing so great is the hi
r uit.t i ¡;hf J to i s "lowtti Ingeniousmei) oí othei igcs de
voted tii ms hps n \diii to disctvtr the art of conveii-mg the
ha«ei itieu'i into ¿old «id snvor, but  e have conferred on a
ptii on of netommunm an <tn stti! higher—of convening pa
  i toa! tiitti teand purposes', into the prtcious metals aid
o jght \ e to be surprised, thaia  anide so cheap to the manu-
facturer , a id so dear to the lest of the community, should be
so greatly ovei supplied, and without any lefeiencetoihe.nte-
lCñt orlo the wants of the co n   unity?                           *
If we are to believe the Senator from Virginia, and other  ti-
the same side, we owe almost all our improvements and pros-
perity to the banking system, and if it should fail, the age trf
baibaiism would again íeturn I had supposed that ihe bases
of our prosperi.y were our free institutions, the widespread
and fertile icsionwe occupy, and the hereditary io1«fligencfe
and energy of the stock from whieh we w* d«Wefeir W1?
