Mar. 1838.
25ííi Co\g — 2\a Stss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Northeastern Boundary Question—Mr. Fairfield.
19?
H. of Re
Lincoln, in his message to the Legislature, January,
1827, says-
' My immediate predecessor [Governor Paris) has solicited
titt- docu Tienta contemplated by a resolve of a lorrner i^gnda
ture, relative to oui boundaiy, and I cannot but hope that the
peison ípplied to will hnd tiie obligations of his situation i>o
modified, as to adont his fumiblnngthe pioper o.hcers ol tint,
btate that mfortn.it on, bv winch it may be prepared to judje
conectly of the rightsol the Union, and of a fori if,n nation, in
cornice ion with that m impendent right which it ought to mam
tain, bo fal a the ¡uudeiitappliuttlus ofa'l its luslifjoit, mea is
will p rmit '
At the same session of (he Lpgislatui<% a i-«nlve
was pnipostd bv a po'itical fuend of my co'lrague,
[Mr. Deane ]    The following is ai ex'rao'
Hy a i solve oi the Legislaluie of tins ¡stn e, pab^eddn ' ry
¿h, ls¿b, tlu Governor oí lhl« ^ ate was a ithonzu! duú le
questedto tiki, burh measures -lb he miahtlh k e\net'ic ! -in I
effectual, to ptocute lor the use o the Statf certim cof íes and
document , etc mentioned li paid reso ve The Govei.ioi
having done allinhib powtl to pro Uie Jit,inform uion alluded
li m =yid íe^ohe but hi- effuts not haim bf-cn ^vccts\ful,
vour comrmt'ee aie of opinion that dio interest  oftlt&'ate
may be advanced oy a lenewat of tne requebt to the Govern
ment o} the tinted states "
Subsequently to this, viz April 13, 1S27, Go-
vernor Lincoln, m a letter to Mr. Clay, uses the
following language upon thi-, subject
"It was with niuchresriet notunmm"!el withniottificolion,
that Í const ieiei }out denial ol the u*-e of the repon  ami aigu
mente of the comiiusíioneis undei the tieaty ol Ghent'
Again, in tb" same leliei he adds:
With this spit it of foi be nance, she has sought inro.mation
only as to an infei est vital to hemclf, is well a  lmpoltant to
tile c auntiy, without any pui pooe calcvtattd tu excita du.li vxl,
with only bitch patriotic vieWb as have tendered the refusal to
t onap y with he itquen a sub <,u of that specusofüuipriüe
whet a lnend piedetei mined to lal.r no ojfence Icels when
he is njl ticufd tcith coi  i^uondcnt confidence "
And again.
1 As a free sovcieign -in 1 independen Repub'le n av Me lot
he i cunlt cd to have eo nnuit uio i wl h the autt otitt <■ ol the
Union, oi du 'hey Tican that we shi 1 submit m.p lci'ly to men
dlltxtton however wi<-e it i ay bt it the sanie tune ti u tl ty
deel tre tl en co tvictton f the/n jjn'ty rf i-i1lholding infn
m-tiun1 the general concerns til the t i ion ate, u cot. c
comrnunicaletl u !y ' > tic whole ■> it th t vvhici ic etc oc
jjaiticulai corn in urn ti/ wain iKl tl v mterc iul t Ue ¡and^ii
formation, --tela to vv rri nt t!ie leqje-tt I hav~ ma ic ami
which I am lelu tantly impelled to ? ertPin, with tin  tnodihe t
tion, that anv communication mVe in retuin wnt ue received
H so ictimred subiect to a restr iction on jiublieily, bevond
a co nmamctinn to the Legibiatt iC m the usualteims of c/i/t-
duitial comi/iu/iicat otis'
In a letter to the President, dated May 29, 1«27,
he sajs
liovevei t >>l ira * «• muv 1 ave 'icen the uincspctidcnee
Í have had ,v h t1 e -- c e ar> i f Mat 1 fat i t d" hrL a
co t t. d u tdt j c t l tit cd uj io i tin ! t c i f t i i
ie, exulta i n c n° o he v el uo M^ tee i hJ n \ 1
i )   e "
At toe ^ess iii '>' in: Legi-.latn'" ot Alaine,
Jan'vn, Ic^S, i reptut v is i i„d upoi ih« sub-
ject ol the boumlaiy, ly a politic ü li • nd t ' e
then ^National Admimstrat  n bro a lint I c\i du
the iohotvi is
1 Ihede ay fo give iidounation n the -> ate or Maine, uum
it had been üo ojurireqiit^'cd       i& c-itainiy %erj c *-li im
dlimrij "
Upon this point I have no more to say. The
i'acls speak for themselves, and can be appreciated
by the House without multiplying v,oids on my
pan.
A°ain Maine as umed tne position tha' the
General Government had no constitutional futhc-
ufy to cele any portion ot her ttrutory, cithei by a
direct delegation ol poser m the Constitution, 01
jndirtcllj tinder the treaty making power, by way
of prbilration, or otherwise Thit>, or rathti the
latter branch ot the pioposiuon, was virtuaby de-
nied by that Administration The entire coirect-
ness ot our positions, however, have been again and
again admitted by the two succeeding Administra-
tions , yet my colleague commends the fii^t and
condemns the last'
The Admitistration of that day, claimed the pow-
í r to Hibtmt ihe question ol boundary to (he entire
■'exclusion'' of Maine, even though it should m-
\'olve « dtimemlininent o/owi tntitoty, considering
it as a naliouul qtiedion merely, and regarding the
efloils ol Mame lo present her views upon the sub-
(tct lo Ihe Executive, as "obtrusive.'1
In connection with these remaiks, I beg leave to
reiei to the letter of Go\ermu Lincoln to the Presi-
dent ot the United States, dated May 29, 18"27 He
says
Havn learoe 1 that tliL sitie ihcreto [the di"t)uted terti'oiy]
i-,' t olved tn the details of a diplomatic- airan^ement, ion
duett d undei the sanction ol thcLvciunve Depariuienioi the
t-itleial t.ovetnnicnt, Mame, although not consulted. Vet
biuni liom delereiiic to ) a du* lespect to reasons, theui
turf mdt^ueo! which the i1; Í om a v/i/t/iottv and 11>, le i
oí i c nic. icn 'ered unatli to rompí tlfrut, bilieves ihat^he
ni^itt 11 | resent h^t ejpostula' ant, m n pui m \ v -ie teurcs
tnteuenit)2 hci witiunptn
Again, in (be same letter, he adds:
' It i* nut controv eated thai the cunttol of our foreign relaaons
belongs to the brnted ritati s as to object!, which have artbUi un-
der the Constitution or existing laws, but in regard to lights ac
quired by ai independent party,and interest* in property veBied
by acta anterior tu the existence or that compac*, the m erposl
uon ol the Federal Executive, without an exprrss grantyf
pouter, seeing to be gratuitous No statesman will asseu that
the treaty making puwei i*t competent to an act transcending
the scope oi the combined trusts of the G ivernment '
In a letter to Mi. Clay, bearing date November
1G, lci27, Gov, Lincoln says further
' I have also thi° day recen "d your communication of the
tf'i i instant Trom its contents, I am made sensible that the
t- nectiuu f have had the honor to urge against tlif $ubmu>&iu-ti
l f icign.um.pii col the terrnotial and jurisdictional rights
o' Ma e, without consulting or advising her as to the Condi
lion n.ve no' been deemed available li any injury shall re
suit t j her, the appeal will be made 10 die people ol thi3 coun
liyand lopo=terl'v" It has nof seemed arrogant or presump
twin, to have expected a recognition of her rights, and to
have asked, that, u she is to be made a sacrifice, she might not
be devoted withoutsome consideration on her paitof the term 
When you cautioned us against suggestions
of compromise and acts ol precaution, it was not believed that
It wa".lhat yon might the more easily throw us within the
power of an umpire, hut that you intended lo intimate that the
powerful arm ol the Federal Government was holding its ample
shield beloie us At lat,i we learn that our strength, security,
and Wea.th art to be subjected to the met cy o. a loreign mdivl
anal, h ho, it has oeen said by your rnmibter, larely abides
u pon * i ict pimcjples of law,J and ' has alway& a bias to try, if
possible to spht the difference ' I cannot but yield to the im-
pu be oi saving, most respectfully, that Alearte has not been
ti eated as she fias endeavored to deserve 5
In a letter from Gov. Lincoln to Mr. Clay, writ-
ten April 18, 1827, he says:
Ahmous,asm my situation I cannot avoid being, foi the
prebcrvation duun,! my continuance momee, andalwaysafter,
ol the it 'hcj of the rotate, I must express my alarm at a portion
oi Mr Gallatin b letter He says \n umpire whether a kin¿
ot alarnici rarelyd^cKleb on strict principles of law, he ha 
a \ ays a hiv- to try, if posible, to «pin the diflerence ' \nd
> < t I dm nilormed that there has been m progress an arrange
meni ol t te preliminar) points lor continuing such an umpue
1 cannot out hope ttiat i ana ¡gement will be effected, which
wiit endmt'er itiz halj fioni the meie circumstance ol a
wungful lain lo Iheuho'r underúiepi'ifulveoÁne^swhich
lb liable lu.,p[ilthe dt^erei ce 6'lic enrizhl Gnu icrjnn
Again, m his ltuer to tne President of the 29th
oiMaj, 1827, he «ays
1 Ihe treat> making power of the X i ited State* on one side
i id his Britannic Majest) on tl e o her agree to consider the
d ciMon ol the arbitiation i nal a~ i otuclusive I,et me say
ib*!, toa surrender of territory involved as a pobsibuny, u will,
I it cm, oe made ev ident that ther^ ib another party not to be an
lndnierentspectator ofitsown delaceration Thenimd, in con
teniplatiiig our prospects, is carried to the courts ol Europe,
a id led to scan the tubunals to winch you may lefer this sub
ject I would ot unsuitable ioi me to roi ¡ment rn the dispobi
ti v oi talcntsol foreign bOvcielgos or su'e1-, but it is not in
C-it tut that I can amioipa e the commitnng the de&t.nies ol
ai l <, t u it íesponbib e a biici, tobe found m a distant lantl,
m i 7 r^^arüj anqi'i'l J cdto actintht ca^t The charactei
ol Ub aibneWiipha,, been poitento islv exhibited by Ml Gal
latm S mice it to ba\, that the piopobm aibitration will j*o
paid       iiilkoi t her consent  unita'a 'u,t het mil!, the rights
1   Miin°        '               '         Taine now standing m the \ 'ace
ui 1 oí \ i trtrepi b c (Mabbachu-ctt ) ma\ deem the f f'h am
cieoi the tieaty 01 Gh ut a-havmst leu to a couite endangc
inj Iili i ighi   and leodeicu un e pam!u! and alartnuiu by her
cic'ubionfi om a piopei int<-icOininuiu a/'&rtand legitimate
coi ^laeratio i a* a party in the cabe '
Again, he says
' vVnatevci t-hi.cicei tppeiiuntd n theeni edet ition or to
t-o c vvno enteied into that ho y leigia, t l- manliest that tl e
Mitob vveie not ldenllhedand coiitoundcd with the I nlon, line
ia nn to tie question   htie i ice neo, undei   in, onB nal ticai>
II  \ c^tc tnd hnu'v I mu t thcretort rt-tt tiu!l> urge, that
h ' vevel !l t, po'icv an 1 jiriu^q e-of 1 c h vecut've department
ji tntFe'cia Govcinmi it intv d'Jatclht. mj Obitiou upon
Miineol aencc uid foil at aiue, and luwevei plainly may he
i i' t ait, 1 the disposition to treat the MiojiLt as li >nei ely na
i j in , ti t, will not obberve anv pi ooului e by the Lnited otates
a 11 G i Bntam fol thesevei uiceol her teiruory and the abro
gam t oi hoi authouty without a sp.^ibihij too bcnoif* to be
Jldl,bll.C
Oacemoie.
' It has been uiged lint this concern lb so ezcluMely nation
i7 tint Mame ib vbtru¿.nc in presenting her views to the cunsi
delation of the Executive    It lb neverdieleste believed, ' tfet
I ti the same document fiom \v Inch 1 have been
reading, I find a Icttei I rom the Lieutenant Go-
veinoroiNev, Brunswick to Governor Lmcoin,
dated November 15, 1827, lo a paiagraph ot which
I wish to call your attention It seems that a citi-
zen if Mame had been seized on the disputed ter-
utoiy by the provmctal authorities, and imprisoned
in the jail at Fredeucton. Gov Lincoln addiess-
edd letiei to ' his Maiesty'sLieuienant Governoi,"
asking him to communicate the rncumstances of
the airest His Majesty's Lieutenant Governor
leplies as follows
' It is not lor me to qucs'ion the propriety ol your Excellen
i > s opening a coucspoudcncc with tht Govern neni ol this
piov joe*,, on a question now pending m negotiation between his
M ijt iv'b Govennneri tndthcGt.veru.iici i oí thet nllidMa t^
i^coiitraitetlti.idei the tieaiy oi Gheui but it would / c. u> bt
eo/i^it,lenl udh my t,ensc of du y, nor tn cot foi tiutif tcuh ? ¿,
iiibtructions, to ¿ive the explana ions >uui Excellency le
p. ts, ¡o am pc rson^ t \ccptmg lhocfc with v\ boil 1 am dlrcc'eti
to correspond or undei whoet. oideis I Tin placeil    ?<nouM anv
reference be made by the General Government oí tl e United
Suites," &c.
Here we see the unfortunate and humiliating
condition in which Mame was placed.   A foreign
Govern ment had seized and imprisoned hex citizens,
and when asked merely to commnnicate the m-
cumsttmces of the ojtísI, tarns up lis aristocrater
nose, and says it is not consistent wtth Us sense of
duty so to do.   To the General Government tí. is
willing to communicate.    When we call upon the
General Government for information, there too,
we are repulsed: papers in which Mame is deeply
and peculiarly interested, are locked ny m the na-
tional archives, and she is not only denied copies
of them, bat her efforts are regarded as vwy ob-
trusive.   Again: on the one hand, the British Go-
vernment had unjustly wrested from Maine a por-
tion ot her terntory; and on the othei, the General
Government was apon the eve of submitting to a
foreign arbitrator the question m effect, whether
the  briush Government should keep the whole, or
only half oí what it had thus unjustly taken! Thus
was Mame bound hand and foot, and made ready
for the sacrifice.    Really, if Mame is under great
obligations to that Administration for its efforts in
her  behalf, I confess, myself totally unable to see
or comprehend them.   In relation to this matter,
however, I suppose my colleague'*, political optics
are some what kneener than my own.
Bnt the case was finally submitted, and that, too,
under the implied power, so far as our Secretary of
State and his Minister had power to confer it, of
splitting the difference. This was most mamfebtly a
fair subject of complaint on 'he part of Maine,
because it was entirely gratuitous and nncalled for
on the part of the Minister and Secretary. The
written terms of the submission were, upon this
point, perhaps well enough. Why then make de-
clarations inconsistent with these written stipula-
tions, calculated to lead the arbitrator to an ex-
ercise of power, not strictly granted, and adversely
t" our interests'! I am unwil'ing tobehevstba it
arose from any really settled feelings of hostiltty
to Maine, and her then political Government. The
letter of Mr. Gallatin has airead} been referred to, in
which he says, that "an umpire, wheiher a king or a
farmer rarely decides, on strict principles of la w, he has
always a bias to try, if possible to spht the diffe-
rence." The correctness of this position was sub-
sequently recognised and confirmed by Mr. Clay.
In his letter to Governor Lincoln, of .November
27, 1827, in reply to some objections which had
been urged against the submission to arbitration,
he says: " It is true, that it (arbitration) is a mode
not free from all objections, and Mr. Gallatin Inn
adverted to one, in the extract which ycu give from ene
of his ieliets." And thi , too, was alter ¡he con-
vention was entered into at London, prescribing
the terms oi the submission, that having been done,
September 29, 1827.' Altei, then, it had been
solemnly agreed, that the arbiter should decide the
quesUon of boundary upon sirtci prmciphs of law,
that is, accoiding to ihe twins of the treaty of 1783,
and not under the influence of that "pitiful weak-
ness" which " splits the difference between right
and wrong," we find our Secretary of ¡State ad-
mitting the latter as a valid, though not insuperrble
objection to aibitration. And here, I think, we may
dale most of the unfortunate difficulties that have
since grown out of this case. It it had not been
for these unfortunate expressions of our Mmister
and Secretary ot State, would the uaipi«3 ever
have thought of traveling out of the plain lelttr of
his commission, tor the purpose o( spluLng the
difference between right and wrong? 1 Hank not
And the extent of their influence s nce, \uth ¡he
British Government, ¡a protracting the =<-tt!eiiient
qf this question, no man can calculate
But again- Maine had not only jnst gtonflds ol
complaint, tor submitting the question unde*' ¡hf
circumstances in which it was submitted, büt oí the
selection ot the umpire himteif. I will not say I
was the worst possible selection that could have
been made, but 1 may bay, that there were many
and, to my mind, insuperable tbjectioiis to him
He wa\ m the firn place, undei great obligation^
to England. He owed her a debt oí ¿ratltude,
which, I suppose he would have been happv oi an
opportunity to pay At the Congress oí V.enna
in 1815, Holland aud Belgium were nu-'ed and
