APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
yrtheastern Boundary Question—Mr. Fairfidd.                                             H. of Reps.
25th Cong — 2nd Skss.
was so clear that he could not decide against ns, and,
situated as he was, he would not decide for us. He
therefore decided neither way, bat advised a com-
promise, by which the highlands were to be sought
in the bed of a river, and by which Maine would
have lost about two million acres of land. This
advice was rejected by the United States, and after-
ward by Great Britain hersslf, and thus we were
brought back to the point fiom which we started
in 18M.
After this brief history of the case, I will call
the attention of the House again to the terms in
which the boundary is described in the treaty of
1783.
'' From the northwest angle oC*Nova Scotia, viz: that angle
which is formed l>y a line drawn due north from the source of
the St. Cruix river to the highlands; along the said highlands,
which divide those livers that empty themselves into" the St.
Lawrence, from tiiosc which fall into the Atlantic ocean, to the
northwesternmost head of Connecticut river.53 " East, by a
line to he drawn along the middle of the river St. Croix, from
its mouth, in the bay of Fundy, to ita source ; and from its
source directly north to the aforesaid highlands, which divide
the rivers that fall into the Atlantic ocean from those which
tail into the nver St. Lawrence."
With such a clear, unambiguous, and lucid de-
scription of boundaries, it is difficult to conceive
how any controversies should have arisen in regard
to them, and especially that any serious doubts
should have been entertained as to the true intent
and meaning of the terms employed. A glance at
the map, and a slight attention to the topography of
the country, will only tend to increase oar sur-
prise.
It will be perceived, that running nearly parallel
with the river St. Lawrence, extending from the
head of Connecticut river on the west, nearly to
Cape Rossieres on the east, and at an average dis-
tance of some twenty-five or thirty miles, is a ndge
or height of land, from which flow in opposite di-
rections two classes of rivers; the first falling into
the river St. Lawrence, and the' other, mediately,
into the Atlantic ocean, through certain gulfs and
bays. This height of land separating the rivers
aforesaid, is not a chain of mountains, but may
more prop;rly be termed "a ridge of broken high-
lands," its average height being about fifteen hun-
dred feet above the level of the sea. At the ter-
mination of the American line, the height is over
sixteen hundred feet, according to the survey of
Mr. Bouchette, under British authority, in 1817.
About forty miles north from the source of the
St. Croix, is an isolated mountain or peak, called
Mars Hill, which, according to Mr. Bouchette, is
eleven hundred feet high. Scattered along wester-
ly from this, are numerous mountains or hills, near
which the Penobscot and its branches take their
lise, but not forming any regular and connected
chain. Near that point of the highlands which we
allege constitutes the northwest angle of Nova
Scotia, it will be perceived two rivers take their
rise and flow at nearly right angles, the Metis into
the river St. Lawrence, and the Ristigouche into the
bay of Chaleurs, and thence into the Atlantic
ocean. Other features of the country will be ad-
verted to as I proceed, and as may be found neces-
sary.
The points now in controversy between Great
Britain and the United States are as to the locality
of the northwest angle of Nova Scotia and the
highlands named in the treaty of 1783, and the
northwesternmost head of Connecticut river. The
laiter, contending that the northwest angle of Nova
Sxitia is at the termination of a line due north
from the source of the St. Croix to the highlands
dividing the head waters of the river Ristigouche,
which flows into the Atlantic ocean, from the
source of the river Metis, which flows into the river
St. Lawrence. Great Britain, on the other hand,
contends that the line due north from the source of
the'St. Croix should terminate at Mars Hill; that,
there is the northwest angle of Nova Scotia; that,
there are the highlands intended by the treaty; and
that, from this, the line extends westerly along a
range of hills to the northwesternmost head of Con-
necticut river. This claim, however preposterous
it may appear, has been pursu;d with a pertinaei-
ly, 7eai, and seriousness that perhaps entitle it to a
sober answer.
And first with regard to the starting points—the
notthwoit angle of Nova Scotia. Where is it? The
terms of the treaty of 1783 inform us; "to wit: that
angle which is formed by a line drawn due north
from the source oí the St. Croix river to the high-
lands" "which divide those rivers inat empty them-
selyes into the St. Law rence from those which fall
into the Atlantic ocean." We ar< nat to stop at
the first highlands on the course, nor the most
mountainous lands, nor highlands of any description,
othei than those which divide the sources of the rivers
aforesaid. This is an important and highly de-
scriptive adjunct, which cannot be overlooked or
disregarded without doing violence to the plainest
principles of construction. Without it, the phra.se
'•highlands" would be indefinite and indeterminate.
With it, the meaning is too clear and precise to
leave any room for doubt oringenious construction.
But what are the objections taken by the British
Government to our position? First, it is said that,
as a matter of fact, there are no "highlands" with-
in the meaning of the treaty of 1783, where our
north line, from the source of the St. Croix, termi-
nates. Now, if we admit, for the sake of the ar-
gument, that there is no mountain or large hill at
the termination of our line, yet the denial of the
existence of "highlands'''' at that place would seem
to coma with an ill grace from those who insist
that Mars Hill is -'•highlands;" for, by a survey of
Mr. Bouchette, a British topographical surveyor,
made in 1815, it appears that the land at the termi-
nation of the American line is over 1600 feet above
the level of the sea, while Mars Hill is only 1100.
Land, 11U0 feet high, is highland, but that which is
1600 feet high, is «oí highland! To such gross ab-
surdities do our adversaries find themselves driven
to support an unjust and groundless claim. But,
in relation to this point, we would advert to the
circumstances under which this boundary was
agreed upon in the treaty of 1783. It is admitted
by both of the contending parties, that Mitchell's
map, published in 1755, is the only one which the
negotiators of the treaty had before them at the
time, and by which they weie guided. At that
time, but little accurate information had been ob-
tained of the face of this part of the country; and,
by aa inspection of Mitchell's map, it will be per-
ceived that little else beside the rivers is attempted
to be delineated. Consequently, by these, the ma-
kers of the treaty must have been principally go-
verned. Hence the selection of the very appro-
priate and significant term "highlands." Tney
perceived on the map two classes of rivers flowing
in opposite directions—one class into the river St.
Lawrence, and the other into the sea—and that the
sources of these rivers were divided by a narrow
strip of land. With any knowledge, therefore, of
the laws of nature, must they not have regarded
this strip of land more elevated than that hing on
either side of it? And net being aware of the ex-
istence ot mountains, none being laid down on
Mitchell's map, would there not seem to be a pe-
culiar appositeness m the use of the term '-high-
lands?"
Mars Hill cannot be the highlands intended m
the treaty of 1783, (as costended for by the British
Government,) because it is entiiely destitute of the
adjuncts named in the treaty, instead of being a
continuous tract of elevated land, it is an insulated
peak, or mountain. Again, and what ought to be
regarded as conclusive upon the subject, it does
not " divide the rivers that empty themselves into
the river St. Lawrenee, from those which fall into
the Atlantic ocean." So far from this, it is one
hundred miles from the sources of the rivers falling
into the St. Lawrence, and divides two tributary
streams of one river, to wit: the river St. Johns.
Again: it is said by the British Government that
the rivers Ristigouche and St. Johns are not riveis
falling into the .ItlanlU ocean, because they empty
themselves, mediately, the first through the Gulf .J'
St. Lawrence, and the latter through ihe Bay of
Fundy. This argument, if it prove any thmg,
proves ioo much. If this position be tenable, then
there were no rivers between the northwest angle of
Nova Scotia and the head of Connecticut river,
falling into the Mantle ocean, inasmuch as all of
them fall first into bays or sounds: the 3t. Cioix
into the Bay of Fundy, the Penobscot into a bay of
the same name, the Kcnnebeck and Androscoggin
into the Sagadahock, and the Connecticut into
Loiig Island Sound.   But the commissioners who
negotiated the treaty, certainly did regard some
rivers between the points aforesaid as falling into
the Atlantic ocean, for they are so expressly named
and described in the treaty. Does it not, then,
conclusively follow, that, in the view of the com-
missioners, a river might be said to fall into, the
Atlantic ocean, though it first discharged itself into
a bay or sound? and if one of the rivers could be
so regarded, by parity-of reason, might not all the
others?
Again: that, the commissioners considered these
bays and gulfs as a part of ¡he sea or Atlantic
ocean, may be gathered from the terms used by
them in another part of the treaty. By the third
article, it is provided " that the people of the United
States shall continue to enjoy unmolested the right
to take fish of every kind on the Grand Bank, and
on all the other banks of Newfoundland; also, in
the Gulf of St. Lawrence, and at all other places in
the sea where the inhabitants of both countries
used at any time heretofore to fish." Here, it is
perceived, they consider the Gulf of St. Lawrence
as a part of the sea or Atlantic ocean.
Besides, the commissioners tpeak only of two
classes of rivers, the first falling in'o the St. Law-
rence river, and the other into the Atlantic ocean.
Now, as the Ristigouche and St. Johns certainly do
not fall into the river St. Lawrenc^, to what class
can they be assigned, but to those failing into the
Atlantic ocean?
But, without relying upon these clear and cogent
proofs of the views and intentions of the commis-
sioners, it is believed that the usual and common
acceptation of the term sea or ocean embraces the
bays, etc. before named. " Sea, in its general
ser.se, embraces the whole body of salt waters on
the globe. Its gieat subdivisions are designated by
the names of Atiatitic ocean, Pacific, Indian, Arctic,
Antartic oceans, etc; and each of these is a general
appeiiation, embracing, when not specially or im-
p.iedly excluded, all the tais, gui.s, and inlets,
which are only port.ons of such ocean, being formed
by the indentures of the shores to which it extends,
or by adjacant islands."
But tiie claim of the United States, thus clear
and indisputable upon general reasoning, will be
found net only to be justified, but rendered doubly
certain, by reference to the documentan- evidence
in the case.
In the year 1763, the war between England and
France resulted in a relinquishment by the latter of
a 1 right to Nova Scotia, and a cession of Canada.
England then became the undisputed owner of both
Provinces; and, during the same year, a Royal pro-
clamation issued establishing boundaries to the
Province of Quebec, or Lower Canada. That por-
tion of the proclamation applicable to this question,
was in the following words, viz:
'■Whence ihe ~aid hnecro^iL,-' ihe river Si. Lawreitceand the
Lt'<e Chtmplaii:, m i-j decrees uf nona U'.'Ukk-, pa.-^es along
llf harhiands irii.'ch dirul* the rives It/at onply ihernselv^
inio the i*«idrii'€>° St. Lai?rf >*<t. frumti.jst 'ch'dtfuii intu
lit sea. ami also alun^' the nut í.i C'íí¿.' t/V¡«; Bay of Chaleurs,
and the coas! of Ihe Giiífoí !?t. I,awrence u> Cipe Uncieres."
In 1774, the foregoing boundaries were solemnly
confirmed in an act of Parliament, entitled "An
Act for making more effectual provision for the
government of the Provir.ce of Gluebec, in North
America." The words are as follows, viz: "Bound-
ed on the south by a line from the Bay of Chaleurs,
alonz the higVands, tr/iic/i civiac Ihe livers thai empty
thtmsdvts into the nter Si. Lawrence from those which
fall into ihe sea, toa point in 4i° ol'noithern lati-
tude,*' &c.
The boundaries of Nova Scotia, as defined also
in 1763, in the commission of ihe Governor, were
in the iollovving words, viz:
'• Bounded on the westward by a K¡r drawn !i*im Cape
Sable, acioss the eíiírn**ce of the líiy.'i F.;, jv, to ihe moutn
of '.lie nvei Si. Croix, by the fa d >,/•>■ io tu e. «re*, and hy
aiiue dia-cn <lu<« 7u>r;k,fr m tóíV.T- .' ; <■'* „v.,</'' ¡-rjiuuiidaiy
of our o-.'ony of Qittbn, to ilte ¡iuíi.,M-'r i l,i ?ht faid boim-
Xtrv, a? far as die wes'ern e\*remiry oí the B,,v of Chaleurs
to die c.isuvard by the said bay, and tic (Ju'foi'iit Lisvience,
io, *.c "'
Then followed the treaiy of l?e3, in shichoor
boundaries are described as follows, viz: from the
no'thwest angle id'Nova Scotia, to wit: that ahjlc
which is formed by a line due north from the <r\¡n-
cf the St. Croix to ihe highland--; along the >aul
highlands which divide the rivers that empty ¡hein-
selves into the St. Lawrence, irom those wh.ch
fall into  the Atlantic ocean. (^  the ír.-rthwestem-
