202
á5iH CoNG'-"2\'i> Si,Sb
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 18Ó8.
yoUheaitern Boundary Questem—Mr. Fairfield.
H. of Reps.
thost head of Connecticut river, " east by a line to
be drawn along the middle of the fiver St. Croix,
from its mouth m the Bay of Fundy to its source!
and from its souice directly north to the atoiesaid
highlands, which divide the rivers that (all into
the At'antic ocean from those which ¡all into the
nvei St. Lawience." No one can doubt, it is pre-
sumed^hat, by adopting neatly the same phi aseolo/y
the makers of this treaty, intended to place the
boundaries of the Unued States where the boan-
dauesot Nova Scotia and Cauada \uic establish-
ed by the foregoing proclamation, wt, .indcom-
misbiou, and that the terms- aud pillases uae
used in the same sense I ideed this position has
been assumed by the British Government itseli,
and constitutes the bast  ot an aigument by Mi Chip-
man, the British agent, undei the treat) of 17Ü4,
the object then being; to ascertain what nver was
intended by the St. Croix, and this, question about
the highlands and northwest angle of Nova Scotia,
not then having entt led into the imagination oí
man.
Between the period of the evtabhshme it ol a si.
paiate Government ior Lower Canada, (VCA > ami
the definitive treaty of peace betwet u Gicat Bntam
and the United States, (17S3.) a great numbei ot
British maps were compiled and published, m
Which theboundanes ot Nova Scotia and Llueuec
are delineated, precis, ly in ace. rd ince with the
present claim ot the United States the western
line of Nova Scotia crossing the St. Johns, and
extending to the highlands, while not one can be
found agreeing with the piesentpteteitstons of Gr. it
Britain. The titles of some of mes maps, wnn the
times of publication, are as iollows, viz
"17S3 —A new map of the British Dominions in rsuitli Ame
lai, with the limit's of lht Governments tniiexedlheuui liy tin.
late treaty of peace and settled by proel mi mun, Oriobpi 7th
17o3 Ui «laved by f Kuchin, gtogiaphci foi the Annu it lie
gis   i of lí6á
"1769—A new and accmate map of the liri'ish Diimninns
in North Amciica, according to die trcatv of 171.1 div nj< 1 into
the seveial provmceaaod |llt ¡whctione f>rojt eti .1 opon tin It -.1
authoilticsanddytioniimical observations,!^ ihos kiiehin,i ui
giaphei    Enslaved for Kn ix'tHistoivoi the Warm \i*ni t
"17b5—- \ mtpof North Amema by J 1'ilimt -iHi t. n
«iderable alteidtions. and improvements lioin I) \mllt Muh
til, ahd Belhu by t   l)i larot hetn
"IToti — \ impel tin BimpIi Dtmimrms ni \ u !i Vm no
as-settled bv die lve mat) of pM<.   17t>3     1  it 11
"17?0-l!illi-.h Li ipni in Ninth \mui i i HuhtWi ill
dia isles, ai ni \e.l to Wvnni 's Iti loij
"1771— \ new  nil   ic    ite imp    f\>   h   \m ¡ . i  fruit
ttie famous Mr   DAiiiiP.  Ac     \b\ile n v\   duM'i     :t
col In g to the lilt tie i'y of p ut   liv I'tt     II P  _ ) i tpli i
'177'—*. tu i p .1 the linn h Dinini mil > mh Am uti
according to the tieaty of 17o i in P ti.rH II no' ipiiei
' Í775 — North Anienttatnl the W.sl Indiif, with lltcopp
site .odstsof Lurope and Airita    I'ubltalitd a toidm,.1 to act
ol Ptrhament
"177b —Ancwm-ip of die piovmce of Q.uober acetádmelo
the toral pioclamation ol tin. 7th o 1 Üctobei, 17i3, liom th
French suiveys, connected with tho-.e m tde after the wu by
Captain Oatver, and other oPiceis in his Mtiesfy^ stmie
Sayer ind ilennett
'1776—\ general map of tne Noithun tiniwli r domes in
AnlTtca, which comprehends the piovinci ol lluehi r die G i
veinment of Ncwlounland Tsovi 8coua IV w rrgland, mil
New Yoik from the maps published bv the Admu.diy ind
Board of Trade, &c
'1777— s. new an 1 correct map olVnlh \nuiic-t wilhthe
West India isbnds,divkle ' fYoi !in;r to d do in u> oí ¡ <
i onclu le 1 at 1* in 10th I el rtidiy lit ' v,h i.m ire putu
laily dl tm^ulshel the severtl | ivinui ml t 'oni s win h
compote th3 ButishEnpit, hid flown ace mi^ to the H'tst
smveys, and coiki ted liom ih original mutual^ oi Gover iui
I'owna'l, member of Path imen'
' 1777—1 he British colonies iniwrili Amenca By Willi mi
Fadon
"1778 —A new m-tpofN irth \m uca ftorn the Htistdifc >
venes    Eigravedfoi Carver's Tr veis
During this penod also, in all the commissions to
the several Governors of Nova Scotia and Canada,
the description of boundary is the same conespond-
ing with the royal proclamation of 1763, and al) the
maps before enumerated
From 1783 down to 1814, numeious British
maps were published, m all of which the bounda-
nes of the United Stales and the British Provinces
correspond with the boundaries between the-e pro-
vinces and Ma ne, as defined m all the maps prior
to 1783, the tit'es of some ol them ar" as (olio is,
viz:
"1783, Teb 9— The UnilerlS at s of Amenc-i v, th the Bn
tish possessions of Canada Nova bernia, Ntwfoun.11 iwl Am.
¿c accoidmgw the prtimii ury articles of peace signed at Ver
satliesthe20horlanuaiy, 17=S    K Sayer and J Benn u
"1783 —A new and correct map of Noith America <n which
the places of the principal engagements durm^ the present w tr
are accurately m&eited, an 1 the boundaries, as stttkd by treaty
of 1783, clearly marked    J Dew
"1783, Apn!3 —The United States of America, laid down
from the büstauthonties, agreeably to the peace ol 173o By
John Wallia    London.
«1783, July 16.—An accurate map of the United States ol
\meu. i Mih pari of the mirroundinrprt  rotes, agreeably to
the treaty of peave of 1783    By John Cat}'    London
"17^2 — The 1! med States uf North America «ith the British
asd optmtb Uintones, according to the tttaiv liy William
i\ 1. r
l.So Ottotti 2 — \ new mapof tut United States of Ame
not, ivit h the Butli-h Amencart domin oils on mat continent,
A.c By s.tmuet Dunn, mathematician inipivn oil from Uu>
surveys ol Capt tirvtr
'Bow, s'a mw fi> i sheet mop ol Nmh Amtncaand the
\Ve>t Imites evhibimif thcettenliuid hmindaricsol the United
^«ites, the Bluish dominion;., &.f , the whole compl'ed and laid
ih   i fioin tJie hostaut ion tes    London
"1 /si — Bowk* s ntw p. Ut nnp .1 the Unite I States of
\mi nea, >he ButWi po-«. s^l   -oi t'niiadii Nov t Scotia, Now
intnd.mJ A.i asstuled by ihe prihmtiiuy anules of poate
sumí it at Vir lilltbtlu JOth ol Idtiunrj.rsi    London
17M - 4 new and t-aret t map of Noiih vmeura VMth tho
\\tvt ¡mill L,hnh< dividtdiK.otdmir to the last tt. it) of peace,
tonrludeilat lansth. ¿Oih rtl Junuirv 1783, n In i. in are pat
ticutarlj distiiiinishid tin thnt.en piovmits nhnh compose
the l miad Stales of North Ame! ir i By Mittthtvv Alheit and
(.eoi;. Un done I,niui
1 17*1 - lli i n de la Tour's Kl its Unit d Ami l iqut &c   l*ai is
' PnI — ^titvm'p if \oiih Amenci vmiIi the West India
islmls divided a. ctn hm, to the pitlimlnary i littles ot peace
*i¿nt lat\.r--i lies Jtlth .1 inn n>, 17 \1 vvh.nlnait pnrtit ulally
distinaiiishtd the 1 ¡an t "s nas ml ihcMwnn! riovmres, iío
v H *n v ¿ win h loini o*e the Britishd.mnnonw md cor
mu- lioin tht oiiunial iiHittiuls ot Oovtmoi l'ownall, uom-
i ti   I Pulí o   n'
'l"r!    *jiii   nnp    Loo on
(17'H \ ntvv map of i he win K cmitinent of \meriti. di
v 'ui mi i "North i ut *m iih and ^ >st Imhes wheiem are e\
i t'vde.tll i i i h. lint!. .1 Mates ol Nollh Atnorica tiswellas
t!its,\iut] I t!io[.i in possession', actoidlni to tin pit'imina
11* — i i<> e > jntd it tn ulltsjanui y JO, 17h"(, \c By
I mile and \\ Imtk    1   tu! m
' 17')t -An w pnpol Noitli Amtriti, asjretatily tethelatest
l'l    ovouis       1, lll.llllt
11701 - A mtiji oi th. United Í* aieit of \mcrica, witli part of
ihe idioinnuprnvmi i    fiom the laltst aillhonttOB
1705 — \ nap td N irthAmeiica and iIk V\ est Indie  By
I. 1> - 1) I ill tin lie    loudoi
HKI \nieritt divid. 1 irn > Ninth md hollth, with lluir
i. vei il ihtlivt.lnr and "he i vvi { discovertts B) laurie
a id Win tie    I omltn
"I?"'! 0 I ftdltzinan Mune Ilunliurtr Call Earnest
1) ih i
'1 tl — Mipofih. Biitihi do nes an 1 the I nit. (¡States of
Noiih \m. n. i     f 11 d"    '
Since 1814, seveial hive been published, m
which it i  btlieved the old well-known and woll-
established line is adherid to At all events, there
is tme now suspended in the room of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Allans, tliawn liy Mr Bout hette,
undei Bntisii nn'honH, in 1815, in whiah the
"Puitmce if Maine" is plat td in large capital 
across the now deputed territory, and on which the
hi"hl.iniis aic deline net!, as <il old
Bal I shoul 1 i ot1   paitkiKtl for dwelling longer
upon th s pmnt, though ihtu' ait> many arguments,
and (tfi'iit ones i >,nut \et n duet! Some ot (hem
wete pressed npun vour tttenlion by rny colleague,
with a cleirncs ,>t'dlorte I could not equal, should
I atiempt it If his ar/timelUs opon this point shall
have had tilt «'fleet upon the minds ol uitmbMs
thich they oniht, I shall be sitisfkd, and the ob-
ject 1 h i f bad in view obtained
And now lei m  mqmre, wl v mo^Ul can say
then is inj doubt about the title oí Maine to this
lerntoi)) Is it not f stiblished by the moit cle.u
,'inl indubitable evultnee, and most of it, too, do-
med from the advtrsarv nation itscllf I will not
1 'In "<r, Ilia'aniiitiivithulcati belound tin s le the
Ail tunc, who will disp ., 'e oui title, cr t'dmit mat
thtie is anv doubt aoout it
If then, the title of M une i^ eh ar and md sputa-
ble, why n )t pass ihts bill'! 11 «i i mtrcly that the
line should be run and marked Is it not the duty
oí the General Government to ma main the integri-
ty of out tenilo v' No out will denv that it is so,
1 y vulue ot the express ) i<>\ i>mns ot oui ctnstitu-
tional eompict Wny nol then take this single step
toivards di th..iging a most solemn obligation?
Wh it motives or whit citisescan be assisned to
jtislifj a refusal to do what you have agrud to ih7
I tinsl that gentlemen will give this matter a proper
cons ler. tion, and not permit the constitutional
n^h s of Mame any lon/i r to be ov trlooked or dis-
lerarle '.
W I any gontleman say that we should tontinue
lo solicit Gitat But in to enter upon nejonations
touching this matter—-ne'jotia it ns not to pux tire a
iclinqutsbmtnt often ory wronafnlly wrcsifd from
us, but simpl' loiunthc line1 I .iould invite such
gentleman to t \amme the corrcj-pondence which
has been held between the two Governments for the
la*t six years. It will furnish the most indubitable
proel that nothing is to be expected from such a
course That, so long as Great Britain is permit-
mttted to hold the actual possession of Mad*waska,
and have free intercommunication betwesen hef
Provinces  she will be very willing that we should
dillydally with negotiations till doomsday.
Let me call the attention of the House toa fe* oí
the declarations of the British Government, made
in a correspondence with this Government since Ja«
ly, 183S.
After ihe rejection of the award % the Senate of>
the United States, Mr. Livingston, then Secretafy <k
State, in a letter to Mr. Bankhead, dated July 21,
18d2, invited a negotiation upon the subject for the
parpóse of settling the line according to the treaty
of 1783.
Sir Charles R. Vaughan, m a reply to this, by
letter, dated April 14, 1833, sayss
"Ills Majesty's Government regiet thai they cannot (frsCJve
in this proposal any piobahle means ot ainvlnst at a settlement
ol this difficult question It appears to his MajestVs Govern-
ment to he utterly hopeless to attempt to find out, at this timo
ot day, by means ol a new negotiation, an assumed line of boun-
dau  
Again: in reply to a letter of Mr Livingston, ¡u
which he suggests the principle of making courses
yield to monuments, Mr. Vaugha  says, in a letter
bearing date May 11,1833:
"Tho undersigned is c mvinced that it is hopeless to expect 4
favoiablo result from a renewed negoutation upon that sub-
ject "
Again, in the same letter, he says:
"Itls the duty of the undersigned to transmit immediately to
liiflGovemmeritthenoteof Mr Livingston, but, at the same
time, ho cannot resist from inviting tno Secretary of Slate of
the United Slates w offti, without waiting the result of tha
iefereuce,somt moiepiompt ind efficient measuri-s foi the set-
tlement of the liotmdarj  than tho renewal of a nepvnation er*an
mutfmusiolr basts, or lecourse again to connmssioneis of
boundary," etc.
"Inadmissible basis'" What was that basis? Why,
the treaty of 1783. A treaty signed by the British
Government, m which our boundaries are agreed
upon in the most clear, explicit, and unambiguous
term*, is set aside by that very Government as an
madmisstitte basis for running and settling the lm" '
Will gentlemen, after this, tell us that we should
still persevere in our hitherto abortive attempts at
negotiation?—that we should coax the British Go-
vernment a little longer, under the possibility that
she may relent at last, and unsay what she has so
often and so emphatically said? I will not believe
that Maine is to be thus msulted. If there is to be
any further negotiation—any new proposition—in
the name of a proper selt-respect let it come from
the Bntish Government.
But let us look a little farther at this correspon-
dence. In a letter of Mr. Vaughaii, dated May 31,
1833, he says fuither.
"itappe.iistt* the undersigned that the time is now atnvet!
when thin perplexed and hlthoito mteiminable qiustion can
oiiiy he «et at i est by an abandonment oj the dejeetive dp scrip
fui  a/boundai y contained in the treaty, by the two Govern-
!ii< nts inutu illy a¡rrrein£ upon a «onventional line ofboun
diiy metí convenient 11 both parties than those msisled upon
hy the co nmjs&ioiionj oí boundary un Itr the fifth article of the
ncaty ol Gin nt, or the lino suggested by the King of tilo
Netherlands "
In the same letter he adds:
'The pioposittoni of Mr Livingston very justly provide 
igamst any deviation eastwaid irom the direct north line fiom
the fit Orolx, but theopciaiion which it contemplates is still
hi restricted to tht terms of the treaty that ti c basis of it is
(he not u ih tt which the undt i>ignttl h is been inbtn eted by
Im Govei ntnent to ml n m th.. Government of tht United State*
that it wis hopelitsío ni foliate upon "
Here, again, the treaty stipidatinni are rejected,
and it is substantially declared to be hopeless to ne-
gotiate further, unless we give up our poor purita-
nical notions that nations, as well as individuals,
should faithfully abide by their agreements.
Notwithstanding all these discouragements, our
Governmentstill peisevered, earnestly soliciting the
British Go/eminent to agree upon some mode of
settling the line according to the terms of the treaty,
and suggesting ways in which it could be done.
February 10, 1834, Mr. Vaughan makes another
íeply, and endeavors w show that although the
King of the Ketherlards had not decided the mam
qii<st on sub miff-d to him, yet, by way of infe-
rence, hi. had decided seveu other points, and he-
then adds
Now, wlittnet the two pal ties adopt the mode of settlement
recomm.ndel by tht atbitet,aud agree lo divide between them,
in s imt p oportion or other-, the dtspo'ed temtory or whether
tliey shall sun ma'ee another attempt to trace a boundary in
strict conformity with the woids ol the treaty, m either caea it
appe its to his Majesty's Government that it would be necessa-
ry to adopt these seven decisions of the arbiter as a ground-
work for further proceedings, and « seenis that no sattsfac
lary or ns'ful remití cpuld be obtajrted from the loetjheurvey
proposed by the American Government, until the two parties
are agreed upon these seven points "
