Mar. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
2jth Cong—2nd Slss.
Making public offrtrs depositaries—Mr. Morris.
Senate.
Now I ask the House to look at this proportion
in all its naked deformity, and then to say, whether
a proposition of a more insulting character could
be trnde A case is submitted to an arbiter, to wit-
to settle a boundary line accord ng to the terms of a
tiealy. He, pretending to find great difficulties in
his way, declines deciding, setting forth his views
at large m a report, and closing with his advice to
the paxtit  ,o adjust the dsp"e in a particular
waj, utteriy at variance with the terms of the trea-
ty Bat, as the arbiter had travelled out of his
comrnlesion, hid a 'vised rrereit, -when by aoceptirg
the papers ho lad pureed to decide, and had con-
founded "highlands" with the bed of a mer, the
awarJ is rejected and tet aside as of no validity
or effect.
Some years afterward', when another attempt is
made to settle the difficulty, ons of too parties hunts
up the old report of the arbiter, and endeavor  to
show that tne arbiter, arguendo at least, had decided
beven poin s subsidiary *o the mam question, which
he did not decide, and insists that the'e seven points
shall be made the " groundwork for further piocenl-
mgs," m effect, insisting on a right to pick out of
the award all that they consider as particularly fa-
vorable to themselves, and throwing the rest away1
Now I ask, what can he more insulting than this'
I ask if the history of diplomacy can show its pa-
rallel, and it we are will.ng to submit to this degra-
dation nnj h nger1 But this is uot all In a letter
oí Mr Vaughan to Mr Fors}th, dated December
8, 1834, he sajs "His Majesty's Government
trust that the Ameucan Cab net will be p-epared
to agtee wnh that of hisMaje«ty as to the construc-
tion to be put upon this passage of the treaiv, and
will concur in deciding that the Atlantic river-.
nh oh ire to p/u de the commissioners in serrchmg
for ¡he h ghla'u's de-.ciib'rl in the treaty, are tho>e
riveis which fall into ihe sea to the westward of the
mouth of the river St. Croix." That is, the St
Johns and Ristigouche are not Atlantic rivers; and
he adds* "The undersigned is instructed to repre-
sent to Mr. Forsyth that his Majesty's Government
consider a clear agreement between the two Go-
vernments on this point to be an indisputable preli-
mmaiy to ihe establishment of any new commis-
sion et survey " And sub^eaurnth", he sa) s, after
alluding to the arbitration of the King of the Ne-
therlands, the British Gov ernment" cannot noio con-
sent to refer it to any othei aibiliation "
Here we have it, in express terms, that the Bri-
tish Government will not ^ub-mt the matter to cbi-
trilion at any rate, and will not consent even to
have a survey, unless we will agree to their '' mdi=-
putab'e preliminary, ' to v it that the St Johns and
Ristigouche are not Atlantic rivers, that is, they
will not consent to enter upon a course to ascertain
the line, unless we will fir^t admit that we have no
case, fcr I regard the acknowledgment that the St
Johns and Ristigouche are not Atlantic rivers, as
equivalent to it But, to cap the climax in this
series of insulting propositions, let me quote once
more from the letter of Mr. Bankhead to Mr. For-
syth, dated December 28, 1835 " His Majestv 'a
Government, however, do not the less lament that
the advances which they have made have been
fruitless, but with their regret is mingled the satis-
factory consciousness which they feel, that, in ma-
king those advances, they have gone to the utmost
extent to which a due legard to the honor and inte-
rests of the British Crown could permit them to
go" Honor and interests of ihe BiUish Croimi'
What sort of honor is that which unblushingly and
v antonly refuses to abide by the solemn stipulations
ot a treaty? But they have a " satisfactory con-
sciousness" in contemplating the " advances" they
have made. " Advances1" What advances have
they made, but to advance «pon our territory, and
then insisting upon our agreeing that they are
right, before they will consent to inquire into the
legality oí such an advance They have, to be
sure, made " advances," but they are upon our
patience and good nature; they are a wanton
trampling upon our rights
But, sir, I will not occupy the time of the House
longer with this branch of the subject. I have not
lead all from the correspondence bearing upon the
point 1 have been considering, lest I ¡>hould fatigue
the House; but only enough to show that it is
utterly " hopekss," as the British Government say,
to expect any thing further from invitations on our
pait to protract'his correspondence , and I think
everv member who has listened to rfif mu-t be '•a-
tisfied o! that Wh4, then, shall be donel Shall
Great Britain be permuted to reman m the qu«et
and undisturbed possession and u^e of our property,
without miking "ii" s ngle eff< n on ojr part to
proc.ii  ik r'st(-rat on? Shall -ve tamel) submit
f the derrnda. orí of be *ig plundere I of our pro-
r-dtv ii- t 'n sp> 11 years in =olic uns tne plnn-
de tr to pert-e u ion some mod  m which the lega-
lity of his conduct mav ha tried7 I trust not I'
u ill n<n be in accor ljn<*e i^th that so nt which has
hitherto di-t nguished the American character. It
« ould argue a weakness; nd ppsiilummity disgrace-
ful to us in the l?st degree, and cinrot, I am con-
fident, find advocáis upon this floor
Whit, then, shall be dene1 Shall we go to war'
I annvr no, u f-s , the «ur evn  ai 1 w&rV ng
our ! , and r<>M ns all fo'-cib'f aem,us to tak<-
our proper! 'ion is, b  «ar I nr?  ¿> to be uie
fnend of p<-T , and would notra^hh «id unneces-
sarily embroil our country m difftculues which
would Jresult m war, but, m this case, I have not
the remotest su-pici<-n that the measure proposed
could have so disastrous and unh?ppv a result
Let this step be taken, and the whole question is
settled Great Britain, « hen she sees a deterirma-
tion, on the part of the General Go\ ernment, to
have this question settled, and to ciuse Mame to
be restored to her possessions, v ill agree upon
terms at once When dehv «hall become dan-
eorous to her interests, depend upon it sbo will delay
no longer A rupture of the peaceful relations
sub-> si,ng beivofn that co ntn and th s -would be
one of the la«t ihmgs thit Gieit Er 'am cou'd ™>.
eard as des iap' Nil w i -1 e permit * when i'
is so easilv avoided
The President, in his last annual fpssage, hold-
the following language upon this subject
"Of pending question* the most imponam js tha' whirr
exists wrh the Governtrent of Great Britain in respect to ojr
northeas'em boundary It is wiih unfeigned regret that the
people of the Untied States mu-t look back upon the abortive
efforts mide by the Executive for a penod of moje iban half
a century, to determine, what no nation sh ^u'd suffer long to
remain in dispute Ihe Hue line which divides its posse-sums
fiom those o*"othei p n\ei Ti o naturt of the «ettten ents on
the borders of Ihe T i ned s¡td es, a id of the neighbor's tern
tny w ^ lor a <-(.i nn such thit thl= perhap , wa-nor indi
p n^ablp to a la third peitormance of the duu -> of tiic Federal
Gneinmem 1 line hi- Inwevei ct-a "ed thl-"ta*e of th nJ~
tod ha b on TM about a condition ol -'n'M •-, in which the true
i iterests of ho h counti "s niipera n e \ require ihat thi que«
t > i should be pu it ieM It is no o ba di=£ruli-ed that tvith
full confidence oflen expressed m the desli*1 of the British
Gn ernment to teimimtt, it, we ire ippa'-en In aa iai fiom it-
ab s man as w were it the urn  o* -i"in"ir ttetre-stv of
peace in 1793 the «ole lesult of lcn<* pe di i« nee "illation-,
and a peípt°xins arbitran in appears to be ? c i.iction on its
pir' ti t a consent onal imu r^u I be ii tin irn the mipn
alblhty 01 a*ceita n^ tin. true one T: i 'n1 o the te cih
n n eonumed I tattteatv \\ uhou1 ct inci hn^-, h « ot,
non wtichl r th ni^ht t be wed Í tl i" ' m\ predece^n
gave the sliongeat pinol ol the e?me ' i'í1 i c ui l letuiced
States to teimmate in lacioii \ ti i di pi e Í -\ i r i;osmE die
subs itiuion o! i r-tiuemiom! ¡ te ll h con-en of the Stales
mt ested in the ques ic n co ild be óblame 1 To this propo-i
tion no an wet h s a.-ye beeniecene' The attention of the
British Goternm^nf has hov,tver been urffen'lv invited to the
«ubjtut ill n rej y (_a not I - n coi fluent be much longer
delaved 1 be ^eneiai relltiois between Great Britain and the
Uiit(.d States are ol the most fnendtv cbatactef and I am we I
<«uisned of the sirreie disposition of thit Government to mam
tain 'hem upon their prsev looting This disposition has
also, I am persuaded, oecome pioi señera! w th the peopl ol
England than at my pievious period It is -carcelv nece^ary
to say to you how cordiady it is íeciproca'eJ hv 'he G ivern
ment md people of the l/mted ¡slates The conviction -Rhun
mu^t be common to a!i of the imuneus con^equenceo that re
suit from keening open this irritating question and ihe cer
mntv that its final settlement cannot be much loneei deferred
will I tru=t lea1 10 an early and salt-actorv a^u-* ment \t
your last «e««ion I laid bef ie\o i iha tecen' i-^ptmnnia on-
b twee i the two G ivernmei ts and between tin* Gon eminent
and that ol the State of Maine, in who e solicitude concerning
a subject m w i cb she has ^o deep an m erest, everv {.onion of
the Union participates "
In this, the President manifests that ft iendsh,p for
Maine, regard for her interests, ani mil i bat ñ'm
purpose to maintain them, i\hieh has e\er charac-
terized his course upon this subject, in tne several
capacities m which he has been called to act The
London Times, of December 27th, understands the
message as we do. In regard to that part ot it
touching this subject, it holds the following lan-
guage : " Prom ihe tone and spirit of so much of
the message now alluded to as is connected with
this New Biunswick controversy, it appears natural
to predict that it will not be suffered by the present
Government of the United States to remaia aach
longer unsettled " The President says that no nation
should long suffer us boundaries to remain in dis-
pute Does Congress doubt this? or will they co-
operate with him m that action which the troth of
such a position demands? He says the true interests
of both countries imperatively require that this ques-
tion should be put at rest. Will Congress say it
should be kept open' or will they unite their efforts
with ih"se of the Exesubve to put it to restl He
sa>s he does not coincide in the opinion of the Bn-
lish Governm nt, that this boundjrj line cannot be
rjn according to ¡he treaty of 1T83, and that a
conventional me must be adopted. Will Congress
sustain him in this' oi will they tell us to negotiate
and make the best bargain we can ' I trust not.
The time has arrived when some decisive step
should be taken. Let there be union, energy, and
firmness among the different branches of the
Goieminent upon th s subject, let them manifest
th" deitrmm uon to s ibmit to noth.ig wrong, as 
■well as to a>i for no'hiog but wh?t is right, and
this long-vexed question will be terminated and
settled forth .r.th
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. MORRISS,
Of Ohio,
In Senate, March, 1S3S—Upon the bill " to impose
additional duties, as depositaries, upon certain
public officers, to appo nt Receivers General of
public monei, and to resulate the safe-keeping,
t ansrer, and dismirsement of the public moneys
cf ihe United Stat s "
Mi MORRIS addre-sel the Senate as follows:
Mr Pifsidfnt It is out a daj or two since I
rer^arhpd to the Sena e that, at the commencement
o! this debate, I had not the least mtent.on what-
ever to take any part therein I should yet adhere
to that ong.nal resolution, did not existing circum-
stances now almost compel me to a change. It is
neither the p.easure of speak ng, or the pride of
being heard, that now induces me to throw myself
upon the notice and indulgence of the Senate.
After sa much has been said, after ihe most eloquent
tongues and strongest minds seem to be wearied
and exhausted on the subject, it would be arrogance
in me to suppose that I can add either ¡oice to the
argument, or cast any additional light on this long-
contested question. I shall not attempt to enter the
■wide field oi debate, which gentlemen have spread
before us I shall onfrne mjself to the mere ex-
pie-.- on of op nion on thecreat pnnciplesm\ohed
m t!ie bill, and in the arguments which have been
urged bo'b in iavor and against it, and such rea-
sons and aiíu nents as ha\ e been suggested to my
m>rd in «uppoit ot such opinions. I took my seat,
Mr President in this body, tuffi senttmems formed,
and often expressed, as to the natare and powers of
this Government, and h w fax it was connected
with, or ought to influence, ihe Governments of the
States. All the arguments that have been used on
th s important and delicate subject, (the subject of
currencv,) have more or less nnolved these im-
portant ¡opics I have, sir, listened vvth some at-
tention, and examined with some care, the argu-
ments used, and the positions assumed, by gentle-
men on both s des of the House, and I have done
so, I hope, wnh au impartial mind, as I know I
haie foi the purpose of correcting my course,
shouí 1 I discover that I have been in error. But,
sir, I am compelled to say that 1 ha\ e not been able
ta di-cover any substantial or ab.dmg reason to
shake the principles upon u hich I have heretofore
relied, or that would justity a change in the course
1 have steadi'y and firmlv pursued Sir, to my
mind, -aere has been more of description than of
fací, more of tancy than o, reason, id all that has
been said Truth has been covered over by fic-
tion, and reason has been lost m imaematio ; and
though we nave had peal upon peal of br ght and
thrilling eloquence, yet let it be remembered that
fiction, imagination and fancy, are the fields m
which eloquence delights to roam, and m the exer-
cise oi its power there, it can most Casemate, con-
trol, disturb, and agitate the public mind.   Sir, we
