210_____________       APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QOLBjE.___________Mm mm,
25rn Cong-" 2nd Sess.                         Making public offit ers depoúlarieb—Mr. Benton.                                                        Senate.
double the amount of the last year of Mr. Adams's
time.
Mr. B referred to the exports, and imports
of specie, to show the further superiority of the yeai
of rum over the finest year of Mr. Adams's admin-
stration, or even the whole of it put together. His
averment w as, that the gam on the import of specie,
over the expoits, was, for the year 1837, four md-
hans and a quarter ot dollars, while, for the whole
fom years of Mr Adams's administration, the gam
was but one million On these points he exhibited
these tables
Imports            Expoi Is
1825     -   §6,150,130   #8,797,955
1826     -    6,880,960   4,704,r,53
1827     -    8,152,130   8,014,880
1828          -           7,489,741         8,243,476
Making a total of about 30 millions and a half of
imports, and about 29 millions and a half of ex-
ports. The sams test for the year of mm, exhibi-
ted §10,964,432 lor the imports, and §6,714,000 for
the exports.
Pursuing the tests of the comparative prosperity
of the two periods, Mr. B came to the sales of the
public lands, which stood thus-
1825             -           -          §1,205,008
1826             -           -             1,128,617
1827              -           -             1,318,10-)
1838 - -             1,221,357
1837             -           -             7,004,538
Here again the yeai of rum appears, said Mr
B. in vict inous contrast with the whole periodo!
Mr. Adams's administration The sales of the
single year are equal to six years of such sales as
occurred from 1825 to 1828 The sales in Indiana
alone, during this year of ruin, exceeded the sales
of the best year m Mr Adams's time, for they
amount to §1,565,390. The same may nearly he
said of Illinois, where the sales for 1837 amount
to $1,266,775 The whole of these sales were for
haid money; for the Treasury order was m lull
operation during the whole year The entire sum
of seven millions was received in specie, and the
one half of it after the banks had suspended pay-
ment. This fact was the fullest vindication of
that order. It showed the error of all the cacula-
tionu which were made upon the effect of that
order It showed that the farmers had no diffi-
culty in getting hard money 10 buy lands The
quantity sold in 1837 was bought by farmers, and
not by speculators The Tieasury order expelled
ths speculators, with their bales of borrowed bank
notes, fiom the fk'd It operated as a pre-emption
law in favor of cultivators It is now operating
as a pre-emption law in their favor, and, as such,
ought to be sustained and supported by all the
friends of the settlers The respectable Legisla-
ture oí Indiana had passed resolutions against this
order, but the resolutions were founded in mis-
take, as the land sales of the year and of their
own State will fully prove All that are in favor
of settlers against speculators should be in favoi
of that order; for haid money payroent is the only
thing which can put the farmer above the competi-
tion of the bank facility purchasers
Mr B then exhibited the detailed statement of
the sales of the public lands for 1837, to show
that, under the operation of the Treasury ord¿r,
and m the jeai of iuin, the prosperity of the farm-
ing interest, a  indicated by their ability to pur-
chase, ?nd to pay for, public lands, was in the
ratio of ax to one over that of Mr Adams's time.
¡Statement thomng the ¿mount of the sales of the
public lands during ths year 1837
ftutet imlTeinione"                       Purchase inuney
Ohio            -           -          -      ^591.283
Indiana       -           -          -     1,565,390
Illinois        -           -          -     1,266,778
Mi-soun      -           -           -       828,452
Alabama     -           -           -       475,918
Mississippi  -           -           -       330,660
Louisiana   •                               283.696
Michigan    -           -           -       969,106
Arkansas    -           -           -       353 920
Wisconsin Territory           -       223,479
florida Territory     -           -        125,852
Total        .          - $7,004,538
The rum of the cuirency was the next topic
which Mr B took up    No money was the cry
Commerce, labor, mdustiy of every kind, stagnant,
languishing, paralyzed for want of money to put
the wheels of business in motion1   Such is the la-
mentation which fills this chamber, and is re-echoed
everywhere    But is it Hue?    Is it tiue that  the
country   is   destitute   of money,   or   only    lhat
banka and capitalists have laclad it up, and laid
it  away, to create fktihous scarcity, arid theieby
aid politicians in promoting discontent and m ac-
complishing a political  revolution?    This is the
question, and let authentic facts answer it.    What
is the actual arhount of cuirency, papci as well as
specie, now in existence in oin counti y1   The most
íecent, and authentic, estimates  will   place   the
amount at about one bundled and seventy millions
of dollars, namely, eighty millions of specie, and
ninety-five millions of bank notes    Ths sppeie
was computed at that amount a year ago, and has
been moeased near fue millions during the year
1837—the year of nun, and is now daily ineu -us-
ing, the bank notes now m nciual oiirulatiou aie
computed at mnely-fhe millions by the gentleman
in the Trea^ui, Depailmenl, chaiged with collect-
ing the íeturns and expositions of the banks, and
who has made out this statement at my specnl
request, to be used upon tins occasion     Piecise
accmacy he Knows to be unattainable, but a close
approximation 11 the true amount is easily accom-
plished whne  publicity of Innk leports are so
general a-- thej now  an     The quantum of one
hundred and seventy mil lions may then be assumed
as the amount of the cuirency now in existence in
the United SlVos     How will this amount compdie
with periods proclaimed to have been piospeious,
and held up foi om unceismg admiration and gra-
titude?   There aie two of those peuods, each mark-
ing thf  termination of a National Bank clurtir,
and each preventing us with ihe actual results oí
the operations of those institutions upon ihegenei il
cunency, and each replete with lessons of instruction
applicable to the piescnt dav, and to thepiesuit
state of things.    The first of these periods is the
year 1811, when the  fust National Bank had ran
its career of twenty j ears, and wa* permitted by
Congress  to expue upon its own limitation     I
take for my guide the estimate of Mr Lloyd, then a
Senator in Congress from the State of  Massachu-
setts, whose dignity of character and amenity of
manners is so pleasingly remembeied by those who
served with him here, and whose intelligence and
accuracy entitle his statements  to the highest de-
gree of credit    That eminent Senator estimattd
the total cuirency of the country, at the expiration
of the charter of the first National Bank, at sixty
millions of dolíais, to wit ten millions specie, and
fifty millions in bank notes   Now compare the two
quantities, and mark the results    Our population
has precisely douhled itself since 1811     The in-
crease of our currency should, thcrelore, upon the
same  principle of increase, be the double of what
it then was, yet it is three times m great as it thin
was1    The next period ninth challenges our atten-
tion is the vpto session of 1832, w >en  the second
Bank of the United States, acci rding to the opinion
of its eulogists, had carried the curie c) to Ihe ulti-
mate point of perfection.    What was the amount
then?   According to the estimate of a Senator from
Massachusetts, then  and now  a membei  of this
body, [Mr Wíbstlp,] then a member of the Fi-
nance committee, and with everj access to the best
information, the whole amount of currency was
then estimated at  about   100 millions,  to wit   20
millions in specie, and 7r> to 80 millions m  bank
notes.    The increase of our population since that
üm<" is estimated at 2®  per cent, so tha  the in-
crease of our currenc\, upon the basis of increased
population,  should  also  be  20 per cent      This
would give  an increase of 20 millions of dollars,
making in the  whole,  120 millions    Thus, our
currency  in  actual existente   is nearly one-thud
moro than either the ritio of 1811 or of 1832 wou'd
give     Thus, we have actuilly about 50 millions
more,  in this season of rum and destitution, than
we should have, if supplied only in the ratio of
what  -ve. possessed at the two periods of what is
celebrated as the best condition of the currency,
and most prosperous condition of the country.   So
much lor quantity, now for the solidity of the car-.
reucy at these tespective periods. How stands the
question of solidity? Sir, it stands thus: In 1811,
live paper dollar  to one of silver; in 1832, four to
one, in 1838, one to one, as near as can be! Thus,
the comparative solidity of the currency is infinitely
picfeiable to what it ever was before, for tha in-
crease, under tne sagacious policy of General Jack-
son, has taken place pieeisely where it was needed__
at 'he bottom, and not at the top, at the foundation,
and not in the roof, at the base, and not at the
apex. Our pap t currency has increased but little;
we may say nothing, upon the bases of 1811 and
lf!2, om specie, has increased immeasurably; no
less than eigut fold, since 1811, and four fold since
1832 The whole mercase is specie, and of that
we have 70 millions more than in 1811, and 60
millions more than in 1832 Such are the fruits of
Geneial Jackson's policy1 a policy which we only
have to peiseveie in for a few year", to have our
country as amply supplied with gold and silver as
France and Holland are, that France and Holland
in which gold is bori owed at 3 per cent per annum,
while we ollen boirow papei money at 3 percent.
a month
But theie is no specie Not a nine-pence to be
got fot i «eivant, not i picayune for a beggar, not
a ten cent piece fot the post oilice. Such is the as-
sertion, but how fai i? it tiue? Go to the banks,
and present their notes at their counter, and it is all
too true. No gold, no silver, no copper to be had
theie in redemption of their solemn promises to pay.
Metaphorically, if not literally speaking, a demand
lot specie at the counter of a bank might bring to
the unfortunate applicant more kicks than coppers.
But (Hinge the direction of Ihe dpmand, go to the
biokers, present the bank note there, no sooner said
than done, gold and salver springs forth in any
quantity, the noks aie cashed, you are thanked for
\ our ( ustoin, mi ited to return again, and thus, the
ooun'crol the broker, and not the counter of the
b ml , '">/>< ornes ihe phce foi the redemption of tha
notes o( ihe bank The only part of the transaction
that ii minis Id be told, is the per centum which is
shave d oil ' An I, whoever will submit to that shav-
in ;, can have all the bank notes cashed which he
can cany to them Yes, Mr President, the bro-
kers, and not the bankers, now redeem the bank
notes. There is no dearth of specie for that pur-
pose They hive enough to cash all the notes of
th< banks, and all the Treasury notes of tbe Go-
vernment into the bargain Look at their placards'
not a village, not a city, not a town in the Union,
in which the sign-boauis do not salute the eye of
the pwenger, inviting him to come in and exchange
his bank notes, and Treasury notes, for gold and
sil vei And why cannot the banks redeem, as well
as the broker /! Why can they not redeem their
own notes? Because a veto has issued from the
city of Philadelphia, and because a political revolu-
tion is to be efleeted by injuring the country, and
then chaining the injury upon the folly and wick-
edness of the Republican 4dminisliations This is
ihe reason, ind thr sole íeason The Bank of the
United Stales, its affiliated institutions, and its po-
litical eon'e lerates, are the sole obstacles to the re-
sinnpt i ip of specie payments They alone prevent
the íesumption It is they who are now m terror
lest the resumption shall begin, and to prevent it,
we hear the real shout, and feel the real application
of the rallying cry, so pathetically uttered on this
floor by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr Web-
srr R,]—once mote to the hiea'-h, dear fi lends, once
more'
Yes, Mr President, tne cause of the non-resump-
tion of specie pa\ ments is now plain and undenia-
ble It is as plain as the *um at high noon, in a
cleai sk> No t lorpimr ns can differ about it, how
nuch toiiguts may Ufltr Tne cause of noi re-
uming is 1 nown, aid the cause of suspension will
s xm be known likewise Oientlemeii ot the Op-
position chaigi? the suspension upon the folly, the
wickedness, the insanity, the mr-iule, and misgo-
vernment of ths outlandish Administration, as they
classically call it, expressions which apply to the
people who created the Administration which have
been so much vilhfied, and who have sanctioned
their policy by repeated elections. The Opposition
charge the suspension to them—to their poJicy-^Ki
