Mar. 1838.                    APPENBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.          ,                   M%
25th Cong.'«-2nd Sess.                        Making public officers deposilaries—Mr. Benton.                                                    Senate.
——-——————---------------------------                           "f ■
their acts—to the veto of 1832—the removal of the
deposites of 1833—the Treasury order of 1836—and
the demand for specie for the Federal Treasury.
Thii is the charge of the politicians, and of all who
follow the lead, and obey the impulsion of the de-
nationalized Bank of the United States. But what
say others whose voice should be potential, and
even omnipotent, on this question? What say the
New York city banks, where the suspension be-
gan, and whose example was alleged for the sole
cause of suspension by all the rest? What say
these banks, whose position is at the fountain
head of knowledge, and whose answer for them-
selves is an answer for all What say they?
Listen, and you shall hear' for I hold in my hand
a report of a committee of these banks, made under
an official injunction, by their highest officers, and
deliberately approved by all the city institutions.
It is signed by Messrs. Albert Gallatm, George
Newbold, C. C. Lawrence, C. Heyer, J J Palmer,
Preserved Fish, and G. A. Worth, seven gentle-
men of known and established character, and not
more than one out of the seven pobtically friendly
to the late and present Administrations of the Fe-
deral Government.   This lb their report-
"The immediate causes which thus compelled the banks of
the city of New York to suspend specie payments, on the 10th
of May last, are well known The simultaneous withdrawing
of the large public deposites, and of excessive foreign credits,
combined with the great and unexpected fall m the price of the
principal article of our exports, with an import of corn and
breaá stuffs, such as had never before occurred, and with the
con«quent inability of the country, particularly of the South
western States, to make the usual and expected remittances,
did, at one and the same time, fall principally and necessarily,
on the greatest commercial emporium of the Union After a
long and most ardous struggle, during which the banks, though
not altogether unsuccessfully, resisting the impeiative foreign
demand for the precious metals, were giadually deprived of a
great portion of their specie some unfortunate incidents of a
local nature, operating in concert with other previous exciting
causes, produced distrust and panic, and finally one of those
general runs, which, if continued, no banks that issue paper
money payable on demand can ever resist, and which soon
put it out of the power of those of this city to sustain specie
payments The example was followed by the bank* throughout
the whole country, with as much rapidity as the news of the
suspension m New York reached them, without waiting for an
actual run, and principally, if not exclusively, on the alleged
grounds of the effects to be apprehended from that suspension
Thus, whilst the New York city banks were almost drained of
their specie, those in other places preserved the amount which
they held before the final catastrophe "
Resuming his remarks, Mr. B repeated, this is
what they say' These are the reasons assigned by
those bankers for the stoppage1 and what are they?
They are, 1. The simultaneous withdrawing of the
deposites; 2. Excessive importations of foreign
goods on credit, 3. Fall in the pnce of cotton, 4.
Importation of wheat and flour, 5 Some unfortu-
nate incidents of a local nature, of which the death,
by supposed suicide, of one of the bank presidents,
may be considered as the principal. These are the
reasons! and what becomes now of the Philadelphia
cry, re-eehoed by politicians, and subaltern banks,
against the ruinous measures of the Administration''
Not a measure of the Administration mentioned'
not one alluded to' Not a word about the Trea-
sury order, not a word about the veto of the Na-
tional Bank charter, not a word about the removal
of the deposites írom the Bank of the United States,
not a word about the specie policy of the Adminis-
tration' Not one word about any act of the Go-
vernment, except that distribution act, disguised as
a deposite law, which was a measure of Congress,
and not of the Administration, and the work of the
opponents and not the friends of the Administra-
tion, and which encountered its only opposition m
the ranks of those friends I opposed it, with some
half dozen others, and among my grounds of oppo-
sition one was, that it Would endanger the deposite
banks, especially the New York city deposite banks,
that it would reduce them to the alternative of
choosing between breaking their customers, and
being broken themselves. This was the origin of
that act—the work of the Opposition on this floor,
and now we find that very act to be the cause
which is put at the head of all the causes which led
to the suspension of specie payments Thus, the
Administration is absolved Truth has performed
its office A false accusation is rebuked and si-
lenced Censure falls where it is due; end the
authors of the mischief stand exposed m the double
operation of having done the mischief, and then
charged it upon the heads of the innocent.
Put, gentlemen of the Opposition say, there can
be no resumption until Congress "acts upontlie cur-
rency " Until Congress acts upon the currency'
that is the phrase' and it comeo from Philadelphia,
and the translation of it is, that there shall be no
resumption until Congress submits to Mr Biddle's
bank, and recharters that institution. This is the
language from Philadelphia, and the meaning of
the language, but, happily, a different voice issues
from the city of New York' The authentic noti-
fication is issued from the banks of that city, pledg-
ing themselves to resume by the 10th day of May
They declare their ability to resume,[and to continue
specie payments, and declare they have nothing to
fear, except from "deliberate hostility"—an hostility
for which they allege there can be no mou ve—but of
which they delicately intimate there is danger Pmla-
delphia is distinctly unveiled as the seat ot this
danger. The resuming bank  fear hostility—DE
LIBERATE ACTS OF HOSTILITY—from that
quarter. They fear nothing from tne hostility, or
folly, or wickedness of this Administration They
fear nothing from the Sub-Treasury bill They
fear Mr Biddle's bank, and nothing else but his
bank, with its confederates and subalterns Thej
mean to resume, and Mr Biddle mears that lhey
shall not. Henceforth two flags will be seen,
hoisted from two great cities The New York
flag will have the word RESUMPTION inscribed
upon it; the Philadelphia flag will bear the inscrip-
tion of NON-RESUMPTION, and DESTRUC-
TION TO ALL RESUMING BANKS. Under
the one, or the other, of these two flags, all other
banks, all citizens, and each political party, will
be found arranged. The whole country will di-
vide between them, and no neutrals will be seen
In that great division, I assume to assign no one to
a place. I leave it to each to find, and to take his
own position Of political parties, so far as chi^s
are concerned, we can all >ee that their places are
already taken The Federal gentlemen are under
the flag of NON-RESUMPTION, the Republicans
are under the flag of RESUMPTION M> best
wishes attend this latter flag, and, it need be, I
shall be ready to give it a lift, and even to strain
a point to help it on to victory.
I have carefully observed the conduct of the
leading banks in the United States The New
York baDks, and the principal deposite banks, had
a cause for stopping which no otners can plead, or
did plead. I announced that cause, not once, but
many times, on this floor, not only during the pas-
sage of the distribution law, but during the discus-
sion of those famous land bills, which passed this
chamber, and one o£ which ordered a peremptory
distribution of sixty-four millions, by not only
taking what was in the Treasury, but by reaching
back, and taking all the proceeds of the land sate for
years preceding. I then declared in my plac , and
that repeatedly, that the banks, having lent this
money under our instigation, it called upon to re-
imburse it in this manner, must be reduced to
the alternative of breaking their customers, or of
feeing broken themselves When the New York
banks stopped, I made great allowances for them,
but I could not justify others for the rapidity with
which they followed their example, and still less can
I justify them for their taidiness in follotting the
example of the same banks in resuming Now
that the New York banks have come forward to
redeem their obligations, and have shown that sen-
sibility to their own honor, and that regard foi the
punctual performance of their promises, w hich once
formed the pride and glory of the merchant's and
the banker's character, I feel the deepest anxiety
for their success m the great contest which is to
ensue Their enemy is a cunning and a pov erf nl
one, and as wicked and unscrupulous as it i-, cun-
ning and strong. Twelve years ago, the presi lent
of th\t bank which now forbids other banks to
resume, declared in an official communication to
the Finance Committee of this bod), "that there
■were but few State bankswhich the Bank of the United
States eould not DESTROY by an exe-ition of its
PO WER " Since that time it has become more
powerful, and, besides its political strength, and its
allied institutions, and its exhaustless mine of re-
surrection notes, it is computed bj its friends to
wield a power of one hundred and ii<ty miliums ot
dollars! all at the beck and nod of one single man
for his automaton directors are not even thought of.
The wielding of this immense power, and its fatal
direction to the destruction of the resuming banks,
presents the prospect of a fearful conflict ahead.
Many of the local banks will doubtless perish in
it, many individuals will be ruined; much mischief
will be done to the commerce and to the business
of different places, and all the destruction that is
accomplished will be charged upon some act of the
Administration—no matter what—for whatever is
given out fiom the Philadelphia head is inconti-
nently repeated by all the obsequious followers,
until the signal is given to open upon some new cry.
The rum of the exchanges, both foreign and do-
mestic, was the next topic of lamentation which
Mr B examined He said that the short interval
which had elapsed since the extra session had put
an end to one branch of this lamentation—the
branch of the foreign exchanges. At that session
nothing but the recharter of the National Bank
could turn the foreign exchanges m our favor,
which, m May, were 22 against us. Gentleme 
were just as positive of that, ai the extra session, as
they now are of the present total perdition of the
country, yet in Ihree brief months, and left to the
operations of commerce, foreign exchange has re-
gulated itself and is now at 4 or 5 per cent nomi-
nal, giving a real difference in our favor of 5 or 6
per cent If the Congress had yielded to the clamor
got up for the recharter of the National Bank at
the extra session, with what exultation would not
this chamber, and the whole Union, have rang'
We should never have heard the last of it. As it
is, the word foreign exchange is not even mention-
ed That branch of the lamentation has ceased.
It is the domestic exchanges which now engross all
concern. The revival of the great regulator is in-
dispensable to their restoration. To hear these
gentlemen, it would be supposed that domestic
exchanges were never deranged before, that during
the existence of the National Bank, all moneyed
exchanges were level, and equal, and equable
throughout the Union A'as' that human memory
is so short and treaeberous I have m my hand,
sir, a comparative statement of domestic exchanges,
in the bank note department, for the glorious year
of 1826, when the Federal Administration was in
the middle of its reign—when the Federal Bank
was in its meridian splendor—when the Senator
from Kentucky, who now mourns the rum of all
things [Mr Clat] was m the Department of State
—and when all the present orators of wo, or woful
oraton,, as the case may be, rejoiced in the pleni-
tude of power which their party then possessed, and
celebrated the felicity of man on earth. This com-
parative table is made up from the prices current
of Philadelphia—from the very seat and citadel
of the great regulator itself—and what does it
say'    Listen to it, and it will tell you.
Mame, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachu-
setts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, from 2 to
2i per cent discount in December, 1826 , from 14
to 2 in February, 1838. New York city, par then,
and par now    Country banks of New York, li to
2 per cent discount then ; par now Baltimore, *
then , | now Western Virginia, 4 to 5 discount
then , 2i to 3 now North Carolina, 2i to 5 then ;
24 to 3 now    South Carolina, 1* to 2 then; 2* to
3  now Georgia, 2£ to 3 then, 3i to 4 now Ala-
bama, 10 to IS then, 9 to 9* now. Louisiana, 5
to 6 then , 4 now Mississippi, 10 to 16 then, 15
now Tennessee, 10 to 20 then, 12 to 124 now.
Ohio, from 4 to 6 then; 3é to 4 now. Kentucky—
(and at the name of Kentucky, Mr B raised his
voice, and repeated the name with great emphasis)
—Kentuckj, from 45 to 55, and from 55 to 35 per
cent discount then, from 3i to 4 discount now'
Let no gentleman suppose there is any mistake of
figures m this reference to Kentucky. There is
more than one person present who was then in
Kentucky, and knows that 50 per cent, was the
common difference of exchange against her cur-
rency I myself travelled m Kentucky m that pe-
riod, and know the fact, and often saw the bills of
travellers and others made out double—ao much in.
specie, and so much m Kentucky paper—and the
latter precisely the double of the former. Such is
the result of the comparison between the year 185G
and the year 1838, in almost eijery sabanee As«*<
