2U
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
Mar. 1838.
25th Cong-'"2nd Sess.
Making public officers dcpcsitariei—Mr, Benton.
Senate.
Mr. B. then read a passage from a speech of
Mr. CL*y delivered m Kentucky, after his return
from Congress in 1816, and explaining the reasons
for his change of opinion in relation to a National
Bank.   The passage was m these words:
" if political power be Incidental to banking corporations,
there oaght, perhaps, to be, in the General Government, some
couutetpoise to that which is exerted by the Stales Such a
counterpoise might not, indeed, be so necessary, tl the Stalls e\er
cised the power to incorporate banks equally, or in ¡ roportion
to their respective populations But that is not the cose A
smglc State has a banking capital equivalent, or neai ly so to the
one fifth of the whole banking capital of the United States
Four States combined hare the major part oi the capital of the
United States In the event of any convulsion in v.hii li the ths
tribution of banking institutions mi¿ht be unpwtant, it maybe
urged that the mischief would not be alleviated by the cieation
of a National Bank, since its location must be in oik ol the
States But in this respect, the location of the bank is exti erne
ly favorable, being In one of the Middle States, not likely (rom
its position, as well a* He loyalty, to concur m any scheme foi
subverting the Government, and a sufficient security against
such contingency is to be found in the distribution ot branches
in different States, acting and reacting upon the p irent mstitu
won and upon each other J1
Mr. B. then read a paragraph from a speech of
Mr. Webster, delivered in the House oí Repre-
sentatives, April 4, 1836, in opposition to the char-
ter of the second Bank of the United States
"Mr Webster said this Has a subject on which a «r< it
change oí opinion had taken phce on both sidas ol tin
House, and animadverted on whit he cilltd a louipionn^e
of principle on a {¡real moneyed institution, an I the ik
sertion, not onlv ot principles, but of tutnds whiih
had characterized the pioceedin^s on tin bill lit tlun
spoke some tltne agimst the bill, which be pomtidly condemn
ed, on account of the participation ol tin Government m lb
direction and management li, said he, insttad of the little
scraps of amen Jments, which were very wJl as lai as they
went, but very trifling, and only si rved to covei die \ ice and
deformity of the scheme, the Senate had returned tin bill
healthy, m all the beauty ol the original institution, it would
have passed through the House bwiftei than the cm tent ot die
Potomac    *   *          *    *   That eontiol anil inllut ncco\er,l
great banking institution should not be posseted b> the (Jo
vernment The degi ee ol that intluenci was not mitei lal, the
pimcipte lemaining the same, he the influent e more oi li «s c\
tensive.....Could it be doubted that, with this
capital, and this power over it, the Government could bring any
man into terms, and make the banks act as they pleased! '
Such are the grounds on which the establishment
of the second Bank of the United States was con-
tested in 1816. The Republicans advocated it, be-
cause they saw no other way to get out oí the
slough of irredeemable paper monej., the Federal-
ists opposed it, because they leared the batik
would be an engine of power and influence m the
hands of the Republican Aininistration A few
years' experience dispelled this fear At the ilrst
reorganization ot parties, the bank developed as a
political power on the Federal side. This was at
the Presidential election, n the House ofliepie-
sen tattves, m Fedruary, 1825 The bank then
took the field, on the side opposed to the can-
didate who had the plurality of the people's voles
in his favor. It has kept the field ever since, and
if it is now unable to resume specie payments, it
must be principally on account of expenses and
losses incurred in thirteen years' warfare against
the people of the United States, against their form
of Government, and against th<e persons ubom
they have elected to carry on the Government The
bank is now the head, and the support ^of the
Federal party, all the Federalists who opposed its
creation, have gone over to it It is their leader,
and their pointe iVappui. Any catastrophe to it,
would be destruction to them, and would annihilate
them as a national party. Away then with vam
denials, of which nobody is the dupe. The bank
is a political machine—a Federal political machine,
attd no denial of the fact can alter or conceal its
truth. The leopard had as well deny the spots on
his body—the Ethiopian had as well deny the color
of his skin, as for this bank to denv its política
character, its anti-Republican nature, and its thir-
teen years' warfare upon the people and their form
of Government.
War upon the local banks is ihe next accusation
upon General Jackson and his successor After
putting down the Bank of the United States, he
■went to work to destroy the State banks So say
the Opposition speakers, [Messrs Tallmadge and
Clay.] Now let us examine into the truth of this
accusation. What was the conduct of General
Jackson to the local banks'! In 1833 he removed
the public deposites to these banks, and gave them
the benefit of the immense accumulation ; of pub-
lic money which then took place. At the same time,
fee jeieased their notes from that state of exclusion
from the Federal Treasury to which they had been
subjected during the whole time of the Bank of the
United States. For the first time, in near twenty
yeais, their notes were received and paid out in the
receipts and disbursements of the Federal revenue.
At the panic setsion, when the whole Opposition
exerted themselves lor so many months to excite a
nin upon the local banks, and to blow them up,
who defended them, here and elsewhere, but Gene-
ral Jackson and his friends! Who defended the
Saiety Fund banks lion  the dead set which was
then made at them? General Jackson and his
ft lends1 Who íejoiced in the explosions of the
District banks, and the Maryland Bank, and
announced the joyful tidmgs on this floor? The
Opposition' And who grieved over these failures?
General Jacsson and his friends' And when the
tune came for htm to deliver his last annual mes-
sage, what was his language in relation to these
hanks? Was it that ot vengeance, or was it the
language oi kindness, ol confidence, and of support?
Listen to it
' I \| mente continuos t > realize the expectations entertained
as to the tap icn> ot tlu Nate banks to perioral the duties of
Used ik, nis to die C. iiernimnt At the tin e of the removal of
the dipo-.Hi* u WW alliged by the advocates of the Bank of
tin tUiited Mans that the Mate banks, whati \er might be the
ngulitnm* it tin In isury llepartmtnt, could not make the
ti tu-.fi is Kqumd by the Government, or negotiate the domes
tie i \elnntics ol tin i ( umry It is now wi II ascertained that
tlu u it eh mesne e^ehangts, pi rformed through discount* by
the linttid sutii Hmk and ite twenty five branches, woie at
!e ist one third less than those of the deposite bank* for an equai
peiiod of linn mil il a comparison bo insulated between the
aniountiof sen let itmkrtdbj (hese institutions on the broader
tnsiswhiclili is been used by the advocates of the United States
Kink in estimating whit they consider tho domestic exchanges,
the u suit will be still more favorable to the deposite banks '
' "It is believed that the law of the last
stolon te^ulitioi; tlie deposite banks, opoiatea onerously nnd
uninslly upon tin in m miny rc.purtB, and it is hoped that
( on rt a on prop<r rt prest ntalions, will adopt the niodlliui
lions winch are netu.sary to prevent this consequence "
This was the language of the last Message, and
this is called war upon those banks Certainly war
should be made ol sterner slufl' But, Mr. Van
Binen1 he cairies on war against them also' so say
the same Opposition Senators. But, here again the
chaige is met bv pioof which annihilates it. Mr.
Van Buien has spoken for himself on this point,
and his wholet undurtcorresponds with his declared
sentiments.. In hts lettei to Mr Sherrod Williams,
he saj s
"Mlhm hllnvc ilways been opposed to the increase of
bniks, ' \\ mid, nevertheless, pirnnu towards the existing in
11 ml ions a pist nid lihcial course, protecting them in the right
ltd cn| yimnt of (ho privileges whit h btiv, been granted to
tlu in mil ext< rutin loilnm ¡lie coml will ol the tommumty,
so lonjas tin y diHchirgt, wnh fidelity, the dt licate and nn
poll ii t publit ti osfs wall which they have been mvestod
' But ill e\j enenrt h iviug shown that theie is no delegated
powu muieli-iblt to abust than that winch consists inch trtereti
ptivilettts ol tins description, I wouldbt astute in w itching
(lit coiuse f die buikc, md viizilant and piompt in arresting
the slightest fpn mon on lio ir part to follow a bad example,
by f-t iking to b( come tin masters, when tin y weio designed to
lie the st rv lot*   il tin peoplt   '
Such has been the language and the conduct of
Gen Jackson, and Mr Van Burtm, towards these
banks,, a conduct and a language utterly disprov-
ing the imputation of making war upon them. But
this i* not all other proofs of forbearance, of mdul-
gt nee, and of benefits extend«d to them, remain to
be stated When the deposite banks stopped pay-
ment last spring, the Government continued to re-
ceive their notes, at par, m payment of balances
due, although these notes were 5, 10, 15, and in
somp instances 18 pel cent below par. This was
a gain to tl.tm of that much, and an equal loss to
the Government creditors, to whom they were paid
out, and an immense injury to the character and
popularity of the Administration itself. Again,
when Congress met at the extra session, extended
time v, as given to all these institutions to pay up
thcr balances—a time which has not yet expired,
and which has enabled them to give time and
indulgence to their own debtors Far from
injuring them, the Republican Administrations
have confided in them to their own cost, and
to the great injury of their own popularity.
They had the confidence of Government when the
public money was put mto their hands. In placing
the public money with them, the fate of the
Administration, in a large degree, was committed
to them We wished them well, upon the same
principle lhat we wished ourselves well. Since
our wishes have been disappointed, and the Admi-
nistration and the country have been the chief
sufferers, we make no war, but grant indulgence,
exercise forbearance, and ask for peace. We
want peace—that safe and permanent peace which
results from separation of interests, and absence of
all the caus«s of collision. True, General Jackson,
and Mr. Van Buren, and all there friends, wish to
see the banking system of the United States re-
formed. They wish to see great reforms intro-
duced into the system; and, if it is not done, they
believe that great mischeifs must eventually result
to the community, and great injury to the banks
themselves. They look for a great catastrophe,
if great reforms are not effected.
A war upon the merchants is another of the
offences charged upon General Jackson; and what
is the evidence of it? The commerce of the coun-
try nearly doubled stiicehe became President; near-
ly one half of the whole amount of imports made
free of duty; the duties greatly reduced on all the
remainder; indemnities obtained from France,
Spain, Denmark, and Naples, for spoliations com-
mitted under former administrations, and which
former administrations in vain solicited, ships of
war sent into every sea for the protection of mer-
cantile interests; ministers and consuls sent to new
points, and to further pomtwthan they ever went to
before, outrages punished on the opposite side of
the globe, even among the antipodes; time given
to merchants for the payment of their bonds; de-
bentures paid to them in specie, while they with-
hold specie from the Government! Such are the
evidences of this war upon merchants, of which we
hear so much. So far from making war upon
theui, General Jackson's administration has done
more for merchants than any one, or any two ad-
ministrations, that ever preceded him. He has
been their beneficent benefactor; and this is known
to every citizen who knows the history of his coun-
try, and is acknowledged by every merchant whose
heart is American. The imputation of hostility to
merchants is an old Federal accusation against Re-
publicans. It was made against Mr. Jefferson;
and his "teriapm policy" was long the theme of
the politician, the press, the jester, and the carica-
turist.
No, Mr. President, General Jackson made ns
war either upon banks or merchants, not even upon
the Bank of the United States, for he never attack-
ed its existing charter, and his opposition to a new
one can only be looked upon as aggressive, and as
amounting to war, by those who consider the bank
above the Government, and entitled, like a royal
progeny, to a perpetuity of existence. That great
man made no war upon any institution; or upon
any interest, but, sir, we have seen some wars
made—there aie some still making—and I will
take the liberty to enumerate a few of them.
First, there was the war against the local banks
generally, during the whole panic session, m which
no term of reproach was too odious to be lavished
upon them, and no statements to discredit
them, no assertion to destroy confidence m them,
no attempts to excite runs upon them, and to
blow them up, were too shameless or too unscru-
pulous to find authors, abetters, and aiders, m the
ranks of their present most officious friends.
Next was the war upon the safety fund system,
and the safety fund banks, of the State of New
York, which, for two or three sessions, raged with
such violence ©n this floor. During all that time,
nothing so corrupt as this system, nothing more
certain than its rottenness and explosion, and no-
thing so dreadful as the prospect of having it im-
posed upon the whole Union in the event of an
election of a certain citizen of the State of New
York to the Presidency of the United States. In
this war, I had the honor to extend a feeble aid to the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Tallmadob,] in his
patriotic defence of the institutions of his State
against the repeated and violent assaults of his pre-
sent coadjutor in politics from Kentucky, [Mr.
Clay.]
Then came the war, which still continues, upon
the constitutional currency of the country—a war
m which gold and silver has received all the abuie
which, in other countries, would be lavished upon
counterfeit money. First ridiculed as visionary
and impracticable; then denounced andstjgmauzed
as a barbarism; then attempted to be forced out of
