Mar. 1838.
25m Cong-"-2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U7
Making public officers dfpositaries—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
neyrd opposition, was astonishingly great. The
«charter of a National Bank ¡>unk under the veto,
sui'ained by public opinion. The act for the cor-
rection of the gold standard hit the point of correc-
tion with such perfect accuracy, that the two
coins, gold and silver, issuing from our Mint, have
precisely the same value in the money market.
Under the auspicious operation of that act, our gold
com has risen, in little more than three years, from
nothing to fifteen millions, and will probably rise
to twenty-five millions before the termination of Mr.
Van Buren's present term T^e act for repealing
the act of 1819, and for restoring foreign coins to
circulation, has sent Mexican dollar  into every
part of the Union, and has enabled other foreign
coins, both gold and silver, to make some progress
in penetrating our country Silver has increased
three fold since 1832, and silver and gold together,
four fold Our specie was twenty millions then, it
is eighty now, with the prospect of exceeding a
hundred millions before the present term ot Mr.
Van Buren is out Our currency in existence is
mors abundant and more solid than it ever was
before, but the specie part of it is suppressed by
the power and policy of the Bank of the United
States, combined with the politicians and that part
of the bank-, which follow its lead. Acts of Con-
gress had passed to operate upon small notes, and
to exclude those under twnnty dollars from reve-
nue payments altogether, and to exclude all other 
which were not convertible into gold and silver
"upon the spot," at the will of the holder, and with-
out loss or delay to him. Public opinion had been
awakened on the subje"' of small notes, and the
Republicans everv where were moving towardi the
suppression of all under twenty dollars Such
was the progress, and such the success, of our mea-
sure' m May last, when eight hundred b¡>n>,s
stopped payment at once, shut down close upon
all the specie in then vault*, denying a mnepence,
a picayune, a five cent piece, eveD, to the Govern-
ment whose thirty millions of deposi es they held,
or to the community who held a hundred and
twenty millions of their no'es' In the midst of pro-
found peace, general prosperity, under a Govern-
ment without taxes and without a public debt,
with four times, as much specie as was in it five
years before, came this crash of the banks. It
came like a clap of thunder in a clou 'les-- sky. Tu
one moment, as it were, a Government, v, . «h <tv
millions of revenue on hand, was left without a
shilling ,n one moment, a nitton ot fiiteen m 1-
lirns of souls was deprived of mnepences for the
markef or the post office As if to proclaim their
design to banish all specie from the land, a sirnal-
taneous and umveisal deluge of small notes and
shin-plaster  was poured upon the people, and the
significant cry was set up, that specia payments
could never be restored unul a National Bank was
established This cry explained the mam cause
of the general stoppage, and the sole cause of the
shm-plaster and small note issue.
All this took place in May, 1837. It was a
repetition, without the excuse of war, of the hank
etplosions of the war in 1814, it was the second
explosion of the banks since the war, and m pro-
found peace, it was expected to astound, terrify,
snbiue, distress, and coerce the country into a
.submission to the re-establishment of the National
Bank1 a result that would have been inevitable
h d it not been for the eighty millions of gold and
s ver which Jackson's administration brought into
the country, and which has so well kept up the
\ i!ue of oank notes that those which are m good
credit are now no more than one or two per cent
below par This third explosion m twenty-five
years—this second explosion in time of peace—this
loss of national revenues, as if by enchantment—
this disappearance of specie, as if touched by a
magic wand—roused and electrified the continent.
Tne public mind came at a bound to the conviction
that the Federal Government ought to be discon-
nected from the banks, and from their paper cur-
rency. The conviction was general, almost unani-
mous, among the Republicans; a few only among
them were for trying the looal banks and their
paper once more, as if three failures in twenty-five
years were not sufficient; as if another failure was
not inevitable, and as if another failure mutt not
end in the restoration of a National Bank, with the
restoration ot the political party, with all their
principles and measures, who go with that bank.
The Federal party, of course, with some honorable
exceptions, oppose the disconnection. They oppese
whatever the Republicans propose, no matter what.
They were oppoted to the junction of the Govern-
ment with the State banks three years ago, when
those banks were doing well, they are for com-
pelling the Government to stick to them now that
they have done ill. This is the state of parties
the Republicans almost universally for the divorce
of Bank and Slate; the Federalists, almost uni-
versally, for the conjunction of Bank and State.
In this division and subdivision, I find myself with
the mass of ay own party, and with the Adminis-
tration itself. I find them now where I was many
years ago I believe them to be right, and shall
stand by them, and abide their fate. If they sink
in this contest with the banks and the Federalists, I
shall go down with them.
I stand upon the two principles of the bill—-1.
The United States to use the money of the Consti-
tutioa in the receipts and disbursements of the Fe-
deral Treasury, 2. Ths Umied States to receive
their own money, to keep their own money, and
pay out their own money. I stand upon these
two principles; I cannot surrender them, though I
could consent to take them one at a time. The
details of the bill are open to compromise. There
I am ready to give and to take—to surrender and
concede—to do every thing, consistent with the pre-
servation of the principles, to conciliate the support,
or to purchase the forbearance of friends. In some
particulars I would prefer a change of details, I
would prefer additional branch mints in place of
the Receivers General—minis that would answer
he double purpose of keeping the money of the
Government, and coining money for the people
The principles of the bill I held to be founded m
the clearest reasons of propriety, and constitution-
ality, and sustained by the fullest voice of trial and
experience. Every Government should be, at alt
times, the master of its own propertv,—money and
every thing else. A Government should not be put
to the delays and contingencies of asking for its own,
much less of sueing for it, and above all. of having
to sue where State laws may interpose to delay, or
to 'efeat the recoverv. The revenue of a Govern-
m< n  is its daily support,—it is like tne daily sup-
port of a family,—it cannot be stopped, or withheld,
without anectmg the existence ot the Government
itself Every Government upon ear'h, our own ex-
cepted, puts its money where it can go and take it
All other Governments put their money where they
can command it where they can "¡eize it, if neces-
sary, and punish a delinquent holder We do
the same with all our proper y, except money.
Our ships and forts, our militvy and na-
val stores, our public lands, and public edifi-
ces, aie all m om own cus'odj We do not
have to beg, or brine suits at law, to recover their
possession We keep ihem, subject 'o our own
order, because the existence, and the operations, of
Government, which holds civil society together,
and prevents mankind from relapsing into anarchy
and violence, will not admit of interruptions and
delays. If this is true of properly, h*w much more
true is it of money—that daily pabulum, without
which Government cannot exist a daj' This fun-
damental axiom, true of every Government, is pre-
eminently so of ours. Our Government is com-
plex—State and Federal—and each should have
their own Independent Treasury The present
Constitution grew out ef the Independent Treasury
question Other causes helped on to the formation
of the Constitution, but a revenue of its own—a
revenue independent of the States, and of course
independent of corporations—was the exciting and
controlling cause which led to its, adoption The
whole history of the confederation, from the close
of the Revolution to the year 1789, proves this
Yet where is the Independent Treasury, where is
the Federal Treasury, if corporations are to hold
our money, may refuse to pay it when they
please, and shall be backed by their State
Legislatures when they refuse to pay? To com-
mit our money to the custody of such corporations,
is to forego the end for which the Federal Govern-
ment was formed; to commit it to such corpora-
tions again, after the experience which we have
had, and daring the experience which we now
have, is to repeat a folly for which we have been
three times punished, and to exhibit a fatuity which
announces a doom to destruction. Upon the clear-
est principles of reason, of constitutional obliga-
tion, and of experience, the Federal Government
is bound to take into its own hands the keeping of
its own money. This is one principle of the bill,
the other is the use of bard money in the receipts
and disbursements of the Federal Government.
This principle is the ally of the other. They go
together, and can hardly live separately. To re-
ceive the promissory notes of the banks, is to re-
ceive nothing but their promises to pay money.
If they break that promise, the only resource is to
take what they choose to give, that is to say, more
broken promises to pay money, or to sue them;
and, if suit is brought, State laws may interpose to
protect the bank, and to compel the Government to
take its pay in ro"re broken promises to pay. Far
better to take the promissory notes of the citizens.
They would not refuse payment, as the banks have
done, and if they did, the State Legislatures would
not interpose to shield them.
The Federal Government ought to use the money
of the Federal Constitution. Its duty to the Con-
stitution requires it to do so, its duty to the country
equally requires it. By using that money, two
great advantages would always result: 1. The
Government would always have in its coffers real
money , 2. The country would always possess art
abundant supply of the precious metals. Certainly
the Federal Government owes great duties to lfeelf
and to the country, in relation to the currency. It
should not abdicate those duties, nor delegate them.
It should not expel specie from the country by
abandoning the use of if The experience of forty
j ears «hows that a ce«„ation of demand for specie,
on the part of the Federal Government, banifches
geld and silver from the country This was the
result both under the first and second banks of the
United States On the other hand, the experience
of five year* shows that a demand for specie by
the Federal Government attracts it to the country,
that we have increased our supply from twenty
to eighty millions m five years, under that demand ,
and that a continuation of the demand will con-
tinue the increase until the country is adequately
and fully supplied. This is the way to regálate
the currency. A hundred and twenty or thirty
millions in gold and silver will regulate the banks
and the exchanges, and that amount can be at-
tained, and ought to be attained, in six or seven
years, by a continuation of General Jackson's
pohev
An adequate supply of specie for the counlry,
is one of the highest duties of the Federal Go-
vernment By the Constitution, it is made the
conservator oí specie, by abdicating its duties, it
had banished from the land that which it was
bound to preserve. The States delivered to this
Government, m 1789, an adequate currency of
gold and silver. The first revenue law ever passed
by Congress, enacted that the revenue should be
paid "in gold and silver com only " There was thsn
no complaint of scarcity. General Hamilton's
order for evading that law, did not turn upon the
ground oí scarcity ol the precious metals, but on
the plea of convenience m handling bank paper,
and upon the policy of increasing the quantity of
bank circulation There was no complaint of the
madeauacy of specie until the first Bank of th«
United States had banished it from the country, as
Mr Madison and others predicted that it would do.
Large mercantile payments always have been,
and for ever will be, made in bits of paper, repre-
s 'ntmg masses of property He is a ninny, or
believes others to be mnme*, who talks about mer-
chants spending their time m counting piles of
dollars, ons by one If masses of specie are to
be pud, it is done m bulk, m kegs, or bags', 6f by
weighing, or by a transfer of credit on the books
of a bank. Bills of exchange, receipts, or certifi-
cates, representing masses of cotton, tobacco, net,
grain, flour, beef, pork, lead, cattle, &c. make the
great payments. So far as large mercantile operation!
are concerned, specie is but an inferior part of trie
