Mar. 1838.                   APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                 219
25th Cong--"2nd Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
dition, they know the condition of others; they
have the work of resumption to perform, and they
say they can perform it. If they can, all other
banks must be able to do it likewise, or must have
imposed falsehoods upon the country when they
-stopped payment last May, for all then declared
that they did not stop from their own weakness,
but from the example of New York, and that they
would be ready to resume whenever her banks did.
This was the language of all, and of none more
publicly and positively than that of Mr. Btddle's
bank The banks, then, upon their own showing,
are all able to resume, and it is not for politicians,
who cannot be admitted to know the condition of
the banks as well as the banks do themselves, and
who have their own political objects to accomplish
by prolonging the suspension—it is not for them to
discover excuses for the future failure of the banks
in the acts of a Government, the whole of whose
acts are, m their eyes, full of folly and rum Even
if these politicians stood before the country as
sound judges, their judgment could not come in
competition with the opinion of the banks. But
they do not so stand. They do not stand as sound
judges, but as frail and fallible partisans, whose
habitual vaticination of rum from every act of the
Government—whose thousand and one mistakes
heretofore committed—whose burning desire to get
into power by destroying the credit of those m
power—must reduce them to the condition of per-
manent prophets of wo, predicting destruction, as
a matter of course, from every thing which their
adversaries do.
The establishment of a Treasury bank is the
next great objection to the bill It is declared to
be a Treasuiy bank, and then a frightful picture
of the evils of such a bank is drawn by each
speaker, and held up to terrify the people. I
thank them for this objection, it kills off four others
which this party have made against this Adminis-
tration, and on each of which they have have in-
sisted with all the vehemence with which they now
urge this one It kills off the whole charge of in-
tending to establish aNational Bank in New York,
the whole charge of intending to impose the safety
fund system upon the whole Union, the whole
charge of intending to gevern the country, by a
corrupt league of pet banks, and the whole charge
of intending to impose- an exclusively metallic cur-
lencj upon the country. The establishment of a
Treasuiy bank is inconsistent with these four
charges, and, being the last charge, it kills oif the
others In this, it does us good bervice
It shows what stuff the gentlemen's charges
are made of It kills off four of their mo^t
serious charges at a blow, and now we will
kill it off, and so finish five together. This can be
done with two words, in the first place, there is not
one feature of a Tieasury bank in the bill, in the
second place, I pledge myself to vote to eradicate
it, if gentlemen can show me a single feature
Sensible that there is nothing m the bill to justify
the objection, gentlemen fly off to suppositions, and
charge a future design to erect a Treasury bank
upon the foundation of an Independent Treasury,
and to furnish the Government with boundless
supplies of money, by the issue of exchequer bills
m the shape of Treasury notes. To these imagi-
nations of the gentlemen, I can only oppose posi-
t ve denials, and wait for time to perform its of-
fice upon this accusation as it has done upon all
that they have made for eight or nme years past
Tor one, I shall never vote for such a bank, nor for
nother issue of Treasury notes.
A. third objection is to the insecurity of the public
moneys in the hands of the Government agents
Gentlemen suppose that the moneys will be much
safer in the keeping of the banks, than in the cus-
tody of the officers appointed by the Government
to keep them. This is an objection which both
reason and experience rejects. Reason teaches us
that a number of men acting together, will do that
which each one of them, individually, would scorn
to do. Thus, a board of bank directors would do
an act which each member of the board, in his
own individual case, would spurn to do. Take
the case of the thirty millions of public deposites in
the hands of the banks m May last. They were m
the custody of boaids of directory and, as boards,
the directors acted in refusing the restitution of
these deposites to the Treasurer of the United
States, and to the disbursing officers in whose
names they stood. But suppose these thirty mil-
lions had been deposited with the members of the
same boards in their individual capacities, their
personal honor, to say nothing of their bonds and
securities, bound for the restituuon—they would
have restored the amount to the last dollar, and felt
the deepest humiliation at the slightest delinquency.
Such would have been their conduct. An indivi-
dual is a safer depositary than a board, and far bet-
ter would it be to confide the public deposites to any
one single director of a bank, than to the whole
together as a corporation A corporation has no
soul and no conscience an individual director has
both, and these, with his bonds and securities, v. ould
be the highest pledge for his fidelity. This is what
reason teaches us Now for experience. We hav 
Treasurers ot the United States, an¿ but one Trea-
surer at a time These Treasurers have passed
through their hands, counting from the foundation
of the Government, about eight hundred millions of
dollars. Has any part of these eight hundred mil-
lions been lost m their hands? No not one cent'
Again: we have Treasurers of the Mint, one at a
time These Treasurers have had the actual keep-
ing, counting, and paying out, of seventy-three mil-
lions of dollars m gold and m silver. Has one
piece of it been lost in their hands? No not one'
Under the bill before us,'the mints are to be made
depositories of the public monejs. Experience
shows them to be safe places, their peculiar occupa-
tion makes them proper places, and I wish we had
three or four more of them, and then all th« public
moneys might be deposited in them
But gentlemen, m support of their objection,
made an assertion, and started an inquiry which
has ended in the total overthrow of their position
They ventured upon a question of fact—a ques-
tion of figures and records—a question to be an-
swered by documentary evidence. It was as to the
comparative amount of past losses, whether the
Government had lost most by using banks, or by
trusting to their own fiscal agents, and in this in-
quiry gentlemen were bold in their affirmation that
the comparison was to the disadvantage of the Go-
vernment agents, and entirely in favor ot the
banks. How unfortunate for their argument this
attempt to do honor to the banks' It has led to
official inquiries at the Treasury Department, and
here is the answer It is a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, dated February
28th, of the present year
In answer to the first mquirv as to 'the amoum of balan
ees against alt banks which have been u=eda public deposito
nes that is not secured, ot will probably bp lost, adding thereto
theestimated loss that hasacciued by takm^ on public account
depreciated bank notes I would observe that it is computed
those balances so lost will be about c I 000 000 and the loss bv
taking such notes about S3 oOO 000 t iakm2 in üw a2sre"atc
S6 oOO 000 This is without the alliiinol any uiteiest, as are
the subsequent statements II interest was ca^t on the above
sums the aggregate would exceed S13 000100
(1 he data on w hich this compu'a ion rests are that the norm
nal balances against banks that have been public depositories,
and in default, are now though exciudm^ what stands to the
credit ot lisbursina officers about «7 000 000 Ol this sum
near $1 Oí6 OOU stands against old bank depositories, and the
residue acamet recent ones The loss to the treasury by tak
mg depreciated notes m lblt, '15, '16, and 17, is estimated at
quite 83,500000 and there is now on hand of such notes, then
received and never paid away or collected, about SSOOOOmore,
as is more fully detailedina report to the Senate from this De
partment, made the 1st uistant. These constitute an aggregate
ol 812,580,000 '
To these losses from local banks is to be added
the sum of $933,422, for the principal and interest
of dividend due from the Bank of the United
States, and withheld on a pretexted claim for dama-
ges on the protested bill of exchange on the French
Government The answer to the second branch
of the inquiry stands thus
"In answer to the second mquuy, as to thcamoun* of ba
lances against all kinds of collecting officers which has not been
secured and will probably be lost,' I have after careful evami
nation computed that it will not exceed from S9 0 000 to
Si 2O0 000 From the long period covered by these balances,
connected with their great number, it must be obvious that the
amount which has been wholly lost cannot, in many cases, be
ascertained with accuracy
" But the data for this estimate are as follows The nominal
amount of such balances is about 82,500 000 *íchedu}esof most
of them late as October, 1837 with certain explanations, may be
seen m a report to the Home of Representatives made by ihis
Department on the loth January last, and another with more
detailed explanations is sow preparing, in conformity toare
solution ot the Senate, passed the loth instant From the who! 
a oount, there should first be dednetsd a sum for what 1iisT en
ascertained to be probablj secured or paá Tíúe range  from
81,000,000 to «1,150,000
■Of the nominal balances, a furtlier sum, equ$l to new
6300,000, has neyer been put in sort, and, in most «asea, this fa
believed to have arisen from a knowledge that nothing would
appear to be due when the vouchers were all offered, and the
allowances made which were considered legal."
Thus stands the comparison between the banks
and the collectors and disbursing agent ; and (be
difference is more than five to one in favor of the
collectors and these agents In both instances, the
comparison goes back to the foundation of the Go-
vernment, and it is to be observed that the losses
among the collectors almost entirely accrued under
the old system, before the four years' law took ef-
fect—that law which brings the accounts of every
moneyed agent to a close every fourth year. Thl
law, with other regulations at the Departments
have nearly put an end to losses by collectors. la
the War Department, in the disbursement of one
hundred millions in the last fifteen years, there has
not been the loss of a dollar The other Depart-
ments have also been greatly improved. If the
comparison had been confined to the last fiftem
years, since the new law and the new regulations,
have been in force, it would have resulted still more
to the discredit of the banks and to the honor of
the Government agents. But it is not by the losses
appearing on the Treasury books that this great
question is tobe answered Those books only sfaofv
me direct losses to the Government from the use
of bank paper and banks as depositories; the indi-
rect losses to the Government, and the losses to its
creditors and to the whole community from the use
of depreciated paper, must also be taken into
the account, and then the mischiefs from the
use of these banks and their paper money ap-
pear in their enormous, incalculable, and appal-
ling amount Gentlemen of the Opposition hare
recurred with great commendation to the report ot
a committee to the House of Representatives, of
v  Inch Mr McDuffie was chairman, some seven or
eight years ago, to show the evils of a Treasury
bank—that phantom ot which there is no existence
any where but in their own imaginations. They
produce his report with every commendation; of
course they cannot object to its authority; and here
is a paragraph taken from it which should begin to
open their eyes, or ¡he eyes of the country, to the
magnitude of the losses from Government reliance
on local banks and their paper money.
1 The Government borrowed, during the short period of the
war eighty millions of dollars, at an average discount ofñí
teen percent giving certificates of stock, amounting to eighty
millions of dollars, in exchange for sixty eight millions of do!
larsm such batik paper as could be obtained I pea the very
face of the transaction therefore, there was a loss of twelve
millions o! dollars vihich would, in all probability, have been
sa\ed if the Treasuiy bad been aided by such an institution as
the Bank of the Luted states But the vum of sixty eight
millions of dolíais received by the Government was m a de
p¡ íuatíd curiencv, not more than half as valuable as that m
which the stock ^iven n exchange for 11 has been, and will
be ledecmed lleie then is an >ther loss of thirty four millions,
recultin^ incontestably and exclusively, irom the deprpciatwri
of the currencv, and makmtr with the sum lost by the discount,
foitv six millions of dollars '
Mr. McDuffie says, and sajs truly, in his report
that this loss of forty-six millions was only one
item m the catalogue of losses—that the loss to
the community, and to the Government creditors,
from using depreciated paper was beyond calcula-
tion His remedy for these losses «asa National
Bank, mine is an adequate supply of gold and
silver^and especially of gold, and 'f it is asked how-
much gold «ill be sufficient, I answer, that so fai
a* the currency of a National Bank is concerned,
twent} odd millions would be enough, for that is.
the maximum amount of currency that she ever
furnished A supply then of twenty odd millions
of gold would meet all objections arising from the
withdrawal of her currency, and that amount will
bem the country before the pie^ent term of Mr.
Van Buren's Administration expires, and double
that amount in seven or eight yeats
The lo«s to Government creditors was incredible*
from the use of depreciated paper during the late
war Even the Treasury notes were depreciated,
in some parts, as low as 33| per cent. The loss to
creditors from the use of bank notes, since May last,
has also been great The public moneys in the
hands of the depssiie binks were then 3D millions,
the Government has been paj mg it out ever since,
to the great profit of the fctaks, to the immense is*
