Mar. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Oovg"-2m> Sess.
District Courts—Mr. Johnson.
H. of Reps.
pamed by aa attack on the business of the country
co-extensive with the power, and the ramifications
of the power, of the Bank of the United States.
Laborers dismissed—work stopped—factories clos-
ed—wage1* reduced—bread and fuel monopolized,
and the price augmented—bank accommodations
withheld from small dealers and hard workers, and
profusely granted to capitalists, shavers, and specu-
lator!.—specie payments suspended—exchanges de-
ranged—actual distress created by every act of
oppression and aggravated by every act of exagge-
ration—distress meetings—distress orations—dis-
tress committees—and the whole charged by its
own authors on the Republican Administrations,
such is the infusion of demoniac ingredients which
bank vengeance has superadded to Federal panics,
and by which the elections are to be governed, ana
the people scourged into submission to Federal and
Bank domination.
It is now about six >ears since these attacks
have been going on. They commenced with the
famous veto session of 1832—the marble palace in
Chestnut street, Philadelphia, being the source from
which ihey emanate. The nearer to that source,
the more the country is affected and injured, the
farther oif, the less. Thus, the South and West are
lcs injured than the Northeast, and, in some parti-
culars, the South and West are gaming under the
effect of these attacks on business, while the States
and cities North cf the Potomac are losing. It is
time for reflecting men to consider the consequences
of this unnatural warfare upon the business of the
country It is time for them to ask themselves
what its effects must be on the population, the ma-
nufactures, and the commerce of the Northeast,
and en the banks themselves, which either become
the criminal agents, or the unfortunate victims, of
this diabolical policy History informs us that the
revocation of the edict of Nantes deprived France,
in three ) ea rs, of three hundred thousand souls,
who carried to foreign States the arts and manufac-
tures of their own native country Histsry also
«forms us that the tyranny of the Flemish manu-
facturing corporations transferred the woollen ma-
nufacture from Flanders to England. Already an
effect similar to that of the revocation of the edict
of Nantes on France, and of the tyranny of the
Flemish corporations on Flanders, is beginning to
be visible in the effect  of this war upon the busi-
ness of the country in the Northeast Great is the
number of respectable and useful artisans and la-
borers—great the number of enterprising young
men—numerous the heads of families, with their
sons and daughters, and promising tram of young
children, which have already bid adieu to the trou-
bled scenes of the Northeast, and sought repose
and independence in the rich and tranquil regions
ovf the far West. Nev er was the emigration to the
West so great The roads, rivers and canals—all
the western communication- —are filled with moving
masses, pressing into the great Valley of the Missis-
sippi. " Westward the stm of empiie holds its course "
A continuation of the causes of this emigration must
augment the emigration itself, and m a few years
the effects must be felt on the population and ma-
nufactories of the Northeast To the banks them-
selves, whether the agents or the victims of
this unnatural «arfare, a continuance of such
conduct must be fatal. Political associations
for any purpose, and with any party, must be
dangerous to banking institutions, but an associa-
tion wnh that party whose connection has been
fatal to two National Banks, and to every thing
else that it ever touched, and an association to
govern elections by breakmgup the business of the
country—sach an association, must be fatal in-
deed, not meiely to the culpable banks engaged in
the work, but to many innocent ones which avoid
their policy To the great importing cities, and
especially to New York, a continuance of this
course, with a lepetition of bank suspensions, de-
rangement of exchanges, and interruption of cre-
dit, must be highly deleterious The early loss of
the Southern and Western trade may be the penal-
ty of such conduct. Habit, and adventitious cir-
cumstances, now carry the Southern and Western
merchants to the Northeast to purchase goods, and
to purchase them at all the disadvantages of a
second hand sale, loaded with the coMs, charges,
profits and losses of an intermediate sale. Direct
purchases in Europe are as easy for the South and
West as this second hand operation, and far
cheaper. They have the capital—the real capital
—in their hundred millions of annual exportable
productions. They sell at hard money prices in
Europe, and purchase at paper money pnces m
the United States. The paper system, always
hard upon the exporting States, becomes ruinous
to them in its derangements. The South and West
have only to b?gm direct importations, and the
natural channels will vindicate their cwn rights
forever afterwards. Venice, Genoa, Alexandria,
Cairo, once entrepots of Asiatic and European
commerce, had as well look for a restoration of
that commerce after the Cape of Good Hope had
been doubled, as that New York, Philadelphia, or
Baltimore, shall look for a continuation of South-
ern and Western trade, when once the Liverpool
and Havre markets shall be m direct communica-
tion with New Orleans and Charleston.
Mi President, I have said but little—compara-
tively little—on the merits of the bill before you,
because I know, as I have already said, that the
mentor dement of the bill, is not the question be-
fore us. It uas the question which we presented,
it is not the question which gentlemen of the Oppo-
sition hav e discussed They bring forward another
question—one of party, of political power, of re-
toration of themselves to power. They fly to all
the topics of party warfare, they arm themselves
from the magazine of party politics, and the Presi-
dential election of 1840 is the object m view The
struggle is for the recovery of a lost charter, and
restoration to lost power The party which got
into p wcr, without the consent of the people, in
1825, and which has since been evicted from
power by the v oice of the people—that party now
nerves itself fjr the dj ing contest of 1840 At its
side is its well beloved cou-m and all}, the dena
tionahzed National Bank, co'lectmg all its energies
far the recoverj of a charter which a hero Piesi-
dent, and a patriot people, refused to renew in
1832. This double recovery is the object, and
the question which really presents itself, is this
ought the evicted Federal party, and the vetoed
Federal Bank, be restored to the possession of the
political and the pecuniary power of these United
States^ This is the question, and T hold the nega-
tive of it, for, of all Governments under the sun,
restorations are admitted to be the most abominable
and insufferable ' They are the worst Govern-
ments ever known Vengeance and persecution
are their ruling passions, and mdemniheation for
lost time their mam occupation It has been so in
all ages and in all countries, and will be so for ever
Ancients and moderns—in Asia, Africa, Europe,
and America—the same passions govern the re-
stored party, modified only by the different degrees
of civilization which prevail With the Esmans,
it was proscription and exile—the aqua tt ignis
interdicHo In Asia and Africa, the restored chief
gluts his sav age v engeance in acts oí brute violence
upon his helpless enemies In Europe, more courtly
methods accomp! sh thedegiadation, and, if need be,
the destruction of the defeated part) In England,
the restoration of the Smarts was the signal for
infesting the country with delators, mtormers,
and spies, for labncatipg meal-tub and rye-house
plots, for sending the Siduev s and the Russels to
judicial slaughter, for filling the prisons with pa-
triots, the Parliament with bills of attainder, and the
King's palace with bullies and assassins In Prance,
the restoration of the old Bourbons brought with it
executions, exi'es, persecutions, infringement of
chartered liberties, and war upon everv liberil
idea. Here, in our own Amenes, we ha\e con-
stitutional guarantees for the protection of pejso -il
rights, but of what avail accam^t the passions and
the power of pirtv, let the fate of Pres dent Tac
son—adjudged unheard Iv his cnem s on n s
floor—conv icted of an impeichable offence w ithout
die form of a trial—'et h s fate tell' Yes, sir' re-
storatnns, i all Governments, are the most odious
and intolerable No country has been able m
modern times to endure one of them The Eng-
lish chised off the Stuarts the French chased away
the old Bourbons What sort of Government
should we have, in these United States, under the
restored dominion of the Federal party, so violent
in Mr Jefferson's time, and so much more: funons
non? What sort of a Wotumal Bank would that
institution make which is now boiling over wiái
vengeance against every Republican, who has not
"crooked the pliant hinges of the knee" to KsjcKramy?
Imagination shudders at the though of seeing the
political and the pecuniary power of this Union
fall into the hands of suck a party, and such a bask.
Is their restoration probable' I think not. Tem-
porary and partial success, the delusive fruit of
terror and deception, may gild their banners for a
while. They may carry some counties, some cities,
some States They may continue to exult in the
issue of some local elections, as thev have done
heretofore But to succeed in the ntain ob-
ject—to carry the Presidential chair m 1840—
that I hold to be impossible. I go upon my
knowledge of the American people I know them
to be for their country, and believe that they can
never elevate to power the party which builds its
elevation upon the calamities, the humiliations,
and the misfortunes of their country They can
never elevate to power the party which in every
contest, foreign and domestic, is found on the
w rong side of the question—on the side of the
British, the French, the Indians, tne Mexicans, the
non-resuming banks, and the shm-plasters. Such
a party cannot succeed, and I announce to them
their fate in advance—a Jackson defeat for the
month of November, one thousand eight hundred
and forty
REMARKS OF MR. JOHNSON,
Of Virginia.
In the House of Representalnes, March   10,  1838—
On the b 11 to restore  Circuit Court powers and
jurisdiction to  the District Courts in Western
Virginia
Mr BE1RNE had mot ed to str.ke out the first
section of the bill, when
Mr JOHNSON rose and remarked
I regret exceedingly that my honorable colleague
should have deemed it his duly to submit a motion
to strike out the first section of the bill now under
consideration I can but think that, upon this oc-
casion, he has in some measare departed from that
expanded and libera! course which has hitherto
marked and characterized all his legislative acts
as a member of this House, and that, in his great
zeal to to promote the supposed convenience of a
portion of his immediate constituents, he has over-
looked the great and abiding inteiebt of Western
Viigmia
It will be recollected that, as early as 1819, Con-
gress passed an act establishing a United States
Court vv est ot the mountains, in the State of Vir-
ginia, thit, preueus to that date, all persons resid-
ing m the West, and hav ing business in the Fe-
deral Court, were subjected to the irksome and ex-
pensive necessity of travelling some three or foui
hundred miles from their homes to the city of Rich-
mord, that being the place where the court was
holden
To remedy this acknowledged incom emence,
the act of 1819, a copy of which I hold in my hand,
was passed, by virtue of which act four courts
« ere es«abl.shed in the West, and located at the
following places Clarksburg, Staunton, Lewis-
burg, and W) the Court-house This arrangement
produced the most beneficial results, and gave gene-
rat «-ttisfac ion to all concerned
But, Mr Speaker, by the provisions of the act of
the third March, 1S37, entitled "an act to amend
the judicial sjstem of the United States," a Circuit
Court Kin established at Lewiiburg, in the county
oi Gieenbr er, and so much of the act oí 1819 as
invested the District C mrts with C rcuit Court
powers ard jurisdiction wrs repealed, and more-
over, all actions, suits, \ rosecutions, causes, pleas,
process, and other proceedings, relative ¡o an}
cause, civil or criminal, then pending in the Dis-
trict Court, which might have been brought, and
could have been originally cognizable m a Circuit
Court, or returnable to the several District Courts,
weie transferred to the Circuit Court established at
Lew isburg.   Tne injuuous consequences following
