22«___________          ÁftfifcNtolk fO f H& CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,         ______Miar  lBffji.'
'iS-tH Cong-•• -gvp Sess.__________ Making public officers depositaries—Mr, Tf'aU.                                                                  Seriate.
constitutional.duty faithfu.ll),  to the best of my
abilities and understanding
How, ihen, shall we perform thai duty under
the Constitution, in the best manner for the coun-
try'' In other words, how shall we be>t piovtde
foi the safe-keepi.ig of the public treasure ? There
are bu> two modes proposed, or which can be pro-
posed , one is, to commit the custody of the public
treasure to the constitutional officers of the people,
designated, regulated, controlled, and punishable
by la  ot Congress, and bound by all the solemni-
ties and obligations, and restrained by all the
punishments which the laws and the Constitution
can impose to keep tí solely fm the public use.
The other is to withdiaw it wholly from the cus-
tody oí the constitutional organs ,inu agents ol the
people, and to commit it to a bank, created bj Con
Kress, or to a league! or oligarchy of banks, created
by State sovereignties, quo ad hoe.foteiqnlv the Uni-
ted Stales, and beyond the  eonhol, to be used, «n-
tilxi anted fm the public use, for Ike benefit, profit, and
advantage of the p ivikged corporations selected
You will peiceive, sir, that I have classed the
distinct piopositions which respect the commuting
(Re public treasure to a Bank of the United Slates,
•and the State banks as one and identical. It is so
in principle. Both reject the officers, chosen by
the people, under the Constitution, as not tiust-
worthy and safe depositees, both require the repu-
diation of the principle of keeping thepublic money
solely for the public use. Both assume that corpo-
rations are belter qualified to choose the officers to
keep ihe public money than the people, and thai
the coiporations, for thus peifoiming a duty, with
which the people are not fit to be trusted, should
be rewarded by a privileges denied to all othei pei-
sons, bodies, coiporate or politic, oí using the pub-
lic treaswe fm their oun piofit
Shall we, then, commit the public revenue',
which have been called the life-blood of the people,
shall we commit the public treasure, which Mi
Madison, on one occasion, denominated " the soul
and body of the body politic," to the ofheers ol the
people, their constitutional agents and organs'? or
shall we give the soul and body, and the lile-blood
of the people, to corporations without soul or body,
and the generóos impulses which spring ftom the
cm rent oí the lile-blood?
Mr PresuUnl, in my judgment, this is reviving,
m anoihei C> im, the long agitated question wliuher
the people are cap Able of self-government Those
who contend for ti c agencv of banks instead of the
people in choosing the guauliaiis of ihe public trea-
sure, m efieotdeny thai the greatest experiment, ill
ihe pursuit of human happmess,e ver made by nations
—the experiment (i big pardon of the gentlemen
upon who-e ears this word grates so unpleasantly,
for repeating 11) of the capacity of the people for
self-government—has succeeded, nay, it is proclaim
mg that it has tailed It carries us back to the po-
sition of our ancestors, ai the time of the glorious
Declaration of American Independence What was
that position' Our ancestors had brought with
them, fiom their mothei country, that part of the
common law called th" Folk Law, but none of the
essential portion of political powei, or the preroga-
iu-es of sovereignty. All that portion which related
io the independent right of self-government, the
ngh' to the purse and the sword, was lelt, or
claimed lobe ¡eit, bey md the Atlantic, m the keep-
ing of the Kins and the Lords and Commons of
England. The Keu'ution sprung from the claim
of Parliament to the purse of the American people
Our ancestors pe tiled life, liberty, and honor m re-
sistance to a twopenny duty upon stamps, and a
trírepenny tax upon tea. Who does not íecollect
the digument ol ihe Tories of that day, to prov
that the people wcic not capable of 'ell-govern-
ment, o id that it wis the best policy, and greatly
for their true interests, to leave their purse m the
keeping of toe English Parliament, and their si, orcl
in the custoly oí the King? Our ancestors tn
umpheel All political power became their own
They took it m their own hands, and by a wntu n
Constitution prescribed the orbits, and defined the
Jimus, of that powe., and regulated its future distri-
bution, exeicise, and action.
Let us not confound names, or confuse  ideas
pur ancestors understood by tfje word sword, that
part ol the prerogative of sovereignly fthich, relates
to the declaration of war, and «suing lettew of
marque and reprisal—(hepower over the peaceof the
nation. By the British Constitution, that preroga-
tive «as assigned to the King. But the people, by
their repiesentatives ;n Parliament, letamed the
puise in their own hands; that is, the light to ap
propiiateievenues, the right of taxation, and the
right to raise and provide loi ainues, to control the
Executive authority oí the sword. But Ihe light to
appoint the officers who were to wield the swoid,
and to collect and keep the revenues, « as an Ex-
ecutive poo er, and lelt with the King The peo-
ple, when they fiamed our Constitution, took both
tlie sword and the purse from Executive powei,
and transfeired it 10 Congress, the legislative
power. But the appointment ol the othcers oí the
army, and oí the revenue, to collect and keep the
public treasure, was left still an Executive power,
to be exercised by the nomination ot the President,
and the confirmation of the Sinale When the
psople, speaking Ihiougli then legislative power,
raise revenues, public treasure, they piescribe the
mode of keeping and disbursing it, and then the
Constitution stops m, mid fixes the agents by whom
it is to be done But how? I'oi private use? No,
in,no, for public use, b\ oflicois ot the people,
and accordni" to the| will of the people. Let ui
hear no more about the President's tisuipation, ot
his grasping both the purse and the sumd, because
he appoints and removes ofheers ot the army, and
of the revenue, and the fieamiy Congtess can
neithet eonfei noi lake awav that power, it is
given by the Constitution You can create offi-
cers, but you cannot appoint othcers, without usiii-
pation I «ill not lonow the language oi my
honoiable collngue, and i íy "th it it is gioss igno-
lancc or deception" to assert that ihe Picsidenlr in
usurp the purse and the sword bj appointing in ie-
movmg officers to command the «rum s, 01 c )lt<t
and keep the levenues and publu, Ucasuie, but 1
will say, that inch a pretence b is no foundation m
the Constitution ol the laws of oui count!}, and it
can do no bann but to him who has the haidihood
to asset it It is revolution iry and unconstitu-
tional
Mi Prtsidcnt, oui ancestors, b> the lli volution
acqtuud the whole political povvei, all the prerog-
atives of so<eteignty We arc now asked to sui-
render to corp irations, to banks, a pait «filial
sovereignty, and the rnpst ,ssential pait—the very
life-blood of sovereignty, the soul and body of the
people, th< purse .mil public tieasuiy I am
ama/ed and astonished at the ina.niiude of tin.
demand. What, sir, give the custody and use of
the soul and body] and life blood ol the public to
corporations, who, in the quaint language of Loi 1
Coke, have "nciuVr souls to be dammd, nor necks
to be hung," a defect the moir to In lamented, as it
protects them from punishment, but does not save
them from sin
But, sir, if jou commit the rusto 'v of the public
monev to eoipot Uions or banks,  bow  ai<'  they   to
keep it?    Whj.lhey   must, alter   ail,   do it as ihe
people d i it, by a_rents or oraran'—by officers (bo
sen by themselves — by men     This brines us to ihe
true diJcienee Uiwetn  the poooy  su tamed and
earned out by this bill, and the policy ol  its allied
opponents, and it is simply this     We say that the
peeiple ougbt to choose thou   men, tney say no,
give the choice to the  banks.    Why should  rot
trie peoplp choose'    If lliey are to be excluded, it
must be because the great experiment of   sell-
government in their hands has faili d, as relates to
the purse, in other vvoids, the people aie nit fit to
govern themsplvcs—to tike care of their money
They are their own «orst enemies, and that banks
are the best come rvators e f their money     To < a)
ry on the great expenment of self governm' at, th'
people must dispense with their oun <>g ills,  aid
substitate m tin r place the aguitscf birks, ami
give the ban' s  the u p   and  profits of the public
treasure     Bo the banks civ rc-e men who are rnoie
hon<>st,  faithful,  and cipable,   'han the peori'e1
Does a bank stamp upon men operate as it does
upon  paper, and  change  their  qualities,  va'ue,
worth, and character?    Alas, sir, the history of
banks and corporations is the blackest page in the
history of fraud and violated (rust.
Mi- President, I repeat that thete aie but woj
sides to this questiut). There are but two policies
thought of. Shall we select the officers of the peo-
ple, chosen and appointed under the Constitution,
and jeguUled by urn laws, to keep the public Trea-
sury, or shall we delegate that selection to corpora-
tions oi banks?
jVovv, sir, it may well be doubted whether we
have any such constitutional powei so to transfer
and dek gate our own legislative trust. Whether,
il «c have, we ean so fai change the Constitution,
wlneli gives to the PiesiueiU "ihe appointment of
a'l olhceisof the United States established by law,"
and not o lei wise provided ¡oi in that msttuinent.
Does not „n ortieer oi a bank, selected to keep the
public piusc, be onif ipio facto an oflicei of the
Untied States? 'Ihe Constitution ol the United
States intended to cuate an independent Govern-
ment—self-acting, sell-moving, scli-poised, sell-
iu,.tauipd— o deuve its vital powei fiom the bieath
of ihe people ol the States composing the Union.
Its pitipoition, its ¡statute, its features, itsfunctions,
all, all are delineated by the mighty hand oi the peo-
ple One of the fuiieUlnu mal piuiciples of that
Constitution is, that all the iunclionsol the Govern-
mirit, thii- ostibl^hid, shall be performed by men
ol souls md both s, neive and smew, íespoiiMble
an I .inn nablo to nnp< ae'wnenl, to punishment;
tutiual bodies, not amfuial bodies—soulless and
lliesponsible and unpunishable, but all deriving
then autboiity lrotn the people, and responsible to
the people Are corpoiatious so? Who can open
then books oi doois without their leave, even if
stipulated for bv law or contract?
Could we delegate the tinst of selecting our fiscal
agi nts to the Clueen of Gicat Britain, oi to the King
o| Fiance'' Could we give the use ol our moneys
and the appointment of our liscal othcers lo the
Bank ol r.u^laud or oí frame'' And it not, why
no ' Tin c mqu ues an  lull ot weighty and im-
pon uit i on idiiatiois bu 1'h ill not puisue flieui
luiihi i ai pi    < nt
Th. pilnv pi posed by this lull, and «Inch the
gi nlleim n on ihe other side call the policy of the
Government, is, when an ily sed, " rnpiy to separate
the tu asures ol the people liom the lunch of the
credit syst m, oi hank , to withdraw the public re-
venues Horn the- usi of a piivilrgcd class of men,
vvn i alieady have die right to diaw treble interest
upon their money, to prevent its being banked upon,
ami muid up with the fluctJUiorts of trade, to re-
main tin banks liom loaning it .'oi their own use
to ihe people to whom it belongs, and chaiging
them .s the lunlo chirge them lor then own funds,
Ik ble mtere- , to intcnlie t the banks liom making
u in y oí the publ c ire.isuie, and putting that usmy
in tin it own pockets, a is to bung back the Go-
vernment to Us ancient s mplicity, to its constitu-
tional aim n, io return to the* principles of the fust
In tstn, law Irani'il b, the makers ol the Consti-
tution, tlu I i,w oi 178")
Tnjs law (wlbued, kept, and disbursed the pub-
lic money, by In agency id the ofliceis of the Go-
v< niment oí ilu United Slab s, not of banks, and
uch vv is lb' practice (oi niai'y Hip first thirty
yi use)1 the Govt mm i t Does this do wrong to
my on< ' ' it n t in < nfminity to the principles
ol i in u stitulion , < I euu tl lights and equal p.ivi-
lege ■,, ind If tl tne b'<ssi ij,s of Government be dif-
fused, like the gent e di w sol Heaven, upon all?
it we must look for agents chosen by corpora-
tions, vidiat nght 'i i- the correlations of banks over
thee oiporations for railroads, canals, turnpikes, me-
chanics, manui ict irers, fdimm?, oi other useful
| urposes iNay what right has the pre* dent and
el n e < i > of a bit k, in their c npoi?te character,
o cr It i'di le'uals who fill those oiPces? Who
v e md ml ism i trust Nicholas Bide'le, Pre-scned
lili Isi„o HI' aid th T rtspicu'le direc-
to s, u Mle oil fi iispr ruble pieSideids ind direo-
teiselfs u b'tils.n 'bci individual cnaiaeter, as
in ilu.reo poiate charae'er? Yet what would be
thought ol the man who should seuously propose
that the public funds sbould be committed to the
charge of such men as they should select, and that
they should have the use and interest of it for the
trouble of keeping it?
Now, what is the antagonist principle of the
■ allied opponents of this polio}?   The antagonist
