Mar. 1838.
2¿ih Cong-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&$9
■ •2i\d SesS.
Making public officer  depoñtaríes—Mr. Wall.
Senate
policy, disgj;=e it ?s you will, is, jn fact, to sepa-
rate the money of trie people from the people and
from their Government; w put it beyond the con-
trol ot the people and then Government, under the
contioi of banks and hemic r^cnls^for bank uses. How,
sir, is this afempted to be done?
They attempt to separate the people from the
Government, to s >\v dissensions, create ammosit'es,
and to alienate tl.e people from the officers whom
they li^v e cho-eu Dc«? not he who caustlessly
attempts to make fie peoj'lj te'u v e tint their inte-
rest ¡s d.sLnu 1'iuiii thtir GovtrniRent, and thus tu
créale two separate p nfi<, aim to uverthiou 2nd
subven the Const,tution' Str, the Government
under our Constituían 'a from the people, of the
people, and for the p ople, one and índuisdb'e,
it rever inseparable. Cut the ligament which
binds them together, and the people will n t have
left even the poor privilege of dividing a part of the
prerogatives of sovereignty with bank coi porations.
They declaim against office-holders, and attempt
to render them odious and suspected by the peo-
ple. Wh)1 Is it that office necessarily cor-
rupts'' Oh no Let th= banks confer office, and
honor, integrity and talent go with the patent, or
let their own paity confei office, and the recipient
at once becomes, superhuman, godlike Is it not
strange that those who are continually denouncing
office holdeis as conupt and corrupting; who
talk of scouig'. g them back to their dens,
and caverns, and prisons, will be found like the
moth fluttering around the attractive flame, which
Is sure to consume their\ r;ue, honesty, and patrio-
tism1 Nay, they are e\e\i wiping to os'e their
greatness to then country's ruin Tf^ir hopes use
as the barometer of the rcoun'n's piosptntv sinks.
Their mirth ?iA try cirgs s«ek the sCenes of trV
greatestdis'ress .or air r exhibition, an'l tne ¡ le^s s
of tnt'tnpti are spread upon tne tcuibs oi tiade,
cred't, and commerce, and miJst the rums of the
prosperity oí their country. Like the revels of
the guardians of the sick, in the cities doomed to
the ravages o! pla°ue and pestilence, their wgies
become more loud and revolting, as the scenes
of human mis rj j*epen in horr«r and suflenng V
If «e believe mat the scenes of distrev, which they 1
depxt, are d'a>\n from natuie, \\ nat bat consola-
nons 01 the neat ,inp each "r office vou''ishrd
jo,', au I math, ai.d s, ee, upon feasts sp.eal a n'dst
the i 'ins o. 1 1' 11 ro 11"
Mr r.esi lent, ue'n.e tne scenes 01 the pin c
sesSRu acted over a ain on this oceasion Eternal
«aris dcclaied ayainst this od.ous policy ot the
Government, Executive eiiciodchnieiits, t}rant,
General Jacks< n, the 'emoval of tke deposites,
tne war oí the E tecum e upon commeice and the
credit Sjstem, fie again the fiumul suojects ot
eloijuent declamation. All public misery and dis-
tress is again traced up to the war upoi ihe credit
system, and 'lie laboral 01 the deposites. Sir,
have we lost omi memories'' Do we not recolltct
how positive the same gemiemen, who now rei>ew
dailj ihen ¿uefs. fioai li.c «fine lountam, ftcie,
tnat the only panacea lor the res*oiat>on oí prjspe
nty «as the restoration of toe depo'iie--'' The de-
posites veré not restored, but the íecuperame
energies of the people restored prosperuv. it is
h^zaidous to tiy the same experiment of delusion
t«ice before ;>ii intelligent people. Do the banks
eontiact and expand, add then su>pend, and thus
fill ihe land With ni'seryt it is all chaiged to d^e
letnovaloi the deposites, and thp withholding the
pi blic monev fiom the pnvate use ol the hanks
Tms continual clamor reminds me ot the toty y no
nas found ir. office at the commencement ot the
Revolution, and his adherence to } ¿ punciples, lost
him bo h office and property. After the Revolu-
tion,having received the remuneration which was so
royally bestowed upon the loyalists, he returned to
this country, but to the day of his- death, whin
business was dull, trade piostiate, crops short, o,
any disaster occmred in the political ur natuial
world, he never (ailed to exclaim " that it was all
owing to General Washington aud the American
Re/olution." Prejudice is always the same, shr-it
sighted vindictive, unjust.
The t Id stoiy, that "he who trade- on U>nuwed
capital ought to bteak," has been taken liom the
countci, where it had been nailed as the counter lei t
presentment of truth by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster] and my colleague,
and new stamped, and onoe more put in circulation
as genuine. Sir, I do not believe that even their
mint,however excellent it may be, can restore cre-
dit to such cuirency: the metal is too base to re-
ceive new value from its impress.
The late and present Administrations have been
accused of warring upon trade, upon commerce,
upon banks, and upon the credit system. Why,
Mr. President, you cannot open a statute book nor
a treaty, nor can you walk abroad, in the city or m
the country, but you find a refutation of thess un-
foun led charges. Lot k to the millions restored by
treaty to the merchants, the laws for the relief of
merchants, of banks, and let them answer. This
and the former Administration have been eminently
the fi lends of commerce and the credit ¿ystem, and
have been rewarded, as benefactors are too often
rewarded, by persecution and s'ander
But, Mr. President,it is amusing, asa novelty,
to find that gentlemen 111 the Opposition are now
the advocates of the pet bank system Have they
so soon forgotten the eloquence which they dis-
played m abus-mg that odious system, and their
prophecies that it would fail? It has failed, and
now, when prophecy has become fact, they become
its strenous supporters and ask us to help them in
sustamtnga measure that has been tried, and failed.
S r, there is no disputing about taste; some prefer
tainted viands, and I have heard of a whole nation
whose taste lequtres the action of corruption to
make food palatable.
However, in justice to the pet banks, I feel bound
to saj, that, in my opinion, their ruin was com-
menced by the recharter of ihe Bank of the United
Stites bv the Legislature of Pennsylvania; hasten-
ed b} 'he deposje law, which originated with their
present fnei d , and sealed by the Bank of Eng-
land—by the ene week's panic which caused the
prostration of American houses, and the overthrow
of American credit, to which my colleague has al-
luded. Sir, the first throb of the pulse of the great
cr-dtt system, which ended in the revulsion, first
beat in the veins of the Bank of England. There,
su, v >u must always feel and look for it. But it
would not have been fatal here, if the State banks
ha I not been guilty of the amiable error, to which
m colkague alludes in such gentle term , "of try-
ing to make too much money for those who were
entitled to it " In oth^r words, they over-banked,
and over-traded, and, like their unfortunate debtors,
whose crors thev begat, when called on, they could
not pay. Fortunate!) for them, they are privileged
debtors.
Whatev er disputes may exist about the primary
cause of distress, every man sees and feels that it
is c ust'l immediately bv the contractions and ex-
pansions of the banks, and the suspension of specie
pav menls by banks This is palpable. He is
no friend ot the banks who advises them to become
politicians, and to enter the arena of politics I am
1 o enemy to the banks; but I v, arn them that if they
b°i_one politician', thev must shale the fate of po-
litic un- To be useiul, to be laithfu! to their trusts,
the> must confine tnemselves to their proper
sphere, and avoid both politics and usury. I warn
¡hem ''lat the law makes a distinction between
vested rights an 1 vested wrongs.
Mr. President, it would be well tor the State
banks to take warning by the fate of the late Bainc
of the United States It was as-umed bv its friends,
and it is asseited daily her?, that General Jackson
made war upon it, and th-it its virtue aid incor-
ruptibility was tne only ciuse of that wat I will
not entei into the history of that war, but I n ill
say ihat it is clear that this charge, which impli-
cates both General Jackson and the th^n Secretary
of the Treasuiy, Samuel D Ingham, was- never
advanced until three vears after the attempt was
alleged to have been made upon the \ irfue of that
institution, that such a charge is repelled, both by
its stateness and the character of the Secretary, to
siv nothing ol the character of Gen Jackson; and
I ieel that it is due to the character of Samuel D.
Ingham:o say, that although I have differed with
hmi on some sub- ct?, vet, that his administration
uf tue Treasury Uepaitment, able, upright, faith-
ful, and independent, ought to have piotected him
from such a charge. Sir, gentlemen are estopped
by the records of the people's voice, from renewing
that old topic of declamation. "Tbe war wJas matte
by the bank itself, not of defence, but of offence,
upon the pockets of the people, to extort 'from toe
sufferings of the people a renewal of chartered
privileges. It was carried on by contractions and
expansions; it stopped short, however, of the last
resort of desperate valor, blowing up the ship; In
other words, compelling all the banks 10 áospend
specie payments. The war of that bant was like
that of the genie, the son of the daughter of Ebhs,
and, like that genie, its pretext was that it had been
summoned before the American people m breach
of contract. It had the same power of metamor-
phosis. It assumed the shape of a lion, terrific and
frightful, and when its lion-head was cut off, it
changed into a scorpion, then a cat, next a worm,
which pierced a pomegranate, the good old Key-
stone State. What is to be its futuie fate, is hid
in the mysteries of futurity; but it is easy to see,
that if the pomegranate should, after all the extra-
ordinary motions that the worm made it perfi rm,
burst, that the worm will be found rolling on the
banks of a canal, whose waters it will seek as its
last refuge.
I concur, Mr. President, with those who believe
that the interest both of the trading community and
the banks will be best promoted hy acting upon the
principle of hands off, let alone. What have the
merchants gamed by becoming the allies of the
Bank of the United States? What has their heroic
devotion gained for fheml The honor of being
crushed under the wheals of the car of the Jugger-
naut of wealth, or being consumed upon the pyre
which their own idolatry has ra-sed.
Mr. President, one of the instincts of wealth ¡s to
gam political poner.    Its spirit is aristocratic, oli-
garchic, and monarchic, always warring for privi-
leges, and against equal rights.   In the days of leu-
trality, wealth consisted in lands, and that gave
rank and power.   That system was simply a sys-
tem of concentric circles, rising irom the serf to the
monarch m its different gradations, each under the
influence of the next, and all moving round a com-
mon centre—the king, as the paramount lord.   But
the people or serfs had no rights.   Tnat system
was gradually worn away by wealth a>suniing a
different form—that of gold and silver;  but it was
not finally destroyed until gold and silver invoked
the aid  of the magic credit or paper system.    In
1693, the foundation of the much boasted credit
system was lard, by the establishment of the Bank
of England; and m 1720  it was expanded by the
South Sea project and additional capital.    History
tells us that both were opposed by the patriots of
that day.    Although the paper system crawled into
existence in the humble guise of demanding eight
per cent, interest on one million and a ha'f, for half
a million of gold and silver actually put in bank,
yet all the beauties and benefits of the system weie
maintained there very much as they have been main-
tained here    Those who opposed the establishment
of the paper system then, contended that it was cal-
culated  to  enrich the few,  and impoverish the
manj; that it woold become a monopoly, and en-
gross ihe whole money of the kingdom, that it must
infallibly ally itself to political power, and be em-
ployed to the worst puiposes of such power, that
instead of assisting, it would weaken, commerce
and trade, by tempting people to withdraw their
money from trade, and employ it in ¡>tocK-j"bbmg,
that it would countenance the fraudulent and per-
nicious practice oí stock-jobbing, which diveiied
¡he genius of the people from trade and mdustrj,
that it would allure people to part «ith ihe fruits ot
their property, by the vast piospecis of gam it de-
ceptively held out; that it would enable loreigneu,
by investing in then stocks, to withdraw from Eng-
land their gold and silver   that it would produce a
swarm of brokers and toboers, to piey upon the.r
ielloR-citiz-'ns, encourage fraud and gaming, and
fuithercotrupt the mcials cl the nation, and, finally,
that its large capital would endanger tbe hber íes
of the nation, ¡or, bv iheir interest, they «ould be
enabled to influence mot, tf not all, the electi'uis < 1
members, and, con<pqt¡«ntií, ovelmíe ine rr-o,a-
uonsoftht House oi Coinoiorts    Th i-e pa'i   s
afs0 contended 'hat, «1 all such public r-<¡i¿<¡ms   n
