Feb. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOÉE.
25th Co\G""2m> Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Mien.
Senate.
banks to be found only m legislative bodies' No,
the Executive departments of the Slates are equally
exposed Bank presidents, directors, stockholders,
lawyers, and borrowers, may be seen in the persons
of Governors and other officers, throughout all the
gradations ot executive and ministerial authority.
But if the influence of the banking system be
fatal to ihe honest exercise of legislative and exe-
cute e power, what are we to hope when it falls
upon the inviolable ermine? for there it has
fallen, and there it has left a «¡tarn of impu-
rity broad as the face of the Union Banks
know, full well, the value of a friend at court
They know who are to expound their charters, to
limit, or extend, by mere opinion, their powers and
privileges, to probe or conceal, to punish or con-
nive at, their frauds and delinquencies This ihey
understand, and bank officers and dependants are,
therefore, converted into judges, or judges converted
into bank officers and dependants In either event,
the result is the same to the people And thus it
is that the public law of this great and glorious
countrj, instead of emanating from its freemen, is
often both made and administered, in their very
presence, bj the agency of banks, which are them-
selves but the creatures of law
Sir, it may be assumed as a political axiom,
founded in the nature of our social being, that, in
a populai Government, every considerable divi-
sion of the communitj, whether based upon dis-
tinct interests, abstract principles, or upon the di-
versity of human passions, will, if it idm t of a
separate organization, ultimately become partisan
m the struggles for political power The banking
system is such a division, it is so organized, and
has openly assumed all the attributes of a partisan
But so comprehend e, so vast, are its pon ers, that
instead of being merely secondary, it has itself be-
come the primary basis of such a party Instead
of being attracted by other ínteres, it has drawn
those interests lo itself, and thus the politician is
rendered subordinate to the banker, and the public
welfare an ODjeet subordinate to the welfare of the
banks Sir, is the fact doubted'* Then look back
through the last eight years, look over the face of
the country at the present moment, look through
Loth Houses ef Congress, look to the measure now
pending in the Senate What is, what has been
during all this time, the contiolhng influence, the
very life and soul, of the Opposition? His it not
be°n, is it not now, the influence of banks alone'
And who are they that devise the measures and
direct the energies of that party? Are they not
bankers, or the agents, attorneys, and dependants
of banks? For what is the struggle protracted1 Is
it not for the interests of banks? and is not their
triumph the great and primary object?
Yes, m all the conflicts of mankind, *he power
which pays 'he troops will torever control their
movements, and appropriate the benefits of victo-
ry From the first day that the late President ad-
vised the discontinuance of the Bank of the United
States, that institution, as the central member of
the banking system, has struggled to coerce the
American people to deliver up their Government
into the hands of its Iaw>ers and dependants
And even now, while I am sptakmg, this, with its
eight hundred confederated banks, after having
thrown off all the restraints of law, stand forwaid
still claiming the empire of the country, and de-
manding the public mone), in advance, to aid in
establishing that cía m And, sir, m what spirit
are these frightful pretensions oí the banks put
forth? What language have we heard? What
pa^j-ions have w e seen displayed upon this floor?
Have we not heard the same bitter invective, seen
the sime infuriated passion, which has ever cha-
raUen/ed this mercenary warfare upon the Go-
vernment and tne people? In what language, in
what spirit, in what manner, have we heard the
late President of the United States spoken of by
the Senator from Kentucl y, [Mr Ci a.\ ?] We
have heard that illustrious citizen, though retired
to ptivate life, though in no man's way to power,
though w orn down with age, and standing upon
the \ éry verge of the grave, yet we have heard
him denounced in the councils of his country—
that country which he has served, and saved by
hts serving, yet even here we hav e heard such a
man denounced as though he were the worst of
traitors still prosecuting treason Napoleon is de-
clared to have been his object of imitation—and
why? Did President Jackson usurp the Govern-
ment? Did he slaughter three millions of his coun-
trymen in attempting the subjugation of the earth?
And is he now chained, for his crimes, to a deso-
late rock in. the midst of interminable seas? Or if
not so, why not? Why is he suffered to go at
large? Why to In e in safety, unguarded by pow-
er, unawed, unoffended by man? No, sir, his only
crime is that oí hav mg secured the liberties of his
country, by arousing the nob'e spirit of his coun-
trymen against the sly and insidious attacks of a
low, stupid, pilfering despotism If he be guilty,
who is innocent? Are the freemen of this land not
as criminal as he?—they who, withoutflaggmg for a
single moment, stood by him to the last?
But, s4r who is this man thus charged? Who
was he? He was an orphan boy, poor and friend-
less And yet, b> the energy of his character and
the force of his genius, he has made the entire
cycle of public honors in the first country on the
globe, and now, at a goodly old age, he reposes
withm the peaceful precincts of his beloved Her-
mitage, with a heart still pure, a judgment unim-
paired, and a character still \ ictonous over malice
and defamation That motley rabble of British
mercenaries with arms n their hands, of British
stipenaanes with chapters m their p ckett, of poli-
tical wranglers and declaimed, who made up the
bnndle faction ot his countrj s enemies and of his
persecutors, have served only to mark by their fall,
one by one, the dates and space between the suc-
cessive victories ot truth, gemu~, and virtue, over
their antagonist principles There the old man
stands, the private citi/en in ihe furrowed fields of
rural life, his venerable form presenting the very
incarnation it triumphant patno ism His fame is
nxed, and will for ev cr íemain a  immutable to th 
touch of hostility, as are the fixed lavs of truth iO
the assault  oí falsehood You, Senatois, who
aie his friends, need no longer be concerned on his
account His character is now safe m the public
affection, and when he shall have passed down the
steep declivity of his remaining dajs, his grave
will be walled around by the hearts of his graceful
countrymen, against that vampire spirit that would
violate the toirb to glut upon his blood
And now, sir, having been thjs forced into a
digression by the injustice done to an absent man
upon this floor, I return to the matter before us
It has been said that the Bank of the United
States was never so powerful, Lecause it had been
prostiated b) President Jackson But this is an
assumption not sustained by the fact For although
the President and people were united against it,
although it had violated its chaiter, spurned the
authority of Congress, refused to be examined,
leagued with politicians, subsidized some, flattered
the ambition of others, and made panic alter panic
to subdue the spirit of the nation vet does it siand,
and though black with the e its notorious offences,
it still claims the Gov eminent of the countrv Yes,
sir, it stands, as before, the central power, control-
ling the paper sjsiem throughout What change
has bten made in any paiticular, evceptmg m the
source of ns charer? And how has even that
change been effected? Wa-> it bv the agencv of
Congress ? No, but b) that of the people ttiiough
the Executive veto, for when or where did sudi
an institution evei want influence to obtain i
íecharter through a legislative bi Iv ? And whv,
sir, is this the ca'e ? Is it not because the^e insti-
tutions re-act, as I have already said upon tneir
legislative cieatois? The bank wis aomallv re
chartered, so far as lej;i la'ive action could eflirt
it, but under what cncun stinces th s ^a<; aee m
plished, the ever en luring records of Congies= v i 1
show Before, howevei t proceed to exhirit th" e
records, in evidence 0I ih  pi vate itlitions i H
sistmg between Ihe bud and man) member  oi
the Congress which passed the renewal of its
chiller, I will read a precedent for this scruiisv
into the bmk connections of public men
On the 31stofMaich, 1834, (it was the panic
session,) this resolution was submitted bv the Se-
nator from Kentucky,  [Mr.  Ci vy,]  passed this,
body, and was afterwards satisfactorily responded lo
by Mr Taney, then Secretary of the Treasury!
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Sena!  what amount of
public money is now on deposite m the Union Bank
of Maryland, when and on what account n wafc
deposited, and also whether any Treasury drafts,
contingent or other, have been, during the month
of March, 1834, furnished to the said bank, or at
any time heretofire to the Bank of Maryland, for
anv, and « hat purpose And that he likewise report
what amount of stock in the capital of the iaid Utuon
Bank was held by R B. Taney, Esq when the said
bank was selected as one of the banks to rectme, t 
deposite, the public noney, and what artwmt ef the
stock he now holds "
Such was the resolution, such were then that
Senator's suspicions against the punty of the very
banks to which he now wishes to commit the reve-
nue, and such then his determination to probe the
bank corruptions of public men If, therefore,
these supposed connections of the Secretary with a
bank selected by him as a depository of the public
monej, were deemed so perilous to the honest dis-
charge of h s official duties as to demand investiga-
tion, it cannot be improper or un vise to inquire in-
to the private relations which the Bank of the
United Sta es coi'racted with the members of Con-
gress, of « hom it was asking a rechaner But,
sir, should any man feci agneved by such an ex-
posure, he must ascribe his misfortune to the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, who first began this inquisito-
rial purgation
In 1834, (it was the panic session,) a majority
of this body being m favor of the bank, mstructed
the Committee on Finance, which was also favo-
rable, "to imestigate the affairs and conduct" of
thai institution and that committee made, throngh
Mr Tvler of Virginia, a repon upon facts fur-
nished bv tne bank itself What, then, are the
facts thus furnished ind thus reported? Here they
ar° presented m w c Js and fig ires, giving day and
year, with all the distinctness and accuracj of the
tabular form The tab'e suppresses the names,
but exhibits the number, of the members of Con-
gress who obtained loans of the bank, and *he
amount obtained, fiom 1826 to 1834 Now, sir,
let the Senate and the nation bear it in m ti6, that
it was in his message at (he opening of the session
of 1829-30, that President Jickson announced his
objection to the renewal of the charter Prom that
moment, the renewal became the subject of politi-
cal strife, and let it never be forgotten, that it was
through Congiess the bank was to pass, or die
Few, if an}, o the members were merchants whose
business required large advances of money But
if such advances were necessarv, whv were they
not obtained from the six or eight hundred local
banks, some oí which were standing in the State,
the d strict and even at the very door of almost
everv member? Why did members pass all theses
and apply for loans to the only bank upon whose
life or death they were íequired to decide? But is
this the fact? Can it be posible that public men
could ask private favors from an institution winch*
at the same moment, was asking pubnc favors of
them? 4nd will it be believed, that both parties,
regard'ess alike of their obligations to the country
and ot the opinions of 'he world gratified the de-
sues of each othsr m ev ery particu ar, and to the
full limit of then mutual powers? Yes, th s table
answeis these que>tions and, if I mistase sot, the
answer will astt n d itiis nation it ^hows, that i 
ihe ven first }ear oí the bank contest—the year of
1330—the bank lopned one hundred and ninety-
two thousand one hundred and «¡xtv-one dollars lo
fittv two members of Consre s tint, m 1331, it
lo"n°i three hnnlied ind twenlv two thousand
one hundred aid ,. Lei^-aine dolmro io fiftj-nms
member*, that in 1833 i lomed t w hundred
pn I even'v usht thou ind rui si\t -une dollars
to *ort. it i r ncmorr that, in 1833, it loaned
il rce himdn. 1 and seventj foui thousand seven
hundredandsixtj six dolíais to fiftv eight members,
and that, in 1834, it loaned two hundred and thir-
tj eight thousand fiv e hundred and eighty-six dol-
lars to fifty two members
Thus it was, that during the five years of th«
contest, ending with the paniG sesión of 1834,
