Feb. 1838.____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________________J^r
25th Cong—2nd Sess.                              Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Allen.                                -                         Senate.
ecutive patronage, and ihe Senator from Virginia
sees in its provisions nothing but the frightful spec-
tre of political corruption. I admit the general
tendency of patronage to corrupt; and yet that Se-
nator might have given at least one example where
it had been bestowed with no meagre liberality
without corrupting the fortunate object of Execu-
tive bounty. But what is patronage, and to what
extent is it sought to be increased? It is themeans
of acting upon men by rewarding their favor; and
the bill creates but about twenty-five additional of-
ficer , with inconsiderable salaries. Thus it is,
that this patronage, which cannot extend to thirty
individuals—a number less than the one-hundredth
part of those who may be reached and controlled
by the patronage of the smallest bank in the Union;
this patronage is denounced as dangerous, by the
very men who are now seeking, by their amendato-
ry substitute, to arm the Executive with the whole
banking system of the country; with an absolute
power over the whole currency; over the property,
the labor, and the very subsistence of the entire
body of the people! Can men who are struggling
to confer powers so omnipotent as these, be sincere
in their apprehensions of danger from the paltry pa-
tronage created in the bull
But the first oí the twa principal features of the
bill incurs the hostility of the Senator from Virgi-
nia, as affording insufficient security for the safety
of the revenue. What, then, is this feature? It
provides that the sworn and responsible officers of
Government—they who have always collected the
public dues—shall, aided by a few others named
in the bill, continue to collect them; shall keep
them safely till appropriated by law; shall give
ample security; shall not use or loan a dollar; all
upon the penalty of their bonds, of imprisonment
for year's, and of eternal degradation as men.
Thus all the safeguards that can impose restraint
on human agency are provided; and if these are
insufficient—if pecuniary and corporeal terrors,
with the certainty of personal debasement—if all
these afford no guarantee for the rectitude of hu-
man conduct, then man can no longer confide in
man, and all popular government must end.
Why, if officers cannot be trusted with the care of
the revenue for a week or a month, till drawn for
the public service, why trust them with its collec-
tion m the first instance? and why trust other
officers with its final disbursement? If agents
appointed by the people, from among the people,
to transact the affairs of the people, and responsi-
ble to the people, are unv,-orthy of the people's con-
fidence; and if, also, bank agents, appointed by
tanks, interested in banks, and responsible only to
banks; if such men are alone worthy to be en-
trusted with the public income, why not give them
¡is collection and disbursement? Why not deliver
all public property to them—place them over your
fleets and armips—give them, in a word, the govern-
ment of your country? No, sir, these apprehen-
sions for the safety of the national treasure, in
possession of the sworn and responsible officers
of the Government, cannot be sincere, without
gentlemen solemnly believe the representative
principle of the Constitution radically impotent,
without they deem revolution plainly inevitable,
and therefore desire to substitute the banks for the
people as the source of political power. For, how
can men, who believe the Constitution adequate to
all the ends of Government—how can they look
the country in the face, and declare the revenue
more safe in the hands of banks, expressly autho-
rized by law to use it, than in those of officers positive-
ly forbidden to touch a dollar, under the penalty of
forfeiture, imprisonment, and dishonor? From
what part of the conduat of banks and bankers, is
such a concl avion to be drawn ? Is it from the fact
th?.t they have already seized millions of your
fund*, píacpd for safety in their vaults—that they
still retain them, and now demand of Government
its future revenues, as the sole condition upon which
they will pay their debts either to the Government
or the people? Is it for these reasons that banks
are again to be trusted ?
To this feature of the bill, however, the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] urges another
and a very different objection. He is alarmed at
the strong boxes, the bars, and the bolts—the very
means intended to increase the security of the pub-
lic money. These cumbrous fixtures of Gothic
barbarism offend his taste, affright his fancy, and
shock, most deeply, his nervous sensibility. And
yet that Senator can contemplate all the parts of
this dreadful apparatus without terror or emotion,
if it be but found in the vault of a bank. In such
a cavern, he .«eems composed and at home; there, in
that subterraneous abode of all honesty and of all
innocence, his imagination can rove, unappalled,
through the chillpd darkness and the dense vapor,
and catch, and hang, and lounge, and repose, upon
bars, and bolts, and locks, andhinges, swinging the
ponderous door to close the iron entrance, tfts
fright in the one case is equalled by nothing but
his courage in the other; and if, in the one instance,
his respiration-is difficult, in the other, he "breathes
deeper and freer."
Yes, it was the Treasury order, the hostile action
of the Government, that brought the banks to the
ground, by impairing the public confidence. Such
is the charge, but what is the fact? All are aware
that, until within the last few years, no bank ever
dared to disccunt beyond the aggregate of its capital
and deposites. What, then, was the case at the
time of suspension? The Treasury, order had
long been issued; and yet, in the face of that or-
der, and in defiance of its effects, the ba:iks had
discounted a hundred millions of dolíais beyond
the united total of their capital and deposites, both
public and private. Such, sir, was then the public
confidence, anf such the imbecility of the order,
that the banks were able thus to levy an extra tax
upon the people, equal to the interest upon a hun-
dred millions of ideal capital—a capital existing no
where, based upon nothingbut the incautious credu-
lity of the country. And now, sir, the banks having
expanded their dr-counts, and with them expanded
the public confidence, until the very excess of that
confidence has laid the whole system in ruin?, we
are told, told to our faces, told in the presence of
these facts, that the system caved in under the
pressure of the Treasury order! This we are told
with the bank tables before lis, and whilst these
tables exhibit an expansion of loans and discounts,
after the promulgation, and in despite of the order,
such as the banks of no other country, nor our
own banks at any former period, ever dared to at-
tempt.
No, sir, the explosion of the banks was natural
and inevitable. The Treasury order neither quick-
ened nor retarded the catastrophe. Its only effect
was to break the violence of ihe shock, and to cir-
cumscribe the extent of the nun. The connections
of the banks, instead of being confined within the
circle of commerce and trade, had become so uni-
versal and intense with all the parts of society, as
to compel men to silence their own apprehensions,
and to express confidence, which they did not feel,
in the solvency of the system. The supervisory
control of public opinion was withdrawn; the sys-
tem, therefore, acknowledged no responsibility to
law, because no law could be enforced against it.
It had grown beyond its natural limits, without the
power cf receding; and from the moment that it
passed the point where public vigilance gave way
to public credulity, the system was hurried on to its
fall by its own momentum.
Well, the banks are prostrate, the public con-
fidence is withdrawn, and now what remains to be
done? We are told that this Government, though
without power to control them, without authority to
interpose in their ¡iflairs, must, neveitheless, restore
that confidence by law—restore it, first, by recen ing
their bills as money, and then returning those bills
for the use of the banks. Thus the Governmcn' is
asked not only to bestow its own confidence upon
these corporations, by receiving bills as money
known to be worth less than money, and by depo-
siting its funds for safety in bunks known to be un-
safe; but it is likewise asked to compel ihe people
to acknowledge the solvency of instituí ons admit-
ted to be bankrupt. And, sir, this confidence oí
the Government, and of the country, is demanded
for the banks by the. very same men who are pro-
claiming to the people that they should repose no
confidence in the Government itself, or in their own
virtue and ability to select the officers of Go-
vernment.    But what act of Congress, or of the
Executive, could restore public confidence in these
institutions? None, sir, none: the minds of free-
men are not the subjects of legislative coercion;
their judgments will never be forced by law apon
falsehood in the very presence of opposing truth.
You may declare the confidence of Congress Ú 
the solvency and honesty of all these corporations,
but such a declaration will neither be true nor
effective; and, if it could thus control the public
judgment, as is asked and expected, it would be a
legislative fraud upon the people, and an act of de-
liberate treachery to the country.
The second and last cardinal feature of the bill
before us:—what is it, and what does it propose?
Does it propose, as has been assumed in debate, an
immediate collection of all the revenue in metal?
No: it provides for the receipt, after one year, of
one-sixth part only in specie, and then a propor-
tionate annual increase of metal for the six succeed-
ing years; after which, no note  are receivable.
This, with the deposite feature, constitutes the
whole of the bill called the Sub-Treasury; and it is
for such a bill that the substitute has been submit-
ted by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Rives.]
And now, what are the features and principles of
this substitute?
It first assumes that there are two currencies in
the country, one better than the other; that ¡he peo-
ple and the Government are two separate and hos-
tile bodies; and that the latter seeks to appropriate
to itself the better currency, and to force the less
valuable upon the former; and having assumed
such to be the facts,and such the design of the Go-
vernment, the substitute then proceeds to defeat this
design, by forcing the inferior currency on both Go-
vernment and people. Well, sir, metallic money
is admitted, the world over, to be the only standard
of value for labor and property. If, therefore, it
be true, that paper h less valuable, then that fact
is a reason conclusive, not only against its receipt
as money by the Government, but also against the
banking system itself, by which such paper is im-
posed upon the community.
But how stands the other proposition, so repeat-
, edly urged by the mover and by the friends of the
substitute? Is it true that the people and the Go-
vernment are distinct and hostile bodies? It will
be admitted, I presume, that the men of America,
acting through their State agencies, created the Go-
vernment; it will not be questioned that they elect
its officers, supply its revenues, and prescribe its
policy; nor will it be denied that they, the men, are,
in fact, the Government itself. What, then, does
the Senator from Virginia mean by the term people,
as a body distinct from, and hostile to, the Govern-
ment? Í will seek his meaning in the tendency of
hi  argument, and in the character of the authority
he pressed into his service.
That Senator, sir, has commended the genius,
and invoked to his aid the opinions of Mr. Burke.
I, too, acknowledge, in many respecis, the just au-
thority of that transcendant intellect; nor do I with-
hold from the memory of the man that sacred respect
which is due from an American to the memory of
one whose life and actions, though an Englishman
and at home, had a bearing upon the Revolutiona-
ry struggle of our fathers, by no means unfriendly
to us success. But still, the writings and sentiments
of Mi. Burke were those of a monarchist. He had
been recred amidst,and died devoted to, themmar-
chical system of Great Britain, and of Europe. If
his objections to ihe abuses of that system were
great, his fears from its overthrow were yet greater;
and it cannot be disguised that, as he declined in the
%aie of yeats, his mind took refuge in those
vcrv abuses, from (he terrors of the French
revo'uiion. It was then that he sought to
check those liberal principles to which his earlier
life had been devoted: it was then, when the insur-
gent spirit aim iis¡;>'~ power of an oppressed people
ihie.v.encd the very existence oí monarchy; it was
then that he came forward as a politician and as
an author, to repress that spirit, and resist that
power. The same philosophical temper of mind
which rendered him timid as a statesman, amid the
convulsive action of masses, ultimately led him in
search of some abstract principle upon which to
rest his opposition to all popular movements. It
was  then,  and   with   this  view,   that   in   his
