April 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cong--"2nd Sess.
Exploring Expedition—Mr. Crary.
263
H. of Reps.
Sir, said Mr. B. as it relates to this most extraor-
dinary proposition to pull down and rebuild the
new Treasury building, the reason? which hare
just been so forcibly urged against the measure by
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Pickens]
who last addressed the committee, render it unne-
cessary for me to add any thing more on that head.
Ths honorable member from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Lincoln] who is a most zealous advocate of the
measure proposed, has fully acquitted the Presi-
dent ot the United .Sf.les from any and all blame
whatever in the uii-c instruction of this building.
Mr. B. himself wished to go one step further in this
matter. He wished every friend of the Adminis-
tration to refrain from assuming any portion of ihe
responsibility of this waste of the public money. If
this project was to be persisted m, he was desirous
that the Opposition should take upon themselves
the whole credit of ihe measure, and the responsi-
bility of tha waste of the public money; for, should
this project be carried out, it would hereafter be
referred lo as one of the gross follies of this Admi-
nistration, and a waste oí the money of the people.
The proposition now pending before the committee
is to strike out the enacting clause of the bill.
Should this proposition fail, and there should seem
to be a determination to pass the bill, Mr. B. re-
marked that he might feel it his duty to offer an
amendment to the bill, providing that the building
shall be erected in the cny of Cmeinnaii or Louis-
ville, in view of the removal of the seat of the Ge-
neral Government west of the Alleghany moun-
ains.
Sir, said Mr. B. if we are to pull down the work
of one architect, upon fault being found by another
architect who may want aproStable job, there will
be no end to putting up and pulling down of public
works. The first reasons that 1 heard assigned for
pulling down the new Treasury building were
given by gentlemen of taste, upon the ground that
the building, when completed, would obstruct the
view of the President's House from a certain quar-
ter of the city; but these reasons not being consi-
dered quite sufficient of themselves, it is now as-
sumed that the building will fall down under its
own weight.
EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
HEM ARKS OF MR.  CRAiW.
Of Michigan.
In, Ike ffoti-e of Representatives, April 10, 1838—
On the motion to reduce the amount of the ap-
propriation for the naval service, for the purpose
of putting an end to the South Sea Exploring
Expedition.
Mr. CRARY said he did not know what could
be the object of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Mercer,] in bringing the character of Commodore
Jones into this discussion. Prom the correspond-
ence between that officer and ¡he Navy D;parl-
raeut, every gentleman in ihe Hou.^e would form
his own opinion. The gentleman from Vitgmia
might come lo one conclusion, and Mr. C. to a
very different one. No one had yet attacked the
character of Commodore Jones; but if the matter of
eulogy was to be carried any farther, there were
those who would attack it. Mr. C. was of the
number; but in so doing, he had no wish to
take from Comrnod->re Jones any of the laurels he
had won for past services. He could join in praise
of them with as much good will as the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. C. said that the law of 1836 declared the ob-
jsct of Shis expedition. It was to visit the Pacific
ocean and the Soulh seas, and when there, it was
tu be employed in surveying and exploring. It was
advocated by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mi. Reed,] on the ground of the immense amount
of our commerce in those seas. It was said by lhat
gentleman, and another gentleman from the same
Míale, [Mr. Phillips,] that we had constantly em-
ployed there some four hundred and fifty vessels
m the whale fishery; lhat this fleet was manned by
tipwards of ten thousand men, and cost, wnh their
ouifit, about twelve millions of dollars, and were
stiuiated to be worth, when their voyages were
ompieted, twenty millions of dollars.   This expe-
dition was designed to aid this com merce, by pro-
curing regular maps and charts of those regions; by
ascertaining the character of the tides, current'-, and
dangerous reefs; by establishing permanent relations
with places where our trade was now limitied and
uncertain; by seeking for, and restoring to, their
homes and families, those American seamen who
had been un<ortunately left or cast away upon
shore? inhabiied by a race of savages; and, inciden-
tal to all these objects, it was expected that some
attention would be paid to the great cause of natu-
i til history and science generally.
After much discussion, the advocates ot the mea-
sure succeeded in convincing the EL use of its im-
portance. The Executive was authorized to send
out "a sloop of war and such ether smaller vessels
as might be necessary and proper, to render the ex-
pedition efficient and useful." President Jackson,
in consequenceof the past conduct of Captain Jones,
called lnm to the command. The conduct of this
officer from that time plainly manifested that his ob-
ject was to make this a great and magnificent expe-
dition, such as should secure to him lasting renown,
and give him, not only a great and dazzling name
among his own countrymen, but with the whole
civilized world. He looked for his recompense in
a wreath of amaranth. Had he confined his views
simply to the objects proposed by ihe House, the
squadron might have been at sea long ago. But
this would not satisfy his ambition and his vanity.
He must have a body guard of scientific men from
ail "of the most celebrated institutions of the coun-
try" to catch birds and flies, loads and fishes. This
was ail very pretty. There were men in the coun-
try who would be delighted with an account of the
butterflies that sip the nectar of the flowers that
spring up on coral rocks, or of the plumage of a
bird that spreads it wings over a far off sea. It was
very well to take advantage of so favorable an op-
portunily to augment the stores of science, but that
object should have been only incidental and subor-
dinate to the great purpose of the squadron, which
was that of surveying'and exploring in the latitudes
of an almost unknown sea.
Mr. C. said that he was not originally in favor
of this expedition, because he thought vv.e had other
and more important objects lo attend to nearer
home. He wished to have the survey of our own
oast completed, so that the attentien of the Go-
vernment might be turned to ihe great lakes and
rivers of the ¡menor. Judging from what had
already been done, the survey of the coast by
tnangalation would not be ¡trminated in the life
time of the man at the head of that business; even
though he should live the full period of a century,
lis knevv that there we-e men in the country am-
ply qualified tu take a leading part ;n this great
work, and he wished to see them brought forward,
that they might remove from it the veil of mystery.
It was but a science, and could be learned by any
school boy w.'h a few months of application.
He thought the blame ¡or the delay of the
expedition lay between the Secretary of the Navy
;«nd Commodore Jones The Secretary was ihe
o^lens.Me head of the Navy Department; but ifhe
were to express the opinion that he had often male
known to his particular friends, he should say that
the Department had not any head at all. That
officer had plainly shown himself not competent to
his place by allowing himself to be rode over by
the commander of a squadron; and it was Mr. C's
belief that the sooner he retired to the walks rf
private life, the better it would be for the naval
service. For his own part he believed the fault
was chargeable on them both. Sure he was that
Commodore Jones had given the expedition a too
scientific character.
[Mr. Mercer here interposed, and said that
Commodore Jones had no more to do in fixing tu:
scientific charae'er of the expedition man the gen-
tlemen from Michigan.]
Mr. C. resumed, and reminded the gentleman
from Virginia and the House that Commodore
Jones had made it a sine qtia rum that no one of
the commanders of the smaller vessels should have
a scientific duty assigned lo him. As early as the
fall of 1836, the Commodore threaiened to resign,
because the Secretary of the Navy intimated an
intention to appoint Lieutenant Siideli to a com-
mand, and at the sairie time confer on him the
office of historiographer. At a later period, he
had been greatly outraged in his feelings, because
Lieutenant Glynn was offered, anil accepted, the
appo ntment of geogi apfier and hydrograpfeer.
[Mr. Mercer here again insisted that the en-
largement of the objects of the expedition had not,
in any sense, been the act of Com nodore Jones.]
Mr; C. would not say that the Commodore bad
been the cause of the change, but such was his
opinion. It was certain that it was made to con-
form to the views expressed by him in a letter to
Mr. Reynolds, written when the expedition was
under consideration in this? House. There was a
wonderful similarity between the views expressed
in that letter, and those which had inf uc-nce in
getting up the squadron.
It had been said that the commander of the
squadron -was not chargeable with the defective
construction of the smaller vessels. This fault
had been very unjustly ascribed to the chief
naval constructor. This officer acted under spe-
cial instructions, and he prepared his draughts
accordingly. Mr. C. did not know who gave
these instructions, but he presumed they came
from Commodore Jones, as it was an order
of the Department that his wishes should be con-
sulted, and his suggestions adopted, in every thing
pertaining to the construction, arrangement, arma-
ment, and equipment, of the vessels, as far as cir-
cumsiances would psrmit. Mr. C. believed that it
was a matter of record that the two brigs and the
schooner were planned agreeablv to the sugges-
tions, and built under the superintendence, ef Com-
modore Jones. At any rate, he had exhibited as
strong an affection for them as though they were
his own children. He had labored in season and
out of season, to convince the public that they were
well adapted to the serv.ee in which they were to
be employed. He had forced Lieutenant Tainall
to tender his resignation of the command of the
Pioneer, in consequence of his having expressed
the opinion, formed by a cruise among the reefs
and currents of the Gulf of Mexico, that she
"steered badly when sailing over six knots," and
was unable "to claw eff a lee shore in a short head
sea." The sailing qualities of these bankings of
the Commodore had been tested during the past
winter. The two brigs had formed a part of our
coast squadien. The Pioneer got ashore in the
sound, and had a number of her men severely
frostbitten. The Consort returned to port, after a
cruise of fifteen days, with a loss of her rr.ain-
yard, topgallant-mast, and one man killed, who
was thrown upon deck by her breachina-t" against
her helm. Lieutenant Glynn, a gallant officer, a
good seaman, and a man of science, w« in com-
mand of her, and in his report of the cruise to
Commodore Ridgeiy he says:
"Off the wind with any sea on the Consort i«
dangerous, and should never be aliened to go over
six knots; at seven knots she became unmanageable,
and, I think, could not possiblv !-e made 'o go
eight knots, while drawing more man twelve
feet water; for her short and full water lines, par-
ticularly abaft, make so much wake, that from £•. c
knots and upwards the rudder plays in more t r
less dead water; and thus its influence is diminisL-
ing till it ceases to be the principal diieciing power.
Her full of the body and low transom i;i.>rd a ft.i -
hold for a sea coming up with her; while her war
of length allows her to be swung round ,ts upon a
pivot. In scudding, therefore, long before she bid
attamed a velocity sufficient to diminish peicepti-
blv the violence of the following sea, s'ie wet Id lo
bleached 'o, or brought by the lee. * * ' *
It would be impos'-'ible to drag her off a !ec si o e i'"
there was any thing of a sea on. While lying-t-' 
on the 29fh of January, she pitched every thing be-
yond the knight heads under water, aad earned
away the foretop-gal'aiit mast. Any attorns t at
that time to force the vessel through ihe wate1- tu-
cán ymg the sqare-saiis must soon have tcrmh atu1
in the loss of her masb; p.nd I was quite satisfKi i>
she was ever fairly caught within twenty mites <f
a lee shore in a gale of half as many hoary' dura-
tion, she must have been inevitable w.^ckp-j."'
And yet ihese are the rersels tiirt  wire   i.   . ■'
plore and survey the islands and leeíi <.¡  v-<    EV
