Mar. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2ÚS
2Jth Cong-•••2nd Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
thereafter the extent of its power over that subject,
and to what objects the funds should be applied,
(that was Us real character,) there was the least
danger that, m a few years, the whole revenue of
the country would become an object of scramble
among the various sections; in which the struggle
would be, who should get moit, without any refer-
ence to the public good. As to the bank, placed
in the circumstances in which I and those with
whom I acted were, I do not now see how we could
have acted differently, even with our present «xpe-
nence. The time for reformation in reference to
the currency had not then arrived; and any attempt
at reform would have proved abortive.
But I offer not what I have said as a justifica-
tion, I acknowledge we all departed, in a greater
or less degree, from the stern and rigid principles of
the party, and the true policy of ths Government,
and well have we paid the penalty. It has taught
me a lesson never to be forgotten; and I now call
on the younger and more inexperienced members
of the party, as I then was, to profit by our exam-
ple Avoid, as you would the greatest evil, the
least departure from principle, however harmless
and innocent it may at the time appear to be. The
smallest departure may prove to be an entering
wedge, and others, differing from you in views and
principles, will drive the measure farther than you
ever contemplated, just as we have seen our old
opponents seize on the tariff, internal improvement,
and the bank, to overthrow onr principles and to
establish their ow n. Never cease to bear m mind
that ours 1  a limited Government, with specific
powers, and that if the prescribed line be passed
ever so little, there is no fixing any limits to the
encroachments of power
Nor is the period of which I am speaking the
only one in which success has caused departure
from the principles and policy of our party. The
vast revenue, which the protective tariff placed at
the disposal of the Government, had the effects on
those in power which might have been anticipated.
They no longer relied on punciples as the means
of preserving their ascendency. The patronage
and resources of the Government were deemed
sufficient for that purpose, and many measures
were adopted, which will hereafter be regarded as
great and dangerous departures from the creed of
the part>, and which have done more to reconcile
the people to the principles and policy of our oppo-
nents, and to w eaken their confidence in ours, than
all other causes put together.
As to myself, each revolving year impre>sts me
deeper and deeper with the truth and wisdom of
the old Virginia school of politics. She was
blessed, when this Government went into opera-
tion, with leaders of the clearest discernment and
purest patriotism, the Jeffersons, the Taylors, the
Itoanes, and many others, who had formed the
most just conception ot our system of Government,
and the policy to be pursued to preserve it. I had,
from my earliest years, imbibed a strong attach-
ment for that school. Indeed, I may say, it was
inherited by me. But I never realized to the full
extent the depths of its wisdom, and the vast im-
portance of adhering rigidly to its maxims, till ex-
perience, and the reflection ©f riper and more ad-
\ anced years, taught me. And here is the broad
line of distinction between the Senator and myself,
v hich he, with all his ingenuity, cannot obliterate
He belongs, and always has, to another and an op-
posite school, which, to designate by its most dis-
tinguished leader, may be called the school of
Hamilton , a man distinguished for his great abdi-
ties, perfect frankness, and ardent patriotism, but
v no was decidedly inferior to Mr. Jefferson in
genius, the power of original thinking, and the
clearness and depth of his conception of the true
nature and character of onr Government. Be-
longing, as we do, and ever have, to schools so di-
verse, our agreement has been casual, while oui
difference has been habitual and fundamental,
both as to the nature and character of our Govern-
ment, and the policy it ought to pursue, and which
has plated us opposite to each other on the pre-
sent, and most of the other great questions which
have been agitated in our time.
He sees m the success of the present question
the advancement of the principles and policy to
which I am devoted, and in its defeat the advance-
ment of his own, hence our difference, and the ar-
dor of the present conflict—a conflict of opposing
systems, in which, as one or the other may prevail,
the future destiny of the country will be perma-
nently influenced. The separation of the political
and moneyed power will give a lasting ascendency
to the political school to which I belong, and their
union to that of the Senator.
He is right in fixing on 1825 as the year when
my views in relation to the principles and charac-
ter of the Government became firmly fixed and
settled. It was then I took my seat m the chair
which you, sir, now occupy. I had devoted the
seven preceding years laboriously to the duties of
the War Department, which I found in a state of
complete disorder, and which so engrossed my at-
tention as to lpave me little leisure to attend to the
general politics of the country. The change of of-
fice gave me both time and opportunity to view
more minutely the general operations of the Go-
vernment, which I did not neglect. I soon saw the
incipient state of those disorders, which had then
just hegun to develope themselves, and the causes
in which they originated, as well as the fearful
consequences to which they threatened to lead.
This indued me to make a careful review and ex-
amination of the principles of the Government. I
went to the source, the Kentucky resolutions and
the Virginia resolutions and report, which I care-
fully investigated, in all the.r bearings I then
turned my attention more carefully to the investi-
gation of the character and tendency of what was
called, at the time, the American system, and saw
clearly its oppressive, corrupting, and dangerous
tendency I took a firm stand agmst it. Since
then, my life has been one mce--.ant struggle to
maintain 01 restore the principles and policy of the
old State rights Republican party, rugardlebs of all
personal consequences. Duung this long period of
thirteen years of continued action, amidst the
most trying scenes, I may bid defiance to the most
rigid scrutiny to point out the slightest variation
m my course, or the least departuie from the prin-
ciples or doctrines of the pelitical school to which I
belong. I may be accused of carrying my prin-
ciples too far, or of adhering too rigidly to my
doctrines, but of the opposite fault none have ven
tured to accuse me My adherence to them has
never waiered under the greatest difficulties or dan-
gei If, then, I erred in common with the great
body of the party, under the circumstances which I
have explained, I, at leas', hate long since made,
I trust, ample amends. If I hat e done any thing
to contribute to the common erro-s of the period
immediately subsequent to the late war, I have
done far more, I hope, towards their correction,
and the restoiation of the principles and doctrines
which our party profess, as weh a-- to arrest the
ascendency of the opposite To this great object,
which, I solemnly believe, involves our liberty and
the perpetuation ol our popular and free institu-
tions, I have det oted mv life
REMARKS OF MR. CALHOUN,
Of South Cvrolini.
In Senate, Mm ch 24,  1838—On ordering the bill to
separate the Government from banks to a third
reading, after the specie section had been stricken
out, on motion of Mr Cothbert.
Mr CALHOUN said, as late as it was, (near 10
o'clock at night,) and fatigued and exhausted as the
Senate must be after sitting ten houis, he was com-
pelled to intrude himself on then patience. The
question was on the engrossment of the bill, and as
he could not dossibly vote foi it m the shape it had
assumed, he was constrained to assign his reasons
but he would do it in the te west words possible. He
said he was most anxious to vole foi the measure.
He had taken the deepest interest m it, and felt
most solicitous for its success, and if he thought that
the bill, as amended, advanced the great cause for
which he had been so earnestly contending, one
inch, he would give it his vote But such was not
his impression On the contrary, he believed that
it was an entire surrender of the cause He would
go further—it was  a íetrograde movement, and
would leave the cause in a worse condition than it
was. So far from a divorce from the banks and a
return to the constitutional currency, the bill, as it
stood, would virtually restore the deposite bank sys-
tem again, with some features more objectionable
than it formerly possessed, which he would now
proceed to show.
On the motion of the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Cothbert,] the 23d section, which provides
for the collection of the dues of the Government in
specie, was struck out, with the aid of a few on this
side, and the entire opposition to the divorce on the
other. That section provided for the repeal of the
joint resolution of 1816, which authoriües the re-
ceipt of bank notes as cash in the dues of the public.
Tne effects of this will be, should the bill pass in
its present shape, that the Government will collect
ns revenue and make its disbursements exclusively
in bank notes, as it did before the suspension took
place in May last Things will stand precisely as
they did then, with but a single exception, that the
public deposites will be made with the officers of
the Government instead of the banks, under the
provision of the deposite act of 1836 Thus far is>
certain. All agree that such is the fact, and such
the effect of the passage of this bill as it stands.
Now, he intended to show conclusively, that the
difference between depositing the public money
with the public officers, or with the banks them-
selves, was merely nominal, as far as the operation
and profits of the banks were concerned; that they
would not make one cent less profit, or issue a
single dollar less, if the deposites be kept by the of-
ficers of the Government instead of themselves,
and, of course, that the system would be equally
subject to expansions and contractions, and equally
exposed to catastrophes like the present, in the 9ne,
as the other, mode of keeping. He spoke of bank
profits and bank issues generally, as derived from
the deposite of public money—the aggregate profits
and issues of all banks, without reference to the
distribution of the profits under the one or the other
mode of keeping the public money He would
show, m a word, tnat ttie bill w ould no more di-
torce the Government from the banks, in relation
to the deposites, than it would as it now stood, as
to receiving their notes, and giving them credit and
circulation as cash, in its dues and disbursements,
and that it would unite them as effectually in re-
spect to both, as they were before the suspension in
May Although the assertion might excite some
surprise at first, it would be very easy to make
plain every word he had said
The profit which the banks derive from the pub-
lic deposites, when their own notes were collected
and deposited, as would be the case if the bill
passed in its present form, arises from the with-
drawing of their note-- from circulation. While
their notes are in deposite, they are as completely
w ithdrawn irom circula'ion for the time as it burnt
or destroyed , and the w ithdrawal makes a vacuum
to that extent m the circulation, which has to be
filled up by new discount , and, of course, increased
business and profits, and this was equally true
whether the notes withdrawn were deposited in
certain banks, as under the deposite act of '36, or
in the hands of recett ers general, and other Exe-
eutue officers, as proposed by this bill The profit
depended, in no degree, on the fact xchen their
notes w ere deposited but on the amount withdrawn,
and the length of lime they were kept stii ofcirculation.
The larger ihe amount withdrawn, and the longer
kept out, the greater the business and profi's of
the bank^ Nor can the issues exceed the sum
necessaty to lili the vacuum occasioned by the
deposites, whether they be made with the banks
themselves, or the officers of Government. When
the \ acuum occasioned by the withdrawal is filled,
whateter exceeds that must return on ihe banks,
without regard to the place of deposite, and check
farther issue* It follows clearly from all this, that
the deposite of the public funds, if collected in
bank notes (as proposed by the bill as it now un-
fortunateiv stands amended) in the custody of the
public officers, would not ¡u the least affect the
discounts and the business ol the banks They
would b« as great as d deposited with the banks,
and would keep the circulation of bank notes as
much expanded, and subject to as man) fluctaa-
