April" 1838.____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________________t&t
25th Cons""2nd Sess.______________________Public Printing—Mr. Drorngoole.                                                              H. of Rep®.
sustained and justified an inTestigation into the
conduct of the public printer, and into the manner
in which the duties of his office were discharged,
he would barely advert to a remark made by his
colleague [Mr. Wise] on yesterday. He spoke of
the spirit of the resolution (my amendment) and
the spirit in which it was offered. That the in-
quiry asked by me, said Mr. D. is not improper in
its spirit, its tendency, or its purpose, a mere re-
ference to the fact that it elicited the ready and
unqualified avowal of support from my colleague
himself, ought to be received for conclusive proof
as to him. As regards my«elf, sir, I trust I mani-
fested no improper spirit, and was guilty of no
indecorous conduct.
1 endeavored, on that occasion, as I always do,
to observe decorum and propriety, and to conform
to the rules of the House. Whether an officer of
this House discharges his duties faithfully, and
complies honestly with the terms and conditions of
his appointment, is unquestionably a fair and pro-
per subject of inquiry. Surely it will not be denied,
or even doubted, that the House of Representatives
may supervise an officer of their own appointment,
and examine whether the office itself is correctly
administered. Neither the power to examine, or
the propriety of exercising it, can be questioned. If
the information sought could only serve to gratify
party spleen, then it would be vain, and idle, and
useless, to pursue it; if it could only serve to harass
an innocent and faithful officer, and inflict a wound
upon honorable and sensitive pride of feeling, then
to urge the investigation would be wanton cruelty.
But public and paramount considerations require a
full disclosure of all the suspicious circumstances
connected with the subject of the printing, and they
demand that any information obtained shall be ap-
plied to useful and practical purposes.
If, Mr. Speaker, tha fact shall be disclosed that
the individual elected printer hold the office nomi-
nally only, performs none of its duties, and yet re-
ceives a certain stipulated profit, dependent on no
contingency whatsoever, does he not palpably and
shamefully enjoy a sinecure at our hands?   If he
receives a fixed and certain sum, and allows or
agrees for others, in consideration of this sum paid
to him by them,  to perform all the business of the
office and receive the entire proceeds, and they also
realize profits, is it not strong presumptive, if not
conclusive, evidence that the rates paid for print- i
ing are extravagant, and that they ought to be re- i
duced.   The question also is suggested whether the |
public printer can farm,  let  otó,  or   depute,  the :
business   of his   office?   And   if he   can,   whe- i
iher an agreement that  the person deputed must I
pay a certain,  fixed, and in no way contingent |
sum, and for the same be allowed to receive the '
entire proceeds of the office, whatever they may be, |
is it not a question whether such an agreement is |
not immoral, fraudulent, corrupt, void? Nay, more: i
Does not the transfer of the entire business and pro- j
ceeds of an office for a certain and fixed sum, in- |
volve the disgiaceful and criminal offence of selling \
an office?   If there was an agreement or under- ¡
standing subsisting prior to the consummation of ¡
the election, that one of the parties was to stand ¡
the successful applicant, and that there should be a i
joint participation in the proceeds of the office ob- ¡
tained, a division of the spoils, does not such an I
agreement also come within the  English statute |
against the sale of offices, the provisions and prin- !
wples of which have, 1 believe, been generally in-
troduced into this country?
In every aspect of the case, ineverypointofview,
a full development of all the facts and circum-
stances is requisite. Rumors, and suspicions,
and doubts, ought to be made to give way
to ascertained and established truths. I have not,
said Mr. D. any personal knowledge of the matter.
But let all be disclosed—let nothing be concealed—
integrity and honor will scorn concealment—they
will eagerly embrace every opportunity for their
vindication. If improprieties are detected—if cor-
rupt practices are exposed to view, we may per-
haps be able to devise an adequate remedy for
their present correction, and an efficient precaution
against their future recurrence. Let us, however,
look at this matter in one other point of view. An
individual seeks an office—he requests and permits
his immediate friends and supporters to recommend
him as qualified and competent: he suc-
ceeds. In the sequel, it appears that he was in no
wise prepared to perform the duties of the office;
that from his condition and circumstances he could
not possibly perform them; that he had sought the
office, from a combined desire of pecuniary and
political speculation; that he did not intend, at the
time, to execute the business connected with the
appointment, but designed to transfer it to others
for pay. In the eyes of all honorable men, would
not such an individual appear, unmasked, an impu-
dent and unprincipled impostor? And what ought
to be the mortification and chagrin of honorable,
but deceived and disappointed, friends?
Mr. D. repeated, that the conduct of an officer of
the Hoo.se was a proper subject of investigation—
that it was perfectly fair and legitimate to inquire
how he had performed his duty. Indeed, he had
heard of no objection from any quarter, except
that he understood that the nominal printer himself
very sirongly objected. This, said Mr. D. is very
natural.
Now, sir, said Mr. D. in reference to other topics
embraced in the amendment, what was proposed?
It was proposed to ascertain the amSunt of expen-
diture incurred in consequence of the appointment
of certain select committees of investigation. It is
not designed or intended to cast any, the slightest,
reflection upon these committees: the purpose is
to show how various items of expenditure have
been incurred by the action of those committees,
and thereby explain, to some extent, the cause of
the augmented expenses of this Hou=e. It is to
an improper and erroneous proceeding of this
House, and of course I embrace all, without dis-
tinction of party, who hare concurred in clothing
committees with general and indefinite powers,
that very heavy portions of our expenses is to be
ascribed. It is known, «aid Mr. D. that I have
uniformly opposed authorizing our committees to
send for, and requite, the attendance of any
and every citizen throughout the «-hole community,
at their mere will. He believed that the commit-
tees placed an improper construction en the power
to send for persons, when they interpreted it to
mean an authority to issue a subpoena to compel the
attendance of witnesses. Tnere appeared to his
mind a clear distinction between the act of sending
for a person to give information to a committee,
and the power of issuing a compulscry process re-
quiring the presence of a witness to be examined
upon oath. Let it not be said that the mere au-
thority to send for persons is vain and useless, and
can answer no practical purpose. It is to be pre-
sumed that every good and creditable citizen is
ever ready, voluntarily, to impart any information
in his possession deemed useful to his Government
or his country. Nor let it be said, that we have no
security that statements, mails by persons attending,
by request, will be full and cot rect. It is the solemn
duty of a person undersuch circumstances to tell the
truth; it is the unquestioned right of ¡he House to
seek, through the organ of a committee, pertinent
and useful information; and he who shall suppress
the truth, give false and delusive statements, pre-
varicate or equivocate, trifles with the authority of
the House, is guilty of contempt, and may be pun-
ished. Mr. D. said that he wholly denied that
under the expression ,: to send for persons," was
covered the power to issue subpoenas; and he fur-
ther denied that the House couid, by express giant,
delegate any such power. A subpeena is a
peremptory command, under a penalty, to attend
and testify. No person will pretend that a com-
mittee can exact a penalty, or inflict a punish-
ment, for contempt. A subpanu from a committee,
therefore, is quite an idle and impotent process.
The rules adopted for our government, said Mr.
D. expressly provide that subpoenas are to issue by
order of this House, and are to be signed by the
presiding officer. The Manual to which we have
always referred as authority, and which ha« lately
been adopted by express order, stales explicitly
that subpoenas for witnesses shall not be issued in
blank, and refers to authority to sustain it. This
he believed was the long established and invariable
practice of the British House of Commons, from
which we derive all our parliamentary precedents.
When a member proposes that a witness shall be
required to attend and testify, he is caused to name
the witness to the House, and sometimes perhaps
•to state the importance and materiality of the ex-
pected testimony.
[Mr. Garland of Virginia said, that as he was
a member of the first investigating committee re-
ferred to in the amendment proposed by his hono-
rable colleague, and its chairman, it was proper
that he should state, that when he was first applied,
to to issue a subpoena for a witness, he declined,
and sent the subpoena to the Speaker, who also de-
clined, saying it was the duty of the chairman.
In this opinion, upon an interview with that offi-
cer, Mr. Or. acquiesced, and issued all ihe subpoe-
nas which went out during the investigation.]
Mr. Dromgoole said, that he had heretofore re-
marked, and now repeated, that he intended not to
impute blame or censure to any one. He believed
that the House had always silently acquiesced in,
if it had not formally sanctioned, such practice.
He maintained, however, that the practice was fun-
damentally wrong, and in violation of the written
rules of the House and of parliamentary usage.
His great object was to have an exhibition of the
consequences of this illegal exercise of power, w ith
a view to its correction. He understood that these
investigating committees exercised the power of
commanding the attendance of witnesses, at their
pleasure, from the remotest sections of the Union,
without naming them to the House, and without
any averment of their supposed materiality. And
he had understood that they had gone still one step
further, and had actually issued commissions and
appointed commissioners to take depositions
when and where they pleased. Can the grant
of power to command the attendance of witnesses,
and subject them to a personal examination before
a committee, be fairly and properly construed into
a grant of aafhcriiy to appoint and empower com-
missioners to take depositions? Now he maintained
that it was ¡he grant of this indefinite and ¡atitudin-
ous power, or the silent perra.ssion to exercise it,
whieh had sweile 1 the expenses of this House to a
greater amount than woui! have been otherwise
the casta. Whenever it shall be proper to examine
witnesses before a committee, and procure testimony
for the use of ihe Hoas*, let them be na.ned to the
House, and let the direct and undoubted authority
of the House be exerted to insure their attendance.
The desired evidence will thus b? more certainly
obtained, in a mode free from objection or doubt;
whilst we shall hare a better security of the peace
and comfort of the citizen, and of individual liberty,
from useless and unnecessary disturbance and
vexation, than when left exposed to the caprice or
mercy of a bare majority of an investigating com-
mittee. It was, then, in the hope, that by showing
how the expenses of this House were liable to be
greatly and improperly augmented, and how, pos-
sibly, power might be wantonly and capriciously
exerted, by a very few members, to the great incon-
venience, if not oppression, of the citizen, these
aberrations would be restrained, and correct princi-
ples and practices revived. Such was his object
in desiring this branch of the information. The
same course of remarks would apply with equal
force to the information called for in reference to
investigations by the Committee ou the Judiciary.
There was another item of expenditure em-
braced in the proposed amendment. He alluied
to the expense incurred for printing a large edition
of the rules and orders of the House, together with
Jefferson's Manual. How many copies were em-
braced in the order, he did not recollect; one or two
thousand he believed. Now the investigation
might show that a heavy expense had been incur-
red on this account; and, if so, it would be the duty
of the House to guard against it for the future, or
at least to take some measure to prevent the neces-
sity of another edition within any short time. The
plan which at present suggested itself to his mind
was, that the copies should be carefully preserved
for the use of the members, as the property of the
House. They might be deposited in the Library
of the House of Representatives, be taken out bv
members at the commencement, and returned at
the close, of each session. This would save tb/:
expense of another edition of the Manual.
