April 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE COMGRES8ÍOMAL 3SLGBK.
-3W1
25th  Cont&--"2\d Sess.
Protection, of the Aborigines—Mr. Tipton.
Senate.
tural. Natural boundaries are to be preferred in
all cases, more especially when they are to separate
the white and red people. It will be more easily
known by the latter, and, ib all respects, the pur-
poses which render a line of demarcation necessary,
are more fnlly understood by natural than by arti-
ficial boundaries.
The western, ard most of the eastern boundaries
are of necessity artificial. The Territory is large
enough to include the tribes already there, and has
sufficient space to accommodate all the Indians
east of the Mississippi, that are intended to be
transferred to that country to form a part of the
Indian confederacy.
That the country is of suitable dimensions, will
appear from an examination of the numbers now
there, and ultimately to be located there.
The Indians within the Territory at present ap-
pear to be as follows.
Emigrants

Indigenous Indians
Choctaws
15,000
Usages         -       -      -   5,510
Chickasaws -
1,600
Kanzas        .       •      -   1,606
Seminóles
407
Omahas               -      -   1,400
Creeks
22000
Ottoe and Missounas       1,600
Cherokees    -
8000
Pawnees      -      •         10,000
Weaa
206
Puncahs              -             800
Piankashas
Peonas and Kaskaskias
1S7
142

Total Indigenous      - 20,916
Ottawas
242
"   Emigrant          53,323
Pottawatamies
140
——
loways
9O0
Present population of
Sauks
400
Territory -      -         74,241
Shawanoes
S23

Delawares
921

Kickapoos   -
625

Sénecas and Shawanoes


of Neosho -
462

Quapaws*   .
600

53 3,5
*The Quapaws are a branch of the Osage tribe They have
been lmng within the S a e of Arkansas, have recently been
located within the Territory, and are reckoned among the
emigrants
Tne lubes now East of the
Mississippi,      and   undfr
treaty  stipulations to re
move West, are
Wlnflebagoes       -       -   4,500
Ottawas of Ohio -       -      230
Pottawatamies of Indi
ana          -      -       -   3 000
Chippewas,Ottawas,and
Pottawatamies, um"d   6 288
Cherokees                     14 000
Creeks                           1000
Chickasaws                -   3,900
Seminóles                      2 600
ApalachicoHs                   400
O tawas and Ch pewas
in Michigan
Tribes East of the Mississip-
pi, and I.OT under treaty
stipulations to remove Wet-t
are
¡tfenoimmes *
New York Indians, say
Wyandota
Miamies
To which add those now
m the Teruwry
And those under treaty
to remote
Will  make a popula
tion of                   - 126,710
6500
42,413
Between the Mississippi and the Missouri are the
Sauks and Foxes, which probably must be
brought into the Indian Territory, say -     6,400
To which may be added stiagglers of seve-
ral of the emigrant tribes not included
in the above estimates, say      -           -         773
Making   -     7,173
"Which, added to those already mentioned,
viz.....126,710
Will make - 133,883
Which will be the population of the Territory
when all the tribes which will probably be gathered
into it shall be located
The Territory, being about equal to 600 miles by
200, will embrace 76,800,000 acres This, divided
among 133,883 persons, wi'l give to each a little
over 593J acres, or it will give to a family of seven
persons about 4,015 acres
The State of Ohio contains 25,600,000 acres.
The population of Ohio, according to the last cen-
sus, is 937,003 The average amount of land in
Oh o to each person within tne State, is a fraction
over 27* acre-, or, to a family of seven persons,
1901 aor^s The inhabitants of the Territory,
tlurefore, will have more than twenty-one times as
much lind lo each individual as the present popu-
lation of the State of Ohio possesses.
The country between the Shawanoes and others
on the north, and the Osages and Cherokees on
the south, has been examined within the last year,
and found to be adequate to the wants of the Pot-
tawatamies, Ottawas, united Pottawatamies, Otta-
was, and Chippewas, New York Indian?, Wjan-
dots, and Miamies.
North of the Delawares, and south of the Paw-
nees and Otoes, is a tract «f 8,960,000 acres of
unappropriated land.
The- Pawnees, Puncahs, Omibas, and Otoes,
own about 19,008,000 acres. Their entire number
is about 13,800 souls. Allow to each of them the
average quantity calculated for the who'e Indian
population w hen all shall have been gathered into
the territory that will be necessary, viz: 5734 acre',
and the amount required for them will be 7,914,-
300 acres, leaving a surplus of 11,094,700 acres.
Add this 11,094 TOO acres to the other unappropri-
ated tract, which contains 8,960,000 acres, makes
90,054,700 acres to be given to the people jet to
be provided for within the territory.
The tribes to be located withm this tract are the
Sacs and Poxes, the Wmnebagoes, and the Me-
nomruies, numbering ¡n the whole about 15,100
souls. The amount of land to each person would
be about 1,328 aeres. This is more than enough.
But as m this northern part of the territory there is
a greater scarcity of wood than in the more south-
ern, the whole country north of the Delawares had
better be fairly divided between the three last men-
tioned tribes, and the indigenous tribes now re-i
dent thereon
The Territory as described in the bill is not too
largp, because,
First It barely embrace* those tribes that have
intimated a willingness to be thus organized into a
community.
Second. Some allowance shou'd be made for
succeeding generations. Their prejudices, which
have kept them at a distance from each other, are
too inveterate to be abolished m a few j ears, so far
as to make it p'easant and profitable for them tobe
brought m contact, as our own people are m civi-
lized communities There they will have room to
settle their defendants for jenerations to come,
among themselves, untrammelled m their march of ,
civilization by the mortifying prejudices of white '
neighbors.                                                                 '
Third. It is not too large, because of the great j
scarcity of wood in some portions of the Territory
The assumed western boundary of habitable coun-
try at the distance of two hundred miles from Ihe
States of Missouri and Arkansas, is at the utmost
extent at which it can be placed, according to in-
formation derived from the most authentic sources.
The boundless prairies, or plains, between the
western boundary of the proposed Indian Territory
and ^ Rocky Mountains, lit the line between us
and Wexico, should, m my opinion, be kept by the
United States for their own use, to be disposed of
as future circumstances may require, as a hunting
ground for the Indians or otherwise.
It is not easy, for one who has been accus-
tomed only to countries covered with timber while
in an unimproved state, to form a just conception
of a prairie country in which the order of nature is
reversed. Here, instead of extensiv e forests, are
extensive plains, interspersed only with groves of
timber. In view of these circumstances, and the
number of Indians which vv e have 3 et to remove to
the Territory, the eountrv described id the bill will
not be too large for the purposes contemplated.
A common objection to be met at this place i«,
that on account of the scarcity of timber, the coun-
try is not suited to the object contemp ated. This
difficulty is obviated by observing that the timuer
now there will be sufficient for the present and a 1
few succeeding generations. The soil is good, '
wcod is prevented from spreading over the country
bv the burning of the grass on the prames Thtse
prames are covpred wnh grass tall enough for the
scy'he, and which is usually burned during the dry
season of the fall The flames aie borne along by
the winds with great rapiditv, and are verv destruc-
tive to young timbet on the margm ot these
prairies
As the count!} becomes peopkd and stocl J
with domestic animals, the q lain n of grass mil
be diminished, and the ravages of annual fires wd! ¡
become ¡ess destructive, and timber will use up
with astonishing rapidity. These remarks, sir, aie
not mere theories, they are facts, known to every
one acquainted with the prairies on the Wabash
and Mississippi rivers Many persons now cut
firewood from land that thirty yeais ago was open
prairie.
The suitableness of this country is such that one
is almost ready to conclude that Providence had
contrived it for this very time and j^or this special
purpose. The soil is generally very fertile. The
Missouri river washes its borders, not jeekoning by
the meanders of the river, about four huadred miles.
The Red river washes its southern border two hun-
dred miles. The Arkansas, Kanza, and CJreat
Piatt rivers, run across the territory from west to
east. These are all large rivers, and although, on
account of their great width, and the sand bars
over which they run, steamboats cannot ascend
them far without danger of being left aground, by
the rapid.ty with which their water  fail, still, the
navigation of these rivers will be of benefit to the
inhabitants, for transporting their produce to our
markets, m tunes of high water, in ordinary flat
boats, with which it will not be desirable to return
There are many smaller streams that might be
used in the same way after great rams. Creeks
and rivulets are abundant. There is perhaps less
swampy or marshy land there, than jn any portion
of the settkd pans of the United States, of equal
extent Hence may be interred its geneial health-
iness
The sickness which has oeenrred with the Chcc-
taw, Cherokee, and Creek em g ants, is not to be
attributed to the general unhea ih'ne s of the cli-
mate, but to an imprudence whicn irequently ai-
tends the first settlers of new countries, in placing
themselves along the large water courses. Such
situations are unhealthy in all rich countries oí the
West, until the exuberant foliage of these lands
becomes somewhat subdued b> the grazing of stock.
Salt springs and rivulets of salt water are nu-
merous, and coal, witnout search, ha* al eaJj been
discovered ro so many places as to jus'ify the be-
lief that it exists m great abundance tnrougn ui the
Territory. This circumstance u i¡¡ greatly dimmish
themconven ence which might otherwise be felt on
account of the scarc^y of wood Both 1 ad am
iron ore have also been found .n the T'ir.twv.
Its adaptation to leading a barbaron, peop e '
civilization is not more consp cious ji an> ttutu"^
than that of pasturage. These extern. v e plains are
covered with grass, and afford excen^nt craZtrig
during the warm seasons, and hay during t>,e nr>-
ter These prairies, that were once spotted, or r?-
ther blackened, with thousands and tens ot thou
sands of buffaloes, could sustain an equal, or even
greater, number of domesiic animals. Ths pasto-
ral state is one that seems, by Nature, to intervene
between the savage and the civilized. The trtfih
of this remark is already apparent m several tribes
now m the Territory. The faculty Willi which
domestic animals are reared are in some measure
appreciated, and give stimulus to renewed ex-
ertion.
By reference to the annual report of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, p 59, respecting the Creek
Indians, I find it stated by the Agent, that they dwell
in comfortable farm houses, have fine gaidensand
and orchards raise fiomfoitj to fiftv thousand bush-
els of corn moie than is necessary for their owncon-
sumption They furnish large quantities to the com-
missartatat Fort Gibson annually, and have contri-
buted toihe suppljmg of the late emigran's The
sime report sa\s, the produce of the Cherokee fir
ma is his corn, oats, potatoes of b th kinds, beans,
peas, pumpkins, and me'ons The great profit ot t!>e
Cherkee tanner is his corn, his horses, hi- cattle,
and his hogs. Some of the Cherokees have taken
and tulfilled con'racts for the garrison at Fort G b-
son, and for subsisting em «rant Indians, to the
amount of from forty to sixtv thcusand dollars
wnhodt purchas ng an article, pxceot m I c Indian
connii\,and at ¡h-ir pnncpal salu e, t. v make
eighty bushels ol salt per day
" The Choeia« s," he stit s ' t<ave ,r< U y given
up the chast for a living an 1 e e¡ gaged ¡ nnc -
pa'l) m the cullnat on oí tne «oil and in raising
s'o k It would be impossible to est male the num-
ber of acres of farms in cultivation, nearly all
have their hslds well inclosed, and raise corn, po-
tatoes, peas, beans, pumpkins, and melons, and
those settled along Red river raise large quantities
of cotton. The country is well adapted to raising
stock, and so prolific lias been the increase that
they have furnished large q-ianlities to the Creek
