APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
2"">th Cong—2vd Sess.
throughout by only one prominent feature, and
that was ignorance Every charge the American
people had again and again impliedly pronounced
unfounded, and without a shadow of justification.
Sir, these charges were resurrectionary, and had
long since teen consigned 'to the tomb as thrice
reiuted calumnies, and it was to be regretted that
any co i!d be found who had the boldness now to
lepeat them? The member from New Jersey,
like the honorable member over the way from
Pennsv'vania, [Mr Eiddle ] seemed never to have
risen in tint House to speak to any subject, how-
ever irrelevant or trivial, tnat the spectre of that
tiint-hunored old veteran soldier and statesman
did not appear continually to haunt his disturbed
imaginaron' And why was all this? Was theie
never to be an end to the malignity of a disap-
pointed, unrelenting, defeated partv? Why pursue
lon¿ei an individual who has so often been tried
by an mqaest of his countrjmen, and on every
occas on been pionounced "not guilty?" Is it
courageous, is it generous, is it magnanimous, ¡o
carry on this war against an individual m retire-
ment, who has so often defeated and overwhelmed
you with sbarae and confusion whenever you have
dared to meet him before the great tribunal of his
coun tyl or is it the mere nowling of the jackal
after tne lion has left the field of prey'
It was unnecessary to characterize the k'nd of
conng  that such a course continued to display be-
fore the ey es of a discerning public The effects of
all such attacks could only be compared to the^e
and the gnawithg*viper. The fame of that illustri-
ous man could not be affected by the denuneiation-
of the whole host of malignan  spirits who now em-
biaced every occasion to not in his absence, and
g'ut the>r morbid appetites in pouring out their
venom agawst the character and fame of one whom
they can never reach, and between whom aad
themselves and iheir friends such is the dis-
tance that all comparison is lost. Sir, would
it were that these gentlemen could know the im-
mense and unmeasurable space that existed be-
tween their friends and them and the object of their
hate1 And why this more than mortal hatred to
this dis'mguished and time-worn veteran? I<;it be-
cause the Democratic peop'e, m defiance of the
screws and mandates from the "marble palace,"
have seen fit, in their v ísdom., twice to honor him
HUhthe first office of the world? Does it spr ng
liom that mnerent hatred tha  gentlemen andthur
party have for the pon er of the people to control?
.Docs it spi ing from this innate haired towards the
Democracy, the idea of whose control in this Go-
vernment failed them with so much horror—the ene-
mies of popular rights?
Sir, this illustrious man is not so much to be
blamed for his elevation, as the people are them
selves, who alone could have effected it Why not
then speak the truth, and denounce the great body
of the American cultivators of your soil, farmers,
manufacturers, raisers of produce, mechanics, and
laboring men of every description. These are the
men who are to blame for President Jackson's
election, in opposition to the power and influence
of V our rag and paper aristocracies, banking m-
s uutionsand brokers, swindling stockjobbers, privi-
leged corporations, &c. The} were the only true an-
tagonistical interests, that had been arrayed against
t.ichothei, in the election of President Jackson.
] t was by this array of this latter combination,
that the measures of his administration had been
s i violently opposed, and denounced m the most
unmeasured terms, but it was by the foimer inte-
rest, ihat he had been twice triumphantly elected,
a id which he never had failed to devote the whole
ot his energies to sustain, at any and every hazard.
It was tor his defence of those great interests, that
the Democracy had rallied to Ins support in every
section of this Republic, and it was m the further-
ance and suppoit of those great and essential
principles that that same Democracy had now
rallied in the support of the principles of the pre-
sent Administration
President Van Buren stood committed in favor
of the interests of the true yeomanry of the nation,
which compose the producing and working classes
of every community: while the opposing interests
would be found, when properly examined into, to
General Appropriation Bill—Mr. Bynum.
consist of the non-laboring and unproductive classes of
the country, whose ingenuity had been taxed, since
the first dawn of society, how to arrest from the
hands of the honest laborer the profits of his mdas-
try, and of the planter anj producer the frmts of
their honest toil These were the great natural
divisions in the first organization of soctety. They
werenow,as then,the only true antagonistic interests
that had been arraj ed against each other in this
count! y, ever since the appearance of the veto
message of 1832 The influence of the Bask of the
United States, and all other similar institutions
had never been of a laboring or producing charae-
tei, and could, consequently, have had no fellow
sympathy, or identity ot interest, with that class of
the community. Bui not so with the other inte-
rests It was the fostering and prolific parent of
every species of non-laboring and unproductive in-
fluences, and it was by the a d of this great machine
of modern invention, wie>dcd by a most skilful,
though a non-laboring and a non-producing interest,
that the unprofitable, unproductive classes had ac-
quired such ascendancy in many sections of this
country, and should such an influence, with such
interests, finally triumph in this Republic over the
productive and laboring interests of the country, it
would prove a calamity more deplorable and fatal
to the best interests of this nation, than all the ca-
lamities combined that haa ever afflicted this coun-
try, since our first settlement as a colony of vassals
from the shore*, of Britain.
Sir, it is impossible, when this game is fairly un-
derstood, that the mechanic, manufacturer, planter,
producer, and labonng man, can etrer consent to
place at the control and disposal ot a gambling,
bankwgiiion-labrring, non producing c'ass, the pro-
fits of iir-ir labor, and theproir-oe ot their plant-
ing Sueh a demvd is ?s unnat iral as it is ili-
beral and unconstitut onal, a tnngto-vmch th s
people will never submit, except bv a temporary
delusion, and a diversion from their true positions
in society—the arts to effect wh'ch, however,
have been no less numerous than unfriD?. By
the aid of the great capitalists of these institu-
tions, a great portion of the public presses in every
section of the country had been suborned to sub-
serve their interest, and to promote their ambitious
and aggrandising views, by the n^e of such, had
the people been so long kept in partial ignorance of
the true nature and designs oí tne e opposing par-
ties.
Their facilities to corrupt and establish presses
were immensely greater than any that eitner the
people ot the countiy or their Government pos-
sessed, nor had any ih ng been ipmng in their ef-
forts, eiiner by direction or indirection, m subsi-
dizing them, wherever it haa b^en ioand piactica-
blc It was by spen means that this non productive
interest had grown with such 2ii?ntic strides, and
threatened to control the p-ofits oi the w'io'e labor-
ing and producing cHsses ot tne country, to the
importance of which it was imp ssible that this
people shou'd anj longer co itin íe md ffeient or
ignorant
But the member from New Jersey had been ex-
ceedingly unfortunate in his selection of a subject
on which to pour out his vials of gall and wrath
on the devoted heads of the friends of this Admi-
nistration. The member had been too impatient
for attack to have possessed himself of the proper
"vantage grounds " It might have been well for
htm to have paused awhile, until he had gained
the true position of the enemv, and the facts, as
they existed on this subject m relation to his own
friends. The member could not ha/e been aware
of the position they occupied upofi' the sabject be-
fore the House, which had called forth his most
bittei and extiaordmary effusion The member
certainly could not have known that the verv mea-
sure which had brought form h's veiy bitter and
unrelenting denunciation, was concocted, and ori-
ginated, and brought in, at the special request and
instance of one of his own best tnends. Yes, sir,
this extravagant proposition—this prodigal mea-
sure—this most useless appropriation—which had
been the theme of that member's bitterest reprob i-
tion, had been introduced and reported at the spe-
cial request and recommendation of the distinguish-
ed chairman of the Committee on Public Bmld-
H. of Reps.
mgs, [Gov. Lincoln of Massachusetts,] a member
fully worthy of the place he occupies, distinguished
as a member of this House, and more distiqgtushed
as one of the party to which the member from 2i$w
Jersey belongs. He is no Democrat, ana Gaaoot
be suspected of having any particular attaejb*eot
for this Administration, or the treasures it pursues.
A gentleman m every sense of that word, and
whose membership would áo discredit to no party
m this or any other conntry
It had been at the request aad instance of that
distinguished gentleman that the measure had been
proposed, that had been denounced as so monstrous,
and as evidence of the extravagance of this Ad-
ministrarían He would not undertake to argue
the propriety of that appropriation He would not
look to it It had been reported by Ihe acquiescence
of both parties, and he thought it a matter too im-
material to consume the precious time of that House
on, particularly after its meeting with the almost
unanimous support of both parties in the two com-
mittees The game, he thoaght, too insignificant
to embarrass the important business of the House
m playing, though it might ultimately be found to
be improper, which seemed from every species of
mft relation that had been yt given on this ccca
sion was far otherwise. If, however, there was
blame to attach to any party there for the measure,
he could assure the member tnatit would not a'tach
to the Administration, or to the odious Democrats.
He would have to look to another quarter on which
to saddle its gdilt.
In the course of the member's truly singular and
eccentric dissertation upon political economy, he
ingeniously fortified himself by a most redeeming
confession, and s irely it had had much weight with
him [Mr B J After enumerating a catalogue of
abases, and a grent number of appropuat.ons for
oncometer another, and that appropriations had
b en made tor the civil list, the arm}, and contin-
gent funds—an ilea, b}-ihe-bv, somewhat bright
to inform the Hou^e of at tins late day of our his-
to-y—he had declared to the House, by a most pre-
cious confession, mat he was a"rovice in politics,"
and was little ?-qnairted w th the manner and na-
ture of those appropriation^ Wh}, then,if a no-
vice, had the member undertaken to play off there
the mstrueter? It required no ghost from the dead
to inform the House oí h'sbemga mere novice m
legislation, nor did he think that the member him-
self was under any ne-essity of informing the
House of it.
The member had expressed the greatest desire to
learn why such and such appropriations were pro-
posed, «md their objects, assuming to himself at
once the double capacity of teacher and scholar.
Now, if the House had to learn every gentleman
even reason that had influenced it >n br.ngmg for-
ward every measuie on wiu.li it might be proper to
act, it ivould be placed m a mo-4 embarrassing (on-
diuon. It m glit happen that it would have bat
little else to do. He dt i not look upon it as one
of the appropriate duties ot that body to take upon
itself the instruction oí its members there. Intor-
mation upon nearly every subject embraced in the
bill had been called fur in some shape or other, and
placed on the table of every member of the House,
and it could do no more it would not, he hoped,
undertake to make memoers read them. Every
laiitude had been granted (and h° was glad to say
by both parties) to ihe deimnds tor information to
be laid before t'->e House, and if gentlemen did not
acquaint themselves b/ that means of the nature ot
the business, and the ie?sons upon which it was
carried on, he confessed he knew of no better mode
by which it could be done Besides, there was
something incumbent on the members themselves.
It was their duty to acquire information foi them-
selves, both out of, as well as m, the House.
He hardly presumed that the member professed
to stand in need of so mucn informal on on the
subjects oí legislation, vhle electioneering on the
hustings m Sew Jersev, he doubted much if the
member had not then prtifesssd to have known all
about it Had it been otherwise, the people of
that State would hardly have taken it upon them-
selves to have sent a learner, "a mere notara," m le-
gislation here, to transact their business.
The member had therefore in another waj, paid
