286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE 
April 1838*
25th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
Resurrection Notes—Mr. Niks.
Senate.
the view he had taken of the subject, his argument
proceeded on the ground that Congress possessed the
power to establish a bank; and if such power ex-
isted, it could not be denied that it was as full and
complete a power as that possessed by the States
There is no limitation in the Constitution; and if the
power to create a corporation exists, it muit em-
brace the power to protect it, and to protect the
rights of others from being injured by an abuse of
its franchise, and the power to enforce the settle-
ment and winding up of its concerns.
But, Mr. President, ihe principal difficulty in the
case remains to be considered, which arises from
a doubt or denial of the power of Confess to have
established the bank. Those who do not admit
this power—and he was one ot the number—seem
to suppose that an unconstitutional law cannot
give Congiess any jurisdiction over the subjtct
to which that law relates, no more than though
the law had never been pasbeá. This, as an
abstract proposition, ib no doubt correct, a law
which is unconstitutional, which is void and
a mere nullity, can ceitawly confer no power
on Congress, and it can cieate no rights in a
corporation or in individuals The ground on
which he had endeavored to maintain Ihe jurisdic-
tion of Congress wps, that the rights of the coi-
poiation, and of individuals gio«mg out of it, were
created by Congi esa , that Ihey had no existence
independent of its authority , and that having
cieated tlipm, it must have the power to protect
them , and having confened certain p >weis on the
corporation, Congress must possess the aulhorny
to see that the\ weic not abused, and to protect
individuals against such abuse The jurisdiction
of Congress, therefore, is denved fiom the exis-
tence ol lights which have oiig.natcd liom its
authority, and which no othei authontyis com-
petent to maintain or protect If an act pi Con-
giess, therelore, is unconstitutional and void, so as
i o create no rights, either  n the corporation, the
United States, or individuals, it is e'eai that it
<*ould in no way imparl any jurisdiction, either to
Congress or the Federal courts, over the subject
matter <f such law If no rights were cieated, if
none exist by our authui.ty, then there are none
to protect, and no subject matter on which to exer-
cise our jurisdiction. Au unconstitutional ¡aw, in
strictness of language, is a  o¡ecis.m , it is no lnv> ,
it is a mere nullity, or an a'irmpt, On the part ot
Congress, to pass a law Such an act might be
lepealed, because the repeal of a law is not the
exetcise oí jurisdiction denied from the act le-
pealed ; it is only undoing what has been done, or
«hat has been attempted to be done.
The true question, Mr. N. said, when doubts
exist as to the constitutionality of a former law, he
considered to be this ■ whether the law had had
any legal operation—whcthei rights had been
created by it 1 In the latter case, he did not see
how it could be treated as an unconstitutional act,
as such a law could produce no results, could
create no rights, and theie would be no interests
originating Irom it requiring subsequent actum on
the part of Congress. But a la.v v hioh had been
executed, and which, by the competent authorities
at the tune, hau beci adjudged valid and within
the Consutution, which had created puvate lights
and inleiests, must be regarded as a constitutional
law, so far as res-pects the rights or.gmating from
it, and which it had become the duty of Congress
to protect. The law having gone mlo operation,
and been decided to be v?hd, a subsequent Con-
gress, which might regard it as having been passed
by a stretch of power, cannot undo what has been
done , they cannot abandon the lights which have
been created by the authority < f this Government.
The nghls of the corporation, of the United States,
and of individuals, being in existence, and by the
act of Congiess, it becomes our duty to protect
them We cannot annihilate the rights of this
corporation, or of individuals springing fiom it,
if it would be just to do so; and the fact of the
existence of rights created by this Government,
and sustained by the judicial branch of it, giv^s
Congress the power, and imposes on ii the duty, to
protect those rights. All that can be claimed is,
that the exercise of a power not within the Consti-
iubxm, although decided to be 9 constitutional act ;
by the competent aulhouties at the time, shall not
mtei polate new powers into the Constitution; that
the Constitution cannot be enlarged, and its pro-
visions extended, by such stretch oí power; and
when ths question again ai isob, it is to be decided
m the same manna as though the power had ne-
ver been exercised
A contrary doctrine would lead to the most se-
rious and absurd reM Ms. To considei the charier
of the Bank o! the Tinted States, aftei it has been
executed andadjiidged to be \ ahd by the competem
authorities, asameremilUt>,andgHingCongie«sno
jurisdiction oxer the rights and tnteiests ougmat-
mg from the execution ot the act, would be not
only to abandon the i ,ghts of the corporation, and
of individuals, which como into existence from the
authonly ol Confess, but also to abandon all the
interests of the United S at>"s giou nig out of said
corpoiation. We must considei tliu whole that
has been done as a miiliiv, and not only abandon
all jurisdiction, but all lights of pioperty, originat-
ing fiom the connec I on oi the VYdeial Government
with the corporation Wo must lefund Ihe bonus
of a million and a halt ol dolíais, and give up the
bonds we hold for oui stock m the cxpuedcoipoia-
tion It vull not do to insist on our own lights,
aiising undt'i m ut ol (\iii„'ress) and abandon the
rights oí othirs, on ihe giouul tint the act was
unconstitutional in 1 void Tm' act Invmjbum
cccated, (' ingress mu.t ngnd u as valid, so lal
as respectb the righ's «Inch have ousted, or winch
m,iV now exist untUr it, and must exercise the ju
risdiction netcssu v to pioicct such lights, in the
same manner and to the same extent as though no
doubts existed as to the constitution Uuy of the ori-
g nal act
Mr N said he could not undcistand how it was
that the opponents of thib lull could entertain
doubts of the puw ei of Congiess to pass it. They
Were not the men lo be scrupulous on qu >st,ons ot
constitutional powei Tin \ do not doubt Ihe powei
of Congress to es'ahli l, tiw bank, and can ihey
deny its power to put an end to lis existence? Ob-
ject, ons of lli s Kind rdiri' w ih m ill giaee fiom
that quarter Tho o who , dun! the pouer ot Con-
giess In create and ic,ru!.itc ihe cunenoy in ihe
broadest sensi, < ould ihh, Mr. N. thought, consis-
tently, doubt us ¡i >v cr lo punish a traud in icla-
t'on to a cuirciicy \t inch dt lived its exist, ncc from
the authority ol Cotigre Do they hold that Con-
gress has pon ei to uiate md give validity to a
cuirency, but nol not io will draw that authority?
If wc car. cieate, c ¡wi we not deslrnyf lis did not
exactly understand |V. sonríe <f the remarkable
scruples ol gentk men. «ho «tie not often troubled
in lliat wav, but he pitsumrd ihey did not pioceed
from any spccnii regud foi ih, roipuiation, oi
the persons who myht b> alici .<<] by dus bill
If this view of the m'ijict is coi re-it, what doubt
can there be as (o ihcpovi.r ol Congiess to pass
this bill? Jtissjinp!) a qiisstu ii wh< thrr we have
power to compel Iho final Milknuul ind winding-
up of the concerns of ,i < oip. i \\ on vxh.c'n ,., have
created. This is tho < u)y onjut ot ihe bill If is
true, U piopcjp, to do tin 1 v punishing the agents
of the coipoiati m lo, . > th h of trust, and a gloss
abuspof the aiuhoiiU < I this Uovi.ii n s.ni, lot ex-
ercising Dm iincton c( ihe corpoMlm i, t'er ihey
have expnci',. u I m d Jfct violation ol tie charter.
But it is sail we ( an tmc u ir mm ii j ni'd ction
II wc have jutisd.ilion o\i r the tiiiyclat all, we
can e^eicise it by p'nil enactments, as well as by
civil piovi ion  Die qnciticm is whether we
have junsclict on ova ihe snt jeci? Whelhtr we
have Ihe right to ct mpr Ihe closing up of the con-
cerns of the exp ral roip it 'Win, and to inhibit tht
exercise of its fui < ut a-, ai er ,ls chaitcr has e\-
p led1 If we candi this In civil le^j'di ous, vvc
can by criium.d emeimcnts As icgirdjthecu
mmal chaiaeler of the. bill, that is nota question
of pow^r, but of prop d\ and iVpcn Is on die na
ture of tne art wh'ch is lo be punisht i
And what is lh.it act' It is flic reissuing and
cueulating the dead noles ol the ridunct corpo-
ration Whether these rotes have any validity,
whether ihe late Bank of ihe United States, or the
present bank, incorporated bj Pennsylvania, is
bound to pay them c r not, are questions he did not
propose to investigate    There may be a claim
against the late bank, so far as it has assets, but it
cannot be prosecuted in the usual way, as that cor-
poration is not liable to be suedj and the present
bank, having received these notes as a trustee of
the expired bank, may be liable on the ground of a
breach of trust; but the notes prohibited from
being reissued are not the notes of that bank, and
no suit at law can be maintained against it. If
there is any remedy against either corporation, it
must be by a proceeding m chancery, which would
be dilatory and expensive, so that the holders of
the notes would hardly think of having recourse to
such a remedy, and of engaging m litigation with
a powerful corporation. If there is any legal or
equitable remedy, it is not one which can be.made
available for any practicable purpose. The" pub-
lic, then, have no security for the payment of these
notes except the will and pleasure of the Pennsyl-
vania Bank of the United States. These notes
have no legal validity, and carry with them no
legal obligation. They purport to be notes issued
bv the late Bank of the United States, and to be
binding on that institution. But they are no such
thing. If originally issued by that bank, they
have been received back and paid by it, and have
since been reissued by the present Bank of the
United States, who came into possession of them
•is ihe It vistee and agent of the expired bank.
Such leissuing of them is clearly an unlawful act,
and mantlestly a violation of the charter of the
original bank, as that charter lequired that its con-
cerns should be finally closed within two years
iiom the 4th of March, 1836, and during the two
years it was not authorized to issue its notes. It is
also a violation of the charter of the Pennsylvania
Bank. The reissuing of these noles, then, is indis-
putably an unlawful act, and it is not only unlaw-
ful, but a palpable fraud-^-a fraud upon the law,
and upon the public. Is not (he putting into cir-
culation a spurious and illegal currency a base
liauíV Admitting that there may be some validity
in these notes, or some liability on the part of one
or the other of these institutions, still they are not
what they purport to be, and consequently are
false, deceptive, nnúfiaudulenl.
The noles of the Bank of the United Stales were
designed for a general currency, and were required
to be paid on presentment in specie; and to coun-
terfeit them, was made felony; this high punish-
ment was inflicted for the purpose of preserving
the purity of this currency, and guarding the pub-
lic against fraud.
But what is the difference between counterfeit
notes of the Bank of the United States, and the
dead and spurious noles of the same bank. The
last as well as the first are illegal, false, and frau 
dulcnt. The only difference is that the fraud in
the one ease is greater than in the other: the first
are entirely worthless, the other may have some
value the counterfeit notes created no obligation
on the bank; the dead noles may not bs entirely
void, they are worth something, there may be a
liability some where to pay them, m whole or m
part, but neither the expiped bank which original-
ly issued them, nor the present bank whiph has re->
issued them, will pay them on presentment, or is
liable to a suit on the promise which appears on
the face of the note. If the holder has any remedy,
it is entirely different from whai the notes purport
on their face, it is a remedy which is too trouble 
some and expensive to be putsued, so that whether
the holdei of these notes will receive any thing ior
them or not, depends entirely on the will and plea-
suieofthe party which has wrongfully put them
into circulation.
The act which this bill is designed I o restrain and
punish, ¡s not only illegal and fraudulent, but is
an offence veiy similar to that of knowingly cir-
culating counterfeited bank notes or com. Is it
not perfectly proper then, that it should be treated
as a crimt, and punished as suchl
But it is said that we are punishing the offirer?
or agents of a State institution over w hioh w e have
no control; that if their conduct deserves punish-
ment, it is a matter which belonges to the State
which incorporated it. This is a mistake. The
bill has no reference to the Pennsylvania Bank of
the United Stales, or iiiiy of us officers. It is con-
fined to the officers, agents,  or trustees of the laft?
