April, 1S38.
APPENBÍX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR.
299
25th Cong««"2nd Sess.
Resurrection Notes—Mr.'Grundy.
Senate.
best service we can render them, or the monetary
aiairs of the country, is to let them alone; let them
stand upon their own strength, and return to a sound
and healihful action as fast as they can. If they
understand their own interest, they will say to us
"hands off," the "let-us-alone policy" is all we ask
of you. But, if it was m our power to aid the
bank", would not a sudden and powerful stimulus
from the Government, at a time like the present, be
highly dangerous? What is most to be feared is,
that their action will be too rapid and violent; that,
recovering from their torpid state, they will spring
into life with all the vigor of a giant. From the
long suspension of business, and the vast influx of
the precious metals, there is a powerful stimulus
operating upon them.
Do gentlemen forget what was one of the princi-
pal charges against the late Administration: the im-
portation of gold for the French and Neapolitan
underwriters The charge was, that the importa-
tion of specie gave a dangerous btimulus to the
banks, and was the principal cause of their excessive
issues If there was any truth va these charges
whish tlu Opposition made against the late Ad-
ministration, what will be the effect of the immense
importations of gold which have recently been
made' Now, the importations of gold have had no
connection with the Government, and, perhaps, on
that account, it may not have so dangerous an in-
fluence Whatever the Government does, is sure
to injure the banks, and lie thought, therefore, the
better course for buth parties was to have as little
to do with them as possible
Mr. N said he could not forbear to notice a re-
mark oí the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clat,]
ihich he had heard with surprise, and which might
seem to authorize an unfavorable inference as to the
object of introducing this rcbolution He would by
no means say that he believed such to be the object,
but only that the language of the Senator seemed to
authorize such an inference. The Senator said
that the conduct of the majority, in relation to
this resolution, would place them before the ©ountry
m their true postion; it would test tneir sincerity,
and satisfy the country whether they were hostile
to the banks or not. It they seek to evade action
upon it, or oppose its adoption, it will then be seen
what sincerity there is in the denial of their hostili-
ty to the banks. Are we to understand that this is
the purpose fot which the resolution was introduc-
ed'' Has the Senator introduced a resolution con-
taining principles which he has reason to believe
that a majority of the body cannot approve, and
which they have recently decided against, that its
rejection may furnish evidence to the country in
support of the charge of their being hostile to the
banks'* Is this a measure in co-operation with a
bold movement from another quarter, which has
attempted to array this Government in hostility to
the banks1 This charge has been deliberately made
and proclaimed to the country by the gieat bank
autocrat, m a formal mamtesto, designed to rally
and unite all the banks m the Union against the
Government, which is charged with waging war
upon them. Is it thought that the just and liberal
course of fie Secretary of the Treasury towards
the resuming banks is calculated to put down this
unfounded charge so boldly put forth, and that
some new facts were necessary to give it some lit-
tle countenance? Is the object to keep up the agi-
tation and prolong the present state of things? to
continue the delusion which, to some extent, has
prevailed in the public mind, of the hostility of the
Government to the banks? Is the country to have
no repobe? Do gentlemen think to continue the
panic, and prevent the resumption of the banks an 1
the restoration of business, by keeping alne the
clamor and delusion about the hostility of the Ad-
ministration to the bankaig and rred.t system?
These bold denunciations and charges, whicn had
been made by one claiming to speak for the mo-
neyed interest, were losmg their force, the preju-
dices and fears which had pi evaded were subsid-
ing, and tne public opmton is settling down, and
nothing can lie inore important than this for the
revival of business, and the restoration of confi-
dence Is it tne purpese to prevent this quieting ot
the public mmd, and to eontmue the alarm about
the hostility of the Government?   Mr. N   said he
could not believe that any such purpose existed,
although the ^language of the Senator from Ken-
tucky would seem to authorize it. But if there
were any such views, he forewarned gentlemen of
the consequences of endeavors to prolong the pa-
nic, ahd prevent the restoration ot the business of
the country. He told them that this state of things
could not be prolonged, it was not m the power of
politicians, if so disposed, which he did not believe,
to prolong it. It has already continued one year,
and even those who rejoice at the political fruits
of it, feel that they have paid dear for them m pri-
vate sacrifices, they leel that they have suffered in
their business all that they could afford to suffer.
If they love political power, they also love mo-
ney, and are now desirous for a return of those
pursuits by which it is to be acquired. They
think they have suffered enough for the benefit
of the Opposition cause, and now wish to return to
their accustomed pursuits of business He really
hoped that gentlemen would be satisfied with the
results of the panic which had been realized. It
had worked well for them, they had carried most
of the elections, his own State among others, and
perhaps somewhat to his own loss He really
hoped gentlemen would show some little modera-
tion m their tuumpbs, and try to be satisfied with
what they had obtained. They had certainly
turned the suspension of business and the distresses
of the times to a good account: they had made the
most of them whilst they lasted; and he really
hoped they would be satisfied, and suffer the public
mind to become quiet, without which business
could not revive But the people are beginning to
understand this matter, and whatever course politi-
cians may pursue, the present state of things cannot
be prolonged The banks want none of oar aid,
they will rebume without it Circumstances force
it upon them, and solvent banks cpnnot avoid re-
suming, and business must and will soon revive.
This resolution is not called for, and can do no
good. Its tendency will ba to keep the public mmd
unsettled, but if there is to be any action upon it, it
ought to be referred, and its principles examined
m reference to the existing laws.
RESURRECTION NOTES
SPEECH OF MR. GRUNDY,
Of Ts-nnessbe,
In Señale, Jlpril 16, 1838—upon the bill to prevent
the issuing and circulation of the bills, notes and
securities of corporations created by Congress
which have expired, and, albO, upon the late let-
ter of Nicholas Biddle to John &mNcr Adíms,
recommending a non resumption of specie pay-
ment , by the banks.
Ma. Pm.sii>lnt this bill presents two questions
for the considetation and decision of the Senate—
The fust is, does Congress possess the constitu-
tional power to enact its provisions.
The second is, if the power exists, is it expedient
to exercise it?
My intention is to discuss both these proposi-
tions in the order I have named them. But, before
I proceed to establish the affirmative of each, which
I believe I can do, I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to one of th* most extraordinary pro-
ductions which has been presented to the public m
these extraordinary times. It ii intimately connect-
ed with the subject matter of the bill now before
the Senate. Should I be tedious upon thib branch
of what I have to say, my apology will be found in
this, that my lips have been sealed, by the manda'e
of the Legislature of my State, during the whole
discussion upon the currency question. Now, that
I have obe)ed the injunctions which it was their
pleasure to impose on me, not only m then letter,
but m their spirit, I feel as free as any Senator here
But, let it be distinctly understood, ihat, m regard
to the bill which has passed the Senate for 'he col-
lection, safe keeping and disbursement of the pub-
lic money, and upon which,! was mstruc'ed, I have
not one word to say, either for or against it
The extiaordinary production, to which X have
referred, is a letter, written by the president of the
Pennsylvania Bank of the United States, and ad-
dressed, in form, to the Hon. John Qwncy Ada^w,
but evidently designed as a manifesto to the public
of the principles upon which the institution, oter
which he presides, intends to act, and also as a de-
claration of war against the present Executive of
the United States. J am not mistaken; nor have I
spoken too boldly, or said whatl^eannot make good.
In the concluding paragraph of this letter, the
following language is employed:
"The banks should remain exactly as they are,
preparing to resume, but not yet resuming. They
should begin as the Bank of England did, under
similar circumstances, by paying the small notes,
so as to restore com to all the minor channels oC
circulation; but not make any general resumption
until they ascertain what course the Government
will pursue, employing, m the mean time, their
whole power to forward the craps to market. The
American banks should do, in short, %vhat the
American army did at New Orleans, stand fast be-
hind their cotton bales a i til the enemy has left the
country."
Now divest this paragraph of its rhetoric, and
what is. Us plain import u.nd meaning? The au-
thor, in the whole preceding part of this paper, had
been laboring to prove, (unjustly, as I will show)
that the present Chiei Magistrate was hostile to all
State banks, and had resolved on their destruction,
and then concludes with the language I have
quoted Yes, the counsel given clearly is, that as
the American array stood fast behind their cotton
bales until the enemy left the country, so the banks
should retain their present non-specie paying posi-
tion until the present meumbent shall cease to oc-
cupy the Presidential chair, or, in Senatorial lan-
guage, "until the Goths are driven from the Capi-
tol " In other words, this great national calamity
of a suipension of specie payments is to be con-
tinued until the people of the United States shall
be tortured into a change of the administrators oí
the Government, and their afflictions are to ba
continued and increased in intensity, until, as
happened in ancient times, they shall be constrained
to say, " Give us a King to rule over us, that we
may be like the other nations of the earth," thai
is, give us a Bank of the United Stales, not to reg-
ulate the currency only, ^.ut to regulate the politics
ot the country, and save the people the trouble and
inconvenience of governing thems-lves, or electing
their own agenb to manage their own public af-
fairs.
Sir, if I am not mistaken in the character of the-
Ameucan people, this paper will do more than any
thing which has been, or can be done, by the exer-
tions of any individual or set of individuals in this
nation, to prevent the accomplishment of that
which its author designed Until the 4th of March,
1841, when the Presidential term of the present
Chief Magistrate expires, the banks are to remain
intrenched behind their bales of bank paper.
Then, when 'the enemy has left the country,"
when "the Goths have been driven from ths Capi-
tol," the people may be suffered to enjoy the ad-
vantages and benefits arising from a resumption of
specie payments, but not before. This is the fiat
of Mr Biddle, this is tne decree of the president
of one out of eight hundred State banks that now
exist in the United Stales.
Here is a moneyed corporation, created by the
authority of a singl  State, denouncing the Chief
Magistrate of all the States, and demanding his
exclusion from office at the expiration of his
present term, under the penalty, that until it be
done no resumption of specie payments bhall take
place
I have said that the ehaiter oi recharter of a
Bink of the Uni'ed States is also required by the
wrner of this leaer as the price of a resumption.
He says, referring to the Congress of the United
States•
" The only reform in tne currency which that
body has yet made, .s the isbue of ten millions of
irredeemable paper money, and a pioposal for ten
millions more."
One passing lemark upon this statement. The
lmnression it is caleulpted to make is, that ten mil-
lions of dolla , in Tieasuiy notes, have been
lbi.ued by the Secretary of the Treasury, and that
they are now in circulation.    The fact is, eighr
