sóó______________
25th Cong-«"2nd Sess.
millions only have been issued, and one half of
them have been redeemed, leaving only four mil-
lions in circulation. Nor can these, with the least
propriety or justice, be designated as "irredeema-
ble paper money." They are received by the Go-
vernment as equivalent to gold and silver; the
revenues of the country may be paid in them
without depreciation; they are transmitted from
one part of the country to another at an equal
value ; in no sense can they be properly spoken of
as irredeemable paper money ; \vith no justice can
they be classed with the depreciated and unre-
deemed paper of non-specie paying banks.
But I proceed with the letter. It continues:
" Is it worth while, then, so long as Congress
fails to exercise its legitimate powers, to waste the
strength Of the country in efforts to accomplish
what We all know to be impracticable? To resume
now, without some understanding with the Govern-
ment, seems to be throwing away the benefits of
experience, and the lessons of misfortune. We
have gone through all the mortification and all the
inconvenience of suspension. Let us endeavor to
profit by themj to fix the future on some solid basis;
have some guaranty of the stability of the cur-
fency, ahdndt set every thing afioat again without
Mowing vVhefé we may bé drifted, for, compare
the situation.of the banks at the last resumption
and now. After a suspension of nearly three years,
Congress applied all its power to induce, to per-
suade, and to assist the banks in tkeir efforts to re-
sume. They passed the resolution of 1816, autho-
rizing the receipt of the notes of specie-paying
batiks; But this alone was insufficient; and at the
Same time, they established the Bank of the United
States, with a capital of thirty-five millions. That
bank called a convention of State banks, and
agieed that if they would resume specie payments,
it would, 1st. Assume all their debts to the Govern-
ment of the United States; 2d. Discount, to those
who had payments to make to the Government,
the whole amount of their bonds; and, in addition,
3d. Discount, to those not indebted to the Govern-
ment, two millions in New York, two millions in
Philadelphia,, one arid a half milions iii Baltimore,
and half a million in Richmond; and, 4th. Wdiild
sustain the, resuming banks m case the resumption
brought them into difficulty."
Of this the evident meaning is, that a bank char-
ter from the General Government, and nothing
short of it, ought to be obtained, before, in the opi-
nion of the writer, specie payments, so far as may
depend on his power and influence, shall be re-
sumed; and all will admit that his power and in-
fluence are considerable, and difficult to be resisted.
From this view—drawn from the manifesto of this
institution itself—the inference is irresistible that
no relief, so far as this bank is concerned, is to be'
extended to the country by a resumption of specie
payments, until Congress shall yield and charter a
Bank of the United States. For myself, I say that
I will yield to no such arrogant pretension. I will
never consent that the flag of the country, the flag
of the Constitution, shall strike to any such intruder
or invader. No, sir: every such high-handed at-
tempt of a moneyed corporation to influence or
cuetct the public councils of the country into its
measures, should be promptly met and unyieldingly
resisted by the people and their public functiona-
ries. When I first read the Constitution of the
United States—and every subsequent reading has
but confirmed my first impression—I learned that
for certain specified objects, for which the Slate au-
thorities acting separately were incompetent, a Fe-
deral Government was formed, to consist of legisla-
tive, judicial, and executive departments; and by
thesa the Government was to be administered. The
framers of the Federal Constitution believed that
the Government they had formed could be carried
on by the functionaries employed in these depart-
ments. Modern wisdom, however, has discovered
that there is a power outside of, and beyond, the
hmiisofthe Constitution, which should control the
Government and all those engaged in it-> adminis-
tration; and this power, so far as the bank in ques-
tion can wield it, is now actually engaged, with
all its influence and authority, in dictating to and
coercing ths Government into its measures.
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Resurrection Notes—Mr. ürundy*
Here is a corporation whose duty it is, under
its State charter, to carry on its; business of bank-
ing according to the limitations aad restrictions im-
posed on it by the law of its creation. By these it
is imperatively enjoined to pay its debts honestly
and punctually. Yet it is a! this moment laboring
to convince the public, that for reasons of State or
policy, it is expedient and proper that neither it,
nor any other bank, shall pay their debts according
to their solemn engagements. And why not pay?
Not because of inability—the only allowable ex-
cuse in any case for a refusal to pay—for the
means of this institution are declared to be amply
sufficient to meet all its engagements. I do not
pretend to judge—I do not pretend to know what
code of ethics'prevails amongbanking corporations,
or what is considered dishonest or immoral among
them, for I never have been an officer in any in-
stitution of this kind— but I think I understand
reasonably well what is considered honest or dis-
honest among private individuals; and certainly,
among them, he who has money to pay his debts,
and refuses to do so when required, could never
satisfy the public that he was actifig honestly. If
you had my note for a sum of money, and were
to demand payment, and I had the money in my
desk, and not only enough to pay your debt, but
all the other demands I owed, 1 think I should pay
you, and if I refused, it would be difficult td con-
vince you that I acted honestly; nay, though Í
should talle to you as plausibly, as politically, and
as lengthily as Mr. Biddle ha' written, the conclu-
sion of the whole matter would be, that you would
want yout money, and would not accord to me
the character of ari Honest man unless I paid it.
This was the old fashioned \vay of thinking and
acting when banks were few and punctual. Nor
have the people yet learned this new rule of mo-
rals, which teaches that a bank can stand justified
in refusing payment of its just debts when it pos-
sesses the ability to pay, and I trust it will be long
before they do learn it. It seems to me that banks
should be placed, in this respect, upon the same
footing with individuals, if cither be unable to
pay their debts, a refusal to pay does not prove
them dishonest. The causes which led to, or pro-
duced, the inability, must be examined before a just
judgment can be pronoiineed rifion their conduct.
The correctness of my own opinion upon this sub-
ject is confirmed by the report of the delegates of
the banks of the city of New York, made in No-
vember last. That committee consisted of Albert
Gallatin, George Newliold, C. W. Lawrence, Cor-
nelius Huger, John J. Palmer, Preserved Fish,
and G. A. Worth, some of whose names are as
well known, and as much confided in, by the Ame-
rican public, as that of the writer of this letter.
They say, in their report:
"That whatever explanation may be given con-
cerning the past, since nothing but actual inability
can be alleged as an excuse for having ceased to
perform the express condition on which the
privilege to issue a paper currency had been
granted, it is equally obvious that nothing can
justify a protracted suspension but the con-
tinued inability to resume and sustain specie
payment. This principle is indeed so evident, that,
as an abstract proposition, iu correctness is uni-
versally admitted. All agree in expressing their
thorough conviction, that nothing can excuse the
continuance of suspension, after the necessity
which demands it shall have ceased."
These gentlemen, although presidents of banks,
less ambitious to bring the moneyed power of the
country to bear upon the Government and its politics,
content themselves with laying down a rule of ac-
tion which I supposed, until lately, would govern
the conduct of every banking institution in the
whole country. It is this. If a sudden revulsion
in the monetary affairs of the country shall compel
the banks to suspend specie payments, from an in-
ability to meet their liabilities, they should hasten
to relieve themselves from their inability; and so
soon as this shall be effected, instantly to resume.
The authors of this report seem to have anticipated
the very ground now assumed by the president of
the Pennsylvania Bank, and have" tendered their
judgments of condemnation against it. They say,
in their reporti
GLOBE.                    Apwl,l83i;
*                       Senate.
"When we-see sticii extensive, general, and, we
may say, intolerable', evils, flowing from a general
suspension of,spéclé' payments by the banks,, it. is
monstrous to suppose that, if they are able to re-
sume and sustain suchpayroenis, they should have
any discretionary right to decide, or even lo discuss
thequéstión, whether a more or less pratiacted sus-
pension is consistent with their own «views of the
condition and circumstances of tne country. There
would be ho limit to such, supposed discretion.
Thus, for instance, áhould the hope of a favorable
action of Congiess on the currency be still alleged
as a motive for delay,would net this be tantamount
to a protracted suspension for an indefinite period of
time? "The banks are bound, by the strongest legal
and moral obligations, to resume specie payments
whenever they are able to maintain such payments.
It is the paramount duty, to which every other con-
sideration must yield. Their ability .to perform
that duty is the only question which they have a
right to discuss, and which they are bound to exa-
mine with the utmost care and candor."
This committee, although composed of banking
men, expressly disclaim all other considerations
except their ability to pay, and recognise the prin-
ciple, that the laws of the land and of public mo-
rals require a strict compliance with their engage-
ments, when the ability exists, without any- refe-
rence whatever to the action of political bodies.
Not so with Mr. Biddle. The legal obligation, the
moral obligation, he is under to pay the debts of his
bank, seem to have been overlooked altogether, so
anxious is he to rectify the politics of the country.
The writer of this letter ascribes the suspension
of specie paymsnts to three causes only- They
were, he says:
"The Speck Circular, which forbade ths receipt
of any thing but gold or silver at the land offices;
the mismanagement of the deposites, which scat-
tered them to the frontiers; the clamor raised by
the Executive against bank notes, which alarmed
the people for their safety, and caused a run upon
the banks for specie. Now has any one of these
causes ceased? On the contrary, have they not ac-
quired ten-fold force? The Specie Circular is not
repealed; on the contrary, it has been extended,
for bank notes are proscribed, not merelyfrom the
land offices, but from all payments of every de-
scription to the Government. The distribution of
the surplus is over, because there is no longer any
surplus to distribute; but the great disbursements
on the Southern and Western frontier, operate as
injuriously, by requiring the transfer of so mach,
revenue from the points where it is collected; lastly
and mainly, the alarm about bank notes, props
gated by the Government, has been deeply spread
throughout the country, till what was at first a
passing outcry, has settled into an implacable hos-
tility. No man, I think, can doubt for a mosi* 6
that the Executive of the United States seeks to
maintain his power by exciting popular passions
against the credit systsm, and that the whole influ-
ence of the Government is employed to infuse into
the minds of the people distrust and hatred of all
banks."
I will contrast with this the opinions of the mi-
nority of the Committee of Ways and Means in the
House of Representatives. It is composed of Op-
position members, and Mr. Sergeant, who drew the
report, as is understood, is as well acquainted with
this whole subject as Mr. Biddle himself. He
says:
"Avoiding a recurrence to the primary causes of
the suspension of specie payments by the banks,
and omitting for the present to refer to the action
of the Government, it seems to the minority of the
committee to be very easv to discern the immediate
agency which disturbed and disordered our circu-
lation. While the United States were receiving
specie. England was parting with it. Finally, the
Bank of England discovered that her stock of gold
was rapidly being diminished to an alarming ex-
tent, and for her own protection from a continu-
ance of the drain, sought to discover, and of eourse
to stop, the channel through which it was made. It
was found to have been opened by means of cre-
dits of the United States upon England, ordered to
be remittedingold.     The&ct, as stated1.by. the
