Apríy 636.                    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________________3 !
25th Cong""2nd Sess.                                         Mr. Clay's Resolution—Mr. Sevier.                                                                             Senate.
of the Atlantic, who would loan their money to be
paid back at the will of the borrower, the Govern-
ment, perhaps in five or six months? Would they
draw in their monpy, secured by mortgages or trust
deeds or sell out in the funds, for such a contin-
gency ab this,? Permit meto tell my friend that
the thing is utterly impracticable.
Mr Robertson explained that the amendment
offered by him proposed a loan, redeemable at the
pleasure of the Government, or at any period, leav-
ing it to the House to fix that period He had
left the clause blank for that purpose.
Mr. Jones. I took my colleague's first remark,
that the period of redemption was at the pleasure
of the Government, and I was going to show, sir,
that no capitalist, or association of capitalists,
would lend money on such terms. At all events,
we are, by my colleague's proposition, to incur a
debt, and a large annual amount of interest, when
we do not want the principal Sir, I have not
been educated in that school of politicians who be-
lieve that a national debt is a national blesssing.
I consider a national debt a national curse, never
to be saddled upon my country, except under cir-
cumstances of the most overruling necessity
Again, Mr Speaker, can you obtain the amount
of money which Gove nment is expected to stand
in Reed of! That is a question well worthy of
consideration. Where are you to get it? Will
gentlemen inform me? Shall I be told, it can be
procured in New York, in Philadelphia, or m any
other commercial city of the United States? Shall
I be told, that at a tune when every nerve has been
strained, and the people pressed almost to the last
extremity, for the purpose of discharging an enor-
mous weight of foreign debt, that ten millions caí
be spared here'* Shall I be told, that at a time
when the banks are making every effort to resume
specie payments, and when they have turned, and
turned the screws, as long as those who have con-
nection with them can bear, with a view to control
their circulation, and business generally, and save,
if possible, the forfeiture of their charters, which
hangs suspended over them by the legal enact-
ments of the Legislatures of the States, when the
Government itself, crippled and embarrassed as it
has been in its finances, has been appealed to by
its debtors for relief—and let it be remembered
that that Government never turned a deaf
ear to those appeals—I ask, sir, is it to be
expected, can any man expect that, m such a
state of things, that amount of monev can be
procured m this country? It cannot Then what
must you do'2 You must resort to some foreign
source, and send a mission abroad for the purpose.
Hew long will that take5 Remember, u e have no
Great Western steam ship at our command at a
moment's notice, but, at the least, it would take to
go there, either to England or Holland, to nego-
tiate the loan and return with the proceeds, from
two to three months, and what is to become of the
Government in the mean time1 Unable to pay
the army, unable to pay the navy, unable to ad-
vance a single dollar to those brave men now light-
ing the battles of your country, unable to carry on
any of those works for which you have made ap
propnations, unable to pay your common ordinary
expenses, and you are to wait all this time that you
may have the pleasure of saying, when you have
succeeded in carrying out that Federal doctrine,
that at last we have a national debt.
But again, suppose you succeed in authorizing a
loan you want ten millions of dollars, and you
must get it m specie or its equivalent, convertible
paper, if there be any such in the land, it would
be a rare sight, I confess, but still that is the rnly
medium in which you can get it—specie or conver-
tible paper Where are the ten millions of specie
to come from'' Can the banks spare it? Why,
they <*nnot redeem their own notes, and great as
has been the influx of gold into this country for
some weeks past, I very much doubt whether you
could get ten millions of spare specie from the
whole ot them. What shall we next hear1 Is this
Government, which is waging war with the banks;
this Government, that stands in hostile array
against all the banking institutions m the country,
to be indulged by them with specie? Why, sir, it
is alleged that if you collect ten millions of your
21
revenue m the course of a vi hole year from these
banks in specie, for the purpose of putting it in the
power of the Government to hold its own funds
safely for d sbursement, you are warring agamst
the banks' How much more forcible, then, would
be the argument, should the Government now come
forward with a single demand for ten millions of
dollars, at a time when they are straining every
nerve to resume -pecie payments?
But gentlemen m the Opposition say that they
are not opposed to granting all necessary supplies
to carry on the Government only let them be asked
form the proper way, negotiate a loan, establish a
permanent debt, and all shall be readily voted.
' Tuneo Danaos ui dona lerenies '
I am afraid of these Greeks, even while bringing
presents, and why is it that my fears are excited'
Because, sir, I think I can discover a remoter ob-
ject m these professions of liberality, than the mere
borrowing of money to meet the preheat demands
upon the Treasury I cannot but suspect that a
portion of those gentlemen who sustained the depo-
site law, intending thereby what they did not avow,
I mean a final distribution among the States, are
desirous of commencing this system of borrowing,
and thus to get into the Treasury more money than
its necessities require, in order to pay over the
fourth instalment to the States, and fhu3 to create a
debt, which the people must pay under a system of
taxation which is unequal m its operation, unjust
in its principles, and ruinous to the agricultural in-
terests of the whole South.
Mr Speaker, I have attempted, in my feeble
way, to present to the consideration of the House
the actual condition of the Treasury, together with
the liabilities of the Government during the pre-
sent year I think I must have succeeded in prov-
ing that the present deficiency of means is merely
tempoi?ry, and has arisen principally, if not en-
tirely, from the indulgence extended to the banks,
and to individuals who were largely the debtors of
the Government, and that, with the aid which this
bill proposes, the resources of the Government are
ample to meet punctually all its liabilities. I have
only farther to say, that if, under these circum-
stances, the Government is to be placed m a condi-
tion in which it will be unable to discharge its nu-
merous pecuniary obligations, and to maintain, un-
broken, its faith, that blow shall not be inflicted by
my hand
SPEECH OF MR. SEVIER,
Of Arkansas,
In Senate, Saturday, .ipnl 28,1838 —On the resolu-
tion of Mr Clay m relation to the receipts and
expenditures of the Government
Mr SEVIER said, that since the last adjourn-
ment of the Senate, he had read, with much care
and attention, the very lengthy and learned report
of the honorable chairmaa of the Committee on
Finance, and particularly that part of it which treats
of the Treasury order of the 11th of July, 1836.
Sir, I concur pretty fully in all that the Senator has
said m his report, with the exception of that part
of it which labors so strenuously to prove the wis-
dom and expediency that there was at the time, or
that there is now, for the existence of the Treasury
order    Upon this controverted point we differ, and
differ widely
I am aware, sir, that, for entertaining this differ-
ence of opinion, I am lunmng some risk ot being
thought, by those who assume to be the only true
and legitimate expoundtrs of the Republican creed,
a political infidel, or traitor, or something w orse
I am aware that I incur this risk, and especially as
theTieasury oidei has been so pertinaciously ad-
hered to by the Executive, against the known
wishes of a large majority of his friends, and espe-
cially as this report, as a whole, has been so highly
extolled and complimented here, as to make it a
matter of grave consideration foi us to decide
whether it was best for us to publish, at the public
expense, thirty thousand, or fifty thousand, or a
million copies of it, for the benefit and edification
of our poor and benighted constituents And more
especially do I hazard this risk, as this report, m
these times of discontent and supicion and poh'i-
cal disaster, has been represented as a cannon,
wh eh is to prostrate all our adversai es, and when,
it is also calculated, as some supfoze, to have *he
happy effect of crushing to death, by the wieeis of
its carriage, as it rebounds from its. discnaige, atf
of the unbelievers in the wisdom and expediency of
the Treasury order—all of those who are not pre-
pared to cry out, wUhmU qualification, that Allah is
great, and Mahomet is his prophet. Yes, sir, whea
this report is thus considered, I fear that an excep-
tion taken to any part of it by tre lips of one be-
longing to the rank and file of the pai .y, will be
considered such an intolerable heresy as can only
be atoned for by the stake, the fire, and the faggot.
Sir, a total disbelief in the wisdom and expe-
diency of the Treasury order, is no new opinion with
me. It is not one which has grown up with me in
the course of a single night. It is one which I
have consistently and uniformity entertained, from
the first appearance of that order, dow n to this day
I have, on all occasions, invariably voted for us
repeal. I have done more, sir, I ha"v e spoken
against it. Bat through some fatality, my speeches
upon this subject, and particularly my last, which
I delivered on the night of the passage of the
■ divorce bill, upon an amendment offered to that
bill, by the Senator from Massachusetts nave never
been published I do not mention this, out of any
spirit of complaint, or with a temper of unkmd-
ness Far from it. The mere publication of any
of tnose speeches was to me a matter of but little
consequence, and of still less to the public I al-
lude to it, solely with purpose of showing my con-
sistensy upon this subject, m the first place, and
in the second, of satisfying my constituents that if
I have not appeared as a speechifyer upon this
veiy interesting question, that it has been no fault
of mine
Now, s r, having "defined my true position,'
with regard to the report and the measure upon
which it mainly dwells, and having explained my
course to the satisfaction, Ihope,ot mj belu\ed and
confiding constituents, I will now, with God's help
endeavor to show that all the arguments in favor
of the Treasury circular aie delusive iallacious,
and utterlv untenable I will now endeavor to
convince my friend from New York, svho gene-
rally hews away all difficulties, like a giant-armed
backwoodsman, with a two foot broadaxe, that on
this occasion, he has undertaken a labor too diffi-
cult, too knotty and tough for even his Herculean
strength.
I will begin with the joint resolution of 1816, as
all that precedes that, m my inend's report, is mere
matter of history, and rightfully belongs to the fa-
mily of the dead What is that resolution' f ha'
resolution, among other things, authorizes the Se-
cretary of the Treasury to recene all debts, dues,
or sums of money becoming due to the United
States, in the notes of banks which are payable and
paid on demand in the legal currencj ol the Ur ted
States This is the resolution It is the law ot the
land It contemplated no discnm nation b i "ee i
lands and customs Ilholds forth no such ika It
is general m its terms, and w as desig if d to be u
equally upon everj source of reienue And nhv
was such a resolution ever passed, it so \ eri repre-
hensible'2 The Senator answers the question, and
so tar as I know, he has answered it truly He
sa-ys the resolution of 1816 was ca'kd mo cm^-
tence in consequence of the derangement in ui
monetary system at that time, a derangement occa-
sioned by a war with'a neh, a po« en u ,aJ  i aere ..s,
and fearful enemj," and that on thai - ciu'itht. n\ II
not censiat, (what foibearance, wi„i> orce i^ ui
l), -ahat ehnstian chant}'} he ■will not c ;ii nt li-
able, the worthy, and patriotic pubi o c"ui ,
whose duty made it necessarv tor ti e G< ernmei.
to receive the notes of sp cie paunsc LaaV," }°l
he "mourns'" (and, no doubt, sincere h ) ' loi tat
distressed condition of our beloied country w¡ n.h
made it necessary for laithiul pubic ofteu> o
place her in such extremities '' I" what eüii-niiH ,
Mi Prosidenf! Why mthe extrermtv ol iti'mng
Icr the public dues the notes ol spec. r rai ig
banks' What a direful calamit}1 Wnat ap i u-
gious misfortune!
[Here Mr. Wright rose to explain   He sai I hi
friend   from Arkansas  had misapprehended  trie
report, he said the part of the leport upon v, hich In
