May, 1838.                      APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ésLüéfí*                              S2?
j —.-------------------------------—------------------------——.----------------------------------------------------_.-------------------,—_______—.-------------------------,-------------------------------------------,—_—..—,—,_,—.,,  > .,—ii___.......      ft .—.i       —.
25th Covo—2*n> Sess.                                 Northeastern Boundary—Mr. Williams.                                                                Senate.
dirertty north to iheiiver St Lawrence, crossing the
St. Johns. It is to b remembered that Mitchel's
map was pub'ished in 1755, when the province of
Massachus tts Bay, as well as the province of
Nova Scotia extended to, and were bounded by the
river St. Lawrence, and so continued to be bound-
ed, until the formation of the province of Quebec
in 1703. By the grant of Kmg James the first to
Sir William Alexan ier, afterwards Lord Sterling,
in 1621, the boundaries of the Territory of Nova
Scotia are, so far as rentes to this question, thus
described- " to the river commonly called by the
name of Holy Cross, or the St. Croix, and to the
furthered source or spring upon the western branch
of the same, which first mingles its waters with
those of the said river; thence by an imaginary
¿met line, to be drawn or run through the country,
or over the land to the north to the first bay, river,
or spring emptying itself into the great river of
Canada, and from thence running to the east along
the shore, of the said river of Canada to the river,
bay, or harbor, commonly known, or called by the
name of Gachepe or Gaspee, etc."
By the ehnrter of 3d William and Mary, 1691,
it is declared "that the lemtones and colonies,
called and known by the names of the colony of
Massachusetts bny and colony of New Plymouth,
the Province of Maine ?nd the territory called
Acadie or Nova Scot a, and all the tract ot land
lying between the said territories of Nova Scotia,
and the said province of Mame, be erected, united,
and incorporated into one province, by the name of
our province of the Massachusetts bay m New
England
Upon referring to Mitchell's map, it will be seen
that the line drav n. upon it, from the «er>ce of the
St Croi. tot',1" n/erot Canada or St Lawrence,
is the westerlv hue described in the grant to St
William Alexander, and Nova Se.Ua, as then
known and understood; and the easterly line ol the
province of Massachusetts Bay each of those
provinces, when that map was made, extending
northwardly to the river St. Lawrence. After the
publication of Mitcnell's map, viz- m 1763, by an
order m counc 1, die province of Quebec was
formed, and the southwarlly line of it thus de-
scribed " t^e "vA line crossing ihe St. Law rence
and Lake Champ vn. m foitv-five degrees of nonh
latitude, parses ulnig the highlands ahich divide Ihe
livers winch empty themselves into the «aid St.
Law rence, from those «Inch fail into the sea, and
also along the coast of the Bay des Chaleurs and
the coast of the Gulf of St, Lawrence to Cape
Rosiers," etc. diiu the like description of boundary
is contained in the commissions to Governor Mur-
ray, November 21 1763, and to Goveror Carlton,
Apul 21, 1767. By the act of Parliament, 14,
George III, 177 Í, making more effectual provision
for the government of the province of Quebec,
it is enacted that ail the leiutories, is'ands, and
counties in North America, belonging to the Crown
of Great Britain, bounded on the south, by a line
from the Bay of Chalems, along the highlands nhich
divide Vicwatas that empty themselves into the ?ner
St. Lawrence, fom tuose fall into the sea to a po'nt m
forty-five degrees of north latitude, on the eastern
bank of the river Connecticut, etc be, and they
are hereby, annexed to, and made part and parcel
of, the province of Quebw, as created and esta-
blished by royal proclamation of the 7th October,
1763 In the commission to Guy Carlton. Go-
vernor of ft'ebee, dated Beccmbrr 27, 1774, the
soutnern boundary of the province of Quebec is
thus desctibed " bounded on the south by a line
from the Bay of Chalems, along the highlands
which divide the uveis that emply themselves mto
the river St. Lawlence from those which fall into
the sea, to a point in forty-five degrees north lati-
tude, etc Alter the proclamation of October 7,
1763, the comtmss o as to the several Governors of
Nova Scotia, viz to Montague Wilraot m 1763,
to Lord William Campbell m 1765, to Francis
Legge, esq in. 1773, and to John Parr, esq. in 1782,
described that province oí Nova Scotia thus " to
the northward by the southern boundary of our
province of Queb°c, as fai as the western extiemi-
ty of the B?y des Chaleurs, to the eastward bj the
said hay and the Gulf ot St. Lawrence to the Cape
or Promontory, called Cape Breton, in. the island of
that namfjinc'uding said island, etc-, to the westward,
(althcu hoursaid province hath anciently extended,
and doth of right extend, as far as the river Panta-
gonet or Penobscot,) if shall be bounded by a line
drawn from Cape Sable, across the entrance of the
bay of Fundy to the mouth of the river St. Croix,
by the said river to its source, and by a line drawn due
north, thence to the southern boundary of our province
of Qjiebec."
The province of New Brunswick was establish-
ed m 1784, and embraces what was, before that
time, the northerly part of Nova Scotia It is thus
described m the several commissions to Governors
of the province of New Brunswick, from the first
one to Thomas Carlton, m 1784, down to that oí
the EaW of Dalhousie, in 1819, vi?: "bounded on
the westward by the mouth of the river St. Croix,
by the said river to its source, and by a line drawn
due north from thence to the southern boundary
of our province of Quebec, to the northward by the
said boundiry as far as the western extremity of
bay of Chaleurs, to the eastward by the said bay,
and the gulf of St. Lawrercp; to the bay cal'ed
Bay Veite, to the south," &c. From all these
documents, ii is clear and undeniable that the
western line of what was formerly Nova Scotia,
now New Bruaswick, is, and always has been, the
river St. Crrix, and a line from the source of that
river due north, extending formerly to the river
St. Lawrence, and since 1763 to the south line ol
Quebec, or, to what is the same thing, a line from
the bay of Chaleurs, along the highlands, which
divide the rivrrs that empty themselves m<o the
mer St. Lawrence from those which fall into the
sea toward a point id 45 degrees ot northern lati-
tude, &'■. That 'he north line of that province is
rs far north rs v e c'a m the north line of Mane to
be, .6 p<cv_d, nrs', ty the fact that the Bay Cha-
lems is a part of that north line; secondly, by acts
of the p-ovincial Government, incorporating coun-
ties, and patches, upon the Bay Cha'eurs. and
upon the river Resltgouche, and regulating the /i*/ie-
ries in thai river, granting land, and establishing
roads, &e ; thirdly, from the acts, and declai ation,
of the Surveyors General of the provinces of Que-
bec and of New Brunswick, in 1787, when it was
proposed by the authorities of the province oí
Quebec to run and mark the line between these
pro/,nee?, as disclosed in the extracts hereafter to
le mentioned.
Inasmuch as Ihe piovmce of Mame or Massa-
chn^e'tS bay fi rrnier'y extended to and v. as bounded
nort. by the mer St. Lawrence, and as no changa
of its bom c"ary had been made prior to the treaty
of 1783, (e .cp* so far as the province of Quebec
had been extended South of the S> Lawrence,) it
is only necessary to see how far the sou'- ¡me oj
Quebec extends to ihe scuthuard of the St. Law-
rence, to a'csrtiin the north line of the pío1 mee oí
Massfrhu'--t s Bay, as it was at the time of the tieaty,
v ben his Bruamc Maje^'v riehnqvishei all c'aim to
the ¡roí"?!1 >tcíií, pi ipi tety and territorial rights of the
sane and eveiy fait theieof. That lme was descri-
bed, 11 the pioclamation, to be a line "crossing the
St Lawience and Lake Champlam in 45 degrees
nor.h la't'ude, passu,g along the highlands which
divdr ihe nvcrs which emp,y themselves into the
said river St. Lawience from those which fall mto
the sea, and also along the coast of the Bay des
Chíleurs,' and in the act of Parliament "b> a line
fi ora the bay of Chaleurs along the highlands w hich
divde the «rters that empty themselves into the
uvcr St Lawrence from those which fall into the
sea to a point m 45 degrees of north latitude, on
the e?stern bank of the river Connecticut ' If
theie v as any doubt as to what highlands were n-
tended 1" 'ht-e several descrpuo"s, or as to their
locality, in the absence of other sa'rsfactoiy evi-
dence, it might be sufficient to lock upon the map
of tht cemfv, then extant, and see that a range of
hgilaii is, extenduig all alo g fiom the wesiern
extern it of the bay of Chaleurs to Connect cut
nvcr. n 4s i'eg ees nonh latitude, ind noithofall
ihe str«->ms (lowing mto the Si Johns nvei, is di_-
tuvtlv lepresenied upon lh_ map, an 1 that «o other
range of hig'.hnds is indicated upon the map, be-
t veen th" b'v Cb deurs and Connecticut river, and
that this idiiac, as indicated by the map. does divide
the streams ruimmg northwardly into the St. Law-
rence from the streams running southwardly into
the sea But a glance at this map must at once
satisfy the mind that such highlands as are men-
tioned m the proclamation and act of Parliament
must, in the nature of things, exist between the
great river St. Lawrence on the narthwesl, and
the Atlantic ocean on the southeast, and that such
highlands must, of necessity, divide the rivers and
streams represented on that map as running in dif-
ferent and opposite directions; and, but for the in-
genuity of British agents and diplomatists, it would
be difficult to imagine how any question could be
made upon such a state of facts.
Thus far the question has been considered inde-
pently of the further article of the treaty of 1783,
which was added "that all disputes which might
arise in future on the subject of the boundaries of
the said United States may be prevented, it is here-
by agreed and declared that the following are and
shall be their boundaries, viz- From the northwest
angle of Nova Scotia, viz: that angle which is form-
ed by a line due north from, the source of St. Croix
river to the highlands, along the said highlands
which divide those rivers that empty themselves
into the river St. Lawrence from those which fall
into the Atlantic oc an, to the northwesternmost
head of Connecticut river, (and thence round to the
Somhern boundary,) east by a lme to be drawn
along the middle of the river St. Croix from its
mouth, m the bay of Fundy, to its source; andlrom
its source directly north to the aforesaid highlands
which divide the rivers that fall into, the Atlantic
ocein from those which fall into the river St.
Lawrence."
The point of beginning, the terminus a quo, men-
tioned in this description of the boundary of the
United States, \iz- thencrthuest angle of -Vota Scotia,
not being fixed or marked by any actual monu-
ment existing at the time the treaty was formed,
it was necessary so to describe it that its position
and location might be ascertained and fixed by
reference to other known monuments, and direct-
ing the manner in which a line should be extended
from one to the other, and hence the lurther de-
scription of'hat angle, the point of departure, viz:
" That angle wh.ch is formed by a line drawn due
north from the source of St. Croix lifer to the
highlands " To determine, therefore, the particu-
lar place and location of the angle thns described,
it could only be necessary to commence at the
source of St Croix river, and run a line therefrom
due noith, until it shou'd reach the highlands, and
at whatever point of the highlands that lme should
in^et them, would be the angle called for by the
tieaty. To effect th.s, ihe source of St. Crow river
and the highlands must be ascertained, and it is
mattei of history that the two Governments were
not, for years after the formation of the treaty,
asreed as to what river was the St. Croix river,
mentioned in, and intended by, the treaty;.the
American Government claiming that a river fur-
ther east than the Scoudtac was the St Croix of
the treaty, aid the British Government contending
that the Penobscot was the St. Croix of the treaty.
Tlrs point of d,sagreement was settled and finally
determined in 1797 by commissioners of both Go-
vernments under the provisions of the treaty of
17U4, and a monument was accordingly erected at
the siuree of the western branch of the river Scou-
"diac, or St. Croix mer, as the s.uice of St. C?oir
river mentioned is the treaty of 1783, and that monu-
ment has ever since been, and now is, recognised
by both Governments as ihe point from which the
line is to be drawn due north to the highlands.
This point being fixed, and not now disputed, it
remains to ascertain whit highlands are to be
reached by ihe line running d_e north from this
monument, at lohich the noithwest angle of Nova
Scotia is to be located and fixed, and this is the
point of difference between this Government and
the Government of Great Britain, and of course
requires a carefal and close examination In the
tonner part of the desenpt on (m th<! treaty of
17o3) of the highlands, at «tuca the angle is to be
formed, there is not any further designation of them
than that the Lne drawn due north irom the souic 
of St. Croix river to the highlands is the point f om
which the lme of boundary is to start, and that ¡me
of boundary 15 " along the said hAghlands, whioh
