May, 1838
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
25th Cong-"-2nd Sess.
Branch Bank of the U. S. Portsmouth, N. H.—Mr. Cwhrnan.
H. of Rep .
But as to the original American proposition re-
ferred to in the letter of Mr. Forsyth, is it not
equally clear that, m that also, my colleague is
mistaken. That proposition is contained in the let-
ter of Mr. Livingston to Sir Charles R. Vaughn,
April 30, 1833, and is in the following words- "All
the disadvantages of these modes of settlement,
heretofore adopted, might, as it appears to the Ame-
rican Government, be avoided by appointing a new
commission, consisting of an equal number of com-
missioners, with an umpire selected by some friend-
ly sovereign, from the most skilful men in Europe,
to decide on all points in which they disagree; or,
by a commission composed entirely of such men,
so selected, to be attended in the survey and view
of the country by agents appointed by the parties."
This is what is called "the original American pro-
position," and is that alluded to by Gov. Kent m
his message to the Legislature as a pioposition
equitable and fair, just to all parties, and full of
promise of adjustment upon proceedings satisfacto-
ry to us. Subsequently, to be sure, Mr. Living
ston «peaks of certain well known principles which
are observed in the running of boundarys, one of
which is, that courses and distances should be con-
trolled by monuments. But this is no part of the
original proposition. They are entirely distinct
and independent. One is the proposed agreement,
the other is stated as an inducement to Great Bri-
tain to enter into the agreement.
The correctness of this, as an abstract proposi-
tion, Mr F. said he presumed no one was disposed
to question, though many doubted its applicability
to a case of this sort, considering the direction in
the treaty as equivalent to one for running to a line
ef latitude.
The further suggestions made by Mi Living-
ston in subsequent letters, intimating that the
commissioners might diverge to the west, and not
to the east, of the due north line, in order to reach
the highlands named in the treaty, were for the
same purpose, to wit: to induce Great Britain to
agree to the establishment of the commission of
su vey, by showing her how she might possibly be
a gainer by it. That suggestion, however, was not
well founded in law or justice, and can never com-
mand the assent of Maine But it did not consti-
tute a part of the original American proposition,
and therefore, no reference was had to it by Mr
Forsyth, in his late letter to Mr. Fox.
In closing, Mr F. said he wouM repeat that
however the proposition may be construed, he did
not believe that, accepted or not, we should thereby
make any progress towards a final determination of
the question. The only effectual step now to be
taken, was the passage of the bill lying upon the
table; and he united with his colleague in hoping
that the House would soon take it up, and give it
all that consideration which its importance de-
mands, and which the obligations of this Govern-
ment to the State of Maine imperatively require
BRANCH BANK.U. S. PORTSMOUTH, N H
REMARKS OF~MR. CUSHMAN,
Of New Hamfsh
In the House of Representatives, Tuesday, May 15,
18J8—The Treasury note bill being under con-
sideration.
Mr CUSHMAN said he was unwilling to inter-
rupt the public business for one moment, with any
remarks of his, but as the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr Tillinghast,] had thought proper to
introduce into this debate a transaction which took
place m the town in which he had the honor to
reside, and one in which he participated, it was
due to himself, as well as all others connected with
that transaction, and the cause of truth and justice,
that a plain and unvarnished statement of fasts
should be made, and for this purpose he would, for
a shoit time, claim the attention of the House
That gentleman has remarked the first difficulty
to his knowledge, with the Bank of the United
States, commenced in New Hampshire, in the at-
tempt lo remove the president of the branch which
was established in that State. From that fact, he
has taken the liberty to infer that the friends of the
late, as well as of the present Administration,
have manifested a deadly hostility, not only to that
bank, but to all the banking institutions m the
country.
Similar charges have been made, not only in this
Honse, and in the other branch of Congress, but
have been repeated over and over again, by every
travelling politician, who has scoured the country,
for political effect, from the lime the transaction
took place lo the present moment
Some have been so wild as to say, "that the at-
tack made upon the President of that branch was
done to induce the Bank to favor the designs of the
Administration, and failing to induce the Bank to
subserve the interests of the friends of the Admi-
nistration, the whole power thereof was at once set
in hostile array against that institution " A more
unfounded charge could not be conceived It has
not even the shade of a shadow upon which to rest
itself. This will appear from a plain, unvarnish-
ed, statement of facts These facts are as follows
Some time in the spring of the year 1829 the mer-
chants of Portsmouth conceiving themselves ag-
grieved by tha course which had been pur-
sued by the gentleman who had been, but a
short time before, placed at the head of that
Branch, memorialized the directors of the parent
Bank to have that gentleman removed, and some
other one appointed in his place. The principal
allegations stated in the memorial against the di-
rectory of that branch were, as far as my memory
serves me, that their measures were unnecessarily
harsh and oppressive, and the want of a proper
spirit of accommodation
One sample of unnecessary harshness, about
which much, at that time, was said, tías an edict
that all the debtors should pay to the bank twenty
per cent upon their notes every sixtv d?js, when
the loans had been made under an express or impli-
ed understanding that only ten per cent, should be
paid at the end of every four months And the
merchants saw, or at any rale thought they saw, un-
der the order of things, as they then existed, nothing
but distress and ruin. It was under these circum-
stances that the directors of the parent Bank were
requested to make such a change m the directory
of that branch as would not only stay the hand of
oppression, but restore confidence between the bank
and the business-men of that place. The founda-
tion of the memorial seemed to be the mutual bene-
fit and accommodation of all concerned. Notonly
to aid those who were actively engaged in business,
but to promote the interests of the bank itself. This
fact no one would deny who was acquainted with
the merchants whose names are attached to that
memorial.
Now, sir, let us turn our attention to the politi-
cal character of the memorialists, because upon
this fact depends the issue. What was if Were
they, sir, the fnends of that illustrious patriot and
statesman, General Jackson, who but a short time
previous had been elected the Chief Magistrate of
the United States' Did they, m general, belong to
the Democratic part}? if they did, then there might
have been some faint pretext for the allegations
which have been made by our political opponents.
But such «ere not the facts. No, sir, but far other-
wise. That memonal was signed by about sixty
individuals, the most of whom were merchants,
and nine-tenths of whom then were and now are the
political friends of the distinguished gentleman
who was at the head of that branch, and from
whose arbitrary administration they wished to be
relieved, and a majoiity of the board oí directors,
which the memorialists proposed to substitute for
the one then m existence, were the political friends
of that gentleman, and were then, as well as at
the present time, the friends of that institution.
Some of those who took a part in that transac-
tion were members of the Democratic party, and
were among the most firm and siHcere fnends of
General Jackson.
Among that number was the present Secretary
of the Treasury, the present Clnet Magistrate or
New Hampshire, and the humble individual who
now has the honor of addressing you. But, Mr,
were either oí those gentlemen, or any other friend
of the Administration, the first to move in that af-
fair?   No, sir. those gentlemen only operated as
they were operated upon by the poutical friends of
those connected with the bank.
As to myself, I can assure this Honse, as well
as the country, that it was with great reluctance
tiat I took any part m that transaction. Although
the gentleman at the head of that branch was op-
posed to me in politics, yet he did not cross toy
path. I had, therefore, no feelings of jealously to
gratify, and, on my own account, I had nerer hafl
any thing to do with that msWution; and, more-
over, had no desire to be connected therewith; and
it was not until after a powerful appeal had beea
made to me by those merchants, that I gave my
consent to aid them in removing the grievances of
which they complained; and I, believe the same
was the case with Mr. Woodbury. He could have
desired no aid from, the bank; and as a majority
of the proposed board of directors were strongly
opposed to him in politics, he could have had no
expectation of benefiting either his private or po-
litical interests I have never entertained a doubt
that his sole object was to piomote the interests of
the above mentioned memorialists, and for this
purpose, and this purpose alone, did he consent to
participate m that transaction
As to Governor Hill, he was entirely ignorant of
the whole subject until he received a letter from
mc relative to what had transpired m Portsmouth.
On reception of that letter, m which were expressed
the wishes, views, and desires of the merchants of
Portsmouth, that gentleman, who is ever ready to
re'ieve the distressed, and to do ail the good m his
pon er, drew up a memorial similar to the one
wmchhad been signed at Portsmouth, to which he
piocartd the signatures of several members of the
Acw Hampshire Legislature, which was then in
session, and then forwarded the same to the parent
P.ank at Pn ¡adelphia, whither the other had been
tran mi'*ed
What followed the presentation of these memo-
rials is, I presume, too well known to require
comment Suffice it to say, that although the re-
quest of the memorialists was not granted, and the
gentleman «'hose conduct has been complained of,
was reappointed to the same office for the succeed-
ing year, yet before that year had expired, he left
not only the bank, but the State. And the memo-
rialists have the consoiation of knowing that the re-
presentations which they then made to the direct-
ors of the parent Bank were true, and that the sab-
sequent history of that branch verified every mate-
rial fact which was set forth in those memorials.
Now, sir, inasmuch as those gentlemen who ori-
ginated and sustained those memorials, were the
political friends of the president of that branch, who
then were, ard now are, the open and avowed ad-
vocates of a United States. Bann, I ask every fair
and candid mind if there is the slightest foundation
for the charges which have so often been made
against those who participated in that transaction?
I am confident the answer must be in the negative.
BANK OF WASHINGTON, D. C.
REMARKS OF MR. DAVIS,
Of Massachusetts,
In Sena'e, JJay 17, 1838—On the bill for recharter-
ing the District banks.
Mr DAVIS remarked, that he had risen chiefly
to corred an en or He had been informed that
an expression w hich fell from him the other day,
in the debate íespectmg the banks of this District,
had been misunderstood. He had expressed some
surprise that the Senator from Missouri [Mr Ben-
toiv] should condemn the Bank of Washington,
because it paid specie for its bills, and gave him to
understand it was difficult to please one who was
neither satisfied with nor without a redemption of
notes in specie The Senator said 'his did not do
justice to his views, for he complained that the
bank did not put cut its bills, and therefore had
nothing to redeem, and its declaration was mere
pretension. Mi. D m reply, said he well knew
that, so far as regarded act ve banking business, it
was substantially a humbug. By the use of this
phrase, it had been supposed that he concurred
with the Senator in condemn ng the course of the
bank.   Nothing could be farther from the truth,
