May>J!gJL—               APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________3Í7
25th Cong-'-'2ni> Sess.                                    Mr. Clay's Resolution—Mr. Benton.                                                                   Senate.
Should the Senator's resolution be adopted, a
consequence would follow to which I desire to di-
rect his attention. It has been the general sense of
the country that we should discourage the issue of
bank notes of a less denomination than five or ten
dollars. Without accomplishing this purpose, we
can never have a specie circulation for the small
every-day transactions of life, which we all desire.
We have, therefore, for years been struggling to
reach this result. According to the existing law,
the Secretary of the Treasury cannot receive the
notes of any bank which issues notes of a less de-
nomination than five dollars. The Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Rives] has gone further, and has
proposed gradually, and in a series of years, to ex-
clude the notes of all banks which issue notes under
twenty dollars. Ought we now to abandon this
salutary principle, by making it mandatory on the
Treasury Department to receive the notes of banks
which issue one dollar notes, and shin-plasters? If
not, then we ought to reject the latter branch of the
resolution of the Senator from Kentucky. It is
general in its terms, and will repeal all former re-
strictions of this nature.
Mr. B. would say a few words in regard to the
i remark of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
i  Calhoun,] that he would not receive any thing in
j payment of the public dues, which he could not
I lawfully tender to the public creditor.   He, Mr. B.
¡  would not now, whatever he might do in another
\ condition of the country, vote for an immediate
!  and unconditional collection of the revenue in gold
and silver.     Whilst the country was straggling
!  for a resumption of specie payments, he would not
; vote for any measure  which might prevent this
consummation, so much to be desired.     The gen-
1  tleman from South Carolina had himself pursued
a difFeient course in the amendment which he pro-
posed to the Sub-Treasury bill.     By that amend-
ment, he had authorized  the reception, as hereto-
fore, of the notes of specie paying banks for Uvo
years, and afterwards excluded them gradually for
the six succeeding years, so  that eight years must
elapse, before we could reach an exclusive metal-
lic currency for the General Government.      This
was acting like himself; it was acting like a states-
man.      He [Mr. Calhoun] knew that sudden and
|   violent changes could not be made in the settled po-
i  licy of a country, without doing the people great
injury.      In such cases, all great reforms must be
gradual, in order to be successful.     He, therefore,
| had provided that eight years must elapse, before
I we should require the dues of the Government to
í be paid exclusively in specie.     This was the true
j policy, and he Mr. B. would continue to pursue it.
|  He could not, therefore, but express his regret, that
|  the Senator from South Carolina was now in favor
! of requiring the revenue of the Government to be
| collected immediately and exclusively in gold and
silver.     Mr. B. could not go with him  in this
j policy.
i On the whole, he should vote for the first part
of the resolution, because he thought the discrimi-
j nation ought now to cease in the medium of pay-
: ment required for public lands, and for the customs:
; and he would vote against'the second part of the
¡ resolution, because it made the reception of bank
! notes mandatory, and not as heretofore permissive;
because in practice, except in one particular, it
! would prove to be the same with the existing laws;
I and because, in that particular,which was to receive
! the notes of banks which continued to issue notes
I of a less denomination than five dollars, he was
! wholly opposed to the policy of the Sennator's re-
! solution.
mant must keep and transfer its own money, by its
own officers, from the time when it is received
until it is disbursed. This is the question to be de-
termined. I am in favor of the proposed separation
of the Government from allbanks;but thisquestion
may remain a long time undecided. Whilst we are
engaged in the struggle—whilst the Sub-Treasury
bill is pending before the other House, and before
the country, shall we form a more intimate con-
nection with the banks than has ever existed before?
Shall we make the receipt of bank notes manda-
tory, when it has heretofore been only permissive—
under the resolution of 1816? Whatever doubts
might originally have existed as to the true mean-
ing of that resolution, the uniform practice of the
Government under it has settled its construction.
The Treasury Department,and the Bank of the Uni-
ted States acting as its agent, have always determined
what notes they would receive and what notes
they would reject. The general rule has been the
proper rule; and that is only to receive the notes of
sound, specie paying banks, in the vicinity of our
depositories, which can be immediately converted
into specie, in case specie should be required to
meet the demand of the public creditors. We have
lived under the operation of this joint resolution for
two-and-twenty years; and, during that whole
period, it has been executed in such a manner that
the notes of specie paying banks have always been
received in payment of the customs. Can any
body then suppose for a moment that the Secretary
of the Treasury will now, at this late day, upon the
repeal of the Specie Circular, disregard the practice
of all his predecessors, and require all the dues of
the Government, not only for public lands but
for customs, to be paid in gold and silver? Cer-
tainly not. The Senator from Kentucky has him-
self read a letter from the Secretary to the president
of a bank in New York, which conclusively^roves
that he has determined to receive, as formerly, the
notes of sound, specie paying banks.
[At the request of Mr. Buchanan, the Secretary
of the Senate here read that part of Mr. Clay's
resolution, relative to the receipt of bank notes, as
follows: "And that, until otherwise ordered by
Congress, the notes of sound banks, which are pay-
able and paid on demand in the legal currency of
the United States, under suitable restrictions, to be
forthwith prescribed and promulgated by the Se-
cretary of the Treasury, shall be received in pay-
ment of the revenues and of debts and dues to the
Government."]
Now, said Mr. B. what is the difference, in point
oPdiscretionary power conferred on the Executive,
between the Senator's resolution and the existing
law? Nothing at all; unless we can suppose that
the Secretary of the Treasury will arbitrarily refuse
to receive the notes of all specie-paying banks, un-
der the resolution of 1816. The Senator has him-
self admitted—every person must admit—that we
cannot receive the notes of all the nine hundred
State banks now in existence. Nobody will pre-
tend that the notes of the Bank of Missouri, though
it has always been a sound specie-paying bank,
ought to be received m New York or Boston in pay-
ment of the customs. Neither will it be contended
that the notes of a bank in Mame ought to be re-
ceived m Arkansas or Louisiana in payment of
public lands. From the very nature of things, in
order to secure the public revenue, there must be
considerable discretion vested in the Secretary of
the Treasury. The Senator admits that, under his
resolution, the Sscretary must decide what notes
shall be received, and what notes shall be rejected;
what banks are sound, and what banks are unsound.
Turn this question as you will—although in princi-
ple ihere is a great difference between the Senator's
proposition and the resolution of 1816; because the
one is mandatory and the other merely permissive—
yet, in practice, they will be identical. His resolu-
tion, according to his own comment, amounts in
fact to nothing more than the resolution of 1816, in
the manner in which it has been construed and exe-
cuted'ever since its adoption; because the practice,
under that resolution, has always bean to receive
the notes of such banks in the vicinity of the diffe-
rent collectors and receivers of the public money,
as the deposite banks would accept from them, and
place, a? cash, to the credit of the United States.
IHHU.mil WlgWBHBMB—^BgMMÜHm
MR. CLAY'S RESOLUTION.
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
j                          Of Missouri,
|  In Senate, Friday, May 26,  1838—On Mr. Clay's
!      resolution to rescind the Treasury Order, and to
|      make bank notes receivable and disbursable by
j      the Federal Government.
I      Mr. BENTON said  the resolution before the
j Senate contained three propositions, namely: 1. To
i  rescind the Treasury Order of July 11, '1836; 2.
I To make the notes of all specie paying banks re-
ceivable in all payments to the Federal Treasury;
3. To make the same notes a conditional teaderin
all payments from the Federal Treasury. He
was opposed to each branch of this resolution, and
would give his reasons for his opposition to their
passage with the brevity which the occasien re-
quired, and with such force and precision as he
might be able to command.
The Treasury Order was the first point to be
discussed; and the first inquiry on that point was the
question, What was the Treasury Order? The
answer to this question is, that the Treasury Order
of July 11, 1836, is nothing but a continuation of
the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth articles of the
by-iaws of the Bank of the United States of Janu-
ary 3,1817. Those by-laws excluded the notes of
all the State banks from all payments to the Uni-
ted Stales on account of the public lands, and the
Treasury Order did precisely the same thing, and
no more.   This is a copy of those by-laws:
"Article xxiv. The offices of discount and
deposite shall receive in payment of the revenue,
of the United States the notes of such State banks
as redeem their engagements with specie, provided
they are the notes of banks located in the city or
place where the office receiving them is establish-
ed; and, also, the notes of such other banks as a
special deposite on behalf of the Government as
the Secretary of the Treasury may require.
"Article xxv. The offices of discount and de-
posite shall at least once every week, settle with
the State banks for their notes, received in pay-
ment of the revenue, or for the engagement of in-
dividuals to the bank, so as to prevent the balances
due to the office from swelling to an inconvenient
amount."
These two articles constitute the Treasury Or-
der, for they operate a complete exclusion of the
i State bank notes from all revenue payments, both
lands and customs. Under these by-laws no notes
could be received on account of the United States
from any State bank unless the Bank of the United
States had a branch in the same place where it was
situated. This limitation cut off nearly all the lo-
cal banks. To the few which were not cut off, a
serious injury was done by the nominal exception
in their favor; for it caused their notes to be taken
out of circulation, and to be presented to them for
redemption at least once in every week. These by-
laws were enacted in January, 1817, and the Bank
of the United States acted upon them until the re-
moval of the deposites in October, 1833. Daring
all that time, with the exception of a few
years, when the Bank of the United States
was in a state of paralysis, and did no
business, the notes of the State banks w^re ex-
cluded from the land offices, and not a word of
complaint was heard against it. Neither politi-
| cians, nor Iscal banks, nor purchasers of public
land?, uttered a woid of complaint. They were all
satisfied; and such of them as wished a recharter
of the National Bank were not only satisfied with
this exclusion, but were in favor of continuing it;
for a recharter of the Bank was a continuation of
the by-laws which excluded State bank notes from
all revenue payments.
Upon the removal of the deposites the door of
the Federal Treasuty was opened to the reception
of local batiks; they were received for lands and
customs; and whatever notes the deposite banks
would agree to credit as cash were received as cash.
This rule was a wide and a loose one; and besides
being wide and loose, it delegated to the deposite
banks the high function of deciding what should,
and what should not, be the currency of the Fede-
lal Government. This high function was left to
the discretion or the caprice, to the ignorance or
the knowledge, and to thf selfish and interested ar-
rangements of the banks; and the consequence
was a laxity and uncertainty in the reception of
notes which, while perpetually changing the list of
receivable notes, to the annoyance and oppression
of the people, and to the profit of brokers and money
dealers, was always operating in the same way up-
on the Treasury; that is to say, filling the Treasury
with notes as cash which could not be cashed when
the Government wanted the cash. So great was
this evil that a Senator, Mr. Ewing of Ohio, com-
1  plained of it in the Senate in the spring of 1836—
