348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
May, 183S.Í
25th Cong--- 2nd Sess.
Mr. Clay's Resolution—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
a few months before the Treasury Order was issued
—and proposed to apply some remedy to the mis-
chiefs ot th-se fluctuations. Notes continued to be
received, the public lands were rapidly changing
for bank credits, and the President interfered to
protect the national domain and the Treasury, by
do ng what the by-laws of the Bank of the United
States had done irom January, 1817, up to the time
of the remoyal of the deposites. He interdicted
the reception of bank notes for lands; and this in-
terdiction had no other effect upon the currencies
of the local banks than to place them precisely
where they had been tinder the by-laws of the Na-
tional Bank.
An outcry was immediately raised against Pre-
sident Jackson lor issuing that order, and that out-
cry originated with the Bank of the United Slates
and its particular friends. They treated as an in-
dignity, and as an injury, to the local banks, the
very exclusion of then paper which that bank had
itself practised, and from that day to this they have
been the leaders 11 (he clamor against the Treasury
Order. This is glaring and gross inconsistency.
They condemn in the Piesident of the United
States what they -pplaud in the piesident of the
Bank of the United States' They approve the ex-
clusion of local n ites by vntue of corporation by-
laws, and they condemn it when done by the con
stitutional Executive ot the counliy1 Nay, more
Te ese very pprsons, \x hile opposing the Treasury
Ordei with one hand, were supporting it with the
other, while demanding its repeal, th~y were also
demanding its ie-enactment, while crying Down
with it, they were also crying Up with it, they were
blowing hot and cold with the same breath, and
presented a fine illustration of that contradictory
position in which the operator looks one way and
rows the other They are ior a National Bank,
and they are against the Treasury Order, they
want a bank established, and they want the order
lescinded, as it the very first act of the Bank would
not be to re-enact the 24th and 25th articles of the
by-laws, and theie1 v lo do what the Treasury
Oidei does—excludiT tVse notes .'gam, as they
weie before the n ne of the icmoval of the depo-
sites1 T ■• ill the li lends and advocates of a Na-
tional I is. ihen, the objection of inconsistency,
gross, i> ng, nirsnlwabU, mconsi tency, attaches'
Th( ir ( jeclio is, can be of no weight—thur com-
plaints are of no force—their sorrow is of no avail—
their gnet is a cloud without rain, until they can
deny tne fact, or explain the difiere nee to the banks
and to the people between an exclusion of State
bark notes by a corporation by-law, and a Trea-
sury Order. They must deny or explain, before
they are entitled to the credit of bi hevmg what they
say, or intending what they piopose. They must
deny or explain, and they can do neither They
must show they have faith in then own woiks, be-
fóle they can ask any body else to believe m them,
and as they cannot do this, they must be set aside
in the discussion, and left out of the debate They
must be left out, so far as replies to them would
apply. Reply to them is useless, so long as they
remain in their contiadictory and inexplicable
position
But there is another class of objectors to this
Treasury Older who are entitled to replies—the
class which is opposed to a National Bank, and
consequently free from inconsistency, and free
from the appearance of being for and against the
same measure in the same breath This, class are
entitled to replies, and they shall have them with
the freedom and fullness which truth and confi-
dence inspire^ I say to that class, then, that they
are totally mi'taken' mistaken in every particular,
and at e'ery point' Mistaken in. tnen opmon cf
the mtere t of the settlers in the new States—mis-
taken in their opinión of the interest ot the new
States—mistaken in then opinion that it is an in-
dignity to the new States—mistaken in their op -
man of the interest of the public Treasury—mtv
taken in their epmion of the interest of the banks
—mistaken in their opinion of the wshes ot the
Western people—and utteily mistaken m their
opinion that there is no more evil to be appre-
hended from receiving bank notes for lands than
for receiving them for custom house duties. The
whole a budget of blunders—the whole a chapter
of mistakes, and so I will demonstrate to them
now, and so will time prove to them in a few short
years.
And first, as to the interest of the settlers in the
new States To all such settlers, whether now in
these new States, or to go there hereafter, the Trea-
sury Order- that order which requires hard money
from all persons for public lands—is the most equi-
table and beneficent that ever emanated from the
Federal Government. In the first place, it is a
pre-emption law, in substance and in effect, though
not m name It protects the settlers, and the pur-
chasers (or cultivation, from the competition of
bank facility speculators and paper money capi-
talists. These characters, as long as paper money
is receivable for public land, have undue advan-
tages ovei the settlers and cultivators. They come
with bundles and bales of papei, borrowed at the
banks, and outbid the settlers at the public sales,
and they sweep the townships at private entry,
when there are no public sales While fanners are
waiting to get m a condition to purchase some
quarter sections near him, either to extend his
farm, orto procure future homes for his childien,
along comes a bank facility character, with hi-,
quaes and reims of paper money, aad sweeps a
township of all lis \ acant 1 md at once So it has
bejn hcrstofort, so it will be again TheTreasuiy
Order of July 11, 1836, protected the settler^ and
cultivators from the competition and monopolies ot
these characters from the (Uy it issued to the pre-
sent moment, and so it would continue to do if it
remained m force. We all profess—all who come
from the new States proles —to be m favor ol a
pie-emption law, and yet here is an Iiwutive íe-
gulation operating as a pre-emption law, and con-
ferring the essential advantages of such a law, and
}et many of the new St<ue Representatives and S>-
nators are for repealing it, ana lepealmg it brfote
the pre emptioii bill is passed which «a, sent 'rom
this chamber to the House of Repicsentalives so
many months a<ro We have no pie-cmption law
now, nor any tmng ns a o' i uue lor it but this
Treasury Orki, letwi rrpeiltheord r, and run
the risk ol Mi'ijeeti i_, all the settlers to the competi-
tion of papi money biddeis and bank note manu-
facturers 1 ven i! our prp emption bill was passed,
it would only protect settlers up to the close of the
I ist year, while the Treasury Order would protect
all up to the present time, and m all time to come.
Regarding the order, then, as a species of pre emp-
tion law, opeiating perminently, uniformly, and
equally m favor of all settlers against competition
and interference from speculators and paper mo-
ney capitalists, I cannot consent to aid m rescind-
ing it
In the second place, the Treasury Order is a
complete protection to the people from the impo-
sitions and losses resulting from the fluctuation ■,
and changes m what is called " land office money"
as long as bank notes arc received All the notes
of all the banks in the Union cannot be received.
That is impossible, without surrendering the pub-
lic lands at once to pillage, and the pul lie Treasury
to disgrace and bankruptcy All the notes of 900
banks cannot be rece ved, the.e must be selections
and limitations, and m making these selections
and limitations, there is a dangerous latitule allow-
ed to those who make the selections, end binks may
be selected and better ones rejected, and peipetual
changes will be inevitable What is land office
money in one place is not land office money in
another place, what is receivable to-day may not
be receivable to-morrov , and the industrious, haid-
working cultivator and settler is the vicum of all
these uncertaint es and vanat ons. The farmer i>
the sufferer, he who,renote fum the seat of power,
and occjpied with his me í'onoi s labors, )e ins
nothing of these changes until after they arc made,
and, after obtaining at a premium one supply oí
land office money, has to change it for another,
paying another premium, at the same tune giving
as good, oi better not s, thin those wmch he re-
cen ed To such a tlegree had this evil grown,
when local notes were receivable, that the abuse
had ripened into a trade, aid at most of the land
ofiVes brokers were stationed to prey upon the
f.i i mer when he came in, by accommodating him with
land office money—giving him notes no better than
those he brought, and receiving five or ten per
cent, premium. Agamst this abuse there was no
protection, for the land office money was always
changing with the changing credit of the hanks,
the change of order: , and the sense of duty in
some, the caprice of others, and the interested
views of more, among those to whom the powea?
of selection and rejection was confided. To save
themselves from these impositions, many farm-
ers supplied themselves with hard money, even,
when notes were receivable; and many will
continue to do it. It is an illusion and a dream
to suppose that the agricultural community are
benefitted by paper money payments for lands.
They have to give the premium for land office
paper money, as well as for hard money, if the pa-
per they have in hand is not equivalent to specie.
If it is not equivalent, the Government ought not
toicceiveit. If it is equivalent, it can be ex-
changed for specie without lo*s The whole bene-
fit ot receiving pap^r for lands goes to speculators.
The evils of it fall upon the farmers and the Go-
vernment, and to the farmers on? of the great
evils is th. perpetual changes m the list of receiva-
ble paper. From such changes, the uniform and
iimple rule of hard money payments is the only
safe and practicable relief That farmers cannot
obtain the hard money m sufficient quantities to
buy the lands is an opmion disproved by the expe-
rience of the last year. The Treasury Order was
then in full force, and, beside  that, the banks had
suspended specie payments. Yet the hard money
received for the lands exceeded seven millions of
dollars, being the largest sales ever made, exeept
in the years of wild speculation.
A third injury to the settler and cultivator from
the use of paper money in the land sales, is in the
fie t, lhat the sales aie for ready money to them,
and on credit to their bank facility competitors.
The act of 1S20 abolishes credit, and this abolition
ib. complete upon the farmer, he has to earn his
money before he pays it But the speculator, in-
stead of earning the money, borrows it of a bank
and so gets the land upon credit. It is to him a
credit sale, the only difference is, that the banks give
the credit instead ot the Government. To the par-
ties concerned, it is the same thing as if the old
credit system was still in force in behalf of specu-
lates, and not in force in behalf oí farmers. And
thus the settlers and cultivators are put to the dis-
advantage of competing with those who are pur-
chasing on credit, while they themselves are pur-
chasing for ready money.
For these reasons, being a few out of many that <
might be offered, I íonsidei the reusion of the
Treasury Order as decidedly injurious to the inte-
rests of the settlers and cultivatots, and being al-
wa>s on their side against speculators and monopo-
lizers., I should adhere to the order on their account,
even if there were no other reasons for doing so.
The nexi mistaken opinion, as I conceive it to
be, Is in the supposed injurious effects of this order
upon the general interests ot the new States It is
alleged by gentlemen to be injurious to those
States, but they do not explain wheiein, and it is
impossible to discover how it is so On Ihe contra-
ry, I can easily see how this order operates largely
and most bpneficially in their favor It causes the
emigrants lo carry gold and silver into the country,
and it is almost the-only way to get it into the inte-
rior. Hard money does not grow in the new
States, it is an exotic production, chiefly coming
frc m foreign countries, and New York and New
Oileans are the two principal points of its importa-
tion. The new States are entitled to a share of the
pi ecious metals, they cannot carry on their business
w ithont specie In the revival of the currency of
the Constitution, and m its increase in six years
from, twenty millions to one hundred millions
of dollars, they are entitled to their proportion of
these advantages, but how to obtain it is the
question The gold and silver airive at the sea
ports, the mints also are at the sea ports, except
the local gold mints of Georgia and North Caro-
lina. The gi eat importations, and the great coin-
age, are both at the sea ports, and now how is the
diffusion of these importations and of this coinage
to be effected, so as to give to the interior and
frontier States their fair proportion of the preciou 
