356
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1858.
25th Cong-"-2nd Sess.
Indian Hostilities—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
whole conduct in relation to Powell to have been
justifiable, under the laws of civilized or savage
warfare; that it was expedient in point of policy;
and that if any blame could attach to the General,
it would be for the contrary of that with which he
is blamed; it would be for an excess of forbearance
and indulgence.
The justification of the General for the seizure
and detention of this half-breed Indian, is the first
point; and that rests upon several and distinct
grounds, either of which fully justifies the act.
1. This Powell had broken Ms parole; and there-
fore, was liable to be seized and detained.
The facts were these: In the month of May,
1837, this Powell, with his followers, went into
Fort Mellon, under the cover of a white flag, and
there surrendered to Lieutenant Colonel Harney.
He declared himself done with the war, and ready
to emigrate to the west of the Mississippi, and soli-
cited subsistence and transportation for himself and
his people for that purpose. Lieutenant Colonel
Harney received him, supplied him with provi-
sions, and, relying upon his woid and apparent
sincerity, instead of sending him under guard, took
his parole to go to Tampa Bay, the place at which
he preferred to embark, to take shipping there for
the West. Supplied with every thing, Powell and
his people left Fort Mellon, under the pledge to go
to Tampa Bay. He never went there! but re-
turned to the hostiles; and it was afterwards ascer-
tained that he never had any idea of going West,
but merely wished to live well for a while at the
expense of the whites, examine their strength and
position, and return to his work of blood and pil-
lage. After this, he had the audacity to approach
Genera! Jesup's camp in October of the same year,
with another piece of white cloth over his head,
thinking, after his successful treacheries to the
agent, General Thompson, and Lieutenant Colonel
Harney, that there was no end to his tricks upon
white people. General Jesup ordered him to be
seized and carried a prisoner to Sullivan's Island,
where he was treated with the greatest humanity,
and allowed every possible indulgence and gratifi-
cation. This is one of the reasons in justification
of General Jesup's conduct to that Indian, and it is
sufficient of itself; but there are ethers, and they
shall be stated.
3. Powell had violated an order in coming in, ivilh
a view to return to the hostiles; and, therefore, was
liable to be detained.
The facts were these: Many Indians, at different
times, had come in under the pretext of a determi-
nation to emigrate; and after receiving supplies,
and viewing the strength and position of the troops,
returned again to the hostiles, and cairied on the
war with renewed vigor. This had been done re-
peatedly. It was making a mockery of the white
flag, and subjecting our officers to ridicule as well
as to danger. General Jesup resolved to put an
end to these treacherous and dangerous visits, by
which spies and enemies obtained access to the
bosom of his camp. He made known to the chief,
Coi Hadjo, his determination to that effect. In
August, 1837, he declared peremptorily to this
chief, for the information of all the Indians, that
none were to come in, except to remain, and to
emigrate; that no one coming into his camp again
should be allowed to go out of it, but should be
considered as having surrendered with a view to
emigrate under the treaty, and should be detained
for that purpose. In October, Powell came in, in
violation of that order, and was detained in com-
pliance with it. This is a second reason for the
justification of General Jesup, and is of itself suf-
ficient to justify him: but there is more justification
yet, and I will state it.
3. Powell had broken a truce, and, therefore, roas
liable to be detained whenever he couldbe taken.
The facts were these: The hostile chiefs entered
into an agreement for a truce at Fort King, in Au-
gust, 1837, and agreed: 1. Not to commit any act
of hostility upon the whites ; 2. Not to go east of
the St. Johns river, or noith of Fort Mellon. This
truce was broken by the Indians in both points. A
citizen was killed by them, and they passed both to
the east of the St. Johns and far north of Fort
Mellon.   As violators of this truce, General Jesup
had a right to detain any of the hostiles which
came into his hands, and Powell was one of these.
Here, sir, are three grounds of justification,
either of them sufficient to justify the eonduct of
General Jesup towards Powell. The first of the
three reasons applies personally and exclusively to
that half breed; the other two apply to all the hos-
tile Indians, and justify the seizure and detentioa of
others, who have been sent to the West.
So much for justification; now for the expe-
diency of having detained this Indian Powell. I
hold it was expedient to exercise the right of de-
taining him, and prove this expediency by reasons
both a priori and a posteriori. His previous treache-
ry and crimes, and his well known disposition for
further treachery and crimes, made it right for the
officers of the United States to avail themselves
of the first justifiable occasion to put an end to his
depredations by confining his person until the war
was over, This is a reason a priori. The reason
a posteriori is, that it has turned out right; it has
operated well upon the mass of the Indians, be-
tween eighteen and nineteen hundred of which,
negroes inclusive, have since surrendered to Gen.
Jesup. This, sir, is a fact which contains an argu-
ment which overturns all that can be said on this
floor against the detention of Powell. The Indians
themselves do not view that act as perfidious or
dishonorable, or the violation of a flag, or even the
act of an caemy. They do not condemn General
Jesup on account of it, but no doubt respect hint
the more for refusing to be made the dupe of a
treacherous artifice. A bit of while linen, stripped,
perhaps from the body of a murdered child, or its
murdered mother, was no longer to cover the in-
sidious visits of spies and enemies. A firm and
manly course was taken, and the effect was good
upon the minds of the Indians. The number since
surrendered is proof of its effect upon their minds;
and this proof should put to blush the lamentations
which are here set up for Powell, and the censure
thrown upon General Jesup.
No, sir, no. General Jesup has been guilty of
no perfidy, no fraud, no violation of flags. He has
«'one nothing to stain his own character, or to dis-
honor the flag of the United States. If he has erred,
it has been on the side of humanity, generosity,
and forbearance to the Indians. If he has erred,
as some suppose, in losing time to parley with the
Indians, that error has been on the side of huma-
nity, and of confidence in them. But has he erred?
Has his policy been erroneous Has the country
been a loser by his policy? To all these questions,
let results give the answer. Lst the twenty-two
hundred Indians, abstracted lrom the hostile ranks
by his measures, be put in contrast with the two
hundred, or less, killed and taken by his predeces-
sors. Let these results be compared; and let this
comparison answer the question whether, in point
of fact, there has been any error, even a mistake of
judgment, in his mode of conducting the war.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Pres-
ton] complains of the length of time which Gene-
ral Jesup has consumed without bringing the war
to a close. Here, again, the chapter of compari-
sons must be resorted to in order to obtain the an-
swer which justice requires. How long, I pray
you, was General Jesup in command? from De-
cember, 1836, to May, 1838; nominally he was
near a year and a half in command; in reality not
one year, for the summer months admit of no mili-
tary operations in that peninsula. His predecessors
commanded from December, 1836, to December,
1836; a term wanting but a few months of as long
a period as the command of General Jesup lasted.
Sir, there is nothing in the length of time which this
general commanded, to furnish matter for disad-
vantageous comparisons to him; but the contrary.
He reduced the hostiles about one-half in a year
and a half; they reduced them about the one-
twentieth in a year. The whole number was
about 5,000; General Jesup diminished their num-
bers, during his command, 2,200; ihe other
generals had reduced them about 150. At the rate
he proceeded, the work would be finished hi about
three yeais; at the rate they proceeded, in about
twenty years. Yet he is to be censured here for
the length of time consumed without brim <nz, the
war to a close.   He, and he alone, is sekcted for
censure. Sir, I dislike these comparisons; it is a
disagreeable task for me to make them; but I am
driven to it, and mean no disparagement to others.
The violence with which General Jesup is assailed
here—the comparisons to which he has been sub-
jected in order to degrade him—leave me no alter-
native but to abandon a meritorious officer to
unmerited censure, or to defend him in the same
manner in which he has been assailed.
The Senator from South Carolina speaks of the
large force which was committed toGeneralJesup,
and the little that was effected with that force. Is
the Senator aware of the extent of the country over
which his operations extended? that it extended
from 31 to 25 degrees of north latitude? that it be-
gan in the Okefenokee swamp in Georgia, and
stretched to the Everglades in Florida? that it was
near five hundred miles in length in a straight line,
and the whole sprinkled over with swamps, one of
which alone was equal in length to the distance
between Washington City and Philadelphia? But
it was not extent of country alone, with its fast-
nesses, its climate, and its wily foe, that had to be
contended with; a new element of opposition was
encountered by General Jesup, in the poisonous
information which was conveyed to the Indians'
minds, which encouraged them to hold out, and of
which he had not even knowledge for a long time.
This was the quantity of false information."which
was conveyed to the Indians, to stimulate and en-
courage their resistance. General Jesup took com-
mand just after the Presidential election of 1836.
The Indians were informed of this change of Pre-
sidents, and were taught to believe that the white
people had broke General Jackso —that was the
phrase—had broke General Jackson for making
war upon them. They were also informed that
General Jesup was carrying on the war without
the leave of Congress; that Congress would give no
more money to laise soldiers to fight them; and that
he dared not come home to Congress. Yes, he
dared not come home to Congress! These poor In-
dians seem to have been informed of intended
movements against the General in Congress, and
to have relied upon them both to stop supplies and
to punish the General. Moreover, they were told,
that, if they surrendered to emigrate, they would
receive the worst treatment on the way; that, if a
child cried, it would be thrown overboard; if a
chief gave offence, he would be put in irons. Who
the immediate informants of all these fine stories
were, cannot be exactly ascertained. They doubt-
less originated with that mass of fanatics, devoured
by a morbid sensibility for negroes and Indians,
which are now jDon Q,«ixoííing over the land, and
filling the public ear with so many sympathetic
tales of their own fabrication. The Cherokees
who went among the Seminóles are reported to
have encouraged them to remain in the country,
though to cease fighting.
These false and poisonous reports, sent among
the Indians, greatly increased the difficulties of Ge-
neral Jesup. They encouraged them to hold out,
and poisoned their minds against him personally.
Under all these disadvantages, it is wonderful
that he did so much; especially that he succeeded
so well in gaining their confidence, and inducing so
large a number of them to come m. The hostiles
were computed at five thousand souls at the com-
mencement of the war; near one-half of them have
been withdrawn from the war by-the measures of
General Jesup. The negroes, whose influence was
so great among the Indians, and whose ferocity
was so implacable against the whites, have nearly
all surrendered. They were computed at 4 or 500
at the breaking out of the war; not 40 now remain;
and thus this most insidious, dangerous, and fe-
rocious part of the enemy—that portion to which,
and to Powell, we are indebted for the war—are
now reduced to nothing, and their weight no
longer to be dreaded or felt. 1 repeat: General
Jesup has withdrawn nearly one-half of the whole
number of Indians from the hostile ranks; let any
other commander do as much, and the peninsula
is cleared of all its enemies.
The essential policy of General Jesup has been
to induce the Indians to come in—to surrender—
and to emigrate under the treaty. This has been
his main, but not his exclusive, policy; military
