May, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLÜÉE.
359
25th ConG""2nb Sess.
Indian Hostilities—Mr. Turney,
H. of Reps.
prevent any further legislative action on the sub-
ject, an honorable gentleman from Virginia, not
now a member of this House, [Mr. Patton,] of-
fered a resolution, the object and provisions of
■which were well understood by thrsJ House and by
the country On the passage of the resolution, there
ivas not a member opposed to the late and present
Administrations from a free State who voted for
it. "Was this the work of party, or was it fanati-
cism'! if it was not the effect of p&rty spirit and
party discipline, it was strange that this fanati-
cal enthusiasm should be confined a'one to a
set of gentlemen who entertained:certain political
opinion  Why did it not infuse itself among the
Democrats from the same Slates* But this is not
all. This irritating and exciting question was be-
fore the Legislature of the State of New York, and
in that body the two great parties of this nation
were divided, an I the newspapers inform us that
it was strictly a paity vote in both hout.es, the op-
ponents of the present Administration voting in
favor of Abolition, and the iriends of lhe Adminis-
tration against it In the House, where the Opposi-
tion had the majority, the reso'utions passed, in the Se-
nate, where the ¿}dm ni$ti atwn had the majot ily, they
were rejected This has very much the appearance
of pirty spirit an 1 party action, for the purpose
of effecting pirly objects and purposes. I coulj
refer the House to the resolutions passed by the
Legislatures of other State-, of similar import, but
it is unnecessary I will, however, read to the
committee another authority, it is one, I presume,
my colleague u ill not object to
[Mr. T here read an extract from a speech deli-
vered by Mr Bf'l to his constituents, m Nash-
ville, on toe 23d 'Uaj, 1835 In speaking of par-
ties, Mr Bell said
' Aproscubel ii1 d «retarde! mmonty respectable for its
numbeis us taLif and even foi the virtues of many of its
membeis—fen \, ue ¡3 nevei the exclusive attribute uf any
one pai'y—such i mino ity is always tempted, in resentment of
its real-or imaginary vnwigs, in redress of usviolated privileges
as America i citzms in being deprived of all actual participa,
tion in the Govi íment of the country—compelled to obey
laws indtobe he subjects of apo'icy, prescribed and dnected
exclusively by th°ir pponenu. Such ■&• minority, 1 repeal,
is constantly temuu 1 lo seize up >n every vexed and iriuating
ques ton tatnal r lj ion cai^eicilh IhespilltoffanaliPitm
itself, m an eff r i-,ht, or, atalleverifs, to avenge, their mju
rie     This is tli  dai get of our system    It is still party '
Has rov colleague, to use his own language,
s  7e\ "upoi his vexed and nritating question,"
and made com i c n cause with the Abolitionists, for
the purpose revenge1 And is this the course
which his pany h ^s adopted, and are now pursuing,
foi the purpose oí turning their adversaries out,
and placing ti «msfives m power? If so, the people
ought to kiow n Yes, sir, this is an attempt on
the part of th>= Federal party to unite, by these
means, the enl re Chuich in the free States, hop n?,
by such mfliT"! °s, to pain the ascendancy, and
place themselves m power. If they should be able
to aocomp1 sh ' •> object, what will be the condi-
tion of tbi-. haprij Repub c1 A union not only of
Bank and Government, 6ti{ also « union of Church
and Gowe  iitii nl Whenever the Church shall unite
upon any co^mii object, and shall acquire strength
and influence eioagh to control the Presidential
elections, ar>d shall enter into the political party
ttnfes of the t mes, then, I say, the liberties of the
people are great'y endangered They may free the
slaves, but this t i'l not be all, for the Church will
enter vour legis' mve halls, dictate the policy of the
Government, an 1 give shape and substance to your
laws
My colleague, in his Hartford speech, pronounc-
ed the war in Florida an xngloiious war. I will not
do him the injustice to suppose that he meant by
this language to say that oui armies were disgraced
by any covvardlv conduct How, then, is this war
inglorious1 Has this Government demanded any
thing more of the Indians than it is entitled to by
the provisions of a treaty fairly made, and upon a
full and adequa e consideration? Did he not, him-
self, vote for the appropriations to carry this trealv
into execution' He certainly did. And has he
not, from tim~ to time, voted for the appropria-
tions to carry on this vv ar1 Yes, sir. Then I would
inquire what new light has smce burst on his vi-
sion to prove the war was inglorious1 The Aboli-
tionist would siy that the war was inglorious, be-
cause the South desired to settle these lands with a
slaveholding population, and thereby to give
strength and importance to the s'aveholding inte-
rest of the Union, but this is a reason which my
colleague [Mr. Bell] dare not give. He must
find one more congenial to Southern feelings. I
leave it for him to do so. Again: my colleague,
in this same Hartford speech, said:
"I will refer to a few prominent measures of our present and
late Administrations First I shall notice ¡a you that by the
pernicious course which has been pursued, the Congress of the
union, that safeguard and bulwark of our liberties as formed
by our Constitution, has been, both in substance and in effect,
abrogated and repealed The Constitution has been constant
ly, habitually, trampled on and violated by the Executive, and
a passive, timid, ume servina majority obtained in bothHeuses
The Senate, which was originally constituted as a check upon
the Executive, has ceased to be so any longer, the State Legis
latures, bought over and led by a p vty to make such nomina
tions as were required of them have sent instruments who are
obedient to the mandates of the Piesident, and not only of the
Piesldent, but to the heads of his party "
This is a grave charge, t^e Executive should
have been impeached I  remains, therefore, to
inquire whether it be true, and if true, why was not
the charge made at a proper time, and in a proper
manner1 In what, I would inquire, was the Con-
stitution trampled on and violated1 He does not
condescend to tell us, and unless he will inform us
in what particular, when, and m what manner, the
Constitution was violated, it will not be possible to
answer and refute the charge But who were, I
ask, "this passive, timid, and time-serving majo-
rity in both Houses of Congress1" What pai t did
my colleague act? Did he sland up and manfully
defend the Constitution as the great palladium of
American liberty, against the lawless encroach-
ments of the President and his degraded adherents?
Or, did he give, in his own language, "his passive,
timid, and time-serving ail," assistance, and sup-
port, to the Executive m his v olaticn of that sa-
cred instrument? He, sir, as I will ow you be-
fore I have done, was a devoted leader of that
"passive, timid, and time-serving" majority which
he denounces with so much bitterness m his
Hartford speech. But, s  , to pursue this cele-
brated speech a little farther.   My colleague sai]
"General Jackson professed economy How did he practise
if From an expend tine of #13000 000 he raided the expenses
of the Government to th ty millions' Did not Jackson say that
patronag  ought to be limited? Yes But still he doubled the
Executive patronage m ten years' Did not Jackson manifest a
desire to exercise a questionable authority whiie he expressed
his opinion on the dinger of giving to the Executive too much
power? '
Who raised the expenditures of this Government
from thirteen <o thirty millions1 Was this the
work of General Jackson1 or, was it the acts of
Congress1 3} the Constitution, no monev can be
drawn from the Treasury o  tb  tinned States
law    For what
s i , Ps my co'-
•, "' purooses1
i          iese profli-
, in his Nash-
3 c "nf gaie to
¡' i'evoted a/id
.   ,J is   x"}    col-
except b} appropriations mad? '
was this money expended
league alleges, for corrup' nid
If so, then I would mqu -e \\c
fate appropriations1 My t n
ville speech, says that in eve'v
the Jldmmistra'ien of Gener ¡ J
zealous support " Then, sn,
league who vote! these corruj * ni piofligate
appropriations He, by voting these appropria-
tions, increased the expenditmes from thirteen
to thirty millions, and, by "his devoted and
zealous support," trampled on and violated
the Constitution, and increased the Executive
patronage, and he was a devoted and zealous
leader of this "passive, timid, and time-serving
majority," who "gave in every instance his devoted
and zealous support" to all the measures which he
now alleges "trampled on and violated^the Consti-
tution," which doubled the Executive patronage,
and increased the expenditures of the Government
from thirteen to thirty millio is This, Mr Chair-
man, is like the conduct of a man who had been as-
sociated with a lawless banditti in the perpetration
of crimes, and becoming apprehensive that they
would be detee'ed, treacherously tLins Slates' evi-
dence against his companions, discloses the whole
of their crimes, and expose the infamy of his own
conduct I will again read you ircm my col-
league's speech
"Did he (Genera! Jackson) not even grasp m Ins ow n hands
all the powers of the Executive for many year&i Did he not
complain of theconupt system of appointing member  nf Con
gress to official station? And still he appointed ten foi e\ ery
one appointed by his predecessors, he would mention no names
' but he would freely appeal to his colleagues in Congress from
Kentucky and Connecticut, if he has not done so day after day,
and month after month, for seven years, and he could point at
members who were known to grve their votes for the promised
reward Were not the observations and predictions of those
who warred against the system, fulfilled by the nomination to
office of the profligate and the venal, as soon as the session had
terminated
Here, sir, he makes the charge explicitly, that
Gen. Jackson, for the last seven years of his admi-
nistration, was in the constant habit of bribing, with
appointments to office, members of Congress to
vote for his corrupt measures, and that he ccnUd
point to members who were known to give their
votes for the promised reward. What was the duty
of my colleague to himself, his country, and to his
constituents, who had confided to him the high
honor and important duty of guarding the Consti-
tution, of preserving the integrity and purity of the
Government, and of promoting the best interests
and prosperity of the people? Could he, consist-
ently with his duty in lhe discharge of the high and
important trust confided to him, not only studious-
ly conceal from the public and from his immedi-
ate constituents, who had thus confided in him,
such base and infamous conduct on the part of the
Executive for seven long years; but to be m the
dally habit of not only denying those charges of
corruption, but of supporting and sustaining the
Executive in their perpetration, by his votes,
hts contenance, and by his speeches, m
and out of Congress' Is there then the
slightest foundation m fact for this foul
charge"? Can it, I again inquire, be possible that
my colleague1 would, for seven long years, care-
fully conceal from the public and from his ■ mme-
diate constituents, to whom he was under high obh-
gaiions, not only to represent them faithfully and
truly, but of rendering to them an honest and faith-
ful account, not only of his own course, but of the
official conduct of their other public servants as
might be interesting and important to them, could
he, under such circumstances, and consistently
with his duty and honor, suppress and conceal
such base and corrupt conduct? If he did so con-
ceal such corruptions his conduct in concealing
was as infamous and corrupt as that with which he
charges th' late President. Be , sir, what proof
does he offer to sustain this charge11 Not a word.
True, he refers to his colleagues from Kentucky
and Connecticut; but which of them, and what they
would stare, he lea /es to conjecture. I will, Mr.
Chairman, before I take my seat, prove to you that
not only this, but the whole catalogue of hu>
charges, are utterly unfounded in. fact, and hav e
not the semblance of truth to sustain them
I will again read you my colleague's own lan-
guage to his constituents m 1835, from this same
Nashville speech My colleague, speaking of Gene-
ral Jackson, said
" \ map towards whom I have never yet failed m showing
a proper respect and whose Admn istntion I have/" ihfi ty
fiipport^d, and in every instance with that degree of zeal
which could consistently and reasonably be L^pccted romme "
Again, my colleague m his speech says that
" Opposition lo the Administration of General Tackson 1s?
the course whKh the worst enemies of ludgs Wli fe desire h b
friends to adopt they are so anxious upon tins pom*, that t icy
appeal determined to put Judge White and his friondsin ot p >
eition, whether they will or not But gentlemen, thf fnen 3s
of Judge White will adhere to Gen Jac/*an and hit, Admi
■m*>ti ation fiom cons stency, and a respect for their own cha
racters and because they will ho supporting their ow i prm
ciples "
Now, sir, I have fulfilled my promise, by show-
ing you that my colleague, who has denounced the
Administration of Gen. Jackson, and the conduct
of that party in Congress which supported and --us-
tamed his measures, as being one scene of coirup-
tion and violation of the Constitution from lhe be-
ginning to the end, was a leader of thai paity, a"d
gave his zealous sitppoi t to all those measures which
he now denounces as being corrupt and in viola-
tion of the Constitution He tells his constituents
that he will adhere to General Jackson and his
Administration, because, in so doing, he will be
supporting his own principles What principles
does he mean1 Does he mean those principles
which, in his Hartford speech, he denounced as be-
ing m violation of the Constitution, of doublns
Executive patronage, and corruptly increasing the
expenditures of the Government1 These are the
principles which he, when addressing his constitu-
ents, claimed for his owa.   Was my colleague can-
