►IX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                        May, 183;8.
366_________
25th Cong---2nd Sess.
cal humanity of our first Chief Magistrate, and
has been sanctioned by all who have come after
him¡ and thoagh it may be Said of Geneial Jack-
Son that more has been done under his Adminis-
tration to carry out this great work, in v. hich every
philanthropist must feel an abiding mtetest, it
does not show the whole credit to be his, or that
the policy itself is wrong. The honorable gentle-
man will take upon himself a task of no ordinal y
character, when he attempts to prove that what is
understood to be our Indian policy, is either wrong
in itself, or will be productive of results fatal to
them or to the whites.
The honorable gentleman, as is somewhat com-
mon in this House on particular occasions, re-
minds us of the danger of a large standing army to
the liberties of the peopl , and that «•;-'„ an ¿rrr)y
wm become nec£,ary> m 01jcr to protcct our
we..tern front' r, if the Indiatn are all concentrated
fir the West of the Miss osippi He informs us, from
our experience m the Semino e war, that we have
fou'il thit it was necessary to have sefcert American
iüMiers to contend against one Indian warrior, that
Mhen the Cherol-ees shiH n.ich ihen western
home, the mighty tribes can number sr\ty thou-
sand warriors, which would reqim , according to
our late expenenc in Florida, a standing army of
upwards of three hundred thousand soldiers to pro-
tect that Irontier, and hold the raí ages in check,
and the honoiable gentleman concludes that the
policy is unwise, because it will necessarily lead to
this overgrown standing aimy, that is to swallow
up the liberties of the people. Sir, I cannot think
there is much force in his view of the question.
The honorable gentleman greatly underrates the
characttrof the American so'hers, if such is his
opinion. But I regard the immense army spoken
Of by the gentleman as imaginary, and that he en-
tertains too much respect for the courage of our
soldier^, to disparage them by any such comparison
Mr. Chairman, the honorable gentleman m>isis
that we can live side by side, with the thdiftns in
harmony, and that it would be humanity and jus-
tice in Georgia to permit the Cherokees to remain
on the land ot their fathers. Sir, this is the feeling
of manv gentlemen, who have either forgotten the
lessons of all experience, or know but little of In
dian character How often has the experiment
been tnedv andwhele can you point to a «olitary
instance of permanent good resulting to the savage?
No sooner do } ou bring the wh tc and red man
in. Close contact in the same community than the
latter falls into all the vices and errors of the for-
mer, imitating none of his virtues Sir, I have
seen something of Indian character, I know some-
thing of the demoralizing influence upon the White
and red man by placing them in contiguous neigh-
borhoods, and I should regaid it as one of the
greatest moial evils that could befall the Cherokees
to remain in their present situation Belter for
them that they be driven at the point of the bayo
net to their western homes, than to remain where
rum, wretchedness, and misery await them. "Why,
from the beginning, such should be so, I will not
attempt to explain, but that the fact exists, all
must admit. Then, sir, should we now halt
¡n our career, again to makp experiments that
have, as ofren as repeated, led its victims to the
altar? Is it not the part of wisdom, is it not our
duty, to provide for etils that exist, to treat the
condition of these Indians as a practical question,
rather than indulge in morbid sympathies and bit
ter railings, that the laws of nature have fixed an
insuperable barrier between the moral condition ot
the savage aud the christian? In all this there is a
providence beyond the ken of man, stuoborn and
unalterable laws of nature, that will neiiher yield
to our entreaties, nor disappear at our bid ling
Mr Chairman, the honorable gentleman, with his
accustomed earnestness of manner, asked, would
not Georgia consent to pay an additional sum of
money to induce the Indians to emigrate sooner
than engage in a war ? Yes, to bribe Ross and
his party to sanction this treaty, rather than see
war raging on our soil? I would deprecate as
much as any man living a conflict with the Chero-
kees. I will pursue no course here or elsewhere,
with the intention of bringing about such a result,
but, sir, I will never vote one dollar to bribe a
Indian Hostilities—Mr. Haynes.
faithless man to sanction the supreme law of this
land. Others, who take a ¿liferent view of the
subject, may vote John Ross million upon million
for pacification. I shall not complain at that, but,
as one of the representatives of Georgia, I cannot
consent, by any vote of mine, to purchase the
peace of my constituents at the hands of John
Ross. And has it come to this, that the treaty
which has been so often bn this floor denounced
as fraudulent, as a foul blot upon our national
character, as a crying sin invoking the vengeance
of heaven, is at last to be punned, stripped bf its
infamy, made worthy the support of all that have
denounced it, by voting two or three millions to
John Ross and his friends  I rejoice, sir, that
tlié irue issue has, afier all, been presented. John
Ross is now, as he always has been iron, the first
moment, in the market Giro him 0«e bf two
millions, and the entue control of the five millions
embraced in the treaty, with the power of conduct-
ing the emigration of the Indian^, and all his
a tachment for the land of his fathers, the soil of
his i; uh, will die m that false ana treicheroas
bosom, unlamenting the necessity that compels the
sepai ation
For one, Mr Chairman, whatever may be the
consequence, I can conceive of nothing I would
not prefer lo placma my State by any vote of mine
in a situation so humiliating. I will never consent
to vote one dollai to bribe Ro«s, or extend the emi-
gration one day bevonu the time prescribed in the
treaty.
SUPPRESSION  OP  INDIAN  HOSTILITIES.
,    SPEECH OF MR HAYNES,
Of Georgia,
In the House of Representatives, May 28 and 29,1838—
In Committee of the Whole on the bill making ap-
propriations for preventing and suppressing In-
dian hostilities for the year 1838, and for arrear-
ages for the j ear 1837.
Mr HAYNES Addressed the Committee as fol-
lows
Mr. Chairman When I first came into this House,
in 1825, it was in the midst bf an Indian contro-
versy between the then Executive of the United
States and the State of Georgia, and no one can
regret more than I do, that, after having occup ed
a seat here, first and last, for more than twelve
years, and when the period of my public service is
drawing te a close, I should find myself under the
necessity of once more entering into the discussion
of such a subject tt is with the deepest regret,
and alone under the strongest sense of duty to my
constituents and myself, that I could be induced to
take any part m this discussion. But, sir, I should
be recreant to the trust reposed in me by an intel-
ligent and confiding people—I should be false to
the honor which belongs to my character as their
representative—if I could sit by and hear the de-
nunciations which have been hurled against the
State of which I am one of the representatives,
wrhout endeavoring to repel them. The wide
range of discussion which has been opened before
this committee, renders it indispensable that I
should indulge a scope of remark entirely beyond
what properlv belongs to the bill now under con-
sideration To enable me to do justice to Geor-
gia, uninteresting as it may be, I am compelled to
recur, briefly, to the European colonization of the
American continent It must be well known to
this committee, that the various nations descended
from European stock, now settled on this continent,
emigrated to the portions colonized by them upon
one great and general principle. I may assert,
without fear of contradiction, that from the time
the standard of Ferdinand and Isabella was plant-
ed on the shores of the new world by the great
man who discovered it, the European colonies
were settled m this country upon the principle that
discovery gave a perfect right to soil and jurisdic-
tion over every person and thing whatsoever I
could not better lay down the doctrine, in its appli-
cation to the aboriginal inhabitants, as it has been
carried out and acted upon by every nation which
has established colonies here, than by a reference to
H. of Reps.
remarks made >y a distinguished citizen of 'Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. John (Aoinct Adams,] in an anni-
versary oration delivered by him in commemora-
tion of the landing of the Pilgrims at Plymouth lli
(hat State, in December, 1802.
"The Indian rujht of possession itself stands," gays Mr.
AbAMS, "*i h regard lo thegteatest part of the country, upon
a questionable foundation Their cultivated fields, their con
rttttasd habitations) d «pace of ample suiftciency for tl eif sufe
sistence, and whatevei they had annexed to thetnseltesby peí
sonal labot, were undoubtedly by the laws of nature theirs
But what is the right ofa huntsman to tile forest of a thousand
miles, civet which he has accidentally ranged in quest of nieyl
Shall iHe liberal bounties df PitSvidenee to the rato of man bo
monopolized by one of a thousand foi whom they were ere
ated? Shall the exuberant bosom of the common moihei, am
pty adequate to the nourishment of millions, be claimed exclu
sively by a few hundreds of iier offspiing'? Shall the lordly
savage not only disdain, the vutues and enjoyments of civiliza
lion himself, but shall he control the uviliza'ton of the world?
Shall he forbid the wilderness to blossom like the rose1 gh J'
he foibjd the oaks of the foieet to f ll before the atfe of industry,
ano i tse aga n ti ansformed into the habitations of eace ihd eio
gance? Shall he doom an imn ense ie£{on of the gl jbe to y et
petual desolation, and to heai the howling of tne tigei and the
woll silence iorever the \oice of huu an gladness! i-ball tho
hills and the valleys which a benoftent God has foir^d to
teem }vnh the life of innumerable mul ltudes be condemned to
evet'astit g ba*rcones<I ShalJ the mighty nveis pouied out by
tlie hand of n-ttuie, as cnanne's of comrouwt alien beiweir
nu ncrous nations, loll their waters m sullen «Hence ant) eterna;]
Otltude to the deep? Wave hundreds of commodious harbors
a thousand leagues of coast, and a boundless ocean heen spread
h front of this land, and shall every purpose of utility to which
they could apply be piohibited by theienantofthe woods? !\o,
gcneioua philanthropists Heaven has not heen thus lriconsis
tent in the work of its hands' Heaven has not thus placed at
irreconcilable strife, its moral laws with its physical citation1"
The doctrine contained in this extract is not
only conformable to the system of English coloni-
zation on this continent, but that of every other
European nation which established colonies upon
it. From the settlement of the oldest of the Anglo
ámerioan colonies, from^the settlement of Vir-
ginia in 1606, to that of Georgia, the youngest i*
1733, there is, among the ong nal thirteen States,
but a single exception, in which entire jurisdiction
has not been exercised by them, either as colonies
or States, over the Indians within their respective
limits, as will be found on reference to lheif sta-
tute books. Of all the old thirteen States, Dela-
ware alone has abstained fiom the exercise of such
jurisdiction, and if I am not very much mistaken,
alone for the reason that there was not a single In-
dian tribe within her limits. A srrall portion of
the Ñanücoltes were there, but the body of the
tribe was in Maryland, and subjected tó her juris 
diction. The terms of the statutes of the diffeienf
colonies and States are various, but the principle
sf absolute sovereignty over the aboriginal inhabi-
tants, with the single excepuon of Delaware, is
found in them all It would be easy to sustain the
assertion, that entire sovereignty and jurisdiction
over the Indians was the principle of Anglo Ame-
rican colonization, by reference to the laws of lh*
several colonies and States now composing this
r"mon, but it could not be necessary to inflict such
.abor upon myself, nor so far to tax the patience
of this dommittee, As this principle of jurisdic-
tion over Indians was at first established «pon the
settlement of the colonies, so did our fathers find it
at the commencement of the Revolution. Well,
sir, Georgia stood upon the same footing, bolh as
a colony and a State, with her sisters on this sub-
ject. After the establishment of American inde-
pendence, when the articles of confederation were
found to be insufficient to promote the public wel-
fare, and to secure the blessings which the union
of the S'ates was intended to establish and per-
petuate, when the delegates met in convention in
1787, for the purpose of revising our form of Go-
vernment, we find in the Federal Constitution, that
great and glorious result of their labors, but
a single particular which touches at all
upon the jurisdiction of the several States
oter the Indian tribes within their limits
la fact, the word " Indian" occurs but twice
throughout the whole instrument—once in the
clause which confers the commercial power upon
the General Government, and once m relation to
the persons entitled to be enumerated for represen-
tation in the Congress of the United Stales. Nor
does the Federal Constitution confer any power
upon this Government over Indians, except the
single and simple power to "regulate commerce
with the Indian tribes." We know very well that
for a long series of years, attempts have been made
