)IX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                   May, 1838.
370_______________
25ih CoiíG'-"2nd Scss.
of the Committee on Indian Affairs. I could not
readily express my regret at the altered, or appa-
rently altered, position of my honorable friend, for
personally he is so, and I regret that I cannot call
him my political as well as personal friend, upon
this subject I have taken this occasion to speak
of ihe honorable gentleman from Tennessee, that
he may have the opportunity to set me right if I
have mistaken his present position in. reference to
this question of Indian emigration, in. the iurthe-
rance of which we so heartily co-operated with
each Other eight years ago
What are the considerations which bear upon
this subject of Indian emigration and colonization?
What has been the course of the diffi rent States of
this Union—I mean the original thirteen States—m
regard to the Indian tribes settled wtthm their territo-
ries? I shall not recur to it in a spirit of unkindness, or
for the purpose of awakening unpleasant recollec-
tions, but to contrast lor a moment the fate of the
numerous tribes scattered over this great country,
and subjected to the legislation, as I have .shown,
of twelve of the thirteen original States, with what
will be the condition of such as shall emigrate be-
yond the reach of our population to the west of the
Slates and Territories of the Union. I shall not
attempt to enumerate the Indian wars which have
occurred at various periods of our bistory, nor the
severe enactments of many of the colonies towards
the Indians In many instances, what seems to
have been kind, benevolent, and paternal legisla-
tion, has been exercised towards them, and I may
here say, without intending to make an invidious
distinction between one portion of the country and
another, that the Soufhtrn States have been as re-
markable (might I not say mere so?) for kindness
and indulgence towards the Indian race, as any
other members of this Union. That ancient and
renowned Commonwealth (Virginia) which I am
proud to call my mother, may well compare her le-
gislation over the Indian tribes, for humanity,
kindness, and paternal solicitude, with that of any
ether State in the Union, and what has become of
her Indians?
The honoiable gentleman from that State, [Mr.
Wise] who so vehemently opposes the fulfilment
of the Cherokee treaty, and ?eems to be so much
opposed to the general scheme of Indian emigra
tion, has given us a sad commentary upon the late
of Indians surrounded by a white population, in
his statement of the degraded and now extinct Gm-
gaskms, once flourishing on the eastern shore of
Virginia. Looking throughout the wide extent of
our country, looking back to the numerous and
powerful tribes by which it was covered when our
la'hcrs colonized the American wilderness, let me
ask, where are the dtawbas, the Tuscaroias, the
Not'oways the Pamunkejs, the Nanticokes, the
Delaware?,  ¡e Six Nations, the Narragansetts, the
Pequods, i> c Penobscots, and the thousand other
tribe-, wh.cn ouce covered the land? Gone, buried,
most of tl> m, and the next generation may forget
'heir very existence Does this encourage us in
the course which has been pursued by the various
¡states of this Union towards the Indians? Does
this justify us, as a humane and benevolent peo-
ple, in endeavoring to subject to a. process, by
which all these tribes have been annihilated, or
nearly annihilated, the remnants si ill lingering
among us? I think not, sir. And if any one will
take the trouble to inquire of an ¡intelligent Chero-
kee or Creek, of John Ridije or Chilly Mcintosh,
he will find that the portions of those tribes which
have emigrated to the West are in a more prosper-
ous condition than they have ever been at any for-
mer period of their history On the one side, de-
gradation, decay, and final extinction await them,
on the other, their social, moral, and intellectual ad-
vancement in all the arts of refinement and civili-
zation, with the permanent preservation and eleva-
tion of the Indian race
These are some of the considerations which justi-
fy the great men who have gone before as, and
which should embalm their memory in the heart of
every lover of his kind, for setting on foot this
great scheme of Indian emigration and colonization
in the West. We h,ave been told of the danger to
be áppíehended from embodying so large a number
pf Indians o*n oar W«fl«n frontier, and íbegentle- ¡
Indian Hostilities—Mr. Hayne .
man Irom Virginia [Mr Wise] has seemed to de-
sire to appa) us by arraying an aggregate of more
than three hundred thousand, ready, without warn-
ing, to devastate one of the fairest portions of  ur
country. That gentleman must have forgotten that
much the largest poition of that number exist in
that country independently of any action of ours,
and has overlooked the countervailing force of the
four great Southwestern tribes residing between us
and the wilder and more turbulent portions of their
race For my part, I de not hesitate to express the
confident belief that the Chickasaws, Choctaws,
Cherokees and Creeks, will form for our frontier a
cordon of defence against the wildei tribes beyond
them. The various considerations of interest and
good will which must tend to such a result, it can-
not be necessary for me now to enumerate. I am
aware that I have fatigued the committee by going
into a tedious detail oi the principles of American
colonization by the different nations ot Europe,
and the extent of jurisdiction claimed and exercised
by the colonies over the aboriginal inhabitants of
America. I have, perhaps, added to that fatigue
by the brief and desultory observation? I have made
upon the emigration of the Indians to the West,
but I could not otherwise have placed the subject
in the light in which I think it ought to be viewed
by every benevolent mind from one extre me of our
country to the other
Having, in this imperfect manner, passed over
what seemed to be essential preliminaries, I come
now to make a few brief closing observations upon
the subject immediately before us. I íegret exceed-
ingly the wide range of discussion which has been
indulged in, especially by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Wise,] upon a bill, the single object of
which is to make an appropriation to repiess and
suppress Indian hostilities, and to discharge ar-
rearages for the past. I regret, with no less sin-
cerity, that a topic which has no necessary connec-
tion with the bill, whether the Cherokee treaty be
indeed a treaty or no treaty, should havo been in-
troduced into this discussion But as it is our habit
to discuss any thing and every thing in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, however
immediate or remote its relevancy, it might be con-
sidered indelicate for me to remark further upon it
I will, therefore, come, as briefly as I can, to the
consideration ot that treaty, ihe opposition to
which has rendered a portion of the appropriation
now asked for necessary In the winter of 1834-5,
as the Commiltee has been informed over and
over again, a delegation of Cherokee Indians came
to th s city, and proposed to the President of the
United States, through the Secretary of War, to set-
tle all iheir difficulties by a final cession of their
terntoiy east of the Mississippi, for the gross sum
of $20,000,000. This proposition being very pro-
perly considered extravagant and unreasonable,
was promptly rejected by the Secretary of War.
He was then urged, in February, 1835, in a fur-
ther communication from the delegation, to submit
the question, without stating any particular sum, to
the Senate of the United States, with the assurance
that whatever sum might be fixed by that body as
a fair equivalent for the territory to be abandoned,
they would use their exertions with then country-
men to induce them to accept In compliance
with this earnest assurance, trie proposition was
submitted, and the Senate returned as their answer,
that the Cherokees should íeceive five millions of
dollars
Subsequent to the dechrationof uVawarlby the
Senate, an attempt was made by the Executive to in-
duce the delegation to enter into the necessary stipu
lationsfor carrying the award into effect, and then,
and not until then, as I verily believe, did that delega-
tion dicover that they had no power to close the ar-
rangement without reference to their countrymen It
is necessary to be remembered, that m the course of
the communication referring the acceptance or re-
jection of the award to their countrymen, the dele-
gation agam pledged themselves to use their influ-
ence to induce them to accept it, laying particular
stress upon the principle that it sheuld have due
regard to xniimiual rights
Reference has been made to an attempt subse-
quently mads by the Executive to er-ter m > an ar-
rangement with another delegation, a> d it turs been
________________                H. of RefÁ,
attempted to be shown that the Executive endea-
vored to depart from the award of the Senate, by
reducing its amount This was triumphantly an-
swered by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Graham,] who showed that it still proposed
to adhere to the basis of five millions of dollars
The Executive having fail;d to induce the delega-
tion to enter into stipulations here, it was adjourn-
ed to the Cherokee council to be assembled at Red
Clay in October, 1835 Commissioners were sent
by the President to that council, under the pledge
of Ross and his delegation, that the arrangements
should be there made foi closing the affair, by car-
rying out the award of the Senate, by such stipu-
lations as might be agreed upon by the parties.
The delegation stood doubly pledged to endeavor
to induce their people to pecept the award oi the
Senate, and to enter into the necessary stipulations
when met by commissioners in their own country.
But what was the course pursued by John Ross
at that council ? Notwithstanding his pledge to
treat, and to endeavor to induce the acceptance of
the five millions awarded by the Senate, he noi
only declined to treat with the commissioners alto-
gether, but himself presented to the meeting, and
procured the adoption of, a protest against the
acceptance of the five millions awarded by the
Senate.
This violation of the pledge given by John Ross,
both befoie and after the declaration of the award
by the Senate, iv, not left to inference or conjec-
ture, but is placed beyond the possibility of doubt
by the statement of an individual of the nation,
Elias Boudmot, as respectable as Ross himself,
who says, that so far from endeavoring to redeem
that pledge, by pressing the acceptance oí the award
upon his countrymen, Ross himself presented to
them and induced them to adopt a protest against
that very award.
Mr Boudinot, in speaking of the pioceedmgs at
the meeting at Rul Clay m October, 1835, holds
the following language
'Atthecall of the public crior, the rhuo ees to the number
of at out one thousand, were collected ai >und a stand, lo hear
some important communicant n ño i lh ir chief Mr Ro«s
soon appealed, with a bundle of p-peis in lus band, which
tinned out to be the nomination of the uvemy delegates, and
their powers rtieyweieall wiuunouf, leadyto receive the
assent and the sigmlLies of the multitude wj o stood aiound
the chief with indescribable anxiefv, to heir some important
del lopment, or a suggestion oí aome p*an that would result m
then relief Mr Boss commenced to read an instrument of
writing drawn in the foim ol resolutions, to be adopted or ap
proved by the people, ar tnting- powers to the twenty deiesate-,
of which number he was one Those powers to an English
readei, or to a pera in undeistandln" the F n^hsh langutge, may
be understood as being imp a a dstiificieut rhey authonzed
the delegation lo termina c the difficulties v-nh the "United
Stales, by a feity llrangement either the e or elsewhere
They gave them full powei to negotiate, upo i what pimciple
they pleased in any mannet they pleased and for any amount
they pleaded In fine, ttiey weie uní n Hed, discietionary
poweis feofai, t was well cr outrli, onl> that they were tpo
extensive to be mtiustod totwtuty irres.p raíble persons In
addition to the fullest extent of authority which the people had
conferred upon their delegation they v. ere mide to declaie that
they would be bound by nil lb rlctt> of that delegation What
will be your suipri^e when 1 tcli you that tho e resolution*,
containing such adec! irttion, wcieaccompa led with a protect
m which the people ate made to «ay that they mil nevei con
sent to a treaty made upon the basts ofthtjixe millions of
dollai s' '
Thus did that artful and perfidious chief, John
Ross, concentrating m himself Cherokee power
and Cherokee will, violate his own voluntary
pledge to urge unon his tribe the award made by
the Senate at his own pressing solicitation As
Ross had violated his engagements by the proceed-
ings at Red Clay, the commissioners notified the
Cherokees that they would meet them at New
Echota in December following, for the purpose of
drawing up these stipulations According lo that
notice given to the nation, a meeting did take place
at New Echota on the 20th of December, 1835,
and a treaty was entered into with i larger number
of delegates than usual on such occasions, which
treaty, subsequently modified by the Senate, was
ratified by that body on the 23d of May, 1836.
We know that the oppo--ers of this treaty have art-
fully directed public odium against the two indi-
viduals by whom its stipulations were arranged
with the Cherokees And why? Because the
breath of calumny dares not utter a whisper
against the Senate by whom it was ratified
Who are the commissioners usually employed
on such occasions?   Men of business, acquainted
