Jífaé, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8S3
25th ConG"«-2nb Sess.
Northeastern Bound-ary—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
ther delay, wrest from the Executive the control
of the disputed question concenñng our Northeast-
ern boundary, and assume the responsibility of itr-
minating the negotiation now pending between this
country and Great Britain. Should it pass, it will
probably cat the gordtan knot, and involve the two
nations in all the calamities of war. Under the
circumstances of the ease, the proceeding which it
proposes can never be considered as a peaceful and
friendly measure. For a period of fifty years, our
boundary has been a subject of dispute between
the two nations. This portion of it has been re-
ferred to commissioners; and they have failed to
agree. Afterwards it was submitted to the King of
the Netherlands, and the United States rejected his
award, because it was made m violation of the
terms of submission. Negotiations have been
pending ever since. Meanwhile the jealousies
and the angry passions of the people on both sides of
the border have been excited in the highest degree,
contests have arisen about the exercise of jurisdic-
tion over the disputed territory, crimination and
recrimination have followed in rapid succession,
and in this state of the question, we now propose
to run and mark the boundary line between the
two countries, and erect monuments upon it, with-
out the consent, and in defiance of the will, of
Great Britain. This, I fear, will prove in effect an
appeal from negotiation to arms. There is at least
so mueh danger of this result, that a wise and firm
nation ought to be prepared to carry this law into
execution by a military force Let the die once be
ea.st—let us once determine that the line must be
nía.—the national honor will thus become involved
in the controversy, and then no American can ever
think of receding. Cost what it may, the line
must then be run. It is the part of wisdom first
to calculate ihe danger, and after you ha re once
determined to encounter it, then to proceed with
energy and determination.
There is another consideration which ought not,
in the present crisis, to be disregarded by wise and
prudent statesmen. The revolt in Canada has pro-
duced bad and dangerous feelings, on both sides of
("he line, all along our Northern frontier. It is now
■with the utmost difficulty that the two Govern-
ments can prevent actual hostilities between the
lawless people which infest both sides of the bor-
der. There is another circu instance deeply to be
regretted Alihough it is well known to every Se-
nator withm the sound of my voice that the Execu-
tive Government and people of the United Slates
are anxious to perform, and have in good faith
endeavored to perform, all their neutral obligations
to Great Britain, yet neither our intentions nor our
actions have been justly appreciated in Canada.
To say nothing of the public press m that pro-
vince, which has been exceedingly violent and un-
just towards our country, high public functionaries,
m solemn public acts, have been actuated by a si-
milar spirit. Even in England, a distinguished
press, which is the principal organ of a powerful
party now struggling for victory, and in the highest
hopes of obtaining it, is pursuing a course which
may eventually lead to war between the two coun-
tries. I lefer to the Times newspaper, which pro-
bably exercises more influence than any public jour-
nal m the world. Our Government and our people
are denounced in that press, and other kindred jour-
nals, as faithless and insincere m their conduct to-
wards Canada; and we are accused of a disposition
to wrest it from Great Britain, and annex it lo the
United States Here, we ail know these accusa-
tions to be unjust and unfounded, bat still they are
calculated to produce a powerful impression on the
public mind of Great Britain. The old prejudices
which were so strong in this country against Great
Britain after the Revolution, and after the late war,
though now they have happily almost subsided,
may be easily revived by such unfounded accusa-
tions, and the people of the two free and kindred
nations may again become exasperated against
each other, and prepared for hostilities.
It is true, that a war between the two nations
would be the most foolish as well as the most ruin-
ous contest for both, in which two free and enlight-
ened nations ever engaged, but that man knows lit-
tle of human nature or of history, who considers
such a war either impossible, or, I fear I may add,
improbable.
Let no one suppose that I should dread the re-
sult of a just war with Great Britain. I have the
most ab ding confidence in the bravery, energy, and
resources of my country. But a war, to be well
sustained by the people, must be just and necessa-
ry. We must be able to appeal to Heaven, and to
all nations, ior the justice of our cause; and then
victory, soonei or later, will perch upon our ban-
ners. I go further, sir, and state, that if we cannot
obtain our rights by nego 4ation; if there should be
no alternative left but that of surrendering up a por-
tion of the territory of Maine, or an appeal to
arms, I should not hesitate one moment in the
choice. If the Government of the United States be
not both able and willing to protect the territory of
each State inviolate, ihen it will have proved itself
incapable of performing one of its highest dunes.
An invasion of any part of our territory is an in-
jury and an insult to the whole nation, and would
be felt as such at the remotest extremities of the
Union.
The question still recurs, whether, under all
these exciting and dangerous circumstances, the Se-
nate of the United Statesought to arrest the pending
negotiation, and assume the responsibility of run-
ning and marking the boundary. I think not. Ne-
gotiation has not yet been exhausted. I feel the
most confident reliance in the justice of our cause,
and sooner or later the sober and reflecting portion
of the British people will, I trust, arrive at the same
conclusion
It is not my intention to examine in detail our
title to the dispuled territory If I ever had in-
tended it, I should have abandoned the intention
after hearing the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr Webster ] For clearness of statement and
accuracv of detail, I have rarely heard any thing
superior to his speech. I feel confident that every
Senator who attended to it, must have been con-
vinced, not only of the justice, but the clearness of
our title, to the territory in dispute. To that ar-
gument I shall add but a few remarks.
Where is the northwest fngle of Nova Scotia,
the place of beginniug mentioned in the treaty of
1783? The treaty itself answers that question. It
is " that angle which is formed by a line drawn due
north from the source of the Saint Croix river
to the highlands, along the said highlands
which divide those rivers that empty themselves
mto the River St. Lawrence, from those which fall
into the Atlantic ocean, to the northwesternmosthead
of Connecticut river." This angle then is formed
by the intersection of two lines, at the point where
the one running due north from the head of the
St. Croix, meets the line of highlands which run
southwest from that point to the northwest head of
the Connecticut river, and these highlands are
identified as those from which, on the north side,
the rivers flow which empty themselves into the
St. Lawrence, and on the south, those which empty
themselves into the Atlantic ocean. Was ever
description more clear and accurate'* Whether
these highlands be high or low, whether they be
mountains or table land, can make no difference
in the question That they do exist and may be
found is certain as the laws of nature Just as
certain as the Rimousky flows into the St. Law-
rence, and the St Johns into the Atlantic ocean, so
true is if, that there must be a ridge which divides
the head waters of the one from those of the
other There never was any dispute for more
than thirty >ears after the date of the treaty,
in regard to the location of these highlands,
and it may not be too much to say, that there
never would have been any such dispute, did not
the northern part of the State of Maine intercept a
direct communication between Nova Scotia, now
New Brunswick, and Quebec Can there be any
serious difliculty in tracing this line or discovering
this angle on the ground? Certainly not. And in
what manner ought it to be done?
In ascertaining the true boundary of territory,
whether claimed by an individual or a nation, the
important point is to fix with precision the place
of beginning. This is peculiarly the case, m rela-
tion to the present question. Let the place of be-
ginning be clearly ascertained, and. all difficulty m
regard to the true boundary of the disputed temto.
ry will at once vanish. Where is "the northwest
angle of Nova Scotia," to be found on the face of
the earth' To answer this question is to settle tb*
whole controversy.
The commissioners, who concluded the treaty of
1783, had Mitchell's map before them. This map,
upon, its face, appears to have been undertaken
with the approbation, and at. the request of the
"Lords Commissioners for Trade and. Plantations,"
and may, therefore, be fairly considered as official.
It was first published in 1755. At that period, the
northwest angle of Nova Scotia was that point on
the river St. Lawrence, intersected by a line run*
ning due north from the source of the St. Croix.
This line is distinctly marked upon the map. On
the east of it appears Nova Scotia; and on the west,
New England. In what manner, and to what dis-
tance, was this northwest angle oí Nova Scotia, on
the St. Lawrence, brought further south? In 1763,
Great Britain acquired Canada from France, under
the treaty of Pans. Being then the sovereign of
Canada, Nova Scotia, and New England, she
thought proper, in creating the province oí Clue*
bee, to extend the line of this new province to a
certain distance south of the St. Lawrence; and, to
this extent, to deprive New England, and Nova
Scotia, of a portion of their former territory. Accord-
mgly the king, by his proclamation, in October, 1763,
describes the southern line of the province of Clue-
bee as " passing along the highlands which divide
the rivers that empty themselves into the said
river St. Lawrence, from those which fall into the
sea, and also along the north coast of the Bay des
Chaleurs, and the coast of the Gult of St. Law-
rence to Cape Rosiers." This boundary was often
afterwards recognised by the most solemn acts of
the British Government, between the year 1763,
and tne date oí the treaty. Where then did this
southern line of the province oí duebec cross a
line running due north from the source of the St
Croix to the St Lawrence This point of inter-
section is, and necessarily must be, "ihe northwest
angle of Nova Scotia," described in the treaty. It
is as plain, ana as clear, as demonstration can
make it. The description of the southern line of
the province of Quebec, is identical, in this parti-
cular, with our northern line contained in the
treaty, except that in the latter "the Atlantic
ocean" is substituted for "the sea." Tmsehange
is wholly immaterial, as both were evidently in-
tended to convey the same meaning.
In ascertaining the northwest angle of Nova
Scotia, our first duty then is to trace the southern
line of the province of duebec. I would first look
for those highlands which formed the southern
boundary of that province. Find them, and you
necessarily find the northwest angle of Nova Sco-
tia. Now, let any man of plain understanding look
upon MitUiell's Map, and he will at once perceive
how absurd the attempt is to bring these highlands
so far South as Mars Hill, according to the piesent
claim of the British Government. He will there
find, distmstly marked, a range of highland-, or ta-
ble land, running in a northwest direction from the
head of Connecticut river, nearly parallel with
the St Lawrence, and along the North coast of the
Bay of Chaleurs, wh.ch separate the numerous
streams flowing into the St. Lawrence from those
which flow into "the sea," or "the Atlantic Ocean."
This dividing range of the sources of these streams
intersects the Northern line from the head of the
St Croix, about ihe forty-eighth degree of North
latitude, whilst Mars Hill, which the British Go-
vernment now claim to be the northwest angle of
Nova Scotia, is m latitude about forty-six and a
half. Thus they attempt to bring the Southern line
of the province of Quebec one hundred miles south
of the line clearly designated by the treaty, and to
wrest from us that extent of our territory. Can
any human being, endowed with common under-
standing, looking upon this map with the eyes ot the
commissioners who formed the treaty, and seeing
the tributary streams of the St. Lawrence flowing
in one dnection, and those of the Atlantic river
St. Johns flowing m another, doubt that the ridge,
whether of mountains or table land, which sepa-
rates them, is the highlands described in the treaty?
Now, sir, what is the pretext on which the British
