386
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sum, 183&
25th Cong •• 2nd Slss.
Northeastern Boundary—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
rorih-dstern boundiry of the tinned Slates, &c now pending
w Co «tes  an I that it *ai f bill shall not become a law during
t * p e„eni se^u n , f Congiess and if the Government of the
I'nued Mate's tt'fer Uime m tn conjunción with Gieit
Btilam o the 'Slate of Mane, shall no/, ore or beforethe
first day of keptemher next, esiahash and apjio  (a cam
mission for a sui ,eyf said boundary ¡me it shall then be
the i-r-peiative duty ol the Giverroi, <vnh)iu further delay,
to appoi it hut nvith sui'able comnibs oners anil surveyors lor
ascertan in, i unmiis: and locating the northeastern bouudaiy
line 01 í( bátate, an 1 'o ctuse the eame to be carried into
operation "
The message of the Governor of Maine, accem-
panied by these resolutions of the I egislature, was
transmitted by him to the President of the United
Siat-s, on the 88th day of March last.
Now, I ask, what could the Piesident have in-
ferred from these proceedings of the State of Mime1
The whole question was submitted to the Legisla-
ture. They had the proposition of the British Go-
vernment before hem, conlaiued in the note of Mr
Fox of the 10th of January last They had, likewise,
before them the answer of Mr. Forsy tn to Mr Fox of
the 7th ol Febiuary, s atmg strong objections to that
proposition, and the determination ol the President
to transmit it to Governor Kent, for the purpose of
ascertaining the sense of Mame upon the subject
And what has the Legtslatuie of Maine done?
They have fit tnly, decidedly, and, m my opinion,
properly, exp essed their opinion against a con-
ventional lin >, and aga.nst the appointment of a
new at biter, but have they said one word against
the proposed commission for exploration and sur-
\ ey, aecoi ding to the terms of the treaty1 On th's
point of iht question they are not even silent, though
silence, pnc'er such circumstances, might fairly be
construe!, to five consent. Both the message, and
resolutions of the Legislature, speak with approba-
tion of the proposed joint commission to run the
tlispuled line, according to the treaty. It is true,
their consent was not necessary to enable the Pre-
sident to pursue this course, but tf it had been, it
was obtained
Let us for a few moments consider this point.
Thequesiirn propounded to the State of Mame m
the concluding sentence of Mr. Forsyth's proposi-
tion was, do you desire the creation of a joint com-
mission of exploration and survey, upon the prin-
ciples stated in the letter of Mr. Fox, eithet for
the purpose of adjusting the controversy, according
to the terms of the trealy, or >oi the purpose of en-
abling the pirtie-s to agree upon a conventional
line? The e two purposes aie oistmtly and plain-
ly stated is iiv what is the answer of Maine? She
responds clearly and explicitly to one blanch of
the aliernattve," that it is not expedient to give the
assent of ihis State to the Federal Government
to treat with that of Great Britain for a conven-
tional line lor our Northeastern Boundary, but that
this Stale will insist on the line established by the
trea' > of seventeen hundied and eighty-'hree."
Why then did she notrespon ' to the other branch
of the alternative, and resolve also th-itit was not
expedient to give the ?ss,ent of the State to the pro-
posed convention between the two Governments,
ior exploring and surveying the boundary line un-
der 'he treaty' Ha i she been hostile to this mea-
sure, can any man doubl but that she would thus have
expressed her opinion boldly and unequivocally,
a  she had done m regard to the conventional line'
When the Governor declares that he has no doubt
the trealy hne ought to be run, either by a joint
commission of exploration and survey, or independent-
ly by the General Government, what does he mean?
Was there any proposition before him, but one for
such a joint commission ol exploiationand survey
as had been agreed to by Mr Fox' Certainly not
ond he gives his a^ent to it m the strongest terms
Again, what i> the palpable meaning of the third
resolution of the Legislature1 Is it not this? In
the fiist pkee, they prefer that the present bill now
before the Senate should pas* In the event of
its failure to become a law during ibe present ses-
sion—which I consider certain—then- next prefer-
ence is in favor of the estab'ishment of a commis-
sion by the Government ol the United States, either
alone or in conjuncti n with Great Britain or the
State of Maine, for a survey of the Northeastern
boundary line, and in order to hasten this comm s-
sion as rapidly as possible, they declare, that if n
shall not be established on or before the first day of
gepjember next, they will run the Une ttwmselves.
To what possibly c >uld the Legislature have re-
ferred, when they speak of the appointment of a
commission "tn conjunction with Gieat Britain," if
it wire no' to the pioposttion of Mr. Fox, which
had been submitted to them by Mr Forsyth? They
hid no other proposed commission before them, and
they could not have supposed tint a negotiation for
another and distinct commission could have been
entered upon and completed with the British Govern-
ment before the first oí September. I appeal, there-
forego the Señale; I appeal to the people of Maine
themselves, notwithstanding all that has been said
to the contrary by their representatives in Congress,
whether the President had not a right to believe
that Maine at least acquiesced in the proposed con-
vention with the British Government. Convinced
of this fact, Mr Forsyth, the Secretary of State,
on the 27th April last, addressed the following note
to Mr. Fox-
Department or State,
Washington, Apul 27, 1838
The ui dei signed, Secretary of State of the TJm'ed States, has
the hon t, by the direction ol the Piesident, to communicate to
Mr Fox, her Britannic Majeoty's Envoy Exlraordmary and
Mimstei Plenipotentiary, the lesult of the application of the
Geueial Government to the State of Maine, on the subject of the
N-iitheastein boundary hue, and the lesolution which the Pie
sident his ioinied tipon a cautut consideration thereof By the
tccompanjinir papers, received from the Executive of Maine
Mr Fox will perceive that M une declines to give a consent to
the negotiation lot i conventional boundary, is disinclined to
the reiere ice of the p nnts m dispute to a new arbiuation, but
lb yet tmnly persuaded that the line described m the tieaty of
17<s3 can he It ttnd anltiaced whencvei the Governments ot
the United States and Gieat Britain shall proceed to make the
requisite investigations v. Hh a predisposition to efTect that very
desirable ohject C mfidently relying is the President does,
upon the assurances fiequenily repeated by the British Govern
ment, of the earnest desne to leach that result, if it is prac
ticahle, he his instructed the undeisigned to announce to Mi
Fox the willingness of this Government to enter into an ar
laugement with Gieat Britain for the establishment of a joint
commission of survey and exploiation, upon the basis of the
otigmal American proposition, and the modifications offered by
hel Majesty's Government
1 he becrelaty ol State is, therefore, authorized to invite Mi
Fox to a conference upon the subj clatas eajly a day a> his
convenience will permit, and the undeisigned will tie untne
diately furnished with a leqnisite full power by the Piesident
to c include a convention embracing thai obiect, if hel Majeslj s
minister is dulv empowered to proceed to the negotiation of i
on the part oí Gteat Bntaui
lite undesigned avails himself of this occasion to renew to
Mr I ox the expression of his distinguished consl ler ttion
JOHN FOR8\TII
Henry fc> I ox isq Arc
Mi Fox, m h's answer of the 1st of May to this
note, informed the Secretary of State that he was
not then provided with full powers for negotiating
the proposed convention, but that he would forth-
with write to his Government (ot the purpose of
obtaining them.
On the 8th of May, Mr. Forsyth addressed the
G ivernor of Mame in the following language:
I am instructed to announce to your excellency, that by dl
r* cuon of the Piesident, upon due considention of the result of
tin ] ite application ot the General Government to the State of
Maine on tha subjectof the Jsoitncasiein boundar), and m ac
cordance with die expiesesd wishes of hei legislature, I have
informed Mr Fox oí the willingnessoflhisGoveininentto enter
into andritngement with that of Greal Britain for the establish
mem ofajomt commission of survey andexploiauon upon the
biais of the original American proposition an<l the modifications
ode ed by her Wajest> s Got eminent, and to apptlse you that
M To\, being, it piesent, unprovided with full powers fot ne
gotiatmg the prop >sed e invi nlicin hjstr tnsmitted my comnitl
nititiun to msGovt nintnt inoidt! ihats.uchfreshiustructions
m iv he furn s ltd to hi in, or such othei ste[s taken, as may be
deeme-I ex¡ t nt nl on us part
It is in this state of the negotiation, the impoitant
preliminaries having all been settled, that the Sena-
tor from Mame [Mr Williams] pioposes to arrest
lis progress, to take ih  question out of the h<-nds of
the Executive, to whom it constitutionally belongs,
and, by act of Congress, to run, and mark, and
estábil h this line against the consent of Gteat Bn-
tam. Such a course, if adopted, might prove fatal
to the interests of Maim, and would be an open,
palpable violation of the pub'io faith Let us wait
until the negotiation shall terminate. Should it ever
become necessary, Mame will find me as firmlj
I resolved to maintain her just rights, to any extremi-
ty, as any other individual in the nation I trust
that hour may never arrive.
It has been contended that to run (his une con'd
not be construed into an unfriendly measuie by
Great Britain Even if the bill pr posed nothing
but an experimental survey for the purpose of ob-
taiping information, tl is proposition could not be
stated with H'su e, in the present nosture of the ne-
gotiation But 'his bi'l contemplates no Mich mea-
sure    By iti express teiuis the President ¡s direct-
ed to cause the dtspuied boundary line "to be atv
curately sut veyed and marked, and suitable monu-
ments to be erected thereon a tsuen points as may
be deemed necessary and important." It proposes
not merely an experimental survey, but an abso-
lute determination where the treaty 1ms is, and to
have it fixed and perpetuated by the erection of
monuments. It breaks off the negotiation, assumes
the fact that the British Government are wrong and
«e are right, and declares, in. effect", that we will
agree to no convention with them to ascertain this
trealy boundary, in a manner satisfactory to both
parties. Would the spirit of the British nation
brook such a violent proceeding, m the face of the
pending negotiations between the two countries?
Would we ourselves, of kindred blood as we are,
tamely submit to a similar proceeding^ Suppose
the British Parliament, at this moment, and whilst
negotiations on ihe subject are still pending, were
to direct her Majesty to survey and mark the hne
from Mars Hill, and erect permanent monuments
along it, which they claim to be the treaty line,
would we tamely acquiesce m such an act? No,
sir for one I shjuld resist the execution of sucH a
law of the British Parliament, by the whole power
ol the United States. Let us then do unto others
as « e would they should do unto us.
It has been suggested that this bill might be
amended, so as to direct the line to be tun and
marked only in case the pending negotiation should
fail, in consequence oi the refusal of the British
Government to bring it to"a satisfactory and speedy
conclusion. But does not every one perceive that
this would be holding out a threat in ad/anee? It
would be an open declaration that if ll>ey will not
negotiate in a manner agreeable hi us, the conse-
quence shall be, that we will esiabhsb the -disputed
line for ourseKes. Sufficient for the day is the
evil thereof Lei us wait. It cannot be long until
the lesult of the negotiation shall be asceitamed.
Should it fail, we shall then have all the facts be-
fore us , and it will then be time enough to deter-
mine what course the interest and the honor of the
country require that we should pursue
Again It has been insisted that this bill might
pass with a clause conferring a discretionary power
upon tne President to run and mark the line or not,
as he may deem most expedient. To this I am ut-
lerly opposed. In the first place, it would impose a
responsibility upon him which properly belongs to
Congress, and in the second place, it would confer
a power upon him which I shall never entrust to
any Executive. On the performance of this act
might, and probably would, depend peace or war,
although the power to declare war belongs exclu-
sively to Congress If ever the time sr-ail arrtve
when it wi'l become necessary to run and mark this
line in defiance of the power of Great Britain, Con-
gress ought to direct the performance of the aci;
and we ought to be piepared to carry it mto execu-
tion by the whole power of the countrv.
Before I resume my seat, I di sire to express my
hearty concurrence in a suggestion mide by ihe
Seuit ir flow \Jissnpi-ii-.ptt«, [Mr Wmsster j Let
Gieat Bulam surrender her cla ms to the territory
in dispute, and recognise our right to it under the
treaty, as ue have every reason to expectsl.ew.il
do e\enlual'v, fiom her justice and mi^ianimity,
and then the General Government ought lo use all
its influence wiih Maine, if indeed ihat should be
nect ssarv, to induce that State to consent to a ces-
sion of all h<=r territory north orthe S- Johns, upon
recen mg an equivalent to the, souih of that river.
In this manner, the BriUsh ptovmces would be ren-
dered empact, and a direct communication between
New Bnmswick ami Gluebec would not be inter-
cepted by the intervention oi our territory. Indeed,
nature herself seems to dictate this exchange. A
river boundary between the two nations wou'd be
much more convenient than any other, and the ter-
ritory of Mame north of the St Johns, judgmgfrom
the map, seems to be about equal in extent to the
British territory souih of that river. If there be a
d fferenee in va'ue between the two, this difference
could be easily adjusted. In the relative position
of the adjacent territory-of both pa.t,es, it would be
a circumstance ever to be lamented, if any serious
misunderstanding should arise between the fcyo jja. 
