June, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
380
26th  Cong—2nd Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Chapman.
H. of Reps,
the commission should discover highlands answering
to the description of the treaty, "a connecting line
drawn from these highlands to the head of the St.
Croix should be deemed to be a portion of the
boundary line between the two countries." There
can be nothing in this unsatisfactory to Maine.
On the contrary, it is precisely what she has always
contended for, and she cannot hesitate to risk the
case upon the discovery of such highlands as an-
swer the description of the treaty. If doubts ex-
isted whether the commissioners would agree in a
report, Mr. H. said he shared in those doubts.
The argument was already strong enough to carry
conviction of our title to this disputed territory to
every unprejudiced mind; and if the King of the
Netherlands had decided the case which was sub-
mitted to him. instead of going in search of a fan-
cy of his own, he felt strong confidence that the
decision could not have been against us.
But the gentleman from Maine [Mr. EvANs],com-
plained that in the basis and modifications nothing
was said about the northwest angle ef Nova Scotia,
which was the hinge upon which the whole dispute
turned; and thought that Mr. Forsyth was yielding
up an important point when he left that out o
view. This complaint seemed to be entirely un-
founded. The northwest angle of Nova Scotia
could not be found, without first finding the high-
lands. The early calls for the boundary lines of
Nova Scotia, before the Revolution, are for the
"highlands," and the call is repeated in the treaty
of 1783. It is called "that angle which is formed*
by a line drawn due north from the source of St.
Croix river to the highlands." Stirling from the
source of the St. Croix, and runnirr; due north,
where do you run to, in order to fin ' .he northwest
angle"? To the highlands. And whcie are they?
You must find them in the first instance, and, when
yon have done so, you then ascertain this angle.
The objection is, therefore, ill founded. The Go-
vernment of the united States gives up nothing.
They are in quest of the highlands, which is the
very first step in the investigation. Without know-
ing whese these highlands are, yuu caaaot move an
inc.1. Unfortunately there are too many highlands,
or hills which are made to pass for such, and the
problem to be solved is, which are the highlands
which best answer the description of the treaty of
1783? If none such can be found, then the sug-
gestion made by Mr. Livingston, which is so much
íeprobated by the gentleman ¡rom Maine, may
perhaps come in as a last resort for solving the dif-
ficulty. That suggestion is nothing more than an
application to the case of a rule which prevails in
the municipal law of England, and most, if not all,
of the States, being founded upon the plain dictates
of common sense. Every lawyer ra the House must
understand and agree that, in the trial of ejectment
suits between rival claimants for land, where the
course and calk for natural boundaries cannot
both be gratified, the former yields to the lattpr.
It is founded upon the obvious consideration that
the compass may vary, but natural boundaries,
such as a tree, a hill, or a rock, cannot change
their position; and Mr. Livingston proposed that, if
they could find no highlands by running a due north
couise, they should adopt such a course as would
bring them to the highlands at such place as would
best gratify the requisitions of the treaty, and con-
sider that line as the boundary. It is true that Sir
Charles Vaughn inquired from Mr. Livingston
whether his idea was to ran to the east as well as
the west of a due north course, and that Mr. Li-
vingston answered that the United States claimed
nothing to the eastward of such a line. But this
proposition was not accepted by the British Govern-
ment. Its acceptance was clogged with inadmissi-
ble preliminary stipulations; and the basis and modi-
ficatiens upon which it is proposed to conclude the
convention, must be found in some subsequent part
of the correspondence. They are thus described
by Mr. Forsyth in a note to Mr. Fox, dated
February 7, 1838;
"The American proposition is intended, and, if agreed to,
would doubiless be successful, lo decide the question of boun-
dary definitively by the adoption of the highlands reported by
the*c'>mm'33!oneisof survey, and would thus secure the treaty
line''''
Whatever may be thought of the proposition of
Mr. Livingston, it seemed te have passed away
from the view of both parties. The circumstances
under which the suggestion was made ought not to
be overlooked. The President had previously sub-
mitted the decision of the King of the Netherlands
to the judgment of the Senate, who refused to ratify
it, and passed a resolution requesting the President
to open a new negotiation with Great Britain. No
basis was mentioned, no clew to their opinion given
as to the terms of that negotiation; no indication af-
forded of the ground upon which the President
should place it Bat he was requested again to
renew a negotiation which had ended in a fruitless
arbi'ration, and he was left to extricate himself
from the difficulty, with perhaps a secret satisfac-
tion in the minds of some peisons at the extent of
the embarrassment. In this state of the case, Mr.
Livingston threw out the suggestion complained of,
with a view, perhaps, of presenting something to
the Rritish Government which had not previously
been brought before them, and avoiding the repeti-
tion of the same arguments which had been una-
vailingly employed for fifteen years. At any rate,
the proposition was not considered in the same light
in which the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Evans]
now views it, for they rejected it.
But, it was asked, of what use a survey would
be? This question ought to be answered, instead of
being propounded, by the gentleman from Maine,
since that State appeared so much to desire one, as
to be ready to undertake it at its own expense and
responsibility. The note oi Mr. Forsyth, read by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fairfield,] shows
that this survey is only to collect information, and
that the commissioners are not to be clothed with
the power of deciding the question. This was the
modification of the feasts of the American proposi-
tion, which it was much to be regretted that the
British Government nersevered m urging. A sur-
vey wouM illustrate une pr .it in the controversy,
which would strengthen the Amerisnn argument
very much. The seeond line of the boundary had
never yet been run officially, an-1 he was satisfied
that whenitcame to be s , the claim of the British
would be much weakened. In the course of his
leading upon this subject during the winter, it had
occurred to him as strange why the commissioners
under the treaty of Ghent did not make the entire
survey, instead of stopping short at the termination
of ¡he fust line, or that which runs north from the
head of the St. Croix. Finding no satisfactory
reason m the printed documents, he had referred
to the manuscript report of Mr. Van Ness,
the American commissioner, on file in the State
Department, but found nj reason given there.
It seemed to be the most natural course, when
two different terminations were proposed of the
first line, to continue the survey all round, m
order to see which termination would best gratify
the 'subsequent calN of the treaty. This was
the course always in disputes about land between
individuals. Who ever heard of submitting an
ejectment case to a jury with only one line run
out upon the plat? The first line was required to
run narth lo certain highlands, and the second
along said highlands, &c. Now, if it should be
found that, according to the American location, the
call for highlands in the second line would be
gratified fully by finding a range of highlands ex-
actly responding to the call, and, according to the
British location, the second line would pursue a
sinuous course, running round the head of some
little stream, and then striking across a country
nearly level, to the distance of twenty or thirty miles,
in order to reach another spring, and thus making a
crooked line, as serpentine as the course of the Mis-
sissippi in its most crooked parts, it would require
great imagination to denominate such a line as a
line running along highlands." Ranges of moun-
tains or hills, and particularly those which divide
waters ¿lowing in different directions, are usually
straight, or nearly so, and when laid down upon
the map, are traced by a line nearly straight. Upon
recent maps the pretensions of the British Govern-
ment are laid down, he did not know by whom or
when surveyed; but if there are "highlands," in the
natural acceptation of the term, where their line is
made to run, it is the only such range of highlands
to be found upon any map of any country in the
world.   He did not believe that there were any
highlands there, and an official survey would settle
this point.
The geatleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cdsh-
ing] had expressed great but unnecessary alarm
at the doctrine maintained in soma of the British
State Papers, that we m the United States derived
our tide to our country by grant in the treaty of
1783, and that, if we could not show that the ter-
ritory in question was included in the grant, it f-e-
longed of course to the British. The apprehension
expressed by that gentleman seemed to him entire-
ly unnecessary, because nothing upon the Ameri-
can side of the correspondence had been, or could
be fonnd, which tolerated the pretension for a
moment. The venerable colleague of that gentle-
man [Mr. Adams] had settled the doctrine upon
this point many years ago, in an argument, which
was one of the most logical and irresistible which
he [Mr. H.] had ever read upon any subject. And
no American statesman would ever think of adopt-
ing any other than the taw thus thoroughly settled.
For this essay, establishing that the treaty of 1783
was a severance of joint property, instead of being
a grant from a superior to an inferior power, that
honorable gentleman was entitled to the thanks
of his country; and he took pleasure in expressing
this opinion, although the commendation of such an
humble individual as himself might not be esteemed
as of much account He thought that the anxiety
expressed by the gentleman [Mr. Cushisg] was en-
tirely superfluous. When the Secretary of State
should be found to admit the validity of tnis British
doctrine, there would be cause of alarm; and he
[Mr. H.] would be ready to concur in the most ef-
fectual method of expressing the opinion of 'he
House of Representatives upon a point so deeply
involving both the interests and honor of the na-
tion. But the accomplished statesman at the head
of the State Department was too well acquainted
with the history of the nation, and too much alive
to whatever might touch its honor, ever to listen to
or countenance such an inadmissible pretension on
the part of the British Government.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
__«
REMARKS OF UR. CHAPMAN,
Of Aiibam*,
In the House] of Representatives, Juñe 13,  1833—In
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on a bill to grant pre-emption rights to
the settlers on the public lands.
Mr. Chairman:! congratulate the citizens of those
States and Territories in which public lands are si-
tuated, that, after three years' struggle and vigi-
lant watchfulness on the part of their representa-
tives, they have a prospect now of some action by
Congress on a bill that is so essential to their pros-
perity. Representing a district so deeply concern-
ed in this measure, I should be unfaithful 'o those
constituents who have chosen me mainly because
they had confidence in my zeal in eifecting the
passage of this bill, if I were not to express the
views I entertain on the subject here, that 1 have so
often declared to them. But, thankful to the mem-
bers of this body for their aid in taking the bill up
at this time, I shall not longer trespass on their pa-
tience than will be required to present, as briefly as
possible, the most prominent arguments that occur
to my mind in favor of this important measure.
Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to find from the in-
dication's we have had since the subject has been
before the committee, that it is not made a parly
question. I hope it will not be so considered by
any. Although it has been strongly recommended
by the President of the United States in his late
Message, and sanctioned and approved by his
predecessor, yet I flatter myself that m>ne of those
who oppose the present or late Administrations will,
on that account alone, refuse their support to th¡s
bill. Nor, Mr. Chairman, is this a mere local
question, effecting only the interests of the new
States. It addresses itself to every member, of
whatever party, whether he comes frcm the North
or the South, the East or the West, as a subject
calling for his impartial anl serious consideration.
The disposition of the public lands among the eri-
zeos in the way best calculated to advance the in-
