June, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25 in CovG""2std Ses«.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Chapman.
H. of Eeps.
in force, more than double the quantny was wild,
that had beet, before, from the earliest period of the
sales of publ'c lands. Admitting then, to the fullest
extent, that many other causes have operated to
wcf 'a^e the sale of the public lands within the pe-
riod mentioned, still the facts stated sufficiently
show, that ths pre-emption acts have been the
principal means of producing this heavy increase;
fir, on examination of the report, it will be per-
ceived th*' in the vears when these laws were in
force, the quantity ef 'and sold was greater than in
any other1-.
Mr Chpii nan, it has been objpgted by some
gen'lc nen to ibis sj stem, tint it gives improper ad
vantages io <>ne c'iss of c tizens over another, that
some arp nern-uted to go upon the puolic lands
and take poss s«i n of the be^t, whi'e the inferior
and refused only, is left for thos  more h gh-toned
gent eroerr, v ho ^crupié at g ung in the íaus of the
law of 1807, upon ' p public lands, until after they
have pure! a*ed In answer to this, it would be
sufficient to ptint to the pioof adduced to show that
no more than the minimum price is obtained for
any land—me l'eh as veil as the poor yields no
more. Ii becomes, iiie-n, d question, who shall be
p r n.tfd to piirchasf, the man w , • his mixed the
value if his labor with the price of the land, and
uses t. fcr ci luvation, or the other, who desire": it
either because it is rmdered moieimmcdia'el) pro-
fitable by the lalji of the ong'nal settler, and there-
fore bet'er suited for the purposes of cultivation; or
because he pereeivco that by this increased value
ha can reabze a larger pre emotion by the opera-
tion, if he intends it foi puipos - speculation'!
Is it the business of Conce-s, in c1' p ' " of the
Government lan's, to tians/er ihe 1 l i (i" man
to ano her moie wea'thy, ¿id e<lt'i>i' w thout
blinking one ciit m rein > the pubic 1ie<sur}'i
Or i-. it t ic p « icy oi ih.s (jdiitrv 'o  vu t fio.n the
land the industrious bush ndman, who has over-
come bv h s laboral! thp difficulties of early settle-
ment—'he productive cultivator of the soil, who
s'ands ready to defend his country in the hour of
peril, and *uni his family fiom their ha, py home,
and transfer aH to ib* heartless, eo'd-bloided spe-
culator, «hi offers n i more1 I hope such v i!! not
be the opniop of i majority of this committee
Bjt, si.it s n t tru° that 'he choice lands are
tí\¿n b, t'e fatst settler1-, as gentlemen have
supp>s>>d Tho°p who rpmove, are much more
careful to 'ocate upon a heai'V pi ice, hv itig tpe
advantage of pu e water, aul eas If cleared to
mike tie first crop, than 'bey aie in selecting a rich
tract of mid The most valuable lands are not
those that emigrants take possession of That de-
scription of Ian J requires more force m the prepara
tion foi ru'tivV on, than the class oi pet sons refei led
to have i' in their pon er to obtain Nor ¡s it a pm-
htab'e bus hpss, as has been Mid by gentlemen, to
make impiovementson the pubbc lan's, and ■*!-
th"m to o heis. The origmaHetiler raiel^ gels the
value of his 1 ibor n the operation ,ai> J he vho
¡lays an improved place, msiettl of "itakuig an im-
provement, ,s alwavs benefitte 1
F.im t1 e report t ' the C^'iTi-^icner of ih 
G ncril Land Offi-e, it ap, eais thit lands h=" e
sold n oie fieelv during ihe e\ o'ence ot the pre
emption laws Tfme whohnv  obscived the cpera-
t on of that sy tern, know- aKo th it more of the
nif n i quaU'j. selb to tV ciltiv ators of th<" "oil
than to 'ho°e «ho b iv ijr •.peculation. When the
so-'oulator c< mes into the piaiket he 'elects none
but the mo t va uaole—that on which he can make
ti o o neatest profit from lis capital, and while it
continues m his hands, the more inferior lands ad-
jo nirg lennm unsold But the oecupant, altei he
go's the quarter seetitn by pie emption, finds it
neee^a-v m miking out ? compact farm for cu -
t vat mi, to en er pot r lands convenient, and as his
ra^ansincrease, continues to extend his settlement.
Bj, 'his wn_> most of ihe lands of inferior quality
aie t ken up, that would nevci have sol. ffhile the
t i'i'e lands in then neighborhood were m the
hinds ot the speculators
It is good policy, especia Iv m a Republican Go-
vernment, to etiouraee the distribution of lands
am-mg he (it 7ens in small iiacts, and not to favor
the accumulati m of a g'ta' quantity in 'he hands
if t fevx individuals pan'cular'y those who do not
intend it for cultivation. By the auction system,
the lands are bought up by speculators, who hold
them up in large tracts, notforcultivation, but to sell
out to the productive class at high prices. The
speculators, not the Government, are bene£tted by
the public sales. They form a monopoly among
themselves, to the exclusion of the settlers, who
are unable to come in competition with Ihem at a
pub'tcsale. Those who want the land for cultiva-
tion can only get it by paying a his,h bounty to the
capitalist, either by an agreement before the sale,
in the way of "hush monej," or a high advance
on cost after. By this means th^1 improvement
and prosperity of the country are retarded, and the
m htary power weakened. The pre-emption prin-
ciple tends to make every industrious cmzen a
freeholder; a more independent, a rno'c patriotic
citizen. I have in my immediate district the bpst
practical proof of this That portion of it benefit-
ted by former pre-emption laws, has seat out more
volunteers since ihe commencement oí the late hos-
tilities with the Spmmole and Creeks, than any
other country of the same extent. By becoming
the owners of the soil thpy feel a stronger love of
country, and having received the favor of the Go-
vernment by pre-emption right to their improve-
ments, they are grateful, and ready to take up arms
in their country's defence. I believ  that one half
of those capable of bearing arms m the section of
the country referred to, have volunteered Tnat
they were true and gallant soldiers, the officers un-
der whom they served, have given ample testi-
mony
Mr Chairman, I do not propose to examine, at
this time, into the question how far, under the co n-
pacts between the United States and the seveial
new States, there is an obligation on the part of
the former to divest themselves of the lands withm
the bm-ts of tne la'te", aid in a manner best cal-
culated to promote eai !j improvement and cultn a-
tion. Those States are evidently much cripnled oy
the policy of continuing the lands m the hands of
the General Government, and their prosperity
tfiPiebv greatly postponed. I consider the claims
of the new States to have the title of the United
S'ates divested of the lands within their limits,
much stronger than to extinguish the Indian title;
becau=e, m one case, it depends alone on the action
ot this Government, but in the other, it requires the
c< nsent of the Indians also
It has been snd by some ¡hat it is the interest of
the old States to prevent the rapid settlement of the
youngr members of the Confederacy, and thereby
prewnt the heavv drafts on their population and
wealth I trust, Mr. Chairman that such con-
tracted and narrow pilicy will find but few advo-
cates on this floor We are oneneip'e, and «hat
advances the interest of one section of the country,
reflects corresponding benefits tn another Oitr
citizens were once your cit zens, and. I tru't, still
despne justice at your hand's, we ask nothing more
The improvement of the new States adds wealth
and strength to the Union, hghiens taxation, in-
creases our nanonal resources, and creates a new
and extensive market for the trade of the old. We
all ad- ccate free trade let us rot, then, by a nar-
row p^h^y, restrain our people f cm fo'lowmg the
d ctntes of their o" njudgrnentm pursu.t ef wealth,
hcrcr, and happiness
Mr Chairman, having thus presented some of
t>e arguments in favor of the °;eneial principles of
this bi'l, I will notice very briefly the specific pro-
position now submitted, and a few of the objections
that hce been urged
In all the former lav s on th.s subject, pirjv-
s on was made, that whpn two were sett'ed en the
s?me quirter section, one or bo'h should be en-
titled nrder certain restrictions to select other Ian Is
not par'icnlarly designated This right is familiar-
ly called a "floating" puyilege To equalize the
benefits of such a law amons those vho fall withm
'ts provisions, some suph advantage it would seem
ought to be gi ven. But the great clamor raised of late
ytars about frauds commuted under the pre-emp-
tion laws, especially under this floatmg provision,
('he accounts o! whicr>, however, ha<e b en much
exaggerated,) brought the system itself somewhat
into disrepu'e, and tendered the floating principle
<o odious, that the friends of the measure thought it
best to guard ihw bill as strong y as possible
against any attempt at fraud or evasion, and to
yield up altogether the floatrag feature. In draw-
ing up the bill now under consideration, the de-
fects in former laws, in this particular, have been, as
far as experience m their operation would enable
us, corrected; every avenue oí fraud has been
closed. It provides for those only who have a per-
sonal residence on the land; and, as the floating
right for th  reasons stated has been left out, all
those who reside on the same quarter section are
to have it m common. Other laws required cul-
tivation; and what constituted cuifrwrfitm was a ques-
tion of much doubt and difficulty; and therefore
that requisition was omitted, and habitation substi-
tuted; about which there can be no difference
of opinion Thus we think the bill now under
consideration will not be subjected to doubt or mis-
construction, and, while wehaveietamed the mam
principle of the former laws, we have guarded this
so, that none who do not come withm tha reason,
can obtain the benefits.
The gent'eman from Massachusetts [Mr. Lin-
coln] objected to that part of the bill, as it came
fr im the Senate, requiring a residence on the 1st
December last, as being indefinite od uncertain.
Although I could not perceive the grounds for his
doubts, yet, as it might have been tmsconsU u"d, I
am perfectly agreed to accept the amendment he
proposed as a remedy? that is, to require a restdence
at the passage of the bill, and for four months
previous.
I cannot, however, consider as favorably the
other amendment offered by that gentleman, pro-
posing to exclude all from the benefits of this bill
who have taken land under any former pre emptioa
law. This amend-nent strikes at the very funda-
menta! principles f the system; and I cannot see
how any of those who favor the right of pre-
emp'ion, can support it We have shown yon by
thp printed documents that as much is obtained for
the public land by this system as any other.
Where, then, is the loss to the Government by per-
mitting more than one pre-emption' AH the argu-
ments that have been urged m favor of the right,
apply to him who made the second with as much
force as to him who bad made the first improve-
ment. The labor bestowed, which is the basis of
the claim, is the same in both cases, snd in neither
does he get it without payment. My colleague,
[Mr. Lyon,] who is well informed as to the opera-
tion of this system, has shown most conclusively
the injustice of this amendment, especially m the
general terms in which it is proposed. We know
that many of those embraced m former bills were
allowed so small a quantity of land, that ihey
« ere obliged to look out elaewbere. Oihers, find-
ing their places unhealthy, had to rerpove
The gentleman from Massachusetts advocating
this amei dment, which was offe-ed by him in the
Committee on Pnt ic Lands, and rejecfed at ni"
instance by a majon'y, has thought prober to re-
mark on the organization of that committee, too
favorable, as he thinks, to the interests of the new
States In reply to that charge, I have r>nly to say
that, in the appointment of committees, it is usi if,
and, indeed, nece=sar>, to se'ect those tv ho are most
familiar with the ques ions they have 'o consider.
The committees of t! is House on other subjects
will be found to have oeen organized on the same
principle
The gentleman himself is from an old State,
and jet I have found him general!' libera! m his
v^ws of pohev m relation to the p" die Ian is He
professes, hovever, to be an advocate of the ngh*
of pie-emption, under proper restriction , bm really
I am obliged to conclude, from ihe eharae'ei ot ihe
amendment he has now pioposed, and hi* remarks
in support of't, ¿hat his retinitis is would lead to the
destruction of ¡he principle it-eti
The gent'emm from Kentucky, [Mr. Unper-
wooo,] too, comes forward with another propo i-
tion of tie same tatal character, and, aft<-r some
controversy between himself and the «rentle ,an
from Massachusetts, they make terms and both
amendments are now ms sted on, each fa.al to the
ueasare
Mr Chairman, the b'H before us has; tor thrte
years, been a favorite measure with the member 
