392
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cong—2nd Sbss.
Pre-emption to actual settlers—Mr. Harrison.
June, 16&8.
H.of Reps.
from the new States; they have, with fear and
anxiety, watched this little bantling with a mother's
oare and tenderness. For months and years, indeed,
we had the mortification to see it pale and sickly;
languishing in disease, until we were almost in de-
spair. By unceasing and patient attention, how-
ever, the vital spark continued to cheer us, and at
last signs of recovery became manifest. It
strengthened and revived; and now, when we have
the heartfelt gratification of once again beholding it
in full vigor and life, beautiful as the morning rose,
ready to take its flight with healing on its wings,
angel-like, to carry the welcome news to our hum-
ble cottages, to dispel the gloom snd cheer the in-
mates, the gentleman from Massachusetts, and the
gentleman from Kentucky, who hive shown them-
selves hostile to its existence, come forward and
propose 10 take upon themselves the responsible
office of family physicians. They consult together
and prescribe, each his dose—one an emetic, and
the other a cathartic, eiiher of which would prove
fatal, but finally conclude to give both, and render
its destruction beyond doubt.
The gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Wil-
lums,] still more inimical to the family to which it
belongs, proposes to become consulting physician,
and advices more desperate drugs still. Under such
circumstances, these gentlemen roust excuse us fir
refusing their aid. We ask them to permit us, who
feel so much solicitude, to make our own selection
of doctors. They mu^t pardon us for our want of
cc-ufidence m ei her their skill, or their good inten-
tions in this matter. Tney ) rofe?s opposition to un-
tried o.peiiments. We will profil by their exam-
ple, and rather leave the patient to take care of
itself, than risk so much by a dangerous experi-
ment.
Mr. Chairman, we are indebted to Ibe same gen-
tleman iioro Kentucky for a novel project on the
subject of disposing of the public lands. He
paused and hesitated, however, before he favored
us with it, as if he himself wanted confidence in
the practicabiliiy of the plan, as, I trust, every
other member on this floor does in the justice of it.
He proposes that all the Government lands (that
occupied and all) shall be by proclamation open
for entry at the several land offices, for the first
four months, at five dollars per acre, and gradually
reducing for a year, until it gets to the present Go-
vernment price, Tvithout giving to those who have
improvements any betterclaun than the speculating
capitalist.
Now, sir, I was no! prepared to hear a
scheme so iniquitous from that gentleman, who
is, I believe, a native of Kentucky, where the
claims of settlers have ever been regarded, even
when coming in conflict with the. individual owneis
of the soil. But that gentleman, who claims to
know much of the practical operation of the occu-
pant system from what he has seen in his own
State, has ascertained that the settler is never bene-
fitted by it; but that the more sharp and shrewd
members of society always swindle them ou' of
such rights when allowed. The gentleman ;ays
you cannot make one of that class rich by legisla-
tion, etc.
I hope the gentleman docs Hot favor the
doctrine, that the poor aie to be kept p>or,
and the rich are to be made richer. I am
no "Loco Foco," sir; but still I beg leave to
differ from the gentleman from Kentucky, when
'he lays it down that the situation of the class of
men who emigrate to a new country, cannot be im-
proved by a proper system of legislation." I can
tell that gentleman, and the committee, that I have
seen innumerable instances to the contrary. I
will venture to say that many a family have re-
moved from the old States, where they were on the
parish register, to the new, and by the recuperative
energies and improved habits of industry, which
the products of a more fertile soil encouraged, not
only become wealthy and respectable in a few
years, but some have been seen participating in
the legislative councils of their adopted States. If
the gentleman from Kentucky despairs of making
the poor man rich by legislation, I trust he has not
fallen into the unjust policy of taking the little that
he has, and putting it into the pockets of the
waelthy.   His plan evidently leads te this result,
if carried out. Permit entries to be made of the
Government lands, without regard to the improve-
ments of settlers, and I will venture to predict that
the case would rarely occur, that the labor of the
most virtuous and industrious did not fall into the
hands of ihe more indolent and vicious. Does the
gentleman recommend a policy so fatal to the
rights of the honest and useful portion of the com-
munity? There is scarcely a doubt, but that if his
scheme is adopted, the poor man will not only fail
to get in a better condition, but grow poorer, and
tlu' little substance he has will go to fatten the rich
and the cunning.
The gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Ran-
dolph,] in a labored speech yesterday, m opposi-
tion to tins bill, evinced so little knowledge of the
grounds on which it is based, or the real provisions
it contains, that I do noi deem it necessary to reply
to all the remarks he submitted. He has followed
in the wake ol some distinguished politicians of the
present day, in denouncing the settlers on the pub-
lic lands as a lawless band of desperate adventu-
rers, etc.; the system of granting pre-emptions as
encouraging vice and immorality, and irreligious
in its tendency. Now, sir, 1 am not informed in
what school of morals and religion that geu'leman
was reared up, or what opinion he entertains of
ours, furthci than as he has expressed himself. Pos-
sibly he, comes from thf pact of th."i country where,
I understand, they take up collections in order to
raise a fund to "convert the heaihens in the Valley
of the Mississippi." As, far as my information on
the subject enables me to judge, I should conclude,
that we ?.ve as religious in the new States as in the
old, and practise morality as much. If he is ready
to take from us our homes, for which we have la-
bored, and give them to those at the same price we
oifer, who contributed nothing to the improvements,
I must, in behalf of my constituents, reject him as
a teacher of religion and morals.
Mr. Chairman, it does seem to me, from the
general course of the debate, in opposition to thir
measure, that gentlemen have fallen into one pal-
pable error, at least in tins: they reason on the sub-
ject, as if the bill befen e u: ;>■ iposed a donation of
land to the settlers, instead of what is really asked
—the poor privilege of buying the place we have
improved by your implied invitation, at a price as
high as any oiher will give. This is the simple
question presented. When gentlemen can discover
the mistake into which they have fallen on this
subject, I trust we shall have but little difference
of opinion as to the justice of the measure.
Mr. Chairman, those who have settled on the
public lands, as far as concerns my own district,
although in moderate circumstances in 1 fe, yet
they scorn the idea of coming here in ¡he character
of supplicants at the throne of wealth and power.
They are not rich, but independent, if they are
not polished, according te your city notions, they
are generous, hospitable, and vhtuous. They have
encountered dangers, hardships, and privations in
making their sctilenv-nts, and preparing the coun-
try for the moie timid; and they now stand ready
to endure others iu'dcfence of it agamst the common
foe. Just themselves, they claim je-tice at your
hands. Jealous of ¡heir own rights, they atk no-
thing of you that v. ill prejudice those of others.
Faithful and brave m discharging eveiy duty that
devolves oa them as tiue and patriotic citizens;
prompt and willing io discharge, according to the
"letter of the bond," every obligation that devolves
upin them, they claim of you the exercise of good
faith towards them, according to your promises.
They expect from you that protection in their rights
against encroachment by the vicious, that, as good
and virtuous citizens, they deserve. All this they
justly merit; they disdain to ask more.
SPEECH  OF   MR. HARRISON,
Of Missouri,
In the  Home of Representativa, June 12,  1838—
In Committee of the Whole on the state of ;he
Union, on the bill to grant pre-emption  to set-
tler;
Mr. HARRISON
follows:
addressed the committee as
Mr. Chair-ian: I wjas noi at. all surprised to
hear the remarks of the gentleman from New.'Jer-
sey, [Mr. Randolph.] I anticipated something of
the kind. Í was prepared to hear not only the
principles of the bill, the whole system denounced,
but also reproachful language used towards the
settler. I am not disappointed. What but a mo-
ment ago was anticipation, is now reality. 'Frauds
are charged as growing out of the system; and not
only is it alleged that the principles of the measure
lead dtrectly to frauds and perjuries,'but that,those
who are to anjoy its benefits, are the ready instru-
ments of all the mischiefs with which it is fraught.
And to prove the charge of fraud,, certain reports
of Mr. Brown, who was Commissioner of the Ge-
neral Land Office, are brought forward.
Sir, I do not hesitate to say that the reports al-
luded to, of that officer, are altogether incorrect. I
know all about them. If gentlemen will turn to
them again, they will see that the main one was in
answer to a communication of my own á? a mem-
ber of the Committee on Public Lands. Knowing
that many charges of fraud had been brought ,
against the pre-emption system, and being very de-
sirous to do all in my power to prevent the t evils
complained of, I wrote to the Commissioner, call-
ing his attention to this point, and enclosed him the
bill which I had the honor of reporting at the first
session of the last Congress, in order" that every
avenue to fraud might be closed. The report just
read by the gentleman from New Jersey, he will
find was directed to me through the Secretary of
the Treasury, in answer to a letter of mine, which
I had addressed that, officer, calling for all the in-
formation in his possession in relation to the frauds
that had been committed under the pre-emption
system. And, sir, what sort cf a document is„ this
report? Instead of being a cool and lámpara te
document, founded upon known facts, and relying
upon figures and calculations which could not de-
ceive or mislead, it resembles more the heated ef-
fervescence of an interested advocate. I would
sooner have taken it as the effusion of some uf the
frothy dcclaimers of this House, than as a grave
document emanating from an officer of this
vernment. The whole of it is incorrect; and what
makes it worse, it bears upon its face seif-convic-
tio'i of the truth of the charge.
Let me read what he says. It is astonishing
that any man having a standing worth the preserv-
ing, should make such thoughtless charges, "ft is
confidently believed that these privileges, covering
atjeaitfour millions of acres of land, joined with out-
rageous combinations to intimidate purchases
and other unjustifiable confederacies, have dimin-
ished the receipts of the public lands in the year
1835, full three millions of dollars, at a moderate esii-
mate below what they would have brought in fair
competition." Now, sir, in this short extract,
there are not less than two egregious and shameful
mistakes. And I will bring this sameCommisnoner
upon the stand as a. witness against himself. By
reference to Senate document No. 402, you will
find this remarkable language: "By Senate docu-
ment No. 376, pi i ".ted May 19, 1536, it appears
that the number of acres taken by pre-emptions
from th.: adoption of the cash system to the present
period, is two millions three hundred and eighty-
seven tkousand six hundred and fifty acres, for all
which the pre-esnptioners paid the Government the
price of §1 25 per acre. Now, by the documents
from the Land Office before referred to, it appears
that the average price obtained for all the public
lands sold since the cash system, is less than $ 1 31
per acre, being an excess of less than six cents over
the minimum price. Now multiply the total num-
ber of acres procured by pre-emptions, as before
given, by six cents, and the result is 0143,359, be-
ing the highest estimate of loss arising from the
pre-emption system, instead of the millions upon
millions so frequentl}' proclaimed by the enemies
of the system." Here, sir, are two extracts from
documents coming from the same office, which not
only contradict each other, but directly disprove
the charge of this sapient officer. At one time, he
tells us that "at least four millions of acres" have
been covered by pre-emptions; but afterwards in-
forms us that there are but little over, two millions
and a half, and furnishes figure? to* show t&e fact,
