394__________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________lane, 1-83B.
iS-iH Co%g--2sid Se o.                           JHre-emption. to actual settlers—Mr. Harrison.____________________________   H. of Reps
over us., that it is now less applicable to oar people,
our country, and institution :, than when this
unghtj domain was held hy the Staled
I can add to the proof already advanced of the
j ustice of the principle, the vv eight op Out of the Gene-
ral Government. From the time that these lands were
ceded up to the piesent period, the General Govern-
ment aJopt d at>d coi turned the system Why
should we abindoi it row? What>eason operates
row, " hu h never existed before, tl •> should mdu<.e
us lo given up' i\Tone whatevei Fui moit, man
for'v j cats, Congress has passed pre-emp'ion lavvs,
and u ¡s noiv too kit to object You nave, mi<tct,
nviteu men to becone sett'e.s, to iate virtually
told them to ¿o upoi ¡he public lauds, and improve
them Supposing ^ on sincere, lliev had no hesita-
tion r í.um¿ np^n the lands, and tlwe bestowing
then labor, b'hevini that vou vo d di for them
what vou had a me for others It the) have done
wion->, you *- .ve done worse, because it was youi
unmttnupvd policy on this, subjer that lea them
tn'o the error
I know full wel', Mi Chairman, what has been
said of the si t'lf rs of the new Stales I knov.- how
t'ity have been deniuiecd and .'bused 1 Know
t>>e reproach!ul epithets thai havebevn 1« ipi l upo j
them I know that they have beui called ' p'un
dercrs," "1tu iess (h piedatois,"&c but, s r, ro mm
knon's better tha i 1 do how unjust and inapplicable
aie all these harsh epithets It is at all tun*s pain-
ful to hear uiv class ot the cit ¿ens of out country
denounced b> any reproachful language, or brought
with n the scope oi atij|general charges, but it has
been done—most unjustly dun", and I am deter-
mined to vindicate th*in as they deserve.
Sir, it is in my power to vindicate them. My
petsonpi intercoms and personal acquaintance
wit', iluse men, enables „ie to vealr wildt I know
to be raci . It is utterly false that tney are ob-
m tious to the nUtiets wu ch hav e so wantonly
been lav isned upon Uu.m, and the man, whoever
he be, that here or clscwheie, in or out of tus
House, chooses to app'y such epithets to these
men, I punounee to be guilty of a fo il and wilful
calumny I know them uell. 1 have eaten at
the r loird, slept under their roof, and mingled
with ih ! i i i tlur mifufuiise with the vtoild, and
a mote I ni i, h spita1 !e, brave and geier us p°o-
pl  1 defy >he work' to prod ice. They, in truth
-ie tie fatheis o> the country. Ever) State i'. tnis
TJ in ii ' is hr d its settlers—men, brave Md dam.g,
Hh'> went into the wilderness as pioneeis, opening
iril pi norms it (or the more timid who were to
ioi'ow It is these men who give character and
tont to the generation that follows them, and it is
to such men !h .t die West owes its character for
bravery and chualry Su, men who go into the
d ep suhtu tes of the wilderness, seekma a home
for themselves and thtir families, risking their
hves at every step, ready lor any danger, and pie-
paied for every difficulty, giving up most of the
comlor's of life, and subjecting ihsraselves to hard-
ships, vvhicr jou and I wou'd cous'dcr the heaviest
punishment mat eoaid be inflicted upjn us, aie not
the men 'o be gutkj. o' the 'oul chaises that have
been aheged ugamst them The God of Heaven
never onUiueil th¿t the nob'e qualities of virtue,
patriotism, courig", and noble darmg, should be
found in the sane bosom with treachery and base-
nes . No, sir. The high tone of chatactei of toe
Western setter is far above that deep abjss of
vice to which some seem so willing to consign
then. They are thp best blood of the country,
and, if tney are deficient m tho«e accomplishments
which a liberal educ?tion affords to others, thpv
make up for the loss in the possession of qualities
of a stermr cast, wh ch be'ong only to them.
And it affords me a self-gratification, which ro e
but he who is acquainted tvi'hthem can experience,
to say that Í am proud of being tne representative
of such men O'hers may affect to be ashamed of
if presenting such a class of rnen,b it I am not. and
nothing shall de^er me fiom doing them the fullest
justice 1 am no more ashamed of ihf settlers of
the West—ay, <¡quaíteis, if you wi'l have it—than
should the proud and lofty-toned "o*d Virginia" be
thai her first mothers were women who. were
brought from England, put up at public auction,
and bought by the planters for a few ponndt of
tobacco.
Strangers might well suppose, from the denun-
ciations employed against tltese men, that they
were as low an 1 degraded in intellect as they are
charged to be abandoned in moral principle. I am
truly happy that I have the oppiilunity of fur-
nishing you with a bpecimen oí th ir intellectual
povveis. The paper which I ask to be lead, is a
memorial of a portion of the settlers of Illinois,
asking Congress to pass the pre-emption bill.
' in the Ul net ^x^cu'ion of \vha( w ~ conceive to be duties de
volwnguptn u= m vutueofoiirai ,omtmrit, v. e ale constrained
to siv, mat it is not without feet n.fs of s irpiise and lcgiet we
haveheird esppcially wiihm the lastv* r, that unfounded re
pons aie put in elm tation, impugnl 2, m general and no very
measuied teims the cuarao'ei natives and objects of the set
tiers upan the puhhc lands, lepic enttng hem (in the use of
epithets which neiilm a just sell ttspict, no adue regard for
dignity of oui hoioivb e body wi'l peimit us lnlhis place to
tcpeaO at. men without chaiactei and without i lghts We are
na'ned to bacne that manj of theoe latlanous repor s are
semina fie1 rce, md, becoming the theme of conversation m
the o tin gae  have loihid their way into the public prints,
and h t\e c en been echoed liom the vails of the Cipitol
' As settlers (n a portion of tht pi l if ande not in market,
we feel in ieutrb">-l on usto a^niitt Pt lion of theiesponsl
Way antouium(ii luclnt i=) of tin i tacks, and knowing
that Hlsehoo!, hen ^ndiolafikn'ty lepeited sometimes gains
the credi due < nt> l.nuii and elitviig tint thest fabrica
tion  ue n their n nd no> and ce'isu hreclly subversive of
tío ju i lights ot those whom wt l^pies^nt, we could noipass
them in si ei ce wittmtna gioss f'ertliolion of duty
'Ifyoiak then who tie ihesettleis on the un«umyed
public Jdiidoi' weanswei foi the northern section of the Slate
of Illinois, we a e youi biethren Our number includes na
uves of all the eastern, mid lie, southern, and older western
^tausofthio gieat confedenc}, who e chararter for intelh
gonee, indusiry, ai d moral wotth, would not (we venture to as
sett) b thspaiased i> a fair cjmpausc n with the communities
whlfh ihey havcioit
' Iuvittd i it'iet by repealed acts of our own Government,
liotn mo to t me expending pio eclion *o the hardy pioneei,
who bi alo t! e heat and buiden ol the day in reclaiming the
wihluicss tonveitine the haunls of the prowling woll, and
tli- loamirusavage, to the delightful abodes of civilized man,
ifMi. i ipi lied to accept the invitation, hy that spirit of en
tci p«sa which constitutes tl e disunctive featuie and the peou
I o hotjsi i ftht Amoncm ohatacier
<(\Vean engaged m the qute* ptirsui s of agriculture and its
kindledemplnjments, and in % eouniry which, thiee jeais
a^o, wa3 Ii tit bo ter than a desolate waste aie now to be seen
com o- able dwellings sunoui ucd bv \atuabh un roven ent^
W ttci j pi s ben ^ imp, >ved, and s-\w and gristmill  are
built 01 nsli " in e/ei> duet Hon
W li^tt nuche1- -notst-ue!) tejóles but bands of devout
w ">i i| pet^ wh>, oii/m_ above all mice their peisonal mle
t st in he Ch i-'ian rebelón and lestrihneit is the surest basis
ol utdivi hi d lapp lies tod of frent tal prosperity, feel hound,
tsi tie>tsa i tas el izens lo u vi !e loi the earlv establishment
oí its ¡n   it it   n^ amon«st us
W haveniiuis' i (Mie^íisie' men íespectable for taints
and es imah e f ir pietv  who i e ipi ritil diiuenci In the dimes
ol tleirp-i i t inki r i r" til ishlpsa djilivltons Ijhs won
fi he u oj i Ii ¡ice v \ iff cuon and wit'eiuse them to
live in ij; in th'5 sia tful n mt mbia ife of our children
1 I ni , w ule strua 'I us with the difficulties ever incident to
new and croiti^r settlement we have not lost our regard for the
mam t n ince of goo 1 oi '"s not our lespect for the laws of our
hel ive 1 counuy An I we are at the same time making, as we
think, Ureest fiees ait sti°i nous exerinns to uphold the
standaid of a pure indihv t d morah y amongst ourselves, and
to provi 'e for tl < mtellectu t' an 1 moial impiovement of the
usiii/gpueiation
' If such is the g nei at ch iractei of the body we have been
appointed toieprest nt, (and we 11 st all claims to your favorable
rPtrard upon the conectness of the fnreg.iiu0 statements) are we
then to he cmsideied lawless depr 'datois on the public o opertvf
Ai 3 we to be legalded as mere trespassers .Oready t > on I the
pah ofa lihei d protpf tioni Are we not,m fa i ccaudo-tihe
, uhllc tmds un lei encumotances precisely inilirwitb hose
who have settled a laige portion of them lieie ofore and who
havebien lep-'telij confii met! and protected in then poses
stois b\ the legist it en of (ou^re-st
it a different po ic. weienow to be ad >* ted if legardless of
the value whuh the toils and expendlti res o actual settlers
have ennfemd on the public la d around hem thm own im
piovernents were to b" set up for sale to the h "best bidder
nav^iiore if hy some nt v. legulatloli he present nhab'ants
on the unso'd lap] were to he placed complete \ within the
(fr^siof the wealthv speculatos— what, «e as! v/ould bn th^
rmsequence? W mid th ffieat and paiamount lclcrests of t le
\ mon be beuefiiledl It is b uely possible that our overflowing
licosuiymi h recci vea temporary accessio while thousand 
of wouhy cmyiis, with ri ingfamihes wouldhebenaaiel The
pro^penty of our rising "stoe would suffer a withering bhgh
and (we must he permute 1 to add) our nation's honor would
contract an m tehhle stain '
Does this show any thing like a desiaded igno-
rance'' The vainest of this body might we'l he
proud to be the author of such a ptecp It contains
an eloquence which burns upon the lip, because it
comes warm from the heart
It is a very common opinion, I know, that the
Geneial Government h?s done much for the West,
and the gmtleman from New Jeisev. took occasion
to allude to it. I do not mean, by any thing I may
sav, to excite >:eotwnal feelings, nor do I desire to
offend the sensibilities of any gentleman by my re-
marks on tins head A careful examination of this
point will show the contrary. Those who so flip-
pantly speak oí this, by way of showing the many
obligations of the West to the old States, do not
know the ground they stand on, and take a leap ia
the dark, when they make the assertion. The fact
is, there has been something of a feeling of opposi-
tion to the West, from the first deeds oí cession, to
the present hour. How else can we account for
many strange acts of legislation on this subject?
After the cession of the lands to the G-eneral Go-
vern ment, the attempt was made that everj previous
township should lie sold out complete, before
another should be offered for bale. Then the pro-
position was submitted, that 640 acres should he
the smallest tract sold. If these propositions had
been carried, what would have been the piesent
condition of the West? A wilderness, with prowl-
ing beasts roaming where Cow are towns and vil-
lages, and cultivated fields.
Is il the result of accident that the resources of
ihe West have been locked up? Look at the mine-
ral lands, the saline lands, and salt springs, so
abundant in the new States, and tell me what it
was that induced you|to reserve them from sde1
What but a sordid feeling, which ledyotrtp believe
that, by withholding them from private enterprise,
you could suddenly amass immense wealth by mo-
nopolizing them, in spite of the experience of every
day, which taught you that at best you was but S
bungling opeiator. Look at the private land claims
that yet cover the territories of Missouri, Arkansas,
Mississippi, and Louisiana, in the face of that
treaty in which you solemnly plighted your faith
that those who were transferred to our Government,
should be protected in their private rights. More
than the third of a century has elapsed since the
date of the treaty, and these rights not yet pro-
tected' But the injury to private individuals is
not all that has been done. Tfas States m which
these claims are to be found, arelo be harasse8for
years to come vviih lawciuls, giowing out ef the
course that has been pursued; and many portions
of them are doomed to be a wilderness, because
you will not take the necessary steps to have them
finally settled
I will now reverse the picture. What has the
West done for the General Government"* Western
enterprise has made you rich. It is the labor of
the Western man that hai given value to your
lands. It was Western bravery that redeemed
them from the hands of the savage ; and what was
the assistance of the Government to the West m
thus redeeming the country from ihe possession of
the savages' None. Tennessee fought through a
twelve jeai ' war without any. Kentucky, id her
fifteen > ears' war, received none until about the
close ot it Your lands have been redeemed by
the sweat and the labor and the sufferings of the
Wes ern pioneer, and made valuable by the price
of his blood. But, sir, if the labor we have be-
stowed, the improvements we have made, and the
blood we have spilt in acquiring the country, will
not entitle us to consideration, then I would ask
you to look to the revenues y< u have derived from
that quarter. Go to the city of New Or'eans, and
examine the amount of he exports and imports;
and after you have made a calculation of" the reve-
nues that have been derived f^on that single port,
then deny, if you can, th.-t you have not long since
received an equivalent for 3 our lands You have
been more than paid m hard dollars
We are a neglected peop'e. Ours «s a farming
interest, you hav e done nothing to aid it But year
after year, you make appropriations, and millions
upon millions vou spend, to protect commerce—to
assist and extend facilities to the mercantile inte-
rest. At this, time, every sea on the globe is
whuened with the sails of our navy, which has
been distributed throughout the earth to gtve pro-
tection to our commerc. I do not complain of
tins, I only complain of the e c'usiveness of your
fostcmg care. It was but the other day that hun-
dreds oi thousinds of dollars were appropriated to
fit out ?n exploring expedition, an expedition ex-
pressly designe 1 to advance, assist, and give fur-
ther advantages to commerce. This is not all. I
address myself to certain gentlemen of fh.s House,
and ask them to turn their attention to the fishe-
l.es, and to see that here, we jiotonly give all the
protection which they could ask, but that, in addi-
tion to this, we give bounties to vessels engage  
