398
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juüe, 183$.
25th Cong-.-2nd Sess.
Pre-emption to actual settlers—Mr^ Snyder.
H. of Repg.
be granted to us by Great Britain "when fairly
presented,"- and "lhat negotiation is not yet ex-
hausted." Look at the correspondence from 1832
to this day, and see if any thing can be more un-
founded than these suggestions. Again we arc
told that it may be well to make the St. Johns,
from its mouth to its source, the line. Has not
this alieady been proposed to Great Britain by our
Government, and rejected in no very courteous
terms? Still we are regarded by some as wanting
in discernment of our true interest, and as re-
creant oí our duty to the General Government, in
urging the. passage of this bill; that by so doing
we are putting at hazard the peace of the country,
and the attainment of oar rights. It may be so,
but we feel confident that ihe reverse of this is
true. By passing the bill, we show to Great
Britain that the settlement of the boundary cannot
longer be delayed; lhat the nation will insist upon
its establishment according to the terms of the
treaty of 1783. It will furnish to the President a
strong argument to induce Great Britain to agree
to fix the line by negotiation, or to join us in run-
ning and marking the boundary according to the
treaty; and why shall this be regarded as a hostile
measure? It does not propose to take any thing
that is not clearly ours; and why should Great
Britain be offended at our doing that? The Presi-
dent may, and probably will, ask Great Britain to
join in that survey. Why will she not do so?
She cannoi justify herself to the world if she shall
refuse it. It was a maxim of our late venerable
President to ask nothing but what is right, and to
submit to nothing that iswrons: let us practic it,
and if Great Britain will not jom in the survey,
nor establish the treaty line, then we must do it;
and if Great Britain complain, she will do so with-
out cause; and if we will he careful to take no
more than by the terms of the treaty we have a
right to, she cannot consider it cause for war; but
if the General Government will not assume the
question, and act with a determination to bring it
to a speedy is.su,-, but wi<I leave it to Maine to
struggle alone with the neighboring province, it is
easy to see that it cannot be long before her citi-
zens, and perhaps her Government, will be in
collision with New B.unswick. This mu<t soon
lead to border s'nfe. from which war will ensue,
and very soon involve both Great Britain and the
XJnited States in the controversy. Senators may
think th^t Maine and New Brunswick may fight
it out; it will not prove so; each nation must, and
will come to the aid of their respective pa'ts, and
it may not then be so easy to convince the world
thai we are right, as it will be if we pass this bill,
and under it claim nothing hut what is ours.
If, therefi-re, n-e would avoid war, which every
ose should desire, let us pass the bill, and leave the
execution of it to the constituted head of the nation,
in whose judgment and discretion the people have
confidence. By so doing, this irritating and long
protracted question of boundary will be brought to
an end; and, if it must be that we must fight to
maintain ¡t, it will not be the first time that this
nation has been driven to that alternative to obtain
their liberty and to maintain their right; and while
we íegírd such an "vent as greatly to be deplored,
we should consider that the dismemberment of our
f>rrilory, and the. usurpation of it by a foieign
Government, are much more to be deplored.
PRE-EMPTIONS TO ¿ETT'LERS.
SPEECH OF MR. SNYDER,
Of Illinois
",;   ills   House   of Reprts'ria'Jtcs, June 1-5,  1838—
On the bill granting pre-cmpt.ons   to   settlers on
the public lan.vs, on the motion of Mr. Lincoln
to exclude from its benefits those w..-j han here-
tofore availed themselves of pre-emption lights.
Mr. SNYDER addressed the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: I had not intended to occupy the
timo of this House with any more remarks on the
merits of this bill; but nay duty to a very deserving
class of my constituents forbids  that 1 should sit
here in silence, and permit an  amendment which,
if adopted, will exclude a great portion  o£ merito-
rious citizens from the benefits of this pre-emption
law. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Lincoln] proposes, by his amendment, to prohibit
any man who has ever availed himself of the bene-
fit of any former pre-emption law from again being
entitled to a second pre-emption. It would seem,
from the arguments of that gentleman, that the
Government, in once granting the right of pre-
emption to an actual settler on the public lands, is
granting a boon, i: giving a liberal donation, for
which the person receiving it should for ever be
shut out from the benefits of any other provision in
favor of occupants on the public lands. Sir, I deny
that the Government gives away any thing when it
grants a pre-emption right. Trie sales of the pub-
lic lands for the last eight years show that but two
cents an acre have been realized over the minimum
price; one dollar and twenty-seven cents an acre
having been the average of the sales of the public
domain. When from this you deduct the cost of
advertising, and of selling at public sale, it will be
found that at public sale the nett price falls below
the minimum price at private sale. Suppose
though I am mistaken in the amount for which the
public lands have been sold within the last eight
years—and I believe no man contends the average
sales for that time have produced more than one
dollar and twenty-eight cents an acre—who would,
for that small pittance, exclude the man that,
through his enterprise and his labor, had heretofore,
under a former pre-emption law, given the Govern-
ment price, purchased the land, and sold out his
labor to some more wealthy man, who was unwil-
ling to encounter the privations and difficulties of
■making an improvement in the wilderness? I can-
not think that the sense of justice of this House
will permit so great an act of selfish tyranny to a
class of men who merit from us a more enlightened
and liberal legislation.
This bill is opposed with as much obstinacy and
pertinacity as though it proposed to give the lands
of the Government away. Sir, you give nothing to
the settler. You 'eceive from him the price you re-
ceive from the speculator. Even admitting
you gained three cents an acre by non-resident
speculators, to whom are you indebted for the
puiful augmentation in price, if not to the resident
cultivator? The speculator does not enter into the
unsettled wilderness to purchase public lands. The
poor man, driven by misfortunes to explore and
settle your solitary wastes, unwilling to beg. snd
unable to buy, the refuse of your populated dis-
tricts, is forced into the wild woods; builds his log
cabin; frequently hunts to sustain him and his fa-
mily, until, by laborious improvement, he succeeds
in getting a patch uuder cultivation for the sus-
tenance of bis family. The fir.t years are passed
in toils and privations incident to a frontier life,
cheered only by the hope, that, by the time popula-
tion shall have gathered around him, he shall be
enabled to pay the minimum price, still extorted by
our unjust and unnecessary laws. These are the
pioneers who first ma're known the relative value
of our unsettled and unexplored wastes. These
aiv the men who first give positive value to our
Western lands. But, unfortunately for them and
for us, the very vulue bestowed on the adjacent
'mds by their improvements; the additional value
of the public lands resulting from tioeir privations;
that very additional value attracts the speculator
from your moneyed States. Sir, you yourselves
..! ■"- the great cause of speculation and of specula-
¡ i,-- ,n the public lands, by that provision in your
¡aw which prohibits the new States from taxing the
land for five years after you have sold it, and which
also prohibit  the new States from taxing the land
of a non-resident higher Ih-in that of a resident.
Remove those prohibitions: allow the new States to
tax the lands as too  as they are sold, and to make
a just discrimination between the lands of residents
a-;d non-residents, and my woid for it we would
soon be rid of the curse of non-resident speculators.
Eut, sir, let us look at the beneficial re.ults of
i"u- previous pre-emption laws. How many mil-
lions of dollars have the actual settlers paid into
the Treosury during the last twenty years. Since
the enactment of the pre-emption law of 1830,
continued up to June 1836, upwards of fifty-seven
millions of dollars has been received from the sales
of the public lands: although all this sum wits not
received from actual settlers, it was received da-
ring this existence of pre-emption Jawi. Atno-
former period did the,, sales ever amount to this
sum. Since the pre-emption expired in June 1836,
the sales of the public lands have very sensibly
diminished: .in 1836, during the existence of-the
pre-emption law, the proceeds of the sales of the"
public lands was upwards of twenty-four millions
of dollars; in 1837, after the pre-emption law.narl
expired, the sales amounted lb about five millions
six hundred and forty-fourthousarid dollars. In a
pecuniary point of view, then there can be ao ob-
jection to the passage of this bill, neither can
there be found any objection extending its provi-
sions to a man who before has. availed himself of
the benefits of a former law. Trie argumenrwbuld
show, if it showed any thing, lhat the Government
would sell two quarters of land in place of, one.
No, sir, that is not the objection; there are other
motives which operate on the minds of those gen-
tlemen who oppose' this bill. Sir, we have'heard
on thisfloor that the facilities given loacquire lands
in the new States, act as a drain to the population
of the old States! How long is thatselfish and illibe-
ral policy to continue? This Government is the only
really fice one on earth, .yet it is the .only one
that ever demanded from its citizens a sordid price
for its waste lands. -How many of our citizens has this
cruel and heartless policy, .driven from their coun-
try? When Louisiana was purchased from the
French Government, near one-half of its citizens
were Americans who had emigrated from the Uni-
ted States, and had: contributed to the glorious
Independence of their country. In,1789;b'ut a !evi
years after tbejndependenee of thiscountry^ and at
a time our Government' wis preparing and
adopting the system of selling its -Westeralands at
, two dollars an acre, how different was the policy of
the provincial Government of Louisiana! We find at
that time this letter published in the United Slates.
It is signed by Estaven Miro, Spanish Governor at
New Orleans, in the province of Louisiana, dated
September 16th, 1789, addressed to Benjamin Se-
bastian, esq. of Kentucky.   Extract:
"In order to populate ihe province, his Majesty has been gra-
ciously pleased to authorize me to grant to tlie emigrante, free
of all expanse, tracts of from two hundred and forty to eight'
hundred acres, in proportion to their properly, and in particu-
lar cases of men of influence, who may-aid these views, I shall
extend the gramas far as,three thousand, qcres. Ton will t>. 
exempt from all taxation, and will be'altoweti the private ex-
erase of your retigion, without molestation IVom any person
whatever, and will enjoy all the rights, piirilege?, and immuni-
ties of his Majesty's other subjects."
I need not produce authorities to satisfy this
House that the French Government was equally
liberal with the waste lands of her colonies in
America, and, like the Spanish, donated the land to
the actual settler free of all expense. Neither need
I trouble the House to produce documents to show
that Great Britain gave not only donations of land •
in the Cañadas to emigrants, but even furnished
them with the implements of husbandry fur culti-
vation, and, in some instances, provisions to sus-
tain the emigrant and his family one year. How
many of our countrymen, induced by the liberal
policy of the Republic of Mexico, have emigrated
to Texas, receiving four thousand acres of the finest
soil, in the most genial climate, for the bare cost of
surveying and recording the titles. The character
of those men who were driven by the parsimony
and selfishness of the Legislature of this country to
another, require from me no eulogy. Their de-
fence of the Alamo, and their gallant valor at the
battle of St. Jacinto, has shown them worthy of the
free country of their birth, and has won for them
lasting and imperishable glory. Then-success, and
the liberal policy extended by them to persons emi-
grating there, is now constantly draining from all
the States, and particularly the Southern, many of
our best and wealthiest citizens. They will not
only populate Texas and develope her resources,
but the same spirit of enterprise, the same narrow
and mistaken policy of this Government, in regard
to the mode and manner of disposing of her public
lands, will cause our countrymen to wrest from the
imbecile and feeble hands óf the Mexican Govern-
ment other and fairer provinces. Hosv long, with
these facts staring as in the face, will this Shylock
land system continué to weaken, "in place of
strengthening, us; to drive a way,-in place of. retain-
ing, our own citizens'?   .,•"-.-;£>£■"■'' "' i-'-*•>'-
