June, 1838.
25th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
Whether this increase shall, by the partiality and
injustice of law, be monopolized by five individuals,
or shall be left free to the acquisition and enjoy-
ment of ail, does not at all affect the certainty of
the fact of such increase; but it does materially
concern the comfort, happiness, and equal rights of
ninety-five out of one hundred in society. The
augmentation of the aggregate wealth of a nation
is not, therefore, always the proper measure of the
aggregate improvement and amelioration of the
condition of its inhabitants. Strange and paradoxi-
cal, therefore, as it may at first appear, it is never-
theless undoubtedly true, that a nation may be ra-
pidly increasing in wealtn, whilst individual pover-
ty and inequality may be still more rapidly multi-
plying, and this deterioration of the comfort and
means of subsistence of the inhabitants, separately
or in different sections or parts, may be the result
ot those very laws which are stimulating the em-
ployment of capital, and enhancing its profits
Such will be the tendency, in a greater or less de-
gree, of any system which takes from individuals,
by taxation, a sum more thin sufficient for the
most rigidly economical warns of Government, and
permits the sum of taxation, or any portion thereof,
to be transferred to favored classes or associations,
to capitalistb and speculators, under the shallow
pretence of "-obtaining credit, mvigoiatmg confi-
dence, extending commerce, and promoting the
general prosperity of the country, but really lor the
purpose of swelling the profits and aggrandizing
the wealih of these favorites.
I should not have gone thus senousiy, and at
large, into this uives'ijaticn ol the deposite system,
as connected v,ith trie pimcipl ~ of p ¡meal ec no
my, bv for tnc lift that the policy of usini  the
revenue, as active business ca, ¡tal, has heretofde
been recommended and sanctioned, ha-, been rr> n
tamed <n this ilooi, and has bpen recently and
zealously uiged and defended in the other end of
this building "The whole surplus revenue be-
yond the current disbursement of the Government"
is to be rescued from "barren and unproductive
idleness," is u> be preserved from "annihilation" as
«o much "national capital," and is to be made
"susceptible of multiplication, through conven-
tional substitutes, to four times its nominal amount,
and capable o! tiuctifymg and sustaining the na-
tional industry to a corresponding extent "■* I
have felt it m> duty to meet and repel this doctrine
of availing oui^elves of the revenue power, the
power of taxing the people, for the acquisition of
national capital, to be employed in the encourage-
ment of national industry. Such a system of
deriving capital from the labor of thu country, such
a mode of giving it employment, with the conse-
quent distribution of its profits, is partial and un-
just in its effects upon the different sections of the
Union, and is repugnant to the spirit and intention
of the Constitution. Against such a departure
from the meaning and intent of the compact,
against such sectional preferences, against such
odious inequality, we have just cause of complaint.
Without discrimination or favor, let all be left free
to exert their industry and skill, to employ their
capital accord ng to the suggestions of their own
judgments, and to enjoy, without interference, the
fruits of their toils. But to see taxes, generously
contributed tor the sole purpose of equal govern-
ment and equal security, diverted fiom their legiti-
mate end, m order to bestow partial benefits, is to
feel the sting of injustice and oppression.
In vain has the Constitution secured uniformity
throughout the U uted States, m "all duties, im-
posts, and excises," m vain has it ordained that "no
prefeicnce shall te given by any regulation oí com-
merce or revenue to the ports of one State over
those of another-" these provisions lose their salu-
tary qualities, under the operation of that system
which regards the revenue as national capital, and
allows its employment for the encouragement of the
industry and trade of one commercial city in pre-
ference oí another.
Mr. Chairman, notwithstanding all these objec-
tions, to the constitutionality and policy of the
measure, which I have endeavored to enforce, and
which, to my own mind, are insuperable, a revi-
* See speech of Mr Rive? in the Senate of the Unite 1 States,
February b-T 1338
>IX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Independent Ti easury—Mr. Dromgoole.
val of thi  exploded expenment is still most perti-
naciously recommended. Numerous apologies,
alike ingenious and unsatisfactory, are offered for
past insufficiency, whilst the most liberal promises
are tendered for future fidelity and prompt per-
formance of duty. For myself, I have no confi-
dence in it  adequate ability or its efficient agency.
Unquestionably it has performed one miracle, a re-
petition of which, no man, in his senses, who loves
his country and its Government, ought to desire.
With millions of revenue actually collected and
unexpended, reported by the Secretary as having
been received into the Treasury, this system
has reduced the Government to want and
embarrassment, in the language (f the day, to
bankruptcy. Is it the part of wise men to urge
an immedate exposure to asimilarfate? Or is it,not
a wanton disregard of a high and solemn obliga-
tion to insist again to place the public money in an
exposed condition, liable to be withheld fro n law-
ful use and appropriation at the mere pleasure of
artificial and irresponsible bodies, acting under the
suggestions of fraud, capnee, convenience, or ne-
cessity. Exposed to such contingencies, and desti-
tute, as I contend, of an> complete remedy, we
cinnot, with strict propneiy, affirm that th" reve-
nues are in a place of security. He, who is ex-
posed to danger, who is in •actual peril, cannot, in
truth, be considered safe, because piobably he may
have the good fortune to escape uithout mjuiy
The binks may again suspend, (should they gene-
r illV resume and get possession of the public mo-
ney,"i maj iefus= torrdem then proii i«es, ma vió-
late then c( nirac's, aiid mav di^re^ird all their
obligations Becau e the/ may ult mi*el> pi >ve
solvent, because they ma) peihpps, if so inclined,
lefund the money placed m their custody, and be
cau e eventua'i/ noth ng may b3 lost, ,s it the'e-
tOi-" ife oi-riui'ei t to sulject tne Government, for
it  suppoit and very continuance, to sr~h contin-
gencies'? To speak with dceu'acy aid preciMtn, I
cannot admit that banks aie such agents as the
public ought to believe sale and suitable My col-
leafue, [Mr Gjrland,] however, will insist that
banks give SPcunty, and are as much responsible
as the officers of the Government; and that we have
all the power over them which we have over indi-
viduals
It will be an exceedingly difficult task to demon-
strate that there is the sam° degree oí responsibility
to this Government on the part of Sta'c banlts rnd
Fedeial oncers. It will be a rash undertaking to
s'rtve, bv argument, to prove that we have all the
power over them which we have over individuals
holding Federal offices. This subject of co'porate
responsibility, and coiporate liability to coercion inti
punishment, has already been anticipated. Sup-
pose, in defiance of all principle, it should be at-
tempted to declare by law the same penal'íes, the
same sanctions, agiinst State corporations, as
against individual officers of this Government for
delinquency, suppose, by the contm anee of corn-
pads and stipulations, j ou set on foot some spe-
cies of prosecut on in the Federal courts- how can
their judgments and sentences be enforced against
bodies politics of the States'* If the coercion of the
civil magistracy be insufficient, shall resort be had
to the coercion ol arms' It is absurd to think of
fine, and punishment, and imprisonment, as appli-
cable to corporations. In the very nature of thin? ,
ihere cannot be the same kind, or the same degrtc,
of responsibility on their part as on the part of re
gularly appointed officers. In the very nature of
things, no Government can exerc se all the powet
over its <mri corporations which it may exercise
over individuals, and much less can, or ought, this
Federal Government to exercise all the power over
the State banks which it may, pud docs, exercise
ovei its on,  officers But theie is an acknowledged
distmctnn between a law commanding and com-
pelling performance, an,' a compactor agreement for
mutml serwee or favor Suppose a violation of
the bargain by the Government, or ts officers,
where s the rempdy of the coi poraltons'' Confis-
cation of the pubhe money? Suppose a v olation
or failure on tee part ot the corp'rations, how can
a specific periormanee of the contract be enforced?
And again, these contracts may be prohibited by
the State Legislatures, nay, more- may be set aside
■4* CKfj
GLOBE.                     -     *&
H. of Reps.
          ,.....  •
nullified by the stockholders m general meeting, as
was the case of the contract made with the Banko.
Virgmia.
Elaving made these suggestions in relation to se-
curity and safety, to responsibility, and to the prac-
ticable application of a coercive power, I propped
to take a very cursory view of the manifold advaa
tages so confidently promised, as the result of thg
fiscal connection with the oanits. am much mis-
taken if the endst o oe accomplished, the benefits
designed, will not be found, on examination, to be
objects not contemplated or authorized by the Con-
stitution. The powert o raise ¡evenue, and to dis-
burse it is unquestionably grants d
Iti s proposed =o to exercise this power as to re-
gulate or restrain the banks from issuing notes be-
low a certain denomination to be prescribed by
act of Congress. Congress has no power to enact
in direct terms any such prohibition, and yet prin-
ciple is equally vio ated by the adoption of regula-
tions indirect-y accomplishing the same purpose.
It proposes to stimulate the banks to good manage-
ment, and to deter them from misconduct, by ope-
rating on their "hopes and fears   The hope of be-
ing pet milted to derive profit from the use of the
revenue, the fear of losing the opportunity of enjoy-
ing this boon, are held out as inducements to the
banks to conform their proceeding's to the wishes
of Fedefal authority. The power to foster and en-
courage domestic manufactures in the States, by
means of the revenue power, and by force of com-
mercial regulations, rests on no better foundation
than the power to ioster and encourage the issue
of a local currency. The powr to encourage thaw.
manufacture of < rt.eles ot prescribed dunens.ons
and quitlity d pends upon trie same lule ot con-
sta el on as the right to encourage the manufacture
of I ank notes of prescribed denomination and
value.    The njht to create pubbc confidence in the
I    strengui and dj^abd ti of trie article of cloib, is as
'    clear as the right 11  i nprc¡>s publn confidence on
II   the pi tides of paper promises They are both
articles of domest e manu'act ire, an I may be pto-
dueed with or without . cts ot  nt operation.
The ' reward" of public confidence is ptcfierid
to one class, the withholding of puohc confidence
is the rod of "punishment" to another class of
banks. Where is the constitutional po*er to con-
vert the public confidence and the credit of the Go-
vernment mta a system of "rewards and punish-
ment ?"
It virtually establishes a treaty of peace and co-
operation with the pliant and conformable, and
makes war upon the solvency and credit of the re-
cusant and non-conforming banks
The power of selection is founded upjn the as-
sumption of a right to pronounce upon the solvency
and sufficiency of our State institutions-. In prac-
tice, it makes an odious, unjust, ard injurious dis-
crimination. Its effect is to divide the local cur-
rency of the States into two classes: one class is K,
have the credit and confidence of the Government,
and its issues are to be received in payment of dues,
the other class has not the endorsement of the Go-
vernment for i's solvency, has not the favor of its
confidence and good op. non, and its issues are not
receivable ¡n payment of dues. Equal though they
may be in all other respects, the receivabil ij i
one m payment of dues, and 'he exclusion of 'he
other, destroys their uniforms . Tne addition;1!
function of discharging public dues, enhi >ces the
valu >,f the < n<- m public estimation, and deprec -
ates the other.
On this subject of currency the United Slates
p-esent an anomaly.
No State can make any ih ng but gold and silver
coin a tender m payment of d-b's The power thu«
prohibited to the Sta'es, is no «h=re conferred on
Congress. " To com money, regula'e the value
I thereof, anil of fore gn co n, and fix the standard of
weights and measnes," is a power delegated to
Congress, and expressly denied to the States. The
gold and stiver coin, t ms under the regulation of
Congress, is tht only money known to the Constitu-
tion, and ol which Congress can take cognizance,
or can prt duce or regulate In addition to this
current and constitutional com of the whole United
States, the States respectively claim, and have ex-
ercised, the right of creating banking companies,
