June, 1838.______
25th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
hi Lio s^b ern^oi finance   Against his constitutional '
constructions and ¡us fiscal arrangements, the Re- '
publican pany have regularly protend; and I can-
not but think that my colleague, as a Republican,
has made a most unfortunate reference.   Instead
of Oo!d and silver m the receipts and disbursements
of the Government, in pursuance of the provisions l
of the Constitution, it is maintained that the re-
ceipts and disbursements of equivalents is a fair
compliance with the Constitution and the law. Sir, '
the doctrine of equivalents is unknown to the Con- |
stitutiun.   it is one of the many and fatal heresies I
ot iedeiahsm.    If Congress, or any department,or
officer ol the Government, can, in place of a specific
thins;, at discretion substitute  an  equivalent, then i
alt the specific provisions of the Constitution may be j
supplanted, at the discretion of one, or all the de-
partments combined, by the substitution of their
eqmv iknls.
Sir, all the doctrines and arguments of those who i
protess to belong to the Republican party, and yet '
advocate bank agency anda paper medium m the
public receipts and disbursements, are of strong
Federal tendency, they lead, inevitably, to an ad-
mission of the constitutionality and necessity of a
National Bank.    They maintain that bank agency-
is essential in the collection, safe-keeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the revenue, and that a paper
currency, convertible into gold  and siver, and as
an equivalent for'gold and silver, is also indispensa-
ble in the collection, transfer, and disbursement of j
the revenue.                                                              j
Now, Mr Cha rman, a Chief Justice Marshall
would, fiom premises not so strong and pointed,
easily and logically deduce the conclusion that it
was the right, and the duty, of Congress to esta-
blish a National Bank as a proper, convenient, use-
ful, and necessary appurtenance of the revenue
pow er
I do not mean to charge my col'eague [Mr Gar-
land] or all his political associates on this ques-
tion, with any wish or intention to favor the esta-
blishment of such an institution at present. He
has always disclaimed it—disclaims it now, and I
am satisfied of his sincerity. I was, however,
showing, as I migh legitimately do, and, as I
think, I have successfully done, that the creation
of such an institution must be the ultimate result,
the final conclusion, of all their argumen's and
doctrines
In the lo ig departure of the Government from
thetiue rule of duty, and in the svstsms and prac-
tices which have grown up, I am fully aware that
the habits, business, and interests of society are in-
volved in a complicated and intimate connection.
No man is more sensible than I am,  that, in the
application of principles, however true  m theory,
we ought most caretuily to survey all the difficul-
culties and obstructions presented by the exiting '
condition of things.     Wln'st I would not, in deft- j
anee ol every obstacle,  and regardless  of conse-
quences, prtss a i immediate adoption of a favorite
system, in all  us parts, neither  would I, íelin-
qu.smng a1!  hope and all elTort, abandon it in, dc- I
ipa.r, because it was not, at once, wholly practica-
ble.    Existing difficulties, cau'ed by the errors and
defects of the past, cannot justify a change or an
abandonment of principles founded   in  truth,  and I
in the Constitut on.      It is rattier the duty  of the
statesman and the philosopner, sincerely convinced,
and firm of purpose, to strengthen hi*- defences by
recson and argument,  and to  remove,  prudently
and gradual >, v. ith the least mconve'uerce and in-
jury, the difficulties which oppose the introduction ¡
of his system       In obedience to the suggestions of
prudence, and (i >m a desire to avoid any shock m
uiju y to the interests of the community,  the bill
undtr consideration pioposes,  very  Gradually, an
entne disuse of the papei currency for the use of
the TWsury, ai d  a compile  itsioration  of the i
cons'itutiotiai  stand?rd,   and thus,  after a   long j
com se ot erroi, to retrict the Government,  m t\t
inai .juneH >f the finarces, to  the simple duty I
pre-, r oed in the instiuniciit defining its powers       I
Mr Cn in mm, an objection I as b-vn urged, tint
this sepaiation oi the Treas.iy liom the ban1*
will rtquire in ldditional number ol officers, and
will increase the patronage of the Executive.
Sensitive as mav be the public mind on the subject
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Increase of the    any—Mi   Ytll
of patronage, it is yet too intelligent and too patrio-
tic to be deludedmtoan abandonment of a wise and
constitutional measure,byan unfounded clamor. It
relies for its execution, like every other measure,
upon officers competent m capacity and number,
constitutionally appomiei, and constitutionally respon-
sible. Ample personal security, the solemn sanc-
tions of oaths, liability to removal from office, the
certainty of punishment for offences, the dread of
exposure and disgrace—these are the guarantees,
which will, in the general, ensuie capacity and
fidelity. Shall we surrender the belief, so long and
so universally entertained in America, that man
in his natural person, and in his individual re-
sponsibility, is worthy of trust and confidence, is
capable of executing the ordinary functions of civil
Government? Shall we surrender this theory of Re-
publican Government as an impracticable specula-
tion or an idle dream, and in utter despair commit
the vital concerns of tins extended Confederacy, to
associations of men converted by legal magic into
bodies politic and corporate, with chartered protec-
tions, known to the Government as agents only in
their artificial character, whereby responsibility is
diminished, and the difficulty of a'pplymg the re-
straints and coercions of the law is greatly increased1
In lieu of the vast and complicated machmeiy of
bank agency, our bill substitutes only some nine or
'en additional officers. The increase of patronage
to be exerted through these few additional officers
of the Treasury Department, rigidly prohibited
from using or employing any public money ¡n
their charge, under any pretence, for private pur
poses, dwindles into insignificance, compared with
the almost incalculable influence which may
be secured by an alliance between the banks
and the Treasury Take the favorite num-
ber of deposite banks—twenty-five, multiply
these by the «hole number of o&cers, stock-
holders, and debtors, too, in each: the extent of
corrupt influence and patronage into which this
system may degenerate is absolutely appalling The
public attention cannot be diverted from the con-
templation of this stupendous combination, so sus-
ceptible of a sinister influence, and so tempting to
a designing Secretary, by the artful and causeless
cry of Executive patronage over nine or ten offi-
cers, fettered with legal restraints. Look at the
numbers of opulent merchants, capitalists, stock-
holders, and stockjobbers, who may, under the
operation of this system, be brought into financial,
and, probably, political, union and conceit, with
the Secretary as common head It would seem
that the genius of Hamilton had awaked to revive
" those fiscal systems and airangements which
keep a host of commercial and wealthy indivi-
duals embodied, and obedient to the mandates of
the Treasury," and which the advocates of free
Government and the enemies of corruption have
heretofoie assailed.
Mr. Chairman, undei the separation of the
banks ar I Uic Government, proposed to be effected
bv tne *i 1 under examination, "a regular state-
ment ar i ucount of the receipts and expenditures
of a'l > ibi c money" will be piacticable All the
artificia cu .elusions and legal constructions of
former ¿j stems, which, in most cases, w ere con-
fust d and i mntelhgible to the mass, will be
av( ded A plain system of accounts, so anxiously
desired by Mr. Jefferson, will be introduced, and
ths object of the Constitution fulfilled m reqmiinj,
a nat' i">'\ n, from time to time, of the a< count
curieoi ' 1 the Treasuiy The great body ot tax-
pavers will see an 1 understand the whole opfiation
of Ihe Treasurj
The strict inhibition against emplojin:  "iny por-
tion of the revenue in trade or bus ni_ss, vu'i iemove
every inducement lo e\ceisue taxit on, a super-
fluity of levepue be'ond the economical v^ants of
the Government, w 11 neither be desned bv Con-
gress or permitted bv the peop'e The tiaiKfer of
revenue, in ro «ay connected wi'h trade or com-
merce, fr^in points oi eoileel "i ,o places oi
expenditure, can pro'h'cp no lnconvetu^no ,
shook, or revuNinn \ro c'-irge em w th ms-
tice be preferred, that the financial op«rpt ons
ol the Gov eminent have interrupted business, para-
Ijzedcommeice, and destroyed credit "Vo c'pssoi
citizens or section of the United States, can com-
GLOBE. ___________          409
H. of Reps.
plain of partiality in the benefits to be derived from
the use of the revenue, whilst all are alike excluded
from any such favors. All unjust discriminations
in the local currency, all improper interference in
its regulation, will be avoided; and the States, with-
out impediment or assistance, may proceed m its re-
formation, according to their own sense of duty and
policy. The strict adherence of the Government m
all its money transactions to the common standard,
will furnish both the measure of value and the ex-
ample of enforcing it, which the Constitution in-
tended, and will be more persuasive to the States to
conform to it, than any direct attempt to control
and regulate their diverse currency. Finally, the
organization and managemant of the Treasury, ac-
cording to the Constitution, will be to exercise and
vindicate the right and capacity of the people of the
States respectively to govern themselves, and to
emancipate their Federal Government from bank
thraldom.
INCREASE OF THE ARMV.
REMARKS OF  MR. YELL,
Of Akkansas
In the House of Representatives, June 20. 1838—On
the bill to increase the military establishment of
the United States.
Mr. YELL said, he should not now have trou-
bled the House; but from the peculiar position he
occupied as a representative from Arkansas, his
duty to those whom it was his honor to represent
here, forbade him to be silent, and rendered it his
imperative duty to urge upon the House the duty,
under existing circumstances, to increase the regu-
lar army, to some extent. He would say with his
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] who had just
taken his teat, that he was as much opposed to an
oveigrown standing army as that gentleman, or
any other was, or could be. He believed that such
an army would not be found dangerous to the li-
berties of the people, and as soon as he apprehended
such a result in regard to the armv of the United
Slates, he should oppose its increase with what hitle
ability he possessed, but until then, he saw no im-
propriety, but, on the contrary, great necessity, for
so far increasing it as to provide for the protection
of the country The gentleman had asked the
House why should we increase the army' In re-
ply, I will recall his recollection to the eommence-
mentoftbewar n Florida. Every one knew that at
the time it broke out no one apprehended the least
danger of an Indian war in that quarter. The
signs of w ar were not more ominous, nor as much
so then as now on the whole Western frontier.
Tnere was but one ivan slain, that was Wiley
Thompson, the Indian agent, jet m a few months
thf> whole line of boundary m that quarter was m
the flames of open war Had v. e had a compe-
tent military force upon the ground at that day,
there would not have been the necessity of calling
out militia and volunteers lo the tune of forty-three
thousand men. The volunteers from Kentucky,
Tennessee, and Alabama, might have remained in
peace at tl eir homes, and the nation would have
been sav ed the vtfiole expense. Tnere is now an
tbvinus cause ot wa' on the frontier, and the re-
ports from that quarter all agreed m statmg the
probability that it would happen The officeis
fiom whom tins lnteHigence was received were ae-
'irted by no secret design to increase the army, as
the gent'eman had suggested, nor would theii- own
rank be raised bv its success if they had. They
ueie men far above so base a conspiracy , and have
given only their viev s as they were bound to do.
Ger.eial Arbuclde and Colonel Vose, and others,
all state that the Indians m their vicinity weie en-
g=ised in preparations tor war, as w,!l be seen by
i erence to a document fiom the War Departmep 
i te v davs -ínir Won 1 this House lefuse to
credit the stateraeats of such uien, officially made
"o the Depaitmenfí Tae Hou e wou'd understand
ni i as confimig his iemarks entirely to the West-
ern frontier. He spoke fcr the benefit of his own
people The gentleman fiom Misso in was abun
dandy able to look after his own constituents
Mr Y said he had voted to strike out the Senate
bill, and i  favor ot   the substitute movíd by the
