414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jun«, 1838.
25th Cono---2nd Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Toucey.
H. of Reps.
settled, every contract is changed, and every hu-
man being in the land is visited With injustice, fraud,
and robbery, under the forms of Jaw. It is the
most stupendous iniquity which can be practiced,
and prevail in a civilized community, without in-
volving it at once in all the horrors of insurrection
and bloodshed.
Such a calamity, so extensive, and all-pervading,
cannot exist without a plain, palpable, adequate
cause. What is it? If the Government has done
the mischief, if the agents of the people have
brought it upon, us, let them be held responsible
for it, and let the indignation of the whole country
pursue them to the uttermost. But if, on the other
hand, it has been brought upon us by the agents of
another power, which has sprung up as it were by
stealth, and grown upon us unawares, into perfect
organization, and the most gigantic dimensions;
which has a foothold in every part of this broad
land, already riseshigher than the Republic, can mas-
ter the Government itself,and dictate law to the States
and the people—the law of necessity which must
be obeyed—if this great overshadowing, organized,
moneyed power exists among us, and has brought
this calamity upon the country by its own irregu-
larities or abuses, then, sir, let us hold it responsible
for the mischief, acquit the Government of the
charge, and let us provide guarantees for the future.
What was the cause of this calamity—the
cause of causes; the cause of the many conspiring
agencies, which contributed to produce it ? What
was the true, real, radical, vital cause, from which
this mighty mischief sprung into existence?
Will any one deny that the immediate, efficient
cause was the undue expansion of the currency by
an excess oí paper money ? The fact is most cer-
tain; established by indubitable evidence, and ac-
knowledged on all sides; that the actual currency of
this country, at the commencement of the past
year, was incomparably greater than at any for-
mer period. In the year 1830, the whole currency
of bank paper was but sixty-one millions; in the
beginning of 1837, it was one hundred and fifty
millions, and was estimated by some of very high,
authority, to be one hundred and eighty-five mil-
lions. Thus the actual currency of the country,
in that short period, suddenly, violently, in subver-
sion of every principle of political science, of every
maxim of political wisdom, had been augmented
nearly threefold.
What was the mnmovUbh consequence of this
incredible augmentation of the currency? For, al-
though the results of a very considerable expansion
may be overcome, without producing overwhelm-
ing calamities, yet, when it proceeds beyond cer-
tain bounds, an earthquake or a tempest is not less
under the dominion of man, or its effects less ine-
vitable or less disastrous. A great enlargement oí
the currency, beyond all due bounds, is necessarily
followed always by a great and rapid increase of
prices, (without an increase of value,) an irrepres-
sible spirit of trade and speculation, an inundation
of foreign goods, an accumulation of foreign debt,
a heavy dram of specie, aviolent pressure upon the
banks; and when the drain of specie is so great,
and so long continued, that the banks are unable to
meet it with the specie fund which they have on
hand, why, of course, every body knows they mu-st
suspend their payments, that is, in gold and silver,
the only currency which will go abroad.
This expansion of the paper currency, this in-
crease of prices, this spirit of speculation, this flood
of foreign goods, this foreign debt, this heavy
drain of specie, and this pressure upon the banks,
and their suspension, we have witnessed in regular
succession; the over-banking, over-trading, and
excessive speculation have passed under the eyes
of every one; and the deplorable consequences,
the prostration of credit, of business, and of the
banking institutions of the country, so severely
felt in the embarrassments and bankruptcies of so
many thousands—I had almost said millions—and
the curse of so many depreciated, inconvertible
paper currencies, will not soon be forgotten by the
men of the present generation.
Who were the authors of this mischief ? Who
put forth this excess of paper money ? Who pro-
duced this expansion of the currency by this excess
oi Paper money  and thus becatae responsible for
the consequences"which necessarily ensued ? Was
it the batiks, or was it the Federal Government?
Was it the banks, which have been clothed, by
the several States, with the high sovereign power
of furnishing the entire paper currency of the
country; or was it the Federal Government, which
neither has, nor exercises, any such power ? By
what arts of sophistry shall the responsibility be
transferred from the exclusive authors of paper
money, who have issued it in boundless excess, to
others, who have issued none, but have striven to
increase the currency of hard money 1
The answer is given by the banks: We have
done it; toe have put forth such an excess of paper
currency that we have not been able to redeem it;
but you have destroyed the great regulator by
which we were checked; you have refused to re-
charter a National Bank, by which we should have
been restrained from these excesses; and we have
run riot, and you are responsible.
The advocates of a National Bank have always
insisted on its indispensable necessity, or, at least,
its great utility, as a regulator of the currency.
This is the great argument for such an institution,
urged by its friends, and they deem it unanswera-
ble and irresistible. From 1830 to 1836, we had
such a bank. What was its course? Did it regu-
late the currency? Did it hold the State banks in
check, and confine them within, proper limits?
Did it prevent, or even impede, the enormous ex-
pansion of the currency, which has proved so
disastrous? Far from it. On the contrary, it was
precisely the worst conducted institution in the
country, the most irregular in its action, the great-
est disturber of the currency, the most vicious in
its influence, the most powerful for evil, and most
mmediately and directly efficient in producing "the
present disasters. Let facts speak, let history
speak; let the records of the Bank tell its own tale.
In 1830, its issues were fifteen millions and its
loans forty millions; in May, 1832, during the
struggle for the succession to the Presidency of that
year, it had increased its issues to twenty-six mil-
lions, and its loans to seventy millions. In this
then unprecedented career of expansion it was, of
course, followed by the whole train of .State banks.
Suddenly taking an opposite direction, it forced the
whole army of State banks to contract; and in No-
vember, 1834, its issues were down to .fifteen mil-
lions and its loans to forty-five millions^ Suddenly
again veering about, it set off with redoubled speed
and vigor in a still wilder and more disastrous career
of expansion; and on the 1st of July, 1835, in the
brief period of eight months, it had expanded its
issues from fifteen to twenty-five millions, and its
loans from forty-five to sixty-five millions; and, if
the State banks were guilty of an equal expansion,
that memorable period of eight months deluged the
country with more than fifty millions of currency,
and more than one hundred millions of bank loans,
beyond what existed at the commencement of it.
It was impossible that this sudden and vast in-
crease of the surrency (to pass over that of 1832)
should not have broken up the settled course of all
business, disturbed the prices of all property, and
roused and maddened the spirit of speculation, al-
ready rife, to tenfold fierceness. We find, there-
fore, that immediately after the Bank of the Uni-
ted States, then acting under a charter granted by
Congress, began this expansion, immediately after
the termination of the ever-memorable session of
panic and consternation, the sales of the public
lands began to increase, and rose to five millions
in the very year 1834, to fifteen millions in 1835,
and to twenty-five millions in 1836. At the same
time our imports began to increase, and rose to
one hundred and twenty-six millions in 1834, to
one hundred and fifty millions in 1835, and to one
hundred and ninety millions in 1836. At the same
time, so profitable wad the business of banking, and
so great was the employment of banks,that bank cap-
ital increased from two hundred millions, in 1834,
to two hundred and thirty-one millions in 1835,
to two hundred and fifty-one millions in 1836, and
to three hundred and twenty-three millions in 1837.
From 1834 to 1837, bank capital increased more
than one hundred and twenty millions, bank loans
more than two hundred and fifty millions, and the
surplus in the Treasury rose to forty  millions.
The Bank of the United States, the boasted regu-
lator of the currency, the vaunted controller of the
State banks, was the first to start off in this mad
career of expansion, of over-bankmg, over trading,
and exorbitant speculation, and pushed on at the
tep of its speed, under whip and spur, followed by
the rest in close.pursuit, until the whole troop, ex-
hausted, fell prostrate, and all who were borne
along by them were brought to the dust. Such
was the forlorn and wretched "condition of the cur-
rency (inflated, false, and hollow, ready to explode
at the slightest shock,) which the Bank of the Uni-
ted States bequeathed to the country as the fruits
of twenty years' salutary influence and beneficent
operation!
Such was the action of the banks. Furnishing
the entire paper currency of the country, they in-
creased it to such an extent, under the lead of the
Bank of the United States, that its immense expan-
sion produced, 1st, a great and rapid advance of
prices, with its usual concomitant, an exorbitant
spirit of trade and speculation; 2d, a vast influx of
foreign goods, with its usual attendant, an immense
foreign debt; 3d, a heavy drain of gold and silver,
and a tremendous pressure upon the banks, (which
were out at sea, upon the top of the highest billow,
with every sail unfurled;) and, lastly, a disruption
and separation of the metallic and paper curren-
cies. This is the ordinary and natural course of
things. The uncontrollable laws of trade require
it. It could not be otherwise, where the expansion
had been enormous, and had long operated, with
little to resist its powerful agency. The laws of
trade must be repealed, and the course of human af-
fairs must be entirely reversed, or the light of ex-
perience will always, and every where, disclose
such results.
These enormous expansions, followed of course
by corresponding contractions, are the great prac-
tical evils of the American banking system, whose
radical vice if, that this propensity to periodical
expansions is the law of its nature, under its exist-
ing organization. It would be difficult to devise
a system, which would have a more powerful and
necessary tendency in that direction. The inte-
rests of the banks and the interests of those who
deal with them, the large dividends on the one
side, and the large accommodations and ample pro-
fits on the other, combine perpetually to produce
these expansions and explosions of the currency,
íhe profits of banking, and the profits of trade and
speculation, go hand in hand, increasing together,
and by the same operations. Most men want
money, because it can be profitably employed.
The banks can manufacture it to any extent, and
send it forth in any quantities, because they are
not in truth called upon to redeem it. There is
absolutely no demand for the precious metals, no
necessity of redeeming their paper, no necessity of
keeping any sum beyond the merest pittance of
gold and silver in their vaults, while the expansion
is in progress, and of course the bubble may be
blown indefinitely. At last, in the midst of the
most largely extended business, and the most
highly excited hopes, an adverse balance of trade,
a foreign movement upon American securities,
calh for the gold and silver in the banks, and the
whole scene is changed in an instant; the bubble
bursts, and ruin and desolation stalk through the
land, claiming half the community for their
victims!
Having thus stated the direct and obvious cause
of the present derangement of the currency and
business of the country, it becomes an inquiry of
the gravest import, whether any remedy can be
applied, which, though it may not entirely remove,
may yet greatly repress, and hold in check, this
vicious propensity of our moneyed institutions, and
how far the Government has ministered, or can
minister, by its operations, to the same important
object; important alike to those institutions, to all
who are particularly interested in them, and to the
whole community.
Passing over the great question of the constitu-
tional authority of Congress to create a National
Bank, the concentration of so much power m tñe
hands of one man, the establishment of a virtual
menarchy in the moneyed world, the danger mm-
tened by it  the interests of the country, aaa tne
