416
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¡25th Cong--"2vd Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Toucey.
June, 1838.
H. of Reps,
celerated a little the final winding up, which could
not have failed to be worse, the longer it was de 
iayed. At all events, it did not increase the ex-
pansion, it did not increase the amount of foreign
or domestic debt; it did not inflame the universal
madness, which seemed to reign triumphant it , all
classes of adventurous men; it did Check, in some
measure, the career of mftinate speculation, and
arrest, m pait, the progress of those evils which
veit then threatening the business and curiency
o  the country with ovei throw
Í say then, sir, that die Bank of the United
States, chartered by Congiess, in conjunction with
the State banks, brought upon the country the ca-
lamity under which we are now suffering, while
the po'icy of the Governtnenihas been directed to our
permanent relief from similai calamities in all lime
to come. And it is notorious 'hat the same Bank,
under the same control, conducted by the same
band, but acting under a chartei granted by a sin-
gle State, has taken the principal lead m prevent-
ing an early return to a better staiC of things, and
i? now the chief obstacle in the way.
Such has been the policy of the Administration,
such has bepn its course. Is there any thing in the
present condition of the country which should in-
duce it to change its ground'' Í have already ob-
served that this policy has been paitia'Iy and tem-
porarily airested The circulation of small bills,
under the authority ot certain Slates, was at war
with this policy, the immense expansion of the
banks, by which the paper money was incieased so
much more rapidl} than the precious metals, was
still more at war with it> and the suspension of
specie payments has crowned with partial success
the efforts of the Opposition to thwart this policy
of the General Government, and of those Slate
Governments which have co-operated with it.
11 is to this suspension of payments, on the part
of the banks, that we are almost entirely indebted
lor this temporary defeat. This is the only reason
why the metallic currency has disappeared, and
why the country is overrun with depreciated
paper. Let the banks resume, and the evil is at
an end. It is their duty to do so. It is equally
their legal and their moral duty to resume their
payments, to perform their promi es, to comply
with their solemn and deliberate engagements
The depreciated currencies which afflict the coun-
try are theirs. The metallic currency is the only
true, legal, and constitutional standard. The paper
currencies are below it. It is the absolute duty of
the banks, under the laws and constitutions of the
country, to maintain them at the point of equality ,
and that can only be done by instantaneous con-
vertibility at'the will of the holder. Until that is
done, until the banks perform their promises, until
they abide by their engagements, the depreciation
must continue, the paper is not as it is designed to
be, the representative of gold and silver, and hard
money must necessarily be expelled from use, as
we all know it cannot circulate side by side with
a degraded currency. It is this suspension of
specie payments, therefore, whieh is the cause ol
there being two currencies, if that may be called a
currency, which is driven out of use by depreciated
paper. Let the paper be raised to the value of
gold and silver, by being convertible at will, and
the depreciation would cease in a moment; the
specie currency would be instantly restored, and
the whole mass of evil annihilated. Whose fault,
then, I ask, is it, that the banks fail to perform
their moral and legal obligations, and preserve
their currencies at par? Is it the fault of the Go-
vernment, or their own'
The banks were invested with this high power of
putting forth their currencies upon the fundamental
condition—that they should at all times be equiva-
lent to gold and silver, by being convertible at the
will of the holder. The whole mass of their cur-
rencies, amounting but recently to $150,000,000,
was received by the people of this country upon
this indispensable condition. The faith of the
banks was pledged to it The engagement was
impressed in broad and legible characters upon
every parcel of the mighty mass. And yet, sir,
this engagement was broken; this faith was for-
feited; this fundamental condition was violated; the
whole mass was degraded; the people were de-
frauded to the extent of the depreciation, fifteen
millions of dollars were taken from their pockets
just as truly as if exacted at the poirit of the bayo-
net, with this most aggiavatmg circumstance, that
it was accomplii.hed by delusion, without the
ability to resist, as they could hate done had there
been open force, and now, when the banks have
arreoted the whole specie currency, and depreciated
the whole pajier ctirtency, by their failure to per-
foim their legal obligations, they or their exclusive
friends turn round and charge the evil upon the
Government of the people, and denounce the Go-
vernment for adhering to a currency of ¡jold and
silver, for not abandoning it at once and adopting
their depreciated paper money m its place' And
this great and terrible evil, existing in defiance of
all law, so demoralizing in its character, so destruc-
tive m its effects upon the community,'s the chosen
means by which its authors and atettors aie te
ride into power over the necks of a suffering people.
Sir, I do not say this for the purpose of exciting
hostility against any man or any set of mea. But
when the charge is made agamsf a Government
elected by the people, and founded upen their will,
that they have given two currencies to the country,
gold and silver for the office-holders', and degraded
paper money for the people, when the unjust and
groundless charge is made and reiterated, day after
day, by the very authols of the mischief, against
the Government itself, merely because it will not
relapse into the depreciated currency of the banks,
truth and justice require that the charge should be
exposed m all its nakedness, to the contempt which
it justly merits.
I say again, sir, let the banks resume, and the
evil is at an end. Already have they begun with-
out a National Bank, and with an Independent
Treasury. Already are we upon the eve of a
gtneral resumption. It must take place The
people of this country are too intelligent to submit
much longer to the present state of things Let
the banks do their duty, and the whole evil is an-
nihilated. In the first place, the derangement of
the paper currency will cease. If their bills are
redeemed at all times promptly with gold and silver;
if they are truly convertible at will, if they are m
fact equivalent to the precious metals, as they pro-
fess to be, at the place where issued, the paper
currency is no longer degraded nor deranged. In
the second place, the specie currency, no longer
banished by degraded paper, will re-appear when-
ever and wherever it is called for, and the im-
mense sum, approaching one hundred millions of
dollars, already m the country, no longGr locked
up, will come into sight and into use, as the wants
or the wishes of the community shall require. In
the third place, the exchanges will be instantly re-
gulated by the laws of trade, as they 'hould be,
and not by the wit or the devices of man.
Sir, no human regulations, no board of control,
no device of man can repress the excesses of trade,
save only the necessity of liquidating unfavorable
balances, when they reach a certain point, m gold
and silver. Any expedient to evade this necessity
only aggravates the evil The time of payment
will come, and if there are no products of the
earth, or of labor, wherewith to make pay-
ment, the precious metals must be transferred.
It is of the utmost importance to the stability of
trade, to the soundness of credit, for the suppres-
sion or prevention of over-trading and undue spe-
culation, that these balances between different
countries, or different parts of the same country,
should be promptly and freely adjusted by the laws
of trade. The great instrument is the precious
metals, acting upon the currency, and when the
local currency is equivalent to them, is promptly
convertible into them without loss or discount, so
that they can easily be obtained for it, without
a large item of depreciation to be charged
mto the account, the exchanges will then be
precisely what they ought to be—equal where
they ought to be equal, unequal where they ought
to be unequal, adjusted by the Jaws of trade in
exact conformity with the pnnoip'1- of eternal jus-
tice, and the true mteiests of the ie,pective commu-
nities. A suspension of the laws of trade is just as
pernicious as a suspension of the laws of gravita-
tion, by which the ocean is kept near its level, and
within its bounds. Let the northern merchant,
who has funds deposited m a bank far to the South
or West, which has suspended specie payments,
remember, that the laws of trade are suspended as
to him, and that to the loss which ordinarily he
must sustain m transferring his funds home, not
exceeding the freight and insurance en specie, hi
must now add the depreciation of a degraded in-
convertible paper currency Finally, the resump-
tion of payments by the banks will be simultaneous
with the revival of the business of this great, rich,
powerful, and prosperous country Its progress is
onward and onward. It may be depressed for a
brief space; but us recuperative energy is too
mighty to be subjected for a long time to the sinis-
ter designs of those, if there be such, who would
make its distresses a source of pecuniary profit, or
of political power.
This Government is net hostile to the banks It
adopts no measure, it lecommends no measure, it
pursues no line of policy, in conceived hostility to
the , its position is that of non-intervention, lis
policy that of non-interference, in their concerns,
but to withdraw itself from them, for its own secu-
rity and independence, and to leave them to the
policy of the States, respectively, which created
them* and alone can control them. They are con-
fessedly within the reserved powers of the States,
and there we leave them. On the other hand, this
Government has a high duty to perform within its
sphere. It has the sole power to com and regulate
the only motley recognised by the Constitution and
laws> which is not only a power, but a trust also 
It is it? high duty to maintain, by its own opera-
tions, the just prevalence of this hard money, this
sole standard of value, this immense balance wheel,
by which alone the motions of that great and tre-
mendous machine, the paper money currency, may
be so cheeked and regulated that it shall not, by
its own self-accelerating velocity, ran to destruc-
tion Federal power and State power, each har-
moniously acting within its proper sphere, and each
exerting its appropriate influence, will together
work out the greatest possible results of happiness
and prosperity to be achieved by legislation.
I have thus far, sir, endeavored to show that the
true cause of the present disorders m the currency
was its expansion, by an excess of paper money;
that the Bank of the United States was a principal
agent m producing it, and would never be an ef-
fectual check upon that tendency of the system;
that the policy of the Administration has been to
increase the amount of gold and silver m the coun-
try, both m the banks and in circulation among the
people, and by ultimately collecting its revenue
principally in its own coin, to create a demand up-
on the specie in the vaults of banks, which will in-
sure an ample supply, and check the tendency of
the banks to these pernicious expansions; that this
policy has not failed, but is only temporarily de-
feated by the suspension of specie payments, and
that it is the duty of the banks immediately to per-
form their engagements, which will at once restore
the metallic currency, bring up the degraded paper
currencies to an equality with it, and put an end to
the existing disorders.
I new proceed to state some further reasonswhy
the connection between the banks and the Govern-
ment ought not to be restored, and why an inde-
pendent constitutional Treasury ought to be es-
tablished.
The recent connection of the Government with
the banks, furnished a practical illustration of its
dangerous tendency m reference, to these very ex-
pansions, which all now admit fought to be repress-
ed. We have at the very ou ¿et the most astound-
ing fact, that it actually ga^xj forty millions to the
banks in augmentation of their active capital, at
the very moment when they ought to have re-
stricted their operations
This connection has & necessary tendency to pro-
duce trlfss expansions at all times, to foster over-
banking, over-tradm g, and exorbitant speculation m
every emergency: and especially when other causes
co-operate with it.
Our revenue is derived principally from two
sources, the customs and the sales of the public
lands. When, from any cause, prices begin te ad-
vance, and the spirit of speculation is abroad^ t is
