June, 1838.         ________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                              4*7
25th Cong--"2nd Sbss.
obvious our revenue from both these sources will
be greatly augmented. This excess goes immedi-
ately into the banks to swell the public deposites
there, to be loaned out again to swell the ready
means of an over-trading community, and the pro-
fits of the over-trading banks. By this process, the
very money, which is drawn into the public Trea-
sury for public purposes, and.shoutd be held there,
and would then constitute a check upon this ten-
dency to extravagance and excess, instead of being
a check, becomes a stimulus to excessive action,
and reproduces itself in rapid succession, inflames
the growing disorder, and swells the tide to the ut-
most height. The connection gives a bounty to
the banks to push on the community in the mad
career; and this stimulating bounty increases, ex-
actly as the evil and the danger and the necessity
of repression increase. So, when the period of con-
traction and embarrassment commences, the with-
drawal of this fund, always inevitable in such case, |
increases the embarrassment and aggravates the ¡
distress, piecisely when the greatest indulgence
should be granted.
On the other hand, the establishment of an Inde-
pendent Treasury, and the withholding of its con-
tents from the uses of trade, would constitute a
a great and powerful check upon any excess in
trade, banking, and speculation, at its inception,
and in every stage of its progress. This excess
augments rapidly the excess in the Treasury,
which is withdrawn ana withheld from the uses of
the commercial community; and thus the check be-
comes constantly more powerful, as the evil in-
creases, until finally it is subdued and overcome.
And if this surplus, thus flowing into the Treasury,
should ultimately, by the policy of this Govern-
ment, consist principally of the precious metals,
it would be difficult to estimate the power and in-
fluence of this check, to prevent those expansions,
which the commercial world has long dreaded as
the werst of all possible evils.
This union of bank and State will always have
a tendency to foster an undue growth of the bank-
ing interest. It gives it undue importance. It
draws into it an excess of capital. It gives it a de
gree of confidence, which it does not merit from its
intrinsic strength and prudent management, which
are the just foundation of ail just confidence. It
inspires in the public mind a false aud delusive
confidence, which is felt principally in the season
of prosperity, but vanishes in the hour of trial.
This old system of Bank and Slate connection,
and trading upon the public treasure, is most per-
nicious to the manufacturing interest. It is, virtu-
ally, as to them, a partial repeal of the tariff of
protective duties. It causes, as- I have already
shown, an inflation of the currency, and of cnurse
an inflation of prices. Thus the prices of all the
elements of our manufactures are increased,
of labor, of stock, machinery, building*, land.
The foreign article is made at a lower standard of
prices, and whether we go into the foreign or home
market, we meet a foreign competition at disad-
vantage. The higher price, which may for a time
be obtained at home, will be no indemnity. It will
be but a bounty to the foreign manufacturer, who
makes his article at lower prices, comes in for the
higher paper prices, and carries home ultimately
the precious metals. The effect is obvious. The
temporary high, inflated price, produces a compe-
tition of new works springing up at home, and an
influx of goods from abroad, until the business is
rained. Or probably, more suddenly, the contrac-
tion comes, when ail their works, new and old, ure
of course at a stand, many of them never to start
agaifi, without new owners. It requires no proof
that a specie duty, or an equivalent to specie duty,
is the most effective for proteciion; and that a set-
tled and siabie course of things is infinitely pre-
ferable to one that is unstableand unsettled, for any
of the great, solid, and permanent interests of the
country.
I pass, sir, from high considerations of political
economy and national policy, to higher questions
of constitutional law and propriety, which pre-
eminently belong to this subject. It is quite appa-
rent that the use of banks as fiscal agents, and of
bank paper as Federal currency, is a policy of a
suicidal character, at least in on« point of view, on
Independent Treasury—Mr. Toucey.
the part of this Government. It has a tendency to
thwart the exercise of the high constitutional power
of coining money, and to defeat the ends for which
that power was conferred. It has a most powerful
tendency to expel from use aud from the country
the very currency of gold and silver, which it is the
duty of this Government to make and to maintain.
It leads to its neglect, to its disuse, to its banish-
ment. It destroys the standard of. value, and in-
troduces a false one, silently, invisibly, unheeded
by all, until the public attention is forced to the
wide-spread mischief, and the pernicious effects,
growing out of an unchecked, fraudulent paper
currency, and the unsettling of the standard of all
value, are felt universally by all classes of the com-
munity.
It was, beyond alldoubt,the design of the framers
of the Federal Constitution, and of the people of
the States in adopting it, that there should be truly
and really a Federal Treasury, where the public
money should be kept. "Congress shall have
power to coin money, regulate the value thereof,
and of foreign eoin;" and " to provide for the
punishment of counterfeiting the securities and
current coin of the United States." "No State
shall coin money; trait bills of credit; make any-
thing but gold andNsilver coin a tender m payment
of debts." " No money shall be drawn from the
Treasury but in consequence of appropriations
made by law; and a regular statement and account
of the receipts and expenditures of all public money
shall be published from time to time." These
clauses in the Constitution do not leave it open to
doubt or question that it is the will of the
people of the United States, as expressed in
the Constitution of their Government, that there
shall be, in deed and in truth, not evasively,
or in name merely, a public Treasury; that
the pcbmc money shall be kept there; that no
State shall coin money; that Congress alone >hail
have that power; that no money shall be drawn
from the Treasury, but in consequence of appro-
priations made by law. Let these provisions of the
Constitution be carried into effect honestly and faith-
fully, and it is impossible that the public money
should be in the Treasury and out of the Treasury
at the same moment of time; should be in. the
Treasury, and at the same time loaned out, even to
the most meritorious class of borrowers; should be
in the Treasury, and at the same time, by the will
of private individuals or private corporations, with-
out the default of any public officer aud without an
"appropriation made by law, be scu'ered, broad-
cast, over the wide circumference of this land!
It was most obviously the design of the Consti-
tution that the public money, drawn from the
pockets of the people in any manner, for the con-
stitutional purposes, of this Government, should be
applied exclusively to those purposes. The appli-
cation of it to other purposes is clearly a misappli-
cation of the public money, a-i abuse cf the pow-
ers of the Government, a concession of advantages
to one interest not granted to others, to one set of
men at the evpense of the who!?. It is manifestly
against the true spirit of the Constitution that the
public monpy, the common property of all, put
into the common treasury by all, for certain speci-
fied purposes v. Inch are for the common benefit of
all, should, instead of being devoted exclusively to
those purpose?, be made use of for different
objects, for private profit and private ac-
commodation. It strikes the mind at once as an
anomaly; as an irregularity; as an abuse crept in;
as a species of favoritism; as an act of injustice to
the whole community; as a practice, whieh need
only be brought to public view to receive the ver- *
diet of condemnation. And when we reflect that
we have too much rather than too little capital em-
ployed in that manner, that the aggregate of our
bank capital is in fact already swollen beyond all
reasonable bounds, and that the public money, when
thus illegitimately diverted from its proper object,
goes only to increase those expansions, which in
volve the whole so often in one common ruin, it
becomes a matter of the utmost astonishment that
this irregular and extraordinary practice should
receive the least countenance or support from any
quarter.
Equally   anomalous,   irregular,   extraordinary,
H. of Reps.
and contrary to the design of the Constitution is it,
that*the powers of this Government, which are es-
sential to its daily operations, should not be exer-
cised by its own officers, but commífteo1 to private
hands, to rhe agents of private corporations, to The
officers of these private bodies, selected by íbera
and responsible to them, and not responsible to the
Government or the people?   Why is ;l?   Cannot
the people trust themselves with th   management
of their own affairs?   Are their agents, selected by
them, dependent upon them, and responsible to
them, for that very reason unworthy of trust, and
to be thrust aside to make way for the officers of
banks, for the agents of moneyed men, not chosen
by the people, not dependent upon the people, and
not responsible to the people, but exempt entirely
from their control'!   No man in this country dare
hold this, I had almost said unconstitutional, lan-
guage; and yet every man  who advocates a re-
union of Bank and State, and  a surrender of the
public money into  the hands of the banks a3 the
best public Treasury, does hold this language in
the most  emphatic manner, by his course, which
speaks louder than words.    Public officers are the
agents of the people, the necessary instruments by
which their will is executed;  and yet they are de-
nounced, while the agents of private moneyed cor-_
porations are worthy of all trust!
This position, that the people of the several
States of this Union, in framing a Constitution,
and setting up a Government of limited and speci-
fic powers, designed that the Executive powers,
conferred upon the new Government, should be
exercised by its own officers, would seem to be so
reasonable and so plain as to require neither argu-
ment nor .illustration to enforce it. And yet, it is
now insisted, that the custody of the whole public
treasure shall be taken away from the officers of
this Government, andshall be conferred.not upon-any
officers of the several States, butuponofficersoflocal
corporations:—that the vaults of these corporations
shall, by fiction of law, be constituted the Treasury
of the Federal Government; that the treasuries of
these corporations and the Treasury of the Union
shall be commingled and blended into one!
The consequences of this departure from the
plain and simple theory of the Constitution, are in
the last- degree deplorable. We have no public
Treasury, except by fiction of Jaw. We have no
public money, except on paper, and as-a mere
matter of account. The Government becomes a
mere creditor of the banks, and absolutely depen-
dent upon them for all its fiscal operations. The
whole public treasure, as fast as it is collected by
taxation, or from any other source, is surrendered
te them, is put out of the control of the Govern-
ment; and the millions which had been drawn
from the people for great public purposes, and
had been placed, in form at least, in the
public Treasury, to be forthcoming in the.
hour of neeá, by the least concert among the
banks vanish in a moment! No law, no power
of this Government, can control them. They are
not amenable as, public officers. They may
be sued in the civil courts. In the mean time,
public faith is broken; public engagements are vio-
lated; the honor of the country is trampled under
foot. The Government, enthely dependent upon
commercial vicissitudes, and upon the concerted
action of a few private individuals, may at any
time, either in peace or war, be defeated in, those
measures, which are essential to the prosperity or
the safety of the country. In the most important
or perilous crisis, its powers may be paralyzed, or
its strength broken, by the collusion of an extremely
small number of men. Such would be the degrad-
ed and imbecile condition, the base, humiliating
dependance of the Government of a great and
powerful people; created to execute their sove-
reign will in all matters confided to it, yet utterly
impotent of itself to execute the most essential pur-
poses for which it was called into existence.
I will now reply to the two principal objections
which have been urgsd against the system of with-
holding the public money from the use of local
corporations or private individuals, and appo-nting
public officers to keep and guard the pnblic Trea-
sury, and will then relieve the House from any
farther trespass by me «pon their attention.
37
