[X TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________June, 1838,
GLOBE._________June, 1838.
H. of Reps.
418______________
25th ConG""S2nd Ses«.
It is objected that the public money is not so se-
cure in the hands of public officers as it is in the
custody of banks. This objection is probably for-
ever set at rest by the facts disclosed in the report
of a committee of this House at the present session,
showing that the average lo s upon the public
money in the custody of banks, has been three-
eighths of one per cent; while the loss upon the
public money in the hands of public officers, has
been but one-tenth of one per cent. Pact, there-
fore, is at war with the theory of objectors But
the experience of the last few months, the sudden
stoppage of the banks, the sudden reduction of the
Treasury to bankruptcy with its millions in their
possession, merely from their inability to comply
with their engagements, furnish a decisive and tri-
umphant reply to this objection.
The other objection, which we hear from the op-
ponents of this measure on whichsoever side we
turn, is that the Executive patronage of this Go-
vernment will be increased.
This objection, did it exist m truth, would not
be entitled to any very great weight. If there are
certain duties properly appertaining to this Govern-
ment, and necessary to be performed by it, 't is
not a very solid objection, that the appointment of
the agents necessary to discharge those duties will
involve some patronage. It is nc sufficient reason
why those agents should be altogether dispensed
with, and those duties shuffled off upon the officers
of private corporations.
No Government can abdicate its duties, because
patronage is involved m the performance of them.
This would put an end to all government. There
is, however, no danger from this source, while the
Executive power is kept within the proper sphere
of appropriate duty. The danger is when it goes
beyond ihoie limit*, and assumes to itself new pow-
ers by doubtful constructions. The necessary pa-
tronage incident to the exercise of the undoubted
powers conferred by the Constitution for great
public ends, is not to be feared by an intelligent
and independent people
But, sir, the objection does not exist at all, ex-
cept in heated or distempered imaginations. It is
not a process of accumulating power and influence
in the hands of the Federal Government, to dis-
solve us alliance with ¡he power and influence of
the banking system.
I cannot but express my astonishment, that it
shoul I e/er have entered into the mmd of any man,
that the dissolution of the alliance between the
Federal Government and the Banking Power of
the country would be attended with any actual
augmentation of the influence of the Federal Exe-
cutive, The question must be viewed under two
predicamtnts; whenathis moneyed p wer¡is, by party
allBtmenti, placed m the attitude of Opposition to
the AdministratioH, and when, on the other hand,
it is identified with those who sustain the Adminis-
tiation. In the first aspect, every one will see
there is less danger fiom the restoration of this
connection But even m that view the influence
which the Executive would acquire, by its control
ovsr the banks, would far exceed all that could be
exercised by the appointment of a few additional
Treasury officers The pub1 ic money has alwajs
been collected and disbursed by public officers Be-
tween the collection and the disbursement, though
deposited in banks, it is still at all tunes, and must
be, under the con'rol of public officers, that is, if
the banks are faithful to their trust. Can any one
doubt then, which would confer greater influence,
the appointment of a few, a very few officers, ren-
dered necessary by the disuse of the banks, or a
Governmental alliance with these banks, when even
in the hands of those opposed to the Adminis-
tiation?
But, sn, it is m the other aspect of this question,
\\ hen ^hose who have possession of this Govern-
ment are the political allies of this great Banning
Power, that a union between them, established by
law, assumes the most formidable character. Then,
indeed, would this country have reason to dread
an alliance between the patronage of this central
Government, and the patronage of this great mo-
neyed interest, which penetrates into every Sute in
this Union; which, one year ago, embraced eight
hundred and twenty-three banks, three  hundred
Ti easu y Building—Mr. Keirn.
and iweniy-three millions of permanent capital,
one hundred and fifty millions of circulating mt-
dium, and more than five hundred millions of loans
in the hands of its thousands and myriads of de-
pendent debtors, which holds the foreign and do-
mestic trade of the country and the business of
every class throughout these States in strong sub-
jection to its will, which has power to sub-
due to its purposes, and to absolute depen-
dence upon it, the commercial, manufacturing,
and all other inteiests; and, by its control over
them, and its influence through them, in the
great cities, and at the principal commercial
points, to subsidize and wield that most powerful
of all political engines, the pubhe press. It is
when this central Government combines its own
rightful patronage, by legal union, and political
identity, with the immensely larger and more fear-
ful patronage of this vast moneyed power, that the
people of this country will find it no easy matter
to check the tendeney to consolidation, to change
their rulers, or preseive their liberties.
It is, sir, from this view of the subject that I am
anxious that the Fedeial Government should be
separated from the banking power of the countrj,
, that this immense interest, peihaps a'readv too
powerful to be resisted or controlled, should, in i's
organized form, be withdrawn from the political
arena, and that the great mass of the business of
the country dependent upon it should no longer be
involved m those party struggles, which are msepa
rabie from the enjoyment of liberty. It is not for
the interest of the banks that one-half of the com-
munity snould be perpetually arrayed against them,
it is not for the quiet of the citizen that his private
pursuits should be for ever implicated in the un-
ceasing conflicts'of party strife; it is not for the
happiness, the tranquillity, the prosperity of the
country, the vigorous growth, the felicitous work-
ing of our institutions, that all the private business
and interests of men should be embroiled, from
year's end to y ear's end, by the selfish ambition of
partisan leaders, in those schemes and agitations
which are destined to convulse this country, as
long as any combination of men and money shall
entrench itself in any position, and strive to give
law to the American people.
It is from reasons growing out of this view of
the subject, from an apprehension of too great a
concentration of power and influence in this central
Government, from a deep conviction of imminent
danger that this Government with all its patronage
may fall permanently into union with this vast
organized moneyed power beyond the hope of re-
demtion, from a desire to minister to no perni-
cious commercial expansions, to apply the public
Treasure exclusively to public purposes, to exer-
cise the powers of this Government by its own re-
sponMble officers, to render the public Treasury in-
dependent of the vicissitudes of trade and of the
interested combinations of private corporations, and
to carry into effect the plain intent of tie Consti-
tution, that I am anxious that this separation of the
Government from the banks should be maintained;
and that the great measure of an independent, con-
stitutional Treasury, should triumph now and here-
after, for the present, and for future generations.
I will not pursue the subject further. We are
engaged in a mighty contest with this vast money-
ed power The war now rages over the public
treasure, with more violence than that of
Greece an I Troy over the body of Palroclus Shall
the people hold it, or shall the moneyed power
hold it? Shall it be guarded by the agents of the
people, or by the «genis of this moneyed power'
Shall it be held by the people exclusively, for their
own pubhc uses, or shall it be held by this moneyed
power Joi its own private uses also' It is a contest
for the essential principle of Republican Govern-
ment, against all-graspmg avarice and thirst for
power m a few. It involves essentially the same
arguments whieh have been often urged, and often
refuted, that the people are not competent
to govern themselves, and take care of their
own affairs by their own agents, but that
they need the kindly assistance of a few, in
whose hands they will be safer, and their affairs
better managed than in their own. The bold and
fearless—thoise who have confidence m. their fellow
men—those who have no fears of the power of the
nvitntude—will rally in defence of the principle of
Republican liberty. Tnose who are haunted by
imaginary teirsrs, who have no trust in their race;
who have no faith in the intelligence and virtue of
the mass; who see nothing but turn in the largest
liberty and the power of the many, will take their
wonted refuge in the power of properly. We
plant ourselves upon this broad basis of universal
liberty and equality—the capacity of the people to go-
vei n themselves, to take care of their own affairs, and
to exercise all the powers of Government, safely and
happily, by their own chosen, dependent, and responsi-
ble agen's, and ¡f we are not ahle to stand upon this
rock of adamant, which bears up our country's in-
stuutions and the hopes of liberty throughout the
world, tnen, sir, I say, for one, let us fall, but truth
and reason, and Jhe cause of freedom and huma-
nity, must fall with as.
REMOVAL OF THE TEEASIjRY BUILDING
SPEECH OF MR.  KEIM,
Of Pfnnsylvania,
In House of Repieseniatives, June —,  1638—The
House having gone into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pope, of Ken-
tucky, m the chair) took up for consideration the
following bill:
A BILL providing foi the removal of the wails of the Treasu
ry building, and foi the erection of a file pioof bulhlmg lor
ihe Post Office Department
Be it enacted, <yc That .the President Qf the United States
be, and he hereby is, authorized lo cause the unfinished walls
of the Tieasury building, now m the process of construction, to
be taken down, and the materials to be removed and applied to
the construction ofafire-proof budding of such dimensions and
upon such plan of anangement as may be required for the use
and accommodation of the Post Office Department, on the vife
of the Post OnVe building recently destioyed by fire, and, for
this pui pose, thai he be authorised to employ a skillul aichl
tect to prepaie and submit to him the necessary plans for the
proret construction of such buiiiUng, having regard to the use
of the materials aloresaid, which, being approved by him shall
be conlormed to in the erection of the suucuue And the said
aichit=ct ma> be continued m the si peimtendence of the con
structionofthebuiUhng or another employed in that seivice,
as the Piesident mayjudge best
Sfc 2 And be itjurthei enacted, That, foi the erection
of the building authorized by the first section of this act, m ad
ditiontothe materials to be removed and applied theieto, as
therein mentioned, there b , and hereby is, appropriated, the
sum of one hundied and filty thousand dolíais, out of any mo
ney in the Tieasury not otherwise appropi rated by law.
Mr. KEIM addressed the committee in substance
as follows:
Mr. Chairman: An apology is due in the outset
to this committee, for an attempt to solicit their at-
tention upon a subject of comparatively so little
interest to them. Indeed, it seems as if every mind
was already determined to acquiesce m the unani-
mous report of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Public Giounds, without any further reflection.
A proper sense of duty, however, prompts to a
moment's forbearance on the part of the Ilous-e, to
ascertain whether, really and earnestly, it is pro-
posed to carry into effect the most singular requisi-
tions of this b'll, and estab'ish a precedent so ano-
malous and extraordinary in its character.
If it be tedious to perplex with remarks, the only
cons laiion i«, that he country may not deem them
ill-timed, or irrelevant, particularly when a large
amount of expenditure is involved, which, at least,
some think should not be allowed, wilhsut good
and substantial reasons. At the present eventful
period, when all the vanous sotiices of industry
are paralized, when commerce and trade are de-
pressed by financial agitation, and when we are
told that the Government has not revenue suffi-
cient to meet the necessaty appropriations, a propo-
sition is piesented to destroy a building now being
piogicssed in, at an admitted loss of §80,000, but
which w ill be found greatly to exceed that amount,
and perhaps consume not only Ihe money already
appropriated, but also the additional sum proposed
ly the bill, being in the aggregate, $247,648 29
actually expended, with §100,000 remaining on
hand, and $150,000 in the bill itself. la the gene-
ral confidence reposed in the committee who pre-
sented this bill, there were none, who, for an in-
stant, supposed, that m a subject of mere taste,
economy and judgment, party bias could have the
least influence or tendency to govern their conduct.
In this respect, every one who has. marked th«"j>ro-
