June, 1838.       ______ APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                419
25th Cong-«"2nd Sess.
gress of the debate, will agree in the conclusion,
that a laten' propensity is appaient throughout to
confer odium upon, the past and present Adminis-
tration Indeed, with all the smooth denials of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Livcoln,]
his indirect and apologetic language for the state
of th.ngs, was the first inducement to invite my at-
tention.
The remarks, too, of my colleague, [Mr Ser-
geant,] that the new Treasury building originated
a new figure of speech, for instead of falling it was
rising lo ruins, induced me to ascertain whether this
hyperbole was not rather what some desired to pro-
mote than obviate. If I remember aright, th?t re-
mark was also coupled with the expression, that it
seemed at least as if some "expert in demonology"
had been identified with it Such sentiments from
such a source astonished me, knowing as I did that
the late President was closely identified With the
Ian of construction, and that he was not in the
abit of building on a very slender founda-
tion On reflecting, however, that the doc-
trine of " the end justifies the means was
very popular with a certain party, thp argu-
ment was tpken in its proper sense, and placed
at the account of those destructives who would de-
stroy even a well-constructed edifice, so that some
impediment might be cast into the way of the Ex-
ecutive officers of the Government
II occurred to me, also, that, as ruin and desola-
tion was part of the panic machinery by which the
whole country had been visited, the phantasma-
goria had reached this city to destroy the Treasury
building. But when, for mjself, I visited the
doomed structure, so "light and flimsy," with all
the trepidation that caut on could bespeak, what
was my surprise to find those castles m tne air firm
and stable as the granite of my nat ve hills, and
rising m all the simp'e grindeur that human «kill
could accomplish, the evil spirit was no where to
be tound but m the assertion ibelf, and the good
genius of the Hermitage seemed still to protect it
from the ruthless hand of the infatuated spoiler.
The new Treasury building is being constructed,
under the authority of the fifth section of the act ef
July 4, 183G, which is in tfee following words
^ec 5 And be itfwither enacted, That the Piesidcntofthe
Tnited States be and he heteby is authorized to cause to be
erected, on or near the site ef the lortner Tressmy budding, or
on any other public ot wli <Ai ha ma) '■elect a fire pioofbu Id
mg of «such ^intensions as rna> be required for the piesent and
future accommodation  of the Treasmv Department,upon such
plan, and oí soch ma día , as he may dee l mo tadvantage
ous, and that, foi this purpose, there be appiopnated out of
any money m the Treasury not o herwise approp latetl, the
sum of one hundred thousand dollars
This act is very explicit and easily understood,
nor has any man the right to go beyond it for the
purpose of objections as to the indisposition of the
President, or as to the want of ability of those he
consulted. It Has the law under which General
Jackson acted, and if it is at all to mean what it
says, the site is plainly selected on or near the
former building, the size for ¿nesent and future ac-
commodations is. fully defined, and the material
left at his option as to its advantageous selection
In conformity with the pon er to cause it to be elected,
he «elected Robert Mills as architect in the follow-
ing words
Under tne act of f onizress, authorizing tht -President of the
TTm ed States to cause a f casury Bulldm" and 1'atent 0!Iice fo
be elected I hereby designate the Ccmmissionei oí the Pub it
Undoings 10 supei intend gereraily thede ailed modmcalionsot
plan f r ten the advertising and forma 2 of the con 1 if s,
md the whole disbursements theieon and to table htm ti
keep tlip accounts in tke the Liyineols, and ptepaie vouchers
i ir spttl men , tnd conduct the other i onesponl nee íei-v n
itérelo J au hor /e him to employ a clerk at no o\ei S990 a
veil to he paid equally on* oí the arp opua ions fo-s->¡d >b
jec I ii rthti L] \ unit Ro ji.rt Mills as architect to air7 in
t n mti z the plars nakn <r piooei change  there n f om time to
time, an 1 tear!? to the election of aid buildings in sub tantial
coi'-irmitv to the p ans h-neby adopted wh th aie m their
general out inestobe astothe Pieasury iiillldlng tha annexed
by sa d Mil! —a id as to the Patent Of ice, that annexed b} Mi
E'liot, thefoimei building to be eieced on the old site and
the latter one on the «quale north of the PostOflice
ANDREW JACKSON
Washington City, July 6,1836
Immediately aftei the appointment of Mr.
Mills, whose chaiacter m every respect has been
fully established from the tune of Mr. Jefferson to
the present, he applied to the Secretary of the
'fieasury 10 ascer am what number of rooms
wou'd be necessary for the immediale wants of
the Department, and received the following state-
ment
Treasury Building—Mr. Meim.
Treasury Department proper will require 21 rooms
First Comptroller        -           -                  8     "
First Auditor -           -           -                  8     "
Treasmer       -           -           -           -     5     "
Register          -           -           -           -    12     "
Land Office     -           -           -           -    36    "
90 rooms.
Several plans were submitted to the President the
one receding from the ¡tne of the street, and the
other facing more immediately upon the line of the
street, this latter plan was adopted by him, and
presents a perfectly simple structure, containing a
centre bui'dmg, and wings to the north and south
connected with it, and contemplating, also, at some
future period, tne completion of two other build-
ings, corresponding in dimensions, and parallel _
with the centre, at the extremities of the wings          ¡
The centre building and wings were calculate
to contain 1ÚS rooms, which, in the language of
the Secretary of the Treasury, "would leave a
surplus of 18 rooms, or 6 in each wing, and 6 in
the centre " Agreeably to these prelimmanes, the
following order was made by General Jackson, to
which he affixed his signature "Lett^e foundation
be laid accordingly, for centre, and north and south
wing."   This is dated Jul} 8,1836.
Thus, every incident has been done strictly in
conformity to law; and here I would bo under-
stood, even now, as disapproving the plan adopted,
on the score of economy alone, although it is in
keeping with other public edifices in this city. A
cheaper and more comfortable plan could have
been projee'ed, to have been erected of bucks, in-
stead of freestone, and without a colonnade. The
question now is, not whether we remove this build-
ing,tnat has airead) cost so much, for a cheaper, but
tor a Piore extravagant one to be built of marble.
I re'er yoj to report, page 9, wmch savs
' ^houlu the walls h*. lemevcj an 1 the mateuals applied to
the construction oí a Post Office bmldins a new iiictarefor
the 'lieaauiy nn^ht b erected near the same location with
some change of position and upon a plan be ter adapted to the
site, or a new location might be selected, which would admit of
an edifice upon an ( niarged design, to embrace the required ac
commodations for all the Departments Whenever this shall i>e
done, the committee oa-nnot but earne&tly advi«e to the substitu
tion of marble or granite, on ttie exterior walls, for the pel nous
and destructible sandstone, which can only be protected, by
the fiequent app ication of paint, from defacement and decay,
under the^rdtnar} action of the atmosphere and climate "
Sir, of two evil  I prefer the lesser, with a per-
fect knowledge of the tact that if the committee had
evinced the same nursmg anx ety last session that
now seems to inpel 'hem, eiery real objection
could ha-se been eis ly accommodated to suit the
mrst captious of their number, but, as the delay has
been so piotracted, it is ungenerous now that Con-
gress should be importuned with if. Although (he
character of Mr. Mills has ever stood beyond
reproach, it became necessary that it should be
doubted or suspected, not only professionally, but
morally As a reference to \iv- past services, Mr.
Mills designated several edifices which he had
planned, <md some of wnich he had constiucted
Amongst fhe«e the custom-house stores m Balti-
more were mentioned. A Mi John F Hoss, how-
ever, denied the fact m the follón mg letter
IHltiaíorf, Apul 11, 1*-X
To II"! 1 B t  Howakd
Rejected Fir  Iha%e taken ihe'ibertv of in  ulna on your
ti tip by askin  tli   fayoi of yen, to explain to the Pres de t 0
the united Sta es tn enor I ha.e seen in'Mr Robert Mi'l«
(alchltcctlreplv ro "Mi   lineun aRldieal hi ei s Ml   Thoma
X¡   Walter "id Ml   sJexaMltrPam    on thetnelBci no ifttie
str i-ture of the Treasury bu I'trer    Mr  Mills sais, n hi  ir     |
plv  "¡/?p custo/n house i'up in La'lvrwrp  note under en     ,
ht/ uUwn  dt^igiedbyme      « r ihis as emon ls-dtigpih
euoneous asi will pio\eto\ou    I\om    efirs daylwasem      I
ployedb; th" Oommi =loners Mes r>  ItsephWhite ami la ne      ¡
flow aid, apt om'edto hat e this house coi structed    On   u ei      ¡
mgon m\ duties tht first da}   tne Commissioners Uul befon
me a gem al pan an 1 othet sketches and pía s tie igned b\
Mr Mills engineer inlai^tiert and othei pia s desn* eri b\
Colonel Small,of llalumt ie   wi h mstiactions trat I   hou11 ex
amine those plans caiefully until t!iene\tda\ whenthev woul 1
meet  and I shou'd repoit t'  t! cm my opinion of the plan
whetkei theie was any tha  1 would recommer 1 at their meet
lag    I made an unfavorable 1 eport, not accep mg an\ of the
plans submitted fu my consideiation    I was then nstructetl b\
the Commissi! reís (0 make drawings and at as eatlv a peuod
as possible  mJ submit them 101 then consideration    On then
examining try piars they api roved of them    They sent the
plans to Washington for examination and thev were there ap
pioved, sentbick to the Commissioners, and T have built b>
them in this particular w a-\
Icannotsee h*w "ui Mill* can c'a n, in his reply to the re
port or toe comirl tee of th" House of Representatives that he
ill si uetl the plans of the custom housestoiein Haitim re             J
Sir, this assumption on the pait of Mr Mills I deem an injus    i
H. of Reps.
nee to me asa mechanic ami draugtusman, who can design his
own plans of edifices, and execute their construction afterwards
I wi 1 not trespass on your time, as I know it is all import
ant, but would beg ofyou the faior to lnforni the President and
the Committee on Public Buildings oí the grievances of which I
complain
Tour obedient and humble servant,
JOHifiF. HOSS
Fortunately the entries in the Auditor's offiee
present a confirmation of the truth, as per follow-
ing certificate
Treasury Department,
Amduor's Offiee, Sept 16, 1833
I heieby certify that 1 have examined and adjusted the ac
c unt between the united States and Robert Mills, and find that
the sum of two hundred and fifty dollars is due to him for de
si^ns specifications, and estimates for the custom house stores
purposed to be built at the southeast corner of Gay and Water
streets, ci'y of Baltimore, «fee
K., HARRISON, Auditor
And if Mr. Hoss can point oat any changes m
that plan, at least as to any new construction of
arches, he is bound to do so, and give b s reasons
wherefore
The veracity of Mr Mills, with his most ex-
emplary character, are loo well established m this
community to be impugned, nor was it at all to the
purpose that he should be obnoxious to any other
than professional objection . The filthy slang oí
the bilingsgate school illy becomes any censors of
public taste, and our own infirmities thould induce
us not to investigate those of others, particularly
when so much ill would result to the comforts and
happiness of an interesting family.
I will now pay my respects more closely to the
report of the committee, at all events, as to the
leading testimony upon which they rely, and from
which we aie almost induced to believe that 11 were
cheaper to half complete a building, and remove it,
than to finish it on its original si'e. Predetermined
that the whole of the labor exerted should be obli-
terated, and the work commenced anew, a letter
was addres ed lo the Pres'denf, designating their
objections, distiu ting however, with feminine tinii-
dit},then own taste and judgment, and desiring
the "appointment of some distinguished and skilful
artist to give his opinion " The President assent-
ed to the employment of Thomas TJ. Walter for
the purposes specified, whose most sirgular ceirci-
dence witn all the committee had stated m their
letter, proves that, for once, science and skill con-
firmed the pieconceired prejudices of doubt and
mistrust. He was the principal person connected
with their observations, and the main dependence
of their determiflalions and conclusions. In the
Uuguage of their report, he is noticed as "Thomas
U. Walter, Esq. of Philadelphia, an architect of
great distinction, and superintendent of the con-
struction of the Girard College mthat city." Proud
as a Pennsjlvaman, of the metropolis of my native
State, it is neither iry province or inclination to
say aught against her enterprise or prosperity, on
the contiaiy, e\ery interest is very dear to me ihat
is in the least conducive to the welfare of the Key-
stone State, or any section of her, however great or
humble it may be Honest doubts, however, may
be entertained whether pf'er-time will accord the
encomiums those gentlemen so freely bestow
Stephen  GraiJ,  manner and merchant, if we
may judge  fioir hisgeneial regard foi econom},
and his an pathy to useless and unnecessary ex-
penditure, ne\ er projected, either m the spirit or the
letter, a building such  as 1=  that college     '1  e
s^id co lege shall be conslruc'ed wi h the met í'u
rabie materials, and «1 the mtst permanent man-
ner, avoiding all needless ornament, and  cUend n;,
chieflj to the streng'h, tomeniepce at. 1 real', ssoi
the whole," aie the wort's of the will    Has the 01
chitect borne ihem 111 mind?    W 1 wo refect too
that Girartt's whole life   *i  ( ha" icten/ed bj a a
humble and unosteniaiirusdt pt  tmei.t, a despisei ot
the affectation oi the great, and the influence afire
wealthy, a lover oí the poor and oppressed, a firm
supporlei of Republican simplic ty, it may well be
asked have the executors fulfiled their trust m ap-
proving that modei.    His intentions evidently weie
the promotion of m'elhgence, where it was most ne-
glecled, and his express desire looked upon the ex-
tent oí the chanty as limited only by the concen-
trated and well-managed investment of the utmost
farth'tig of his means   "For a long time iti>prc«sed
with the importance of educating the poor, and of
placing them by the early cultivation of their ra¡Dds¡
