420
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRKSSÍONAL GLOTÍÜ
June, 1838.
25ih Cong- "2nd S sb.
Treasury Building—-Mr, Keim.
\\. of Rer<«.
and the development of their moral principles, above
the many temptation!, to which, through poverty
and ignorance, they ar > exposed," he granted two
millions oi personal property, besides a large resi-
duary estate, for that purpose, and although the
most minuie description oí the manner oí construc-
tion, the material, and every essential incident is
expressly defined, not one syllable can be found
to justify the massive display of truncated pyra-
mids, or those marble columns, the cost ol whose
emablature alone would have brought personal
comfort and intelleciual blessings to numerous suf-
fering orphans—the o ily legitimate object of
magnificent expenditure and munificent c'ta-
nty under kts will The fact is also palpa-
ble, that ihe intention was to have " as many
poor white male orphans as the income would be
adequate to maintain, introduced into the college as
soon as possible, and from time to time, as there
may be vacancies, or as increased ability from in-
come mav warrant, others shall be introduced "
The expense of needless ornament alone would
support an additional school; but m the spirit oí
íashion, which too much govern  the world, the
architect seized upon the public propensity for ex-
ternal style and ornament, even at the risk and sa-
crifice of the iunds. Allow me to remark, that as
to the grievous delay in the building itself, that
may be attributed to the ptesident oí the college,
but who, in other respects, it he has any t otonety
at all, is certainty a man of Utters.
This benevo uice required prudence and caution
in its exercise, because it was not intended for one
district of the country only, but for many places.
P rst, to the city of Philadelphia, secondly, to other
parts of Pennsylvania, thirdly, to those born in the
city of New York, and lastly, to the city of New
Orleans, "that it may not be perverted," he says,
" that if the said city shall knowingly and wilfully
violate any oí the conditions mentioned, then the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, or, in neglect
thereof, the United Slates of America, shall re-
ceive the remainder, and accumulations." It seems,
then, that others are interested in the proper ma-
nagement of the bequest, besides the cily of Phila-
delphia, and it becomes a primary duty that it
should be controlled in the itnctest economy and
good faith, lest the Legislature of Pennsylvania be
invoked, for the purpose ol scrutiny, and to assume
the exercise of that benign power of visitation
which pertains to her, so that the good intended
may be as widely extended as possible, according
to the request of the liberal and bemficent testator.
Thus, whatever character the builder or architect
may have acquired, it is at least susceptible of
peat doubt whether, when the lemth and breadth
oí t'ie ground plan is defined by will, when the ut-
most caution is urged, to avoid unnecessary du-
pla) , both ordinations are sacrificed to an improper
ostentation, leaving at ¡east the imputation that
however beautiful and slnctly in good taste may be
the design in the abstract, it is, in this particular,
an open and plain violation of the last will and tes-
tament ot Stephen Girard.
do much, by way of digression, as to the skill of
?.ii. Walters, and the independent and faithful
manner m which he exercises it.
We have now Mi. Mills and Mr. Walter, the
very Ajax and Hector of this modern seize. Armed
to the teeth, and ready for the onset, Walter sounds
a r< und of mus'co-architectura! dialectics, Mills
responds bj a problem in dynamics; Waiter makes
a thru t at a>i opening m the stereotomy, and Mills
parries it wth his abundant eegis of esthetics,
Tfuice louud the v, II> to rumor tnsate,
C untendnig heroes "ought a glorious grave
The committee, lcokmg upon this commotion,
glean from it a variety of conclusions, under no
less than four distinct heads, all of which are great-
ly aided by imag'native theory, in contradistinction
■with ratioral experience and successful practice.
'1 That the location of the Trensury buildmgon Fifteenth
street, in thepiecise position given to it, is injudicious and high
iy objectionable "
Tms is a mere matter of opinion, and not de-
monstrable, for what may seem most offensive to
some, may m turn become highly agreeable to
others, and whose opinion shall be the correct cr.-
teriun  Certainly the judgment must be suspected
where the will is predetermined and the resu't pre-
dicted.   They say farther:
' It is obvious that the giade of the btieetcan never he con
foirr-e ' to the baie of the building It must continue afti i any
reduction, consistent with the ¡east prauicab'e ascent to the
eveí ot thelnitr ettmg street^, to pre-.ei t ilong tne line ol the
bail in g, an u cl lied plane, and thus esh bitt > the eye ¡lie awk
waid appearance ol a continuous colonnade, at an Coequal
I  eight from the elevation oí th~ contiguous loot wa> The
proximity of the b Hiding to the street will likewise prt i udc
ai y other mode ol entrance to the platform  ol the col tnriade,
II tn by nai row and diminun ely Ui^pioporno. ale steps plat ed
peipendcula to the bast, and opposite to the centre, and vn
der w/ticfc,also, musí bethe trtrance way to the liontcon doi
in the basement The extension iO n mbcr ol step ai the
end* must nec<ssaiily be unequal, in pi ipotu in to the difei
ence in eicvalion ot the ipp i i e -\irt mes noni theeatth it-
sides by the position an 1 eMent o Pe Inn dim iftneuoik be
earned to i s c implen in on the p xbc i o an rhe oriunal tie
Mgn of the arrangeme it of the s tet-ts anil cquaies oí Pie c ty
will be pteiud.cially invad d, the view ftom V sticet souih,
will he entirely shutout and the principal object  of u'ric
tlon and regaid the Capí ol and the PtesnVnt'i. House will be
concealed, each irorn the other so as mi u allv to imptir the
beauty and giandeur of the p o«pect from h ith H w lai
these and similar considerations aie e tilled ui legud, will uc
for Congress, upon admonition ol the effect which is about to
be produced, to decide "
It is exactly the siteof Ihe old Treasury building,
and appropriations are now pending to lay acul-
vert in that street, which will undoubtedly allow
the inclination to be brought more upon a line
with the base of the building. As to the prox-
imity to the street, and the objection to the
use of side steps, the formei was located accord-
ing to law, and the latter would be found lo be
stnctlv in accordance with ancient science and skill.
The Artemisinm at Ephesus, the work of Jjinc-
crates, whose majestic fancy proposed to change
Mount«Athos into the form of a statue, will exactly
confirm the method by which these steps are placed.
The Louvre, so renowned as being the production
of twenty monarchs arid eight centuries, and which
defies the world in competition with it, is open to
one admitted defect, and that is the breaking of the
line of colonnade by (he pediment in the centre.
The last idea of objection, the hiding the Presi-
dent's house from the view of the Capitol, is, to
the political aspirant, a vital reason why ihe impe-
diment should be removed, to that he may 'ee the
wished for haven. In every other respect, it is
entirely unworthy of a moment's notice.
"II The erection of the new building upon its present sue
and plan of construction mu°t unavoidably produce theiemo
val and destruction of the building now otcuj led by the ^ ate
Department J
It never entered into the caVulatron of any one
that the old Slate Department should be removed,
nor is at all necessary to the accommodation ol t le
plan that it should be immediately removed. The
ends of the new building, to use the phrase of a
gentleman from Ohio, may be " chunked, scutched
down, and daubed," so as to be made comfortable
without touching a single stone of the old building.
"HI The plan and interior arrangements of the new build
mg are manifestly ck ective, neithei adapted to the object of us
constructlod, nor adiri ung the necessary accommodations for
the present wants of tne Dcpaitment '
The Secretary of the Treasuiy on the 8th ot
July, 1836, submitted a communication to the Presi-
dent in which ninety rooms only were required,
by some singular obliviousness the Secretary may
have forgotten that document, but it is now before
me, signed by him, and approved by the President
It is absolutely necessary that some attention should
be exerted to prevent the discrepancies that occui
in that Department. It would be a novelty to fear
down all that has b?en done in two years, bec-iux ,
forsooth, in the interim, the want'of the Department
had increased The wo of the rooms was ¡¿ken
from those now in use in the Slate Department,
and their area served as data to regulate the di-
mensions of thp new building. There will be room
enough and light enough, notwithstanding the nar-
rowness ot the passage, which Mr. Wallers con-
siders a delect without a remedy. The great oirn-
culty with me, is to know how the committee can
want light on this «ubjec!; they are not so bemghlsd
as to avoid the due investigation of the effect tf
the dirtct rays of light m ¡his Hall. Has not the
whole study of intelligent gentlemen for yeais en-
deavored to ameliorate the effect of those rays, and
render them secondary' Was not that an in iuce-
metit to change every position m this House?
When then the experience of things is rgawst the
committee, the objection itself should ee coasidered
as untenable.
The last great source of anxiety and care is pre-
sented by the committee m one general maraña ha,
as if some tornado were wasting ib force in sjpxv-
jng around it every impediment in its course.   But
let me, without delay, proceed to the last count in
this indict mt-nt.
IV The construction of the walls of the building is im
petfeü mat tifictal, and deficuiu of t ¡erepiuite ¿i? engthfor
ü"eu eanddurab istriictuie"
They oay ' 1 he pimctpa! defects under this head of the sub-
ject, may be re nlved into the want, ol mftcient thickness to
tne v.M-, and a pioper bond ol connec ion between the Wot ks
composing the autai an! ihe com e-= of the asblai This will be
b ttei undersioo 1 by tie iollowitg exiract irom the rtpottof
Mr Walter My dcci'edo| imo i,( iyslit,)in re.etence to tho
subject, is, thai all tne otlts>de walls ate entirely too thin and
t 11 ivealc foi  o 1 ugc a vaulied building as the one in question
Ih^eewaUe houl have bven at lea1... three and ¡i half feet
thick exclusive ol the an t (orillaseis as thevaie common
Iy called,) instead ol «inch, tney die only two feel three 11 ches '
Aftei ireatm^oi tS.e mode tn wlncht1 e walls i>hould haveb>en
cons íucied, a!ludm<* to the delects ol ihe work, he suborns,
Ln ier ejtN nig cuctim^tance , il e vth lo bond of ihe ashlar is
cct oil, ironi the bono n to the top 01 the building, on each side
ol every one of the awte wh ¡e the an a, themselves offer tittle
01 no je^istance to lateiaf piessuie, bciig ci inposed of laige
atones "el on the end ot each other, without a single cramp or
rte to hold them to the ashlar, oi a dourtl to keep them in th ir
places' Again he rtmaiks, th-it 'the strergth which would
hat e been deuved Aom the&e antte, had they been constructed
according to the pi maples ol stereotomy, is not only lost by the
manner m which they have been built, but the walls, which
would have been too weak without the-n, are actually íendered
weaker by their introduction ' In refeience to the effectupon
the stability of the building by the mode of arching which has
been adopted, Mr Walter expreses the opm on that this pían
ol dichingcan nevet be executed with saiety to ihe build ng
Tnf arches in the loud sto y Mould probably stand, proiided
that the centres at e lept under them until lie v. alts receive
the supej incumbent wag/it of tae structure but ike fate of
the uppei arches, if evecufed upon the same plan, is eer-
torn Mr Pamc cettifies his coucutiente in die descuptton
given by Mi \valtei of the character and con truction oftii8
work and gives it as his decided opinion, that the walls of the
bui ding aie not sufficiently strong to sus ain the lateral pres
oure, ifthe irehes are to be continued above tfie present height "
If ever the climax of hypothesis was indulged
in, this is it. Not satisfied with anticipating evils,
they unhesitatingly, and without qualification, pre-
dict " that the fate oí the building is certain.
The building itself, however, exhibits a palpable
contradiction of the assertion of Mr Walter,
whose posmve language is, " that this plan of
arching can nevei be executed with safetj," that
the arches in the lower story would probably stand,
provided that the centres are kept under them,
until the walls receive the superincumbent weight
of the structure. Now let any member of this
House for himself, visit the premises as he should
do, to vote understanding^, and he will find the
very centres "struck" in both stories, and the
naked truth developed, that the prediction oí a fall
is too theoretical to be realized. The walls
stand firm and unmoved, without showing either
seltlement or crack, noiwithsianding they are open
to very severe weather at .ill points.
They are but three inches m the thickness of the
wall between safety and destruction, according to
the hair splitting calculations of the umpire ar-
chitect to lesist the thrust of the arches.
The continued experience of thirty year , as to
¡he durabmtj oí the arches of the Cat itol, con-
cur in the practice of Mr. Mills's const uction of
arches-, but he al o proves, from a valuable author
on the subject, that he strictly d< ub'es the strength
required, as by the annexed table.
Thickness or piers to grom arches of
the Bank of Tmlade phia
Thickness )f pitis 10 groin ..id es o.    £coo°
the custom houses in >.ev Lritriai d      ¡^ ^^^^
g g      I       ¡   11 le   1 ebs 11  pit i s   to  e 10       c 1 el! ^ ol |
Í3S     I     I     theme proof ornees, luna'ic asjlum     £<32£2
~ í      'l     and other arched bu Idmgs m  o ah
§-s>     i     I     Ctrmna
Thickness of piers to giom   ic! es to
Pa ent Oñte bul di tg
4 s «
K|~ £
Thickness of pitrs to gr<  n aidisis oi
Trtasury bu d ng
i 1 hickne5-" <M   mt , acu>rd>ng
í     to ii utcn -rid o hers io¡ a
Thickae&a of pier or wall, at
cording to Rondelet, for a
,- r*í ot "< oí
^t&t£>sO<D

^ CO cr- CC c^

C Ol O ■"* O
--íCÍH-f
- .-> Oí CI-<
Height or verged sine of arch
Diameter or cboi d ]me of arch
