June, 1838__________
25th Cong--"2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
Independent Treasury—Mr. Bynum.
H. of Reps.
By consulting Rondelet, we would find a propo-
sition demonstrated that there is in some construc-
tions of arches no lateral thrust, but their power is
exerted only vertically.
There is one evidence of a want of minute in-
vestigation on the part of Walter, in his inatten-
tion to an important material used in the building.
I allude to the cement which binds it together.
The cohesive qualities, compared to mortar, are
almost as two to one in its advantageous applica-
tion and use; and as the arches are of brick work,
and the power is i.i the ratio of the surface of the
joints, the strength of arches thus luted together
becomes almost as firm as adamant, and most as-
suredly should have received some notice on that
account.
I have no particular knowledge in the science of
architecture, but have considered it like sculpture
and painting—the expression of a refined imagina-
tion and pure taste, brought into shape and visi-
ble form by the skilful hand of an accomplished
and intelligent artist. What may be its early his-
tory, it is not my design to inquire. Whether it
originated in the infancy of the world, was che-
rished and promoted by the Egyptians, attained
perfection among the Greeks, declined among the
Romans, or was levived by modern Itaty, would
require more research than I am willing to bestow
upon it. I will venture one' suggestion, that, at
least, some effort should be made on our part to
be inventors, instead of followers of any system.
If science is progressive, so should the polite aits
keep pace ".villi them, and Arneii'm architecture
become anew school, in which might predominate,
as a characteristic feature, the p:ire:p!es of eco-
nomy, simplicity, and convenience. That archi-
tecture owed us birth to necessity, aud its embel-
lishments to luxury, is an admitted truth; and
bow far, as a national trait, the costly expenditures
upon public buddings assimilate to that age of
luxury should be fully inquired into by the econo-
mist.
Instead of miking this the counterfeit imitation
of "the Eternal City," would it not be conducive to
our better interest if the same simplicity were pre-
served which the spirit of our Constitution incul-
cates. We are taught to avoid all affectation of
superiority amongst ourselves, excepting only
where authority is defined, in order more faithfully
to preserve the general harmony of our political
structme. indeed, it is admitted to be strictly m
keeping with the nature of things, that an unassum-
ing and Republican people should be more the ad-
mirers of the useful than the extreme patrons of
the polite arts. Ours is a primitive, not a seconda-
ry, Government, to use a geological phrase to ex-
press its analogy with early times, associated to-
gether upon a perfect equality, having a common
interest, and pledged in a common defence of civil
and religious rights. Amongst us the gaudy trap-
pings of royalty find no throne to embellish; our
only ¡scep're is the law, and our only sovereign is
the people's will. Sine , then, it is congenial with
all our habits, let us compare our Government to a
plain,unadorned column, whose base is the people;
the shaft the Const,tutton; and the capital the laws.
Utdity is emphatically the American order, and
look «-here you may, it will be found to be conson-
ant with the feelings, a* it is compatible with Ame-
rican last. To look at the front ufthis stately pile,
one would suppose it was- the palace of a ki -g; but
if common custom is indicative of public senti-
ment, we have but to visit the rotundo, and we will
find it fully displayed. Theie may be seen a col-
lection of pictures and butter chums, cannons and
bus's, bisso relievos, and statues promiscuously
blended. This hall itself we titid reversed in us order,
and the main entrance entirely blockaded by the
gewgaws anil tapestry that hang around your
ch.tir Do we w,nit any other ex piessioti ofnational
taste than this? Utility, convenience, and com-
fort are, as th y ever should be., the only principles
of o «position with which we are acquainted.
Let then this otjett be considered hereafter,and in-
stead ofr.-ati'ig these extravagant structures for ex-
ternal show, let p1 lia, unostentatious and coinfort.t-
bh bplrt ¡if- ''itcfc «nil proper-poqmd«Mt¡gn,     fit
thi fiuvM ítiiUticá, muid tó m aU*tB&tiv  ¡eft, '
but to proceed; if we destroy if, it costs more money
than it will take to complete it.
There are, however, many other subjects to
which the committee might devote their attention,
without doing injury. Let them restore the origi-
nal earth, in preference to the micaceous pavement,
or remove the whirligig from the jet d'eau, indica-
ting the truth of a suggestion that taste is as curious
as it is inexplicable, or the monument itself, saw
hanging in our way, like the sign of a Chinese
chop-house, and by its contiguity with surrounding
objects, losing its intended effect. I wonld be the
last to obliterate any record of those brave men,
who, in the language of Madison, "fought until
humanity tore down the colors that valor had nailed
to the mast." Let it rather be removed to some
eminence upon which the eye of the ocean warrior
may linger, as he bids'adieu to his native shores.
It will inspire him with new ardor for noble
achievements, and promote the memory of those
noble spirits that slumber beneath it.
Motives of economy are always patriotic ; and
when we must know that the finances are out of
joint, that prudence should govern all our acts,
let every one reflect for himself, whether it would
not be better to allow the workmen now thrown
out to complete what is so nearly finished, instead
of indulging a mere depravity of taste in its immo-
lation.
The admitted cose thus far is $356,000, whilst
the computed loss in removing it would be §89,000,
but which, I believe, would far exceed that sum ;
and the amount asked to finish the " centre and
north and south wing" is an additional 100,000
dollars; so that the only question is, whether we
will involve in doubt, upon imaginary grounds alone,
the work as is now stands, or whether we will
incur a comparatively small expenditure, in order
to finish it as speedily as possible.
SPEECH OK MR. BYNUM,
Of North   Carolina,
In the  House   of Representatives, Jane, 1838—On
the bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, to reissue Treasury notes, not exceeding
in amount ten millions of dollars
Mr. BYNUM said he rose reluctantly, to enter
into the discussion of the subject then before the
House; and nothing could have induced him, at
that hour, to have trespassed upon its attention, but
the most singular, unwarrantable, and extraordi-
nary course that had been pursued by a number of
honorable members, in relation to the subject then
under consideration. He said this course to tvm
was must singular; it would have been more so un-
der any other Administration than the present, or
the one that had just preceded it. The character
that the debate had assumed, was uuquestionably
any other than that appropriately belonging to
it. The simple question before the House was
comprised within a nutshell. It was, whether this
House would consent to reissue a limited amount
of Treasury notes, to supply the vacuum occasion-
ed by the redemption of those now about being re-
turned, and which, by ihc present law, could not
ag.iin be put in circulation.
The question, it appeared to him, resolved itself
into the most simple propositions:
1.  Should we supply the deficiency in the reve-
nues by collecting the moneys due to (he Govern-
ment by compelling the banks, the merchants, and
Slates, to pay in their dues to the Government.
2.  To tun row the money from individuals, or
from foreign Governments.
3.  Or to reisspe the amount of Treasury notes,
as redeemed, not exceeding the amount often mil-
lions of dollars.
This, sir, is the sum and subs'ance of the propo-
sitions now before the House, which gentlemen of
the Opposition, with but short intervals, have con-
sumed lour days in th? discussion of. During
which time tney have dilated and brought befóte
the House, for political effect, no doubt, as it could
have had but little or no rela'ion to the present
subject, almost every act of ¡he present and past
Administrations, Had they confined themselves
io Uiesuhjdoi of the bill immediately before th*
Hous*, he would ebailesga and defy ail their
boasted talents and inventive facilities, to have
spun out an argument longer than twenty-five
miSittes upon the intrinsic merits or demerits of the
bill then before the House. No, sir: there is no
genius here, of the Administration or of the Oppo-
sition party, prolific enough -Whave consumed
more than twenty-five trámites in a discussion of
the legitimate merits of this bill; yet, sir, both
Europe and America, Asia and Africa, had beea
gene over in search of materials and comparisons
to aid in assaults by far-fetched and irrelevant
matter open this, and its preceding Administration.
Sir, the American people can but be astounded at
the exhibition- of the diminuthreness of the bill up-
on which such an explosion of Opposition oratory
has been let off to blind, to bewilder, and confuse
their common sense and practical understanding.
Mr. B. then called on the Clerk of the House to"
read the original bill; which was read by the Cleik,
as follows:
"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assent-
bled, That the Secretary of the Treasury,'"With the approbation
of the President of the United. States, .Is hereby authorized to
cause Treasury notes to be issued, according io the provi-
sions of an act entitled 'An act to authorize the issuing Treasu-
ry notes,' approved the twelfth day of October last, in place of
such notes as hate been, or may be, issued under the authority
of the act aforesaid, and which have been, or may herealter be,
paid into the Treasury and cancelled."
The bill was again-read by the insertion of the
following amendment, between the fifth and sixth
lines, after the Word'pro-visions: "and subject to all
the conditions, limitations, and restrictions.
Now, sir, said he, we have the whole bill as ori-
ginated and amended before us; its length, breadth,
and depth. Let us scrutinize it, examine it, con-
template and dissect it, and it must be seen that
human genius, however productive or reful-
gent, could consume but a little space in the discus-
sion of its pertinent and intrinsic merits. Sir, the
whole discussion has been a mere farce, or it has
been intended to effort ulterior objects. The course
that has been pursued by those opposed to the bill,
justifies this inevitable conclusion, to apply to whose
remaiks, it is more my object at present, than to
either vindicate or discuss the merits of the bill.
The very honorable gentlemen from Pennsyl-
vania- [Mr. Sergeant] and his honorable col-
league [Mr. Biddle] had embraced this oc-
casion to go into a general discussion of the merits
and policy—not, sir, of the bill before the House;
no, sir, but—of the merits and policy of this and of
the passed Republican Administration of President
Jackson, the policy of which they contend this Ad-
ministration was pledged to carry out. Sir, in
this, if in nothing else, they are * right: and may
God, in his infinite mercy, grant it success in the
faithful execution of the pledges that its members
have made to the hardy Democratic yeomanry,
and laboring, planting, and productive classes of
this country. Sir, it is all we ask to make this a
great, growing, prosperous, and a happy people,
But to faithfully execute this pledge, they and we
must be prepared to meet the bitterest denuncia-
tions, and to hear fulminated peals after peals of
anathemas against ¡hem, by those drones and their
immediate representatives, who live, arid fatten,
and luxuriate upon the industry and labor of others
Yes, we may bf> prepared to hear and witness too
all this, and those "who have not hearts stout
enoush to meet and brave them, let them now re-
tire from our ranks, as imbecile, unwerthy defen-
ders of liberty, ot law, and of right:
Mr. Speaker, there does appear Io me to have
been a peculiar delicacy involved in the discussion
of this subjret, in consequence of the very peculiar
relations which certain h norable gentlemen biar
towards some of the principal topics thai they have
thought proper to introduce into the débale. The
Bank of the Untied States and its character have
been introduced by the two honorable members
from Pennsylvania, and discussed,ánct defended at
hrge, accompanied with denunciations against all
others «-ho believed not in its infallibility. There
has been a time, sir, when modety has restrained
gentlemen from a forward expression of their opi?
nions on subjects in which they ivere most notori-
ously known to have been deenly interested, but
nut so now. Honorable pnilgmen shroltl not pre 
j| turn toomtieh upo  ti  ¡¡uamsibUtiy efjike Ham
