íúne, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
25th Covg •••2nd Sbss.
Treasury Treasury—Mr. Pickens,
H, of Reps.
which we are now proposing to connect the export-
ing region directly with the provision producing
country, are founded upon a natural reciprocity of
interest. It is the natural trade between the two
regions which is to support them. While they
are now struggling for existence, as it were, let not
gentlemen give this Government such a direction
as again to fall into the hands of that artificial class,
who, from their connection with its bounty ana
power heretofore, have been enabled to monopolize
the nett prolils of trade, and give it such direction
as their interest might dictate. If they do, it will
be fatal to the investments of capital which have
been made with us, under the calculation that we
were to have a fair and impartial opportunity to
control that portion of trade which God and nature
proclaim to be ours. I desire no aid or favor from
this Government. Only do that which is equal
and just to all.
In maintaining the position I do on this bill, I
consider myself as maintaining one branch of that
great free trade system with which it has been the
pride and the glory of my State to be identified.
Mr. Chairman; all that I ask is, that the Govern-
ment will collect its revenues and make its regular
disbursement in gold and silver, and thus pre-
serve for all parts a stable and fixed standard of
value, and leave every section, as it ought injustice
to be left, to rely upon its products for the prospe-
rity of all. Under such a system we could at least
have a free and a contented people This would
undoubtedly have considerable check and control
over the tendency to excess, which naturally exists
in an exclusive credit circulation. But, sir, it is
contended that this exaction wou'd produce ruin
throughout the land, that its effects would be to
destroy the whole banking system m any form
And it is perfectly astonishing to me,that the ima-
gination of any man could be so worked upon as
to produce such impressions. The bill propose 
that the «taction of gold and silver m payment of
public dues shall be "ery gradual; only one-sixth
of the whole revenue the first year, and in the
same ratio for six years. Then, suppose the re-
•venue to equal $24,000,000, the amount of specie
required will be four millions onlv the first year,
and eight millions the next year, &c. It mast al-
ways be remembered that, m these operations, the
disbursements will take place nearly as rapidly as
the collections. The ravenue may at least be di-
vided into quarterly receipts and quarterly pay-
ments. This would be at twenty-four millions an-
nually, $6,000,000 quarterly. Thus we would re-
quire the first year but one million in specie per
quarter, which wou'd, m all probability, be dis-
bursed by the end of the quarter, or nearly so, for,
in such a state of things, all interests in society
would be against any idle surplus, anda reduction
would immediately take place, and correspond with
what was absolutely necessary Collect m bank cir-
culation, and the reverse of this will be the case,
for any idle surplus collected by Government would
be equivalent to hoarding that much of their circu-
lation beyond business demands, and consequent-
ly, increasing their profits Collection m coin
throws the banking interest, together with the tax-
pajmg interest,against high revenues; while collec-
tion in paper circulation throws the bank interest
in favor of high revenues and Us attendant con-
sequences. Receive m bank paper, and the more
that is hoarded in surpluses the greater the pro-
fits. Suppose the revenue to average $24,000,000,
annually, and all finally collected in gold and sil-
ver, what then would be the operation'' Let it be
remembered, that this would not take place for
nearly seven \ ears, under the bul; and by that
time thing"! will have become settled, so that those
banks that are sound would feel no dread from its
operation. Let it not be supposed that this amount
would all be requued at one time. On the contra-
ry, all know how many debts may be paid by the
cnculation of a single hundred dollars. When the
hundred dollars have performed their circle through
the creditor and debtor interests of society, it is not
unreasonable to calculate that they have cancelled
debts at least to the amount of one thousand dol-
lars. So it would be in the collection and disburse-
ment of twenty-four millions by Government. One-
fourth would be a very large estimate to perform
this operation, and this would be $6,000,000. At
most, the Government could do no more than ac-
cumulate a sum equal to the permanent public
funds usually on hand, and not actually disbursed,
and this would scarcely ever exceed, at the highest
estimate, $8,000,000, except in extraordinary
cases of high surpluses, which, from what I have
said, never would be permitted to occur permanent-
ly, because all interests in society would be against
it, and none can be conceived of that would be for
it. Now let u  examine the effect of even
$8,000,000 m specie upon the banking operations
of the country. Mr. GallaUn, in 1834, together
with an able committee, calcu'ated the payments
in the banks of the cuy of New York alone to
amount to $5,000,000 per day, or near sixteen
hundred millions of dollars a year. He then esti-
mated the annual collection of revenue in that city
at $15,000,000, and the action of Government
could not extend beyond us receipt and disburse-
ment, or $30,000,000, annually, which would be
less than one fiftieth part of the whole.
Suppose, upon this basis of Mr. Gallatin, you
calculate the annual payments in Philadelphia at
$1,000,000,000, New Orleans at $600,000 000, and
the same for Boston and Baltimore, and $300,000,-
000 for Charleston, and so on through other cities
of the Union, and what, then, would be the propor-
tion that $8,000,000, or even $20,000,000, would
bear to those transactions'! Sir, it would literally
be as " a drop in the bucket, and dust in the
balance " This clamor which has been raised,
that the co Vction ot specie in public dues would
rum banks that were on a sound basis, is the shal-
lowest pretext that ever was manufactured to im-
pose upon a credulous and deluded country. But,
sir, I jo n„t choos  to re t this point upon any thing
that I may say alone I vv ill make some quota-
tions, whicn will be good authority, at least, with
those who seem to follow leaders that draw upon
" imagination for tacts," and rely upon vapid de-
clamation lor argument, First in the report to
which J have referred^Mr. Gallatin says
"The impossibility of attaining the objects (a metallic cur
rency,) through the action of the revenue alone, is palpable,
and results from the immense disproportion between the mass
of payments for the ordinary and cuuent business of the coun
try, and those which are affected by the Genenl Government
It has aheady been stated that the daily payments m the hanks
of this city (New York,) amounted to near five millions on the
1st of October, (lb33) and exceeded four millions on the 1st of
Februaiy last This includes neithtl the payment made in
each bank in its own notes or in checks fhawn upon it no~ any
portion of the retail business of the city, or of any of the otner
paymeuts made without the immediate agency ot the banks
The daily payments m this city alone, amount to at least five
millions of dolíais a dav or near sixteen hundred millions of
dollars a year The annual revenue collected m New York
cannoi-now exceed rifte<*n miliums of dolíais, and the act! m of
Government cannot extend beyond us leceipts and its disbuise
ments, that is to say, to more thun thirty millions, r r less 'han
one fiftieth part of the whole Allythat Government could do
would be to accumulate an amount'of specie cqu 1 to tht per
maaent public deoosiies It might at most, tstabl sh a «epar^ e
metallic currency for Government, bj compelí ng impoiters
and purchasers of public lauds to piy in specie and b} paving
Its cradltors m the same curientv But this metallic curiencv
would be used for that, and lor no othei puriose It could
have no contiol ovei the general cunency of the country, nor
pieventus depreciation or a general suspension of specie pay
ments It might onlv enable Govemmt nt, if such acatastrophe
should ensue, to preset ve, through the gtneral confusion the
public faith towards theciedi ors 01 the out) ic "We must aim
only ~t t\ hat is pr icticable atd the only latioial plan for the
present, must be, wi hnui excluding the j aper currency 'i le
str ct it within pioper Iibi s "*
He further says, m the same report, page 28
"But, Without discussing the cons uutional question it i«
impossible to suppose tnat the Got eminent of the Lmted Mates
is so constituted that it cannot perform lis most legi'im ite lunc
tions through its own officers and ascnts that even fot col ect
mg ith own levenue it is compellel to it. it to State irsti j
tlons Why not atouce recui to the Tie?bUieis 01 the st;\eia!
States, and make them stub Tieasmers 01 the I niied st utsi
So much for Mr Gallatin as authors I th.nk
he under-estimates the effects that vvculd be pro-
duced by the coi'ection of specie upon a vitiated
state of the paper currenev, (not lhat I be'ieve he
would entireiv r foim i\) but he is true as to the
harmlessness of its effects upon banks thit do busi-
ness upon a sound las.s
I will quote the authority of another \erv distin-
guished gentleman, to show that he did not consi-
der the collection of Government dues in gold and
silver as disastrous upon credit or banks. All re-
member the state of things m 1816, when the coun-
try had just come out of a war, and felt all the
* GallRt n's Union Ciranwee Repo't, 1834, pa;e 25 and £0
dreadful effects of a depreciated and excessive
paper currency. In reference to these points, this
distinguished gentleman, on the 28th Febiuary,
1816, said in this House- "The establishment of a
National Bank not being, m his opinion,, the proper
remedy, he proceeded to examine what was"
"The banks, he said, were making extravagaut
profits out of the present state of things, w«ich
ought to be curtailed." After illustrating this point,
he sajs. "With a receipt of forty millions a year, it
the Government was faithful to itself and to the mle-
rests^of the people, thev could control the evil, it
was their áuty to make the effort. They shoufd
have made it long ago, and they ought now to make
it. The evil grows every day worse by indulgence.
If Congress did not now make a stand, and stop the
current whilst they might, would they, when the
current grew stronger and stronger hereader,
do it? As to the evil of the present state of things,
he admitted it in its fullest extent If he was not
mistaken, there were some millions in the Treasu-
ry of paper, which were nearly worthless, and now
wholly useless to the Government, by which an ac-
tual loss of consider ble amount must certainly be
sustained by the Treasury Th's was an evil
which, he said, ought lo te met at once, because
it would grow greater by indulgence Inlbeentl,
the taxes must be paid in ile legal mon y of the coun-
try, and the sooner that was brought about the better.
Such was the operation of the present state of the
circulating medium, he proceeded to show, lhat the
duties laid by the United States were at a rate of
ten per cenl. higher m Boston than m Baltimore,
and in Baltimore higher than in Washington, &c.
If Congress were to pass forty statutes on the sub-
ject, he said, they would not mare the law more
conclusive than it was, that nothing should be re-
ceived in payment of duties to the Govrnmenl but spe-
cie, and yet no regard wps paid to the imperative
mjunciions of the law in this respect. The whole
sliength of the Goteram-nf, he was ofopin on, ought
to be putfmth to compel the payment of the duties and
taxes to the Govermnert m the legcl ewicncy of the
country " This, sir, was the language, and these
the opinions of Daniel Webster, than w^oni there
could be no higher authority uiih some gen'Iemcn
in this countr}. We see no woful prediction of
destruction to banks or credit at that time, by the
exaction of "specie" in public dues, even inough
it should amount U "forty millions of dollar  a
year" I will quote but one more authority, and
then I em done with this point for the present.
Another gentleman, on the 27th Februarj, 1810.
m the same debate, used this larguage
1 With regard to the present time, he said, he should be glad
to know Why the Tieasurv of the Trued Sti es had not now
the command of specif payments and the rale of exchange m
its own hands? Iíow ímicti better, H the Government had this
power as he helmed they had that they hnul i exercise l* to
compel the resumption o'   pecie pa\ ments '
This was the opinion of the expenenced gentle-
man [Mr Seroeant] who now so ablv represents
a portion of Philadelphia upon this floor
Mr Chairman, I have quoted these authorities
with no other view than to show thpt if I am mis-
taken in supptsmg the collection cf gold and silver
in public dues can pioduce no injury, but, on the
contrary, the most wholesome effect upon ?'l in e-
lests m society, then I err with those who are ca-
pable of fonrmg the clearest judgments and lei us
not be too lash in denouncing that which very sen-
sible men have heretoiore advocated I shall nut
quote the sentiments delivered by John Randolph,
who, m mv opinion, spoke moic like a prophet
upon th'se subjec s than aiy nan of h s 0 j H>,
perhaps, inis.li' not be corsijeml £i t aulhori'v
No, su ' the cl?mtr lai ed Egiiiistthe c l'cc'ion oí
public aue^> m spec.e %avcs uHa-sii"!' ■< ol dema-
gogueism as of siund pat-iot ■* 1 > i do no
njury to ban'sS who desire, i 'td!i,, to have
sound papei, and t) do bus^itss upon a proper
commercial basis
It is undoubtedly the duty of the Federal Go-
\ eminent to iurmsh a safe standard of value w hith
nothing can vary. This is made a duty under
the power given "to com money, regulate the
value thereof, and of foreign com," and by the
Constitution declaring that no State shall "coin
money, emit bills of credit, or make a y thing
but gold  and  silver com a lender m pa) meat
