432
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL -©LOiRR.
25th CovO"«-2nd Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Pickens.
3 Mb, 188$.
H. of Reps.
of debts.''* This preservation of a fixed stand-
ard of value is essential to the protection of pro-
perty. The Government can, at least, through its
collections and disbursements, furnish one sound
and healthful artery, whose pulsation shall send
forth a pure circulation into all those vans that run
irom the great points of ours} stem. The great
errot has been in taking it for granted that paper
credit represented com, from the fact that it was
esteemed convertible, when, in reality, it never
was convertible. No bank that has alt the attri-
butes ot deposite, discount, and circulation,, can
have paper representing, m fact, com. The truth
iv, that it can only have a credit circulation, which
is vastly beneficial to commercial operations, when
confined to a sound basis, but it is not money, nor
can it, injustice, be a measure of value for every
man's property. No, sir! a specie standard is the
law of this country at home, as it is the law of the
world abroad. And it is an eternal truth, that no-
thing but the precious metals, or circulation resting
upon them, gilder for gilder, and dollar for dollar,
can be made money, m fact, m any nation or in any
age. All the powers of despotism have m vain
been exerted upon this point, at different periods of
the world, and it has produced no other effect but
to coippel those who held the metals secretly to
hoard them, while traud, perjury, and swindling,
have become the l"gali7 d characteristics of society.
Upon these points, I Lxultmgly triumph in the
truth of my position, and del} refutation.
Mr. Chairman, it is poor and contracted decla-
mation to say, thit collections in gold and silver
would break do ivn. the prosperity of the countiy
As well might jou expect the waking lion to be
pressed down by the weight of the morning dew-
drop hanging upon his mane. Look abroad, and
contemplate, for a moment, the vast power of your
cotton trade upon commerce, cast your eye upon
tlie thousa id sails that annually swell on the bosom
ol the ocean, freighted with one million five kwadied
thousand bales of the richest produce that the world
ever saw ; look to the deep valleys of the far west,
unfolding the temptations ol a virgin soil, upon
which a hardy and enterprising people pre develop-
ing the lesouiCLS ot new ei.ipires! Yes, sir, look
from the polar regions even do va to 'he trupics,
and behold the Mis^ouu and the Mississippi
sweeping through the inheritance ol ireemen, and
then, *u, after J on have contemplated those mighty
piospects, come > nd talk to me, if you can, ot the
contemptible idea, that the collection of a lew mil-
lions m specie, by this Government, is to throw us
back into ilie daik ages ' It is miaerab'e humbupy,
that binks, in their aniiety to monopolize al1 gam,
should exclaim that we war upon credit, and are to
bre.ik down ti° piospenty 01 this mighty people,
waliiing erect in all the energy of manhood, and
wat: giant strides, to the empire of the world, un-
df r the quickening influences of free and glorious
institutions!
Gentlemen sleep undfr a delusion; they are
where the world was twenty years ago. Steam-
power h?sre\olutior zed all inland navigation, and
now the íesources of the country, with its cotion
trade, will revolutionize commerce. The day is
past when toniv circulation is again to be consi-
deied as cish or cu>rency, to forma permanent
system. II istohase value in propor'ion 10 the
credit and capacity of the institution issuing it, and
no more, and vill facilitate large commercial trans-
actions. As tar as we aie c ncerncd, in our
loreign trade, cotton is to supply, to a s-reat extent,
the p ace of <o.ns in tians mssions, and is to íegu-
lale exchanges Tie tide is charging, and those
who repose undei tne fatal idea that banks are to
r-guíate the hel u, as heretofore and that the 'ame
hrpeze'S i> swell the sans, will find thems'hes
wicoked am d breakers, ai.d bleach-ng under the
unrelent no; winds of heaven. On thtse subjects
there is a deep current of thought in the world, aud
the spirit ol íeform is abroad. Let not gentlemen
move further in their bold career under an ilea
that the banking interest is, to rule this country I
warn them to pausp before they bring down de-
struction from an outraged and indignant people.
The responsibility will rest upon them.   As to our
"Article 1, section 10, Constitution.
trade abroad, cotton is to be the great regulator.
The bank or banks that ally themselves with that
interest, upon a proper commercial basis, will have
the means to meet credits m Europe, and will be
relieved from all transmissions in coin.
There is no position so dangerous to the banks
themselves as to reunite thetn m any transactions
with this Governmr '. It would be the pregnant
cause and the pretext for conflict and party war-
fare, in which the property and the business of the
peaceful and the honest would be placed at the
mercy of the profligate and the ambitious. All who
desire to preserve the usefulness of those institu-
tions which rest upon a sound basis, s-hould dread
the fatal embrace of the Government, which will
either prove too strong for them, or will make a
combination too strong foi liberty.
Mr. Chairman, it is interesting to tiace out the
progress and power of banking operations, not only
over the currency, but over the politics of the
world. I shall not trespass upon the patience of
the committee on this point, except by referring
briefly to some prominent events. We can draw
from them some important lessons. Even gomg
back but a short time, ws see that, in 1792, Cla-
vier, with those who had control of the finances in
Prance, through agenw in Englan-1, by means of
cashing diafts, produced an operation upon the
Bankot England, which spread alarm and bankruot-
cy throughout the nation, and compelled the Govern-
ment to create five millions sterling of Exchequer
bills in aid of the bank and commercial men. This
would have been carried much further at that
time, but for want of unity in the Frenan councils.
Again, in 1796, the advances made for allies and
armies upon the continent, and particularly the im-
perial loan of that time, produced confusion in the
English currency, and hi ought down ruin and de-
solation to every class in society. Impending in-
vasion and destruction seemed to threaten a total
overthrow. The derangement of her currency pa-
ralyzed the strength of the nat'on. The bank could
no longer peiform its functions. The nation could
not bear, at that time, the ta\es requisite tor de-
ltnce. The ministry were forced to lesoit to a
me1 hod of debasing the coins, and violating the sa-
oredness of contracts, by legali7ing an irredeemable
paper currency. The bank stopped specie pay-
ments on the 26 h February, 1797. and Parliament,
in itsomnipo'eiice, sanctioned the act. The act ot
1797 professed to sustain the suspension only • fora
limited time." The second seci ion exempted the tank
from paying any of its notes, a though "issued as
payable on demand or otherwise,"and provided the
m de m which it might apply to the court to stay
proceedings against it' This act expressly violated
existing contracts, and upon the plea of State ne-
cessity; that plea und<T which piofligacy and des-
potism have claimed a sanction in every age and
in every country. Th s wasthe first act of the British
ministry which, m effect, debased the coins by le-
galizing an irredeemable paper currency; and this is
nothing more nor less than the modern substitute for
debasing and clipping them, that ancient prerogative
of despotism. This act of continuing the suspension
was repeated, from time to time, for twenty-two
years That which at first professed to be " for a
limited time," lasted about twenty-five jears; and
fiom 1806 to 1823, seventeen years of the suspen-
sion, the bank made an average dividend of ten
per cent, a year. It has been under the opeiaiion
of this legislation that the seat of powei m England
has entuely changed in modern times. Foimerly,
the aristocracy held foui-fifihs of the piopeny ot
the nation, but now they hold only one-sixth. The
Government threw itself mto the power of those
they could not ontul, andgaie ascendancy to ca-
pitalists in stocks. It has changed the aristocracy
from one of landed niteiests and hereditary to one
of ba-ikers and money. The lords aie now nume-
rous, but poor.    They were formerly, from their
independent weallo, cheeks upon the Ciown__not
so now The wealth of the king lom has changed,
and the Teal power is m the Commons, rt present-
ing, as they do, capitalists in manufactures, com-
merce, and stocks; which will inevitably end, m the
progress of events, in an unchecked Crown. The
result of all these great movements upon the distri-
bution of wealth was, that, in 1833, Parliament re-
newed the charter of the Bank of England, and
passed this remarkable section: "And be it farther
enacted, That from and after the 1st day of August,
1834, a tender of a note or notes of the Governor
and Company of the Bank of England, .expressed
to be payable to bearer on demand, shall be a legal
tender, to the amount expressed in such note or 
notes, and shall be taken 10 be valid as a tender to
such amount for all sums above Jive pounds, in
all cowrts and tti all places m which any tender Of
money may he legally made: Provided, always,
That no such note or notes shall be deemed a
legal tender of paymentby the Governor and Com-
pany of the Bank of England." Thus.it will be
seen, by this clause, that the unlimited power of the
British Government has made the notes of the
Bank of England a legal tender from all persons
and all classes, except from the Bank itself. This
great principle is destined to consummate that de-
volution which has taken place m England in the
distribution of wealth; whilst, also, it makes the
Bank, in fact, a separate estate in political power.
It discards the necessary use Of gold and silver, to
a great extent, and practically substitutes paper as
legal currency. The result mnst be to throw out
gold and silver from England, particularly the
former, as it is now worth more, m this country,
when compared wilh silyer. While she thus dis-
cards gold, let us take it; while she takes the less
stable currency, let us take the sound; and it will
give our capital and industry a permanent ascen-
dancy in the next shock that occurs. If we intend,
in our future policy, to run a career with Great
Britain, upon the basis which she has established,
we must first make our Government as strong as
hers, and unite its destiny ana power with the pa-
per circulation of the country, or every commercial
convulsion must accrue to her benefit. Without
this, our system will be too weak to stand the
shock. In England, they have a consolidated in-
terest, and the omnipotence of Parliament allows
them to delegate, to a separate institution, control
over whatever they choose to constitute as curren-
cy. Here the reverse is the fact, and every sepa-
rate sovereignty furnishes circulation; and in the
competition there can be no systematic action,
but through the simple preservation of the con-
stitutional currency, by the fiscal acttou of this
Government, or the creation of a bupermtendmg
regulator, to which must be delegated the power
of substituting paper for gold and silver. This
power reaches the very vitals of alt societv, for
it practically change" the standard of value,
and is the highest attubute of sovereignty. The
tact is, the power to issue and regulate paper cur-
rency, if it is to be made money, ought to be as
stnc'ly confined to the control ot sovereignty as to
stamp com and fix its value. la England, where
they have an annual revenue of $250,000,000,
indirectly levied from every quarter ot the world,
and disbursed, for the most part, upon a ^mall
territory with an identity of interests, the Govr.n-
ment may need a bank as a fiscal agent. Tlvir
interest is for high revenue and extravagant dis-
bursements. It is the reverse with ns. With oar
extended territory and diveisity of interests, u yon
attempt to follow England, you may have a
splendid Government, and magnificent wealth con-
centrated on certain poims; but you will htve
dependent provinces and a corrupt and enslaved
people. Instead of the aristocracy of tbi old world,
we will have m its place the practical power of
corporations concentrating wealth, and giving that
eneigy to a central Government which Hamilton
so much desired. We might lwe more apparent
■wealth and gigantic enterprises, but we would pay
dear for them. Without this, we may be poorer,
1'it we will be freer and happier. The organiza-
tion of banks, with their credits, fostered and cen-
tralized by their connection, through the receipts
and disbursements, with this Government, tends to
consolidate the Con federacy, and to place us all under
the subjugation of those who hold a certain species
of capital, without reference to the vanóos inte-
rests of the country.
Ordinarily, Government is too slror>g for liberty 
but allied wnh this tremendous interest it musfcbá*
come despetic. Separate them, and the temMT
is for them to olieek and balance each «JifeisX**
