June, 1838.        ____
25th Cong-----2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¿3$
Increase ofthe- Army—Mr. Bronson.
H. of Reps.
real danger at this juncture is more from the power
and combination of banks and their influence than
from ihe Government. We are, in some points of
view, just at that crisis that the people of Great
Britain were in 1797, when Parliament legalized
an irredeemable paper circulation; and deeply as
that affected the change of power and the distribu-
tion of wealth there, yet' still more deeply will our
institutions be affected if this Government does
anything, as a permanent system, towards receiv-
ing any treating the credit circulatien of the local
autherities as money, and making it the measure
of value.
Mr. Chairman, independent of the peculiar ope-
ration of the vitiated system of modern credit and
banking upon our internal and domestic relations
as a people, it presents itself to us in an interesting
point of view as a nation connected with other na-
tions. The great markets for our exports, particu-
larly cotton and tobacco, are England and France,
from whence, through the process of manufactur-
ing, they are reshipped to all parts of the world.
We want an expanded currency there, with a con-
tracted safe ®ne here; because we wish to sell high
and buy cheap, or convert our sales into available
funds. They must come down to our prices, or
lose our market. With inflated credit and cur-
rency in England, and limited and safe here,
English manufactures could never reach our mar-
ket; unless they came down to our prices under a
sound currency. There can be no greater protec-
tion to our industry and capital than this; and ti
forces the English manufacturers to our price, or
under our sales of cotton there, enables us to con-
vert their currency into available funds, and thus
gives us the control of trade. The struggle is, whe-
ther we shall control through our exports of raw
material, or whether they shall control through
banks and credit. If we contract within
safe bounds, and rely upon the former, when-
ever a shock takes place in the commercial
world, it will be felt in England, and accrue to
our benefit in the final adjustment. But the
reverse will be the fact, if we enter into a career
with Great Britain for ascendancy over the curren-
cy and credit transactions of the world She holds
the banking and credit power of the commercial
world. All commercial points are debtors to Great
Britain. She expands her currency and enlarges
her credit. The consequence is, that all other
points ia commercial connection with her feel the
stimulus and the impulse. They are induced to
enlarge, too, and receive extension from the bank
and bankers of London. And when all points
become largely indebted, under high prices from
expanded credits, she then contracts, and through
the Bank of England, connected as it is with
the power and credit of Government, enlarges
the proportion of bullion, and limits paper issues.
And what is the consequence? She calls in Tier
debts and compels payment in gold and silver
or available funds. A shock takes place—cre-
dit contracts itself—prices fall—and the great
seat of bullion and the banking power becomes
then mistress over the property of the commercial
world. She puts up every thing to the highest
prices, and then purchases at the lowest. Look
at recent facts. In the single year of 1836, there
were, including branches, two hundred joint stock
banks created In England. This swelled the ex-
pansion of credits and circulation. On March
7th, 1837, the Bank of England commenced re-
ducing her loans, and by December the 14th, 1837,
had actually reduced them in those few months,
¿£7,852,000, or nearly $40,000,000. She increased
her bullion in the same time, ¿£4,124,000, or
near $20,000,000. This specie of course was
hoarded, and reduced the general circulation,
which, together with the credit circulation of
$40,000,000, made a contraction of near $60,000,000
in nine months.. We all remember the disasters
which have occurred with us since 12th May, 1837,
up to the present time. The Bank of England
commenced her contractions on the 7th March,
1837, and we felt the electric shock in May follow-
ing, and a few months, as the contraction grew
closer and closer, we were thrown into convulsions.
And so it will ever be, as long as we are urged on
in the heedless and mad career which we have
28
heretofore followed. The troth is, this whole sys-
tem of expanding and stimulated modern credits
connected with Government, does nothing more
nor less than reduce us again to a state of
colonial vassalage to Great Britain. To'meet the
shocks and the periodical reverses which she has
the power to create, we are compelled to three al-
ternatives; either to yield up our gold and silver—
or sacrifice our exports for her benefit—or to issue
bonds and stocks running upon time at high inte-
rest. This last is but an extension of the catastio-
phe which awaits with more astounding effects. It
may now be said that the banks and bankers of
England hold the strings of power over the two
countries—they even hold the question of peace or
war in their hands. And the Government of neither
country could this day make war or peace without
tiVir consent, and without their interest. Well
may crowned heads attempt to purify the blood of
bankers, as .they have done in modern times, by
conferring upon them the  mpty title of baron, be-
fore whose presence courtiers shall bow, and even
the diadém of royalty itself shall glitter.
Mr. Chairman, I love the wealth and apparent
prosperity of ray country; but I love, still more,
her independence. Give us poverty and an hum-
ble destiny, if you will, rather than to have eur
people wear the badges of vassals, with all the
gorgeous livery of bondsmen. I envy nothing
European but their glorious literature. Rude as
many suppose us to be, still I love the hills and the
valleys of my own country, because it was the
home and the country of those who once flashed on
high the sword of freedom in the war of our Revo-
lution. Independence forever to my country, is the
first and dearest sentiment of my heart.
The writers in Great Britain, with some very
honorable exceptions, on these subjects connected
with currency and credit, write, for the most part,
for the interest and power of Great Britain. I do
not blame them, but they are of little authority with
me. What is for her interest under an expanded
currency and an enlarged system of credits, is pre-
cisely the reverse for the United States, unless we
should in turn become the great reservoir of com-
merce, and the banking creditor of the world. A
stable and safe currency, and sound limited credit
system with us, limits the power of Great Britain.
An enlarged and expanded system, stimulated by
her, givfs her the purse strings in all convulsions.
France has perceived this, and wisely abstained
from joining in her proud career of fortune and of
ambition. If she had fallen into that system at the
conclusion of peace, twenty-five years ago, the
title of being "King of Great.Britain and France,"
which has been handed down as a proud inheri-
tance to the English crown, would not at this day
be a vain and empty sound, but would be felt as
something substantial in all its sad and degrading
realities.
Mr. Chairman, in the whole operation of this
system which I have been discussing, we of the
weaker portions of this confederacy hold the same
relation to the gigantic stock interest of the North
that the whole country bears towards Great Bri-
tain. While the coniederacy would become com-
mercial colonies in fact, we of the South would be
tributary provinces to those who would hold in their
hands the destiny of credits and banks, fos-
tered by Government, with all its disbursements.
Let those whose investments are in land and labor
beware!   Their fate depends upon this controversy!
Allow me to say that there are no subjects in the
whole range of politics calculated to produce a
deeper impression upon our future destiny, as a
people, than the very questions upon which we are
now called to decide. Let gentlemen who repre-
sent the weaker portions of this Union remember
that the result of all modern improvement and or-
ganization is to consolidate all society into one liv-
ing mass, where local interests and local feelings
are to be absorbed for the benefit of one mighty
whole. The tendency of civilization in modern
times is to aggregation, where the stronger classes
subjugate the weaker. Formerly, the same result
was produced by physical force and the conqueror's
sword. Not so now. Through combinations and
corporations, whole interests and classes are brought
to act wj,th the system and energy of a single,  head
clothed with power. Under these circumstances,
when I think of the future, and turn my eyes to the
land of my forefathers, I confess that 1 feel m>y
heart filled with the foreboding emotions that rash
upon it. Let those whose homes and whose children*
are there, and there forever, hesitate, k g hesitate,,
before they do any thing, directly or indirecüy,'to'
strengthen the hands of others, who may be forced
by art irresistible destiny to sweep our peculiar insíiíw-
tionqfrom. the face of the earth; and if any of ,us
^ould survive the shock, it will only be to drag
out a miserable existence of degraded impotency-
Bat I forbear to pursue this painful subject.
It is unpleasant to be arrayed, as I am, against
the supposed interest of any class or any party,
and to encounter their fierce hostility. But view-
ing things as I do, he who falters is false to hi*
duty. Those who suppose that I have taken my
course from any partisan feelings, little understand5
the emotions oí my heart. I would not turn on my
heel for all the party triumphs of the day. I took
my position without consulting any politician
living; and there are those around me ■who know
that I took it immediately after the suspension of
specie payments. I should never have deviated
from it, if I had stood alone; and, under existing
circumstances, I am resolved to maintain it, be the
consequences what they may. Thank God! I ask
no favors of any mas, or set of men living, save
my own constituents. I scorn and defy power,
whether it comes from this Government or from
the banks. All I ask is a fair hearing; and if the
cause I advocate is to be vanquished, let it be done
by the power of truth, rather than by party drill;
for remember, upon this great subject, the triumph
of error may prove fatal to the best interests of our
common country.
In all free communities, it is upon the fiscal action
of Government that great parties divide. There
may be divisions under individual leaders for per-
sonal objects; but, from the nature of things, all
such must have a temporary career. There are
those who naturally love a strong Government,
and those who fear it. They will stand en diflerent
sides. Jefferson and Hamilton, the two master
minds of their day, separated in 1790 on fiscal ques-
tions, and the consolidating action of this Govern-
ment; and such, in my opinion, will again be the
division of parlies at this memeMous juncture in eur
affairs.
I return my thanks to the committee for their
kind attention, and begpardon for having trespassed
so much longer upon their time than I had in-
tended.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
SPEECH OF MR. BRONSON,
Of New  York.
In House of Representatives, June 27, 1838—The
House being in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the bill providing for an
increase of the army of the United States,
Mr. BRONSON addressed the committee as fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: the increase of our standing
army at any time, and under any circumstances, is
a measure that should receive the tnort deliberate
reflection and anxious consideration. No hastily
formed opinions or slight reasons should be relied
upon for a step of this kind, and the necessity, as
well as sound policy of such a measure, should be
quite apparent, in order to justify a vote in its favor.
I have endeavored to bring to the consideration of
this subject, the most dispationate and patient in-
vestigation. I have reflected much upon it, and
being satisfied, both, of the necessity and policy of
this increase, and that it is a measure loudly de-
manded by every consideration of prudence and
policy, I shall give it my support.
I am satisfied that the present force of our army
is entirely inadequate for the protection oi our ex-
tended frontier; that ¡lis too small to render that
efficient service to ihe country which is expected
from the ai my, aad most particularly inadequate
for the present emergencies.
We are told by the chairman of the Military
