i !0
45x11 ConS""2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jun^ 18á&
Independent Treasury—Mr. Hunter.
H. of Rep .
two currencies to a common level. If this were so,
it would be a sufficient answer to my argument,
because the foundation would be taken from it.
These person.-., Mr. Chairman, mistake fiction
for truth, and confound a nominal with a real con-
vertibility. If this paper rested upon an actual
deposite, dollar for dollar, of specie, then their posi-
tion would be true. The value of such paper
would depend upon precisely the same laws which
regulate that of specie. But they forget that this
bank paper rests upon other credit substituted in
us place, and that the value of this credit depends
upon circumstances entirely different from those
which regulate the value of specie, the money of
ihe woi Id. The value of specie depends upon a
lew circumstances, which are generally the same
over the world, whilst that of credit depends upon
many circumstances, which vary in different places.
Because they sometimes see bank credit equivalent
to specie, they forget that many things may occur
to make it worth less, or even more. In short, they
forget that they must suppose the secret of alchemy
to have been discovered, if 'hey believe that a form
of credit has been devised, which is precisely equal
to specie. There are notorious facts, which, with-
out explanation, or the aid of theory, ought to have
shown them the confusion of ideas upon which they
are acling. It is known, for instance, and every
one admits the fact, that no bank, constituted as
ours are, can redeem its bills in specie, if all were
presented at once. It is only claimed that they
can convert the amount which will probably be
offered them at any one time; and this probability
has to be determined by conjecture. The amount
to be presented for conversion depends confessedly
upon accident; and there are no known and general
rules by which it can be determined, so as to en-
able the directors to provide for the emergency.
They may provide that their bills shall be ultimately
redeemable if they are prudent, but the promise to
convert them upon sight gives them a part of their
value; and as their ability to do so depends upon
circumstances which the community cannot foresee
or know, so a thousand accidents may take from
the bills of the very best banks this portion of their
value; false as well as real alarms, because none
of them can stand an extensive run, which may be
sometimes produced by accident. Here, then, is
one fact, which shows that the values of bank
paper nominally convertible, and of specie, depend
upon different circumstances, and, therefore, cannot
fluctuate according to the same laws. Another
fact of ihe same nature is also familiar to the his-
lory of banks. Their paper may be convertible to-
day, and inconvertible to-morrow, although nothing
can have happened in that time to have changed
lis real value; and here, sir, I might rest the repli-
cation of this answer to my original posilion; but
ihe subject is one of much importance, and with
your permission I will pursue it a little further, to
*-how why it is that this difference in the levels of
currencies is not always exhibited by the rate of
exchange.
The value of exchange, like that of every thing
else, depends upon the relative proportion of de-
mand and supply; and, accordingly, the price will
not rise until die demand for it begins to exceed its
former proportion to the supply. Now the cur-
seney of one country may rise above the level of
another; the balance of trade, too, may be against
it; and yet, if there be no desire on the part of the
creditor to withdraw this balance, the demand for
exchange may not increase, and the price, there-
fore, will not rise, I have before endeavored to ex-
plain the reasons which have prevented this desire to
transfer the balance due from us; and if I was success-
ful, f have shown why the rate of exchange did not
express the full difference between our currencies,
because I have shown that the natural demand for
it was suppressed, and therefore its real or natural
price was diminished. The other branch of the
proposition which I undertook to meet, is, in my
opinion, equally untme with that from which I
have just passed. U is not true, Mr. Chairman,
that a difference in exchange will always produce
a demand for the conversion of bank notes. The
merchant generally owes the banks, and he will not
run upon them if he can avoid it, when he knows
that they will return upon him.   Abstract conside-
rations ef profit do not always govern him in this
case, -alliums;!) exchange may be unfavorable to
him. A rtgaid to his own interest induces him to
forbear with the banks. In addition to this, the
gradual rise of prices enables him to charge for
the greater part of this loss on exchange to the
consumer, especially if that loss be not large. As
some confirmation of this theory, permit me to ad-
vert to the fact mentioned by Mr. Gallatin in his
review of the currency, written in 1830. He in-
formed us then, that for nine years previous to that
time, the exchange between this and England had
been 2 3-5 per cent, above the true or real par. In
other words it was 2 3-5 per cent, above the value
of the precious metals with all the costs of trans-
portation, etc. added to them. And yet this pro-
duced no such run upon the banks as to reduce the
currencies to the same levels. This state of things
continued for nine years, and that, too, during the
existence of the United States Bank, and at a time
so often represented here as the most palmy period
of our currency. So much, !hen, Mr. Chairman,
by way of argument, to show that the natural ten-
dencies of our banking system are to expand our
currency beyond the-levels of those of some older
nations. And yet I cannot dismiss this branch of
the subject without referring to some remarkable
facts which would seem to establish the truth of my
conclusions. In examining Mr. Woodbury's re-
port upon the subject of cotton made in 1836, it
occurred to me to look into his statement of the
average annual prices of that article in the United
States and England. I ascertained from that ex-
amination that there were two entire years, 1829
and 1831, (and I believe I might have selected
others,) during which the English price was con-
siderable less than the price given, with the addition
of freight, and other charges to which the article
was liable. In 1829, the price in England was.
eleven and a half cents of our coin, while here the
price was ten cents in our money. Add two cents for
freight, five per cent, for insurance, commission,
and guaranty, and throwing out of consideration
)he duty which is repaid in drawbacks upon that
portion which is manufactured for export, and you
have the result, that during this year our merchant
lost one cent upon every ten laid out in cotton.
In 1831 the result is of the same character, though
the loss is not so great. We find, then, that this
trade was conducted by our merchants at a lors of
ten per cent, or of seven and two-fifths per cent, if
you estimate the difference of exchange at two and
three-fifths per cent.—a result perhaps only to be
accounted for upon the supposition that the Ameri-
can and English currencies were of different value,
inasmuch as it is not likely that a losing trade
would be steadily carried on by our merchants
for so long a period as a year. The fact, however,
of the difference of exchange to which I have be-
fore referred, as stated by Mr. Gallatin, conclu-
sively establishes the existence of a difference be-
tween the value of the two currencies, although, in
my opinion, it was not, under the circumslanc.es, a
measure of the precise degree of difference. When
capital k distributed between the different nations
of the earth, and between the different classes of
society,- according to its natural rate of profit in
the employment of each of them; and when the
whole world uses one and the same currency, then,
and then only, in my opinion, will the rate of ex-
change be the true measure of Ihe difference of
level in currency. Mr. Chairman, when I trace
what I believe to bj the evil tendencies of this
banking system upon the commerce between this
and foreign ceuntries, whose currencies approach
more nearly the specie standard, I am not deriving
my conclusions from mere theory. Remarkable
facts, whose existence no one can deny, have led
me to these opinions—facts which, as I believe,
can only be explained by supposing a drain m the
currency, brought about mast probably m the mode
which I have suggested.
Sir, we have all seen the immense balances ac-
cumulating against us in our trade with England.
The great sacrifices which our country has made,
and is making, to satisfy them, are equally notorious.
The English merchant hat. been ihe great lax-
gaiherer amongst us for years, and that, as Í be-
lieve, flows through the operations of this banking
system, which we are called upon to make so many.
sacrifices to sustain. It ¡s a remarkable fact in the
history of power, that when driven from its olden
haunts in one shape, it is apt to return under ano-
ther disguise. When the star of the Roman em
pire descended m the west, i\ would have seemed
that it had set for ever. Its dominion of force was
gone before the fierce approach of the wild bar-
barians of the north. But the subtle genius of
Roman power appeared under a new transforma-
tion, and assumed another disguise "It went out
in the panoply of the warrior; it reappeared in the
habiliments of a priest. It went out sword in
hand; it returned with the crucifix. It disappeared
with the haughty ai'r of the soldier ; but it came
again with the lowly mien of the disciple. Its
instruments were changed, but its object was the
same. It no longer carried fetters for the limbs ;
but charmed with spells the human mind which
became its subject, whilst empire was still its aim.
The banner of the cross was borne beyond the
furthest flight of the imperial eagle, and the Leos
made conquests by their aits, which the Ceesars
had never achieved by their arms. There is no
saying what might have been the limits of its con-
quests, if the spirit of the north had not arisen, like
a genius of opposing destiny, to dispute its empire
over the moral world. But this spirit did arise
wilh the Reformer's wand, with which it claimed,
like Ithuriel with his spear, to detect the spells of
southern enchantment.
Mr. Chairman,, the history of our political and
commercial relations with England affords, in my
opinion, another remarkable instance of this dis-
position of power to revisit its old abodes under a
new disguise. When Great Britain was no longer'
able to enforce a tribute from as by her arms, she
determined to gather it by her arts, and eminently
successful has she been in that attempt. She dis-
covered the secret by which our own banks might
be converted into her stampmasters; and keeping
her currency below the level of ours, she was able,
not only to profit by their expansions and contrac-
tions, but almost to produce them at pleasure. So
long as she remains the single focus of the credit
system of the world, she will centralize its trade,
and rule a far more extensive empire by her policy
than she ever acquired by her arms. Within the
course of a year we have felt the shock of a vast
convulsion in our credit system, and we have seea
that it was hastened, at least, by the action of the
Bank of England upon what were called the Ame-
rican houses in that country. Sir, he has looked
but little into the spirit of this age, who does not
see that trade is becoming more and more th«
object of contests between nations, and that these
contests are to be decided more by strokes of policy
than of arms. For one, I believe that the day is
not very far distant, when there will be a straggle
between nations as to which shall reduce their cur-
rencies by gradual means the nearest to the specie
standard. It becomes, then, a question for Ame-
rican statesmen to consider whether they will enter
into this line of policy, and be the first or the last
to prepare for the contest. But here, sir, I shall
be asked if I am for a specie currency, by gentle-
men, who at one time maintain that no one is ab-
surd enough to entertain such a proposition, and
at another, would have it believed that many of
the friends of this bill are secretly in favor of the
doctrine, but dare not avow it. Sir, I turn upon
these gentlemen to demand of them the meaning;
of their question. Do they mean to ask, whether
we would return suddenly to the specie standard?
whether there are any who would at once reduce
the obligations made upon the inflated paper stand-
ard to a specie settlement? Sir, I have never seen
or known the man who advocates such a sudden
change in the measure of value—a change which
would affect so injuriously the relations between
creditor and debtor. It is one of the great objec-
tions to the banks, that their operations produce
changes in th« measure of value, such as bo
Government would ever dare directly to attempt..
It is the very evil which the friends of reform wish
to prevent. They cannot mean, therefore, to ask
if we eniertain this doctrine, which, it is know,
is held by none ia this country.
What, then, is it that they mean to ask?   Do
