June, lá38.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRÉSSÍONAL GLOBE.
441
25th CoxO""2n  Sess.
Independent   Treasury—Mr. Hunter.
H. of Reps.
they inquire if there be a„y one so absurd as to
beheve that, as an abstract question, a specie cur-
rency is the best? If so, I say for one that I main-
tain the proposition, and am not afraid to avow it.
Sir, I say further, that the arguments in favor of
the superiority of this standard of value are such as
never have been answered, and such as gentlemen
do not choose to meet, except by the stale jest of a
projected return to black broth and Spartan money.
They may evade the issue, but they cannot dispose
of the argument by such a jest. The true use of
currency is as a measure of value. To be a true
measure of value, the proportion of the currency to
the material wealth, or to the exchanges, must be
uniform between the different nations of the earth,
and must also be uniform from time to time. To
be a convenient measure of value, currency must be
portable; and to be safe, it must be durable. Now,
sir, it stands confessed that none but the specie
standard has ever come to the first requisite, of uni-
formity between nation and nation; for it is the
only money of the whole world. As between age
and age, it is not perfectly uniform; but experience
has shown not only that it was near enough for most
practical purposes, but that no other money standard
has ever approached it in this respect; and so far as du-
rabihty and portability are concerned, no improve-
ment upon specie has ever been devised except that
of the original plan of the Bank of Amsterdam,
whose paper represented specie, dollar for dollar.
Apply these tests of currency to paper money issued
upon any other foundation than it  actual equiva-
lent in specie, and" it will be found that it cannot
stand an examination by any of the true rules of
currency, except in its portability—an advantage
which, it is shown, can also be given to the specie
«tantlard, by the device above mentioned. But
gentlemen, not choosing to expose their paper cur-
rency to an examination by these tests, would per-
suade us that it is fixed upon us by necessity, be-
cause, as they say, there is not specie enough in
the worid to answer its purposes of currency. And
here permit me to say, sir, they confound the ab-
stract question with the propriety of a present and
¡-udden return to that standard. This consideration
of quantity enters a very small way into the consi-
deration of the abstract question. If the world
were beginning anew, it would be a matter of no
importance whether an ounce or a half ounce of
silver was called a dollar. If the quantity of pre-
cious metals preserve the uniform proportions to
exchanges of which I before spoke, it matters little
whether that quantity be small or great. But how
do gentlemen ascertain that there is not enough of
specie in the world for its currency? This has been
reckoned a subject of curious inquiry amongst the
learned, and none have ever pretended to do more
than give its probable amount, for there are no suf-
ficient data for an accurate calculation. Now, if
any one is at liberty to suppose upon this subject, I
should fay that it was Jacobs; and he tells us, after a
very ingenious view oí the subject, that the amount
of specie, in currency, ornaments, &c. in Europe
t rid America, is equal to 1,000,000,000 of pounds
sterling. Of this, all that exists in the shape of oi-
naments and domestic utensils, constitutes a fund
to resort to for currency whenever it may become
necessary to do so. Up to the establishment of the
Bank of England, there was certainly specie enough
for the cutrenoy of the worid, for it had, in effect,
no other; and the mines have net only been open
ever since, but are still open, when a demand for
the precious metals shall cause a resort to them.
Sir, when gentlemen dispose of these arguments, as
ab'urd, by a jest, I lake it as a polite intimation
that they mean to settle the question by the weight
of their own authority. Here, again, with all pos-
sible deference, I b;g leave to take issue with them
even under ihat form of arbitrament. If the ques-
tion is to be settled by authority, I venture to place
against them such a name as that of George
Washington, who distinctly expressed his preiei-
ence for the specie standard, in his letter to a mem-
ber of the Maryland Legislature. If that will not
do, I will throw in the names ef George Mason-
said by John Randolph to have been the most sa-
gacious Virginia politician of his day—of John
Taylor, of Caroline; of John Randolph himself;
of  Nathaniel   Macon,   of North   Carolina;   of
William H. Crawford, who, in his currency report
of 1820, affirmed that all the experiments of paper
money had signally failed; of Albert Gallatin,
whose opinions are shown in his review upon cur-
rency in 1830; and even of George McDuffie, who
said, in his celebrated report upon the United States
Bank, that he was far from maintaining, as an ab-
stract question, that a specie currency was not the
best. Nay, sir, I might throw in the names of the
framers of the Constitution themselves; for we have
the authority of Fisher Ames for declaring that they
designed this for a hard money Gevernment. If
the authority of all of these great names is to be
disposed of by that same comprehensive jest, then,
sir, I can only say with Parson Adams, that " I
would prefer being one of the victims to being the
author of such a jest."
If it be true then in the abstract, that specie con-
stitutes the best currency now known to the world,
it follows, as a consequence, that any easy and
gradual return to it, would be salutary in point of
policy. But if a single voice is raised for reform
in this particular, the very air resounds with cries
of credit' credit! from the friends of the banks, as
if there could be no credit without banks consti-
tuted precisely like ours. Gentlemen meet any
proposition for such a reform with vague generali-
ties about credit, and like the gods of Homer, they
veil this their favorite idea in a cloud of words,
and bear it from the field of battle, when there
seems to be a chance of its coming into contact
wilh reason. For the cause of truth, it would be
well, however, if this notion could be stripped of
its veil, so as to expose it to a closer scrutiny than
they permit us to give it. If this were done, I
think they would find that theyhavekave been led into
strange mistakes by a confusion of ideas: first, be-
cause bank credit, in the form of circulation, is
sometimes worth its equivalent is specie, they mis-
take it for specie; and then because it is sometimes
exchanged for capital, they again confound it with
this last. In this way, they might carry bank
credit through all the transmigrations of Indus,
and make it the same with any thing they pleased.
They forget that credit, currency and capital are
all distinct m their natures, and that you cannot
increase the real amount of credit, by changing
the currency which is the standard by which it is
measured. The first bank in the world, which uni-
ted the right of lending money, with the power to
make this money of their own credit, was that of
England, chartered in the reign of William III.
Will gentlemen pretend that before this there was
nothing like credit known to the world? Was
there no credit amid those nations of antiquity, of
whose wealth we read so much, both in profane
and sacred history? Was there no credit in Hol-
land or England, previous to the time of William?
And if there were, then it follows that the ideas
of credit and of a specie currency are not incom-
patible. The difference between those gentlemen
and myself, in relation to currency, is this. They
would raise the fabric of credit by a variable mea-
sare, so that ihe walls would be thrown out of the
perpendicular in the very process of construction,
and thus they would tumble before the building
was finished; I, on the contrary, would place an
invariable standard of measure in the hands of in-
dustry and enterprise, so that the fabric should rise
in its just proportions andstand when once erected. In
a comparison of ideas upon the subject of credit
with most gentlemen here, I think it would be found
that I would go for even a more liberal use of
it than ihey themselves are willing to allow
the world. The difference between us is only as
to the standard of measure: they prefer a variable,
and I prefer a fixed standard. As the uses and na-
ture of credit and currency are different, so it should
be with the laws which regulate them.
I have thus endeavored, Mr. Chairman, to trace
the operation of this banking system upon our fo-
reign commerce. If that operation be such as I
suppose, it is manifest that any thing which in-
creases its tendency to over-issues and sudden
changes in the standard of value, is unwholesome
to the community; while, on the other hand, what-
ever serves gradually to diminish this tendency,
must be salutary. That the connection between
the Government and the batiks seems to increase
the tendencies of which 1 have been speaking, is
so clear and so generally admitted, that I need not
argue the proposition. The question for present
consideration is, whether this bill, which proposes
to dissolve the bond, will operate suddenly and
harshly, or gently and gradually? If the former
will be its operation, I admit that it would be im-
politic; if the latter, however, be true of it, then I
maintain that it is just and expedient, as a measure
of financial policy, inasmuch as it will serve to
reduce the circulation of the banks a little nearer
to the specie basis.
To measure the probable effects of this bill, we
must look to the nature of the bounty which the
use of Government credit and funds affords the
banks. It endows them in two ways; first, by the
use of public money deposited with them, and
upon which they trade; and, secondly, it increases
the circulation, which they can sustain by pro-
ducing a Govemment demand for their paper.
Supposing the Government to collect no more mo-
ney from the people than enough to satisfy its
yearly wants, (a state of things which 1 take it for
granted the nation will insist upon, as they ought,)
I would estimate the amount at $25,000,000. This
I beheve to be a liberal allowance; but, as some
gentlemen, opposed to this bill, have placed the
probable annual revenue at #30,080,000,1 am wil-
hng'to base my calculations upon their estimate.
First, then, what will be the loss of the banks in
losing the use of the public funds? Supposing the
public revenue to bs adjusted to the wants of the
Government, it is manifest that the average period
of deposit in their institutions would of necessity
be short. It would be extravagant to suppose,
under this state of things, that the collection would
be three months ahead of the disbursement; and
yet, even upon this supposition, the banks would
lose, at an allowance of six per cent, for three
months upon $30,000,000, only §450,000, when
the ultimate policy of the bill is attained. But it
is to be remembered that this bill operates gradu-
ally, through the period of six years, so that they
would lose only $75,000 in the first year, §150,000
in the next, ani so on until the divorce was final.
There are in this country about eight hundred
banks, with a capita!, probably, of $317,000,000.
Will it be asserted that this loss wouid crush, sr
even seriously injure them? But I believe that the
sentiment is now almost universal that this por-
tion of the bounty ought to be taken, from them.
Let us look, then, to the other feature, and see how
far this bill affects their circulation. This circula-
tion is sustained by the demand for it, and this
demand has hitherto proceeded from two sources,
the Government and the community at large. If
we can ascertain the amount of notes which the
Government demand will keep afloat, we shall
then know the extent to which that circulation
will be diminished by this measure. In 1890, our
revenue amounted !o a little more than §90,000,000.
In the celebrated repoit upon currency, made at
that time by Mr. Crawford, he declared that if
$5,000,000 were then issued in Treasury notes, re-
ceivable for public dues, he was justified in assert-
ing that not a dollar in any other medium would
ever reach the public treasury.
If, then, $5,000,000 in currency would have
transacted all the Government exchanges when its
revenue was $20,000,000, it would follow that
$7,500,000 in currency would suffice for this pur-
pose when ihe revenue amounted to $30,000,000.
The proportion of the amount of currency to that
of exchanges, public and private, is usually esti-
mated as one to thirty; but as the operations of
Government are slower, and for larger amounts,
than those of mdviduals, they would of course re-
quire a greater proportion of currency. When for
collection and disbursement we place the Govern-
ment exchanges at double its revenue, we shall find
that Mr. Crawford's estimate allows one-eighth of
the exchanges as the amount ot currency required
for Government purposes, which surely is liberal
enough. But attempts have been made to show
that under this bill a larger proportion of currency
would be required by the Government, inasmuch
as, according to their statements, 10,000,000 will
be locked up during the year. When the levenue*
and expenditures are equal, it is absurd to suppose
