442
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
25th Cong-----2nd Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Hvnte
H. or itepsí"
that one-third of the revenue will be constantly in
deposit.   It is true that the amount locked up will
depend much  upon the execution of the scheme.
If the Secretary discharges his  duty judiciously,
the collection will probably never be  more than
#2,000,000 in advance of the disbursement.  Recent
experience would seem to justify this conclusion.
But this is a mere conjectural mode of conducting the
inquiry.   The data aiforded us by Mr. Crawford,
whose experience and ability-qualified him tojudge,
furnish us with a principle which will lead us to
much more certain results upon this subject.    "We
are justified, then, in believing that the abstraction
o   the Government demand for bank paper would
not diminish that species of circulation more than
$7,500,000, when the revenue amounted to $20,000,-
000.   This diminution, it is to be  observed, too,
operates gradually through the period of six years.
The diminution, therefore, for the first year, would
be only $1,250,000, $2,500,000 for the second, and
so on.    Now the circulation of the eight hundred
banks amounts, at present, to about $L00,003,000,
and in 1836 it was more.    Is it to be believed that
so gradual a diminution of this circulation could
be of serious  injury to  them?    All must admit,
bank and anti-bank men, that the bank circulation
has been excessive.    A check, therefore, so gentle
as this is likely to prove, ought to be desired by all.
But there is a class who object to this bill, because
they say its passage will destroy all confidenee in
the bank paper, inasmuch as no private individual
will take it if the Government refuses to receive it.
If this paper has any value, sir, I presume it is in-
disputable, as a general rule, that individuals will
take it at that value so long as it is permited to cir-
culate, and this we neither propose  nor have the
power to prevent.    If it is meant that it will not
ihen be taken at more than its value, or when it
has no value, my reply is, that it ought to be so.
Government can have no interest in deceiving its
citizens as to the value of the commodities which
they purchase, or in making them pay more for an
article than it is worth.   If it be good policy to in-
duce a community to receive a currency of no
value, and to circulate it upon mere confidence,
why is it that we have no propositions to repeal
the laws against counterfeiters?   Their paper cir-
culates upon confidence, and upon this principle is
as good as any other.    I had thought  the reason
for the law v/a.-,  that this paper was  circulating
upon a false confidence reposed in that which was
valueless, whilst it ought only to circulate upon a
true confidence resting on Us real value.   As the truth
of this confidence is important, it would seem that
Government should do nothing to deceive the peo-
die in regard to it.
In making these efforts, Mr. Chairman,to measure
the effects of this bill, 1 have thrown out of view those
calculations which are based upon the supposition
of a surplus revenue. So far from being willing
to make provision for the annual accumulation
of a surplus revenue, it is, in my opinion, one of
the great recommendations of the measure, that it
will place the stock interests of the country against
this mischevious result. We shall have them
aiding instead of opposing us in our efforts to keep
down this dangerous tendency of our Government.
We have seen the corrupting effects of one sur-
plus: he must be mad who desires another. I might
have shown the estimate of ten millions to be
locked up the vaults of the Treasury was extrava-
gant, even when a surplus is accumulating. In-
asmuch as it was made by looking to the state-
ments of the surplus at the end of the last quarter,
always greater than any other during that period,
because unusual amounts were gathered to dis-
charge the national debt, then being paid off'. So
much then, for the operation of this bill upon the
banks, an operation so moderate, that I should
think it my duty, if it passed, to warn the people,
that it was far from being any thing like a thorough
reform in the system. So far as the general sys-
tem is concerned, the leading feature of reform m
the bill is this.- It 11111 relieve the General Govern-
ment from a dependence uron the banks; and
thus the State Legislatures may make sucn reform
as they may think just and temperate, without
embarrassing the General Government. The
banks, too, in this case, will be more responsible to
the people for beiiig independent of the action of
the General Government, they can never find in
that, either just or unjust excuses and causes of
complaint.
Let us now trace the operation of our banking
system upon the domestic commerce of the coun-
try, with and without this Government connection,
or, in other words, with and without this bill.
We find, in our early history, that some of the
eastern colonies commenced the system of paper
money by Government issues. The effect of this
issue, in the colony which commenced it, was to
raise the nominal price of commodities, within its
borders, beyond that which regulated the sale of
property without its limits. The consequence was,
that its neighbors were induced to sell their proper-
ty to its citizens at their enhanced prices, and ex-
changed it for their obligation to pay according to
this false standard. But when pay day arrived,
the colony which issued the paper found itself m
this predicament: If it paid the debt according to
promise, its own citizens would be ruined, because
they would pay for more than the consideration for
which they made the contract. On the other hand
it was impossible to ascertain the real consideration
received, as they had no means of measuring the
fluctuations of the paper standard by which they
promised to pay, and which too was constantly
changing; to pay the whole was ruinous to its
own citizens. It was impossible to ascertain the
precise amount in equity; and accordingly, as the
temptation to pay nothing was strong, so I believe
it usually resulted in point of fact.
Thus its neighbors we're defrauded of the pro-
perty given in exchange for this paper. When
our ancestors came out of the war of the Revolu.
tion, experience had given them a just perception
of these and many other evils of the paper system;
and accordingly they inserted in the new Constitu-
tion a provision to prevent the States from issuing
bills of credit. The States however evaded this
prohibition, by creating banks with the power to
issue paper money, upon principles which I have
before attempted to explain. If this Govern-
ment had not connected itself with their opera-
tions, the disease would perhaps have cured itself.
The natural laws of currency would have opera-
ted between the States. That which departed far-
thest from the specie standard, would have gone
in debt for the property of its neighbors, when its
price was high, and would have been forced to
pay for it when the price was low. The notes
which it issued would have circulated in other
States, but the property pledged for their
redemption would have been that of the State
which issued Ihem; so that when the .bubble burstr
ed by expansion, its neighbors would buy that pro-
perty at specie prices in payment of the debts con-
tracted to them for their own property sold at paper
money prices. One or two shocks of this sort
would have developed the nature of the system so
plainly, that probably the disease would have
cured itself. Instead ihen of seeing a contest be-
tween States, as to which should issue the most
paper, as has been the case, we should have seen
them contending for the nearest reduction of th°ir
paper to the ¡rue specie standard, But, Unfortu-
nately, the General Government intervened be-
tween the disease and its natural remedy. It un-
dertook to receive this paper in payment of public
dues; and these banks were made depositories of
the public funds when collected, with the privilege
of trading upon them. The use of Government
credit, mus offered to the banks, operated as a
bounty to those States within which public revenue
was collected to depreciate their currency. All
paper that was nominally convertible, was alike
endorsed by Government with thestamp of receiva-
bilny. And, accordingly, of these States, that which
expanded its currency most within the nominal li-
mits would usually enjoy the greater share of this
Governmentcredu. When the public funds loo were
once deposited in these banks, this irregularity was
apt to continue even in a period of suspension. For
some time even the suspension of specie pavments
did m ¡prevent their paper ft om being received. The
resolution of 1810, however, required (he paper to
be convertible before it could be received, but even
then we have seen that they oontinued to enjoy the
use of the Government funds upon depositó,
which are usually unequally distributed, and upoe
< which debt a long credit is' generally given them.
1 These were not the only mudes in wti'ich'this use
of Government credit operated as' a boamy to the
States to depreciate their currency. I thin! Thatre
\ demonstrated the truth that píper curréñciesWmi-
| nally convertible, may exist, arid yet be of uhequa l
I value, I have exhibited facts, too, wbiehseem to
show that this difference may be considerable not-
withstanding the nominal-convertibility of both. If
so, this use of Government credit operates as a
bounty to the States within the reach of foreign
trade to depreciate their currency as far as possible
within the limits to which I have just referred;
because this not only operates as a general di-
minution of the duties, but may reduce them
in the port where this currency circulates below
the value paid in the customs in other sections of
the country. If duties may be paid in different
States under our laws, in currencies of different
values, the effect is the same as if the discrimina-
tion had been made in the duties themselves. If
one or two States should gain this advantage over
the others in the beginning, it is very difficult to
rectify the inequality afterwards. Foreign trade
first concentrates there, and the domestic soon fol-
lows it.
The ends, therefore, attained by this bounty, so
far from operating as a general good, plainly tend
to a common evil; I mean the depreciation of the
currency. And how is this bounty distributed be-
tween the Slates'? The equitable rule (so far as
established by the practice of the Government) for
distributing public property, would seem to be the
ratio of representation. It occurred ;to me to look
to the actual division of these favors as between riiy
State and New York. The first period to which I
looked, was that at which Hamilton repealed,' by a
Treasury order, that law of the land which re-
quired public dues to be paid in specie. Under this
left-handed marriage, I found that the Virginia mer-
chant paid his duties in specie, (for we had no banks,)
whilst the New York merchant discharged his
with bank credit, which was nothing more than his
own, being based upon it. In addition to- this, a
large portion of the Federal revenue was dep.Os.ite4
in that city, to be used for purposes of private
trade, whilst no such facility was receiyed ia Vir-
ginia. The effect of this was soon made manifest.
According to McPherson's Annals of Commerce,
the foreign trade of Virginia and Maryland, out
and in, whilst they were colonies, was mote than
that of New York and New England together, and
yet in four years after this connection of Governs
ment with the banks, New York exported abroad
more than three times as much as Virginia. Of
the imports we have no account at this time.
The next period to whiph I adverted was during
the last Administration. I find by the report of fee
Secretary of the Treasury, in 1836, that at dne
time $10,278,000 were deposited in New York, and
only $358,230 in Virginia, so that whilst the repre-
sentation was as two to one, she shared the use of
Government funds about in the proportion of
twenty-eight to one. This last disproportion was
always great, although, of course, it varied at dif-
ferent times. And the end to be attained by this
unequal distribution of the bounty, is the .general
depreciation of the currency. But, Mr Chairman,
it has been said that we defeat our own ends, if we
succeed in showing the strong section that it is
profiting by this regulation, at the expense of the
weak. It is asked, can you expect them to give
up such an advantage? I reply that I should ex-'
pect it, even if I weie to fail in an appeal to their
justice and fraternal feeling. I should "expect it,
because, after all, they have a deeper interest in the
just administration of this Government, and in the
peace and harmony of the whole, than in any pre-
sent perversion of its powers to their temporary
benefit. In addition to tins, the action of the State
Governments alone would soon make it their inte-
rest to remodel their policy: other States would
extend their banking systems, so as to prevent any
from enjoying exclusive benefits from so selfish a
policy. In defence of their own commerce they
would do it; and in the end the shocks in the mone-
tary system woald succeed each other 50 xjtáíWf^
