June, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44i>
25th Cong*•••2nd Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Fatter.
H. of Reps.
On the Government and the people, the con-
sequences of this unnatural union of Federal
power with State institutions,- produced dangerous
results. A mean subserviency on the pait of many
of the conductors of these institutions to the Trea-
sury Department, is clearly evinced in the publish-
ed correspondence between them. A wide and
almost boundless range was given to the power
and patronage of the Executive—the, more fatal
■end dangerous became umeen and secret in its ope-
rations. Corrupting as such a Union was to the
spirit and genius of our institutions, it was no less
fatal in its consequences to the currency, the pros-
perity and the business of the country.
Two great explosions have overwhelmed the cur-
rency within the last twenty-five years; and. is it not
remarkable that on both occasions ihe occurrence
took place at periods when State banks were con-
nected with the fiscal operations of the Govern-
ment? The blighting influence of an irredeemable
and depreciated circulating medium warns us to
beware of this doubtful and dangerous remedy.
Experience has demonstrated to the most incredu-
lous, that there are radical defects in our bank cir-
culation, which can only be cured by an increase of
the specie circulation, and a reduction of the paper
medium. So long as the money of the people is
diverted from its constitutional purposes, and used
as capital by banking corporations to discount upon,
an occasional redundant circulation is inevitable.
A crisis in our national or commercial relations
produces a rapid contraction of this redundancy;
depreciation is the natural consequence; and the
evil is inflicted on the whole community. But the
effect upon the business of the country is still more
deleterious. A sound and stable currency fosters
and encourages industry; and an unsound one, at-
tended by constant fluctuations, prostrates the en-
terprise of the industrious and honest portion of
the community. Currency is the measure of value;
and that nation which places it under the control
of incorporated companies, surrenders the industry
and business of the country into their hands: they
raise the price of labor, and increase the price of
production and consumption at their own will and
pleasure; then, by a moment's operation, convulse
the value of all the products of the country, and
reduce the price of labor and property far below
the correct standard. It is, then, evident that a'
sound and stable currency would produce highly
beneficial results to the agricultural,manufacturing,
and commercial interests. It would give to the pro-
ducts of the farmer a certain and fair value, and
to the manufacturer a protection which would en-
able him to meet foreign competition, by manufac-
turing the article at a price which would authorize
him to sell as cheap, or cheaper, than the foreigner.
The interests of all would harmonise, and the pros-
perity of all be secured. As this stability and
uniformity of circulation is endangered by the
union of banks and State, ought the connection
to be renewed? I honestly believe that the
best interests of the people imperatively forbid
the reunion, which the banks themselves dissevered.
Come coolly and reason, while I briefly examine
the alternative measure. Calm delibe:ation and
reason should be the only guide in this investiga-
tion: appeals should not be made to prejudice, to
passion, or to party. Truth, and the attainment
of the best interests of our country, are the objects
fervently desired. The Constitution evidently con-
templated tlmt money should be raised from the people
for the purposes of supporting the Government, de-
fending the counUy, and increasing the prosperity and
happiness of the whole people, and for no other object
whatever. When the money of the people was col-
lected, it was to remain in the Treasury until
drawn out im virtue of appropriations made by lam.
So jealous were our ancestors, that, in the grant of
powers to the National Government, they confined
the power to the immediate representatives of the
people of originating appropriation bills. These
principles militate against the idea that it is right
or constitutional to give the money of the people to
corporations to loan out and bank upon; or, in other
words, to use it for the unauthorized purpose ofpri-
vat¡ gain. They accord in principle, on the other
hand, with the proposed plan of separation. By
tne provisions of the Constitution, Congress holds
29
the purse, and is entitled to the custody and safe-
keeping of the finances of the nation. The power
°f raising revenue, and directing its appropriation,
is vested in that body. The revenue is to be raised
and expended by authority of law. The agents
for collecting and disbursing, under the Constitu-
tion, are appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate; but when
appointed, they cannot raise or disburse one dollar
without the authority of (aw. A just regard to con-
stitutional injunction, and an exalted patriotism,
demands '-hat the National Treasury, with over-
flowing means, should not be exposed to bankruptcy
by the vicissitudes of banking and commercial fluctua-
tions. Pledged to no peculiar plan or bill to effec-
tuate the object of separation, I am disposed to
anxiously inquire and deliberate carefully upon the
details, so as to secure the least possible injury in
the process, and to accommodate the return to the
early and approved policy of the Government, to
the existing siiuation of the currency and circu-
lating medium of the country. Party prejudice,
united with an avaricious feeling on the part of
bankers and speculators, have left no effort untried
to assail, with a ferocious spirit, the plan of an
independent Treasury. By some it is attacked as
the creation of a'great Government bank. This is the
most unfounded of all the attempts which have
been made to prejudice the public mind. Under
the provisions of the bill reported in the Senate, as
well as that under discussion, less power is con-
ferred upon the Secretary of the Treasury over the
public funds than what he has possessed since the
origin of the Government, and no more than what
he must exercise under any system. He has al-
ways paid the public creditors by Treasury drafts,
and always must pay them in this manner. When-
ever greater accumulations of revenue arise at any
one place than are required for expéndalos at
that point, he must, and always ha? had t>¡e power
of transferring the surplus lo piace^ where it is
wanted. Such, and no greater, are the powers
conferred by the provisions oi the bill; yet it is
said that the holders of these Treasury drafts or
warrants may endorse them over to third persons,
and thus render them negotiable, and that these
drafts will constitute the paper currency of the Go-
vernment bank. This pretext is at once annihilated
by the provision requiring these drafts to be
promptly presented' and paid, so that they cannot
continue in circulation, and form a part of the cir-
culating medium of the country. Compare the
limited powers proposed to be vested in the Secre-
tary of the Treasury with those which a connec-
tion with a league of combined banks would give.
The league would consist of State banks, retaining
all the powers conferred,by their charters. In ad-
dition, you secure to them the use of the public de-
posites, to be discounted upon, and used as an in-
crease of capital. You give them unlimited ciedit
by the reception of their notes as gold and silver
in payment of the public dues. You consolidate,
organise, and blend the interests and capital of the
selected aud united banks into one great whole;
and as the central power, you place that whole un-
der the supervision of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury. One mind, one poicerful will, would direct and
control ihe operations of this central pnotr, to which
the currency, the business, und the property of  the
country, had been surrendered. Would not this create
a bank?—a Government bank, under Executive
control, which might end in despotism?
Again: it is alleged that the Independent Trea-
sury plan extends and enlarges Executive patron-
age. To make the comparison between that and
the deposite bank system on this point, analyze and
compare the provisions of the biil. By it there are
four public receivers to be appointed, by and whh
the consent of the Senate, whose united salaries
will amount to about twelve thousand five hundred
dollars; and] ten clerks, whose salaries will average
about twelve thousand dollars; aud these, together
with such visiters as may be occasionally appointed
to count the money, and examine the accounts of
the different depositories are all the acidtiton to the
Executive patronage. How trifling in comparison
with all that immense influence, which is aban-
doned by dissevering the corrupt and corrupting
influence of a connection with selected deposite
banks! In them are united all the elements of
power; immense capital, controlled by a central in-
fluence, and blended and united with the Execu-
tive, so as to constitute a mighty mass, portending
danger and ruin to republican liberty. View the
number of persons who are liable to be affected by
banking influence, the power they possess' in the
community, and the extent of control that, may be
exercised over them, and the most sceptical will.be
convinced that the deposite system combines the ele-
ments of political poioer in a much more eminent de-
gree than the alternative plan. In addition to the
officers how in service, say twenty-five of the most
powerful banks are to be selected. Th-3 officers
and stockholders of these institutions are directly
interested in their prosperity, and, of course, as
their peculiar interests are embarked in a common
bottom with the Executive who selected the bank:-,
they would sustain him. These, in tlr? aggregate,
at#a fair compulation, number two thousand five
hundred persons—the most influential in the com-
munity, with numbers dependent on them for
favors and accommodation. Admit that the twenty-
ftve or thirty individuals appointed to office under
the Independent Treasury system ere equal in cha-
racter and respectability to an equal number of the
officers and stockholders of banks, yet how much
less influence do they possess, and how small their
means of exercising control over public opinion, in
comparison with that of use others. How immea-
surably is this power increased, when you view
American banking as one great system, extending
throughout the broad limits of the land, and num-
bering upwards of eight hundred and twenty banks,
wielding a capital of hundreds of millions, and pos-
sessing an influence, either directly or indirectly,
over rear pne million of persons. What a stand-
ing army of frier ds and partisans could an Execu-
tive Magistrate rally around him, when closely
allied to, and united with, this great system! The
State bank deposite system, by placing the selected
banks at its head, under the control of the Secretary
of the Treasury, would constitute that dangerous
combination.
It is further objected that the public money
would not be safe under the Independent Treasury
scheme. The officers wouldbe under he'ivy bonds for
a faithful discharge of their trusts, and wcxdi, h: <«/-
dition, be subject lo fine and iinprismtment for ruing
or lending the public money for any private purpose
whatever. Does the fact that they are officer  of the
Government render them dishonest and corrupt,
and that if they were bank officers, they would be
transmuted into trustworthy aad honorable men?
Every dollar of revenue has heretofore passed
through the hands of two sets of public officers.
Collecting officers first receive the money; it is in
their hands untd deposited with the selected depo-
sitory. The disbursing officers pay out the public
money; and it is in their hands from the time it is
withdrawn from the depository until it is paid to
the party entitled to receive it. These are Execu-
tive officers. The banks, as depositories, from the
recent report of the Secretary of-the Treasury, have
caused greater lisses to the Government than have
arisen from both these classes of Executive officers.
Experience, from the origin of the Government,
repels the al'egation.
But it is objected that the plan assails cretin, and
alms a fata! blow at the hanks. What right ha*, c
the State banks to the custody of the public money?
An individual who wculdset up a claim to be mude
the depositary of the public money, for the avowed
and ^express purpose of loaning it cut, at an inte-
rest, for his private advantage, would be laughed to
scorn. Yet erare claims are set up in favor of a
number Of individuals associated by charter, and
who enjoy high privileges uuler their charier?, to
the use of the public money. Have corporations
greater rights than individuals? With great respect
for the opinions of others, i hold the reverse of this
position. If the banks have no vetted right to the
public funds, it certainly is not sitacking them to
withhold from them the possession of that which
they have no right to claim. But it is said that ihe
refusal to receive their issues and notes m the pay-
ment of public dues is an assault on their credit.
The Constitution only recognises the precious me-
tals as currency; no creditor can be compelled to
