Itttté, 1858.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
25th Cong—2nd Sess.
Public Finances—Mr. Cambreleng.
H. of Reps.
THE PUBLIC FINANCES.
REMARKS OF MR. CAMBRELENG,
Of New Yobk.
In the House of RfreserUahves, June, 1838—On the
bill to modify and repeal certain provisions of
the deposite act of June, 1836.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said that, at an earlier
period of the session, he would have moved to re-
fer the bill to the Committee of Ways and Means
He should have preferred adding some of the salu-
tary provisions of the Sub-Treasury bill, restricting
public officers, prescribing their duties, and pro-
tecting the revenue by additional guards    But the
mere proposition of any of the sections of that bill,
he was sure, would alarm gentlemen, and produce
debate, and there was no time now to hear denun-
ciations or discuss amendment";
He thought the bill ought to be acceptable to
both sides of the House. The first section re-
moved the restriction in the act of 1836, on the re-
ceipt of the notes of banks issuing notes of a less
denomination than five dollars since the 4th of
July, 1836, and placed the banks which had re-
sumed specie pa>ments on a footing with the Bank
ef the United States and other banks which had
resisted the resumption. The second section pro-
posed to repeal the provisions of the same act,
establishing the State bank deposite system, which
liad been, so far as that system was concerned,
rvidered mere nullities by the general suspension
of specie payment', which event brought into ope-
ration other provisions of that act, the last of
which placed the public monej m the keeping of
the Treasurer of the United States, according to
the act of 1789
He was at a loss to discover «hat part of the
deposite act of June, 1836, worth struggling Ajr or
against, remained to produce so much excitement
on either side. The law prohibits the Secretary
from employing almost every bank m the Union,
and whether the State bank deposite provisions are
repealed or not, the effect will be essentially the
same. The first section makes it "the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to select, as soon as may
be practicable, and employ as the depositories of
the money of the United S'ates, such of the banks
incorporated by the several States, by Congress for
the District of Columbia, or by the Legislative
Councils of the respective Territories for those
Territories, as may be located at, adjacent or con-
venient to, the point  or places at which the reve-
nues may be collected or disbursed," etc.
The banks then employed were to be continued
as depositaries. Once employed, the Secretary was
not authorized to discontinue them as. depositories,
or to withdraw the public money from their keep-
ing, unless, as is provided for in the eighth section,
"any one of said banks hall fail or refuse to per-
form any of said duties as prescribed by this act,
and stipulated to be performed by its contract, or
if any of satii banks shall at any lime refuse to pay its
ou>  notes in specie if demanded, or shall fail to keep
in its vaults such an amount of specie as shall be
required by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
shall be, m his opinion, necessary to render the said
bank a safe depository of the public moneys, hav-
ing due regard to the nature of the business tians-
acted by the bank "
This case unexpectedly occurred in May, 1837,
and this section further and expressly provides that
' in any and every such case, it shall be the duly of
the Secretary of the Treasury to discontinue any such
bank as a depository, and wilMi aw fi oni it the public
moneys which it may hold on deposite at the time
of such discontinuance And m case of the dis-
continuance of any of said banks, it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasmy to report to
Congress immediately, if in session, and if not in
session, then at the commencement of its next ses
sion, the facts and reasons which have induced
such discontinuance "
The late deposite banks have forfeited their right
to be employed as depositories of the public money
The Secretary has discontinued them as such, and,
in September last, reportedjo Congress. His autho-
rity under this act, as it respects these banks, is
exhausted.   The power has rUurned to the source
from whence it was dented—the Congress of the
United States, and it now rests with that branch
of the Government to determine what measures, if
any at al!, shall be adopted in regard to them.
There is no provision whatever in the Deposite act
of 1836, which authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to employ again any such bank, under that
act, as a depository of the public money. Its re-
peal cannot, therefore, in any manner affect the late
deposite banks.
Far from being authorized to employ, under
this act, these banks, the same section provides
that, "m case of the discontinuance of any of said
banks as a place of deposite of the public money
for any of ihe causes hereinbefore provided, U shall
be lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury to deposite
the money thus withdrawn m some other bank of de-
posite aheaiy selected, or to select some other bank asa
place of deposite, upon the terms and conditions pre-
scribed by this act." The condition of the banks ot
this country rendered this provision a nullity. The
Secretary found it impracticable to execute the law
and place the money in other banks of deposite, for
the fifth section of the same act expressly prohibited
him from selecting or continuing any bank "as a
place of deposite of the public money which shall
not i cdeem Us notes and bills, on demand, in specie,"
or "which shall, after the 4th of July, m the year one
thousand -eight hundred and thirty-six, time or pay out
any note or bdl of a less denomination than five dol-
lars."
These two provisions excluded every bank in the
United States from Canada to Texas, or the At-
lantic and Gulf of Mexico, and especially at all
the great points where our revenue was collected
A bank or tv o in the interior, and a few savings
banks, may have escaped the prohibition It would,
however, be difficult to find m any State in the
Union any bank, though it may not have suspend-
ed specie payment^ jqSue<l notes or bills under five
dollars, or may not have been a bank of issje at
all, which did not " pay out" during the suspen-
sion, the notes or bills of other banks or corpora-
tions of a less denomination than five dollars. The
Secretary of the Treasury is consequently, by these
restrictions, prohibited from employing almost
every bank m the Union, and it is not easy to per-
ceive what interest they have m resisting the pro-
posed repeal of the deposite act of 1836.
But, sir, I have now to refer to another, and by
far the most important, provision of the act of
1836, especially as it regard* the power of the Se-
cretary of the Treasury ov er the public money, and
the employment hereafter of any bank not already
employed under the provisions of that act. Under
the provisions already referred to, the Secretary
was authorized to select deposite banks, to dis-
continue them, to report to Congress his reasons
for such discontinuance, and to place the public
money in other banks The e duties have all been
discharged except the last, ard that was wholly
impracticable. Here the power of the Secretary
of the Treasury under the act of June, 1836, was
exhausted. Another provision, being the last
clause of the eighth and same section, took effect,
and transferred the keeping of the public money tu
the Treasuier of the United Stales m the following
words
"In default of any bank to receive such depo*'e,
the money thus nithdra«n shall be kept by the Trca-
swer of th; United S'ates accoidmg to the laws now
m foice, and shall be subject to be disbwsed accoulng
to law "
This provision of the act of 1836 has been
executed, the public money is. in the cu^todi
of the Treasurer "according to the laws now
in force," and is "disbursed accoidm!  to law "
Such ia the end of the depocite act of 1836, so
far as it regards the powei of the Secretan' of
the Treasury to employ State banks, under that act,
as depositories of the public monej The act of
1789, the foundation of the Sub-Treasury system of
collecting, keeping, and disbursing the public reve-
nue, is revived and confirmed by the act of 1836,
and until Congress repeals that provision, and the
act of 1789, they must remain the liw of ihe land
The power of the Secretary of the Treasury relates
to the "collection," not to the '' keeping," of the
public money, which is given, by the act of 1789,
jo the Treasurer. That act became the law m
1837, when the provision referred to took effect
and the Secretary has no power to set it aside. He
cannot, by mere construction, undo what has been
done according to law, and take the public money
from the keeping of the Treasurer of the United
States, deposite it with banks, and revive the State
bank deposite system. This power no .v rests ex-
clusively with Congress. If banks are hereaftet
to be employed for any purpose, the authority must
be found in the several powers given under acts
which were in force prior to the existence of the de-
posite law of 1836 This is, and must remain, the
law of the land, and no " lamentaUons here or else-
where," to exciie alarms for party purposes, can
change it. It depends upon no veto, nor m any
manner upon the will of the President or of the Se-
cretary oi the Treasury They are bound to ex-
ecute the law, and dare not d'sobey it The Sub-
Treasury, or the collecuon, keepmsr, an' disourse-
ment of the public money by our ov n ofiicer-,
must continue, till our existing laws are modified
or repealed.
What prospect is there of any modification of our
financial laws—of oír concurrei.ee m any new
plan for collecting, keeping, and d sbu"smg the
public revenue"! None, sir. The two Ifojses art,
at variance, and a majority even here cannot agr<-e
on any plan whatever. The Nat onal Bank, State
bank, and speeial deposite systems have been each
and all rejected The Sub-Treasury is undoubtedly
the strongest measuTe here and abroad. Whenever
and wherever an i«sue may be made between that
and any one of the various plans proposed, it will
be nlum&tely triumphant There is, however, out
one issue between parties, and that js, w ne n°r r e
shall employ agents who hold tneir offices un 'er
the authority of, and are respons,b'e to, the peopie,
or others, responsible alone to stockholders from
whom tney derive their appointments, whether our
public men ey shall be devoted to pub'ic use, oi
surrendered to banks to add to their profits and em-
barrass trade The issue is now, as it %s b°en,
and will be, whether we sha'l confide n ? G"T ern-
ment of our own choice, or submit the admmis ra-
tion of our affairs to the dominion of a National
Bank
Until this great issue is decided, we must hiv t
some system, and as ¡we cannot concur m the pnn
ciples or deiaiis of any other plan, we must submit
to the laws as they are    By the failure of the
State bank deposite ystem, and the nullification oí
that law, we have ieturned to  the constitutional
point from whence we started, and all that is now
required, are judicious laws for regulating the duties
of our public officers, and more perfectly guarding
our revenue    Whether the deposite poruon of ¡b< 
act of 1836 be or be net íepealed, is not mate>i«l
The only important provision  now m  exi-tence
and which has superseded the others, is the last
c'ause oí the 8th section of the act, «Inch puts
aside banks as tne keepers add disoursers oi the
public money, and, dropping a'l futaie intervention
of ths Secretary of the Treasurj under 'hat act, ex-
pressly directs that the public money "shall be k^pt
by the Treasurer of the United States accoidm  '->
the laws now [then] in force, &r¿ shall be ^A cc
tobe  disL ui sed according iú law ''    lithe i   O
sections «ere repealed, the reven is would be c
lected, kept, and d sbursed "according to  the    \
in tores" piior to 'he passage of the depone ^ i
and if they are not repealed, the same xavv^ ai.    i
opei ation
The   act of 1836 clothes the Secretan o     <
Treasurj vv >th no authority  to rev    e    b  ^w
thin proposed     His powers aie mc^cid rd        t, i
act, he has discharged his duties  ji del i   and ex-
hausted his authority     He car ot  evu^e V las-
condition of that act, nor c^n he irv ve it  pro\¡
sions without new and express aut ontv liomCon
gress     Ii these prov ísions are not superceded and
extinguished, that officer vvov'd  al this rnompi
possess exlraordmai y powers     Bv th firs'section
of the aet, it is made the dutv oí the Secre'a*   n
select banks ' adjacent or conven.ent to th   >">   nt
or places at which the revenues ,ja>  be cc"cce('
or disbursed, and  in those S'ates, Ttrr ¡u i s i
Districts in which  there are no banks, (_<• ,, %,   c<
no bank can be  employed as a depo'ik lank   vnt
