June  1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
25th Cong"--2\d Sjsss.
Deposite Act of 1836—Mr. Niks, Sevier.
Senate.
advocates of three different plans, and neither can
obtain a majority. The country is probably in
about the same situation. What, then, is to be
done? Why, things must remain as they are; we
must fall back upon former laws, upon the act of
1789, and the joint resolution of 1816. The act of
1836 has become obsolete, it cannot be brought
fairly into operation without additional legislation
It has beceme so partial and unequal that it cannot
be regarded as a law in force. But it is said we
can make it complete by further legislation. So
we could adopt either of the schemes which the
great body of Congress piefer, by further legisla-
tion. But the difficulty is, a majority will not
unite in favor of either of the three schemes. As
long as this is the case, what other course is there
but to fall back on the ancient laws?
It is argued, that because Congress has not been
able to pass the Independent Treasury b.11, or to
establish a National Bank, it has therefore decided
that the deposite bank scheme shall remain for the
present. This is entire'y incoirect. A very large
majority of both branches of Congiess, it is evident
from their votes, are opposed to that plan. It has
but few supporters in either House Is it right,
then, that it should be revived, when it requires an
act of Congress to give it life? Did it appear that
there was a majority of Congress in favor of the
principle of the act of 1836, there would be some
grounds for saying that the impediment which has
arisen, ought to be removed, so as to carry out the
principle. But such is not the case. The true
state of things is, that Congress cannot agree in re-
lation to either of the three schemes, and that the
State deposite plan is much the weakest of the
three. Under these circumstances, is it not proper
to fall back upon the act of 1789"! And what objec-
tion is there to this' Cannot the finances be safely
conducted under the authority of that act? Were
they not so conducted from the foundation of the
Government down to 1816?
But we are told that this will be placing them m
the hands of the Executive, without law, that they
■will be subject to no other regulation or control,
bot Executive discretion. The Senator from Ken-
tucky, [JVlr. Clay,] asks whether we are prepared
to take the revenues out of the custody of the law,
and place them in the aands of the Executive
without law? He already begins to sound the
tocsin of alarm aboat Executive discretion He,
Mr. N. did not think the country would be alarm-
ed at the cry of Executive discretion. It was an
alarm note, which they had often heard within a
few years; and if it ever carried terror with it, he
believed that day was past. Is Executive discre-
tion more alarming now than when Hamilton was
at ih  head of the Treasur}? This was no new
discretion, no new scheme, it was as eld as the Go-
vernment. This discretion in the management of
the finances had existed from the origin of the Go-
vernment, until 1816, and even after thai, a discre-
tion existed in the Executive, to remove the public
funds from the Bank of the United Stales—a discre-
tion which was exercised in 1834, and justified by
the nation. A law under which the finances had
been managed during the greater period of the ex-
istence of the Government, without occasioning
complaint, he did not think conferred on the Exe-
cutive any alarming discretion For one or two
years at least, the revenue will not exceed, if it is
equal to the expenditure, so that there will be no
occasion for special legal enactments, in regard to
depositing it any where. It will be safe in the
hands of the Treasurer, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury. Under the circum-
stances in which we are placed, the deposite act of
1836, being deranged, disjointed, and partial in its
operation, he thought the better course was to re-
peal it, and rest upon the act of 1789, and the joint
resolution of 1816.
St, said Mr. N. before taking my seat, I must
notice some personal remarks of the Senatwr from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] which I heard with sur-
prise, as I had supposed ihat the account between
him and myself was balanced, at least for the pre-
sent sess'on. He has, however, seen fit to open it,
under circumstances somewhat unexpected; and it
remains for me to endeavor to balance it again In
allusion to the comment I made yesterday upon the
remark of his, that the Sub-Treasury bill was
someihing more than dead, that it was thrice dead,
the Senator says there was nothing extraordinary
m the remark, although it may have appeared so
to me, because I am myself dead, bat not sentible
of it. I suppose he means dead in a political sense.
It might be so, but unless Providence should order
otherwise, he thought that about the year 1840, the
Senator would find that he [Mr. N.] wasstill alive,
and kicking. If, however, it should prove that he
was politically dead, time would show that he had
only gone m advance of others, as he was quite
sure that in 1840 he should have the honorable Se-
nator's company. Ha did not know what connec-
tion there was between the announcement the Sena-
tor had now made, and an occurrence which took
place last night. He alluded to a sort of mock
funeral procession, got up, he supposed, by some
of the Senator's friends of the " decency party,"
and intended as a burial of all his enemies. How
far this had reference to himself he could not say;
but as the Senator had announced his death, he
supposed he must be one who was interred with the
Sub-Treasury bill The proceeding was certainly
very creditable to the Whig party, and proved their
claims to all the " decency "
Not content with his death and burial, with such
high honors, the Senator had volunteered to write
his epitaph, which did pretty fair justice to his
memory. He saw no special reason to complain
of it; indeed it had laid him under an obligation to
the Senator, which he would endeavor to satufy on
the spot, and in kind. It speaks of my having been
postmaster at Hartford, of being translated from
thence to the Senate, of having, during my brief
caieer here, discharged my duties with distinguished
ability, particularly in supporting the Sub-Treasu-
ry bill; of having read an able argument against
the right of instruction; and finally of being voted
o\t by the Whig Legislatuie of ivy State This
was all very well, he saw nothing to except to it.
His public life was so short and humble, that all
his deeds might be summed up m the brevity of an
epitaph It was not so with the Senator; his long
and distinguished career would require something
more than an epifaph ; it would occupy an ample
space in history; and he really hoped he would be
so fortunate as to have his great deeds recorded by
a p n worthy of so illustrious a subject. His
posfhuirous fame, he hoped, wi jld fare better than
his living merit, which had suffered wme by fall-
ing into the hinds of a bunglei, who, in the ex-
travagance of his panrgync, made the faults of his
horo the moie conspicuous.
Mr. N. said he onsd the Senator something more
than an epi aph, and would honor him with a brief
biographical notice of his public life. The hono-
rable Senator commenced his career early, and its
dawn was illumined by bright hoprs and noble as-
pirations. Like other as-pirants for power, his early
Ufe was distinguished by an ardent love for the peo-
ple, and strong professions of devo ion to popular
rights. He vas a Democrat of full blood; a Jefier-
sonian Democrat, a strict constructionist, a believer
in the right of instruction, a friend of economy, and
a mortal enemy of a National Bank and all aristo-
cratic institutions He talked loud and eloquently
about the rights of the people and the rights of the
States, and denounced the Federalists and all their
works
But notwithstanding all this zeal and love for the
people, it would seem that there was at the bottom
a little love for self, as we are informed by a dis-
tinguished but eccentric statesman of the Old Do-
minion, now no more, that the moment he entered
the halK of Congress, he fixed his eyes upon a cer-
tain whi'e house m this city, which appears to have
had a peculiar fascination upon his mind This
early sentiment soon became a ruling passion, and
"grew with its growth, and strengthened with its
strength." This supreme object of the Senator' 
ambition has been a sort of ignu fahius, which has
led him on from point to point, from one measure
to another, through political bogs and quagm ras,
but it he has sometimes sunk into the mud, he has
hitherto had the good fortune to get out and on to
his feet once more. The pursuit of this darling
object has led him to mount, booted and spurred,
numerous political hobb'es, all of which he rode
very hard, and all of which he rode down, without
reaching the object of his pursuit. A high tunff,
the American system, internal improvements, and
the Bank of the United States—all these have been
rode down and broken down; but the latter, having
the most bottom, the Senator has mounted again,
andis now riding as furiously, and with as sanguine
hopes of success, as at first
With his eye steadily fixed on his object, and
never for a moment withdrawn, the Senator watch-
ed the progress of events, and waited rather im-
patiently, the movements of the troubled waters of
politics; the derangement of parties in 1824, was
thought to present a favorable opportunity. The
Senator entered upon the Presidential course, wit1!
high hopes and sanguine expectations The resnl',
however, showed that vaulting ambition had over-
stepped the bounds of probability, as* he ^as not
only beaten, but distanced, and driven off tie cot rse
the first heat. But although beaten him elf, and
thrown out, he was still placed in a favoraote posi-
tion, and in regard to the election m the House of
Representatives was generally supposed to have
the game in his o,vi hands And here there is
one point of resembl mee m the Senator's life and
my own, as he has described it. He says I have
made an able argument against the right of instruc-
tion. If I have made an argument, he has done
much more; he has furnished an example; and hew-
ever able the Senator might regard his (Mr. N's)
argument, he was very sensible that its weight and
influence would be trifling, compared with the
conspicuous example of the Senator. His State
had instructed him to vote for the Western candi-
date, but overruling their decision, he voted for
the Eastern candidate, and threw himself into the
"line of safe precedents." In his new posittcn,
and with his new assocnte, having postponed in-
definitely tlv "deferred question oí veracity,"he
strugg'ed manfully, but unavaihngly, for four
j ears, against the strong current of public opinion.
This s'ruggle terminated in the memorable contest
of 1828, in which the Senator d*d not, it is true,
take the field in his own person, but as a political
partner with his Eastern associate, a sort of joint
stock concern of ride add ti«, in which each put
m an equal moiely of the st >ck in trade, with an
understanding that they vere to divide the profits.
But Old Hickory had too much capital for the
firm, which failed, and of course had no profits to
div ide.
But not discouraged by these two defeats, the
Senator never for a moment abandoned hi  object,
but immediately commenced rallying his broken
and scattered ferces all over the country for another
contest This came on in 1832, when he again
to^k the field, aided by a powerful ally, the Bank
of the United States, against the most heroic and
powerful captain of the age. The conflict was
tremendous, although at no time doubtful. The
Senator and his Bank allies were beaten, routed,
and driven from the field, with the loss of bag and
baggage.
Well, now, Mi President, if it is true, as the
S na*or says, that i am po'mcally dead, I have an
example in his own ca^e that a politician may be
dead and jet be ahve He has been killed off
three times, and yet we find him alive and at his
post, strugclmg as manfully as eter in pursuit of
the same high pr.ze At no former period, per-
haps, has he ha4 such high "hopes and expectations,
or deemed hib prospects so bright To his eye the
horizon appears perfectly clear, with scarcely a
cloud to obstruct his vision H's old Bank allies
are still with him, more ardent m tne contest than
ever. After a long struggle of thirty years, he
seems to suppose that the golden prize is nearly
within his reach Fearirg the consequences of a
fourth disappointment, I have on several occasions
heretofore warned him not to be too sanguine, and
have reminded him that appearances are often
deceitful, and that puM'c opinion is at all times
extremely uns'able I have ttld him that recent
changes had been the result cf a panic and pecu-
niary difficulties, brought upon the country by the
banks, and that they would, in all probability, be
as ¡ransuory as 'he causes which had pro diced
them. But I do not suppose my advice will bs
heeded, although given m ¡h,e most friendly spirit,
