462
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOpE.
itt
25th Cok«g-"-2nd Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Duncan.
H. <Jf ]&i$s.
contemplates the increase of four principal officers,
■whose duty it shall be to receive the public mo-
neys; (this duty is now performed by Executive
officers;) and perhaps six subaltern officers, stich as
clerks. It is possible there may be an increase of
ten or twelve Executive officers, added to ten thou-
sand that now exist; (a mere drop in the Ohio.)
And what does the bill provide as an oflset to this
increase of Executive officers'? Why, sir, it places
the Government revenue beyond the control of the
Executive influence, strips him of all power to ex-
ercise an undue influence over the banks or any
other corporate institutions or private individuals,
py means of the public revenue.
But the enemies of this Administration say that
this Independent Treasury scheme is an attempt
secretly to establish a Government Bank. This
is not the fact, nor are those who make the charge
sincere. If they thought so, they would sustain the
measure to a man; for a Government Bank is the
watchword with them. Every local interest, and
every general interest too, is made to yield to the
establishment of a National Bank with them.
What is a bank, sir? My experience teaches me
that it is an office of discount and deposite. It has
stockholder , directors, a president, a cashier, and
tellers. It discounts its paper, that is, its promises
to pay, on the silver and gold in its vaults. Some-
times it discounts without either gold or silver. It
receives money in deposite, and discounts upon its
deposites. It deals in exchanges, that is, it buys
and sells bilis of exchange. It grants credits on its
books, and transfers the amount of credit from one
merchant to another. It buys and sells stocks.
These are attributes and functions of a bank.
Now will any gentleman here point to me any one
of these powers as connected or belonging to the
bill establishing the Independent Treasury, though
all are necessary to make it a Government Bank,
or bank of any kind; and, until that is done, I will
hope to hear no charge-of this kind against this
measure.
. Some of the enemies of this Administration say
that the attempt to establish an Independent Trea-
sury is an attack upon the whole credit system.
Sir, I repel the charge, and repudiate it as 1 would
the attempt, let it be made by whom or by what
party it may. I know no better method of regu-
lating the credit system, than by the check which
the collection of the Government revenues in gold
and silver would establish. The great objections
of the Democratic party to banks, grow out of their
hostility to the establishment of institutions that
have for their object inequality of privileges; but
in addition to this general objection, (which has
its origin in the Constitution and in the nature of
our Government,) they object to banks, because
the currency of the country is made unsteady. By
the fluctuations of the currency, all pursuits in life
are made uncertain, and the whole credit system
made as unsteady and as uncertain as April wea-
ther. To-day, a man may be worth §50,000 in
paper prices; he may owe $10,000 in paper con-
tracts. To-morrow, the credit of the paper system
may be blasted, and it may take the man's §50,000
to pay the §10,000 which he owed. Hundreds and
thousands of instances of this character can be pro-
duced, where men, who, by industry and economy,
have laid up what they supposed would be a com-
petent living for themselves in the afternoon of
life, have, by the destruction of credit and the con-
sequent downfall of property, been reduced, in ten
short days, from supposed affluence to poverty and
wretchedness. There are none of us who have
reached the meridian of life, 's.ut have seen more
than one period of universal destruction of credit,
confidence, trade, and commerce; and it is the na-
ture of unrestrained banking to produce periodical
prostration and ruin, with all the effects of poverty
and its train of evils, such as the loss of private
and public confidence, and the destruction of every
moral and social feeling that constitutes the ties of
society and civilization. The evil does not consist
ia banking or the credit system; it consists in the
unrestrained exercise of the banking powers and
the improper and imprudent issues of paper monpy.
In proportion to the increase of circulating me-
dium, whether of gold or silver, so will the
price of every marketable commodity, sis well
of personal as of real property,   increase.    If
there are five dollars  in   paper   in   circulation
to   one  in  specie   for  the  redemption   of that
paper, so  long as  it has  credit, and  the confi-
dence of those who receive it and pay  it out, pro-
perty of every description will be estimated in pro-
portion to the amount of paper actually in circula-
tion.   Purchases are made, and debts contracted,
all with reference to the fictitious value. When the
time comes that this paper must be redeemed—that
is, when the people begin to lose confidence in the
ability of the banks to redeem, or a demand comes
from abroad for the liquidation of our commercial
debts, which must be paid in gold and silver, bank
paper having no circulation or credit abroad—then
it is the banks are compelled to stop  issuing, con-
tract their credits, call in their debts, and generally
shut up shop;  that is, stop specie payments.   Mo-
ney, by this operation, becomes scarce; property
falls in value to the specie basis; debts which were
contracted in paper  times must be paid in specie,
the effect of which is to compel the debtor to pay
to the creditor five dollars for every one he really
owes him, or for which he ever received considera-
tion.   When the paper balloon was inflated to the
extent of its capacity and elasticity, large contracts
were made for real estate, merchandise,  or com-
merce, and half the price paid down.    Now the
paper balloon has burst, the price of property has
fallen  four-fifths.    The consequence is, thai the
money advanced upon the real estate, merchandise,
or commerce, is lost to the purchaser, and the pro-
perty will not sell for more than half as much as
will pay the balance which is due on it.    This is
the financial operation  by which thousands of as
honest and industrious citizens as ever adorned any
country, or any society, are brought to sudden and
unexpected  poverty and ruin, by circumstances
and operations  over  which they have mo control.
And these are some of the effects produced by unre-
strained banking.    1 stated that this state of pecu-
niary rnin—which, ever since the introduction of
the banking system, as now  conducted, has pro-
duced  periodically—may be    brought about  by
foreign  demands for specie, and generally is.    I
will tell you how it is;  and  to  illustrate it more
clearly, I will confine illustrations to the operations
of a single bank, but which will, and does, apply to
all.   Supposing a bank is authorized with a capi-
tal of §500,000: the requisite number of instalments
is paid in; the bank commences operations; dis-
counts paper on the specie paid in oa its stock
shares; deposites are made in it; it discounts on its
deposites; and its paper, now spread far and wide,
has become the circulating medium of the country,
lis piper answers all the purposes of domestic ex-
change and consumption. Prices rise in proportion
to the quantity of paper in circulation, but the
credit and circulation  of the   paper being  con-
fined to  its own country,  the price of our pro-
duce is not  raised   abroad; foreign   produce  is
invited here, while our produce   bexrs  so   high
a price at home, that  it will not admit of exporta-
tion.    The consequence is,  that our specie must
be taken out of the country, or exported, to pay for
our own  importations.    This produces a constant
flow of the precious metals from our country, and
no return.   This operation  is  made more fatal by
the contracts of foreign  and domestic debts con-
tracted in the course of commercial trade.    Ex-
changes are now against us; the balances must be
paid.    The commercial or importing merchants are
called upon to pay their foreign debts in hard coin;
they, in turn, are compelled to call upon their cus-
tomers, the country  merchants; and the country
mershants are compelled to call upon their cus-
tomers, the people, and the people upon ¡heir debt-
ors and the banks.   Then the calamities  begin
which I have before described; and this develop-
ment accounts for the causes of all the difficulties
that this country, this people, and this Government,
have suffered for the last year in their commercial
and financial affairs, although the whole blame, for
political effect, is laid at the feet of the Administra-
tion.   I have said all those pecuniary and com-
mercial difficulties grew out of unrestrained bank-
ing.   It is true, and there are other difficulties
which I have not named, nor have I time to name
them.   I will name one; when money is made
plenty, and prices -are thereby made high, great
inducements are held out to all classes to. engage
in speculations. The carpenter's bench, the ¡atoe.
maker's, seat, and the tailor's board, are robbed;
the anvil is deserted, "and the plough is left to.rhst
in the half-finished furrow;" all by the allurjtag
prospects which a bloated paper currency hofljs put
to make fortunes suddenly by speculation. The
more honorable, but slow, methods of jnafciag a
living by honest industry and useful employg^nt,
are given up for speculating pursuits, apVuf.which
more than two-thirds of those who engjge "i¿-"tftem
know nothing.                                   '"    •   -
Soon after I arrived here at the extra session
last summer, I visited the port of Alexandria.   I
became acquainted with the Danish Consul, who
invited me on  board   a  ship  which w&s then
in port.    On being introduced to the captain, I
asked him where he was from.   His answer was,
from Prussia.    What  is your lading?   Wh¿at.
I felt  surprised that wheat  should be iinported
between four or five thousand miles aeross a bois-
terous and tempestuous ocean, with all the risk
of the sea, from a frozen and sterile country be-
tween the 55th and 60th degree of north latitude,
and a land of despotism, to this fertile and mild
climate and land of liberty, which is proverbially
all over the world an" agricultural country.   I was
so much surprised, that I was induced to inquire
what he paid for his wheat in Prussia, and think
he said |l 25 per bushel.   What do you get for
it here?   §1 75.   What do you pay your sailors? ■
$8 per month.   What is the price of labor in your
country?   $8 per month.   What kind of money
constitutes your circulating   medium?    Gold and
silver is our consumptive medium.    These, an-
swers unfolded the secret.    Here it is proper to
remark, that nothing in the currency w*y\ could
be taken for this wheat but gold and silver. , Oar
paper would not pass in Prussia,  and what pro-
duce we had to spare bore so bloated a paper price,
that it would not bear shipping to Prussia.   But the
secret was, that labor and produce in Prussia was
at the  specie standard; here it was at the paper
standard; or,  in other words,  produce and labor
there bear their real value; here they bear a ficti-
tious value.   This was produced by the unbridled
manner in which banking was conducted.   Permit
me, sir, to read an article from a German paper,
printed in the district which I have the iionor to
represent.   I think the article excels any thing I
ever read for brevity, truth, candor, and compre-
hension.   Here, sir, it is: it is in point:
Causes op the late revulsion.—1 believe that justice re-
quires that we should attribute the disorders of the times to
other causes than the measures of the late or the present Na-
tional Admi lstration; and, first, among those causes 1 would
name—
The execsstve issues of bafik paper with which the country
has been flooded, and the consequent abuses of bank credits.
2d. The vast sums invested in unproductive lands, city and
village lots, fancy stocks, and other property, by men of limited
resources.
3d. The great excess of our importations above our exports
—contracting large debts abroad, the payment of which re-
quired the withdrawal of an equal amount of our capital from
the ordinary channels of business at home.
4th. The almost total neglect of that most useful, as well as
most honorable, of all employments, the cultivation of the soil,
observable in some socuons of the country, and the consequent
necessity for the imporiation of bread stuffs.
f>th. Extravagance in expenditures of a|I kind; andtheluxu.
nous style of living, and the habits of idleness in which t o
many have, for years past, indulged.         R C.GREENE.'
Then, sir, I say that the principle in the Inde-
pendent Treasury scheme that makes the Govern-
ment revenue collectable in the constitutional cur-
rency, is one of the best principles or means that
could be adopted to regulate the discounts of the
banks, and balance trade, commeice, credit, and
agriculture; and any man whose mind is unswerved
by party considerations', and uninfluenced by selfish
interest, can see in this provision of the Indepen-
dent Treasury scheme sufficient reasons why it
should become the settled and permanent law of
the land. While it exists, the banks will always
be kept under proper restraint, and the currency of
the country will always be redeemable, and of a
creditable quality; nor will it ever in quantity (as
it never should) exceed the wants of the country.
But take away the restraint from the banks, and
we are subject periodically to all the distressing
and desolating effects by the violent and sudden
expansion and contractions consequent upon 'a 
unrestrained paper circulati g media*     -    .     '
