Jaíy, im. _______
3§th Cong-"'2n'd Sess.
Bat, .sir, we have been told that it is the office
holders who are urging this ruinous measure upon
the country, and we hear a great deal about office
holders This measure is the measure ofrrthe office
holders, and that measure is the measure of the
office holders- it is office holders m the morning,
office hokler¡> at noon, and office holder  in the
-evening we can hear the hyena howl about the
office holders on our going out, and on our coming
in, in our eating, our drinking, in our sleep-
ing, in our waking, and in our praying, (when
we do pray.) Sir, there may be something de-
grading and criminal in holding an office; but I
believe I would a little rather be a comfortable,
fat, well fed office holder, than a lean, lank, hun-
gry office seeker. The former situation is quite as
honorable as the latter, and much more comfort-
able. Constant murmunngs and complaints about
the office holders have ever been considered worthy
of a demagogue. What is meant by this incessant
cry against ihe office holders'? Is it to disband all
the office holders, and dissolve the Federal Go-
vernment, and return to a state of originality, or
is it merely to open the way for a new and hungry
swarm of office seekers, to sap the last drop of
Uncle Sam's blood from his. already exhausted
veins? Where is the Government that ever had a
spark of freedom, but what was conducted by of-
fice holders, and a regularly organized system, with
proper checks and balances to guard against usurpa-
tion, or the undue exercise of pow er1 We may dis-
band our Federal officer  when we wish to establish
the Agrarian system, or exchange our free institu-
tions and ourrepubhean Constitution for an un'imi-
ted despotism, like the Autocrat of Russia But
suppose the ins are ousted to make room for the
outs, ss that is the object of the cry with wh'oh
oar ears aie incessantly grated would the public
be benefitted by tha change1 Would ihe expenses
of the Government be diminished1 The Federal-
ists have had the sway twice since the organiza-
tion of our Government, and they were hardly
well seated in power, when the people flirted them
into the mud, and it will be so again, wnenever
they get into powei. A few Federal strides of of-
ficial power will bring down the popular indigna-
tion upon them. What power they may gain by
the sleeping apathy or unsuspecting carelessness oí
the people, will soon be wrested from them by a
fearful wakening up.
The gentleman fiom Maryland [Mr. Kfnnedy]
advanced some strange doctrines on the subject of
banking, calculated, I think, to arouse the most un-
suspecting. He tells us that the banks are never
able to redeem rheir paper. It is pieposteroas te
suppose that they can Such a supposition is vul-
garism; and it is such vulgar ideas that make peo-
ple rush lo a bank whenever they suspect its abili-
ty to redeem its paper This may be vulgarism,
sir, on the part of the people, but it is a vulgarism
that has its foundation in justice and self-defence,
and will nevei be cured id a land of freedom
by any species of Bank refinement If it is a vul-
garism in the people ti> expect the banks to pay
thur debt¡«, and to call upon them, upon their pro-
mises, to do so, it is immoral and fraudulent in
them not to pay
I think he told us that the banks of England had
a provision m this charters, by which they were
guarded against captious calls for specie redemp-
tion of their paper I would like to see one of our
western buckeye woolhats interrogated at the coun-
ter of a ba>ik whether he made his demand for the
redemption of his nole m a captious manner or
not I think Mr Corset would be apt to get his
stays broken
Gentlemen, «ho have been singing praises to
the banks, aa 1 the banking system, constantly re-
fer us to the wealth, the power, the independence,
and the grandeur of England. The gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Garland] tells us that she
has mled the commercial woild, as she sways the
ocean, against the combined powers of Euiope;
and all this by the glorious and happy influence of
her credit and barking system.
Mr Speaker, I will not detain you now, by gi-
ving you an account ot the English national debt,
which is more than all the dray horses in her king-
dom could draw m dollars.   Her eoiesiastic estate,
& TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Independent Treasury—Mr. Duncan.
her entails, her rotten boroughs, her tythes, her
lords—spiritual and temporal—her monarchical
department, &c.
I have never heard of the powers of Europe
being combined but once, and that was to put
Buonaparte down, and England was in the combi-
nation; and Buonaparte would have whipped the
whole concern, had it not been for the treachery of
some of his officers. But this is not the first time
in the history of our political and legislative ser-
vice that we have had England offered to as as the
proper model of a Government. The argument
is a Tory and a Federal argument It is the same
that was used by the Tones during the Revolu-
tionary war against the Patriots It wa¡> that ar-
gument that prolonged the war for many years,
and increased all its haidships—the los  of thou-
sands of lives, and the destruction of millions of
property. It is an argument that true hearted
«Americans never want to hear. It is the argument
that was used by the Federalists and Tories at the
formation of our Government The very man
who introduced in* English banking system into
this country, [A>\Tider Hamilton,] said that the ,
British Go veinmcnt vas one of the most splendid
fabrics on the face oí ¡he earth It is the same ar-
gument that was used to establish lh¿ alien and se- ,
dition laws, that brought disgrace on our free insti-
tutions, infamy upon the memory of our Govern-
ment, and placed a foul and everlasting stain upon
the American s'-> ute book
It is the same argurpe t lhat was used to prevent* ,
the repeal of the same odious laws, it is the same
argument that was used to prevent the election of
the distinguishpl s'atesman, philosopher, and pa- |
triot Thomas JtFi-rasov, by whom Federalism, was
routed, "horse, foot, and dragoons," for a time, |
the Co slitution rtstored to Us original principles,
and many who weie imoris iicd in loathsome and
pestilential dungeons by the alien and sedition laws
were restored to the light of hew en and the bosom
of society It is the same argument that was used
aga nst the declaralion or our second war for mde- ,
pendence, though our seamen had been pressed,
our navy disgraced, our commerce assailed, and our
national flag dishonored. It is the same argnment
that was used by the same Tories and Federalists
against our rejoicing m honor and gratitude over
our national victories, which was regarded as a
an, inasmuch as ihe wai was "an unjust and an
unholy war It is the same argument that was
used to justify the treasonable practice dayly ex-
ercised, of giving comfort and aid to our pnemies,
and of denying aid and munitions of war for the
relief of our suffeung frontier It is the same ar-
gument that was used to cheat the peopls out of
their Republican President, fairly elected in 1824,
in violation of the principles of our Constitu- i
tion, our free institutions, and the sacred rights
of the elective franch se.
It is the same argument that was used to prevent
the election of General Jackson m 1828, and urged
with double energy, because he had thrashed the
red coats of their beloved England on the plains of
New Orleans But the argument was unavailing
Jackson was elected, the Augean stable was swept,
and the rolling tide ot Fedeialism was thrown back
It is the same argument that was used to prevent
his re-election, and to renew the charier of the
United States Bank, by which it was intended to
merge the pecuniary interests and political liberties
of this country m British capital and Butish power
But the people met the aigument, put down the
Bank, and redeemed the country, by the re-election
of General Jackson It is the same argument that
was used against the confirmation of Martin Van
Boren as Minister to the Court of St James He
was rejected because he was a hule too much given
to the institutions of his own countrv, and a little
too much opposed to the instt'uiioiis c( England,
whose pwises we have heard sang in such loud and
long strains in the discussion of this question. It is
the same that was used to prevent the election to
the Vice Presidency of the same distinguished and
talented individual, and the same that was used to
prevent his election to the Presidency. It is the
same that was used to prevent the election of
Richard M Tohn-on to the seat he now occupies
in honor to hi¡> patriotism, his services to his coon-
try, and the scars that coverhisbody received in her
defence, and the duties of which he discharges with.
to much ability, credit to himseff, and advantage to
the country, and the satisfaction of ihose over
whom he presides.
In short, sir, the glones and splendor of Eng-
land is a standing argument with a certain party
against every thing proposed to advance the inte-
rests of this country, to establish on a firmer basis
our free institutions, or to spread broad" and
wider ihe principles of Democracy. The -enemies
to Democracy and the Administration, are daily
singing praises to their Whig victories, bright
prospects of glory await them. You may see them
in groups by night and day congratulating each
other and the Federal party, on the success that
awaits their toils in the Federal field for their
promotion, the success of the Federal party
and the establishment of Federal principles. It
requires but little siretch of the imagination to
see them with their leader [H. Clav] parcelling out
the spoils, and assigning stations to the command-
ing officers from their first general to their fourth
coporal. But, sir, disappointment awaits them,
till disappom'ed nope must be th ir lot for a time'
Yes, sir, the little Duchman blockades their passage
to glory About the year forty he will again move
his wand over the heads of the American
people, and their hearts will beat in his
breast, his patriotism, his talents, his political
integrity, his sound Democratic principles, and
his s-rvices to his country will rise vividly
in the recollection of every lover of Ameri-
can freedom, and the Magician 's again placed in
the President's chaiT, while old Tecurr-seh's claim
to national gratitude will retain him m the posses-
sion of his present situation, and the laurels lhat his
gallantly and dauntless bravery so gloriously won
for him at the battle of the Thames will still
adorn his memory Sir, we have some struggling
about currency, some is for one kind and some for
anther, some for a National Bank [japer, some
for local bank paper, some for shmplaster^, some
for all kinds of paper, so that it smacks of the
beauties and glories of the British banking system ,
and here and there we find one who is inclined to
the American constitutional cuirencv, viz gold
and silver. There may be wme uncertainty how
this game may end, and what the financial cur-
rency may eventually be, but I can tell you, sir,
of one kind of currency we will have for (he next
seven j ear . Ii is a political currency, signed by
the magician of Kmderhook, and endorsed by Te-
cumseh of Thames memory. This paper, will pass
all over these United States, and it will not be like
your common paper currency, five per cent, below
par at New York, twenty pet cent, below par at
New Orleans, fifteen per cent at Sl Louis, and so
varying at every principal mart or seaport town
in the United States No, sir, it will be at par at
all times and all places, and compared with it<¡ an-
tagonist, papei will be at least 33£ per cent, above
par The Kmderhook paper will pass current with
the Dutch, who deal in nothing but sound currency,
it will pass current with the Irish, who are Demo-
crats by nature, and it «ill pass current with all who
love freedom and equal rights, all who go in for the
support of the Constitution, the defence of our
free institutions, and against the establishment of a
British Bank upon American soil
But, sir, we have been told by the gentleman
frosi Maryland [Mr Kennedy] that this bill con-
tains a provision embracing the principles of the
Treasury Circular, which was repealed but the
other day by a laree majority of both branches ot
Congress Yes, sir, it contains such a provision m
pari The Treasury Circular made a discrimina-
tion in the kind of currency that should be received
in the payment cf land o\er a certain amount,
(320 acres,) and the kind oí currency that should
be received from custom house and other officers—
the ¡ormer being made payable in gold or silver,
and the latter in the paper of specie paying banks.
This bih provides for the gradual coileciion of the
whole Government revenue in the constitutional
currency, and lhat is one of its most valuable fea-
tures, as I think has already been shown.
The object of the Treasury or Specie Circular
was to prevent the whole public donwa from be$n§
