464
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1838.
£5th Cono •••2nd Sfss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
engullid in the vortex of speculation Such was
the rag« for land speculation, that the poor and in-
dustrious man, for whose use the land* are really-
held in trust, who, when he purchases, purchases
for the purpose of settling on and improving the
land, to the advancement of agriculture, the benefit
of society, and the pecuniary interests of the State
or Territory in which the land may lie—I say such
was the rage for speculation, that the poor man,
after ttavelhng perhaps many hundreds of miles
with his knapsack on his back, and his staff in his
hand, for the purpose of purchasing a home for
himself and his family, wab not unfrequentiy com-
pelled to return to his home without being able to
make a purchase, or he was driven to the dilemma
of purchasing second handed at a great advance,
or taking land oí an inferior quality It was to
remedy this evil that the Specie Circular was put
jn operation—an evil which ought not to be to'e
rated It is an evil which no friend ¡o equal rights,
if he properly appreciates it, would be willing
should exist.   It is an evil that I shall ever while
I have a stand here oppose, and the specie provi-
sion of this bill is well calculated to restrain withm
some bounds this evil, but not to the extent that it
should I shall nevei feel satisfied on this point
until I see the sales of wild land limited to the ac-
tual aetiler, and in amount to half a section If
this rage foi speculation in trie public domain is
permited to go on unlimited, it will not be half a
centuty until all political names and party distinc-
tions will be meiged in. the feudal names of land-
lord and tenant. Then we will have the beauties
and glories ot the British Government, indeed, to
the tatisfaction of a certain party, who ate always
singing hallelujahs to her
One ^"stleman, [Mr Premiss, of Mississippi,]
in his praises oí the banking system, stated that
there was no real diftuence between capital and
labor, and, between the capitalist and the laborer,
both enjojed equal advantages from capital, they
were so intimately connected that they were the
same. Well, this is very fine. If it is true, I sup-
pose the capitalists will have no objection to ex-
changing situations with the laborer, that he will
give up his capital to the laborer, and all hi  lands,
and houses, and chattel property, and introduce
him into his parlor, upon his soft, brilliant, Turkey
carpeting, give h m the key to his costly sideboard,
and the freehold to his rich wines, gold goble s,
cut glass decantéis, and Ins mas>y p ate, together
with his soft sofa to lounge upon, and he, the capi-
talist, will enter the field o£ toil and sweat, and
there labor from morning till night, day after day,
week after week, and month after month, to the
erd oí ihe year, when he will find that he has just
made, with all his toil, a scanty living to the end of
the year ¡or his family, and that the last scanty sup-
perthat he and his family eats at the evening of the
first year makes it necessary for him to be early
II  the field on the morning of the second year to
procure by his continued toil their next break! ast.
When will such an exchange as this take place
think voul It will be when the lion and the lamb
shall lie down in peace togethe It v. ill be found
t'iai there is a great difference between labor and
«jpital, a great diffeience between the comforts
? -id happness of the
"K ig in the pailor  counting up his mo ey
1 lit maid in the Kitchen, eating bread ind hoi ej
and the laborer, who too frequently, owing to
ovine of our monopolizing institutions, and mie-
ovdl ystems, has to eat bread in sorrow, and fre-
quently gets but little to eat.
Mr. Speaker, I hope you will not infer from
what I have s?id, that I am an enemy to the banks,
or to the banking system, if conducted on proper
principles I know that the people of this country
will have banks, perhaps the comn ercial interests
ol the country require that there should be banks,
at least, of exchange and depose, if not of dis
eount. But I see no necessity, justice, or political
prepneiy, in. keeping up a system of banking which
has powers and privileges that have a direct and
«Davoidable tendency to make the rich richer, and
the poor poorer, or that banks have untramelk 1
sway over the whole moneyed interest of the
country, and control of the value of property of
every desenptton.
I am unfriendly to the system that puts it in the
power of banks to make money plenty or scarce—
to ra.se the price of property a hundred per cent
above its value, or reduce it twice that oum below
par, at their will and pleasure, and benefit them-
selves by the operation, at the expense of the for-
tunes and happiness of the balance of the commu-
nity, and such n> thi natuie and tendency of the
present system. I veheve I voted for the incorpo-
ration of moat of the banks in Ohio, incorporated
since 1828 I done so, not because I was in favor
of the principle of banking, but because I was in-
structed se to do by those I had the honor to repre-
sent in the State Legislature, and because I thought
the immediate interests oí the country required the
establishment of local banks at that time, at least
in Ohio, for reasons which probably apply to other
sections of the Union
I think it was between the years 1832 and 1834
that the most of the modern banks were mcorpo*
rated in Ohio. The people of the United States
had determined, through the ballot-boxes, in a
manner and by a vote which could not be misun-
derstood, that the Bank of the United States should
not be rechartered. The debts in the State due the
branch ot Cincinnati, I think, amounted to near
$2,500,000 I think our canal debt, about that
time, was about §5,000,000 The branch bank was
calling in twenty per cent, every sixty or ninety
days, as the case might be, and the interest on the
canal debt had to be paid annually, in addition to
keeping up the canal sinking fund.
To support all this, as well as the necessary
quantity of circulating medium for domestic con-
sumption and the ordinary exchanges, as well as
the necessary and indispercable Government reve-
nue—I say, to sustain all this, there «as (exclusive
of the capital of the United States Branch Bank)
only about four and a half millions of bank capital
in Ohio, one-third of which was domestic. This,
sir, is a general view of the finances of Ohio when
her late banks were incorporated. She was m an
embarrassed situation, and it was to give her tempo-
rary relief that the bank w ere established It was by
inviting foreign capital to the State, and *o bring into
active use the dormantcapital that was in the State,
and to supply the place ot the capital and eucula-
tion of the branch bank, vih'ch was about to be
withdiawn from circulation and from the State, and
to prevent a state of pecuniary ruin and desolation
which had swept over the St?te ot Ohio like a pes-
tilence, that withered and blighted every thing liv-
ing that fell within its influence, once before, (in
1819) by the sudden curtailments of the branch
bank at Cincinnati. It was to prevent a return of
a calamity oí this kmd that the late banks were
incorporated, and I am happy to say, and it is due
to them to say, they had the effect, ihey warded offthe
blow, until the State was relieved from her em-
barrassments by her own resources, by the eco-
nomy and industry of her citizens, and the fertility
of her soil Although 1 am opposed to some of the
privileges these banks possess—believing, as I do,
that thej are contrpry to the spirit of our free
institutions, and dangerous in their tendency to
equal lights—-yet I sh«ll never regret the paitl
took in their establishment I believe they have
done some harm, but I believe they have done
more good I know that, let them take what
course they maj, or teimmate in what etil they
will, they never can produce more evil than ¡he
winding up of the United States Bank would have
produced, had they not have been established I
think the charters ot the bank's of Ohio, geneially,
expire by their own limitation m 1813 I am no
enemy to them I hope they inaj be permitted to
live out their davs in peace, and thit they mav bp
permitted to enjoy, uninterruptedly, the benefit-,
which their charters entitle them to, and when the
time comes for the.r renewal, if it is thought txpe-
dient to renew them, such restra nts may be inter-
posed as will secure equal justice to them and
political and pecuniary secunty to the State and
the people. The intelligence and patriotism of the
people will provide for the times, they will do
what is right and $ust for the country and the
banks.
The feeling which I have expressed in relation
to the banks of the State which I have the honor,
in part, to represent, I extend to the banks of other
States, so far as such a feeling is necessarily con-
nected with my representauve duty as a member of
the American Congress.
We have heard another objection to this mea-
sure, and I give the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. PrentissJ credit for his candor m openly
making the objection. 1 like such honest, unso-
phisticated candor.
His great objection rests upon the fa«t that this
is an Administration measure. It is alone suffi-
cient to call down all his hostility and ^opposition,
that it comes from the Administration. Y«s, sir,
and I suspect that this is the great pinch with
some other gentlemen, if they would be candid.
This measure smacks of Democracy; there is some-
thin? wrong about it; it comes from an Adminis-
tration elected by the people; an Administration, m
every possible way identified with the jjeople, and
an Administration solemnly pledged to carry out
Ihe will and Ihe wishes of the people to their best
interests. Yes, sir, there is where the shoe pinches.
If it had been a measure of the banks, in place of
the people's Administration, the gentleman would
have better understood it, and been ready and wil-
ling to have appreciated its importance. Sir, we
have heard an almost incessant torrent of abase
agamt this and the preceding Administrations; and
most of this abuse has been poured forth upon the
devoted heads of the Administrations for carrying
out measures which have originated with ths
people, or which the people have expressly
required them to carry out. Do gentlemen
reflect, that in denouncing this Administration ra
such unmeasured terms, and the measures which
they are bound to carry out, they are calling in
question, not only the political capacity of the
people to elect their representative and executive
ofheers, but also their qualifications to judge of the
propriety and necessity of measures in which ihey
have a right to instruct, and to call their officers to
an account at ihe bar of public opinion if they
disobey"! Sir, there has been no man in this House
at whose hand the Administration has received
more abuse than the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell ] There is no man who has more
violently assailed and opposed every leading mea-
sute of the Administration than he has—as well
measures that have originated with this Adminis-
tration as those that fell to it to carry out that had
their origin with the last Administration. Such a
course I did not expect from him I came here
expecting a different course. If I were asked, what
is the greatest qualifications m a statesman, I would
answer, patriotism and virtue. What would you.
require as evidence to establish in your mind those
qualities in any given statesman i I would say,
consistency must be one ot the evidences.
Mr. President, I hold in my hand a pamphlet
containing a political speech, made by the gentle-
man at Vaxhall Garden, in the State of Tennessee
Sir, I will not detain you to read extracts from hi3
speech, whenever and wherever they occur favora-
ble to General Jackson's administration, and to the
measures of a leading character which that admi-
nistration was bound to carry out Let it be suffi-
cient for me at present to say, that his speech
abounds meukgv to Jackson's administration, and
in strong and powerful appea's to the ptople
cf Tennessee to carry out ins leading measures.
He tells the people of Tennessee in substance,
that General Jackson is soon to retue from office,
and that the welfare of this Un on, the preserva-
tion of the great leading principles (Democratic)
of the part) and the highest interests of Ten-
nesee, requne that Judge Wihte should fee Gereral
Jacksoiv's successor Judge White has alwajs
been a firm and decided supporter of General
Jackson, a Jeffersonian m principle. No man was
more thoroughly acquainted with the leading mea-
sures of Gereral Jackson's administration than
was Judge White. I was delighted when I read
this speech. 1 expected to find m Judge Whiti
and the gentleman two devoted friends to the
Administration, (now that Judge White had
failed in his election, and no longer a candidate,)
but what was my surprise when I came here, to
find the gentleman himself, and Judge Whims also,
the most violent opposers, not only of the Adnw-
