Jone, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
25th Cosg""2\d Sbss.
' '   ' ■    '   i     ""*                  —
Deposite of the public money—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
we ought, without deserting our principles, to re-
sort to another. The great, the leading object is
to separate the Government from the banks as ge-
neral depositories, and thus to prevent them from
trading on the public money. Keeping this great
principle steadily in view, it is our duty to adopt
any measure likely to obtain a majority, which will
secure the public money, and place it under the
guard of laws. It will not do for us to say to the
people, you shall take the Sub-Treasury, or you
shall have nothing. Such a determination is op-
posed to the genius of oar institutions. The Pre-
sident of the United States, although as great a
friend of the Sub-Treasury as any of ui, did not
agree in opinion, on this point, with the Senator
from South Carolina. Although, in his message
at the commencement of the session, he strongly re-
eomminded the adoption of the Sub-Treasury system;
yet he suggested an alternative—a second choice.
It is upon this suggestion that I have acted, and
my amendment has been framed m strict conformi-
ty with it. I need not again read to the Senate
what the President has said upon this subject. We,
as friends of the Administration, and I esteem my-
self as good a friend to it as the Senator from
South Carolina, cannot shift the responsibility
from ourselves to our political opponent , by telling
them that because they have rejected our favorite
measure, the duty devolves upon them to propose
a substitute. Suppose they refuse to do it, shall
we stand still, and leave the country to suffert We
can only relieve ourselves from our responsibility,
by presenting every reasonable measure; and if
they choose to reject them all, we shall then, and
then only, stand acquitted before the country; and
thpy will then, and then only, be held responsible.
The Senator from South Carolina says he is op-
posed to the extension of Executive discretion. So
am I. One chief object oí my amendment was to
limit, not to enlaige, Executive discretion, and to
prescribe, by precise law, the duties of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in relation to the public mo-
ney. This amendment was prepared with great
care, and after consultation withjsome of those who
best understand the subject. I had two purposesin
view. One was to direct the Secretary of the Trea-
sury m what manner he should dispose of the bank
notes which he might receive in payment of the
public dues, and the other, to produce an entire se-
paration of the money of the Government from the
business of the banks. I thought the amendment
would accomplish these two objects, and yet,
strange and wonderful to tell, the Senator prefers
the bill of the gentleman from Massachusetts, be-
cause my amendment, as he says, leaves every
thing to Executive discretion, and restores the Pet
Bank system without any limitation whatever I
have never been more astonished in my life than
when I heard these objections to the amendment.
What, sir, this amendment a return to the old
Pet Bank system, to use his own phraseology, when
it declares in so many words that no bank notes
shall be placed, "either on general or special de-
posite," with any bank whateyer' This single pro-
vision entirely severs the connection between the
Government and the banks, as general deposito-
ries, which had been created by the deposite act.
It renders it impossible that the banks shall ever
again trade upon the public money; and yet the
Senator has declared that, should it prevail, it will
be a restoration of this very system without any
limitation whatever. It is impossible to argue
against such statements. In cder, however, to tear
up this system by the roots, my amendment pro-
poxes to repeal the deposite law altogether, which
he so much condemns, and yet, notwithstanding, he
argues strenuously against this repeal, and says iu
effect would be to leave the public money entirely
to Executive discretion. This might have been tb.3
consequence, had I been guilty of the folly of at-
tempting to destroy one system without substituting
another. That is not the case. The two first sec-
tions of my amendment prescribe clearly what
shall be done with the public money, between the
time of its receipt and its disbursement. It is to be
k«pt in the hands of the collectors and receivers,
and is to be disbursed by them during áxed periods,
not exceeding sixty days; and the balances remain-
ing on hand at the end of tlwse periods are to be con-
verted into specie, and, for greater security, are to
be placed on special deposne, to the credit oí the
Treasurer of the United States, in the vaults of
such banks as may be se'ected by the Treasury
Department.   Every necessary powe_r is conferred
upon the Department to render these deposites spe-
cial, in the strictest sense of the word, and to con-
fine the banks to the mere safe-keeping of them, in
the form they are delivered.   The vaults of the
banks are to be substituted tor the private houses of
the collectors and receivers, as places of greater
security.   In substance, this is the very name pro-
vision, in regard to special deposites of specie, as
that contained in the Sub-Treasury bill, which re-
ceived the warmest commendation oí the Senator.
Under that bill, in eveiy portion of the Union, ex-
cept the six places where there are mints, or where
receivers general were to be establish .d, the public
money, in specis, was to be placed m such  banks
as the Secretary of the Treasury might select, on
special deposite.   And jet, after all, the Senator
prefers the bill of the Senator from Massachusetts
te my amendment    He prefers the old Pet Bank
system, with new privileges, to a system which will
keep the Government money in the hands of Go-
vernment officers, until it shall accumulate to such
an amount as to render it insecure; and afterwards
place it, m gold and silver, on special deposite with
the banks, precisely according to his favorite plan.
The Senator even says that the bill is greatly supe-
rior to the amendment.
And what is thi« bill? It is not only a revival of
the old deposite act which he so much abhors, but
an extension of its provisions to embrace all bank-
ing associations which may hereafter be established
under the general banking law of New Yotk, and
under similar laws of other States, which may be
.passed hereafter Nay, more it repeals every re-
striction, and directs the t mploymem ot all banks,
notwithstanding they may have issued, or shall
hereafter issue, notes of the very lor, est denomina-
tions.
Now, sir, it is certain that the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts cannot pass. I would, there-
fore, ask bim, as an enemy of Executive discretion,
whether he will consent to go home and leave the
whole revenue of the United States m the hands of
the Executive, without any legal provibion what-
ever, unless it may be m regard to deposites made
with the few banks which have not forfeited their
right to become general depositories? This is the
question. As a friend of my country, and a friend
of the Administration, I am unwilling to pursue
such a course.
We shall then have no law except the act of
1789, which 1 have shown on a former occasion
was wholly inadequate to meet the crisis It mere-
ly provides that the Treasurer shall receive, keep,
and disburse the public money, and was evidently
intended for the infancy of our institutions, and for
hard money alone. But under the joint resolution
of 1816, as soon as the banks shall resume specie
pa} ments, nearly the whole of the public rt venue
will be received m bank notes, or, what is the same
thing, in draft  on banks. What is the Secretary
of the Treasury to do with these notes and drafts?
Will*you leave him without the protection of any
law upon the subject1 His position w ill be most
embarrassing. If he demands gold and silver from
the banks to meet the wants of the Government,
this will be denounced as an abuse of his discre-
tion, and as an evidence of hostility to these insti-
tutions. Should he keep a mass of bank notes on
hand, and any of the banks become insolvent, and
thus the Government sustain loss, he will be loudly
condemned for favoritism towards them. If, in
the exercise of a sound discretion, he call upon
some banks to redeem their notes m specie, and not
upon others, this will be considered as proof of
guilty partiality. Let him do what he may, he is
equally certain of censure. As a man, desirous to
maintaining a fair character with my countrymen,
I would not accept the office, of Secretary of the.
Treasury, at the present crisis without any law to
guide me, for the wealth of the Indies. Charges
will be echoed and re-echoed, by the enemies of the
Administration, against the Secretary, from every
portion of the Union, for the purpose of driving it
from power.   Ought any of it  fnen4* to place u
in this situation? Ought the present state of things
to continue until tire sassicn of 133!*, '40? Before
ttat period, we cannot entertain the mo-t remot
hope of passing the Sub-Treasury bill. Ought we
to attempt nothing, because we cannot obtain every
thing1 Th" «vountry will never sanction the princi-
ple advanced by the Senator from S >uth C "olma,
that because we have tried one measure and failed
m it, that therefore the responsibility oí introducing
another will devolve exclusively on the enemies of
the Administration.
What shall the Secretary of the Treasury do
with this mass of bank paper, after it shall have
been received in payment of the puolic dues? My
amendment answers the question in a plain and
satisfactory manner He shall pay out the bank
notes, b) drafts on the collectors and receivers, to
the pu'ilic creditors, who may bonafiúe elect to ac-
cept them during period* of sixtv days, and at the
end it these periods, the collectors and receivers
sha! make settlements with the banks whose notes
the\ hold, and the balances shall be converted into
spe e, and placed with the banks on special depo-
site. Should the security of the pablic money at
tbo^e points where the largest amounts are collected
require more frequent settlements, the Secretary is
authorized to direct them to be made. In ail cases,
this would be much more liberal than the rule of
the old Bank of the United Stales, which required
weekly settlements with the State* banks. At these
sett'ements, the banks would receive credit for the
Treasury drafts in their possession, and the balance
would be struck and convened into specie. That
this would not operate with too much severuy upon
the banks, I have shown m the remarks which I
made when I offered the amendment.   "
This amendment remove  all Executive discre-
tion except what is absolutely necessary fiom the
nature of the subject, it prescribes a precise rule of
action which would be known to the whole coun-
try, and it shields the Secretary of the Treasury
under the laws of the Hnd, to vhi"h we all must
submit. It substitute  the law of Congress for the
will of the officei, and it this law be fa i'y obeyed,
all complaints agnribt the AdumNr uoi in rela-
tion to the use of the public money mus' cease
But the Senator is opposed to mv amendment,
because ¡l will bewilder and confuse the public
mind, in relation to the issue preseated to the peo-
ple between a Bank of the United States and a Cen-
stimtional Treasury, limited tn its receipts and its
disbursements to gold and silver Now, sir, m my
opinion, this amendment, even if it had no other
merit, ought to prevail, because it is the best, if no!
the only means by which we can reach this Con-
stitutional Treasury. Great and fundamental
changes in the settled policy of a people, unless un-
der extraordinary circumstances, can only be ac-
complished gradually. The public mind must first
be prepared to adopt them. Por this reas ,it ap-
pears to me unwise to refuse to make any advance
towards our object, because we cannot reach n at
one bound. Public opinion, I firmly believe, is al-
ready prepared for a ¡separation of the money of
the Government from the business of banks My
amendment completely accomplishes thi> purpose
It divorces Bank and State, and provides a distinct
and independent mode of keeping the public money,
such as has been suggested by the Pies,dent, and is
already to a certain extent practised by the Trea-
sury Department Let us take th.b first, this im-
portant step, and wait foi better times to accom-
plish the remainder. The Senator himself was m
favor ol proceeding gradualh. Under his amend-
ment to the Sub-Treasury bill, we should have
been eight years, m reaching exc'uswe specie re-
ceipts and payments.
Upon the whole, I flatter mjself that as th<*
Senator has most certainly mi-apprehended my
amendment in every essential paiticular, he will
upon reflection, change his «pinion, and give it &
preference over the old pet bank system, which the
bill of the Senator from Mi*saehusetts proposes to
re-establish
Mr CLAY then addressed the Senate in opposi-
tion to the amendment, and in reply to Mr. Caju-
hocn; after which,
Mr. CALHQUN said- I rise to notice some re-
marks o^ibe Stnato  from Kentucky, [Mr Guv,)
