468
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cong--"2nd Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr. Garland.
Jniy? 18£8,
'H. oFRgps,
intended to represent me as a partisan of the Ad-
ministidi.on. I have no fear that they would have
the least possible effect within the limits of these
walls, where my course is well known and under-
stood! I confidently appeal to every Senator pre-
sent, wheiher my acts and votes, on all occasions,
have not been in strict conformity to principles
which I have been knowh long to entertain. Not
an instance can be pointed out to the contrary.
But though tiie Senator's declarations will be
harmless here, they may not be so beyond these
walls, where they were intended to have an effect,
if I should remain silent; and it is only on that
account I notice them. 1 am no partisan of any
man, nor any Administration. I am free to act on
all questions according to my unbiassed judgment,
unembarrassed by party trammels. I concur with
the Administration on the great question of the
Constitutional Treasury, and have, and will conti-
nue to give them, so far as that is concerned, a
sincere, decided, and hearty support; and shall
stand prepared to support or oppose whatever
other measure they may propose, just as it may, or
may not, accord with my principles and views of
policy. I hope they may give me many opportu-
nities to support, and few to oppose, them. It is
my fortune to stand here alone, looking to no other
guide in the discharge of my duty but God and my
conscience. I seek neither otKce nor popular favor.
The Senator asks me if I belong to that sectional
party in the South, which he intimates has views
not very friendlj to the continuance of the Union.
He was not very explicit in his reference. If he
means the party there which has stood up for
Southern rights and interests—the party opposed to
the Tariff and his American System, to unequal
and excessive duties and appropriations, the party
opposed to Abolition, and in favor of the direct
trade—1 am proud to say that I do belong to that
party; but, if he refers to any party entertamtng
views or feelings hostile to the Union, I have only
to say I know of no such party there, nor do I be-
long to any such.
Providence (Mr. President) has pleased to cast
my lot in the weakest and most exposed section of
the Union; and I  have, and shall contmne to de
fend it, as far  as my abilities go, against all op-
pression and unconstitutional acts, without regard-
ing how it  may affect my popularity and standing
in other quarters.    Nor, in doing this, am I in the
least actuated by a feeling of hostility towards this
Union, or any section  of the country.    I defy my
most bitter eremy to point out any act of injustice
or oppression  towards  any other portion ot  the
Union, that I have ever countenanced, unless, in-
deed, resistance to injustice towards my own should
be   considered   injustice   towards other  sections,
which might be benefitted by it.    So far from hos-
tility, I hat e been governed by directly the opposite
motives—by a deep an.) an abiding attachment to
the Union, and the most anxious desire to preserve
it and its integrity.   Our Union rests on justice—on
the equal distribution of its advantages and bur-
thens.   So long as that is preserved,  there is no
danger of the Union; while, on the other hand, if it
be habitually and permanently disregarded.nothmg
can preserve it.    He knows nothing of the human
heart, or the working of a political system extend-
ed over so wide a country, who does not see that
there must be a constant tendency on the part of
the stronger portion to monopolise all the advan-
tages for itself, and to transfer all its bur'hens to
the weaker.   Nor is  he less ignorant, n ho does
not see  that   such   a   tendency   urn-1,   in  the
end,   prove   fatal    to   the   Government,   if not
steadily    and    successfully    resisted.     It    has
been my fortune to see and act on these principles,
and in doing so I have been governed not only by
a sense of justice towards those whom I represent,
and the portion of the country to which  they be-
long, but by deep devotion to the interest of the
whole Union.   The Senator seems to taKe a diffe-
rent view.   He  would seem to regard resistance
to wrong as hostility to the Union, and the support
pf, aggression as the means of preserving it.   He
habitually confines his censure to tho?e who op-
pose oppression, without ever raising his voice
.against the oppressor.   I am, however, glad to see
Wat "he does not entirely deny the truth pf the prin-
ciples on which £ act. He is at last compelled to
admit, that Abolition is making greater progress
than he had anticipated, and to acknowledge that
the time may come when he shall be compelled to
take a stand and lead against the fanatics. We
may then oppose aggression, I suppose, without
losing attachment to the Union, at least on the
Abolition question ; but if we may do it in that
case, I would ask why wc may not also against the
Tariff and Affierican System, and other oppressive
measures to which the South has been opposed?
Why shall it be justifiable in the one and not in the
other case?
The Senator thinks I have been too ¡>tern and un-
compromising in my opposition to the fanatics,and
that its effect has been to increase their number-
He would take a more compromising course. He
would have opened the doors of this chamber to
their admission, and reasoned the case with them,
whether we had a title to our property or no¿.
Without adding a word, I leave those interested to
judge which of the two courses is the safest and
best.
The Senator regards the defeat of the Constitu-
tional Treasury bill in the other House, as a com-
plete overthrow, and raises the shout of victory.
He greatly mistakes. It is but a skirmhh at the
commencement of a conflict, which is destined to
last for year-s. The cause of the struggle is too
deep to terminate with the first onset; and so far
from being discouraged by the slight defeat which
some half a dozen ot votes would have turned into
a victory, I feel a renewed assurance of final and
complete triumph, if we but stand fast. What I
always dreaded, as I have said, was the first shock.
I never doubted, if it could be resisted, a final and
glorious triumph awaited the cause we advocated.
We have now met the first shock; and, so far from
being overwhelmed, we have been defeated by only
a few votes. Time is now working for us. . The
discussion is gone to the community. Truth and
reason are on our side. Our arguments neither
have, nor can be, answered; and time and reflec-
tion only are wanting to give them their full effect.
The people are roused; and their attention is in-
tensely directed to the subject, which will jiot fail to
tell hereafter.
In the mean time, the difficulties on the opposite
side will soon begin to present themselves. They
have thus far had the easy task of being the assail-
ants, but the very Victory, of which they boast so
much, throws the responsibility on them, and will
compel them to move; and let me tell the Senator,
when he comes to bring forward his gigantic scheme
of blending into one the General and State Go-
vernments, and uniting the two with the great
capitalists of the country in his fifty million bank,
with the view of controlling the currency and in-
dustry of the country. When, in a word, he comes
fo rear up hii bank monarchy to govern the country
with despotic sway, he will begin to find his trouble.
He will find it no easy task to fix on the s<>at of its
empire, and place the despot on his throne; and
whenever he attempts it, let me tell him, instead of
a slight defeat of a few votes, as we have expe-
rienced, he will be overwhelmed with a Waterloo
overthrow, from which he and his cause wilinever
recover.
REMARKS OF MR. GARLAND,
Of Virginia,
In the  House of Representatives, July 2, 1838, in
Committee of the Whole, on the  Harbor bill.
The motion pending being to amend the bill by
making an appropriation to purchase the stockof
the Louisville and Portland canal.
Mr. GARLAND said that he did not rise for the
purpose of discussing the particular merits of the
amendment proposed, but to express his opinions
upon this subject generally, which were in opposi-
tion to the bill, and the whole system of internal
improvements by this Government. He said he
had not before had an opportunity to state his objec-
tions to this system, which he now proposed
very briefly to do. The Constitution gives
no power to the Federal Government to
invade    the    territorial    jurisdiction ^f   any
State, at the expense of its sovereignty.
It can acquire no right of properly or permanent
jurisdiction over the soil in the States; if it conkl,
then the States were not sovereign, but ho'd their
right of property at the discretion of this Government,
whieh would constitute Üñs a consolidated and su-
preme Government over all the power and jurisdic-
tion of the States. The powers expressly delegat-
ed to this dtovernment, were the only powers wKieii
this Government could exercise; an_d ihey, tiüño
case, required this supreme power and jurjsdlctioa
over the soil of the States, as necessary to their
exercise. The soil constituted the jurisdiction of
the State, and to that must be referred the jurisdic-
tion over navigable streams; one jurisdiction could
not attach to water, and another to the soil which it
covered; jurisdiction of the one wasjurisdictionof the
other, and the establishment of ports of entry could
not confer jurisdiction. The arguments derived
in favor of constitutional power from the establish-
ment of ports ©f entry was utterly fallacious; and,
if true, would subject every stream in a Sta e tp
the control and jurisdiction of this Government. If
this Government possessed this power orer naviga
ble streams within the jurisdiction of a State, upon
the same principle it had it over the soil, and might
cut and construct roads and canals at plea-sure, and
thus plant its officers and jurisdiction through all
the valuable arteries of the States, to the exclusion
of State authority. This would be the inevitable
result; and when the Federal Government should
have completed the establishment of its jurisdictibn
upon bays, harbors, and rivers, it would take uj)
roads and canals, and finally draw into its vortex
all.fhe valuable jurisdiction of soil and avenues óf
trade, to t,he ruin and impoverishment of the State
.Cfovernments, and sink State" power into inVgnifi-
cance and contempt. He warned gentlemen, par-
ticularly those who valued the power, efficiency,
and respectability of the States, to ponder weirthe
ground upon which they stood, and the dar ger to
which they were exposing the jurisdiction, power,
and interests of the States. Once let unconstitu-
tional Federal power, with the immense influences
which it could exert, get firm footing in the Stales,
and its ultimate absorption of all the valuable pow-
ers of the States was inevitable.
It was said [said Mr. G.] that this bill only made
appropriations to complete works already began.
Sir, said he, this had been the practice from the
foundation of the Government, and there were'al-
wayssome unfinished works on hand, and, it seemed,
few were ever completed. The Constitution was
first violated, and then continue.} appropriations
were sought to complete the violation. Mr. G. said
he did not understand how one violation of the Con-
stitution could justify another; and if the first appro-
priation was in violation of the Constitution the
second was equally so; but yet, sir, under this garb,
appropriation after appropriation had beentnade,
until many millions of money had been expended
in utter disregard of constitutional power.
The gentleman from TNew Hampshire, [Mr,
Cushm'an,] ¡."-rid truly, when he said that this system
is objectionable, because of its inequality; nature
has created the inequality, and the Constitution has
therefore left the work of internal improvements
to be conducted by themselves. But, sir, some gen-
tlemen shelter themselves under the mantle of na-
tionality. This Government, say they, has the
power to construct works of a national character)
this surrenders the whole power. Who is to judge
whether a public work is national? This Govern-
ment! What limit is there, or what appeal from
,its judgment? None vhitster! What remedy has
"a State if the po.vei be indiscreetly' exercised?
None! The plain solution of the proposition is,
that, although this Governmen' cannot enter into a
single State, and construct public works, yet, by
running^through two or more States, it can exarcisB
the power, and run through the whole, or as many
. States as it pisases, without any limit or control.
It is only necessary to dub it "national,'''' and the
jurisdiction is acquired.
The numerous propositions and the insignificant
streams proposed to be improved, warn ~us of the
extensive ancl dangerous .extentto which this" system
may )be pressed; and (he logrolling "bj which it may
_,be carried, all warn us ©f the .dangers to.ftimíiyfe
