June, 1338.
APPBNJMXí TO THE CONGRESSIONAL £&£&}.„.
46f*
25th Cong-•■•2nd Stss.
Indian hostilities—Mr. Graham,
H. of Reps.
are exposed He knew, he said, this was old fash-
ioned Virginia doctnne, and would have bat little
weight, yet it was true, and time would develóse
the ímpripnetj of departing from it, He. sajd he
should vote against this, as he should every other
bill of like character; he would vote for the im-
provement of a harbor really within the national
jurisdiction, but if gentlemen choose to hang so
many dead weights upon it, he must vote against
it. He would not vote for a host of unconstitu-
tional works to save a constitutional one.
SUPPRESSION OF INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
SPEECH OK MR. GRAHAM,
Of North Carolina,
In the House of Representatives, May 24, 1838—On
the bill making an appropriation to prevent and
suppress Indian hostilities.
Mr. Chairman The bill now under discussion
proposes to appropriate money to prevent and sup-
press Indian hostilities. Tins appropriation is
asked, not to declare war against the Cherokee In-
dian^, but to prevent and suppress a protracted and
bloody-nar by them apon the white settlements m
North Carol na, Tennessee, Alabama, and Geor-
gia This objects meet", n y decided approbation.
The volun'eus and militia now called by the Go-
vernment m'o ,iubl c service for this specific pur-
pose mu«t be supported and paid. A small portion
of the Cherokee country laps on the «southwestern
part of North Carolina, and lies wtthm the limits
of tne Co g e^sional district which I have the honor
to re,.re^iit n this floor I ha\e no hostile feel-
ings to lh" Cherokee Indians, my constituents and
my Sute h ve no unkind feelings to them Since
the treat} cf Hopeweil, in the year 1785, down to
thib day, the State of North Carolina has uniformly
acted with ] istice and generosity towards those In-
d,ians,an 1m / constituentshaverespectedtheirnghts,
and dwelt in annucable relations on their frontiei bor-
ders Tee treaties of 1817 and 1819, granting
reservations <f land to certain resident Indians,
were pm'n tne of much confusion and some liti-
gation in North Caiolma, still the Indians and their
council ve c alwa>s well satisfied with the deci-
s ons Oi our courts, for justice is ably and impar-
tially ai'm r i  srcd in North Carolina to all classes
and to p i ci'ors A'out one hundred Cherokee
Indians o o. ei^ht }ears smce, voluntarily left
their tnle, and removed themselves to a 'vhite set-
tlement n mv district, andl am informed they are
temperate, o derly, and industrious, and dwell in
peace amo .g their white neighbors. I am further
informed, by late letters, that the Indians are now
coming fio n all parts of their nation, and taking
refuge n iv district I mention these facts to re-
pudiate ana - p"i all the unfounded charges of op-
pression and crueUy that have been hatched in
sickly sjmp ithj, and conjured up in this debate,
so far as the} re'ate 10 me and mine, ana to demon-
strate that ,-ij district and State have at all times
acted with justice, liberality, humanity, and mercy,
towards the Cherokee Indians. Some of the Che-
rokees are Plore civilized and cultivated than any
other Indians with whom I am acquainted; still the
great body of their tribe are cruel, savage Indians,
and God forbid that I should ever surrender mv
country and forsake the white people for the red
race.
In the y ear 1835 the Cherokee chiefs sold by
treaty all their lands east of the Mississippi nvtr
to the Un ted States, for the gross sum of five mil-
lions six hundied thousand dollars, ($5,600,000,)
and agreed, on or before the 23d day of Mav> 1838,
to remove ii est of the Mississippi river, to an ex-
tensive lemtory allot'ed to them by different com-
pacts, and embracing, by computation, thirteen mil-
lions eight hundred thousand acres of land. It is
now alleged here m debate that this treaty is fraudu-
lent and void, and that the appropriation now de-
manded to execute it, and preserve the peace, ought
to be withheld or suspended until we pronounce
thai treaty fair or foul, good or bad.
Mr. Chairman, I hold, and now contend, that the
Constitution of the United States has conferred upon
the President and Senate, alone and exclusively,
the treaty-making power.   This branch oí Congress
has nothing te do in making or unmaking treaties.
This House has the rightful and constitutional
power over the purse and money of the people,
and, in pursuance of that very ,-ower, so vested,
this House, two years since, made an appropriation
of five millions six hundred thousand dollars to. exe-
cute and fulfil this treaty. Yes, sir, the journal of
1836, which is now before my eyes, proves that
one hundred and twenty-five members voted for the
appropriation, while only forty-three could be found
to vote against it. Thii treaty, therefore, was made
and ratified by the proper parties to whom the
Constitution committed this high trust, and was so-
lemnly approved, in appropriating the ways and
means for its execution, by a large majority of the
representatives of the people. It hasgnow become
the supreme law of the land, and both State and
individual rights are vested under it The contract
is no longer executory, but in part actually executed,
and hundreds of Indians have received thousand 
of dollars and removed to the far western wilderness,
under its bountiful provisions I could not if I
'would, and would not if I could, overthrow and
demolish it
The very question involved in this treaty, and at
present under investigation, was solemnly decided
by both branches of Congress, about two y ears ago,
in a protracted and peiplexmg controversy with
Prance. France then delayed and declined to per-
form her treaty stipulations and obligations with
the United States What then did this House say
to the " law's delay and the insolence of office'"
"The answer was unanimous : we will stand upon
our constitutional rights , we will not look back,
beyond or behind the treaty. The French case is
analogous and parallel to the Indian case; it de-
cides it. We cannot now look back, behind oi be-
yond the Chetokee treaty, solemnly made and rati-
fied by the President and Senate. "We cannot
rightfully get over it, under it, or around u, because
the Constitution has erected an impas=ab)e barrier
between us and the treaty-making power.
Mr. Chairman, although this treaty is a constitu-
tional shield in  defence of the ground I assume,
yet I will proceed and show, I think, to the satis-
faction of all unprejudiced minds, that the Chero-
kee treaty of 1835 was fai-ly made, upon a full
consideration, and ought to be fairly and truly ex-
ecuted, that a more beneficial and liberal treaty
was never made with an}' tribe;  and that no real
and sincere friend of the Indians s íould wish to see
it abrogated, nullified or violated   Now, sir, to the
law and to the testimony    The most intelligent
and influential Cherokee chiefs are quite rich, (lh°
owners of valuable  lands and slaves,)  and  they
have become so by the frequent receipts of annui-
ties and appropriations from the General Govern-
ment, while the great mass of the tribe are poor,
very poor, miserable creatures    The chiefs and
head-men areg nerally white Indians—not red In-
dians    By white Indians I mean those who have
more of the white man's blood m  their veins than
they have of the Indian stock.    John Ross, the
principal chief, is seven parts white, and only one
degree Indian    Mr Chairman, are you acquaint-
ed with the Indian character and customs'!    If you
are, you know they repose implicit confidence in
their head men    The law of their nation is the
will of their head-men. Ml the treaties of the Uni-
ted States with the Indian tribes have been m" V
w>th their chiefs.    The Cherokee Indians ha\ e, for
a number of years, had serious difficulties wi'h the
State of Georgia, and, to ad I to then misfortunes,
they also have had bitter intern?! divisions among
themselves    The chiefs and tribe have split mto
two formidable parties.   Amidst these difficulties
and dissensions John Ross and his party, delegates,
in the year 1835, came to Washington, and offered
to sell all the Cherokee nation east of the Missis-
sippi river, for the gross and lumped sum of twen-
ty millions of dollars. This proposition was prompt-
ly rejected by the President (General Jackson) as
being too extravagant and enormous, and very far
beyond the real valae  of the land.    Ross and his
associates then addressed a note m writing to the
President, reminding him " that he has often i emarl.-
ed, that he toettid grant the Indians as hbei al terms a?
Ulhe Senafe, or the friends of the Indians, would be «ni-
lingto alivio" and he asked that his proposition
might be submitted by the President to the Senate,
for their sense and opinion thereon.   In this fishing
diplomatic note, Ross wishes the sense of the Senate
to b* ascertained and pronounced, but does not pro-
mise to stand by their judgment.   The President
and his Secretary at War perceived the bait on the
hook, and declined all idle children's play with th 
adroit and skilful negotiator.   Let it be borne in
mind, that at that time the majority of the Senate
were politically opposed to the President.   Ros*
and his party then made another proposition of
sale to the President, and reference of value to the
Senate, which I will read from their own words:
Febkwrv 28, 1835.
Sir: Having submitted a proposition for a final
adjustment of our difficulties with the Government
of the United States, and understanding that the
President deems it too extravagant, tve must beg
that the subject be referred to the Senate, for its sense
on the question, ihe President having often told us
that he was disposed to treat us with liberal justice,
and that he would go as far as the Senate would
allow him in regard to money matters.
We therefore trust he v ill adopt this course.
Being extremely desirous that this unhappy con-
troversy might be speedily adjusted, and deeply-
sensible of our dependent condition, and confidmg
in the liberal justice of the United Slates Govern-
ment, we are prepared, so far as we are concerned,
to abide the award of the sense of the American Se-
nate upon our proposition, and to recommend the same
for the final determination of our nation.
We have the honor to be, sir,
Very respectfully,
Your ob't, humble servts.
JOHN ROSS,
R. TAYLOR,
DAN'L McCOY,
SAM'L GUNTER,
WM. RODGEBS,
To the Hon. Lewis Ca«s,
Secretary at  War.
The Secretary at War (Gov. Cass) answered the
letter I have just read, as iollows
Departmekt of Was,
March 6,1835.
Gentlemen: In your letter of the 28th ultimo,
you stated your readiness to accept for yourselves,
and to recommend to the Cherokee people to ac-
cept, such sum for then claims east of the Missis-
sippi river as the Senate of the United States might
deem just. The Senate have, by a resoluton,
stated, a^ their opinion, that " a sum not exceedidg
five millions rf dollars should be paid to the Cherokee
InJians for all their lands and possessions east of the
Mississippi river."
The President wishes now, as he has always
done heretofore, to treat with you in a spirt of can-
dor as well as liberality He has, therefore, di-
rected me to communicate to you at once, the reso-
lution of the Señale and to state his Willingness to
enter into a negotiation iuth you for the cession
of ait your claims east of the MisMssipp, upon
condition that the whole -amount ot the considera-
tion to be give i sha!! not exceed the above men-
tioned sum. This you were before informed should
be dons, and the pledge will be redeemed with
fideli'y
I am no.- ready to receive \our propositions con-
eernins the various stipulafons to be imbodied in
a Deaty for the protection oí pnvate rights, and
tor such airangements as may be necessary for the
remoial and and «-establishment of} our people.
Very, ¿c.
Mes-v Jonv Ro=s,                   LEWIS CASS.
R Taylor,
Dan'l McCoy,
SaM'L GlNTER,
Wm. Rodgers.
Now, Mr. Chairman, here is a proposition, on
behalf of Ross and his party, so far as they were
concerned, to ibide the award of the American
Senate in relation to the value of the Cherokee
country; the President directly acceded to that
propesition, and communicated the matter in dis-
pute to the Senate, and referred the value of the land
entirely to that enlightened body They took the
subject under consideration, and decided and d«-
