47%
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1838.
25th Cono •••2nd Sess.
appropriations for harbors—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
which a does not float Every corrupt, bought-up
Federal press in these United States, I am told, has
given it an insertion in its columns, and the mails
have groaned under the weight of its multiplied
numbers, by the franking privilege, ever smce if
made its appearance.
Sir, seeing, on one occasion, a great number of
Federal members engaged busily in franking docu-
ments, my curiosity induced me to walk round
among them to inquire what documents ihey were
franking for distribution. I asked one Mr Bond's
speech, another- Mr Bond's speech, another Mr
Bond's speech; another Mr. Bond's speech, and
so on. This led me to a perusal of my colleague's
speech, and the vast circulation which was given
to it, for political effect, induced me to collect ¡ ome
statistics by which I might neutralize any poison-
ous effects his speech might have on the political
atmosphere Those statistics I have procured, and
have them in my hand, and will ask that they may
constitute a part of my speech, which I design to
write out more fully than time will now permit
to deliver
But to the speech My colleague complains
that, within the last nine years, there has been an
increase of public officers and of public expendi-
tures, which he charges as a fault of the party m
power It is their fault, toe, I suppose, that withm
the same time, two new States have been added to
our Union, and several millions of people to our
population If public officers have been increased,
so has public business, and in a much greater ratio
As a matter of course, an increase of expenditures
must follow If this be an evil, it can only be
cured by stopping the extension of our settlements,
and the increase of our population. There is a
large increase of clerks in the New York custom-
house, but the business there has been more than
doubled There has been a large increase of
clerks m the Land Office; but the business oí that
office has increased ten fold It was physically
impossible that the President could sign the in-
creased number of land patents, and yet it is made
an offence to create another officer for that pur-
pose. There has been some increase of clerks m
the War Department, but the business in that De-
partment has been more than doubled The num-
ber of postmasters has been doubled, and so has
the number of post ornees, for the convenience of
the people
Would our new-light Bank Federal reformers
have six or seven thousand post offices discontinued,
to avoid an increase of Executive officers' Do the
people want any such reform? Would they shut
up the land offices, because to keep them open
requires an increase of officers? Would they deny
patents to purchasers of land, because it takes a
few additional clerks to make them out' Shall the
business of all the Departments remain undone,
because it requires more clerks to do it as it
increases with the growth of oui counny? These
would be reforms worthy of Federal Bank reformers'
Let the business of the people's Government re-
main undone, and the banks will govern for the
people
There are few offices, if any, in the country, in
which the public business has not increased faster
than the clerks and the expenditure. As our
country increases, the public officer? and public
expenditures must and will increase. It is una-
voidable, as every man knows. It is as stupid as
wicked to complain of the party in power on ac-
count of this increase, for no party can prevent it
and do its duty to the country. The only inquiry
should be, whether there are too many clerks to do
the public business, whether any of them spend in
idleness the time for which the people pay. If so,
they should be lopped off But no such thing is
alleged It is not asserted that the clerks who
have been added have not enough to do, or that (he
public business could possibly be done without
them.
These new-light Federal-Bank-Refonners pro-
pose no measures to retrench, because tfeey know
that no retrenchment can be made, but seek only
to nil the country with false impressions, for the
sake of producing political results favorable to the
Federal-Bank cause. Th*s game of base and foal
lying, to get into power, is as ojd as Absalom, the
son of David, and older too My colleague under-
takes to arraign certain members of the Administra-
tion for having, in some wstancss, received pay-
ment for extra services But does he pretend that
any one of them has received such compensation
in violation cf law' not at all He knows that the
principles upon which those alio .vanees were made
have been repeatedly adjudicated upon and sanc-
tioned by the Supreme Court, the highest judicial
tribunal in the country The allowance*:, there-
fere, were all lawful Is the principle wrong? If
gentlemen think so, why do they not bring forth a
proposition making all such allowances ■unlawful'1
If they were really in favor of a reform, or change
in this respect, should we not see them proving it
by acts, rather than by words'' They have a majori-
ty in this House, and have had during this seven
months' session, and yet they have made no at-
tempt at reform of any kind.
Perhaps my colleague may have thought the pros-
pect discouraging; but he ought not to have
stopped on that account, he ought rather to have
followed the example of the gallant Colonel Mil-
ler, who, when he was ordered on a perilous
service on the Niagara frontier during the war of
1812, did not say it was impracticable, but said "I'll
try, sir," to the commandng general He did try,
and he succeeded The achievment not only ren-
dered essential service at that crisis, but honored
his country's arms, and elevated his own fame. I
hope my colleague will not be dismayed, because
the undertaking of reform of the abuses of which
he complains is perilous If he wilt try he may
succeed, and if he does he will render essential
service to hi  country, and crown himself with
lawrels as unfading as those of Colonel Miller
But, sir, the fact that they content themselves
with mere clamor, without attempting to do any
thing to bring about reform, is conclusive that they
do not believe there is any thing wrong m the prin-
ciple, and have only one object in view, that is te
put others out office that they may get in How
they used their powerover the public money while
m office, and how they may be expected to uie it
again, I will attempt to show before I am done
But my colleague bring , a general charge against
the party in power, who, by their representatives
in part (Colonel Benton, Mr Cambreleng, and
others) had promised something like reform (should
they get into power) m abuses which they said ex-
isted, and which they set out in a report on that
subject, and which my colleague has presented in a
garbleimanner to the public attention, through his
speech Does my colleague not know that many
of the abuses m that report complained of, grew out
of the manner in which the powers that then existed
got into office, and the corrupt manner by which
they held the administration of the Government?
The Government fountain being corrupt, all the
streams that Sowed from it conveyed abuse and
violation wherever they reached, and that by a re-
formation of the Administration, most of the abuses
that flowed from it were dried up, which, in a great
degree, superseded the necessity of further reform
Some abuses still remained, they were reformed in
part, as I will show you before I am done Some
remain unreformed, and always will, as they do in
all Governments, and are of a nature like the cho-
lera, incurable Yes, sir, the people have made
that general reformation, by pulling down an Ad-
ministration that had its origin in a corrupt bar-
gain, and existed in violation of the spirit of the
Constitution, and the sacred right of the elective
franchise
Here, sl., permit me to name same of the objec-
tions my coll ague presents to the public against
this Administration Some of the practices which
he denounces as corrupt, and «till existing, notwith-
standing the reform the people were promised, and
permit me to compare these practices, that he is
pleased to denounce as corrupt, with those of a
ímilar character, but a thousand times more aggra-
vating, as practiced by the administration of
Messrs Clay and Adams, which is urged upon
as as worthy of example, and entitled to the con-
fidence of the American peop'e, and soon to be re-
vived.
My colleague complains that the aggregate «*•
penses of the Government far exceeds the expenses
of the administration of  the dynasty which he
wishes revived.
That there is an additional number of clerks in
all the Departments, and consequently an unneces-
sary expense incurred to the Government. Such
js the character of his charges against each of the
departments of the Government
And now, sir, I proceed to answer the gentle-
man on some of these charges, and, I trast, I
shall be not only able to prove many of these
destitute of foundation in truth, but that, the gen-
tleman has withheld many important truths m re-
lation to reforms and abuses, which it is due to this
Administration that the people should know
Sir, there is very little difference m the moral
offence of withholding the truth, where it may be
due to reputation and character that it should be
told, and telling that which is wilfully false The
gentleman constantly (indirectly) holds up to view
the coalition administration (Adams and Clay) as
a mirror, in which is to be seen a pure Adminis-
tration. I think, sir, we w ll find some corrup-
tions charged to this and the last Administrations,
which will be found to have been practiced with
impunity m. that One of the great violations of
econeray and extiavagant expenditures of the ad-
ministration of General Jackson was sending
Mr Buchanan and Mr Randolph severally,
as Ministers to Russia, with a salary of $9000
per annum, and an outfit of $9000, that each
of them staid but a year and a day, and then
returned Now, sir, let us see if we can off-
set this "useless" expenditure of General Jackson's
administration by one of a similar character m the
administration of Messrs Adams and 'Clay.
Daring the immaculate dynasty which my colleague
desires to have renewed, no less than three minis-
ters were sent to England, viz King, Barbour, and
Gallatin, with an annual salary of $9000, and an
outfit of §9000. This made 27,000 in outfit, be-
sides the nnual salary, which amounted to the
same. A so, the son of Rufus King, who was left
Secretary of Legation, was left by his father as
Charge d iffairs, who received an outfit of $4,500,
although (being there) he had not to fit out at all.
Then the account for inoney expended for keeping
up our legation in England during that short reign
of corruption and bargain, which only lasted fonr
years, was—
Outfit for R  King         -           -           -    $9,000
"    for A Gallatin     -           -           -      9,000
"    for J Barbour     -           -           -      9,000
"    for Mr King's son, who never was
fitted out          -           -           -      4,500
Salary for do      -           -           -           -      4,500
"       " Ministers       -           -           -    27,000
#63,000
Yes, sir, $63,900 was spent during that Adminis-
tration, to procure the discharge of the diplomatic
duties of one single individual I thmk this will
offset the Russia diplomatic story My colleague
had better have kept that story in the dark, as his
reform is a kind of one-sided reform My col-
league says that the State Department sent Mr.
Early to Bce;)ta with despatches, and that he
never delivered them, but received his pay Well,
sir, this was a hard case, and, taken in the abstract,
smacks ef fraud and improvidence But what is
the whole storj? Mr Early was sent to Bogota
with despatches when on the way, and wi'hin two
days of St Thomas, the vessel in which he had
taken pa«sage caught fire. There was a cargo of
powder on board The crew and passengers,
amounting to nineteen in all, were instantly, to
save their hve=, compelled to take to the boats, two
in number They had left the vessel but half an
hour when she blew up, and with her went the
despatches After the lapse of seventy-four hours
without water oi food, the famished erew reached
the island of H-ij ti, from whence they got home as
well as they could I believe Mr Early was paid
the same as though he had delivered the despatches.
Perhaps this was wrong; but I can tell you some-
thing worse under the «oalition administration.
Mr. <31ay (Secretary of State) sent Mr Pleasants
to Buen os Ayres with despatches. It is said that he
found the crew ratherjsnpleasant, (he being a plea-
sant man,) being principally mechanics and work-
