blX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                               47S
MX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Appropriations for harbors—Mr. Duncan.
July, 1838.________
25ih CovG""2\i) Stss.
He violated the positive laws of the land in mul-
titudes of ca-es, by causing moneys to be expended
for one purpose, when they were appropriated for
another
He made to Congress estimates for the serviee
of the Navy Department which were false, and,
year afkr year, spent, for contingencies, nine to
nine y thousand dollars more than was appro-
priated, taking it out of other appropriations, in
violation of law, and concealing the fact from
Congress
He made use of a favorite clerk in the Fourth
Auditor':, office, at a salary of $1,400, as special
agent to make certain payments, and by commis-
sions and a double salary, in violation of law, in-
creased his compensation to upwards, of $2,060 a
> ear for a series of years.
But the most obnoxious case remains to be no-
ticed. The Navy Agent at Boston had made ad-
vances on account of the Government during the
last war with Great Britain, upon which he claim-
ed irtetest That claim, amounting to $7,679 64, or
thereabouts, was allowed by Smith Thompson, Se-
cretary ot the Navy, in 1819, and passed to the
agent's credit Tne agent went out of office m
1826, and early in 1828, he made out an account
for certain alleged omissions in his former ac-
counts, going back to 1812, upon which he charged
inleie&t. This claim was submitted to Mr. South-
arl, who wrote thus oa the voucher with his own
hand, vu
' I f>inm> be allowed interest upon the aggregate advance of
£3 891 ~2, incontormity with the decision made by Mr Secre
tarv Thompson on uV former accounts
8th Ma ch 1S¿8                                               S L S "
Accordmg'y interest was calculated on the
voucher up to the time of settlement in 1819
This shows that Mr. Southard knew the interest
account had been settled.
Soon afterwards, the late Navy Agent trumped
up a new interest account upon his war advances,
obvious y unfounded and false in every particu-
lar Th.s new claim was submitted to Mr. South-
ard, who wrote a letter to the Fourth Auditor, as
JvmMjus, v z
Navy Department, May 21,1828
Sip Havingexammed the claims of Amos Bmney, late Navy
^gem ■> iluten, as far as the pressure of business during a ees
sion ot fA l_,re^i> ftlll permi,! see no reason to doubt the jus
ceo acUim n hispait for losses on Treasury notes, Ax But
I t'o io feel at 1 berty to authorize the allewance of any of the
i ems et^-p /oí interest actua'ly 'paid by him whichyeu
will be pleased ts settle
For he otner claims, he will be obliged to address him
se'fto C> gress, where, I do not doubt that his application
will be success! ul
"Warn respectfully, &c
SAM'Lt SOUTHARD"
' T Watkins, Esq Few Ih Auditor "
The Auditor took up the case, and passed an
aecrunt allowing upwards of THIRTY-ONE
THOUSAND DOLLARS for interest, when all
parties concerned, Mr. Southard, the Auditor and the
claimant, KNEW that every cent of just claim
for interest had been settled and paid nine years be-
fure' Yes sir> Mr. Southard fcnete if. I have given
an entry of his on a voucher, dated 8th of the pre-
ceding March, not three months prior to his letter
io the Auditor, conclusively protntig: that he knew
But this i* not all. This allowance gave Mr.
Bmnoy n  ready money. It all went as a set-off
against inr neys due trom him to the Government,
leaving him still in debt over $9,000. He ceuld
not, tliertioie, readily pay his corrupt instrument
in t us and many other gross frauds on the Govern-
ment But Mr Southard was kind enough to help
Him out Morey could not be legally advanced to
hi n out of tne Treasuiy, because he was not a dis-
bursing officer, having been two years out of office,
but law, or want of law, was no obstacle in those
g'onous times, which my colleague tkmks are soon
to be leMored So Mr. Southard advanced to that
man, who was officially reported in debt to the Go-
\ernment about $9,000, the comfortable additional
•- im of |30,000 more out of the Treasurj' Yes, sir,
having allowed a corrupt claim of more than
$30,000, he puts the recipient of his bounty m cash
by advancing him, m the face of the law, $30,008
more, to be covered by claims equally fraudulent
and corrupt; and it was afterwards covered by his
friend, the Fourth Auditor, and the Government
brought in debt upwards of $49,000, la addition}
buttheaccesuonofthe no-reform Adminístranos
of General Jackson, prevented the consummation
of this last outrage
What was done with,the $30,000 thus advanced
i* cash? I have heard what became of a part of it,
but I cannot prove it. So far, I have jiot spoken
what I believe merely, but what I tan prove. In re-
lation to the men and things of that day, I believe
many things which I cannot prove. I believe some
#10,000 ef the $30,000 advanced by Mr. Southard,
went directly to men in power, or was applied to pro-
mote their designs. Acharmmgly rare Ad ministra-
tion that was, when Secretarle, put the public
money m their pockets, $25,000 at a lick, and dis-
tributed it gratuitously to their favorites, or invest-
ments $30,000 at a Hme' Can the impudent assail-
ants of the present Administration justly charge it
with crimes like these? Yet, they are zealous to
thrust out the men who have put a stop to these
corruptions, and restore to power those who com-
mitted them. What a Fourth Auditor got fraudu-
lently from the Treasury, Secretaries guzzled down
in wines and meats, and other luxuries at his table,
or won of him in gaming. The Bank candidate
for the Presidency has been grossly wronged, if he
did not, in the way of brag and other games, profit
more by the current frauds on the Treasury, than
the men who committed ihem. But that was all
pure and right, Mr. Speaker; to pat an end to it is
no reform, tor which Mr. Van Buren flight to be put
out, and Mr. Clay put in.
And where now is the man who committed, au-
thorized, or winked at, all these corruptions? Do
you find any account of him in my colleague's
speech? Not a word, sir. There is too much of a
fellow-feeling between them. Mr. Southard, whe
held the Navy Department, is now one of the open-
mouthed foes to Executive corruption and abuse,
but if report speaks true, he profits as much by
bank abuses, as he could have formerly done bv
Government abuses He is president of one of the
gambling bank concerns of the day, a particular
adjunct and favorite of the Biddle bank, at a sa'ary
of $6,000 a year! He holds a public station which
gives him $8 per day, and at the same time I am told
receives his thousands m fees for practising as a law-
yer m the Supreme Court. He is paid as a bank pre-
sident, a legislator, and a lawyer, all at the same
time, and of course, is absent most of his time
froE Wus public duties, except when there is a baak
question on hand. Thereis no abuie ar corruption
¡n this. To be under pay by a bank, while pre-
tending to serve the people, is rro offence m the
eyes of those who would pull down this Adminis-
tration. But do you think, sir, the people, when
they understand the game, will be content to be
governed by bank presidents from New Jersey, and
bank attorneys from Ohio? The banks pay better
than the people. & is but a small part of $6,000
which a member of Congress gets from the people;
but the banks can afford to pay thumping salaries
and fees, especially to those who are honest enough
to represent them in Congress instead of their con-
stituents. One Henry Clay, who is looked to as
the restorer of the old order of things, is known to
have received in fees, from the Bank of the United
States, upwards of $17,000, and probably $20,000
mole from the branches What a pure Govern-
ment we shall have, when the President, heads of
Departments, and a majority of Congress, shall be
presidents, directors, stockholders, debtors, and
attorneys of banks' Should not the farmers, me-
chanics, and all other honest men in the country,
be required to tend a hand in putting down the pre-
sent Administration, that they may bring about so
glorious a reform?
To bring suspicion on innocent men, s one of
the arts u ed by villains to escape detectioin. Our
bank orators and stipendiaries practice upon this
principle Corrupt themselves to the very core,
they are eternally bawling corruption against *he
Administration, hoping to gam credence by their
impudence and their perseverance. The very men
who have practised all sorts of abu&e and corrup-
tiens at the expense of the people while in power,
and are sold body and soul to banks, great and
small, are now spending their money to dtssemi-
■ate far and wide a certain speech, knowing it to
be Charged with. faj e mid UbeUons imputations
H of Reps.
from beginning to end. To add the honors of of-
fice, and the emoluments of Government corrup-
tion, to those of bank corruption which they now
enjoy, without regard to honor, justice, decency, ©r
truth, is the great end and aim of all this false
clamor and mischievous industry.
Let the people not be deceived. Great refofm
was notoriously accomplished by Gen. Jackson's
administration in expelling from power the direct,
profligate, and felonious plunderers of the Trea-
sury. Yet it is said there has been no reform! and
the people are appealed to to restore the old order
of things. Yes, to restore Southard to the Navy
Department, and perchance Watkms to the Fourth
Auditor's Office, and Clay, the head man of the
whole corrupt gang, not to the State Department,
but to the Presidency dijure, as he once was Presi-
dent defacto. And poor old Gen. Harrison hav-
ing, with one White, been used by them until they
feel strong, is to be laid on the shelf, and yield all
honois to Monsieur Brag, the corruptest of the
corrupt. Whether honest men of any party can
be so deceived as to relish such reform, remains to
be seen.
My colleague has made an attack on the War
Department, and because there is an increase of
clerks and expenditures consequent upon the i- -
crease of business and unavoidable duties to more
than deuble of what they were in the times of the
economical administration of Messrt. Adams and
Clay, and has attempted to impress the public
mind that extravagance and profligacy mark this
Department with the rest, and that reform pro-
mised has been neglected in relation to this
Department.
To ascertain the facts, I called upon Mr. Pom-
sett, the Secretary of War, and presented him a
copy of my colleague's speech, with a request that
he would furnish me answers to the allegations and
charges contained in said speech. In conformity
with my request, he has been kind enough to fur|
nish me with the following statements. They are
full and complete so far as they go, and will be sa-
tisfactory to all who hear or see them. Comment is
unnecessary Time and space have not permitted
a further investigation into this and other Depart-
ments; but I have little doubt that the result, en
further investigation, wonld be the same. I before
stated that abuses do exist, always have existe!,
and always will exist, in this and in the adminis-
tration of all other Governments. It is impossible
that this vast political federal fabric can be con-
ducted without some abuses so long as frailty and
depravity exist and form a part of the very nature
of men, by whom it is governed. But here follows
the statement from the War Department.
Paymaster General's Ofpicb,
Washington, July 6, 1838.
Sir In compliance with your instructions to examine Mr.
Band's speech, as published in tHe National Intelligencer ©f the
4th ani 5th of May last, and report how his statements agree
with the facts as they are known to exist m this office, I have
the honor to submit the following statement
Mr Bond says, "in 1S2S, ths Paymaster Gel eral employed
three clerks, whose united compel gallon was $3,900 "
"In 1838 the salary of the same number of clerks is W,290,
besides tht- messenger's salary w
The estimates submitted to Congress for those years, show
that the sums a¡>sed for theclerks and messenger ia the ofiice
of the Paymaster General were as follows
In 1828 —( Cleros m the office of the Paymaster
General                                         83,900
Do       "Messenger              -                               700
--------84,680
In 1S3S —'-Clerks and messenger in the office of the Pay-
master General             •                           6,100
Difference between the two yeais                           81,500
Accounted for as loliows
The clerks and messenger in th« office of the Paymaster Ge
neral are appointed under the act ol the 20th April, 181ir, which
provides for viz
1 chief cletk at a saWry of «1 700                               Sl,708
1  clerk                      "         1,400                                 1,408
2  clerks                    "          1150 each                         2^00
3  clerks                     "          1,000 each                         3,000
1 clerk «800                                   Wi
1 messenger               "            700                                   700
83,900
The business of the office has net lequired at all times s->
many clerks, and they ha%e betn reduced accordingly In
1828, but three were employed, and-not all of these at theluga-
est salaries The numerous volunteers and militia, cabled into
service to suppress Indian hostilities, increased the trasmess so
much as to make it Indispensably necessary to re-employ oí e
ofthefive additional clerks to winch the office is entiüeé, and,
in order to retain the services ef competent persona, to allow t*
those employed the highest salaries provided by law     This
tastes she mmm ¡a ,be ssmn tw in ft* tw« y««*
L i
