478
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 135*.
25th Cong-"*2nd Sess.
appropriations for harbors—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Regs.
tiees of th« Peace for said District, Jame  K. Paulding, Secre-
tary of the Navy of the united States, and, being áuly sworn,
1.  That he docsnot know of any instance in which the Edi-
tors of the "Globe" have been allowed for printing for the Navy
hepartment a compensation greater than that usually paid to
other printers for pi rating, similar to that required to be done
by thoso Editors.
2.  That he does not know any instance since he has been at
the Head of the Navy Department, in which printing, not pro-
perly chargeable tu the United Stales, according to law er the.
usage  of his predecessor, has been ordered and paid ior out of
the public fund, either to the Editors of the Globe or any other
printers} and that he does not know of any of the ofiicers of
the Navy Department being tariffed or required to raise funds
topay for public documents or speeches to be published at the
office of the Globe or elsewhere.
3.  That no change as to the mode or prices in the execution
of the printing done for the Navy Department has been intro-
duced since he has been at its head, differing from that «us
tomary under his predecessors; and further saith not.
•                                         J. K   PAULDING.
Sworn and subscribed this 7th day of June, IS3S.
ROB'T GETTY, J. P.
Navy Department, June 7,1838.
The undersigned, clerks in the Navy Department, respect-
fully state, m answer to an inquiry contained in a letter of the
3d instant, addressed to the Secretary of the Navy by the Hon.
.Tames J McKay, chairman of the select committee of the
House of Representatives, to which was referred so much if
the memorial of F. P. Blair as invites a scrutiny into all his
accounts for printing for Congres  and the public offices, that
they have not "been tariffed or required to raise funds to pay
for public document  and speeches to.be published at the office
of theOlobe, oi elsewhere."
(Signed)                  JOHN BOYLE.
J. D. SIMMS.
L. B. HARDIN.
THOS   L   RAGSDALE.
B M. VOORHEES.
H. STARK.
M. POOR.
A. H. ttUINCY.
N. B. BOYLE.
Sworn and subsciibed before me, at Washington CKy, this
7thdarofJu>!o, 183S.
(Signed)                ROBT. GETTY, J. P.
A declaration like the above was sworn to and
subscribed by the clerks in the Navy Commission-
ers' office, before Chas. W. Goldsborough, J. P.
and seat to the committee.
There are 444 clerks in all the Departments.
Of these a large majority are in opposition to
the Administration, and to the press which
supports it; and yet, with perfect unanimity, they
bear unhesitating testimony to the ultcr groundless-
ness of the charge made by the members from
Tennessee, [Messrs. Crockett and Carter.] It
appears there was not the slightest circumstance to
countenance it—not a pretence to found it on. It
was made on this high authority, was to do
mischief to th« Administration in the approaching
elections, under the hope that inquiry might be
baffled during the remnant of the session, or that
the committee would not be able to examine the
whole subject submitted to it; and that as it could
not report in full, the evidence would not come out
in time to correct what I might call fabrica-
tion, until it had done its work for the party. To
defeat this iniquitous scheme, I felt myself called
on to seek from the same quarter the same evi-
dence which the committee has obtained, and I
use it to put in a proper light before the country
those who would abuse their high station to destroy
the reputations of innocent men for party objects.
It appears from the official and verified state-
ments of the Departments, that no increase of price
on any'jobs executed for them by the Globe office,
has in any instance taken place; on the contrary,
that great reductions have been made on several;
and on inquiry, I learn that the printers and others
•who appeared before the committee, who measured
the work, and made the requisite calculations to
ascertain whether it had been well done by the
Globe office, and charged for according to law,
proved, as far as they progressed, that all was right.
To enable the public to judge of the excess of
profits; which my colleague, [Mr. Bond,] by his
aggregate of #290,000, would make the impres-
sion had been made by the Globe office, I have
obtained from Mr. Rives, who has the entire man-
agement of the establishment, the following state-
ment!
«The prices which Congress pays for its printing were fixed
by three disinterested practlcalprtnters in 1819, residing in dif.
ferent sectioiwof the Union. Two week  after the Globe office
commenced printing for Congress, (the Uth December, 1835,)jhe
wages of journeymen printers were raised by the Typograpreal
Society of this; city, 10 per cent, on former prices  That
fate has continued ever since; but the price paid by Congress
ha  remained unaltered."
•rf^S.QJ??e«0<B£e and materials cost 840,080; the wear and tew
WSn8fMjW i  boflt 5^0t) * yew; the interest on  40,<X  k
82,400; the hands in the Globe office have been paid in six
years «140,000; the paper used in printing for the Departments
and Congress, cost S68¡000."
It will be seen, therefore, from the foregoing
statement, that the actual expenditure of the Globe
office, in connection with the public work, is
$268,000; a sum greatly exceeding the amount re-
ceived from the Treasury. Yet a reasonable profit
has been made upon the public work, because an
establishment adequate to its performance in the
intervals of public employment, and in association
with it, is enabled, by publishing newspapers,
speeches for members of Congress, jobs for private
ndividuals, and advertisements, to add largely to
ts income.
I now turn to the public printing executed at the
ewspaper offices of the Opposition in this city One
would suppose from the outcry that they, at least(
had been prescribed, as they pretend the offise-
holding partisans of Federalism have been, and
were almost starving for patronage, while the Globe
was rioting in an enormous monopoly. My col-
league—who has been almost petrified with horror
at the extravagance of the Administrations which
(with the command of the Departments and majo-
rities in Congress) have, in a course of six years,
allowed the only press in this city advocating the
Republican policy to derive a reasonable profit on
work and materials furnished to the amount of
$220,000—dqjs not think worth while to mention
the trifling amount which has passed through the
mills ef the Intelligencer and Telegraph during the
same six years, and when both were devoted to the
cause ef the Opposition. Every body in Washing-
ton knows (it is of record) that the National Intel-
lenger, office, house and lot, types, presses) profits
due and to become due, are deeded to the Bank of
the United States for facilities granted it at vamous
times, amounting to between ninety and one hun-
dred thousand dollars. This is prima foot proof
that it has been starved at the Treasury during the
six years that the Globe has rolled in such abun-
dance. I have looked to the record, and find that
the editors of the National Intelligencer have
drawn the following sums from the Treasury dur-
ing the six years of long abstinence that the Globe
interfered with its income:
Gales and Seaton received during the six years be-
ginning the 1st October, 1831, and ending the
30th September, 1837      -           -  #432,348 18
Duff Green received            -           -    363,293 94
Together,           #795,642 12
For the extra session, in the name of
Allen, up to  this time (7th July)
Gales and Seaton have received
for printing to the House -           - $120,000 00
In addition to this, is an appropria-
tion of $49,000, which has just
passed, for the purchase of Gales
and Seaton's Register of Debates,
(volumes made np from the pages
of  the   Intelligencer)   and other
books which they have printed and
kept on hand for distribution, at
the expense of the public, ameag
the members.   Of this sum, a few
job printers in this city will come
in for five or six thousand dollars.
Gales and Seaton's part will be at
least .... 43,000 00
For work ordered at this session and
not yet paid for, there will be added
to the receipts of Gales and Seaton
(in the nane of Allen) at least - 15,000 00
The sum total already voted by the
present House to its printers, is - 178,000 80
If the next session of three months
may be calculated upon as the ra-
tio, (and as there is always more
work done in the samé space of
time in the short session than the
long one,) it is a fair calculation
that one-third of the printing ex-
petrákure already incurred by the
House, may be set down for the
comjng short session—that is      -      5S$$eiO0
The following results <re .^wr¿byxá í~«si .*
parisott:
1st. The editors of the Intelligencer will have re-
ceived for the printing for one branch, dutmg tkt
25th Cengrm, and for old books distributed among
the members, seventeen thousand dollars more than
the whole amount which my Isolleague (Mr. Bone]
has drawn together for work done by the Globe
establishment for all the Departments, and for Con-
gress, during six years.
2d. It shows that the two leading Opposition
presses in this city have received about one.mithon
dollars, commencing with the period whjch my
colleague [Mr. Bond] has fixed upon as beginning
the condemned career of the Globe establishment.
And yet my colleague sees nothing extraordinary
in the enormous expenditure on the National Intel-
ligencer, but is shocked at the pampered condition
of the Globe.
But if the difference of amounts received by the
two establishments is amazing, the mode in which
the Intelligencer's receipts have been so swollen is
not less astonishing.
Neither branch of Congress has ever bee  soli-
cited by the proprietors of the Globe to print books
for distribution among the members; nor have any
such publications been voted to be done by the
Globe office. Only two works, I understand, have,
passed through its press—the Diplomatic Corre-
spondence of the United States from 1783 to 1789,
and the Commercial Regulations. The formsr
was printed for less than it had been dons for pre-
viously; and the latter, which had not been printed
before, wm printed and bound at less than Con-
gressional prices.
The enormous sums which  have swelled the
bloated receipts of the Intelligencer, are made up
of books to fill the private libraries of merabers of
Congress, being the republication of old State pa-
pers   and Registers of  Debates, Containing   the
speeches of the members themselves.   This sys-
tem of seducing members of Congress, by their
private interests and personal vanity, to vote the
wagon loads of volumes annually distributed from
the Intelligencer office, began before I came here.
The old members having obtained their share, the
new comers do not refuse what has been previously
printed for them: and the old members, as matter
of course, vote it, because, if they did not, it would
be an acknowledgment that they had tsken money
from the Treasury to .make perquisites in books
for themselves to which they were not entitled; and
so this abuse is handed down irora Congress to
Congress by the rump of the old members, who
are obliged to give to the new members the douceur
of books which they had previously shared among
themselves.   I voted for this resolution.   I regret
that I done so.   I did not understand at the time
its full bearing, and the amount it involved; and I
now say, that the portion of the books which fausto
me, is the property of the Government, and at its
service, whenever it may be found advantageous to
surrendertbem.   The Senate have again andigain
voted down this appropriation; but the majority in
the House then tack i tin some indispensable ap-
propriation bill, and compel the Senate to vote it,
and the President to sign it, or else lose the means
of supporting some regalar establishment of the
Government, and be compelled to throw the busi-
ness of the country into confusion, or leave it un-
done.   The forty odd thousand dollars appropri-
ated to the Intelligencer's book contribution, was
rejected  by the Senate at the present session, as
heretofoie; but it was afterwards coupled by'ihe
House with the bill "to provide for ¡he snppori-of
the Military Academy of the United States" for the
year J 838, and for other purposes," and so forced
upon the Senate and President.   It is m this way,
when the Federalists have a majority in either
branch of Congress, that they compel a Democra-
tic Administration to submit to the appropriation of
unnecessary millions, with which, by log-rolling,
they load the bills indispensable to the support of
Government.    Their corrupt appropriation*  to
subserve private, local, and personal interests, are
always tacked to a bill which must be passed, or
the Government bfe stopped.
Bat another, mode  s adopted by the Federal
party havwg.thVmajdritjf in either House, to swell
the expends against the wishes of the Administra-
