July, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
25th Cong*•••2nd Sess.
Appropriations for harbors—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
turn, and then charge the extravagance to it. For
example, at the present session, the House printed
mere than one hundred thousand dollars in docu-
ments, many of them not worth the paper (now
made waste paper,) on which they are printed. Of
thi* sort is a volume of one hundred and thirty-
eight pages, consiiiing entirely of the cancelled
drafts of the Treasury which my colleague [Mr.
Bond] called for, and had printed. He could have
had no motive m calling for this but to make a fat
job of rule and figure work for Gales and Seaton
It is just as valuable a work as so many cancelled
checks drawn on a bank. In the beginning of the
session, Mr. Garland of Virginia, A Conserrative,
called for the correspondence of the Treasury with
the banks. The House was informed that there
were not clerks in the Department sufficient to pre-
pare it during the term of the members. It would
have made a fat job of at least $50,000, on which
the gentleman's friend, Mr. Allen, would have had
a per eentage, and Gales and Seaton their profits
Another call was made by him for all the docu-
ments in regard to the defaulters to the Treasury,
and this would hare been to copy and print the pa-
pers of the office of the Solicitor of the Treasury
out and out. This would, besides the expense of
copying, cost at ] ast $50,000 more for printing.
It was found there were not clerks enough to make
the copies, and Mr Garland moved a resolution
to authorize new appointments for this purpose,
but it failed This shows what the Conservatives
and Whigs would have dene, by way of bringing
grist to Gales and Seaton's press, to afford va<=t
profits to them, and increase the per centage of
Allen. What they have done appears, from the
gross sum of a hundred and twenty thousand dol-
lars for the extra and present session of the House
printing, with an arrear of fifteen thousand dollars
yet to be received for it, with forty-three thousand
dollars for books; and at least fifty-nine thousand
dollars to be realized, at the same rate, for the ap-
proaching session, showing an aggregate ef TWO
HUNDRED AND THIRTY SEVEN THOU-
SAND DOLLARS for one branch of Congress
for one Csngressional term; whereas Messrs.
Blair and Rives have received, during the six
years by colleague [Mr. Bond] has scanned their
pnatmg, only one hundred and si* thousand dol-
lars for Congress printing and materials, and one
hundred and fourteen thousand from all the De-
partments, for the same time.
But the most scandalous part of this history of
the printing of the House is yet to be told. Al-
though Gales and Seaton receive all this money
for printing, they were not elected its printers.
Allen was elected to perform this confidential
trust, although he had only about SI or 22
votes in a House of S42 members Does it not
look as though after three days' balloting a corrupt
bargain was made, under which it was arranged
that Allen was to become nominally the printer to
the House, but Gales and Seaton were to do the
work and receive the pay? After the caucus was
held which consummated the infamous agree-
ment, (if such was the case,) by which it was
stipulated that Gales and Seaton's friends would
go over to Allen and unite with the Conservatives
m his election, suspicions were excited by the
announcement of this determination; and several
of the honest Conservatives, whose votes were ne-
cessary to the success of Allen, interrogated him as
to the supposed intention of transferring the print-
ing to Gales and Seaton. He denied positively
that there existed such an engagement, and pledged
himself to execute the printing in his own office,
declaring that he was making provision for that'
purpose. That he made the pledge, and forfeited
it, is established by the statement of a member on
this floor, [Mr. Snyder, of Illinois ] Their votes
were, in effect, sold to Gales and Seaton, although
they protested, in advance, against being made
accessory to such a shameful and corrupt trans-
action.
Mr Chairman,a-Ugh public trust, persona! in its
character, has be«  farmed out in violation of all
principle and decency, to individuals to Whom it is
known a majority of this body, as well as their con-
stituents, were unwilling to confide it; and Allen,
In violation of another Republican principle, holds
a sinecure. Will any one hereafter say, that this
House is to be trusted to elect the Chief Magistrate
of this country, when it is found, that in electing
a printer, pecuniary considerations, the bases of
bargaining between parties, have controlled the re-
sult.
Another natural consequence of this bar-
gaining, has been discovered before the com-
mittee appointed to investigate the subject This
committee being appointed at the heel of the
session, has not yet had time to make full investi-
gation, and report; but I feel at liberty to use the
information which I have derived from a witness,
sworn before it A first rate practical printer, call-
ed on by that committee to measure the work and
calculate the pnce which it was lawful to charge
for it, and compare it with that which Gales and
Seaton, m the name of Allen, as printer to this
House, had received for it, found that the first
document printed for this House at this session, by
Gales and Seaton, was fraudulently printed, and
hat by diminishing the page, and using types dif-
ferent from those authorized by law, they had
made an illicit profit, amounting to between thir-
teen and fourteen hundred dollars. He examined
another document, and found a like fraud commit-
ted, end an unlawful profit of between 3 and £400
obtained by it. This was but a beginning. The
committee had not time to prosecute the in-
quiry further at thi3 session, and asked leave
to continue it at the next, which was grant-
ed. I have a statement of these facts, m
writing, from the witness, as sworn to by
him before the committee. He is a first-
rate printer, well acquainted with Congressiona
work, and of un mpeaehable character. I have
little doubt from this commencement that it will be
found in the end, that Gales and Seaton have made
as much out of their frauds, as will pay Allen the
per centage he required as compensation for the
deception practised upon those Conservatives whom
he betrayed; and to make good to those who acted
witft htm his promise, to convert the consideration
he received into the means of supporting the press
established in this city for their common benefit.
All the legitimate profit-, upon the public work will
thus, probably, be cleared to the Intell'gencer, and
the aliment of the Madisoman will be derived
from the frauds committed by hi : Whig accom-
plices on the Treasury. How characteristic this
of the two printing concerns, and the two parties
which entered into the vile coalition that gave
birth to the bastard Madisoman? Is it not noto-
riously fed on offal of the foul psculations of the
Intelligencer? And this is an earnest of what
the Federal party Will do for the little Spartan band
of Conservatives, who shall have joined their
standard, in the event of success. They will, no
doubt, give them a share of the plunder, but not
an atom of the power, of the Government.
Will not the American people ask, for whose
interests the honor of the great representative body
of this country has been compromised, and its
hall made a market place, m which the votes of
members, and a high public trust, have become a
subject of mercenary barter between the leader  of
two parties assuming to be actuated by lofty poli-
tical principles? When understood, their prin-
ciples are like the man for whom they have sacri-
ficed the noble character of the country He is an
Englishman, a perfect prostitute in politics—notori-
ously the stipendiary of the Bank of the United
States—and the ready instrument of every fac-
tion, which, in alliance with that institution, would
contribute to the overthrow of our Republican w-
•strfations. He is an alien, too, m all his fellings
He was found the willing organ of Gorostiza m
vindicating the cruel and perfidious conduct of
Mexico towards our citizens, and its insults to our
Government. He took the part of France, when
she shamefully withheld the indemnity she was
pledged by treaty to pay, and endeavored to throw
the blame on our Government, and raise a party
for France, in case we were dnven to war in de-
fence of our rights. He has encouraged the re-
sistance of the Indians to the policy of the Govern-
ment, and stimulated the feeling which led to the
butchery of so many gallant men, the exhaustioa
of the public Treasury, and the rmn of the la-
dians, whose cause he pretended to espouse. It is
on this dishonest fraudulent Englishman, that more
than a million of the public money has been lavish-
ed from first to last. And yet my colleague, [Mr.
Bond,] and the party with which he is associated,
think him poorly compensated.
Mr Chairman, I think I have said, perhaps
more than once, that there are existing abuses; and
for reasons which I have given, abuses will exist.
But if " those «ho administer this Government
were as pure as the angels that minister m Hea-
ven," there would be lean, lank, hungrv, Tinprinci-
pled hyenas to howl around this Capitol, with ap-
petites pi epared not only to devour the reputation
of those who live to administer the Gavernment,
but the grave itself would be insufficient to secure
the dead from their blighting and withering howl.
My colleague has finished his speech with a case
irom the Old Testament Scriptures, illustrative, as
he supposes, of the corrupting influence of power
upon the Democratic party; the total want of ana-
log) between which, in some of its strongest points,
may oe easily perceived, for while Hazael came to
the throne by the murder of hu> master, that is,
through blood and crime, the present and past Ad-
ministrations came inte power, not by crimp and
blood, but by the suffrages of a free and mdepen-
pent people, and by the same operation which
brought these Administrations into power, was a cor-
rupt and usurped Administration politically throttled,
and its corrupt workers of iniquity thrown into the
mud. But, sir, to the Scriptural case I shall
close my remarks by a reference to a ca«e from the
<ame high authority Sir, the course of the party
at present out of power—but earnestly desiring,
and sparing no pains, labor, or expense, to get into
power—reminds me, and may remind the country
forcibly, of the case of the unfortunate Absalom. I
refer not to his contriving the death of Amnon, nor
his forming a conspiracy with Ahithophel against
the administration of the government, but to his
ambition, and the means he used with the people to
carry his designs.
Being suffered to return from his banishment
into the neighborhood of the throne he plied his
political wiles with the unb^specting people, al-
ledging that justice was not done them, promis-
ing if Ae was put into office, that things should be
made better. Thus speaking, and forming a party
against the Government, we are told that Absalom
rose up early, and stood beside the way of the
gate, and if any man had a controversy, and came
to the king for judgment, then Absalom said "The
matters are good and right, but there is no man de-
puted of the king to hear thee O1 that I were
made judge m the land, that every man which
hath a suit or cause might come unto me, and /
would do him justice " And it was so that when
any man came nigh to him to do him obeisance, be
put forth his hand, and took him and kissed him. So
Absalom stole the hearts of the men of Israel He
sent spies throughout the land (political mission-
aries) to all the tribes of Israel, and under pre-
tence of piety towards God, he left Jerusalem
for Hebron, where he was to set up his authority.
But ere his mad ambition obtained its consumma-
tion, the beast which he rode forsook its rider,
and Absalom fell by the hand of trusty Joab, whs
made his grave in a pit
Absalom went out to war upon a mule—a mos-
grel beast, half horse, half ass. What kind of a
mongrel hobby is the present Opposition mounted
on? Bank, Anti-bank—Tariff, Anti-tanff—Maso-
nic, and And mason.c, &c. &c. They have no
opinion in common, except it is hostility to the peo-
ple's best interests, and a contempt for their under-
standing, or, in other words, a decided haired to
the simple msututions of Democracy. But when
the people shall rise in their strength, this modern
mule shall forsake its riders, and leave them to
the fate of Absalom.
With all the ambition and chicanery of Absa-
lom, backed by the cunning of his counsellor, Ahi-
tophel, the Federal party never can again succeed
in getting into power. They have been driven
into political banishment, from which they never
will be persutted to return.
