480
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1,8,38.
25th Cong—2nd Sess.
Indian hostilities—Mr. Dawson.
H. of Reps.
suppression of indian hostilities.
Speech of mr. dawson,
Of Georgia,
In the House of Representatives, May 31, 1838—On
the bill making appropriation for the suppression •
and prevention of Indian hostilities, for the year
' 1838, and to carry into execution the treaty made
with the Cherokee Indians in 1835; and to pro-
vide for their removal, and in vindication of the
policy of Georgia, &c.
Mr. Chairman ¡ I am sure that the committee
will cheerfully indulge me with a hearing on the
bill hoto before us. The extraordinary latitude
taken in the discussion, the unkind if not illiberal
imputations, yea, the unprovoked and provoking
attacks repeatedly made upon the authorities of
Georgia, in reference to the policy of that State to-
wards the Indians within her jurisdiction; not only
justify, but demand it of me. Sir, I deeply regret
the temper and character of this discussion; it has
given me no pleasure to hear such representations
of the legislation of the State of Georgia. I heard
with surprise the extravagant and enthusiastic eulo-
gies pronounced on the Indians in contrast with the
whites. Such unnecessary and highly wrought
comparisons and contrasts can only result froto a
total ignorance of the subject, er from a prurient
disposition to be esteemed the bold assailants of the
supposed oppressors, and the vindicators of the op-
pressed ; a propensity which rnust have many
charms, from th  influence it seems to exert over
yjnie gentlemen. These things would render it in-
excusable in me to remain silent. The attacks thus
made on my constituents, a just senseof the injury,
and of the resentment due to such ruthless viola-
tions of the respect due to the feelings of others,
by such groundless and uncourteous allegation's,
would make me a recreant to my duty, and a traU
tor to my constituents) if t were to remain silent.
Menor, feeling, justice and humanity have been
spoken of as being disregarded, in the relations be-
tween the white and the red man in Georgia, by
those who do not understand those relations, and,
consequently, deserve severe reprehension for their
slanderous denunciations. Independent of these
urgent considerations, it is due tr> the position I oc-
cupy, as a representative of the State of Georgia,
and to those Who particularly sent me here, that I
should present the views I entertain on the subject.
I will show that Georgia, in her legislation, has
uniformly observed a cautious and just regard for
the interest of the Indians; controlled them by the
principles of humanity and justice; and that, what-
ever kindness and liberality (compatible with the
rights of the State) would dictate, has been done.
To comprehend fully the rights of Georgia to all
the territory, and the jurisdiction over it, within her
chartered limits, and to present her vindication
fairly, it will be necessary to examine into the
rights belonging to the States separately, before the
formation of she Federal Constitution. I shall then
show what has been our State policy, and that this
policy has not been in violation of, or incompatible
with, a just, a %vise, and a liberal humanity. In
this I shall confine myself chiefly to recorded facts,
so that, if my constitutional positions be wrong, or
the policy of the State be cruel or oppressive, both
can be easily controverted.
The first position which I shall assume, and
which I deem necessary to a full understanding of
the right of jurisdiction of the States over the whole
extent of their chartered limits, is, that at the time
of the formation of the Constitution of this confe-
deracy, the States were severally sovereign and in-
dependent. Each State being sovereign, was so,
not only over persons residing within their respec-
tive limits,, but necessarily over the territory. And
what territory? - .Why, all that comprehended with-
in the charter which granted them political exist-
ence, as separate and distinct colonies under the
crown of Great Britain. Within those chartered
limits, the State holding the sovereignty held the ju-
risdiction.
The convention which formed the compact of
this confederacy, bestowed on the Federal Govern-
ment the exercise of a portion of their sovereign
powers.   To do this,"th« -States must have previ-
ously possessed it entire; or how else could they de-
legate it? The right to bestow, implies clearly the
pre-existing right te hold; and the act of receiving,
is of itself a recognition of the power of the
grantor.
Before the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
the sovereign power must have been held by the
States respectively; for the powers exercised by this
Government are all derived f-em the States. The
States, then, having delegated a part, retained all
the powers not thus delegated to the General Go-
vernment, or prohibited by the compact to them.
The States, being then in possession of these
powers, after the adoption of the Constitution, had
the original right, under the retained sovereign
powers, and also under the Constitution of the Uni-
tsd States, to exercise all power not thus delegated.
Georgia then, as well as the other States, had sove-
reignty and jurisdiction within her limits, over both
persons and territory ; and the undoubted right to
use that jurisdiction, subject only to the limitations
of the Constitution: hence, it is clear that the State
of Georgia, like all othe,r States or nations, has ju-
risdiction over all persons, white, red or black,
within her boundaries, and can exercise that juris-
diction by extending her civil and criminal laws
over the entire population without distinctioaof co-
lor. There is nothing in the Constitution or the
law of nations exempting Indians.
But again: under the Constitution of the United
States, Indians residing within a State are subject
to taxation at the will of the State; and after taxa-
tion, they become, in part, the basis of representa-
tion, I refer to the following clause of that instru-
ment:
Article I. Section 2 Representatives and direct taxes shall
be appoi doned among the several States Which may he includ-
ed in this Union, according to their respective nurohere, *hieh
shall be determined by adding to the, ivhoie number Of free
persons, including those bound to service for a term of years,
and excluding Indians not taxed, three-fifths of all other per-
sons.
The power of .taxation is one of the highest and
most important of sovereign attributes; and here,
in the Constitution, this power is expressly recog-
nised: does it not, then, necessarily follow, that the
power of taxation carries with it, not as an inci-
dent merely, but absolutely, the authority to create
a tax, And to regulate the assessment, and the
other incidents necessary to the execution of the
power? If this be so, (and it is clear,) that In-
dians can be taxed by a State, under whose juris-
diction must they be? Let any constitutional law-
yer, whose opinions are opposed to these views,
and who thinks proper to enter into this debate,
come to the argument fairly, and with candor—
not as a partisan, or an enthusiast—and I am per-
suaded, his investigations wiil force him to admit
that this power belongs to the States respectively.
To my mind, sir, it is beyond controversy.
Then, by the Constitution of the United States,
independent of the original right of sovereignty,
inherent and reserved to the States, wider that instru-
ment, the States respectively have the right of ju-
risdiction over the Indians within their limits.
This position involves the whole question of the
Cherokee controversy, so far as the State of Geor-
gia is particularly involved; and I shall listen (at
the proper time) with great pleasure to any
gentleman who shall be pleased to controvert this
position. But, sir, I apprehend none will desire to
meet the question thus presented, but will prefer to
indulge in the expressions of the sympathies of the
heart, and not in the convictions of the under-
standing.
Under this right of jurisdiction, Mr. Chairman,
notwithstanding the sympathies and morbid sensi-
bilities exhibited by gentlemen in this debate, every
old State in this Union has, long since, exercised
this very power, and extended their laws over the
Indians residing within their limits: but, sir, none
of the tender feelings and yearning sympathies are,
in these days, indulged by our political enthusiasts
and religious fanatics at home. It is one of those
characteristic of those under the influence of this
malignant philanthropy, to disregard their own act-
ings and doings, and the conduct of those imme-
diately around them; and their distempered hu-
manity and mistaken sympathy are sent ¡ére/td in
search of their objects.
-la days that have have pasted away, we «rere
taught that charity should begin at horns. It is net
so now; it begins anywhere else than at himS.
Hence it is that our people, in certain sections, are
found intermeddling with the affairs of others;
shedding tears over the condition of those whom
they have never seen, and whose comforts and
pleasures far exceed those of three-fourths of. the
world. I trust I shall be pardoned for this digres-
sion. If there be a State among the old mityeen
which has not extended her jurisdiction over" the
Indians, Í ask any member from that State to rise
in his place, and state the fact. Who will do it?
líot one, sif.
The history of the States has recorded itj many
©f them did so before the adoption of their own
constitutions; yes, sir, before the formation of the
articles of the confederacy v To prevent a Stat
from the exercise of this jurisdiction, and its en-
forcement, you must show the inhibition in the
Constitution of the United States. I ask gentlemen
to point out, in that instrument, the clause which
prohibits a State from exercising this power. It
cannot be shown. I assume, then, this position:
that the Indian tribes within the chartered limits
of a State, are not sovereign and independent.
Sir, no member on this floor, who regards his repu-
tation as a statesman, would venture the opinion
that Indian tribes within a State, and especially
within one of the old thirteen, are not subject to
the laws of that State, by virtue of their sovereign-
ty. Once admit that position, and our ideas of dis-
covery and conquest, and all their consequences,
fall.                                              .*
The legislation of the States has'closed the ar-
gument; and it is an important historical truth,
which these enthusiasts and fanatics ought to recol- -
lect, that the. Indians within the old thirteen States,
and the lands in their occupancy, have, for years,
been regulated by the laws of the States in which
they reside, and not by treaties; and, sir, notwith-
standing all that we have heard te the contrary
Georgia!—yes, sir, Georgia! was not only among
the last, but the very last of the old thirteen, to take
on herself the regulation of the Indians by law;
and yet Georgia has been censured, abused, and
slandered, for doing that which her sister States
had done, and long persevered in, before she even
contemplated.it.
I will be exeused, I trust, for adverting to a few
historical facts in-reference to this point, not for
the purpose of censure or reproach, but to show
others that Georgia was far more tardy than them-
selves in establishing this principle of jurisdiction.
Massachusetts herself, at an early period, and
whilst she was a colony, extended her laws over
every tribe of Indians within her borders: nay,
more, she limited their rights of occupancy to so
many acres of land-, appointed guardians for them;
among other prohibitions, made it penal for an In-
dian to become intoxicated, and, if found so, he
was liable to stripes. Many seemingly rigorous
and oppressive laws were enacted by that State, to
regulate and control those Indian trues. The fan-
atic of the present day would weep over the mis-
deeds of those who have gone before us, and ask
of Heaven to look in mercy on them! What
weakness! what ridiculous sanctity ! Sir, I have
a deep and sincere regard for our Puritan fore-
fathers; they have, for centuries, been the theme of
eulogy and eloquence; but the restless, intermed-
dling, morbid philanthropist of this generation, de-
nounces them as demons. It is the part of wis-
dom and of duty to regard our ancestors with res-
pect, and to have a sacred regard for their charac-
ter and their virtaes. Every age and section of
the world must be controlled and governed by the
existing causes and circumstances which surround
them; and he is a useless and troublesome fool,
who disturbs society by his hypocritical whimngs
andcantingsover the transgressions, ashe supposes,
of his progenitors.or the actings doings and of his con-
temporaries, beceause they value common sense,
and totally disregard his sickly and wicked intermed-
dling with the affairs of others, and his absurd, at-
tempts to changeibe destiny of the world. I have no
doubt Massachusetts acted towards the Indians ac-
cording to the necessities of the times, the charac-
ter, fee1 feelings,- and relations existing between
; .them^jst, ante awseOasrs  and the influence ot
