Boa
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juse, 1838.
25th
Cong>-"2nd Sfs*.
Pre-emption to settlers—Mr. Yell.
sage of the first general pre eruption law, Arkansas
was but sparsely settled, and what seitlcmen's she
could boast of weie con lined principally Jo a com-
paratively few counties In the years 1831 arel
1832, and since thos* periods, the tide of ermgia-
tion has been rapidly setting to the WW, carrying
with it a body of emigrants, men of nerve, of cor-
rect and industrious habits, who are now, and evei
will be, ready to fight your battles and defend youi
rights. Some of them, probably thousand", have
received the benefits arising out of the act of 1830.
Some of them obtained then pre-emptive righis
whilst they were residents of Alabama, Mississippi,
Illinois, and Missouri The country in which they
■were onginall} located, and whilst residents of
which thpy obtimed pre-emptive rights, was found
uncongenial with ti eir habits, their wishes, their
wants, or was not calculated to real ze their hopes
and anticipations They had prejudices to gratify,
they had families which looked up to them far sup-
port, and the realization of better days they re-
solved that they wou'd emigrate to the new wilds of
the still further West, and there, amid luxuriant
regions, abounding w uh fertile plains and prairie ,
and pellucid lakes, and those other alluiements
"which have lived m the fancy of the poet, or been
blazoned on the speaking canvars of the painter, it
they have been traversed by the enterprising trader,
to establish their home , rear their offspring, and
transfer thp forest into cultivated fields Tneir
examples are entitled to all commendation But
because they hip,lened to have received, tnrough
the indulgence and wisdom of the pre-e-n,-tivo
laws, a little bounty, a miserable stipend, unda the
act of 1830, and the acts subsequent to it, anil
made use of it, in carrying civilization, and human
enterprise, and justice, and law, still further West,
would- you issue the law of proscription against
them, and cut them off from all participation of
the act now before us, which is, in fact, and will
be found in its operation, nota bill to encourage the
gambling speculator, but an act foi the benefit of
the Western emigiant—for him w ho toils-, and wno
is yet destined to toil, for the promotion o< th°
wealth of the nation1
Sir, lam not prepaud to believt, e\en fo-a
moment, that this House can be cipable of adt pt
ing the amendment proposed bv the honoiable gei.~
tleman fiom Massachusett He professes, sir ihp
kindest feelings for the West, I honor him for it,
and let me >i> that, ov withdrawing hii.mei'-
men', and giving to this billhis cordial si ppoit, he
will give indisputable evidence of the sincentj of
his professions to, and friendship for, Ine West
I regret his hostility to this bill, because of his h  l>
standing in thi- House and the country
Mr. Speaker, whilst I am making my acknou
ledgments to my esteemed fnei d fri m Ma-sac in-
serts, [Mr. Lincoln,] suffei me to tender to the
able and distmguiscd gentleman fiom Kentucky
[Mr Pope,] in behalf of my eo stnuents, their and
my hearty thanks iur the able and impartnl co-
operation he has lent all the friends of i ■, mea-
sure, and for the iepeated mc nifestations he has
made of his devrtion to 'is firmer inenc's aM
neighbers in Aikansas The peophof my State
know him well tor a number of years he was th"ir
chief Executive, and, whilst wi'h them, he not oil}
contributed much to their happiiK s, but, bv a
course of unceasing k ndneos < id manliness, sof-
tened many of the asperities whu h it one t me ex-
isted among their, and, by the display of that «. %•
dom and sound judgment  huh were alw us pie-
dommating qualities of Ins heart, led thcrr on to a
just appreciation of that form of civil Government
which now distinguishes th s fiom a i othei peop e
The people of Arkansas will long acknowledge
their indebtedness to thegemleman from iV°nto kj,
and, in justice to that gendeman, I could not say
less th?n I have already uttereu His knowledge
of my peopie, of their industry and dev olion to the
best mtereots of the country, has won for th-in ,m
able advocate on h -, floor, one who has been of
infinite service to tnem, uy placing properly before
this House their claims o 'he benefit-, cf tie b !
now un< ei consid r üon A.nd, s,r, Í feel a a cd
that if my friend from Ma >¡ chuse'ts had seei the
condition of the settlers of tne West, as well as my
friend from Kentucky, he would have been equal-
ly just and liberal.
Mr Speaker, as a member of the committee by
which this bill was reported, I feel called upon to
answer some of the reasons assigned by the gen
tlenan from Louisiana, [Mr. Rice Garland,] why
he prefers his amendment to the bill. Sir, those
objections are founded in a misapprehension of die
ground assumed by the friends and defenders of
the bill The gentleman says that he prefers his
amendment, because he has more effectually pro-
vided against those frauds which aro practised on
the country by those who make settlements by
proxy, that his amendment declares all such set-
tlements fraudulent, and all transfers or convey-
ances previous to the issuing of the patent null and
von! That protection which he desires to afford,
by his amendment, I conceive is amply provided
for in the bill now under consideration. It revives
the act of 1830, which expressly declares all trans-
fers sales, or conveyances, previous to the issuing
of the patent, to be null and void.
[Here Mr Garland said the Commissioner sf
the General Land Office had given a different con-
struction, as he understood it, founded on the opi-
nion of the Attorney General, to which he referred
Thit opinion was, that the act of 1834 revived the
act of 1830, and, as the act of 1832 was a sup-
plement to the act of 1830, it also revived that act,
leaving them all in force at the same time, and bv
the levival of the act of 1832, its provisions re
peiled, expressly the prohibitory clause in the act
of 1830, and authoiizes the transfer of certificates,
and even the issue of patents, to the assignee ]
Mi Yeli resumed the floor. Sir, I admit every
w oid of the gentleman's explanation, and stand
íetdy to still further admit that the facts hq states
are true, but I doubt the application of them to the
present bill The fact, sir, of the revival of the
bill of 1830 does not, therefore, necessarily revive
the subsequent acts, and if it does not revive the
act of 1839, whi^h contains the repealing clause
of the act of 1830, then the act of 1830 is left in
full force, with this prohibitory clause, which will
prevent all frauds which may be attempted to be
perpetrated In this opinion, however, I may be
mistaken, as the authority upon which the gentle-
man fiom Louisiana relies is entitled to great
weight and íespectful cons deration. If correct,
it still can be provided for by an amendment to this
bill The balance of the amendment of the gen-
tleman i om Louisiana [Mr Garland] is substan-
tia'ly 'he saiie as the bill, with one or two excep-
tions, which, m rpy view, are not as liberal as the
bill One oojection to tne amendment I have is to
be found in the prohibiting any one receiving the
benefit of tins act who has c ne hundred and sixty
acres of Und in the same land district, and who
has abindonf d it and has settled upon public land,
and that objection, it appears to me, is neither
I founded m leason or public policy, and therefore I
' object tu it
Aga i    By  the  provisions  of the gentleman's
amendment, this act will not apply to public lands
| w hioh oa\ e been ¡ ^ere I "or sa'e    T1k bill is nwe
liberal, and ex endo to all plblic i inos     I there-
to e greatly pi efe- the bill to the amendment     The
I bi'l is sufficendy gua-ded , its proyi-itns are well
| understood by  the depdfment and Ine  cmn  } ,
i and  every  nan in the new S'ltes will be ?ble to
under tend i hat is necessary ft r h m to do to bnrg
himse     n tl in t'u° p-ovisio     of the act     Ha; rig
attempfel fo remove* sor^e of   ^e oojee jn*is to the
bill, I vvnl add out a vorri upen i*s ««-peral pnr
ciples -a topic that nas oejn ab j diseased, n<i ¡>il
sides, with singular ability a id address
I sho il I be guilty of ¿m act of mjust ce t- mj
colleague of the Coram ttee on Public Lands, (Mr
Case3, of Il'mois,) if I were to neglect to !><-••
witness to the />al and fidelnj and intelligence that
have, at a'¡ times, been dispuyel bv him, m con-
nection with tie subject of the puohc lands, and
particuU'l  ¡n. reiat on to this bill, durng its pio-
kress m committee and nicp i's .ntroduct on be
fore As Koj-,  H s aid i fe't an i ac'ínow ledgal
here by all, and will bt appreciated by his consti-
tuents and tbe people of the West.
Mr. SpedKer, I will trouble the House but a
short time upon the men  of the bill.   It is not
H. of Reps.
denied by me, although others may differ, that tbe
public domain of the United States belongs to the
who'e People. It became common property at the
close of the Revolution, and was then set apart to
aid in defraying the expenses of the war. That
object has been accomplished, it having yielded
the sum of f 106,000,000, leaving upwards of
240,000,000 acres still to be disposed of, as will be
seen by reference to public document No 80, page
8, to which I respectfully refer the attention of the
gentlemen who take an interest in this subject.
Exhibit of the estimated quantity of public land m each
State and Territory, the quantity surveyed, the quantity
offered at public sale, with the quantity sold, and the
amount received therefor, from the earliest period of the
sales to the 30//¡ Septemba, 1837
g 5 g-
m 2 (s a= o
OS   so   &K
■—' -i m
£202.55-
S3 3  S" -5    •—'
3"o.P o- ~
■3 í « ■=■ SS
>-•(=  ST-    <=>
CD  «0   effs    0
3*1 Is
**  Si  J?©
(!)    1"
ñ.< °
-I

tfj 
22

cr9
lis

coy e
■2 §.2.
&a:
^o1
Sí ^
S3   -
C    C!
IB   a?
Hg
*§. = .
gig'S-slS-lgss
- CO t±s y3 *. oj 01
JNOsO^ CO~-i J
7 Cl CO ^i CO Cv -D C
íiü-Ojí—'yjWOi-
00 iCt—■
ss's"
i    #-COI
CO (£--■.
SOJ'-OWNÍ<D&i--sl<(
CO tD W£#¿2¿5jp_r-'&>-JD O
--Í in >- -J w to üítii. --j o a* P .
to i- CO Jv^¿— <T¡ O CO S< 2
iígín1
^¿ógioSs^5í3
- OWW  5 03f-
vP^ OJO^J Oí O Í3 *-■ CO CO c>
^ w o w3 ~o S3 en ax co -js^o *
Estimated quantity
oipubhcland in each
State and Territory
to which the Indian
utJe has been exür>
guished
Gtuant¡fy of   public
lana «urveyed.
Quantity of public
land offered at pub-
lic &ale
IO OD ÍOjO CD en tD CO to
O J
8o>—'goo     os^^o-s^co
j-4 i/3 -~i ^ 0<JT ■ '   —-■-
CD03 o- ^
tsjiOiOtS.;;-..    „_
CO CO CT>^-i -^i 1 *- ^"""^"tj  M
OsysGOCO^-wOCTsCO'—• C1"S
«CiCROJ^COCÜlOON
roOlClN}WolcOi- fii&iS
S§
uQSCifvtOCT
Quantity   of  public
land sold
Amount paid by pur-
chasers
Whilst I am on this branch of the subject-matter
now under discussion, 1 may as well reply statis-
tically to those gentlemen who oppose this bill on
the ground that if no other evil would result from
it, it wc uld lessen the amount of money received
from sales of public lands, which is now so much
needed. In assuming that position, gentlemen err,
and err grossly, as will be seen by an examination
of the following tables I will take the two years
of the existence of the acts granting pre-emptions,
that of the 9th of June, 1834, and compare it with
the years 1833 and 1837, when there was no pre-
emption m force.
YEARS
Quantity   of
publ c land of
ferel for sale
Amount paid
by pinchaseis
Arerage
price per
aire sold m
each year
1S33
TI ree quarteis 1S37
Acres
0 614,596 93
Dolls     cts
•1,972,284 84
6,127 418 39
SI 29
1 «1
Total   -
6,bl4 596 93
11,039 703 23
1284
1^4
1S31.
13 056 865 V
13 767 2bS 05
siOOOüoO
6 099 981 04
15,999 8)4 11
Uo,lbl,eS3 C6
131
1 27
1 25
Total
27,333 167 92
47267618 21
127
Mr Speakei, as one of the materia! objects had
in \ lew, by th«se who conceived the scheme which
vas not long since adopted for the regulation and
management 01 our public land system, has been
a tanned, it is now our duty to adopt a policy that
will mete common justice to every portion of the
Un on, -ind produce the greatest good to the great-
est number, and if that be attempted, benefits
m 157 result fiom our legislation, and, 10 the end,
 e may be enabled to see that he who contends
that the public doratam is the common property of
the whole people effects the mode best calculated!
fo promote the best interests of the country.
