Ims, I83é.                   APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________gj#
25t« Cong«--«2nd Sess.                               Independent Treasury—Mr.Bke.tt.                                                -         H. of Reps.
Billy, every one will be richer, because every thing
wijl be doubled in price; bu,t, in reality, the relative
price of things to ill be exactly the same to each
other, and the wealth of the community the same,
excepting, indeed, that .portion of it abstracted by
the note issuer to himself, for which the community
hiave his printed paper. Labor clearly gains no-
thing by such an enlargement of the circulation.
On the contrary, independently of the injury it will
sustain in other respects, its direct loss will be im-
mense, if its indnstry is to compete with the indus-
try of other communities at home and abroad. By
the inflation of the currency, all the productions of
industry will be run up to a high price; and-, of
course, to be reimbursed, the producer must sell at
a high price. The effect is inevitable in com-
peting with the foreign producer, whose currency
abroad is not so inflated—the home producer must
be undersold at home and abroad, and be ruined.
Tariff laws for protection may thus be rendered
vain through the mere operation of the currency,
and the legislation of the country be defeated by the
banks. In this view not only labor, but capital in
all other pursuits, is sacrificed to that vested in
banks. Fortunately for us, free of debt and at
peace with the whole world, the United States have
the ability which few nations possess of reducing
their currency to a safe and limited standard.
England, our great rival, dare not do it. From the
late contractions in the currency by the Bank of
England, the revenue of the Government has fallen
off upwards of two millions of pounds. Increased
taxation is, therefore, the necessary result of any
permanent contraction in her currency, which her
over-burdened people cannot bear. Wot only the
interests of labor, but of capital also, require in the
United States a limited and stable currency.
The gentleman from Mississippi, in the course
of his argument on this point, observed that labor
could not point to the Constitution, and charge it
with partiality or hostility to its interests. I agree
with the gentleman in this opinion; but it is be-
cause I can see in its provisions no authority for
the policy he proposes. There is not a word in
that instrument which justifies the connection of
the Government with the capital of the country.
When the proposition was made in the convention
which framed the Constitution to give to this
Government the power of chartering corporations,
it was denied. And why? Because by corpora-
tions peculiar privileges are conferred on capital,
and it was not designed to connect the Govern-
ment with the capital of the country, but to leave
labor and capital without any "partial aid from the
action of this Government, free to compete with
each other, under the supervision of the States. • But
if the plain history and language of the Constitution
is to be perverted by construction, and this Govern-
ment is to be connected with the capital of the coun-
try, and its legislation used to increase its profits or
enhance its power in the shape of needless debt—ta-
riffs for protection and banks—the impartiality of the
Constitution is gone. Labor can point to the Con-
stitution and denounce it for its hostility and injus-
tice. The contest between labor and capital is
already sufficiently unequal, without the aid of
Government, designed for the common benefit of
all, being used to increase it. Labor cannot be
interested in building up here a despotism, which
this unholy alliance will tend to produce. Labor
cannot be interested in bank expansions and con-
tractions, by which the relation between creditor
and debtor is continually changed, and property
is unsettled. Labor cannot be benefitted by an in-
flated currency, by which its productions are ren-
dsred too dear for competition with the labor of fo-
reign nations. By keeping clear of any connec-
tion with the banks, these evils, through the ope-
ration of this Government, will at least not be ,
aggravated, whilst they may be greatly lessened.
Above all, it is the interest of the people, that this
Government should be independent in discharging
its function. And how can it be indedendent, so
long as its revenues are controlled by the banks
and capitalists of the country? How can it be in-
dependent at all, if connected with the banking
system at all, as it now exists in the world? The
banking system of America has no power within
teeí^wíéístit is liable to be controlted by the
banks of foreign nations. By the mighty element
of steam, New York is now about to be brought
as near London, as Charleston used to be to New
York; and every movement in the banking system
of England will immediately act on this country.
We are the weaker party, and therefore most
easily affected. A few gentlemen sitting in the
parlor of the Bank of England, can, at any mo-
ment, send a panic throughout the commercial
world, and prostrate the banks of America. If
the Government is connected with -the banks, such
an operation may be a part of the operations of
war, in case of collision between the two countries,
by which the Government may be deprived of its
resources. But without any design, the same re-
sults may be produced, from the inherent weak-
ness of the whole bank;ng system. Fluctuations
in the currency—contractions and expansions, en-
tirely beyond the power of the Bank of England
to control, it is admitted, is its fate. Sir, in my
opinion, duty and patriotism, the interests of the
Government and the interests of the people, all re-
quire that this Government should be separated
from the capital and banking institutions of the
country.
Mr. Chairman, the effect of this bill on the com-
merce of the Union has been elaborately consider-
ed during the debate. My colleague [Mr. Pick-
ens] has argued, as I understood him, rather from
the disabilities the bill will remove, than from any
positive benefit it will confer; that it would be be-
neficial to the independence of Southern com-
merce from Northern control. _ For uttering this
opinion, the gentleman from Mississippi has taken
him to task. He says, that the tendency of the
bill, in consequence of this effect, is to dissolve
the Union; although he labored hard to prove that
no such benefit to the South would be its result.
If his argument is good, why declaim about the
Union? The argument against my colleague is,
that if the South conducts her own commerce, her
dependency and intercourse will not be as great
with the Northern States as when the North con-
trols and directs it for her; and therefore, any ef-
fort to weaken this dependency or interrupt-the in-
tercourse, is a plot against the Union. Sir, if any
Representative from the Northern States had made
such an objection to the bill, I should have deemed
it illiberal, although it would not have surprised
me. But that a Sou hern man, in the peculiar si-
tuation in which the South is placed, should rise
in his seat, and upon such reasons, denounce the
independence of Southern commerce, and those
who advacate it, is to me matter of most profound
amazement. Why, is it come to this, that we dare
not maintain that it is expedient that we should
use those natural advantages which Providence
has given us; that we should export our own pro-
ductions, and import our own consumption, but
we are to be told that we are seeking a dissolution
of the Union? What is this but declaring that the
legitimate object and effect of the Union is to ren-
der the South dependent on the North, and, to ad-
vocate her independence, is to advocate disunion?
What is this but boldly saying that we are proper-
ly colonies under the legislation of this Govern-
ment, and that dependency is out natural situation?
The North carries on her own commerce, exports
her own productions, and imports ail her con-
sumption; there is no disunion in that. The thun-
ders of eloquence sleep under an enormity so atro-
cious. But if the South presumes to do the same
thing, it is a plot against the Union. Sir, let me
tell the gentleman from Mississippi, that if he
desires to bring the Union into discredit and con-
tempt amongst the proud freemen of the South,
with whom the lofty characteristic of independence
is more prevalent than among any people upon
earth, let him carry to them such denunciations
loud and deep. Let them understand from his lips
that dependency and vassalage is their proper
situation in this Confederacy, and if they dare
struggle to carry on their own commerce they
counteract the spirit and design of the Union. Sir,
I am as willing as the gentleman from Mississippi
can be, that the North should keep and enjoy all
the advantages the Constitution and the Union be-
stow, for conducting the commerce of the South.
They are immense under the most impartial admi-
nistration of this Government. Let her have theft,
I want no tariff, no impediments in trade to bat oat
their enterprise in reaching the «Majmerce of the
South. The laws of capilaf and trade, #ittt the
free intercourse between the sections guarantied by
the Constitution, is their best security ftir managing
and engrossing the commerce of the Union. 'Let
them have it, and keep it,-if they -can, by these
laws, in their fr. e, Kntrammelled operation. ButI
will not consent that this Government, shall be
used, by its fiscal operations or by its connection
with the banks, or by the fraudulent machinery of
a United States Bank, to give to one section of the
Confederacy commercial advantages over the rest
of the Union. All we expect this bill to accom-
plish is to leave each section free to its natural
advantages, and free to the competition of thecapi-
lal and enterprise all over the Union. We want
no favors from this Government. We require
only that it shall not be used against us; and, if left
to our own resources, we are not without hope that
we may be able to retain some portion of our own
commerce. And is there any thing unreasonable
or extravagant in such expectations? Yes, says the
gentleman from Mississippi. To keep any of
your commerce is most unreasonable. A direct
trade between Europe and the South is most unna-
tural. All direct tiade is unnatural. Natural
trade is always circuitous. Look to Holland, Eng-
land, &c. conducting the commerce of the whole
world. Sir, when the gentleman argues from the
past state of commerce to its nature, he commits
the old error of looking to facts without regard to
principles. The fact is undoubtedly as he states,
that the commerce of the world has generally been
circuitone; but is that the result of the nature of
things, or the artificial effect of Government inter-
vention in the affairs of commerce? Where is
commerce free in the world, that it might flow, like
the beneficent rains of heaven, in its natural chan-
nels? Is it here, where freedom in all it* attribute
is our proud, but empty, boast? Why, by the
mere trick of paper money and the fiscal opera-
tions of this Gavernment, in four years after the
Union was formed, the foreign commerce of Vir-
ginia (exceeding, before the Revolution, that of
New York and the whole of New England to-
gether) was taken from her and transferred to these
more favored regions. Look at your enormous
tonnage duties, your tariff, your whole banking sys-
tem, by which every spring of commerce caa be
controlled and perverted from ltsnatural operation.
What is the whole history of commerce "but a his-
tory of restraints, and burdens, and follies, by
which trade has been forced into circuitous and
more expensive channels? Yet the gentleman,
looking to these effects, and not to their causes,
maintains that it is natural for commerce to be
circuitous, and unnatural for it to be direct. By
the same process of reasoning, from abuses, he
may argue liberty itself out of the world. Tyranny
and oppression has been, and is now, the usual
order of things. Freedom is the exception, and
ought, therefore, to be unnatural, and be de-
nounced by all good patriots. I go, sir, for free-
dom in commerce, as in Government.
My colleague, alluding to the struggle now go-
ing on between the banks and the Government,
ventured to use some expressions of warning; they
might be crushed in the contest, if they should fail
in subduing the Government. Immediately the
gentleman from Mississippi construes it into a
threat from another source of danger and alarm to
the South; and the old note is again sounded. It
"is almost treason on this floor!" He "sees ill-
omened birds upon the wind, and they croak dis-
union "' Sir, why is it that the gentleman, on this
gieat subject of agitation, turns his face to the
South? Are his constituents, or mine, the agressors,
and seeking to dissolve the Union? Let the insults
that he and I ¿aily receive upon this floor answer.
Why does he not turn, his face to the North, from.
whence the aggression comes, and mark upon the
horizon the black cloud of harpies, who are wing-
ing hither their heavy flight, and whetting their
beaks for their feast of blood? Some have already
entered your doors and defiled your table, snd pol-
luted the seats en which they sit. Are they the
gentleman's allies, that he can see no deformity in
