>08                              APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&&                     Ivmé, 18S&.
¡¿5th Cong--"2nd Sess.                                   Independent Treasury—Mr. Jthett._______________________H. of fttepi.
their hideous  lineaments?    Do they not " croak
disunion?"
[Mr. Prentiss said that he intended his observa-
tions for all who in any way jeopardized the Union;
and that he would be as staunch as any one in re-
sisting the designs of the Abolitionists.]
Sir, I doubt not the gentleman's professions; but
why  talk about  disunion   at all to the   South,
standing entirely on the defensive, requiring only
to be let alone?   Upon whom does she aggress?
What interests, or what section, has she assailed,
through the instrumentality of this Government,
from the first dawn of the Confederacy to the pre-
sent hour?   Is he prepared to submit for ever to the
degrading position we occupy in this hall?   And
when we shall resist,  will it be from the lips oi
southern men that we are to hear the imputation
of faithlessness to the Union? Yes, sir, from south-
ern men, now as heretofore, on this subject, as on
all others, the frenzy of party will pour forth its
loudest denunciations.   Do wc resist the tariff sys-
tem, by which the South is made tributary to the
industry of other sections of the Union, the wrong is
not in the aggressor, but in those who resist aggres-
sion.   They are the disunionisls.   Do we object to
an alliance between the Government and the capi-
tal of the country, by which the Government is to
be fearfully strengthened,   and the whole com-
merce of the country can be controlled—toe are the
disunionists.    Do   we ?ay that  we cannot,   that
we dare not, submit to the hostile aggressions daily
practised here, and systematically carried on all
over the Union, against our domestic institutions—
still we are  the "disunionists," and it "is almost
treason on  this  floor."   For myself,  I  will  tell
the gentleman that hard names have bul "few'ter-
rors for  me.    My hair will not stand on end at
the   appellation   of' 'disunionist"   or   "traitor."
I was born, sir, of disunionists and traitors.   The
gentleman   from   New   York   [Mr.    Hoffman]
represented me as   referring, on a former occa-
sion,  to my ancestors.    Not so, Mr.  Chairman.
I shall never call up  the virtues of the dead, to
shroud my weaknesses.   I spoke of our ancestors;
the ancestors of the American people, who achieved
the Revolution of '76; an ancestry more glorious
than the longest line of titled foals or crowned
oppressors can ever give.   It reminds us of all
those noble virtues and principles which dignify and
adorn our nature, and bid us emulate and practise
them; courage and constancy and truth, struggling
in that conflict, which must be eternal, for liberty
and justice against tyiannyand wrong.    But, sir,
if I had referred to my ancestors, as inferior as they
may have been to those of the gentleman from New
York in  their public services,  they have left me
nothing for which I need be ashamed or dread a
sneer.   Through three revolutions they have -dared
to be " rebels" and " traitors" in  defence of tha
rights of the people against armed oppression. They
were in that struggle which ended in bringing the
first Charles to the block.    They were foremost in
the revolution of 1720, by which the province of ;
Carolina was rescued from the capricious and petit
tyrannies of the Lords Proprietors; and in the revo-
lution of '76, they were again true to their lineage,
and to  those great principles of liberty for which
they have ever braved all the terrors of the gibbet
and the sword.    Why, sir, every vein in my body
swells with the proud blood of denounced and per-
secuted  " rebels" and  " traitors."     But,   thank
God! they have ever been so, in the maintenance of
the undying and holy cause of truth and justice
and liberty?   Will the gentleman now expect me
to tremble at his epithets?   Let him carry them to
the ears of crouching subjects and slaves.   They
will hardly frighten freemen.
The gentleman from Maryland, [Mi. Kennedy,]
taking up the same strain about disunion, pro-
claims, with becoming pathos, that that man
will be the most miserable on earth, who shall
rise of a morning and find himself a citizen of
the Republic of South Carolina!! Really, sir,
I am afraid that I have not been as melancholy as
I ought to be, under this terrible enunciation of
sublimated Federalism. I hardly think that the
gentleman himself has realized, in all its horrors,
his own situation  uaáer  its formidable   truth.
I fear that he is very like that man who had
been talking prose all his life without knowing
it. Mayland might be a Republic; and, if so, then
the gentleman's tragedy of wo has begun, and we
may look out for a denouement worthy of such a
catastrophe. The gentleman, I understand, has
served his native State in several official stations;
and, turning to the constitution of Maryland, I find
that he must repeatedly have taken the follow-
ing oath. "I, A B, do swear, that I do not hold my-
self bound in allegiance to the King of Great
Britain, and that I will be faithful, and bear true
allegiance to the State of Maryland." Now, sir,
here is a declaration ■ of allegiance to this State;
and we all know that allegiance is the duty of a
citizen or subject to a sovereign. If this State is
his sovereign, she must be, according to the old di-
vision, I suppose, a monarchy, an aristocracy, or
a republic. I have heard of no King reigning
there, and if the gentleman has not been a citizen
of a Republican his life without knowing it, than
Maryland is an aristocracy; and as he is one of
the exalted ones, and manifests such a decided hor-
ror of a Republic, I suppose he must be an aristo-
crat of the first diamond water. For my part, sir,
although at first somewhat stunnsd by the misera-
ble consequence of my situation, which the gentle-
man has foretold, I have gathered up courage
enough to face my fate, and must stand confessed
a humble, although, I trust, a devoted citizen of
the Republic of South Carolina. Thus it is, sir,
that the doctrines of consolidation sweep on. Men
now begin to speak out in plain language what
their doctrines long since declared—that the States,
bearing the same relation to the Federal head
which districts or counties do to the States, have
ceased to exist as independent, sovereign, political
bodies. They are no longer Republics—no longer
States—but mere corporations, belonging to one
great consolidated despotism.
rage.     The gentleman from New York, whom
I do not see in his place, [Mr. Hoffman,] even
seemed to intimate  that such was my design; But
he has personally disclaimed to me intending any
such imputation: and if there be another gentleman
on this floor, who, in spite of my disclaimers at the
time, and of my course in advocating the supplies
on that occasion, has thought proper to make any
such imputations on my motives—all I will say,
sir, is, that I cannot follow his example.    If re-
quires neither genius,  nor patriotism, nor honor,
to make such imputations,  and I cannot imitate
him.     There is not an oyster-cellar or pot-house
in the blind alleys of our «¡ties, but can afford the
gentleman examples fully worthy of his elevated
course.   It requires only a very little respect for
others, and still less for ourslves, to go down in
aspersions—"/«cutí descensus avérni," just as low as
our tastes permit.   Forget that we are men, and
although erring often, still possessed of a noble
nature,  which it should   be   our pride, as it is
our   duty   to  maintain,   in   its   most    elevated
state.     Forget, that  as  we  would  regard our
own honor, we should be  tender with the sensi-
bilities of others; and that when we deal in impu-
tations on the motives of our associates, we lay
bare our own to doubt and suspicion.  Forget, ¡hat
we represent fifty thousand, and stand in the gaze
of fifteen millions of freemen; and are bound, in
the transaction of their business,  to observe all
those rules of forbearance and charity, which are
so essential to the peace, happiness, and liberty of
a christian and enlightened people.   Sir, we may
forget all these things; but what, then, will become
of the dignity of this House, and the reputation of
its members?   We cannot act here, even towards
each other, for ourselves alone.   Standing: on the
elevated stage we occupy, every example, ibr good
or for evil, passes down throughout all the ave-
nues of society, and affects, with a fearful respon-
sibility, the   public   morals   and   public   liberty.
Gentlemen, in such a situation, may deal, if they
please, in needless imputations, and fierce asper-
sions on the motivas of others, and gather all the
dazzling honors they are so well calculated to con-
fer; but my sense of duty forbids me to  touch or
approach them.
Overlooking the revolutionary tendency of the
measures they threaten, and arguing from thesup-
posed insurrectionary tendency of my remon-
strances against them, gentlemen have passed over
me to the State I represent, and have descanted
freely on the lawlessness of South Carolina, in
defying all law, and jeopardizing the Union itself.
I suppose, Mr. Chairman, that gentlemen allude to
the late contest of that State with the General Go-
verament, with respect to the tariff laws. Sir, that
struggle has gone down to history; and we are con-
tent to leave it there, satisfied that gentlemen will
in vain endeavor to affix their running commenta-
ries to its impartial record. We seek not to bring
up past subjects of discord; but when our native
State is needlessly assailed, and charged with law-
lessness, and the glove, in diseussing her conduct
and character, is cast down on this floor, in her
name we will take it up. In what respect was
South Carolina, on that occasion, lawless in her
course?
Were your tarifflaws, for the encouragement of
domestic manufactn.es, constitutional or not? The
whole question of lawlessness hangs upon that
issue. If these laws wer  unconstitutional, they were
no laws at all. They were mere arbitrary enact-
ments, carrying no obligation to obey them, and,
of course, there could be no lawlessness in resist
ing them. The lawlessness would rather be in
those who attempted to enforce, not in those who
resisted, such illegal enactments. Now, whether
we were right or wrong in our opinion of the un-
constitutionality of your tariff enactments, we cer-
tainly had very high authority in our support, be-
ing no less than that of our opponents themselves.
It was from the people of Massachusetts—from
Mr. Webster, the sense and conscience-keeper of
this disinterested and affectionate people—that we
were taught, from the cradle of liberty itself, that
your tarifflaws for the encouragement of domestic
manufactures were unconstitutional,   ¡fix, Welb
Anticipating, with certainty, the triumph of the
Whig party to which he belongs, the gentleman
from Mississippi announces, as their first great
measure of policy, when mounted to power, that
the supplies to the Government will be stopped.
The committee will recollect, that when the Trea-
sury note|bill was under consideration, intimations
of the same course were thrown out in debate. I
then ventured to warn gentlemen of the conse-
quences of such a measure; and, sir, in spite of de-
nunciations or aspersions here or elsewhere, I will
again repeat the warning. I tell gentlemen, that
such a course will inevitably lead to revolulien,
with all its lawlessness and dangers. In England,
if the supplies are stopped, the crown can change
the ministry, and the Government again moves
on. But who is to expel the President of the
United States and his cabinet out of their of-
fices? Ana in what way can stopping the
supplies effect this end? The only effect of
stopping the supplies, will be, that your army and
navy, your civil, diplomatic, and military officers
will' be unpaid, and, therefore, must cease their
services; ana thus the whole machinery of this
Government will be suspended, and anarchy and
revolution will have begun. We are thus fairly
notified that the first step by which the ascendancy
of the great Whig or Federal party is to be signa-
lized, will be to begin a revolution. Where it is
to end, or what will be our situation during its
continuance, the gentleman has not ventured to
prophesy; for even his adventurous spirit cannot
penetrate its thick gloom. Impassioned lovers of
the laws, they will uphold their supremacy by plac-
ing them aside. Sole supporters and admirers of
the Union, they will perpetuate it forever, by dis-
solving it. Devout haters of popular violence and
anarchy, they will suppress them entirely, by the
wholesome process of revolution:—and because I
dared arraign a policy so desperate and dangerous,
and warn gentlemen of the consequences which
may ensue, not only to the country generally,
but to the banks and capitalists who are hasten-
ing on their hostility to the Government of the
country, to such fearful extremities—I was
charged, with all due solemnity charged, with
producing the very result I deprecated, and
inciting  the  people   to   lawlessness   and   oat-
