Mar. 1838.                      APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOÉE.                              Ó4Í
25th Cong«"'2nd Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
the game Saxon language shall fail from their lips it may be
the chief proof that they belong to the same nation Its vital
principle exhausted and gone, its power of doing good termi
Hated, now productive only of strife and contention, and no Ion
ger sustained by ásense of common interest, the Unioa itself
must ultimately fall, dishonored and unlamented
The honorable member from Carolina himself, habitually
tndulgesin charge* of usurpation and oppression against the
Oovernmen of fill country He daily denounces lis important
measures, in the language in which our revolutionary fathers
spoke of the oppressions of the mother country Not merely
against Executive usurpation, either real or supposed, does he
luterthe3P sentiments, but against laws of Congress, laws pass
#d by large majorities, laws sanctioned, for a course of years, by
the people These laws he proclaims, every hour, to be but a
•enes sí acts of oppression He speaks of them as if it were
an admitted fact, that such is their true character This is the
language which he utters, the=e the sentiments he expresses, to
the rising generation around him A.re they sentiments and
language which are likely to inspire om children with the love
of union, to enlarge then patuotism, or to teach them, and to
make them feel, that their deslmy has made them common citi
sens of one great and glorious republic A puncipal object, in
his late political movements, the gentleman himself tells us,
iras to unite the enure South and against whom, or against
What, does he wish to unite the entire South?   Is not this the
very essence of Joe ü feclmg and local regard? Is it not the ac
knowledgment of a wish and object, to create political strength,
by uniting political opinions geographically? While tliegen
tleman thus wishes to unite the entire South, I pray to know,
sir, if he expects me to turn towardthe polar star, and, acting
on the same principle to utter a cry of Rallyi to the whole
North? Heaven forbid? To the day of my death, neither he
nor others shall hear such a cry from me
Finally the honorable member declares that he shall now
march off under the banner of State Rights' March off from
whom'' March offfrim what? We have been contending for
great prnciples We have been struggling to maintain the
liberty and to restoie the prosperity of the countr , we have
made these struggles here, in the national councils, with the old
flag, thejrue American flag, the Easle, and the tars and Stripes,
wavmgover the chamber in which we sit He now tells us,
however, that he marches off under the State Rights banner'
Let him go I lemain I am where I ever have been, and
ever mean to be Here, standing on the platform of the geneial
Constitution—a platform broad enough, and firm enough, to up
hold every interest of the whole country—I shall still be found
Intru-ted with some pai t in the administration of that Constitu
tion, I intend to act in its spirit, and in the spirit of those who
framed it 1 es, sir, I would art as if our fathers, who formed
it for us, and who bequeathed it to us, were looking on us—as if
I could see their venerable forms bending down to behold us,
from the abodes above I would act, too, sir, as if ¡hat long inc
of posterity were also viewing us, whose eye is hereafter to
scrutinize our conduct
Standing thus, as in the full gaze of our ancestors, and our
posterity, having received this inheritance from the former, to
be transmitted to the latter, and feeling that if I aro born for
any good, in my day and generation, it is for the good of the
whole country, no local policy, or lecal feeling, no temporary
impulse, shall induce me to yield my foothold on the Cooetitu
Hon and the Onion* I move off, under no banner not known
to the whole American people, and to their Constitution and
laws    No, sir, these walls, these columns
"fly
From their firm base as soon as I."
I came into public life, sir, In the service of the United States
On that broad altar my earliest, and all ru.y public vows, have
been made I propase to serve no other master So far as
depends on any agency of mine, they shall continue united
States, united in interest and in affection, united in every thirg
in regard to which the Constitution has decreed their union,
united in war, for the common defence, the common renown,
and the common glory, and united, compacted, knit firmly to
gather in peace, for the common prosperity and happiness of
ouiselmes and our children
THE END.
41
