CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                                3
Then, continued Mr. S. what condition are we
placed in? We are proceeding to decide who are,
and who are not, entitled to seats from the State of
New Jersey, before all the members are called, be-
fore they are sworn in, and be fore a quorum is
formed. Can we now decide this question without
deciding as to the qualifications of the niembers
from New Jersey, and was the body then in a state
to make such a decision? Now this question was
the very essence of the whole concern, and we can-
not proceed one step, said Mr. S. without deciding
it. Then, sir, said he, how can we decide it? Sir,
he continued, we cannot decide it at all in the pre-
sent stage of the proceedings. Some eighty or
ninety members only had been called, respecting
whose rights to their seats no objection had been
made; but there were others in the same situation
who had not been called, and who were equally
entitled to decide as the first; and he therefore saw
no way of gelling out of the difficulty into which
they had fallen, but by passing over the names of
all those members whose right to seats was doubl-
ed, and calling the names of those about whom no
dojbt existed, and by this means form a quorum
competent to do business. We might, said Mr. S.
talk here till the thirty first day of December, and
be no farther than we are now. But if we proceed
in the way suggested, a quorum, when called,
would be entitled to decide not only who have the
prima facie evidence of membership, but who are
finally entitled to hold the contested seats. He was
for looking at this matter in a practical manner.
Both sets of gentlemen from New Jersey might
rise and claim the right to take their seats
as members from that State; but, said Mr. S.
we cannot now decide between them. He had a
great respect for thosej gentlemen from New Jer-
sey, who claimed their seats under the Governor's
certificate, and perhaps they were entitled to their
seats; but he did not know that they were. In-
deed he did not pretend to know any thing about
it, and, therefore, was not qualified to decide at
present. He could have wished that the Clkrk,
the moment the question was raided, instead
of submitting the decision of it to the House, had
assumed upon himself the responsibility, and pro-
ceeded to call over the names of the members from
the other States, about whom no difficulty existed,
passing over those from the State of New Jersey.
There was, in fact, no other way of organizing the
House. But suppose the members were all sworn
in and a quorum was formed, would they then
have the right to decide; and if not, was the ques-
tion to be settled by agreement aorong the contest-
ing members? Why, in this way, he would un-
dertake to say it would not be settled in six months.
He came then to the conclusion, that the moment
a quorum was formed, that quorum had the right
of deciding who were entitled to seats, as well as
the right of deciding who had theprwa/actt evi-
dence of their right to them. He believed that a
quorum possessed this right, and he founded his
belief on that clause of the Constitution which bore
on the subject.
I say, (continued Mr. S.) that when a quorum
is formed, they are, pro hae vice, a House of Repre-
sentatives to decide this question. Look at the
Constitution, and you will there find that "the
House of Representatives shall choose a Speaker."
Then, if they may choose a Speaker, why may
they not do any other act necessary for their or-
ganization? Under all the circumstances, then, he
had come to the conclusion that, inasmuch as the
question arose with respect to the contested seats of
the New Jersey members, before a sufficient num-
ber of members had been called to constitute a
quorum, there was no way of deciding it in the
present stage of the proceedings; and, as far as his
humble advice went, he would counsel the Clerk
to take the responsibility on himself, and call over
the names of the members from the other States,
respecting whose right to their seats there was no
doubt. The Clerk could not now put any ques-
tion to the House; and, therefore, he must goon
until he can get a sufficient number of names to
form a quorum to decide the question.
Mr. MERCER rose, and addressed the House
at some length; but, from the noise in the chamber,
and his speaking rather in a lower tone than usual,
was nearly inaudible throughout. He was under-
stood, however, as contending that it was the duty
of the Clerk to call over the names of the gentle-
men from New Jersey who claimed to be members
in virtue of the Governor's certificate; and that the
Clerk, by declining to decide in their favor, had
departed from the hitherto established usage of
that body. The gentleman from Ve.mont had
said that, as soon as a quorum was formed, this
House was competent to decide the question of the
qualifications of all the rest of its members.
Now, (said Mr. M.) suppose we have calied one
hundred and twenty-two members, shall they have
the power to decide upon the qualifications of all
the rest? This was an absurdity the gentleman
himself must be struck with. The question then
before them, he presumed to be as clear as any
that ever was presented before a legislative body.
The gentleman fiom New Jersey, who had the
Governor's certificate of their election, were en-
tiled to take and hold their seats, until it was
proved that they were not duly elected. Congress
had prescribed no rule by which the evidence as to
membership should be produced. Congress had
left that matter to the States, and the Stats of New
Jersey had declared that the evidence to be ad-
duced by her Representatives, should be the certifi-
cate of the Governor. The law in Virginia was
different, and the other States had prescribed a
different description of evidence; but here was
produced the evidence of the membership of these
five gentlemen, conformable to the laws of New
Jersey, and it was not competent for the Clerk, or
the House either, in the present stage of its pro-
ceedings, to refuse it. It had been said that there
were five other gentlemen here, claiming their seats
as members from New Jersey, and the evidence
that they adduced was the certificate of the Secre-
tary of Slate of that State.
Mr. M. then wtnt on at length, that this evi-
dence was informal, not recognised by the laws of
New Jersey, and therefore of no authority in that
body. The Governor of the State, he said, was the
only organ of communication from the State, and
the Secretary of State could not be officially known
to them. Mr. M. after quoting several cases which
he considered as precedent , resumed bis seat.
Mr. JOHNSON ol Maryland, observed, that in
contemp'ating the course pursued by the Clerk, it
would at once spring up to the consideration of the
House, the embarrassment that would ensue when
they once departed from the established usage of
that body since the foundation of the Government.
The Hou«e must see the evils that would spring up,
if they allowed the Clerk to exercise his discretion,
and gratify his own feelings, by saying who shall
not be considered members of that body. He
called gentlemen's attention to the consequences
that would ensue from a departure from long esta-
blished usage, in order that they might pause, and
deliberate whether the present advantages they ex-
pec'ed to realise would not be more than counter-
balanced by the evils that would be likely hereafter
to grow out of them. He had taken this occasion
to inquire into what had been the established usage
of the body, and he found that it had been the im-
memorial custom for the Clerk to enrol, and call
the names of those members who had the certifi-
cates of the Governors of their States of their being
duly elected. He himself held the certificate of
the Governor of the State of Maryland, authentica-
ted by the broad seal of the State; and he would ad-
mit that no higher authority than that could be
presented in that House? He felt bound, as one
of the Representatives whose right to hold a seat
was thus supported, to deny the auihority of the
Clerk to proceed farther, while he withheld the
names of the New Jersey members, and would
not recognise him in so doing. He did
so because the Constitution declared that
each House was to judge of the qualifications
of its members, and therefore no Clerk, or any
other officer, has any discretion in the matter. If
the Clerk be permitted to say who he will name
as returned as members, or who he will not, he
may, in that way, have a majority of members
qualified friendly to him, and, in short, exercise all
the powers of the House with regard to the qualifi-
cations of members; and yet a portion of those
who have as much right to their seats as those he
has thought proper to call, may find themselves
excluded from their seats, and their States from a
representation on that floor. Mr. J. denied the
power of the Clerk to act, and, as one, he wouid
not recognise his power. After citing various
cases of contested elections, which he considered
as precedents, Mr. J. went on to contend that the
Clerk was hound, by the established usage, to
consider the certificates of the Governor of New
Jersey as prima facie evidence of the elections, and
to enrol and call over the names of the gentlemen
certified in them to be returned as members from
that State. Mr. J. concluded by expressing the
hope that the additional testimony, and the law of
the State of New Jersey on the subject of elec-
tions, might be read.
Mr. BIDDLE obseived that the  question was
whether this was the appropriate stage for this
irregular discus-ion.   Was this the proper time,
or, said he, shall we wait for some other time?   It
is proposed, said Mr. B. ihat the Clerk shall omit
the members from New Jersey, and go on to call
the members from the other States; and whenever
there   is   a  dispute,   or   alleged  dispute,   as to
the right of membership, then the Clerk shall
pass over the names   disputed,  and select  those
who   are   beyond dispute.     It   was    proposed,
in   short,   that   the   Clerk should be the judge.
Now there appeared  to be some degree of plausi-
bility in this proposition.     The course thus pro-
posed seemed to be decorous, and free from em-
barrassment. But, said Mr. B. do you not see that
an enormous abuse of power might arise from the
precedent thus to be established for  the next Con-
gress?     It that course be adopted now, it will be
adopted forever hereafter, and whenever a Clerk
shall undertake to say that the seatsof gentlemen are
contested.    Do you not see that at the opening of
every succeeding Congress, the  Clerk may thus
dispute the seatsof his adversaries?   And if the re-
sult is to be( that the judges will be narrowed down
to those whose seats are not disputed, you will not
have a case of an undisputed seat.   It will then be
assumed that the being called by the  Clerk is
worth something, and it will be worth striking for.
With that argument before you, do  you not see,
continued Mr. B. the monstrous abuses  that will
grow    up    if    this  precedent  should  now  be
set?    What was the  present   position   of  that
body?     What   was   the   general    usage?     I
take   it, said   Mr.   B.   that   the   Clerk   is bnt
the mouthpiece of the body—a body not yet or-
ganized, it was true, but a body competent for the
despatch of busines—and has no right to act but
in accordance with its established usages.   Does
not your  language [addressing the   Clerk] admit
that much?   You look round you, and ask us to
instruct you in your duty.   You have decided that
the credentials of the members of Massachusetts
are in due form, and you have invested them with
the badge of office.   Why did yeu do this?   You
exercised some power here, for you declared that
those members were entitled to their seats.   You
examined their credentials, and you examined the
law, as it was your duty to do, and you decided
that they were entitled to their seats.   Letu* come
to the modus operandi.   I say that, where a case
comes up precisely similar to the one you have
acted upon, you are bound to act upon it, and de-
cide it in the same manner.   Yon are bound to
conform to the law and the usage as much in the
one case  as in the other-    It is not only your
duty, imposed upon you by this body, but having
discharged that duty in the case of Massachusetts,
yon are bound to do it in the case of New Jersey.
It seems to be the plain nature of your duty from
what yon have already.done.   Do these credentials
come up to the Constitution of the  United States
and the laws of the State of New Jersey?   If they
do not, and your judgment is at fault, then your
plain duty is to refer your doubts to the House. But
if they do come up to the Constitution and the law,
as it is contended they do, then you have no right
to set them aside, but you are bound te call t^v>'
as you have done in the case of the State of Mas-
sachusetts.   If you make an erroneous decision,
why then there is an appeal to the House; but if you
ask its decision in small matters, yon must ask it in
