6
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE GIOBE
I observe in the reference you made in your pa-
per of last evening to my remarks yesterday upon
the New Jersey case, the following: " He (Mr.
Slade) approved of the course taken by the Clerk
in declining to take the responsibility 0n himself of
deciding who were entitled to the seals from New
Jersey, and thought that any other course would
have been a usurpation of unauthorized authority
on the part of that officer."
Your reporter mistook me.   I maintained that it
was competent for the Clerk to decide that he
would not place the names of Mr. Aycrigg and
others, claiming seats, on the roll, if in his opinion
there was such conflict between their returns and
those of their competitors, as to render it doubtful
who had^the proper legal returns, or certificates of
election. * It was his power to do as he had done
that I vindicated, and not the propriety of its exer-
cise.   Upon that question I gave no opinion, be-
cause the grounds on which he had decided to ex-
ercise the power in this case, were not before the
House, and, as I thought, and still think, could not
properly be until it should appear that there was a
quorum present to form a House of Representatives,
competent to hear, and act on them.   If the paper;,
presented to the Cleik as credentials, by the gen-
tlemen contesting the right of Messrs. Aycrigg and
others to seats, were such as I have been informed
they were, it seems to me the Clerk erred in de-
ciding that they impaired, in any degree, the title
of the latter gentlemen to take their seats.    But this
was a question with which, as I viewed the matter,
we had, at that stage of the proceedings, nothing
to   do.     The Clerk   had exercised his  power
of deciding, in the first instance, upon the "re-
turns,"  and his decision   was conclusive   until
overruled by the House; which could not be done
until there should appear to be a quorum of the
members elect of the Twenty-sixth Congress pre-
sent, to form a House.
I need hardly add, after the above explanation,
that 1 did not say that "any other course (than
that of declining to take the responsibility of decid-
ing who were entitled to seats) would have been
a usurpation on the part of the Clerk.
Respectfully yours,
WILLIAM SLADE.
December 3,1839.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, December 3, 1839.
The Hon. WM. Ü. MERRICK, elected by the
Legislature of the State of Maryland, a Senator
from  that  State for  six years from   the 4th of
March last, appeared, was qualified, and took his
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD,
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn, it ad-
journ to maet to morrow at 12 o'clock, and daily
thereafter at the same hour until otherwise ordered.
On motion,
The Senate adjourned.
,     HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, Dec. 3, 1839.
At 12 o'clock, m. Mr. HUGH A. GARLAND
(ftlerkof the former House) called the House to
'.order, and stated that (he gentleman from North
Warolina [Mr. Bynum] had possession of the floor
at the time of the adjournment oa yesterday, and,
with the permission of that gentleman, he would
beg leave to make a respectful appeal to the House.
No man, said Mr. G. feels more than I do the
delicacy and difficulty of his position.   From the
beginning I have felt a high responsibility resting
upon me, and before God and my country, I assure
you I have had but one motive, and that was to do
my duty justly and impartially, without regard to
personal or party considerations.    I have been
placed in a novel and unprecedented situation.  All
the cases of csntested elections heretofore pre-
sented, have been presented to the House of Repre-
sentatives itself, upon the petitions of the claiming
members, and the Clerk had nothing to do with
them.   The only variation from that rule was in
the case of Messrs. Moore and Letcher, of Ken-
tucky.   Both those gentlemen presented themselves
.before the House, and claimed the right to hare
\
\
seats, and the House was compelled to take the
matter into consideration; and the House might,
perhaps, have remained unorganized for a fortnight,
if those two gentlemen had not voluntarily with-
drawn their case until after the organization     lhe
present case, however, was one entirely different
from the one referred to.    The difficulty in the
present case was presented to the Clerk h'mselt.
Conflicting evidence was brought into his office,
and what wa  he to do?   What was I to do m this
case?   Wasl to take upon m3 self the powers ot
the House of Representatives—the powers which
the Constitution has g ven to it to decide on the
qualifications of its members?   I assure gentlemen
that I have felt the delicacy of my situation, and I
have labored assiduously to be enabled to come to
correct conclusions in -elation to this question.   I,
therefore, now   respectfully appeal to this body,
to permit me to make a statement which I have
prepared in justification of my course on the pre-
sent occasion; and I think the request is not un-
precedented, when the conduct of a public officer
has been brought in question, as mine has been on
the present occasion.
Mr. JENIFER asked if the Clerk designed to
review h-s decision of-yesterday, and call the mem-
bers from New Jersey, so that the House might go
on without his interference.                                    i
The CLERK stated that he had taken the course I
on yesterday, which he felt it to be  his duty to ,
take, and he could not depart from it until he was j
satiified that his course  was then wrona;.   All he
now asked, was, to make a respectful appeal to the
House, and Jay before gentlemen the grounds and
motives which induced him to take the course he
did.
Mr JENIFER contended that it was the duty of
the Clerk to call the names of the five members
from New Jersey returned by the Governor, and
that he had no right to interrupt the organization
et the House by refusing to call them, when no
obj'ection had been made to having their names
called.
Mr. SLADE here rose and made a correction of
an error in the report of his remarks of yesterday
in one of the papers of the city, which was not
heard at the Reporter's desk.
Mr. ATHERTON hoped that the Clerk might
be permitted to make the statement which he desired
to make to the House, without objection being
made on the part of any member—
Cries of "Proceed! proceed "'
Mr. TALIAFERRO rose, and inquired of the
Clerk if he had in his possesion more than one
return from the State of New Jersey, such as the
law of New Jersey prescribed?
Cries of "Proceed' proceed'"   "No, no "
Mr. STANDEFER objected  to  the  Clerk' 
making any statement.     Let some of his friends
on the floor make a statement, if a statement was
necessary.
Mr. WISE thought it due to the Clerk—in the
situation which usage, if not law, and usage m this
case he regarded as law, had placed him—to be
permitted to make a statement.     He was very de-
sirous to hear a statement, and doubtle-s other gen-
tlemen were desirous to hear a statement, of the
reasons why the Clerk had not discharged the
duty which law and usage had imposed upon him.
He hoped, therefore, that all gentlemen would ac-
quiesce in hearing this statement, and perhaps their
action might be influenced by it.   It was only per-
suasive, and not authoritative, and certainly he
thought gentlemen ought to agree to hear any
evidence on the subject which the Clerk might
have to present.   Some called for the reading of
the law on yesterday, some for the reading of the
certificates, and some desired that the names of the
five members from New Jersey might be called;
and as he made no statement on yesterday why
the names were not placed on the roll and called,
he thought thu statement ought now to be heard by
universal consent.
When Mr. W. resumed his seat, there were
cries to the Clerk to "Go on."
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky said, for one, he en-
tered his solemn protest against the reading of this
prepared document by the Clerk. He asked if
the Representatives of the people were to have
their business mtenupted by their Cleric, and to
sit there to hear a prepared statement  read Iroi.i
the Clerk's desk, calculated, if not drawn up, for
the purpose of making  a   false   impresión  in
the countrj,   and ne thought,   when   his  fnen ]
from    Virginia   [Mr.   Wise]    agreed   to   hear
this  statement read,   he   had   not   reflected hiI-
ficiently on the   subject      In   his v.ew,  it  was
no mailer   wno   rose and objected here—it wa,
no  matter what the newspapers   of   the coun-
try had published—it was no matter what aih H-
vits the loafers of New Jersey had sent in to arre t
the laws of New Jersey.    It was the duty of the
Clerk to take the evidence  produced,  in confn-
mity to the laws of New Jersey, and it was not his
duty to rise and make statements here in íelat i n n
the matter.   Suppose the Clerk did go  on an 1
make this statement, would we go on and discus
this matter coolly where we lelt off?   No, sir. The
moment that he was done, new points wi uld be
raised, and we would be involved in greater difli-
culties than we are at present.   We would ha\e
difficulty enough in deciding the matter, if ve went
on discustng this matter now, without permitting
new p iints to be raised by the Clfrk, and he piu
tested against hearing any statement from him.
Mr. WISE was sorry to be thrust into a deoa e
with his own fnen's, but he thought if the gentie-
man from Kentucky would listen to what he ha 1
to say, he could convince him that it was proppi,
I legal, formal, and orderly, that the Cllrk shou'd
make this statement     It was true that the Clfrk
I was not technically-an officer of the House, but,
by the law ot mage and necessity, he  was alwajs
permi ted  to hold the  place which he now held
He was the quondam Cleik of the last Consres-,
and presented himself here first to render to his suc-
cessor in office the records, of the House, secondly,
the Clerk was here by the law of usage, and the
ordinance of 1785, imposed the duty upon the Clerk
of the last Congress to  keep a roll of members oí
Congress, and to call over that roll at their meeting
Mr. W  h°re read the ordinance of 1785,  and
also a resolution of 1791, to show that the Clerk
was sworn to perform this duty.  He contended
that    by  this   resolution,    if the   Clerk   wes
sworn    to    perform    this   duty,    and   that,   it
he   did not perferm it,   he   whould   be   disre-
garding  his   duty.     He   was   under  a   moral
obligation to   perform it; but   the members oí
the House   were   not under this moral   obliga-
tion, inasmuch as no  oath had   been   yet  ad-
ministered to them.   The Clerk was bound by an
oath to perform his duty, but the members of this
Hou>e weie not under ihir sacred obligation.   The
Clerk was bound by his oath to  discharge his
duty,*but the members of the   House were pre-
sumed to b° partisans.   They were presumed to
come from the heated mass of political fermenta-
tion.   We come here (iaid Mr. W.) with all our
partisan feeling—the blind and devoted slaves of
party—but the Clerk was presumed to be above this
political fanaticism.   The Clerk was bound by his
oath to be free from political influences,and, by the
resolution referred to, to be in office until he was
superseded by his successor.   Mr. W. read the
ordinance of 1785, prescribing the duties of the
Secretary of Congress; and said it he had been on
intimate terms with the Clerk, he would have
gone to his room and appealed to him, as an officer
by usage, if not law, as a Virginia gentleman,
bound by a solemn oath to perform a certain duty,
and as a Christian, who needs no oath to bind
him to discharge the duty which this resolution
and the law of usage imposed upon him.   The
Clerk   had  stated   to the  House on yesterday
that he  was not a judge,  and verily he (Mr.
W ) agreed that he was not a judge, and accord-
ing to his view of the Constitution, no man here
was a judge of his primo facie  right to a seat on
that floor.   Neither the Clerk, nor any other man
now present, could judge of his credentials.   Un-
der the Constitution he considered that, at the pre-
sent stasre of proceedings, they were in tranñtu, be-
tween uV House of Representatives and their con-
stituents, and no one had the right to decide upon
his credentials.
• Mr\w; ,hen rea<* the clause from the Constitu-
tion which gave to the States the power at present
