CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                                    7
to regulate elections, cited the mode by which the
Representatives from Virginia obtained their cer-
tificates of election, and contended ihat when that
certificate was obtained, as it was there, from the
sheriffs of their district, there was no power to pre-
vent them from taking their seats in this House in
the first instance.     When a gentleman here pre-
sented the evidence that he was entitled to his seat,
it was not the duty of the Clerk to decide judi-
cially upon it.     He was not a judicial  officer,
but a mere ministerial officer.   His duty was mere- i
ly to receive the evidence presented to him, and  j
enter it.   Had the Clerk the evidence in this case?  ,
If so, why did he not enter the names of the five
New    Jersey    members   upon   the   roll.     The j
Clerk  had said  that  he is  not   the  person to j
decide the question who are entilled to seats, and  I
has referred the matter   to us; but we have no  .
more right to decide it at present than he has; and   i
the question will necessarily come  back to   the
Clerk at last to be decided; and this was the view   '
which he desired   to press upon the Clerk, and  i
make him, as a man situated above party, as a  ¡
sworn officer, and as a Christian, do that directly ¡
which he would be forced to do indirectly.   The
Clerk has said he was not to   take  upon  him-
self to  decide   on   this   question,   but   refers   it
to   the   House,  as   if    we * were   a   conven-
tion   of   ministers,   who   had   the   power   to
decide on each other's credentials; but when  you
put the question  as to whether the credentials of
the five gentlemen from New Jersey shall be re-
ceived, who shall vote upon it, Mr. Aycrjgq and
his political friends, or Mr. Dicrerson and his po-
litical friends?   In refusing to decide on this ques-
tion, the Clerk does decide.   The failure to enter
the names oí the five members from New Jersey
has all the effect of a judgment—the potential
effect of a judgment.   It will be impossible for
the House to decide upon this question, and it will
devolve upon  the Clerk or some one out of it
to decide.   We come back, then, to you, Mr.
Clerk,  and  you  may   as   well  exercise   that
judgment at once, which you will be compelled to
do at last.   He contended that the evidence in this
case was the certificate of the Governor of New
Jersey, and that must be conclusive in the first in-
stance, because the moment gentlemen attempted
to go behind that, as some gentlemen had suggested
on this floor, they converted this  massive, un-
wieldy body into a Committee of Elections, and it
would have to go back to the people of Now Jer-
sey and be carted about from one district to ano-
other, to examine into the frauds which were gene-
rally committed on both sides at elections, which
would lead  them   into   interminable difficulties.
The Clerk has said that he could not decide upon
these certificates, but, at the same time, he has de-
cided upon them.    He has decided that Mr. Ran-
dolph has a certificate in the proper form, and has
put his name upon ihe roll.   Well, if his certifi.
cate is properly presented to him, and in a proper
form, are not the certificates of the other five New
Jersey members in proper form?   They are pre-
cisely in the same form of Mr. Randolph's.    If
his is  good,   theirs  are  good,   and   if   his   is
bad theirs are bad.   If the Clerk has not violated
his doty in placiug Mr. Randolph's name upon
the roll, it cannot be a violation of his duty to
place the names of Mr. Aycrigg and his colleagues
on the roll.   The certificate of the  Governor in
their case was prima facie evidence of their right to
a seat, and neither the Clerk nor the House, at
the present time, had the right to deprive them of
taking their «eats.   Suppose (said Mr. W ) objec-
tion should be made to my taking my seat, be-
cause some one should pretend that   he had a
right to it; would I permit the Clerk to prevent me
from participating in the organization of the House
in such case f   Has the Clerk any right or power,
onder the Constitution and the laws, to prevent any
body from exercising his right here, when he has
the evidence that he has a right to his seat in his
possession.   No; the*CLERK had no right to prevent
him from taking his seat when he had his certificate
in bis pocket; and although he did not desire to
preach revolutionary doctrines, he would not be
put to the test for all that the world could give him.
Neither yen, Mr, Clerk, nor any one else here, had
the right or the power, to judge on the matter
which the seven sheriffs of my district alone have
the right to decide.         \
Mr. W. «onsidered that the most proper mode
I of oigamzation would  be,  for the Clerk to call
over the  States, and then each member could rise
and present his credentials; and  when they pre-
sented their credentials in the proper form, they
were   entitled   to  their seats,  and  there was no
power to prevent  them  from taking their seat--,
and holding them  until the House, after it was  ,
properly     organized,     investigated     the     case.  ¡
He    considered    the   duty   of   the    Clerk    to
be a plain and simple doty, and  he again ap-  i
pealed   to   him,   as    a   sworn  officer,    to say   i¡
whether     it    was    n t    his    duty     to    enter
upon   the   roll    the    names    of     the    gentle-  ¡I
men who had the   certificate  of   the Governor  1
of New Jersey, uuder the broad seal of the State,  ,.
, whatever might be hisconvictions as to what ought ',
to have been done by the Governor; and if the j
Clerk had to decide this question at last, indi- 'j
redly, was it not better that he should decide it at i|
once?
In conclusion, he saul that he desired to hear '
what the Clerk had to say, and hoped he would be |i
permitted to make the statement he had prepared, I
because he wished the Clerk to tell him, as a I
sworn officer, as a native born gentleman of his
own mother State, and as a Christian, ready to an-
swer before God and his country, why he had not
' discharged his duty in the present case.
Mr. BRIGGS was understood to say that he
thought the Clerk ought to be heard by the
House, as he might probably give gentlemen some
reasons  which might satisfy  them  that  he was
' right.    Besides, the member? here assembled were
discussing, and had been discussing, the propriety    i
of the course which the Clerk had pursued, and  It
it was but proper that he should give the reasons
i which induced him to pursue this course. After -
this, the discussion on the floor might to on; and i
perhaps it would satisfy the Clerk that he was >
wrong in the course he had pursued, and he might j
be induced to take a different course. It seemed
to him  but common justice that this gentleman,  ¡
i who was placed in a delicate and responsible posi- j
tion, and who was acting in a  m?nner iiptv and   |
i unprecedented, should have the privilege of being
heard by the House.
\ Mr. WHITE replied to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] and con'ended
j that the ordinance of 1785, and the resolution of
I 1791, in relation to the dutips of the Secretary of
Congress, were no more binding upon the present
body than the rules of the last Congress. Their
force was only recognised by courtesy, and they
had no binding effect upon this body. The present
Clerk had undertaken to do what no Clerk bad
ever"before done, and he hoped-his friends would
not permit him to pursue the course attempted
to be pursued.    He thought  thers was something
I to be seen in the course which the Clerk was pur-
suing; and he hoped he would not be permitted to
make any statements to this body in relation to the
present case. He had no desire to deprive this
quasi Clerk of any of his rights; but if he desired
to publish the reasons which induced him to pursue
the course he had, he was at liberty to do so; but
he objected to the Clerk making the statement in
this body.
Mr. CUSHING desired to address himself to the
gentlemen here present; for although he recognised
the Clerk in his place as the individual who was
to keep the records of the House, and as the indivi-
dual who, under the order of the House, could put
questions, yet we were here the Representatives of
the sovereign States of the Union, recognising each
other at such, and he desired to address a word to
gentlemen here present, on the issue presented to
them. He desired to hear what the Clbrk had
to say, and he hoped he might be permitted
to   make  a  statement,   for  he thought the cir-
I curstance demanded that there should be ex-
planation, so that we might know, and the
people might know, why-l* was that the pro-
ceedings of the Representatives of the sovereign
States of this Unton were here arrested by the gen-
tleman who sits in that chair. What are we? What
constitutes this assembly? We are Rspresentatives
of the sovereign States of this Union, and we re-
spectively come here armed with the documentary
ev dence of our right to seats which the laws of the
States communicate to us; and we come here,
and take our seats of right, and not because onr
names may or may not be entered upon ihe roll
by the Ci erk.
The members from Maine,  New   Hampshire,
Massachusetts, &c. were called by the Clerk, and
when he came to   the  State of New Jersey, he
called ihe name of one gentleman, upon the com-
mission of the Governor  of that State.    But why
did  the Clerk  not proceed?    Had   not Messrs.
Aycrigg, Halstead, &c. identically the same evi-
dence of their right to  seats?    Had   they not the
same title to seats that Mr. Randolph had? There
rould be no good reason piven, under the Constitu-
tion and laws of the land, why the names of these
gentlemen should  not be   placed on the ro'l, be-
cause the moment yuu go behind the certificate of
the Governor, you  raise the case of a contested
election,   and   that  can   only   be done after the
House is propeily organized.   It may be that Mr.
Dickerson and h s as^ociaUs arc entitled to their
seals, but we cannot act on that question now. We
are only now to act upon the certificate, which is
of record in the  Cler\'s olice.    Under this state
of facts, he desired to  know why it was that the
certificates ot thp five members from the S'ate of
New Jersey, under the great s al o( the State, and
made out in pursuance of the laws  of the State,
and which was  recognised by the Clerk  in the
case of Mr. Randolph, should  be disregarded by
the Clerk.   He desired to know of the Clerk
why it was, when the same evidence was presented
to him in the case of these five gentlemen, which
was   presented in  the case  of   Mr.   Randolph,
lhat he refusei to put   their   names   upon   the
roll, and  proceed   with  the  organization   of Ihe
body.    He hoped that the   House weuld hear the
statement of the Clerk, but when  that statement
was laid before them,  he  hoped they should come
to some practical point.     We hive been debating
intricate and abstract questions, and  he  had been
surprised to hear gentlemen attempt'to nullify and
staltify their own powers, by arguing that we could
not vote, and decide  upon any  question.    Why
can we not decide?   We cannot choose a Speaker
without deciding.     When gentlemen say we can-
not vote and decide, they also say it is not in order
it choose a Speaker, tor that will be   the next
step in our proceedings.    Gentlemen were greatly
E-'stiken when they argued lhat we could not vote.
We can vote, and he supposed v. e would be voting
viva   vece   uy   and   by.     The   proof   was con-
clusive tuat we could vote  and decide, but he
looked a little farther.    We were not sworn mem-
bers of this House.   True it is we have our certi-
ficates, but we are an unorganized body, yet we
are a be dy of men with souls, as well as bodies,
and may we not make an issue, and decide on that
issue?   He considered that we had the inherent
right to   vote and   decide.     In   the House   of
Commons,   from    whence    we    derive   all   our
ideas    of    Parliamentary   practice,    the   Clerk
puts    questions   at    their    meeting,  and   it   is
so entered on their Journal, by order of the persons
present.   He does so because he is thejr servant,
and not their master.   The Clerk there puts ques-
tions, not as the presiding officer, but as the agent
and servant of the House.   There is an mhereat
necessity that we should vote and decide on ques-
tions, and it was idle to argue that we conld do
nothing but by unanimous censent.   It was next
to  impossible to find unanimous consent on any
question.    He denied any such principle. We may
decide upon questions put by  the  Clerk, or we
may appoint a chairman to put those questions, as
is done in conventions.     These were his views,
and ftr the purpose of bringing them to a practical
test, Mr. C moved the members that the Clerk to
the last House of Representatives have permi«sum
to read the statement lhat he has requested leave to
read, and that the question On this motion be put
by the Clerk.
Mr. VANDERPOEL inquired of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. White,] whether he waived
