8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his objection to the Clerk making a -statement
explanatory of the coarse he had pursued?
Mr. WHITE. I protest against the Clerk
reading that document which lies on his table. I
have no objection to his making a brief statement,
confining himself to his reasons for the course taken
by him,
Mr. VANDERPOEL said, if there were any
thing  like  concurrence  in   the  views  of gen-
tlemen   who   supported those  who   came  here
with the certificate or commission of the Governor
of New Jersey, the task of answering them would
be much more simple and easy; bnt gentlemen had
so many and such conflicting modes of attaining
the  same  ulterior  object,   as   at  least to jus-
tify    a suspicion  that   the   object   itself could
not  b« a   very  defensible   one.     One   seemed
willing   to   trust  the   Clerk, and charged  him
with  gross  delinquency for  not   inscribing  on
his roll the names of Mr. Yorke ana bis associates.
Other gentlemen seemed unwilling to trust him, and
thought it best that we should pass over the con-
tested seats until we got a quorum.     To whom
■were   the   arguments, submitted by  gentlemen,
mainly  addressed?    Most  of  the   speeches   to
which   he   had  listened,  had   been   addressed
to  the Clerk of   the   House;   some   severely
arraigning  his   conduct,   and   others   evidently
designed to   induce the  Clerk to recede from
the   position   he   had   taken.    Now,   did   not
common justice, he had almost said common de-
cency, demand that the Clerk should have the
opportunity  of   explaining?     Why    did   gen*
tienten deny  him   this   very   reasonable   privi-
lege?    Why   were  gentlemen here,   t   limine,
so anxious   to exclude   the   light?    Was   this
in accordance with  the  principle that  induced
them to exclude the evidence that went to show
that the certificate of the Governor was in truth
and in fact no evidence of the expressed will of the
soverign people of New Jersey, but that others ac-
tually received the majority?   Had it come to this,
that the voice of a majority of the people of a sove-
reign State was not only to be silenced by notes
of mere form and technicality, but that a function*
ary who had taken a course that might, in its con-
sequence;, possibly give effect to that voice, was
not to be allowed the opportunity of explaining
and justifying his course, and that, too, after it had
been animadverted upon in no sparing manner?
He hoped his friend from Kentucky [Mr. White]
would review the determination he had expressed,
never to permit the Clerk to read the explanation
he had proposed to submit to us.   It was due to a
functionary whom we held responsible for official
action, and whose decision had bien so severely
criticised.
Mr. V. said he had already remarked, that most
of the speeches had been addressed to the Clerk,
to induce him to abandon the position he had taken.
Suppose he refused to recede—and it was not to be
presumed that he had announced his decision with-
out due consideration—what course then remained
to us, if he remained consistent, but that proposed
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr- Rives.]
His motion was, that we pass, for the present, over
the contested New Jersey seats, call the residue of
the members whose right to seats was not contro-
verted; and then, having a quorum, we would
be in a situation to decide, whether, before organi-
zation, all the claimants should stand back.   No
other alternative remained to us.   If the Clerk
did not inscribe the names of either set of the New
Jersey claimants on his roll, we must, from the
law of necessity, by general eonsent, pass the con-
tested seats, and postpone further action upon them
until we procured a quorum competent to act. He
had heard a great deal about the law of necessity.
He acknowledged its full force and obligation upon
this occasion.   But there was another law to which
tve were here, in the discharge of our high duties,
amenable; he meant that law of courtesy and pro-
friety which should ever govern our deliberations
ere. He viewed the good tone and temper with
which the debate had thus far been conducted, as
an ample pledge that nothing unbecoming; the
places we occupied would be attempted or uttered.
To return, then, again to this universally respected
Jaw ot nttctsitt/, he would ask whether it did not
irresistibly drive us into the course  suggested by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Rives.]
The Clerk had decided, that m the present stage
of our proceedings, no question could be taken.
And it must be so; for no roll having yet been
called, and no quorum ascertained, any body would
now have a right to vote. Could not each of the
conflicting claimants from New Jersey claim and
exercise the right of voting? What could prevent
them? Why not vo e as well as any other gen-
tleman whose name had not yet been called?
Here, then, we would exhibit the monstrouty
of five more members voting within this bar,
than the Constitution or the Iaus of Congress.
ever authorized to be elected to the House? We
were then driven to the necessity, if our object were
not disorganization, of passing over the contesting
members, until the list of the undisputed members
was completed, and thus secure a tribunal to lot k
into their case.
[Here Mr. Wise asked Mr. V. to yield the floor,
in order to ask him a question. Mr. V. said he
would yield it for the purpose of explanation, but
not to be catechised.]
And here he would ask, whether, after the roll
was called, and before the Speaker was chosen, any
efficient action could be had upon this
subject matter. He had no doubt on the
subject. We were a House competent to act upon
it the moment the Clerk had finished calling the
list of the members whose seats were not disputed.
From the very necessity and fitness of things, a
power resulted to us to act upon matters of this
description in that stage of our existence. We
were a "House" before the Speaker was chosen.
The Constitution had created us such, by means of
the expressed will of the sovereign people of our
respective districts. Parliaments and Congresses
existed long before Speakers. There was a
sort of preliminary organization the moment
the toll was called by the Clerk. And
to sustain him in this position, he had very
high authority, in a distinguished gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Everett,] whom he differed from in
politics, but whom he always listened to wiih plea-
sure. He would bring to the aid of the gentleman
from Vermont, who sat before him, [Mr. Slade,]
the powerful ail of his colleague. He would now
read an extract from his [Mr. Everett's] speech,
which expressed his (Mr. V's) opinions with so
much more force and perspicuity than he could
express them, that he would adopt them as part
of bis argument. Mr. V. here read an extract
from the speech of Mr. Everett, in the case
of Claiborne and Gholson as reported in
the National Intelligencer of the 6.h September,
1837, as follows:
"Gentlemen were in error, in supposing that the
House was under no law. There was a law which
bound them, and that was the Jaw of universal
practice—the common law of Parliament. It was
a mistake to suppose that the House was not or-
ganized until a Speaker was appointed. There was
a preliminary organization, which enabled it to
act as a body. As to the list called by the Clerk,
he formed it according to usage, on what he'
deemed authentic information. He did so on his
own responsibility. As soon as the list was com-
pleted, and the members had answered to their
names, they formed an organized body, and might
proceed to elect a Speaker, a Clerk, or a Commit-
tee of Elections, just as they thought best, or might
at once proceed to decide on the credentials of in-
dividuals. In the present case, before the list had
been gone through, those whose names had not yet
been called bad no right whatever to vote, any
more than the surrounding spectators."
This doctrine, said Mr. V. so ably put forth by
the gentleman from Vermont, must be true.
What sad consequences might result if it were
otherwise. Suppose the Clerk is convinced, by
evidence before him, that the certificate produced ,
by a pretending member is a forgery; and that in '
consequence of the sudden death of the Go-
vernor, or other certifying officer, the oppo-
site party could not procure the genuine docu-
ment. Is there so much magic in this prima fade
evidence that the Clerk must passively enter his
name upon the rolls, and permit the villain not
only to defile these seats, but to participate with us
in our incipient, most impoitant acts and delibera-
tions? Are we indeed so impotent a body as all
this would imply? Must the poisoned Ziu.t of
fraud and villany not only be prodi.ced and
reaped, but actually eaten, before we can in'erpo.-e
an effectual veto to the production and participa-
tion of it? He would resist, and resist in an or-
derly manner, of course, long and most lu -tily, to
avert such consequences; for they would involve
the guarantee, that the potential voice of the ma-
jority of the sovereign people of New Jersey was
most culpably disobeyed.
How far he would consent to act upon ca-es 01
contested elections before the election of Speaker
and the organization of the House, in the common
acceptation of the term, was another question. But
we could, in this case, act far enough to enable u s
to determine whether one or the other set of gen-
tlemen were elected, or, at ail events, whether there
was so much doubt on the subject as that it would
be expedient that both should stand back  until a
Speaker was chosen and a Committee of Elections
appointed. As to these two seis of credentiaisyhe trial
upon which we would first enter was a trial of the
record, and in order to this, nothing but an inspec-
tion of the record'was necessary.     The law of
New Jersey declares "that the persons who have
ihe greatest number of votes from the whole State,
are the persons   chosen by the pecp'e of New
Jersey."   Mind, sir, the law is emphatic; "thegreat-
est number of votes from the   ichole State" not from
part of ihe State, oui tNng the good old Democraiic
towns   of  Millville   acd   South   Amboy.      The
commission   of the   Governor, upon   which   Mr.
Yorke and his associates rely, assumes the fact
I that they received the "greatest number of votes
I from the whole State"   This is at least implied,
i if not expressed.   The Governor then bases bis
| commission upon a return of votes from the who e
I State—upon a record, purporting to show that the
I gentlemen whom he commissioned received   ihe
1 greatest number of votes.   Their opponents come
in and say there is no such record.    You, Mr. Go-
) vernor, based your certificate upon only part of
the record.   You remembered to forget that thei e
were   two   such   towns,   named  Milville   and
South   Amboy,   in   the    State;    for   you   did
not  compute   the  votes  of these towns.   They
adduce the   actual   return, or the evidence   of
the actual return, as filed in the Department of
State, from which it appears that the record upon
which the Governor has ba«ed his certificate, or
commission, is partial and defective.   Jt it not the
true and genuine record.    Would this not rebut the
prima facie evidence of the certificate?  Prima facie,
sir!  What was the good sense and nature ot prima
facie evidence?   It was, that it stood good, until
rebutted by other and higher evidence; but, accord-
i ing to the doctrine of gentlemen, it was not, in its
nature, here prima facie, but  conclusive—con-
clusive   at   least   so   far   as   to   preclude   a
rebuttal until after the mischief was done; after the
prima facie members had voted for Speaker, that
high and responsible officer, who appoints your
committees, the eyes and organs of the House.
Prima facie evidence was, indeed, thus invested with
new and unheard of characteristics.
It was said by some, that we could not open the
whole door, and go into the whole case before a
Speaker was chosen. Here was the distinction,
and in stating it, he would indicate how
far he thought we might go in this
our embryo state. We were, perhaps, not in
a condition to purge the polls, to go beyond
the ballot boxes, into the consideration of evidence
designed to show that votes were given by disquali-
fied persons; for such an inquiry would involve
the examination of voluminous, and, no doubt,
conflicting testimony; and this could not well be
done without a committee; but we were competent
to look at the record, to look at the return?, and see
whether there was such a* record as that upon
which the Governor bases bis certificate. How
feasible was our course after the roll was called, if
we went only to the extent that his remarks
would commit us; and this would be all that was
necessary for the purpose of this case. This was a
case sm generis.   The distinction between this and
