lo
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
who should vote on it?   These questions never
could be decided   unless by general consent, or
by   leaving   it   to
votes,    and   then
question   he   had
its   decision
the   Clerk   to   count   the
he   would   decide   ihe  very
referred   to   the House  for
Considering   all these difficulties,
he begged the Clerk, before it was too late, to
recede from the decision he  had made, and to pro-
ceed to call over the names of the members from
the Sate of New Jersey.   The Clerk might, if he
pleased, call either of the two sets of members
claiming to represent that State.   He might call
Mr. Dicrerson   and   his  party,   instead of Mr.
Atcrico and his tnends.   All he wanted was for
the Clerk to proceed with the case of the House,
and he  begged  the Clerk  to go on.    He would
make one suggestion to the gentleman from South
Carolina,   and that  was that no question could be
decided there by general consent, as it was in the
cases he ha 1 cited.   Mr.   W. again drew the dis-
tinction between the case of Claiborne and Ghol-
son, and the one how presemea; aou ended by de-
claáng that their was no way of deciding the ques-
tions before them, but   by the   Clerk receding
from the daemon he had taken.
Mr. RHETT observed  that  they  must deter-
mine one thing at a time; and he thought that the
record he had j'i-t read was sufficient to show that
the moiion of the  gentleman from Massachusetts
could be put by the Clerk, in accordance wiih the
settled rule, of that body.   The motion of that gen-
tleman was, that the Clkrk be permitted to make a
statement,   explanatory   of   the   course   he   had
taken.     Now   the   House   had,    on   two   pre-
vious   occasions,   decided   that   it   was   compe-   '
tent for the Clerk to put such a question.    The  ii
gentleman from Virginia was mistaken in saying  I
lhat in the cases he had cited, the questions had   '
been  taken by general consent; for on both occa-   |
sions there was a division, and a very strong mi- ■'
nonty.   He thought  that it would be better for  ,'
them to take up one question at a time, and decide (!
that, and then go on to the next one.    If, however   ''
the House should not proceed  in this way and
the organization should be formed with members
who were returned in sonsequence of fraud and
a Speaker should be elected in consequence of votes
thus taken by fraud, he should take it upon himself
as a member of Congress, if no other gentleman
did, to move to have these frauds investigated and
the election oí Speaker set aside as utterly null and
void.
Mr. AYCRIGG, one of the gentlemen chimin 
seats from New Jersey, in virtue of the Governor's
commission rose, and addressing himself to the
Clerk, said: I wish to know, sir, whether, at the
time I called at your office with our credentials, you
did not acknowledge that they were perfectly íe°aJ
and in the form that thi credentials of members
from New Jersey had always been presented
Mr JOHNSON of Tennessee objected to the
Clerk being called upon to give a partial statement
without being Permitted to explain the whole «¡1*
The Clerk had heard his conduct called in ques-
tion on all sides, and it was unfair to call on him to
make so partial a statement.
Mr. GARLAND, the Clerk, then asked if he
might be permuted to make a statement explanato-
ry of his conduct.                                        y^uAw
ob£ctedAYCRIGa and SeVCral °lher « "«« «
Mr. JENIFER addressed the House at great
length arguing that the Clerk was bound own
s.der the certificates of the Governor of New Jer"
sey as the prima fade evidence of the   election
and to call over the names of the gentlemen S
sentedinthem    By puling a contrary cou^e
•he Clerk had taken upon himself virtually tod5
franchise the State of New Jersey, and to deprive
her members of their rightful share in the ZJ
zation of the House. He did not impugn the mo
uves of the Clerk, for the little intercourse he had
had with him had been very much to his cred"-bin
he beared that the Clerk had been influencd by
the advice of his political friends, and he was
anxtous to relieve him from the difficulty in whTch
they had involved him.     There was, he knew an
ultenor object mview-the depriving five oT'the
New Jersey members of their seats, was to be ¡ol ,
¡| lowed by ejectingone member from Pennsylvania;
11 and by thus ousting six members, a majority might
1 be obtained for the purpose of accomplishing the
iniquitous ends of party. The election of the
Clerk was also to come on, and his election was
believed by his friends to depend upon the organi-
zation of the House. The Clerk himself never
would have ventured to take the course he did, had
he not been urged to it by his friends. Mr. J. ap-
pealed to the Clerk, and urged upon him to recede
from his decision.
Mr. WELLER said the question presented to
the consideration of that assembly, (for it could not
yet be called a House,) it appeared to him, was a
very singular one.   The motives of the Clerk in
omitting to call the Whig claimants from New
Jersey had been impugned, and he had asked their
permission to state the facts in the case, as shown
by the papers filed in his office, and the reasons
upon which hs had acted.   He was utterly as-
tonished to find men  on that floor denying this
privilege to the Clerk.    He would ask the gentle-
men of the Opposition why it was that they were
unwilling to have all the facts?   Were they afraid
to let the Clerk state to the House the facts upon
which he was led to submit this quesiion of right
to the House?   Do  they fear that a fall and fair
exposition of the evidence  will show  that thrse
"certificate  gentlemen  are  not entitled  to their
seat*?   For his own part, he wished  to see the
evidence in this case laid before this assembly, and
before the country.   Let the people see how the
gentlemen    in  .the    Opposition   had   stught   to  |¡
trample   upon    their   rights—how     Governor
Pennington   and   his   Privy    Council   had   at-
tempted to place men in  this Hall whom they
hadjlrejectedi   He said he understood that there
was evidence on the Clerk's table, showing beyond
a reasonable doubt that the Democratic claimant*
received a majority of the people's votes, and that
the  Governor and hi;  Council had  usurped the
rights of  the pfople   by commissioning others.
What was the duty of the Clerk, then, umler these
circumstances?   Should he proceed to enrol   as
members of this House, men who, so far from being
sent here by the people, hid been rejected hy them?
SOT fA DOt- He fthe Clerk] was bound
under the solemnities of his oath to pass them
,-., I !*  Was lmPossib!e lo decide who were
I   entitled   to   the   seats.       Let   both   set*    stand
SanSf- the H0USe iS °^« whetl
full and fair investigation could be had.   Mr W
fw LW3S u?wi]ling l0 'ake a seat alongside of
¡I*- so f" frora coming here endorsed by the
people, come here with ajwto/on their backs.
Se on rW,Ilingthat ,hey Sh°Uld * P^"*! to
waSed°3nqeTtl0n' ™¿ ** ^ to Sea,S h"e
But it had been said that they could not go be-
hind .he "certificate" of Governor PenniSton
given under the "broadseaV of the State! ££
men appeared to attach some peculiar sanctity To
" 'Were they not aware that .here wJ an
SXSfS? «y ¡S Sands of ,he Clerk' unde"
Ik ..!   ¥>             . the Se«etary of State, showing
£u¿2inT'as il appears b' the ^'
m ms office? It they were ignorant of that fact
it was .heir own fault, forth?, had refused to hear
the papers read. Shall we, be asked suffer Roí
vernor Pennington, with his "grea* «a™. S S"
nufacture members for the pwjjein direct oZ'
Tl l° 'he rexPr^d wirtHel «MedK"
He hoped, for the honor of thi, nation Thai thev
,  would not suffer so gross an n.,tr«„l.   I            y
trated on «he rights ofThe people    g    '° * Perpe*
0PP^onhatu^LS,tS FSS ,"   'he
«Mitt. £S
  aijuer character.   Here, sir, we find upon the
table of our Clerk, proof that those certificates had
been given  to men who received a minority of the
popular vote.   That evidence was abundant and
conclusive.   Let  any  man   who: e nurd   is   not
under   the   complete    dominion    of  prejudice
examine   it,   and   tell   him  whether   there   was
yet  evidence  sufficent   to   warrant   the    Clerk
of the House in phcing  these men in this Hall
as members.    Your "prima facie" evidence is re-
butted by the most conclusive proof that the certi-
ficates are basely false.     You may succeed, he
said, in suppressing that evidence h^re, bin the
people of this country wi'l have it, and they will
do justice to this Whig Governor and  h,s Privy
Council.
Let the citizens of this Republic ence understand
all the facts in this case, ami, his word for it, thpy
would set the "great seal" of condemnation upon
this high-handed outrage upon their rights. He
said it was emphatically a contest between the Go-
vernor of New Jersey and hk Privy Council on the
one side, and the people on the other. Sh.sll the
people elect their Representatives, or shall Governor
Pennington do it for them? That was the q '.cation
submitted to their consideraron.
Suppose, said Mr. W. there was proof that the
certificates were fa'se; he would a-k whether they
were now in a condition to pass upon that ques-
tion? No: fot the question, who was entitled to
vote, would immediately arise, if a proposition be
made to investigate it. They would then be com-
pelled to decide upon the claims of these gentlemen
to vote.
Mr. W. said he would ask what weie these gen-
tlemen depending upon   to give them  peats?    Not
the votes of the people, but the mere  technicalities
of the law, and the broad seal of the State, fraudu-
lently made use of by Gov. Pennington.      Tlvs
was, as he before said, a eoniest between that Go-
vernor and the people of New Jfr^ey; and are gen-
tlemen willing to sacrifice ihe dearest rights  of the
people, and sustain the Governor in his  usurpa-
tions?   The people had as much right to have a
yoie in electing a SpeaKer ot  this House as to vote-
in the enactment of a law, and it was their solemn
duly to decide whether the people or the Governor
should be represented in the election of that officer
There was sufficient proof upon the Clerk's  table
that the Representatives of the people are entitled
to vote upon this question, and not those of Gov
Pennington; that his certificates wert untrue
Mr. MAXWELL here rose and denied the as-
sertion.
Mr. W. continued: He said he did not hear the
gentleman; that he would be pleased to hear him,
no withstanding he came here wjthout ,he anlhori  '
mJS Fe?P He again rei,erale<l that he was op.
posed to their voting for Speaker, and commended
he Clerk for the course he had pursued, and con-
tended thai it was his dnty to set aside the claims of
those who came there with fraudulent certificates.
"* said'he Princ'Ples advocated by «he Federal
IhhZ I ITuT' were ,n exact accordance
with hose which had governed that party from
•he first organizaron of the Government/ They
íntPaT,7ofr,rhCt,Sed ,Up°n the piiDclPle of ¿
St7 hePue°P,e io govern themselves-
hat the minority should rule. That, he said was
¡«corner stone of Federalism. They Sieved
bat .he great mass of their countrymen were too
ignorant to govern themselves; and hence    n thS
SS fe t0 C°mend lhat a Governor o "'a
whótC'íi gr'OÍ seaí'"w^ a better judge of
pt;iVeS;esWantt0 IepreSent ^Aaf the
HZ??' °r/,,nd "P0n ,e<*n¡cali.ieS! when he «J
'aid, that ZKel*tJ2PZ'rT' **, ^
showing that th.«,- . *       n ,he Clerk's tab e
Were we ,o írth^r     Sca,es Were base'* f«he?
were we to adhere so closely to technicalities
