COOTftfcsfeiÓÑAL GtÓfcíl.
13
bers of the House. This case might occur
as readily as the one which had occurred.
He pronounced the doctrine held by the
Clerk, a revolutionary doctrine, and de-
clared that the Clerk had beeu compelled to ad-
Tanceand maintain this doctrine by certain mem-
bers of the House, in oider thai his re-election
might be secured. Mr. G. replied to the remarks
of the gentleman from Oltio, [Mr Weller,]
and proclaimed that it was a.base ilander, for that
gentleman to declare ih.it the party with which he
acted had ever held the doctrine thai the msjority
of the people ought nut to rule. He contended,
also, that it was a direct attack on Slate sove-
reignty for the Clerk or the H jnse at present to
refuse to admit men to seats-, who had certificates
under the broad seal of the State of New Jersey,
and appealed to South Carolina State Rights men
to give their views on this subject, and repudiate
toe doctrine advanced by 'he Clerk.
( [Mr. Weller. made several ineffectual attempts
to gain the floor to reply to the remarks of Mr.
Graves ]
Mr. CRAIG resretted exceedingly that any thing
should have occurred to create such a feeling be-
tween gentlemen on the floor, as seemed to be ex-
hibited at present. Although we might differ on
political questions, he saw no reason why there
should be any personal bad feeling existing be-
tween gentlemen. Round assertions and imputa-
tions of motives carried no weight with them, and
the only effect which could result from such a
course of debate, would be to arouse the angry pas-
sions of gentlemen on this floor, where the utmost
guod feeling ought always to prevail. In reply to
the argument of the gentleman from Kentucky, he
contended that the course pursued by the Clerk
was not revolutionary, and that the adoption of the
resolution of his colleague would be a proper course
for the House to pursue. The gentleman from
Kentucky had said, that the moment it was shown
that the Whig members from New Jersey had not
received a majority of the legal votes of that State,
he would vote to exclude Ihem. Then, if
the gentleman held those views, he ought
to vote for this resolution, because, if it teas adopt-
ed, we might go behind the returns and ascertain
who had received the greatest number of votes. If
he believed that the gentlemen who had not the
Governor's certificate had received a majority of
the legal votes of the people of New Jersey, he was
bound in conscience to sustain them; and with a
view of obtaining some information on this subject,
be would ask of the gentleman from New Jersey
before him, if it was not a fact that the votes of
the people of the district of Sooth Araboy.and MilJ-
ville had been excluded from the general return?
Mr. RANDOLPH rose and stated that the votes
of the people of these two districts were rejected
because, in oup instance, the judges of election had
received a large number of the votes of aliens,
and in the oiher case, they were rejected because
they had not complied with the statute of the
State.
Mr. CRAIG said it did not matter; the votes
had been rejected, and in consequence of iheir be-
ing rejee'ed from ihe general return, the gentle-
men who were the political friends of the gentle-
man frcm Kentucky, claimed a seat. If thty had
not been rejected, the gentlemen on the other side
would have had a majority of votes, and we hoid
that they, having ihe majority of votes cast, have
the prima facie evidence of ii°ht to seats on this
floor. He could not be bound by the great seal of
the State of New Jersey, and vote for members to
take seats, when his conscience told him that
they were not entitled to those seats. All
he desired, was, that the gentlemen who had
the majority of legal votes of the State of
New Jersey should have the seats. With regard
to State sovereignty, which had been so much
spoken of, he would say that he had the highest re-
gard for it. But when he spoke of the sovereignty
of a State, he did not mean that there was no dif-
ference between the people who constituted the
Slate in this country, and the Governor and Coun-
cil. In this countty the/ people constituted the
State.                            _,   r   *
With regard to the proposition of the gentleman
from Kentucky, he could net like it, because it
called upon him and his friends'to cancel the whole
ground, and admit men to seats, who, in their opi-
nion, were not entitled to them. His object was
to exclude all the members from New Jersey of
both parties, and then to act upon the question af-
ter the roll had been called through.
Mr. PICKENS said he regretted exceedingly the
progress of this discussion, and particularly the ex-
citement growing out of it, and it seemed to him
that there was no cause for it? As to the threats al-
luded to, either out of the House, or on this tioor,
he knew nothing of them and Cared les*; born in-
sensible to fear, he was prepared to meet the issue
as it might arise, and do his duty to the country 
He considered much of the matter thrown into the
discussion this morning as irrelevant and uncon-
nected with the subject.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] had
presented a distinct and definite proposition, and in
writing , and in his (Mr. P's) judgment it was a
reasonable proposition. He had said at the very
commencement of the deba'e that this was an un-
objectionable proposition. It was in effect the
very motion made by a gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Rives] on a former day; and as to the doubts
suggested in regard to the latter part of the resolu-
tion, he for one was unwilling to express them.
He was willing to meet the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Wise] in fairness and candor, and
he could not believe that that gentleman intended
to play a miserable trick upon the House. He
knew the gentleman wonld not do so. In his
judgment, the case might be stated in this way.
When the Clerk progresses, and calls through the
roll of undisputed members, you will then have a
quorum competent to decide Ihe preliminary ques
tion. The House has the right to decide now, or
then, aBd the preliminary question which will be
presented to it, is, as to who has in his possession
the legal returns from the State of New Jersey.
The one side may say that the certificate of the Go-
vernor was the only full, legal, and prima facie
evidence, and the other side may say that the ma-
jority of the freemen of New Jersey who had sent
here another set of Representatives, had presented
a prima facie case in fall. Well, was he to say
that one set of gentlemen were madmen
and fools, because they chose to take one
statement as prima facie evidence, in prefe-
rence to another? What is prima facie evidence?
Absolutely nothing, if it is fairly rebutted by other
prima facie evidence; and the tribunal constituted
to judge, is to decide which is the best testimony.
We are constituted under the Constitution the
supreme tribunal to judge in the matter. Under
the Constitution, it belongs to us to decide
on the qualifications, returns, and elections,
of members to this House. There is no ap-
pellant jurisdiction; and one side ttoay say
that the testimony presented by one set of
members is to them pHma facie evidence,
and the other side may say that the testimony pre-
sented by the other set is prima facie evidence for
them. We are created by the Constitution quo ad
o« the judicial tribunal, and there is and can be
no other. But the practical question is, can we
decide? A gentleman has proposed that we go on
and organize the House. You can either decide
on that question, or you can go, if you choose, into
the ments of the question. The reason why the
House has heretofore preferred an organization
by the election of a Speaker, and the appoint-
ment of committees, is from mere expediency.
But it belongs to the Honse, as a matter
of right, to go directly into the merits of ihe
question, and look behind the prima facit evidence
without the interposition of a usual committee if
theyjehoose. If theJHouse choose to decide as to the
returns first, they can do so, and if it choose to de-
cide on the merits of the election, it can do so. The
only practical question was the one present-
ed by the gentleman from Virginia; and he
thought it so reasonable, that he thought gen-
tlemen on all sides should unite upon it. Gen-
tlemen ought to come here prepared to meet each
other in confidence and liberality. Ht saw no
reason for witholding confidence unless he was first
betrayed; and when once betrayed he never placed
confidence again in the men who betrayed him; but
he knew that the gentleman who offered this resolu-
tion never intended to play a trick on the House.
When he spoke of this resolution, it might be sup-
posed by some gentlemen, that he had seen it be-
fore it \vas presente! here; but he assured gentle-
men that he had never seen it, or heard it read,
until it was read from the Clerk's table. It was,
however, precisely the motion of the gentleman's
colleague, [Mr. Rives,] excepting some little par-
ticularity as to the mode of proceeding at ihe close
of it.
He wished now to say a word in reply to he
gentleman from Kentucky, In regwd to Stale
sovereignty. When those questions come up to be
decided, he would be prepared to decide them, but
he would say at present that, according to his own
ideas, State sovereignty was not in the keeping of
a Governor and Council, or under a great seal.
It was in the keeping of the people. It was pro-
perly in their keeping, and when they speak through
a convention, then they speak the sovereignty of
the State, and not till then. The Governor's sea!
and certificate are evidence Of State authority, but
are not exclusive evidence of sovereignty. We
hold that Sovereignty is in the keeping of the peo-
ple themselves, and they alone have the right to
declare their sovereignty when they meet in
convention; but, sir, sovereignty does not be-
long to State Legislatures or Governors of
States. Give him the legal evidence that such
was the authority of New Jeisey or of South Caro-
lina, properly presented, arid #hen the question
properly arose, he would vote upon it. But he held
that the House, if they chose, had the whole mat-
ter under their adjudication, and could not only de-
cide upon the returns, but could go directly into
the merits of the question, if they thought it expe-
dient.
He would here say, withotit expressing an opi-
nion as to the evidence, as he had not examined it,
that although he was not prepared to say on all oc-
casions roar Popnl imust be cox Dei, yet he was net
ready to run counter to the express voice of the
people of a State, if it was legally showa to him to
be tl eir voice. He called upon gentlemen to be-
ware how they set at defiance the will of the peo-
ple, when clearly expressed. He did not desire to
preach revolutionary doctrine, but he was ready to
declare a great truth, that history would bear him
out in, which was, that the thunder of Heaven
might sometimes be heard to roll in the indignant
murmurs of an outraged, but free people.
As to who had the legal returns, he was not pre-
pared to say at present. When that question arose,
he thought there would be no difficulty in deciding
it; but he would assure gentlemen, that by technica-
lities they could never smother up the great ques-
tion as to who were here the representatives of a
majority of the legal voters of New Jersey. When
the people come to decide upon that question, they
will tear off, and trample in the dust, the technica-
lities of special county court pleading, which are
thrown around us here for party purposes, or
otherwise.
He trusted that the good sense of the House
would induce them to adopt the proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia. Then we may adopt
rules for our government, or do any -other a:t
whicrt may be necessary in the decision of the case.
With regard to the idea that the reading of the
roll entitled a member to his seat, he wouid say a
word. The Clerk calling the roll did not entitle
him to his seat. He had not presented his cre-
dentials, , and the Clerk had no right to de-
mand that he should do so. They can only
be demanded by the House, and he had no
right to go forward to lay his certificate on that
table until it was demanded of him by the House.
He would scorn to present his credentials before
any tribunal save the House itself, or at the
Speaker's desk, as the organ of the House. He'
was a member without going before the Clerk or
on the roll, and acknowledged nothing but the
House as a tribunal to judge er decide. We
were members • wiihout the oath, and could
take it at any period -when the -Hoase chose.
The Constitution made «s sack, wi* P°wer t0
elect a Speaker, and to judge of the returns, quah-
