14
ficattons,&c. of our members, it then directed an
otth, but not the time. As a question of mere right,
the whole matter was under our jurisdiction, but as
to the expediency of exercising our right and power
before full organization, that was a qaestion of ex-
pediency merely.
Mr. BARN A.RD observed that he had listened with
the most profound attention to the discussion which
had been going on for the last two or three days,
without attempting to take any part in it.   He
had not ventuied to express his own views on the
subject, nor had he even ventured to make up a
final opinion on it before he had heard, and atten-
tively weighed, the opinions of other gentlemen.
But, having heard the opinions of others, he was
now prepared to make known the conclusions to
which his mind had arrived, and he was prepared
to act as a member of  Congress in accordance
with these conclusions.   With the permission of
the House, he would now proceed to make known
his views on the subject before them, and if they
should seem as reasonable  to others as they ap-
peared to be to him, he indulged the hope that
some mode of relieving the House from the diffi-
culty in which it would seem to be involved, would
be adopted.   He had but one word to say with re-
gard to the Clerk of that House, and the position
he was placed in.   That functionary was elected
by the last House  of Representatives, which ex-
pired as an organized body on the 3d of March
last.   From that day, it* being as an organized
legislative body ceased; it was dissolved; it was
resolved into its original elements; and those ele-
ments could never be gathered and  compacted
again, so as to form a body in form and shape as
that  was.     But if  the existence of  that  body
ceased with   the termination of   the period for
which it was created, it was not the same case with
the existence of the Clerk.   No, sir; that func-
tionary had something more of life in him.    He
was recognised by the Contitution and the law; an
officer of the law,  on whom   the law imposed
certain duties to be performed, as well after the
existence of the House as an or? anized body, as
while it was in being.   That functionary was not
only Clerk of the last House of Representatives,
but he was stiil Clerk of this, and would continue
so until his successor should b« appointed.   It was
a cardinal principle of the common law,  that the
public interests shall never be permitted to suffer
for want of an incumbent to fill important offices;
and in all such cases, by the common law of the
country from which we derive most of our institu-
tions, as well the common as the parliamentary
law, every functionary holds over—to use a legal
phrase—till his successor be appointed.   Now it
was in analogy to the rule of the common law,
that the parliamentary rule was adopted that the
Clerk of the House of Commons holds over until
his successor is appointed.   This was the settled
parliamentary rule in England as well as in this
country.   He regarded, therefore, the Clerk, in
assuming his seat and calling the House  to order,
as having done nothing more than he was fully
warranted in doing both by law and usage; and
further, he regarded the Clerk, in the position he
thus  occupies, as having his powers necessarily
enlarged in consequence of the want of a Speaker:
so enlarged that he is competent to enrol members'
names, call over the names of members, and to put
any question which the House can lawfully decide;
to put questions of adjournment, and questions on
the election of Speaker, and in short any other
questions which the House, in its partially orga-
nized state of existence, can entertain.   So much
for the powers of the Clerk.   Now as to his du-
ties.    We have assembled here, a large number of
gentlemen claiming the rights and privileges which
belong to representatives of the people in Congress.
We have assembled here on the day appointed by
law for the meeting of the Twenty-sixth Congress;
and we have assembled in this hall,- which is the
place appointed for our  meeting.    Every man
who has tak«n his seat on this floor claims to have
done so with the character, privileges, and rights
©fa Representative of the Congress of the united
States.   Now, having thus assembled, the Clerk
assumed his appropriate duties.   He, at the pro-
per hour, commenced calling over the roll of the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House of Representatives according to law and ac-
cording to usage—not according to usage merely,
but also in accordance with parliamentary law.
By the rule of convenience merely, he proceeded to
call over the roll by States, beginning with the
members from the State of Maine, and went on
till he came to the State of New Jersey, when his
progress was arrested by this means. After the
Clerk had called as far as one of the Representa-
tives from New Jersey, he proposed to the House
to pass over the names of the remaining members
from that State until he had called the rest of the
roll over; and for what purpose? Why, sir, as I
think was sufficiently explained by the Clerk, to
enable us to form a quorum of undisputed mem-
bers. Now why, I ask, (said Mr. B.) shall we
pass by the State of New Jersey with that object in
view? And, as he understood the resolution intro-
duced by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Wise,] it was precisely in accordance and in af-
firmance of the position assumed by the Clerk.
He would ask gentlemen to pause and reflect if
this did not assume certain important things; if it
did not assume that questions might arise in the
course of the organization of this House, for
which it might be necessary to have a quo-
rum of undisputed members to vote?
Now he (Mr. B.) assumed, and he asked gen-
tlemen to listen to him while he explained the
grounds of his assumption, that no question had
arisen, which the House was called upon to pass,
and that no question could arise which it was com-
petent for it to decide. U this assumption was
eorrect, he would ask why were they arrested in
the midst of the organisation of the House? The
Clerk had told them that he wanted a quorum
and gentlemen on that floor had told them the samé
thing. Why (asked Mr. B.) do you want a quo-
rum? For what purpose? What question was
before the House, which it was called on to pass
in review; or what question was likely to come
before i l which it was competent for it to decide?
It had been said, in the first place, that when they
came to the State of New Jersey, there were cer-
tain returns, or, more properly speaking, commis-
sions, which the House would be called upon to re-
view. If so, then was he mistaken in the judg-
ment he had formed. Did not the Clerk present
to the House one of the members from New Jer-
sey, holding a commirsion prjeisely similar to
those held by the five gentlemen he refused to
cam Had any gentleman on that floor doubted
the validity or authenticity of thase commissions?
Was n not conceded on all bands that these conv
missions were in the proper form? Were ihey not
in conformity with the laws of New Jersey both as
to form and substance? And what question, he
asked in regard to these commissions, was to be
passed on by the House? Why, sir, (said Mr. B )
an honorable member, at an «arly stage of the
debate called for the reading of the law of New
Jersey fon the subject of elections. Why read
hat law? Certainly not for the information of
the honorable gentleman who called for it, for he
was well acquainted with the law.   Certainly not
ín J,™kf°rnaati0B °f a*y gentleman present, for
no man had ventured to state that these corarais-
sions were not in strict conformity with the law
letter for letter, word for word, and comma for
comma. He begged gentlemen to refltct on th s*
things. Then (said Mr. B.) we want no quorum
of ascertained members for the purpose of v&JZ
IT*,' T,aí!dÍVf these commyons.PThef
were admitted to be what the law required, and
fin a" l^TBt> S0 far as «** ^reVncerned
But hey had been informed by the Clerk that he
wasin possession of certain other papers?showing
íhnf Mai?pers°nsother than lhe «ve gentSef
who held the commissions of the Governor of New
Jersey, cla.med seats in the House of Represent
<>ves as Representatives from the State of New
Jersey. Now, with regard to these paper* whaU
ever they might be, I put (said Mr. BP) this ques
ion solemnly to the House-.-I, thereany „ £
HonÍP Ha5eaSnvPape[f * * paS"d «P^V32
nouset     Had any gentleman stated that these Da
I,n Tk  ° conforn>i'y with the laws of NeSYer-
?rnyiJheF0n8ec0nld admit b t «x member
from New Jersey, ^d these had presented^
selves with the regular legal commissions from the
constituted authorities of the State, which Jie on
had'imimWno "such thing! No gentleman had
stated that he regarded the other set of papers as
the regular legal evidence of membership, accord-
ing to the laws of New Jersey. Then what qu<?,s.
lion was there here to pass on? He admitted that
it would be competent for the House to en-
tertain a question between two conflicting
returns from the same State, but he maintamed
that there were no conflicting returns from the
State oí New Jersey; for the papers presented by
the gentlemen contesting the seats of the gentlemen
bearing the Governor's commission were n ot re-
turns, in the proper sense of the terra. He would
ask either of the honorable gentlemen who appear-
ed here, bringing with them these paper?, whether
they had ever, for a moment, from the time of their
receiving them to this, regarded themselves as ex-
iting members of Congress from the State of New
Jersey? He would ask them if they had claimed
privilege from arrest in virtue of having theie pa-
pers? If they had done so, then he, Mr. B. had
only to say to those gentlemen that they had claim-
ed a character, rights, and privileges which be-
longed no mere to them than to any other cit,zen
of the United States. But could any man doubt
fer a moment ihat, with the commissions of the
Governor of New Jersey on the Clerk's table,
those gentlemen holding them could claim all the
rights and privileges which the Constitution gave
to members of Congress? Suppose either of these
gentlemen had been arrested on his way to the
Capitol, did any man doubt that, with the commis-
sion of the Governor of New Jersey, attested by
the broad seal of the State in his hands, and with
the provision of the Constitution requiring that full
faith and credit should be given to the public acts,
records, and judicial proceedings of every State of
this Union, his claims to be considered as a
member of Congress would be respected by every
court of justice in the Union? Could any question
be raised here as to the regularity of these returns,
whether tbey are, or are not, conformable to the
laws of New Jersey? Was there a man who had
any doubts on this point? The question did not
arise on the regularity of either of the conflicting
returns; for in the one case the regularity was ad-
mitted by universal consent, and in the other case
the irregularity was conceded also by universal
consent.
He, Mr. B. did not claim to have much expe-
rience on matters of Government or matters of law;
but it had struck him with much surprise that gen-
tlemen of legislative experience, should contend
that this House, previous to its organization, cnuld
undertake to decide how the popular vote of New
Jersey was given. The House in its present par-
tially organized State, was incompetent to entertain
any question of the kind—nor could it act on the
subject at all any further than to ascertain who held
the regular and legal commissions from the consti-
tuted authorities of the State. The House could
not appoint itsoflicers, its Clerk, Sergeant-at-Aims,
and door-keepers, nor elect its committees, until
after its organization by the election of a Spsaker.
Neither could it do any act in its judicial character.
It could not arrest its members for breach of order,
nor entertain an impeachment, nor summon wit-
nesses; and least of all, could it decide in a case
of contested election—the most tremendous power
it could exercise. He could not see how the com-
mittees can be appointed until after the organiza-
tion. The House would possess no authority to
send for witnesses, nor, in short, in any way exer-
cise the judicial power. He would lurther ask how
they would proceed in the case of a contested elec-
lion. Would it be under oath? Might gentlemen
perform a part of their duties under the Constitu-
tion, before taking the oath, and the rest afterwards?
He would undertake to say that no gentleman
would sit and act in the important part of deciding
on elections, before taking the oath. Mr. B. here
read an act of Congress, which requires that the
members shall take the oath before proceeding to
business. The law, then, requiring that the Speaker
shall administer the oath, it therefore followed that
they could not legally proceed Ip business until after
