CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
the election of Speaker. It was with the views he 11
had offered that he was opposed to the course taken !|
by the Clerk, and to the resolution offered by the "
gentleman from Virginia. He was opposed to
both, because there was no question before the
House that it was competent to act upon. To his
mind, they had nothing now to do with the ques-
tion as to who were legally entitled to the seats, by
virtue of a majority of the popular vote. No such
question could be properly entertained at this time,
in the partially organised condition of the House.
Mr. B. then went on to argue that there was no
pood and sufficient reasons for passing by the State
of New Jersey, in calling the roll. The reasons
which had been offered did not exist in fact; for it
mattered not whether New Jersey was called first
or last, her members who came with the Governor's
commission could not be excluded from taking
their part in the organization. It was the duty of
the Clerk to proceed in calling the roll, and there
was ne difficulty in the way to prevent it. Let the
Clerk proceed—the House waited for him—the
Constitution waited for him—the law waited for
him. The wheels of Government were arrested by
his pause. In the name of God and the Constitu-
tion, let him move on.
Mr. COOPER said, he appeared as a Representa-
tivefrom the State of Georgia; and without in-
tending any disparagement to those who may have
omitted to do as much, he preiented in his hand,
for the inspection of the members of the Twenty-
sixth Congress, now assembled from the several
States, the evidence of that character, which, until
now, had been assumed amongst you*. It was a
commission to which was affixed the great seal of
the Slate of Georgia.
Sir, said Mr. C. I rise for the purpose of making
a few statements, on which may arise several
questions pertinent to the position of affairs here
existing. From these inferences may be drawn by
which we may understand what relation the indi-
viduals now present bear to each other, and to the
country. I shall be able thereby to show the views
I entertain of the powers of this unorganized mass
of individuals.
He felt proud to realize, for the first time, the
presence around him of-the talented, distinguished,
and worthy members, of the most august assem-
blage of legislators known to the world. It is no
other than a meeting of the Representatives of the
several States, for the purpose of organizing the
Twenty-sixth Congress, convened pursuant to a
compact of union entered into between the States.
That compact was the Constitution.
He said the members of Congress are here.
This statement, though doubtless true, was mani-
fest only in part. What now, he asked, is our
true condition? The persons present having called
to their aid, by authority of precedent and usage,
the Clerk of a former Congress, by common cvn-
«nt, agreed to pursue the course heretofore adopted
for organization. By that course, the Clerk was
required to call the Slates severally, beginning with
Maine, passing thence South and West, ?o far as
he might fee fortified with reasons.to believe mem-
bers were present. He had called the Slates thus
in order, asking the several members so called to
respond to their natnes. Thereupon he enrolled
the names called 10 represent each State, until he
arrived at New Jersey. He then sounded the
name of one member, and enrolled it. Here he
suspended the call, making known to those present
that five other names were returned by New Jer-
sey. These five, said Mr. C bear respectively a
commission under the great seal of the State, in
like manner and in due form with the first, certify-
ing them to be members elect of the Twenty-sixth
Congress. But that the Clerk has also in his pos-
session papers purporting to be credentials, or
certificates of election, in favor of other five per-
sons, showing thpm to be the elect of New Jersey.
These certificates are signed and sealed, but not by
he great seal of the State. The Clerk, finding
in himself no authority to decide which shall be
called, asks the advice of those present. Thus
far, be said it seemed to him, he has pursaed a
prudent course.
Under these circumstances, sir, (said Mr. C)
various propositions are made in successive order,
on which has obtained a protracted discussion.
During its progress, grave and novel as is the atti-
tude we are in, principles the most grave have
been advocated or denied.
It appeared to him that the names already called
and enrolled, did not constitute a quorum of a
House of Representatives.
The embarrassment was apparent to all, and
each one in turn repeats the inquiry, What shall
be done? The Clerk could not proceed without
advice. Less than a quorum could not advise.
None but members elect could advise; and the
multitude present, not yet called, he said, were not
known as members. The Clkrk, he contended,
could not pass over New Jersey, without the
unanimous consent of the individuals present, for-
asmuch as by unanimous consent it was agreed
she should be called in the order she now stands in.
Hence would arise continually the question, What
could be done?
Amidst the various propositions submitted, there
were two into which all the others ultimately would
run.   One was, to pass New Jersey, by  allowing
her   no  Representative, because of  the  contest.
The other was, to admit the members certified by
the seal of the State, he said, for want of power, at
this period, to question the right of  those who
bear it.
Mr. C. said that, impelled by a sense of duty to
i  the country, and of respect to those he addressed,
he felt bound to repeat no more of what others had
urged than was necessary to the presenting fairly
what occurred to him as new.   He would also en-
deavor to bear in mind one other good rule, which
was to "quit when he had done."
i      At this stage of proceeding, he held they could
not entertain a question as to Ihe right  of the five
persons from New Jersey, who came   with  the
great seal of the State, accompanied by a certificate
, in due form.
i       Mr. C said, in the argument here, he was almost
I   superseded by the clear and forcible illustrations of
!,  the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] folio w-
j   ed by those of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
:  Hoffman.]      He did  not hope to add weight to
what they had urged.      Her.ce, having made the
statements he designed to make, he  proceeded to
ask, Who and what they were that now debated
this matter?    They were not the House of Repre-
sentatives, because, though placed together in this
hall, they did not yet know each oiher as such,
having exhibited no credentials, nor  answered to
their names.   Until that should be done, they were
no more a House, as contemplated by the Consti-
tution, than before they left home.      "The House
of Representatives shall be composed of members
chosen," &c. says the Constitution.   This imports
'    a placing together of members recognised  by each
|,  other in some H^use.
Ii      What, then, said Mr. C. are we, sir?   We are
the pnrsons "chosen" "by the people of the several
i    States."    (This he asserted for his colleagues and
i I  himself, and presumed of others, for sake  of illus-
!j   traiion.)   They had come togeiher, he said, in that
House, and were inquiring of each other's wiwn&er-
:  ship.    Before being satisfied, except as to part,
.   they had come to a pause.    Was it true, then, that
I   anterior to being known to each other as members,
j   and even before coming hete, they were, in fact,
I  members of this CongTess, now being "composed"
into a House of Representatives?   Such, said  he,
was thelact; otherwise their coming here, or their
meeting together, or this hall, had maJe them
members.
If members of Congress, before they arrived
here, when and how became they so? Sir, let the
Constitution speak, the compact of union, and by
it let every Nullifier abide.
The Constitution says, section 4th: "The times,
places, and manner of holding elections for Sena-
tors and Representatives, shall be prescribed in
each State by the Legislature thereof." Thus, it
appears, the aet of the Slate determines the how
and the when a man becomes a member. But how
does she make her act known? Here, too, she was
left untrammelled, for they dared not inquire into
the mode in which she chose to make it known.
Whether her letters patent, with her seal affixed,
contain the  whole fact, or whether by them she
make known ihat it is properly evinced by cetti-
ficate of a justice of the peace, was immaterial.
When she declared she had done an act, and put
her s eal to the declaration, she had done the most
solemn act she could perform. We, said Mr. C.
are bound to respect it; so is every earthly power,
unless, to some, she had delegaied power to call it
in question.
Had she delegated such a power; if so, to whom?
By the Constitution, section 5, the House of Re-
presentatives "shall be  the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members."
This grant of power is to the "House, composed"
and formed as before shown, and to none other,
and at no other time.   Until that tribunal, pointed
¡ out by and with her consent and authority, and
that of her sister States, was created or "composed,"
her    most   solemn   declaration   was   conclusive,
touching the election, binding on them for the time,
; ¡ and all the world besides.      So true was this, that
I   between sovereign States, a discrediting one State
I by another is just cause of war.   How then should
| they escape the conclusion ? Should they, an unor-
ganized  body, not yet characterized  before each
! j other, "members," "elect," "chosen," but not "com-
;j posed" into a House, before the grant of power is
¡| delivered, assume to set aside an act of sovereignty
I   —nay, drive from their presence the sovereignty
.   itself,    in    the   persons    of   their   Representa-
tives?     Yes, sir,  he   said, the sovereignty;   be-
cause, although he might, before the proper tri-
bunal, be taught there was a fallacy in it all, still,
for the present, he must act on the presumption that
an act, having such authenticity, did truly transpire.
And whilst he conceded the position of the gentle-
man from Carolina, [Mr. Pickens] that the peo-
ple in  a primary assembly might   perform acts
paramount to  the great seal, the laws, and our-
Constitution, he still maintained, what he thought
a Nullifier ought, that in the absence of any  act of
I   a primary assembly to the contrary, the expressed
!   will of a people, evinced by the most solemn act
1   of their superior agent, in form and manner di-
rected by them, was a sovereign act, on the plain
principle that what one does by an agent he does
I by himself.
Here, sir, said Mr. C. permit me to pause for a
moment to review the relations of those I have met
here, whilst I point to the positions occupied by
what I understand to be the two great contending
parties that divide the politicians of this country.
Not for the purpose of denunciation or acrimony,
but hoping to excite none on the part of either, and
feeling none, I recur to them to enforce what I
say. I appeal to the acts and sayings of both to
demonstrate that, in this matter, consonant with
what one party now says and does, and that wh.ch
the oilier of late said and did. There ought to be
found no one objecting to the proposition requiring
us to recognise, for the present, without question,
the members from New Jersey who bear the great
seal of the State.
Before doing this, he asked to be allowed to
state that, in coming here a Nullifier, and believ-
ing the perpetuity of the Union greatly depended
on the preservation of that Republican faith, and
being identified with the State Rights party from
choice, education, and habit, yet knowing no rule
but the faith contained in the creed, he was taught
to believe he should find here that party he was
used to oppose, more nearly professing and acting
out his principles than their opponents. On the
point here debated, he found, he said, most, if not
all the Opposition, especially the gentleman from
Virginia and the one from New York, leading in
a way that looks as familiar to his eye, as the road
to the mill. If, then, the Democratic Republicans,
as they are sometimes called, should be found
in the same track, for one time they should all har-
monize on a ground, at one period or other main-
tained by each.
To show, sir, said Mr. C. that my views ought
to be sustained, and that, on this point, they and I
ought not to differ, I beg to read fiom an authority
they will r.o doubt recognise.
Mr. C. read from the Globe, of July 17th, 1838,
from a document, the caption oí w hi«h is as fol-
lows:
"At a meeting of Republican members of the
