IS
CONGRESSIONAL GLOSÉ.
Senate and House of Representatives, held at the
Capitol, July 6tb, 1838, ihe Hon. John M. Niles
ofConnectiJUt, and the Hon. Charles,E. Haynes
or Georgia, being chairmen, and the Hon. George
M. Keim of Pennsylvania, and Ihe Hon. H. L.
Turney of Tennessee, acting as secretaries, the ad-
dress to the people of the United States was re-
ceived  and farther considered*, whereupon, on
motion of the Hon. Hiram Gray of New York, it
Resolved, That the address be signed and pub-
lished by «he committee who prepared it, in behalf
of tne Republican members of Congress."
From that paper I read the following extracts, to
wit:
"Hence the different light in which the two par-
ties tiewed the character of the system. The Re-
publican party held it to be federative in its charac-
ter, and formed by the States in their sovereign ca-
Eacity, and adopted for their mutual security aad
appiness, while many of their adversaries regard-
ed it as a great National Republic, formed by the
American people in the aggregate, to promote the
interest of the majority, instead of the several
States: composing it.
"We adhere to the constitutional doctrines of the
Republican party of 1798  9. We adopt the rule
of strict construction they maintained. These are
the principles upon which we would have our Go-
vernment administered; and a reference to our
views upon the great and agitating topics of the
day will, we trust, show that we are disposed to
cajry these principles into practice by our public
acts,"
These are doctrines (said Mr. C.) familiar to us
—sound and good. Ñbw, sir, here is a case to
apply ihem. Let us stand to them through evil
report as well as good; take hold of them, and
looking nor right nor left, let us see what first
arises. 1 now invoke those who have adopted
these principles—1 affectionately invite them (for I
truly feel affeciion for all who sincerely take hold of
such) to arrest this controversy, and by unanimous
consent put an end to debate.
This was a union of States, not of the aggregate
mass of the whole people of this Union. Therefore
New Jersey properly speaks in this case in her or-
ganic capacity,and we, at this time.cannot controvert
her, or permit it to be done in a way not appointed.
We, said Mr. C. hold to the doctrine of "strict
construction" of delegated powers. Therefore we,
to whom no power is delegated, cannot inquire to
to discredit or overrule New Jersey.
But again, sir, continued Mr. C. remembering
still that my appeal is to all who hold this doctrine
of strict construction, let me here demonstrate
what mainly 1 rose to prove. It is this: that by
the power delegated, no judgment can obtain by us
now, or the House hereafter, "of the election,
return and qualification," &c. of any one not ad-
ir itted to be a member. There must be something
in possession purporting to bean "election" or "re-
turn"—some man, professing and acting-, pre-
sumed or taken to be a member amongst you. You
cannot act on nothing—against no one. How can
you judge of "elections" where none appear, or of
"returns" where none exist. As well might you
attempt to take nothing from nothing.
But, in addition to this reason, from the nature of
things, there was a still better reason for a strict
constructionist, found in the Constitution.
Ihe power to judge was by the Constitution (sec.
5,) given "of the elections and returns and qualifi-
caiions of its own members." Here, then, the grant
by strict construction was given to judge concern-
ing one who is a "member"—not only one who is
a member, and so claims to be, but actually is in
his seat exercising his rights. Without this, he is
no member.
Further still: he must likewise be a member in
whom the House claims an interest, an ownership.
He must be the House's "own member." Until
then, and o/any other, you judge without a dele-
gated power.
Do not say that this is unreasonable; not so: it is
just what the compact of union contemplates, to
wit, that each State should be represented.
Of representatives, "members chosen by the peo-
pie of the several States," shall the House be «c&rn-
nosed " So you perceive, without a violation of
principle, assuming the object to be to admit the
Lend five, you can only do it by first recognising
ihe first five.                                         ,       .
Seeing, therefore, that having consented to adopt
a mode now progressing, but interrupted—not to
be changed or d«p rted from but by like consent-
that your professed principles require you to respect
for the time being, what you may think will ulti-
mately be found to be a pretended claim, and that
the Opposition are now occupying ground you
were wont to assume) tjien. in the name of the
peace, good order and dignity of this assemblage;
by the regard you have to the sovereignty of the
States; and the interest you feel for the good of the
country; withdraw far the time being all opposition
to the Jersey members, who, without your admis-
sion or denial, are members, and were so before
they, you, or I, assembled here, and who can only
be ousted by the action of the constituted authority
sitting in judgment on these; "its e«bn members."
Unless, said Mr. C. you shall so consent, there
is but one mode to get out of the difficulty orderly.
That will be to give to the Clerk, by the respective
State delegations, that advice which, as a mass,
cannot be asked of us; then, according to that ad-
vice, let the Clkik withhold one or other set of
credentials.
Mr. STANLY, in a few words, was understood
to appeal to appeal to his friend from "Virginia
[Mr. Wise] to withdraw his resolution.
Mr. WISE said he would comply with the re-
quest of his friend from North Carolina. Con-
siderable opposition had been made to the resolu-
tion, and if it c,ould only pass by .general consent,
it must share the fate of all the other propositions
that had been made, and be lost. Mr. W. said he
still adhered to the position he assumed yesterday,
that neither was the Clerk the judge of the Repre-
sentatives from New Jersey, nor was the House.
The tribunal was in New Jersey alone. He agreed
with the gentleman from Georgia, whose remarks
struck him with much force, that they must either
agree to let the gentlemen from New Jersey take
their seats, or agree on some [mode of ejecting
them. Yesterday, said Mr. W. addressing the
CleIik, I appealed to you, sir, to recede from your
decision, but you have satisfied me that you could
not have taken any other coarse) and that had you
not, when in calling the roll you came to New
Jersey, referred the case to the House, some
member would have objected to your proceeding
with the call of that State, and thus we should
have been in the same positioh we now are. Í
intended to appeal to you yesterday, and ask you if
you would establish a precedent which would re-
sult in an appeal to physical force, a rrsort to
which all of us would revolt from. But for refer-
ring this matter to the House as you have done,
you have satisfied me that it was impossible for
you to avoid it.
In reference to the resolution he had submitted,
Mr. W. said that if he could consent to call wit-
nesses in relation to his conduct on that floor, there
were witnesses enough present who well knew
how the resolution originated, and that it was far
from him to intend to accomplish any party trick,
but that his purpose was to carry it out in good
faith. Ho was now willing to compromise the
matter, and would take the pledge of any gentleman
of the other party—the rest of that party, by their
silence, acquiescing in it—that no advantage should
be taken of him and his friends, by organizing the
House before settling the question as to who should
have the seats for New Jersey, and would then
agree that the Clerk should go on calling the roll
of undisputed members, till a quorum was formed.
His resolution, however, was between Scylla and
Charybdis. His honorable colleague [Mr. Craig]
was for going into the merits of the election. Now
he protested against going behind the certificates of
the Governor of New Jersey, and gave various
reasons why it could not be done before the election
ot a Sprier. Gentlemen on the other side said
that they wouj,j not t>e Doun(j by mere te,.^.^.
lies, it was a common habit of some minds to de-
ride technicalities; but truth could not be arrived at
without them. What was law, but technicality?
Admit that yon can go behind the certificates.   I
ask, said Mr. W. if it must not be done by legal
evidence? And if you have the evidence, that is le-
gal It was absurd to say that the people of New
Jersey have determined against the five gentlemen
who have the commission of the Governor, unless
yon can bring legal evidence to prove it. It was
absurd to say that the people had determined in
one way or the other, unless you take their will, as
expressed by their constituted authorities.
If he was not considered by many present to be
a blind partisan, he would appeal to gentlemen on
the other side earnestly and affectionately, as the
gentleman from Georgia did, to pause and reflect
on the position In which they were placed. He
would beg of them, by every consideration of pa-
triotism, Of good feeling, of magnanimity, and
even ef convenience, that they would suffer the
call of the roll to go on, without excluding the gen-
tlemen from New Jersey who had the usual and
regular commissions, and complete the organiza-
tion of the House, so as to proceed to the despatch
of the public business.
Some gentlemen had told him that if his resolu-
tion should be adopted, they must go into the merits
ol the elections from New Jersey; and it also had
been suggested that the resolution might be re-
pealed, and not carried out in good faith. His
friends appealed to him to withdraw it, and thus
pressed on both sides, he felt it necessary to with-
draw it.
Before he sat down, he must read, for the infor-
mation of the House, a precedent which he found
in a newspaper, bearing directly on the case before
them, and in which the present President of the
United States supported the position occupied by
him and his lriends. Mr. W. here read a case of
a contested election decided ifi. the Legislature of
New York in the year 1814.
Mr. HUNT made a few observations in rela-
tion to the resolution made by him. The discus-
sion on this sribject, he said, bad been exhausted,
and yet, judging from the past, they were as far
from settling the difficulty as ever. Without en-
tering into any argument, he would put it to gen-
tlemen, whether it was not their duty to devise
some*mode by which the organization of the House
could be effected—some means by which no one
party should have an advantage over the other;
aad he would senoasly submit it to gentlemen
whether every consideration of patriotism, of good
feeling, and of expediency, did not require them
to pursue this course.
We are all, said he, desirous of getting out of
this difficulty, and he knew no means ef accom-
plishing this object, more effectual than the reso-
lution he had submitted. If any gentleman would
offer a proposition more agreeable to the House,
and better calculated to effect the object in view,
he would give it his cordial support. But, as he
thought his 'proposition was the fairest for all par-
ties that could be offered, he hoped the House
would accede to it. Mr. H. then proceeded to
give his resolution in detail, and concluded by ex-
pressing his belief that it would relieve the Clerk
of the House from all embarrassment, and enable
them to organize, and proceede to the despatch of
the public business, without giving either party
the advantage over the other.
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose, and made a few sug-
gestions, which he hoped would enable the House
to get out of the difficulty in which it was involved.
He would advert to a clause in the Constitution,
which bore directly on that matter. In the nr¡>t
place, it was there provided, that a majority of
members shall constitute a quorum for the trans-
action of business; and, secondly, that a less num-
ber than a quorum should have the power to ad-
journ from day to day, and to compel the attend-
ance of absent members. The first thing, then,
they had to do, was to ascertain if a quorum was
present; this was usually done by the Clerk call-
ing over the names of members; and when he
called the name of a member, and no one objected,
there was a tacit acknowledgment by the House
that he wag a member. The Clerk thus going
on with his call, and no one objecting, as in
ordinary cases, a quorum was formed, com-
petent for the transaction of business. Now, how
did their present condition vary from this state of
\
