CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE--Extra.
26nt Cong.........1st Sess.
WKDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1339.
Volume 8.........No. 2.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE SI PER SESSION.
We can furnish complete setts of the Congressional Globe for the present Session,  to all
whose subscriptions shall be received by «is before the llth January,  IS40.
(Continued fiom Ao. 1.)
the en-*? Tne Clirk went on calling the ro!!
until he got to the State of New Jersey, and then
t'ie stumbling-block was put in the way by him-
self. Why did he Mop when he came to the State
of New Jersej? why did he refer this matter to the
House? The Clerk here «'as clearly wrong; he
had m nsht to take th1 coarse he did. In the
rase of Moore and Letcher, the Clerk called the
name of Moore, and the obj*c'ion was raised by a
member cf the Hou^e; an objection which any
member had a right to make, but which the Clerk
had no*. In the cases of Ghol'on and Claiborne,
and of Allen cf Ken'ucky, the objections were aKo
raided by a member of ihe House, and not by the
Clerk. The Clerk, therefore, had departed as
veil from the usage of Ihe House as from the pre-
cedents estab'ished in several similar cases. One
means of getting out of the difficulty in which they
were involved, had been recommended by the gen-
tleman frttn Virginia; and that was, going on with
calling the i.ames of members whose Tight to seats
was undisputed, until a quorum was formed.
This course he at present approved of, though he
admitted some o'her f roposit.on might be made
that would meet wnh moro genera! favor. In ihe
hope that «orne such proposition would be made,
he would suggest an a ij'iurnment, in ord-r that
gentVmenm'ght think over the matter, and be pie-
pared by the morning to ad .pt some course lhat
would enable them to go on wuh the organization
of the House.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday-, Decembi-r 5, 1839.
The resolutions submitted to th: Senate yester-
day, cotninj up for consideration.
Mr. HUBBARD su?geMed whether there might
not bjsome impropr.ety in adopting resolutions of
inquiry, to wheh responses might be made before
thf Mesase "f the President would be teceived by
the Seniíe. H-- therefore invested to his friend
from Missouri whether it would not be proper to
postpone actmg on them until the reception of the
Message.
Mr. BENTON expressing bis willingness to ac-
quiesce in whatever ourse the Senate thought
proper to lake,
Oa motion of Mr. HUBBARD, they were or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. NORVELL gave notice fh\t, at the earliest
day it would be proper to do so, he would ask
leave to introdaca a bill making appropriations for
the completion of cert>m roads commenced by t!.e
United S>a'es in the Siate of M'clngan.
Mr. FULTON gave notice that, at the earliest
day in which it wo ild be in order to do so, he
would a-'K leave to introduce the followins bills:
J. A b,ll to provide for the defence of the west-
ern borders of the States of Louisiana, Missouri,
ai.d Arkan^*.
2 A lull fe r the relief of sundry citizens of Ar-
kinsas, who lo«t their improvements in conse-
quence of a treaty between the United States and
Choctaw Indian .
3.  A bill miking appropriations to complete
certain military roads in ihe Staif of Arkaasiv.
4.  A bill to seit'e ihe title to certain tracts of
land in the State of Arkansas
5., A bill to authorize the inhabitant of town-
ships eL-ht north, ran?  thirty-two west, in the
State of Ark,-n,as, to enter a section of land in
lieu of the s.xteer.th section in said township, upon
condition that the same is surrendered to the
United States for military purposes,
6. A bill lo revive an act authorizing certain
soldiers in the late war to surrender the   bounty
lands drawn by them, and lo locate others in l.eu
ih?reor, and for other purposes.
7. A b li for the rel.ef of Richard T. Bank', of
the State of Arkansas.
Mr. CLAY of Ala.gave notice that, at the earli-
est diy in wh.ch it would be in order to do so, he
would ask leave to introduce the following bilK:
1.  A bill supplemental to the act, entitled "An
act to grant pre-emp'ion rights to settlers on the
public land-."approved June 22, 1833.
2.  A bill for the benefit of the Selma and Ten-
nessee Rulroad Company.
3.  A bill to grant to the States and incorporated
compares engaged in the construction of roads or
canals the right of way through the public land* of
th>  ÜH:te«i Sutes.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that, at the earliest
day in which it would be in order to do so, he
would ask leave of the Senate to introduce the fol-
lowing bill, v,z:
A bill to repeal the act entitled "An act laying a
duty on imported salt.sranting a bounty on pickled
fish exponed, and allowances to certain vessels em-
ployed in the fisheries," approved July 29, 1813,
and to repeal all acts in continuation or amend-
ment of the same.
On motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, /
Thursday, December 5, I839f.
At 12 o'clock, the Clkrk called thtf Housf to
order, and stated that at the adjournment onye/ter-
day the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Under-
wood] was entitl* d to the floor.            ;
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose to addresi the Éouse,
but gave way to                                    \       •
Mr. HUNT, who made an explanation|n rela-
tion to the resolution he bad submitted otf yester-
day. Some gentlemen, he said, entertained the
idea that, if it was adopted, no action of tie House
could be had on any other subject than the case of
the New Jersey election. He contemplated no
such ihing by the resolution, as his object was that
the House rhould organize speedily, and go on
with the business whkh had brought them to-
gether.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then rose, and commenced
by saying that when the House adjourned on yes-
terday, he was attempting to arrive at the princi-
pios upon which th' y might proceed and organize
the House, and examining the peculiar situation
in which the House had been placed. Some gen-
tlemen contended that if the Clerk hal called
the names of the five members froji Ntw
Jersey, it would hare settled the cise, and
relieved the House from the difficulty in
which it had been plared. Such, however, was
not the fact in h's view of the case. Suppose the
Clerk had called one of the five members from
New Jersey, and ?ny member on the floor had rose
and objfeted to his taking his seat, we would then be
in precisely the same position in which we are now.
He held tha1 he had the right to object to any one
of th-i member* from that State taking their
seats, and his objiction must be heard, and de-
cided by the House. In the case of Claiborne and
GioW'in, agentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mercer]
objected to their taking their seats, and called for
further testimony in the case, and the House laid
the gentleman's motion on the table.
Mr. U. then submitted tne following proposition:
Trie Clerk of the late House of Representatives,
in calling the roll of members of the Twenty-iixlh
Consress, b'gan at the Stat* of Maine and pro-
ceeded regularly, according to usage, until he
came to the State of New Jersey. He railed
Jo«'.ph F. Randolph, as a member from that State,
snd then -stated in substance, that there were ten
persons besides Mr. Randolph claiming to be Re-
presentatives from the State of New Jersey, and
insisting on their right to take seals as members,
when by law the State was entitled to six Repre-
sentatives only; and lhat he declined calling any of
the claimants, believing it to be his duty not to
decide who were entitled. A debite thereupou
arose, and the members elected have been unable
in the usual manner to recognise each other, to as-
certain whether there was a quorum in attendance,
and to organize ihe House. For the purpose,
therefore, of obviating all further difficulty,
Resolved, That the Clerk of the late House
ought, and he is hereby directed, to proceed ii
calling the r II, and each person called who
answers to his name, and against whom no
objection is urged to his taking a seat, shall be
counted as a member in ascertaining whether
there be a quorum present, and each person
so called, against whom objection may be
made, shall not be counted; but, upon objection
being made, the Clerk ihall pass by the person
objected to and call another. After the roll shall
have been called through, if there be a quorum
present of persons against whom no objectio s have
been raised, such quorum shall proceed to decide
upon the claims of those who have not been called
by the Clerk, or who, if called, have been preter-
mitted in consequence of objections raised against
them, and shall determine which of the claimants
shall participate in the organization of the House;
Provided, however, That nothing herein contained,
and no decision which may be made, admitting
any one to participate in the organization of the
House, shall be construed to bar or preclude the
Home, after it shall have been duly organized,
from inve>tigating, judging, and deciding upon the
election returns and qualifications of each of those
whose right to a seat is questioned, before the
House is organized, and who may be admitted to
participate in the organization of the House by a
decision in pursuance of this resolution.
Mr. U. contendad that this was the only plan
by which this matter ever cou'd be brought to a
conclusion. It had been suggested to him who
should vote on this question. I'i reply to that, he
would «ay that he thought every one who came
ihere claiming ta be a member of the House, might
vote upoB it. The presumption was, when a set of
gentlemen assembled at the «-eat of Government at
the time of the meeting of Congress, as the Repre-
sentatives of the people, that they were entitled to
vote on all pre'iminary questions of organization;
and if they could not do so, it was manifest to him
that this question never could be settled. There
must he some mode by which this question
could be settled, and he knew of none other
than the one he had pointed out. Gentle-
men had iuquired whether we had not the pow-
er to go behind ?the commissions of the Gover-
nor of New Jersey, previous to the organization
of the House. He contended you could not, and
that it would be an outrage on all precedent, law,
and usage, to do so. Gentlemen had asked, will
you not allow fraud to be exposed—will you not
allow us to exhibit a majority of the votes of the
people in favor of political liberty, aad the great
rights of the people? These arguments, however,
appeared to him to be more specious than sound.
He admitted that you could go behind the returns,
but it must be done by organizing a proper tribunal
to try the question; and in order that this tribunal
might be raised, it was essentially necessary that
the Hou^e should first be organized, and the oaths
be administered to members according to the Con-
stitution and laws. Then the case could be brought
up, and evidence might be adduced on both sides.
This was hi; view of the case, but it seemed to be the
opinion of some gentlemen, by their arguments
and by the course they pursued, that you
can   decide   the case  without ft*  *  <« P«;
