£4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that they were not members of this House,
and thus defeat the enjoyment of this high
privilege. Bui this was not all. Not only did
the character of member of this House confer
high privileges, but it also created diNabilitipp.
Another clause of the Constitution provded that
"no Representative shall, during the time for
which he was elected, be appointed to any civil
office under the authority of the United States,
which shall have been created, or the emoluments
whereof shall have been increased during such
time." The decision of the Chair would deter-
mine whether this disability was, or was not,
created; and here was another feature of interest.
View it in whatever aspect you please, and you
perceive, in the breast of the Gotwrnor's members,
a direct interest in the event of this question—an
interest coming not only within the spirit, but the
letter of the rule. He could have hoped that deli-
cacy wou'd have been a motive strong enough to
have prevented these gentl raen from voting. The
force of this sentiment, however, depended so
much upon the anxieties, the temperament, the pas-
sions, and prejudices of wen, that it was not always
safe to calculate upon its restraining efficacy. He
had not the most sa'isfactory pledge that it would
be a very potent sentiment in this case.
Mr. BIDDLE said that an effort had been made,
«ay after day, to fix upon the Opposi.ion the odii:m
of the delay which had attended the organization
of the House.   Don biles* there woo Id be a heavy
responsibility before the people on   thise to whom
the delay could be fairly attr.buted.    Hire had
been a mass of men, called to a high trust, snug-
gling to take a form appropriate lo legislative ac-
tion, without a presiding officer authorized to en-
force order,  and,  indeed,  without any established
rules of order to be enforced.    We had bren pre-
served from disreputable scenes only by the general
sense of what was due to the character of the
country, and   by  the spirit of   forbearance and
courtesy which he was happy to see had been
brought here from all quarters.   The events of yes-
terday, Mr. B. thought, would sufficiently relieve
his political friends from the reproaches which had
been so perseveringly cast upon them.   The diffi-
culty into which we had been thrown by the Clerk,
or his advisers, by bis unprecedented course, and
the dogged adherence to that   course, was,   at
length, overcome, Mr. Chairaun, by your appoint-
ment.   This step was taken and justified by the
instinct of self-preservation.   We were about to
die of an abstraction.    We have been  re<<cued
from this danger.    The first manly  movement
proved that the fetters of steel supposed to be
around us were mere cobwebs.
Standing, then, at the very point which we occu-
pied on Monday, at noon, Mr. B. said he was anx-
ious that the eye of the country should be kept
steadily fixed on every step of our progress.
At the first moment after we asserted the power
of action, by placing you in the Chair, a motion
was submitted which required the acting Clerk to
call the names of all whose credentials "conformed
to the laws of their respective States. This mo-
tion brought np distinctly the question, whether we
should adhere to established and unbroken usage.
It proposed to do what the CLiak should h¿ve
done originally, and what he had always done
heretofore. It assumed the principle that the cre-
dentials referred to constituted per se aright on the
part of a Representative of the people to take a
place amongst those who could themselves pretend
to no higher badge of authenticity; and that, at
this stage of organization, we must, of necessity,
look with deference, and not in a spirit of sharp
criticism, to that ostensible right which all brought
here alike.                                                           "
The gentleman   from   South  Carolina   [Mr.
Rhett] has moved to lay this resolution on the
table with a view to introduce again some one of
the various schemes that have led us a chase for I
four entire days. If Mr. B. understood him aright   !
he intended to move that the "disputed members'' ''
should be passed over and a quorum be formed
without them.
Tnis project was sabstantially the same as that <
offered on the fijst day of the session by a gentle- |
man from Virginia, [Mr. Rivgs.]   It had fixed his I
(Mr. B.'s) attention at th« time as one of engross-
ing interest, and peluninary in its charactn; and
he had endeavored to claim for it the attention and
decision of the House. But, amidst the medley of
t.mic^ which were thrown into the debate, in the
absence of all rules of order, it had been lost sight
of, or only reappeared occasionally when pure wea-
riness of a desultory and seemingly endless debate
led to an impatience for something like method,
and an eager desire to escape by any avi nue from
the labyrinth in which we were involved.
The project was one which had a ¡-how of plau-
sibility about it, and addressed itself favorab'y to
those who were anxious to get rid of thio unplea-
sant matter as speedily as possible.
But, Mr. Chairman, in our eagcrne s to escape,
we most not leave behind us a precedent fraught
with mischiefs far greater than any temporary
embarrassment. The present posture of a flairs is
one which must recur at the commencement of
every future Congres-s. It i« r.ot a matter wh'ch
passes oft' and terminates in itself. We cannot
escape responsibility to those who come after us.
and to th; country. What we do is for good or
evil hereafter. The sreat outline ff proceeding
now adopted will be looked to by our successors,
when the spirit of compromise-and the pledges ot
forbearance that accompanied it shall have been
forgotten.
In corsidering the merits of this ^chem  , I must
assume that, in practice, the task of deciding upon
and announcing the disputed and undisputed mem-
bers will be exerci-ed by the Clerk, as has been
done at the present session. We are now to take
op and adopt his proscribed list. We have nothing
else before us to indicate a dispute; and the late
j movement did not, as I understand if, proceed on
! the ground of disapprobation of th.s part of his
conduct. What, then, is sabstantially the Wson
to b? drawn from our proceeding-? The Clerk,
having announced the name of one Representative
from New Jersey, withholds the names of the other
five, on the ground that their seits arp contest d.
i Of the nature of the contest we onVally know no-
thing. It is proposed now that we acquiesce in this
proceeding of the Clerk without fuither question,
that he shall proceed with the list, and, whenever
he chooses to say that a depute exists, he is to
drop the whole or a part of any given delegation.
Those who may remain, after this arbitrary and
uncontrolled process of expurgation by the Clerk-,
are to sit in judgment on the rest, taking up ihe
cases seriatim, and excluding from the judicial
function all those who have been ordered by the
Clerk to stand as.de as disputed.
Sir, is not the bare statement of the proposition
enough to show that it cannot be a safe and practi-
cable one? A Clerk, whose own re-elffction de-
pends on the composition of the Hou-e, at a given
moment is made absolute and uncontrolled master
over that composition ! He has only to assert that
the seats of his opponents, or some of tbem, are
disputed, in order to insure a majority of those
who, he know< will vote for him, and Tor a
Speaker of the same paity. It is optional with
these men, when once seated as a quorum, to act as
they please. They have the power; and who can
say that it will not be exercised? I am far from
supposing that any gentleman would be wilfully
perfidious, to the pledge of moderation and forbear-
ance that seems to be loosely passing round
But the very necessity for the.-e pledges '.hews
that the rule cannot work well in practice. It
is our own offspring, and we may be willing to
conceal its deformities; but ths next Congress will
find this on record as the piocess ready pre-
pared to their hands, and iheg will be disen«a°ed
from pledges. The unlimited control mustfof
necessity, be given to the party having an influence
over the Clerk, and ¡hat control may be perpe-
trated m infinitum, because we know that contests
may be started up at an houi's notice. Besides
sir, who has a right to give pledges <m the subject?
Who has a right to place the exercise of his legis-
lative functions at the chance of this lotten ? And
what is the nature of the pledge? That we will m t
elect a Speaker or transact bigness until these dis-
puted cases are settled? Is this the pledge? And
where is it to lead us?   We have eiready heard it ■
announced by gentlemen on this floor, m m«, thing
teims, that they are r.ot "oing to yield to forms and
technicalities—lo the broad seals of Statei, or t''e
certificates of Governors—that they will not le
satisfied without probing this matter ,0 the hot  >m,
and ascertaining whether Governor Pinniigtuu
has practised a fraud on the people of New JtM).
Indeed! And so, .sir, we ;>re p'edgrd to abaudi n
the duties of legislation, to remain here in our re-
spective parts of judges and suitors, as the Clem;
shall arrang  us, until inatemls shall be collected
to pass on the alleged mi ditds of Gov etnor Pen-
nington.
But suppose, Mr. Chairman, there should not be
a quorum of undisputed seats? Nobody knows, at
present, how many seats are deputed. That
knowledge rests exclusively with the Clerk. He
is to say whether I, for example, am to act as a
jud(;e o' er others, o-am 1113s-If to be j-u' upon trial.
E'.'ery one wai's .n breathle s fnxiety to know nw
fate. Asd if any advantagecan l.e drawn from a dis-
pute, will not ot.e be trumped as a maivr of cojise?
The question will be, in each disliicl, t.ct whv
a dispute shi uld bp raised, but why a di-pute should
rot be raised; it will serve to justify a wrangle, a>ut
in high piity times any shallow pretext may be
laid hold of; it will, at )ea>t, provide a set iff to
some dispute on the other side equally frivolous.
No man ever failed at a popular e'ection, without
believing himself very ill used, and he is in a mood
to listen with eagerness to ri*presenta'ions which
tend, at ¡eas.t, to break the first chagrin or disap-
pointment, and soothe the smarting wounds of va-
nity. If, then, a majority of cases be disputed, we
are absolutely at the end of this contrivance—¡h:s
wretched makeshift. You have renounced tnd
brought into discredit the only safe asd practicable
rule. It will, at least, labor under the disadvan-
vantage of having been, during one Congress, de-
cried and ovenubd. Can you expect to hrt it
from displace, and restore it t<> favor, in Ihe face,
not only ufcagnr passions and importúnate inte-
rests, but of your own fatal example?
What was the new code of evidence which gen-
tlemen 'ought to introduce here? The prima facie
positive, under the ?reat seal of a State, in all the
forms of authentication, was sneered it—it was to
go tor nothing; but the p Ina facie negative of a
Clerk's breath was potent enough to di;franchise
a great Commonwf alth! The laws of New Jer-ty
m this subject formed a part of the Constitution of
the United States. Trnt instrument referred to
and adopted the State law?, which thus acquired as
high a sanction as if they had been incorporated
into it in 1787 The oath to support the Constitu-
tion reached to, and comprehended, those laws.
It seems to be conceded that the course proposed
was in defiance of all usage in ourown country, but
an intimation had been thrown out in various quai-
ters'that the practice of the House of Commons lent
a sanct.on to it.
[Mr. B. here appealed to Mr. Thomas, Mr.
Vandekfoel, and Mr. Rhett to know distinctly
it they so contended. Tnese gentlemen were un-
derstood to disclaim any special familiarity wth
the subject, but to have stated their general im-
pression?.]
Mr. B. said he had put the question in all cour-
tesy and respect, with a view to know how far bis
own recollection  was   at variance v ¡th  that of
others,    fie had no doubt that the usage there was
Precisely ihe same as here.   There could be ro
otaer rule that would enable such a body as  the
House of Commons to get to the despatch of busi-
ness,    pnnng the discussi-n, he had sent to the
>braryfor oneofthe popular  Digests, supposing
that a reference to the point might be found.   The
work he held in his hand was of no great authority,
but, perhaps,  best suited the purpose, as likely to
contain only what was  familiar and well   settled
He then read from JacrbV, Liw Dictionary, (-it|e
Parliament:)                                                J' K
"When the right of election is doubtful, and
consequently it „ unwr,ain lhal candldat¿ are
duly cectcd, the rctornir  officer may, and lor his
own safety ought to, make a double return. Bot
tb.s must be done upon th* returninc officer's own
judgment, not upon the agteemenl of th- parties
If two or more sets of electors make each a retara
