CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
as his honorable friend i icnl tr m Virginia [Mr.
Wise] had «¡aid, that h> et league [Mr. Dr m
uooli.] did notack he opinion of the Chur, how
could he [Mr. Wise] have men in his seat, and
repelled with such warmth an 1 indignation the
charge made bv the hirm'de member from New
York, [Mr. Vanderpoel] that the Chairman had
been?uilty of an <<ct olUMiiptt m Sir.it would
have been n-urpaiio i—gro x u-iupaiion—and the
gentleman from New Yor i «a- c nrect in charac-
trnz ng it as sjch. M-. U a tor so nc further re-
marks, withdrew h s mcon
Mr. RHETT rose, and asked fie consent of
the House to make another correction ot the jour-
nal. It was as to the po«erof the Chair in the
place he occupied. This c ncction had now be-
come important, to kn n> «hat mre the power- of
the Chair
Mr. R. here read h s mot,on as fo'lows, and
hoped he wo i!J get die unanimous consent oí the
House to its adoption:
"Mr Rhett moved a re«o'ti ion that Mr. Lfwis
Williams, beirg the rMtst member of the House
of Representatives, be appciniet a Chairman of
thu Houie, to serve unt.l the elec ion of a Speaker.
"Mr. Williams ovj°cung to verve,
"Mr Rhett moved the following resolution:
"Resolved, 1 hat the Hon Jih\ Q.c.\ct Adams
be appointed Chairman of th s House until the
the House be organ,zed by the e'ec'ion of a
Speaker.
"Mr. Rhstt' then put the question to tbe mem-
bers on the adoption of the resolution, and the
same being carried, Mr. Adams tv(1s conducted to
the Chair."
The mo'Ion being read, the qu3 t on was puf,
an I it was carried without a divi>io- .
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, fnm T-¡re^ce, rose
and said, that it i e ge ! mm from Ohio, [Mr.
Dckcav,] who was ertitled tj the fioir, would
allow him to do so, he wished to submit a sug-
gestion to the H >use, that nrght, and he hope J
wonld, terminate the diffisul'ies by which the
Hjusehad been embarrassed 'he pan week—that
he did not propose to subm.t a proposition to take
the place of the resolution now und r considera-
tion, and thereby dep'ne his friend from Ohio of
the privilege of addressing the H>use upen that
question, but to make a bare suggestn n, that would
meet the approbation of both sides of ¡be House.
Mr DUNCAN having yielded the floor,
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded to say that he had
witnessed, with great reg'tt, the course of proceed-
ings since Monday last—that we had become so
much involved in technicalities, and so much em-
barrassed by (he rules and questions of order that
had been made, that he diJ not see any probable
end to the difficulty, unless by some kind of com-
promise—that he was himself sincerely desirous of
settling fairly and jnsi'y 'Hp r ghh of me several
claimants to seats on ih s floor, and he was sure
that the other m mbers pre en' rnd similar feelings
and wishes The American people expected this
at our bands, and he did rot know that eiiher party
had acqu.red any credit in tKe conflict which had
been kept up since Monday morn in  H<* said,
whilst the Chairman was addressing the H usp,
and making some sugges'ions as to the mod*3 in
which it nvght be done, and the manner in wh ch
the House di posed of the vot>* of Michigan, which
was contested in the last Presidential flection, it oc-
curred to him there could be no difficulty, upon
some similar principles, ofadjuMng thp present
controversy to the sa'is action of he Hou e and
the coun'ry. He therefore arose to suggest that if
the House would appo,nt acomrniitee of the pru
dent, discreet, ramie us ríen, si m ■• x or ten men,
an equal number from each side of the H use, and
ad] mrn over until Mi nday, he felt confident that
in ihe mean lime the subject miL.ht be fiilly ex-
amined, and some means suggested by which a'l
our difrtenlties might be avoided. Let eich party
in the H use select from ?mong themselves three
or fire men hav.ng the confidence of their political
friends, dis'ingu shed, as he hoped they would be,
for their wisdom and modera'itn, a d he had no
question lint some more of action would be rgreed
on, by which the objects we all aim at may be ac-
complished, acd justice done to the patties claiming
seats here, and to the people. Unless something of
this sou shouid be agieed to on all sides, he did not
see when this House would be oigamz°d, and ready
to transact the business for which they weiesent
here by the people. Mr. J. said he was not autho-
rised to submit such a proposition to the House,
unless by the general consent of the House.
Mr. PROFFIT called for the previous question
on i he appea'.
Mr. PETRIKIN called the gentleman from In-
diana to i rder.
Tne CHAIR, stated that, as the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr Plncan] was entitled to the floor, the call
for the prev i< us question was not in order.
Mr PROFriT said, then I bow to the decision
of the Chair But Ia-k if I may be allowed to
•answer thesptech of the gentleman from Tennes-
see (Cries of order.) He had no idea that a gen-
tleman, who was one of the principal causes of
the difficulty in which the House was involved,
and whose course, wf'h that of his friends, had
kept them the whole week consuming time in de-
bate, instead of orgamz ng for the despatch of the
public businpss, should he be permitted to come
forward wi h propositions to compromise—
[Several voices were heard calling the gentleman
from Indiana to order ]
Mr. DUNCAN. We have not kept the House
from orgamz ng, nor have we occasioned the de-
bates that have occupied the time of the House for
the past week. All the difficulty in which the
House was involved, and all the debate that had
' ensued, had been caused by those who wished to
force ot> the House as members, persons who, it
was notorious, hal not been e'ee'ed by the people
Mr. PROFFIT [taking bis sea'] ^a d: I «hall yet
have an opj-crtun ty cf taking hold of the gentle-
man and a few others.
Mr. CHINN said that he was perfectly aware
that ho was cut of order in now rising, and there-
fore a-ked the indulgence of the House while he
made a proposition that he thought would meet
the views of a majority cf the gentlemen present.
Mr. C. then read the following:
Resolved, That the Cerk be instructed to pro-
ceed in the call of the members of this House, not
omitting the five members from New Jersey who
hoM the Govtnur's certificate, and proceed thus
until all the n^em^ers are called, after which the
House thus called shall proceed to the election of a
Speaker, and if it should appear that any member
has voted whose srat is contes ed, that then the
House, still acting under the government of its
Chairman, shall proceed to determine the question
as to who shall have the right to the seats thus con-
tested. It being expressly understood that such
decisu n shall not be final, bat only determine who
are entitled to take their seats to assist in the orga-
niza ion of the House.
Mr. CHINN, on being called to order by seve-
ral gentlemen, resumed his seat.
Mr DICKERSON from New Jersey rose, and
appealed to his fnend from Ohio to yield the floor
to him to enable him to make an explanation.
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland insisted on the
rules of the House being preserved; and that if the
gentleman from Oh o yielded his place again, he
should not be permitted himself to decide who was
to speak. These propositions, which were sprung
on them on a sidden, gave n*e to debate that
might be end'es .
Mr DUNCAN observed that he held himself
under no o l'gat.on-s to yield the floor to any gen-
tleman, and certain'y he was under no disposition
to do u for 'he purpesa that the gent'eman from
Mao land supposed—that propositions might be
sprung upon them of a sudden But, sir, (said
Mr. I) ) it has alwa)s been the custom in the
House for gentlemen to yield the floor when it was
a ked for the purpose ot making an explanation.
He had nevtr known that when a member yielded
the floor for surh a purpose that it oeeaMoned the
less of it He was always at liberty to go en; he
lost nothing by this customary act of courtesy and
good feeling, for it never had been Ihe rule of the
House to deprive h'm of the privilege of going on
with his speech. Now, Iij was not in a hurry
about making a speech, he had no desire of hear-
j   tag himself talk, and he would agree never to
[ address the House agatn on that subject if
i a proposition for a compromise could be ac-
cepted. He would agree nevfr to speak ag/in
on this subjeet, rather than that any gentleman
who wished to mak3 an imp; riant explanation,
necessary to elucidate the subjtct, should be pre-
vented irom so doing. He therefore felt bound to
yield the floor to the gentleman fiom New Jersey,
[Mr. Dickfrson ]
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland rose tea point of
order. The gentleman, he said, had not a right lo
yield the floor for the purpose of adjudeing it to
any other gentleman. It he gave it up, the Chur
must designate who was to occupy u.
Mr DICKERSON attempted to address he
Chair, but was prevented from beins; heaid by
loud cries of order' order' from gentlemen of 'he
Oppositit n patly. Much confusion prevailed, and
the noise was kept up so as to prevent Mr. D from
proceeding.
Mr. GRAVES protested against Ihe right of the
gentleman from Ohio to yield Ihe floor, and at the
same designate the peison who was to occupy it
Several voices were heard, caying "the gentle-
man from Ohio is on the floor;" and cries of ordei
continued.
Mr. WISE hoped the Chair would bring the
gentleman to order. I hope, said he, the Chair
will make us all take our seats, and not let us all
talk at a time.
Mr. VANDERPOEL made a few observations,
which were not heard, from the noise and confu-
sion prevailing at the time.
Mr CRAIG submitted to the Chair whether.when
the gentleman from Ohio yielded the floor to the
gentleman from New Jersey, he «as not entitled
lo it; and he submitted lo the gentlemen present,
whether they would not, at least as a matter ot
curtesy, suffer the gentleman from New Jersey to
go on.
Mr. JOHNSCN of Md. again denied the power
of the gentleman from Ohio to yield the floor to
any person he pleased. When the gentleman
yields the floor, he repeated, it is fcr the Chair
alone to decide who is to cccupy it.
Mr. DICKERSON again attempted to address
the Chair, but was again interrupted by leud errs
of "Order! order f" from the gentlemen of the Op-
position, and prevented from proceeding.
Mr. JENIFER then rose and moved "that the
gentleman from New Jersey [Vr. Dickí-rsov]
ha,re permission lo adlre?s the House, not as a
questton of right, but of courtesy  
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he would like to
know the ground on which objection was made to
the gentleman's   ddre sing Ihe House?
Mr GRANGER sa'd he would answer his col-
league. Ha objected to the gentleman's speaking,
because he came here to contest the seats of gentle-
men who had 'he certificates of the Govemor of the
State of New Jersey ihat they were duly elected
the Represen'iMves 'rom lhat Slate
Mr GRAVES made some remarks, which were
not heard,
i      Mi  JENIFER renewed his motion.
'       Mr.  VANDERPOEL  cbjected to the moti< n
He coul 1 not permit  it to  be said lhat  the gentle-
man from New Jersey  addressed the House as a
matter of courtesy.    The gent'eman asked no fa-
vors, but demanded it as a  right; and in fae* 1 c
had as much  right to address the House as ai y
gentleman prcent
Mr. DUNCAN a'*o repelled Ihe idea of the
getjtlen¡an'« addressing the House as a ma ter of
courtesy. The gen'leman, he said, must address
the House as a rr alter of right, and not of courtes<,
or net at all.
Mr. WISE observed that this, ihen.was the be t
form in which they could try the question involved.
If, said he, Mr. Dickersom attem,)'s to address ihe
H )use, I ca 1 for hi^ crcdentnls. As to Mr. Pictf-
erson, I wilt extend t > him as a friend every cour-
tesy, but I only know him here through the h.vv. I
ask him, therefore, to pro luce his c edent al«, and
this will be as good a mode of deciding this ques-
tion as any other.
Mr. JOHNSON rose   to a question   of  order.
The gentleman from Ohio, he   said, must either
i take hi* seat, or progress in his «marks.   He in-
