CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cokq..........1st Sess.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1839.
Volume 8...........No. 5.
BY BLxUR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $ 1   PER SESSION.
[Cmrinue.1 from Xo. 2 ]
returning officers; yes, called upon to do as a cau-
.10a to some future Governor Pennington, or some
clerk Fithian, that they, mere returning officers,
coqU not suppress the voice of the ballot boxes,
and for a moment give seats to mere pretenders on
the ground that the ballot boxes contained votes
that ought never to have been given. Lei it once
go forth that partisan clerks and partisan Gover-
nors can for an instant defeat the voice of the
people, and no gentleman, a candidate for the
honor of a seat here, cou'd have a complete
guarantee that he would be permitted to take
it at the opening of Congress, though elected
by a majority never so large. We should do then
what the Governor and Privy Council ¡should have
done—give the gentlemen the certificate or seats
who, according to the returns and record and troth
before them, ought to have had it; and then, if the
minority candidates want to purge the polls, let
them approach ns by petition; or, at least, tell all
the candidates to stand back until the Hou^e, by a
complete organization, shall acquire facilities to
took into the whole case. The course proposed by
those who supported the pretensions of the Go-
vernor's members, would hold out most dangerous
temptations to these mere ministerial officers to
commit Hands. They could, under most frivolous
pretexts, give to minority candidates certificates,
enable them to aid us in the orgamzatü n of the
House, and, peradventure, to sit with us here, and
exclude the true members for months; for those
gentlemen who had hid any experience of cases
of contested elections, knew how blowly they gene-
rally progressed here. He would then place, at
this stage of our proceedings, all the papers that
went to show what was the popular voice, as txprissed
through lite bMot boxes, and would not now consent
to hear any affidavits that went beyond them. He
had learned that the Governor's members, either to
cover their retreat, or to supply themselves with
the semblance of a pretext for claiming their
seats, had recently taken some testimony un-
der a law lately passed by the Legislature
of New Jersey; that they had sat very quietly
for nearly a year, and then conceived this afirr
thought. He would not, before organ zition, give
them the benefit of this after thought, but would,
for the safety of all future candidates, first purge
the case of the fraud of the mere minisierial and
returning officers. Duty and example required
this.
Much had been sail about the character of
the testimony on the Clerk's table, wbtiher it
was legal testimony. He had heard much here,
not only of the common law, but of evidence
label accordii g to the common law. The com-
mon law was first drawn into the service by his
fneid and colleague, [Mr. Barnard,] who deli-
vered so terse and so clear an argument last
week—as good an argument as could well be
made on the wrong side. Mr. V. asked pardon
for this digression. It was dictated by his heart.
His colleague and he had been classmates in their
boyhood, they had journeyed together through the
delightful classic tale of jEie&s and Anchises,
and it gave him pride and pleasure to w tness ef-
forts from him, here or elsewhere, that were cre-
ditable. Why was the evidence to prove the ac-
tual majority insuffieieni? Was it because it did not
come up to the mark of strict sense, common law
evidence? Was it not enough to satisfy our
consciences'! Did we ever exact moie than this
in the discharge of our legislative duties? A*k
yoor Committees of Claims what evidence they
act upon, what testimony it is, upon which millions
of dollars have been voted away to satisfy claims
on the Government?   They will tell you   that all
that they require is to be convinced, and that th'S
conviction is generally induced by affidavits taken
ex forte, before magistrates, in an extra judicial
form; and for the making of which, no indictment
can be had for perjury.   Do you still doubt where
he truth, and justice of the case, in reference to
the votes actual'y ?t er , lies? Do j ou doubt the
evidence on the Clerk's table? Do you doubt the
answer of the member from New Jersey, [Mr.
Randopu?]
Mr. EVERETT had no objection to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Duncan] having the docu-
ments read, which be had called upon the Clerk
to read, if they were to be published as a part of
his speech, but he contended that they could not be
received as evidence before the House in the cese
now at issue. Let the matter be argued as it
would, the question would come back in the end to
the eert.licate of the Governor of New Jersey, and
if that was In the form lequired bv the laws the
House would be compelled to admit the members
from New Jersey holJin  those certificates. With
regard to the argument of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Vanderpoel,] he looked upon it as an
argument to the peop'e, and contended that the
admissions of the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Randolph] cuiitd have no weight upon the
House in coming to a decision. The positions of
the gentleman from New York with regard lo the
members claiming seats, having a mai*:r.iy of ths
votes of the people, were groundless.
Mr. VANDERPOEL staled that his position
was that the county clerk and Governor were mere
returned officers who had no right to go behind the
certifijat'"?.
Mr. EVERETT held that the returning officer
to this House, under the laws oí New Jersey, was
the Governor of the State, and his certificate was
only to be set aside by the House after it was or
ganized, and if gentlemen attempted to pursue the
course indicated on this floor, they would overleap
the barrier^ of the laws, and introduce a precedent
which would lead to consequences which ought to be
dreaded by all the friends ofiiberty throughout the
country. Mr. E. pursued his argument at some
length, but in so low a tone of votce that it was im-
po<sib'e for the Reporter to follow him.
Mr. W. C JOHNSON of Maryland next ob-
tained the floor, when
Mr. BLACK of Georgia rose, and stated that
his colleague had been anx^us to obtain the floor,
and he thought it but right that he should now fee
heard in preference to gentlemen who had spoken
three or four  imes.
Loud cries of "Order, order, order!" were heard
in various parts of the hall.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON stated that he had not
spoken on the question before the Chair at present;
and if the Chair decided that he was entitled to the
floor, he'eertainly would not yield it.
The CHAIR decided that the gentleman from
Maryland was entitled to the floor.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON said he had predicted on
the first day of the session, that the first step which
would be taken contrary to the iesular course of
proceeding*, would lead us into endless difficulties
and confusion; and when we should be extricated
from those d fficnlties, must be answered by those
who had placed the House in this awkward posi-
tion. He contended that the majority of the House
had taken this course for sinister and party pur-
poses, and they f-hould be held responsible to the
rountry for it. The Clerk of the Home had
been made a supple tool of party, and by his
course ho had arres'ed the whole business of the
House, and with it the whole operations rf the Go-
vern meni; and the people would hold the Clerk and
his friends responsible foi this course of con-
duct. He contended that it was a upeless was'e
of the ume of the House to have the Clerk read-
ing crriifientes, which the House itself could not
act upon; for he held that they had no authority
axd no power to act upon th*  case unt 1 the House
was regularly organized, and the oath of office had
been administered to the members of the House.
With regard to the argument that the New Jersey
members might vote on preliminary questions, and
not upon the election of a Speaker, he considered
it enurely groundless. They were either members
or not members, because we could have no quasi
members in the House. If they have the proper
credentials, and he contended they had, they were
entitled to the same rights and privileges of any
other members. He would stand by the uniform
usages in cases of this kind; and, so far as he was
concerned, he would never depart from them. He
would never |consent to any compromise of the
question, because he believed the members from
New Jersey to be entitled to their seats, upon the
evidence which they had produced, and we had
no right to go behind that evidence at the present
time.
Mr. COLQJJITT thought gentlemen had
spent lime enough there in debate to effect party
purposes, and suggested that the belter course for
those gentlemen who yet desired to speak, would
be to spread before the world their views through
other channels. With regaid to the tetllement ot
the main question at issue, he thought the House
entirely unfitted to settle it until after its organiza-
tion, and contended that it would just be as com-
petent for a judge who had been elected by the pee- 
p!e to take evidence and decide upon a case before;
he had taken the oath of office, as it would be for
this House to decide upon the New Jersey case be-
fore it had organized, aud before the members bad
taken the oath of office. The House might go on,
and hear evidence, and debate unon it, for a week
or a month; but it all amounted to nothing, because
it was not compel  nt to decide upon the question:
at the present time. We might hear testimony,
and make up our opinions with regard to it, but
we had no more power to decide upon it than the
judge would have to decide in the case which he
had just referred to. We have no judicial power
to decide questions, and can have none until
we are regularly installed into office; and
was useless for gentlemen to be presenting tes-
timeny to the House • at the present time.
He wished to pursue that course pointed out by
the Constitution and the laws, and called upon
gentlemen not to set precedents which might break
down all the barriers of the Constitution. The
Constitution and the laws were the protection of
the minority, and he begged of gentlemen in the
majority, when they attempted to overstep their
bounds, to reflect that they themselves may one
day be in the minority, and they will then look to
them as their only protection. He looked upon
those persons who held the certificates under the
laws of New Jersey, as entitled to all the rights
and privileges of members of this House, until
their case was decided upon in a legal and consti-
tutional manner. With regard to the testimony
which had been lead from the Clerk's table, it
seemed to^be altogether ex parte; and if this
House permitted a member to be .deprived of
any of his rights upon ex parte testimony, it
will be in the power of persons who may
desire to do so, to defeat the organization of
the House at any of its sessions. It was an
easy matter at any time to get up ex parte state-
ments, and it seemed to him to be a most extraor-
dinary proposition to attempt to deprive members
of their rights upon such testimony as tins. It had
been contended by some gentlemen ihst ihe power
to examine into this question at the present time
was a power incident to otganiiation; but he held
that we had no power, previous to organization, to
examine testimony and decide upoi a case of this
kind. That could only be done after the House
was organized, and after the members had taken
the official oath; then they would be competent to
decide judicially, and not till then.
Mr. NISBET of Georgia addressed the House
at some length, in opposition to the reading of the
documents. Mr. N. defined his position as a State
Rights man, and declared that as such he must go
for ihose gentlemen taking their seats «ho hold
certificates, in conformity with the laws of New
Jersey, which he considered paramount here on
the question involved. He considered that the
House, in its present incomplete state of organiza-
tion, had the power of comparing the evidence ad-
