34
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
duced by the contending claimants, and of deciding
which possessed the prima facie evidence; but the
House could not, in his opinion, until after ns or-
ganization, go behind the returns and purge the
polls, to ascertain who had a majority of the popu-
lar vote. Congress had now only the parliamen-
tary powers necessary for its organization. Mr.
N. gave it as his opinion that the New Jersey mem-
bsrs had not the power of voting, till their right
to the seats they claimed was decided in their favor.
In this opinion, he considered himself sustained by
parliamentary law, and parliamentary usage, and
in support of it, he referred to the resolution intro-
duced last winter by the Chair. While he believed
that it was the duty of the House to enforce the
laws and Constitution of New Jersey, he, at the
same time, believed that the New Jersey members
should not vote until.ihese laws were enforced.
Mr. BLACK of Georgia begged leave to occupy
the attention of the House for a short time. Be-
fore he proceeded, he owed, he said, an apology to
the House, and particularly to the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] for the manner in which
he, for the first time, presented himself to its notice.
He meant no disrespect to any body here. He
only claimed the right of himself and his col-
leagues to be heard, when other gentlemen were
wandering from the incidental question before
them, speaking on the merits of the main question.
He only meant to go so far as to say that any gen-
tleman who spoke on the question might be mista-
ken; and he would leave it to the House, if all the
gentlemen who spoke last, had not gone into the
merits of the main question—-and hejwould ask,
further, if he was wrong in desiring that the State
of Georgia should be heard.
He desired, at this time, to exhibit the position
in which, as a member from the State of Georgia, he
stood on that floor. It was true that his credentials
had not been read; it was true that there was no
man here from Georgia contesting his right to his
seat; but he did not know how soon it might be con-
tested, if the precedent gentlemen sought to introduce
should be established.
He understood the question   then  before   the
House to be whether 'the gentleman from Ohio
should be, permitted to go on with his evidence.   If
that was the question he was prepared to meet it.
Laying all other matters aside, and stripping it of
all disguise, he was prepared to answer distinctly to
this body in the negative.   Shall we (said Mr. B.)
hearevidence on the one side or the other before we
are constitutionally capable of acting en if}   Will
you hear the merits of the case, before you are in a
condition to decide upon it?   This was a question
of high concern to the country—a question which
involved the constitutional rights of the States, and
citizens of Slates; and it was propounded, to whom?
To an assemblage of citizens merely—to men who,
though they may hereafter be Representatives in
the Congress of the United States, have not only
not been sworn in as such, but have not even pre-
sented the prima facie evidence of their right to be
here.   Admitting, said Mr. B. that there were Re-
presentatives, who knows the fact, but those gen-
tlemen themselves who have their credentials in
their pockets?   Admit that we have no other con-
test but that in regard to the seats of the members
from New Jersey.   I put it to your wisdom, sir,
whether we are organized, in accordance with the
Constitution and the law, and whether we cai^take
cognisance of any matter, either in our legislative
or judicial capicity, until we are so?   If we are to
arrive at that point of our legislative existence, at
which our powers as members of the General
Government begin, we must take the only practi-
cal course, and that is the usual and ordinary one
heretofore pursued by this House.    The only way
is for the Clerk to call the roll of the members of
the House, beginning if he pleases with the State of
Maine, and going on in geographical order, until
the whole roll is completed; then the members must
be sworn.   There is no oiher power that can settle  ;
this, question but the House of Representatives; and
the Constitution gives   it to that House alone.
What is a House of Representatives, in'the mean 
ingof the Constiution?   Memberschosen every two
years by the citizens of the States?   No—you must
go farther; you must have a majority, and the
members must take the oath to support the Con-
stitution, and then procesa to organize the body be-
fore it can be called a House of Representatives.
We have been here seven days, wasting the
time and money of the nation, and have not ar-
rived at|the only material point—that of organiza-
tion. All the debate that has hitherto occurred,
was idle and unprofitable. He himself was now
speaking by the mere courtesy of the House, and
until, said he, we arrive at the point of organiza-
tion, all our talk will be mere talk. la order that
we may arrive at that point, permit me to address
myself to the majority. It is said that one of the
political parties of the day has a majority on this
floor; if that be the truth, the whole responsibility
for the waste of time and waste of money of the
nation will rest upon them. Go on, therefore, I
beseech you, gentlemen of the majority, to organize
this body—to put it in such a state of constitu-
tional existence as will enable it to decide upon
the questions thus prematurely put before it.
I call upon that majority to reflect what may be the
opinion entertained of them if they exclude these
five New Jersey members from the fear that if they
are admittedthey may not be able to elect a
Speaker of their party. Go on then gentlemen to
organize—admit these men to their seats; and if
an Opposition Speaker is elected by their votes, the
election may be undone to-morrow. Mr. B. said
he had as yet only spoken on the preliminary ques-
tion, and what might be his opinions, and what his
votes, in regard to the ultimate right of the claim-
ants to the seats from New Jersey, he was pre-
pared when that question should come properly
before them to do what law and justice re-
quired. After the House should be or-
ganized, he was willing to open that case—
he would be willing to hear the evidence,
and to decide who are the rightful Representatives
from the State of New Jersey. He would be wil-
ling to examine the facts as to who had the majo-
rity of the popular vote, and to accord the seats to
hose who should be found to have it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD believed that the question
before the House was, whether the papers the gen-
tleman from Ohio proposed to have read as a part
of his speech, should  be  read or not.   He was
against the reading of them, as well as against the
reading of the papers which his worthy colleague
wished to have read as counteracting testimony,
and his objections were founded on the simple
reason that there was no tribunal as yet con-
stituted    to   decide   en   them.     It   seemed  to
him that   this   discussion  had  been   carried too
far.    The gentleman with  whom he acted had
acted throughout from principle. We have shown,
said he, that if you refuse to give the contested
seats to those who hold the regular commissions,
,  you are out at sea without chart of compass.   The
House could not, until organized, go  behind the
1  regular commissions of the State of New Jersey.
j At present, however, the whole and sole question
; should be,   How shall we proceed to an organiza-
tion of the body?   On  this subject   be wished to
make a few remarks before he moved the previous
question, (which he should presently do,) and he
wished to suggest some mode of action after he did
call for it.    He trusted that he held in his hand
a resolution which would relieve the House from
every difliculty, an d which he also trusted would
meet the approbation of a majority of those present.
He did not pretend to say that his plan was the best
that could be offered; but he would cheerfully sur-
render it to any better.   We have already, said he,
expended twenty thousand dollars oí the people's
money to no purpose, while we have been con-
suming time in useless debate; and what is worse
we have stood in the way o{ the interests of the
public, by preventing the annual message of the
President, on the condition of the country, from !
going before them.    Let us, then, said he, no <
longer waste time in discassion, but proceed at
once to the organization of the Housp, for the
despatch of the  public business.   My plan, then
said Mr. U. is to move the previous question on
all questions before the House, and then to submit
'^resolution I hold in my hand to the following
effect: The Clerk shall again commence calling the
roil of members, beginning with the Slate of Maine
and going on geographically through each State,
until he comes to a name that shall be objected
to; and when that is the case he shall pass over
that name, and proceed to call all the rest, passing
over such as are objected to. He did not care
whether the Clerk, when he came to New Jersey,
called the names of Mr. Aycrioo and his asso-
ciates, or Mr. DrcKERSow and his associates. The
effect would be the same, as he was to pass over
ail the names to which objection should be made.
The Clerk, then, wjuld go on calling the roll until
he called the names of all the members whose
seats were not contested, and when a quorum was
thus formed, it should then decide upon the creden-
tials of all those whose seats were contested. After
that, said Mr. U. we shall then go on to elect a
Speaker, when some member present, having ad-
ministered the oath to him, he will administer it to
all the rest, and we shall then be an orjranized body,
competent to the transaction of the public business.
Mr. U. concluded by moving the previous questiou
on the reading of the documentary testimony called
for by Mr. Dcncan.
The demand for the previous question was se-
conded by ihe House, and the main question was
ordered to be put.
The main question was then taken by tellers
Messrs. Francis Thomas and Tillinghast acting
as such.
Which main question was, whether the gentle-
man from Ohio should be permitted to read the
documentary testimony.
Which question was decided in the affirmative,
ayes 106, nays 101.
The CLERK then proceeded to read the testi-
mony, and having commenced the reading of the
proceedings of the Privy Council on the Millville
and South Amboy polls,
Mr. PROFFIT objected to the further reading,
and asked if the paper now being read was not
brought and placed on file in the Clerk's office on
Saturday last. He saw it himself handed to
the Clerk on Saturday last by one of the gentle-
men from New Jersey. He objected to its reading
and move'i that it be thrown under Ihe table.
Mr. DUNCAN hoped the Chairman would
order Ihe reading to go on without interruption.
The CHAIR said the decision of the House, just
made, allowed the gentleman to read all the docu-
ments on file.
The Clerk then went on with
documents until he finished; when-
Mr. DUNCAN observed that he felt as anxious
a desire to organize the House, and place them-
selves in a condition to transact the public busi-
niness as any member on that floor. He heard
the suggestions of ihe gentleman from Kentucky,
and was pleased with them; and if assured that
these resolutions ceuld be adopted without giving
rise to a long debate, he «ouldyield his right to
the floor to allow them to bs offered Without
some such understanding, however, he would not
yield the floor.
Mr. MERCER observed that the gentleman had
no right to make such compromise with the House.
He, for his part, could not agree to it; and further,
he did not intend to vote for the resolutions of the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. DUNCAN.   Then I withdraw my offer.
After which, Mr. D. gave way for a motion
for adjournment, which was moved and carried;
The House then adjourned till to-morrow, at
12 o'clock.
IN SENATE,
Tuesdav, December 10, 1839.
Mr. ALLEN, from the committee appointed to
wait upon the President, reported that they had
performed that duty; and the President informed
them that he had communications of an Executive
character to make.
Mr. LINN gave notice that, at the earliest day
in which it would be in order to do so, he would
ask leave to bring in a bill for the occupation of
the Oregon Territory.
A message was received from (the President of
the United States.
The Senate went into Executive business,
And then adjourned.
the reading of the
