CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                               37
New Jersey does not change the result, let the de-
cision of the House be pronounced without raising
these preliminary questions of abstract right which
serve but little practical purpose. This course had
been suggested by the Chair some days ago as the
properceurse to bs pursued, and he hoped the House
would take up this suggestion and act upon it now.
In urging this couise upon the House, he would i
state that his sole object was to bring the House to
action and avoid those difficulties in which the
House had been long involved, to the injury of the
pnblic service, and at the risk of its own dignity
and capacity for future usefulness.
Mr. WISE would suggest a course by which the  '
House might ariive at a speedy termination of this
question.    Let the gentleman   from   Maryland
withdraw his proposition.   Let the gentleman from  '!
North Carolina withdraw his resolution, and let   ¡
the gentleman from South Carolina withdraw the  .
motion to lay the resolution, submitted by him,
[Mr.   Wise]  on   the    table.      Then    let    the  ¡,
Clerk  go   on   and  call   the   roll,   calling  the
members  from  New Jersey, who had presented  | j
the  legal formal  certificates,  according   to   the   !|
Constitution    and    the  laws  of   New    Jersey,  ij
Then   we  will be prepared to vote; and when we    i
come to vote upon any question, if the votes of   I
the New Jersey members will not change the re-
sult, nothing need bs said about their voting; but if
it does, then the tellers can report the fact to the
House, and the House can then act upon the
question.    He thought this would be the most
satisfactory mode of getting over all difficulty in
relation to this question,   and   hoped gentlemen
would cease pursuing shadows, and unite "upon
some practical proposition of this kind.
Mr. McKAY, after a few remarks, which, in
consequence of the noise and disorder prevailing,
with repeated calls to order, were not heard, said
that he had before expressed the opinion, which he
repeated, that neither party should be permitted to
vote. The question has been submitted to the
Chair, but the Chair refused to put it, until it
should be decided by the House who should vote
as members from the State of New Jersey. The
House had already decided that the five New
Jersey gentlemen who held the certificates of the
Governor should not vote, and the Chair refuses
now to put any question to the House, for the
reason that it must first decide who are to vote as j
members from New Jersey, while there is no pro-
position to decide that point, either in an affirmative
or negative before the House. This he considered
to be a monstrous assumption of authority by the
Chair. The House has decided that five of the
claimants shall not vote, and a member
then submits a motion that the other five
also shall bs prevented from voting until the con-
troversy is decided. The Chairman then declares
that, while he occupies that chair, he never would
permit a sovereign State to be disfranchised, by
prohibiting her Representatives from voting on any
qu stion before that House; and therefore he de-
clares that he would not pot the question. Did not
the Chairman himself, at the last session, submit a
resolution to the House, that no member whose
seat was contested should be entitled to vote upon
any question before the House, until his right to a
seat should be first investigated and decided upon?
Now if it was constitutional for the Chairman him-
self to present that resolution as a member of the
House of Representatives, was it not constitutional
for him, as a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, to offer asimilar proposition? If, how-
ever, the House was willing to proceed at once to a
vote, he would be willing to withdraw his proposi-
tion.
Mr. CRAIG asked if the House was now about
to decide the right to seats of the members from
New Jersey? He asked, in the language of the
eloquent gentleman from Georgia, who addressed
them the other day, how was the House to enforce
its edicts? Under the difficulty they were involved
in the other day, the Clerk deciding that he could
not put a question, a Chairman was appointed,
who would have the power to put questions. Now,
what did the Chaib, tell this House just now? "As
long as I occupy this chair, I will not suffer a
«oYWign Sun to be disfranchised by excluding
the rotes of hir members on any question before
the House." Sir, said Mr. C. we can never get
along unless we attack difficulties one at a time.
The first difficulty was that produced by the Chair
itself in declaring that he would not put a question;
his refusal to register the edicts of the House. The
House had determined that the members who
presented the certificates of the Governor of
New Jersey shall not be permitted to vote. Let
us, then, (said Mr. C.) dismiss all quibbles; let us
feel and act as men, and consider this tantamount
to a decision that neither party shall vote until the
controversy is settled. [So much noise and confu-
sion prevailed while Mr. Craig was speaking, that
the Reporter heard him very imperfectly; and, in
the concluding part of his remarks, his voice was
completely drowned by the cries of "order, order!"
"go on, go on!" &t]
Mr. RHETT, in reply to some words from Mr.
Wise, not heard, declined to withdraw his motion
to lay that gentleman's resolution on the table.
The question, he said, to decide the fate of that re-
solution, could as well be taken on the motion to
lay it on the table as in any other way.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland then said he re-
fused to withdraw his motion; whereupon,
Mr. WISE moved the previous question on it.
Mr. RHETT then asked if that resolution of
Mr. Johnson was before the House.
The CHAIR answered, that no question conld
be before the House, until it should decide who
should vote as members from the State of New
Jersey.
Mr. RHETT stated the question as he under-
stood it. It first arose on his (Mr. R's) motion to
lay the resolution of the gentleman from "Virginia
[Mr. Wise] on the table; next on the resolution of
the gentleman from Maryland, as a substitute; and
I! then came the decision of the Chair, that no ques-
tion could be put until the Honse decides who shall
vote as members from New Jersey. Now he
moved to lay the question raised by the Chair on
the table.
Mr. WISE informed the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Rhett] that no motion could be put
on that question until the preliminary one of who
was entitled to vote should be first decided.
Mr. SLADE desired to know the question that
was before the House.
The CHAIR said that the main question was
j  for the meeting to determine who was entitled to
!  vote from ibe State of New Jersey.   The House
j having determined.by reversing the decision of the
j  Chair, that the members, holding the certificates of
the Governor of New   Jersey, should not vote, it
was now necessary that the meeting should say who
was entitled to vote, inasmuch is they would not
deprive a sovereign State of its representation on
this floor.
Mr. SLADE understood the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] had offered a proposi-
tion here, which he was disposed to keep before
the House, unless the gentleman from South Caro-
lina would withdraw his motion to lay the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise]
on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland said he would
modify his resolution by withdrawing the second
clause of it.   The first clause contained a distinct
i  proposition, and the House, by taking the question
I  on it, would come  to a direct vote on the princi*
pie involved.
Mr. SLADE then rose and  made some   re-
j  marks, which will be reported in full hereafter.
Mr. GRAHAM of North Carolina rose to a
question of order, several members trying to obtain
the floor, and speaking at the same time.
•> The CHAIR again stated the question.   The
House must first decide who shall vote as members
of New Jersey, and then the question on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Sooth Carolina could
be put.   The Chair would, however, suggest a
substitute for his decision, which he would adopt,
if it met with the concurrence of the House.   This
was, the course of procedure he suggesteaon Satur-
day last, and which had been already adopted on
taking two or three questions; that is, the Chair
would put the question, and the tellers would, on
efQDting the vote , report tht mult «0 the How,
and whether any of the members whose seats were
contested voted on the same, and should it be
found any such voting would change the result, it
would be for the House to determine whether such
votes should be counted.
Mr. BLACK asked ihe CLERk to read ths reso-
lution, and it was read as follows:
Rtsolttd, That the acting ClerU be directed to
call the members of the House, including, in such
call, the members from New Jersey, who have the
certificates of the Governor of that State that they
are elected as Representatives of the Twenty-sixth
Congress.
Mr. SLADE rose and contended for his right to
go on with his remarks.
The CHAIR said that the question was, who
should vote from the State of New Jersey.
Mr. WISE. The question is on the motion of
the gentleman from South Carolina to lay my pro-
position on the table; and therefore, the gentleman
from Vermont was speaking out of order. We
are come now, said Mr. W. to the direct question,
and he beeed gentlemen to let it be taken.
The CHAIR did not consider the gentleman
from Vermont to be out of order. The reasons
assigned by the Chair, for his decision, were not
heard by the Reporter.
Mr. SLADE said, as so many gentlemen were
anxious for him to yield the floor, he would do so
to accommodate them.
Mr. RIVES rose, and attempted to address the
Chair, to make some suggestions as to the mode of
proceeding:, when—
Mr. WISE, and several other gentlemen, called
him to order. Great noise and confusion prevailed
at the time, and repeated cries of go on, go on,
were also heard.
Mr. RIVES again attempted to obtain the floor,
when—
Mr. WISE again interrupted him with calls to
order. Whether the question was on the motion sub-
mitted by the gentleman from South Carolina to
lay bis resolution, or the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Maryland, on the table, still the mo-
tion was not debatable, and he hoped the Chair
would order the gentleman to take his seat.
The CHAIR was unwilling to arrest any gen-
tleman on a point of order, who thought he had
any new proposition to present to the meeting.
Mr. RIVES said it was not his intention to throw
any obstacles in the way. He desired to come to
some conclusion, and therefore he proposed to gen-
tlemen to permit the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Rhett] to offer his resolution as an
amendment to the resolution of his colleague, [Mr.
Wise,] and let the House come to a decisive
vote.
Mr. BRIGGS made a few remarks, showing the
necessity of enforcing Ihe point of order, and pre-
serving decorum in the House.
Mr. PROFFIT endeavored to obtain the floor,
and at the same time giving his opinion that the
motion was debatable, and he wanted to have his
share of it.
Mr. P. was called to order by several gentlemen,
and he look his seat.
The CHAIR then pnt the question on Mr.
Rhett's motion and directed the tellers to report the
th  names of those members voting whose seats
were contested; and also to report how the vote
would be without the votes of those gentlemen
whose seats wore contested, and how it wouid be
with the votes of those gentlemen.
Mr. HOLLEMAN denied that such was the
question before the House. He also denied that
the question was ever presented for the House to
decide, as stated by the Chair, as to who should
vote as menbers from New Jersey, though the
Chair wished to make it so. To constitute a
question before the House there must be an
affirmative and a negative, or how could the
House decide it. How could it decide the
question as to who should vote as members
from New Jersey, when, having already decided
that one set of the claimants should not vote, the
Chair refuses to put the question as to the right of
the other* to vote! He denied that the Chair
had a right to make any such decision. This was
pvUlinf lit* House in a position ia whu* n ccuM
