40
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mation of Governor Rimer, before read, which
had been obtained from the office of the Secretary
of State, at Harnsburg, and certified by Francis
R Shun<f, Secre'ary of State, ns being a cor-
rect copy, and aho containing a certificate of Go-
vernor Porter, that Francia R. Shunk was his Se-
cretary of State.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is a mere copy of the
proclamation of Governor Rimer, which was read
a short time aso.
Mr. SMITH of Maine. Did I not understand
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Navlor]
to say, when he presented this paper, that he held
in hi  hand a proclamation of Gov. Porter, dated
a few days before the issuing: of the proclamation
declaring Mr. Inqersoll elected, which declared
that he (Mr. Naylosi) was elected?
[Loud cries of "order!" "order!" "order!"]
Mr. NAYLOR. Leave the gentleman to me.
I will answer him.
Mr. SMITH proceeded. Did the gentleman not
make the declaration that be held in his hand a
proclamation of Governor Porter, declaring him
elected? I shenld be the last man to charge the
gentleman with intentional quibbling, but if that
was his declaration, and the paper read was the
one referred to, I put it to the House to say whe-
ther he has not been quibbling? Will the gentle-
man answer me?
Mr, NAYLOR rose.
The CHAIR called to order.
Mr. NAYLOR. I appeal to the House and to
the Chair to do me an act of justice.
The CHAIR decided that no debate conll be
permitted now.
Mr. WISE then called for the reading of the
law of Pennsylvania in regard to the elections of
members of Congress from that Stale.
Mr. RIVES. I understood that the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Crabb] had called for the
leading of the credentials of the contested member
from Pennsylvania. I now inquire, has every
thing connected with the returns of members from
that State, whose seats are contested, been read?
Mr. COOPER. As a Representative of the
State of Georgia, I protest against that course.
Mr. RAMSEY. As a Representative of the
State of Pennsylvania, I insist upon it.
Mr. CRABB said he had called for the creden-
tials in this case—all of them—but he wished to
hear nothing in regard to any other question than
the question as to who had the returns according
to the laws of Pennsylvania.
The Clurk then read the law of Pennsylvania
of 1832 in relation to the election of members of
Qongress    After which,
The CHAIR said it would now be for the House
to decide whether Mr. Naylor's vote should be
counted.
Mr. DUNCAN then called for the reading of the
thirty-fourthrule of the House; which was read as
follows:
"No member shall vo'e on any question in tbe
event of which he is immediately cr particularly
interested."
Mr. F. Thomas and Mr. Fillmore were then
appointed tellers, and the vote was announced—119
to 112, the disputed members from New Jersey
voting, but their votes could not change the result.
So the House decided that Mr. Naylor's vote
should be counted.
Mr. WISE. Nov read the next man in the af-
firmative.
The CLERK then read the name of Mr. Ar-
CR1GO.
Mr. WISE.   I move the previous question in
his case, and call for the reading of his credentials.
Mr. TURNEY.   Is it the intention to read the
credentials on onp side  only?
Mr. WISE.   No; read all—we will hear all.
The CLERK then  read the credentials in the
case of Mr. Avcrigg?
The credentials ol Mr. Avcrigg being read,
The certificate of Mr. Westcott, Secretary of
State oí  the State of New Jersey, certifying that
Messrs. Rtall, Coofer, Dickerson, Vroom, and
Kij-le, received a majority of the votes, was also
read; after which,
Mr. VV/88 called for the readinr of the laws of
New Jersey regula'ing the elections in that State,
°Mr. BYNUM ca'lr.l for the reading of the se-
cond and  fif-h scuinns of th« Constitution, pro
vidin  "that each IIou e shall b- the judge ol the
election, return ,   and qualification of  its   own
members-;" all of which were re^d.
The CHAIR being about to put the question,
]\3r. BYNTTM raised ? question of order.   He
wanted to know if the Honse had not already so-
lemnly decided that   the  votes of  the members
whose seats were ccteMed should not be counted.
He thought, therefore, that this question could not
be taken a second time.
Tellers were then called for, and Messrs.
Cocper. of Georgia and Parmenter were ap-
pointed.                                                 „
Mr. AYCRIGG announced to the House that
Le would not vote in his own case.
Tne question was then taken whether the vo'e
of Mr. Aycrigg should be counted, on which the
tellers reported—ayes 117—Messis. Maxwell,
Yorkb, Haisted, and Stbatton, whose seats were
contested, voting with the ayes; and the noes to be
122—three members from New Jersey, Messrs.
Kille, Cooper, and Rvall, who«e seats were con-
tested, voting in the negative.
The CHAIR then announced the decision of the
House to be 117 aye% which, with the vote of the
Chus, made 118 in the affirmative, and 122 votes
in the negative.
The   CHAIR considered   this   decision of the
House to be utterly unconstitutional.
f Roars of laughter, and much noise and confu-
1 sion.
Mif DROMGOOLE considered the declaration
made "by the Chur, that tbe decision just given
was unconstitutional, to be a direct reflection on
the Hous?.
The CHAIR proceeded. Four of those who
voted in the affirmative are members from the
State of New Jersey, whose seats were contested,and
three of those who vted in the negative were gen-
tlemen who contested their seats. The derision of
the House deprived a sovereign State of its right
to say through its constituted an hor'ties who
should he its Representative on that floor; and it
was, therefore, m the opinion of the Chair, uncon-
stitutional; but, inasmuch as the mectn.g, in its
present imperfect state, b-^d thought proper to
make the decision, the CiniR would acq'i e^ce in
it, and announce the result; which was, that ibe
vote of Mr. Atcrigg should not be csunted.
[Much laughter and oon<iiiu>d confusion.J
Mr. SMITH of Maine then asked who was
nex1?
The CH\IR rpplied, Mr. Matwfll,
Mr. WISE moved the previous q íestion, and
that it be taken orally.
[Cries of "No, no! tellers!']
_ The House having seconded the previcis ques-
tion, Messrs. Parmenter and C^opfr of Georeia
were appointed (tilers, and the <]u*stion was taken
whether the vote of Mr. Maxwfll should be
counted, on which the tellers reported HGaye>,
Messrs. Halted, Yorkf, ard Strvtton, voting
in the affirmative; and 122 roes, no gentleman
whose septs .ire ái<puted voting m the negative.
The CHAIR then announced the decmon of the
Hou<e tha' the vote of Mr. Maxwell should not
be countel.
Mr. WISE proposed, with the general consent of
the Hous3, to take ihe question as to counting the
voles of the other three gentlemen, Messrs. Hal-
sted, Yorke and Stratton, together.
This having been aireed to, the question was
taken, and the same tellers as on the last vote re-
ported that there were 110 in the affirmative and
117 in the negatne, no contested members votm<*
on either «side.                                                        °
The CHAIR then announced the decision of the
House that the rotes of Messis. Halsted, Yorke
and Stratton should not be counted.
Mr. WISE next called for the question whether
the voteofMr. Jngersoll .should be counted, and
this question was decided in the negative—aves
none, nays 133.                                                   y
The next question taken was whether th« votes
of M«ssrs, Dickerww, Vroom, Ryali, Coopib, J
and Kili.b should be counted, and this was de-
cided in the npgatire-113 nays, ayes none; whan
The CHAIR announced that the votes, of tne.se
eentlemon should not be counted, and nenl: or, to
sav thai the appeal from the dect lom.f th  Chair,
that the vo'e of Mr. Nayi.ob should be counkd,
made'by the gentleman from Tennessee, had btcn
decided against the Chair; but, in tbe process of
that decision, the Hou«e had decided that that very
vote should be counted, and thu", in effect, aflii med
tbe dccsion cf the Chair.
Mr WISE then said that the decision just made
by the House brought back the question to his re-
solution, for it had decided that the vote ol Mr.
Naylor should be counted, and this vote made a
tie on the motion to lay his resolution on the table.
He therefore called for the previous question on it.
The CHAIR then stated that the question be-
fore the Hou e was the previous question on the
resolution of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. PICKENS said if that was the question be-
fore the House, he held in his hand an amendment
to the resolution of the gentleman from Virginia,
and therefore he would vote against the previous
question.
The question was then taken by tellers, Messrs.
Cave Jchnson and Peck, to ascertain if there was
a second to the previous question; and they re-
porting 113 ayes, and 113 noes, the Chair voted
in the affirmative, and, therefore, announced that
the call for the previous question was seconded.
The question was then stated by the CHAIR to
be, "whether the mam question shall now be
put."
Mr. VANDERPOEL called for tellers; and
am'd loud enes of "no, no—no teller*,"
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he would withdraw
the call for tellers if the House would permit the
amendment of the gentleman from South Crrolina
to be read.
Cries of "no, no ! tellers, teller*!"
The same tellers were then appointed—Messrs.
Cave Johson and Pre ; who, after counting, re-
ported 117 ayes, and 97 noes; so it was decided
that the main question should be put.
The main question whs then stated by the Cj*air
to be on Mr. Wi-e's íesolution, a* follows:
Resolved, That the Acting Clerk of this House
shall proceed with thecal! of the members from
the different States of the Union in the usual way,
calling the names of such members from New
Jersey as hold the regular and legal commissions
from the Executive of that State.
The ayes and noes having been called for on
different sides of the House,
Mr. WISE said, let ns have the ayes and noes.
We have purged tbe House, and there is now no
objection.
The CHAIR said that by the general consent of
Ihe House, the ayes and noes might be called.
Which being agreed to, the question was taken
in that way, and was decided in the negative-
yeas 115, nays, 118, as follows:
YEA^-Messrs. Aclama, Alf >r<i, John W. Alten. Simeon W.
Anderson, Andrew*, Bernard, Bell, UMle, Black, Bond, Bolts,
Bnig-, Brockvvay, Anson liuiwn, Calnonn, J. Camt.bi II W B
< ¡impbell. Carer, Clarín, Chittenden, Carle, Co'uimt, J.
íCP,erVÍ k Ctop^r' ^"vin, dabb, Crana-on, C.ockett,
nn lM.ett E-woid* Evan*, Evere't, P,||moie, J  Garland,
f'8GS, Graves. G««n, Grianell.'ll.áwbam, Hall,
W. 8. Hasting.,IIenry, Hill of Virsima, Hoffman, Hunt
Hunter, James, Jenifer, C John* , W b JoCon, Kire
Lawrence, Lincoln, Marvin Mason, Mercer, Mitchell, Monro!
Davis.DelaMontanya, Doane, Dois. Drom ooIe Dimran W.Vi
ana |s^a¿rs^S?S
ier, rsrrw, i aynttr, Petnkin, Picken , Plentlts, Riiroíey, Bey.
