CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i
i
a
[.'
f
*
If
!l
*
I 
I?
k
•it*
thought proper to bring forward, in an informal
manner, certain testimony connected wiih the case;
but his a question, whether that is not competent
testimony under the Constitution; and I contend
that this House has a right to decide the question
on the first day of the session, if they thought pro-
per. I will *ead that clause of the Constitution,
under which this House has the power to act on
this subject.
"Each House shall be the judge of the elections,
retaras, and qualifications of its own members."
It will be perceived that the Constitution, in this
clans , makes three distinct subjects on which this
House is entitled to decide.   I contend  that they
are, in their very nature, distinct questions.    It
may decide that a member is returned, and that he
is, under  the Constitution,   totally   d squalifkd.
Suppose yon judge of the returns of a member who
is under twenty-five years of age, oran alien: he
may have a majority, and not be entitled, under
the Courtitution, to take his seat.   So we may de-
cide that a member is entitled to the returns, be-
cause he ha* a majority of the polls, and yet not be
legally elected, because that majority was made up
of persons who had no right to vote.   In the pro-
gress of this case, we   have seen one notorious
fact is admitted.   It is admitted by the papers,
and admitted by the gentlemen from New Jersey
themselves, that a majority of the votes of the peo-
ple of New Jersey were given to other members
than those claiming their seats under the certificates
of the Governor.   That fact was admitted by them,
with one qualification; and that was, that that majo-
rity was made up of illegal votes.  This admission,
therefore, is giving up the whole question.   Who
decided that they were not legal vote*?    Was it
the Governor? the clerk?   Sir, I Jay down this
broad proposition, and challenge   a  reply: that
there is no officer or State authority whatever, who
cm decide npon the legality of votes, after they
are once deposited in the ballot boxes.   You may
challenge votes at the polls, as is done in the State
of Virginia; bat the proposition I contend for is
this—
Mr. WISE here asked permission to make an
explanation.
Mr. PICKENS, in continuation. I will yield
the floor for an explanation, but I protest against
the practice of many gentlemen, fur the last two
years, of taking the advantage of being allowed to
make an explanation, and then making an argu-
ment instead of it.
Mr. WISE said there was a law of the State of
Virginia appointing a commission to purge the
polls—not at the time and place of the elections,
but within a given number of days thereafter.
Mr. PICKENS continued. I admit the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Virginia. I admit
that the State of Virginia has taken upon herself
to purge the votes after they have been received
into the ballot boxes. I ask if that is the naked
proposition? and if so, I am prepared to demon-
strate the unconstitutionality of it.
Mr. WISE made a brief explanation, which,
from the noise prevailing, the Reporter did not
hear. It related principally to the manner oí vot-
ing in Virginia, which is viva voce.
Mr. PICKENS resumed. The proposition I
maniain is, that, under that clause of the Consti-
tution I have just quoted, we are created, in the
tvery terms of the Constitution, the sole and ex-
clusive judges of the return?; and if any State au-
thority interferes to purge the polls, after the votes
have been deposited in the ballot boxes, or after
they have been given, viva voce,if you please, as in
the State of Virginia, (unless he does it for the
purpose of ascertaining whether the votes have the
qualifications requisite for the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature,)—unleishe does it
to carry out that provision of the Constitution, it
il. is„a m°nstrous violation of the rights of
this House. Here let me observe, in reflect-
ing upon this clause, that it strikingly dis-
plays the wisdom of those who framed this instru-
ment. Snppose a contrary result, and that the Con-
stitution gave to the State authorities the power of
judging of the returns of the Representatives? This
Honse would be at the mercy of this or that con-
flicting patty in every Slate.     It was essential to
the preservation of its purity and independence,
that it should possess the power given to it by the
Constitution, of judging of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members.   You can-
not get over the plain and palpable provisions of
the Constitution.     I  do not understand that the
question has been raised by any gentleman here,
that the Stale authorities of Nww Jersey have the
right to purge the polls after the elections are over.
It being admitted that they have not that right, I
contend that we have the right to judge  of the re-
turns of the members from New Jersey; that we
can do it now; and that, in doing so, we are not
bound to go into other particulars touching the elec-
tions until we are better prepared to da  so.    I do
not mean to cast any censures on the Governor for
having given his certificates to persons who did
not receive a majority at the polls.    He may have
supposed that he  was doing his duty, and may
have looked upon himself as a mere ministerial
register of the votes returned by the clerks of the
counties.   Sir, he may give his certificates to one
set of gentlemen, and other gentlemen may be en-
titled to the returns; and the proposition I  mean to
demonstrate on  this   floor   is,   that   there is no
authority   in   New  Jersey   competent  to   enter
into   and   decide    upon   the   legality   of   votes
after they have   been   deposited   in   ths   ballot
boxes.   This House, and this House only, can de-
cide upon the elections, returns, and qualifications of
iss members.    Without that provision in the Con-
stitution, where is our independence?    But  some
gentlemen suppose that we are not. constitution-
ally organized,  and that, therefore, we can  do
nothing.    Allow me, sir, to say  that there is some
confusion on this subject.   The Constitution says
that "the  Congress shall assemble at least once in
every year; and such meeting shall be en the first
Monday in December, unless they  shall, by law,
appoint    a different day."    What   is   Congress?
Analyze it.    The members are elected from ihe
different S ates, and asemble here every year as
the Constitution directs.    Gentlemen suppose that
we must take the oath before we can  decide upon
the matter now before us; but is this  the fact?   I
will   refer   to   that   point   of  the   Constitution
which  which   prescribes the   oaih "to   be taken.
It is in  these  words: "The Senators and Repre-
SJntatives before mentioned, and the members of
the several State Legislatures, and all  Executive
and Judicial officers, both of the United States and
of the several Stales, shall be bound by oath or af-
firmation to support this Constitution."   Does the
Constitution prescribe the time when we shall take
this oath?   Does it say that we shall take it on the
first day or the last day of the session?   The law of
'89 directs that after a Speaker is elected, a mem-
ber of the House shall administer the oath to him,
and that he shall then administer it to the rest of the
members.   But, sir, I con'end that when we as-
semble on the firit day of December, we are a
body, competent to decide on the elections, returns,
and   qualifications   of  onr   own   members,   and
that  we   can  do   so   before   taking   the   oath.
Sir, I think it would be inexpedient, though we
have the right to do so, to enter at  this time into
he   elections and  qualifications of these New Jer-
sey members; but on the other question—that of the
returns—we are not only competent  to enter into
it, but it is highly expedient that we should do so.
tSuppose it be declared that Mr. A and Mr. B
should be  the judges, and exclusive judges, of the
returns of these New Jersey members.    Would
there be any difficulty in it?   The whole difficulty
arises from there being 242 judges, instead of one
judge.
In offering this proposition, 1 have acted solely
in consequence of the dictates of my own judg-
ment, and with a view to obviate the difficulties
in which Ihe House is involved. I believe that
the gentlemen who have produced certificates are
not entitled to the returns, and I am prepared to meet
that question. I thought we were competent
to deccide it on the first day of the session,
and think it would have been better if we had de-
cided it on that day, fearlessly, boldly, and frankly,
instead of beirg delayed and mystified by special
pleading.   I have acted under the dictates of my
own judgment, and have not been influenced by
party drill or the dictates of a caucus.
[\lr. P. after portraying in forcible language the
evils flowing from party spirit, said, that for many
years past there had been too strong an Executive
action in this Government, and that it was time
for the Representatives of the people to spurn at
Executive dictation, and assert their own inde-
pendence. It was time, he said, fiat they should
redeem the House from a base subserviency to
that monster god, party, and to look with a single
eye to the welfare of the country.]
I have introduced the resolution, Mr. P. con-
tinued, to meet the case before the House. I
maintain that we are, by the Constitution, the
exclusive judges of the returns of our own
members, and that there is no concurrent
jurisdiction in any Sute, Governor, or Legislature;
and, in maintaining these principles, I maintain
the principles that are essential to the preservation
of American liberty. The propositions I lay
down are, 1. That this Hou*e is the sole and ex-
clusive judge of the elections, returns, and qualifi-
cations of its own members; 2. That no State
officers have the right to take into consideration
the legality of the votes after they have been depo-
sited in the ballot boxes; and, 3. Tnat those who
havp the majority of the votes have a right to the
returns. Upon these principles I voted against
Mr. Ingersoll's right to vote. The majority of
the votes were given to his opponent, Mr. Ñay-
lor; and, though it was contended that this majo-
rity was the result of fraud, I voted against
Mr. Ingkrsoll because I believed that the
judges had no right to throw out the vote ,
because they dremed them fraudulent—thai in
ro doing, they were usurping the powers of
this House. When the question, however, comes
up to be finally decided between the two gentle-
men, I will meet it, and decide according to the
evidence before me; but I protest against the right
of the officers of the State of Pennsylvania to judge
of the legality of voles, after they have been depo-
sited in the ballot boxes. I know, said Mr. P. the
delicacy of the position I occupy. I know that the
course I have adopted may be misunderstood, and
perhaps censured; but I would not wear the proud-
est jewel on a monarch's brow, if I could not wear
it unshackled. There is no sentiment I ever pro-
claimed in .he closet, that I would not proclaim to
the world. I am prepared to meet this question
frankly, boldly, fearlessly; and I am willing to go
into it now.
Mr. P. here read the following resolution:
Resolved, That the committee to be raised on the
New Jersey elections, be confined to the question
who is entitled to the "returns" of elec ions for the
Twenty-sixth Congress.
Mr. CRAIG rose to a point of order. The
House had deck'ed that it would proceed to the
election of a committee, and he would submit to
the Chair whether it was in order for gentlemen
to offer other propositions. Let us (said Mr. C)
go into the election of the committee, and after-
wards let the gentlemen from South Carolina make
their preposition! . I subscribe (said Mr. C.) hear-
tily to all the gentleman's doctrines, and go for the
whole of them.
Mr. HOLMES of S. C. then addressed the
House in a very able and lucid argument in Mip 
port of Mr. Pickens's resolution; and
Mr. RHETI* followed in a powerful address in
opposition to it.
[From the lateness of the hour we are unable to
give sketches of these gentlemen's remarks, bat
they will be given in foil shortly.]
After Mr. RHETT concluded his remarks,
Mr. LEWIS gave notice that he would move a
reconsideration of the vote on Mr. Rhett's reso-
lution, provided Mr. Pickens's resolution should
be lost.
Mr. CRABB then gave notice that he would
move a reconsideration of the vote ordering the
appointment of a committee, in case a reconside-
ration should be ordered of Mr. Rhett's resolu-
tion.
On motion of Mr. WISE,
The House adjourned.
