46
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ELEVENTH BALLOT.
ForR. M. T. Hunter—Messrs. Adams, Afford.
J. W. Allen, L. W. Andrews, Bell, Biddle, Black,
Bond, Botfs.Brockway, A.Brown, S.H. Butler, Cal-
houn, J. Campbell,W.B.Campbell,Carter, Chmn,
Ciar*, Colquitt, J. Cooper, M. A. Co< per, Corwin,
Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cushing, E. Davies, G.
Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Dület, E Iwards,
Fillmore, Fisher, R. Gat land, Gentiy, Giddings,
Goggm, Goode, Graham, Granger, Graves, Green,
Griffin, Grinnell, Habersham, Hall, W. S. Hast-
ings, Henry, Hill of Va. Hoffman, Holmes, Hop-
kins, Hunt, James, Chas. Johnston, W. C. John-
son, King, Lawrence, Lincoln, Marvin, Mason,
Mercer, Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, C. Morns,
Naylor, Nisbet, Ogle. Osborne, Peck, Pickens,Pope,
Profit, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner.Reed,
Ridgway, Russell, Salton&tall, Seigeant, Simonton,
Blade, fr. Smith, Stan'y, Storrs, Sumpter, Stuart,
Taiaferro, W. Thomps n, Tillinghast, To'and,
Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood, P. J. Wagner,
Warren, E. D. White, J. White, T. W. Williams,
L. Wil.iams, J. L. Williams, C. H. Williams,
S. Williams, Wise, Jenifer, Everett, Chittenden,
Evans, Gates, Barnard, Bnggs, Palen, Crabb, and
S. H. Anderson—119.
For J. W. Jones—Messrs. J. Al'en, Atherton,
Beirne, Blackwell, A. V. Biown, W. 0. Butler,
Carroll, Clifford, Connor, Doan, Drortnoole,
Earl, Ely, Fine, Hand, J. Hastings, Hawkins,
Hill of N. C. Hilen, Hollermn, Howard, J.John-
sun, N. Jones, Ke m, Kembali, Leonard, Lowe I,
Lucas, McCleüan, McKay, Miller, Parish, Par-
menter, Petnkin, Pienhss, Rives, J. Rogers, Shaw,
Shepard, J. Smitht Ihos. Smith, Steinrod, strong-,
Swear.ngen, Sweeny, Tay'or, F. Thomas, P. F.
Thomas, Turney, Vanderpoel, VVeller, J. W.
Williams, H. Williams, Worthington, and Banks
—55.
For Mr. Davee—Messrs. H. J. Anderson,
Fletcher, and Parris—3.
For F. Thomas—Messrs. Casey, J. W. Jones,
and Mallory—3.
For Mr. Keim—Messrs. Beatty, Bynum, J. Da-
vis, Duncan. Fornance, Galbraith, Gerry, Ham-
mond, Hook, Hubbard, Leadbetter, Leet, Lewis,
McCulloch, Marchand, Montgomery, S. W. Mor-
ns, Newhadr, Paynter, Ramsey, Robinson, E. Ro-
gers-, Samuels, and D. D. Wagener—24.
For Mr. Caset—Messrs. Uoyd, Brewster, Carr,
Craig, Dana, De la Montanya, Doig, Cave John-
son, Reynolds, anl Wick—10.
For Mr Pickens— A. G. Brown, Chapman,
Coles, Cross, Medill, Rhert, Starkweather, J.
Thompson, and Watterson—9.
For Mr. Atherton—Messrs. Burke, Eastman,
Floyd, and Jackson—4.
For Mr. Starkweather—Mr. Crary—1.
For Mr. Clifford— Mr Davee—1.
For Mr. Howard—J. W. Davis—1.
For Mr. Lewis—A. Smith—1.
For Mr. Boyd—Mr. Jameson—1.
Recapitulation of votes given for Speaker of the Howe
of Repmtntalives, 2&A Cottgress.Jirtt session.
7th.   8.h.   9th.   10th. 11th.
Whole number          229   232   231    232   232
Necessary to a choice 115 117 116' 117 117
Dixon H.Lewis 110 113 J10 73 1
R. M. T. Hunter 22 16 69 85 119
John Bell                  64     80     33     12
Fr4ncis Granger        12                       2
Zadok Caset                3       5       5       8     10
•Francis Thomas            4       7     11     10       3
William C Dawson     5       5       6       3
John W.Jones             3                      14     55
George M. Keim                                  12     24
Francis W. Pickens             115       9
Scatteiing                     7       5       6       7     11
Mr. R, M. T. HUNTER, having received a
majority of the whole number of voles oa the
eleventh vote, was declared duly fleeted.
Mr.  BANKS   and Mr.   LAWRENCE  con-
ducted the SPEAKER to the chair, when,
On mstijn of Mr. WISE,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
TmuDAY, December 17, 1839.
The CHAIR desired that the Committee on
Public Buildings, which he had omitted yesterday,
should be placed on the journal, to consist of Mr.
Fülton, Chairman, Mr. Merrick, and Mr. Smith
of Connecticut.
Mr. WRIGHT gave notice that as soon as the
Senate was ready to rioceed to legislative business,
he would ask leave to introduce the following bill :
A bill more effectually to secure the   public
money in the hands of officers and agents of the
Government, and to pun Kb. public defaulters.
A bill for the relief oi W. N. Robertson.
A bill for the relief of Samuel H. Garrow and
S. W. Simonton.
A bill for the relief of W. A. Whitehead, late
collector of the poit of Key West, in Florida.
Mr. LINN gave notice that he would, on the
earliest opportunity, ask leave to introduce the fol-
lowing bills:
A bill authorizing a patent to be issued to Joseph
Campan, lor aceitain tract of land in the State of
Michigan.
A bill for the reli.f of the heirs of Madam de
Lusser.
A bill for the relief of Pierce Balin.
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of William Conway.
A oil' for the relief of Daniel Marsaqne.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Ehhu H. Bay.
A bill for the reli f of Juan Belgar.
A bill   for the   re íef of  Francis Laventure,
Ebenezer Csilds, and Linas Thompson.
A bill for (he relipf of Joseph Bogy.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Cochran.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Phil. Barbvur, deceased.
A bill £oi Ihe relief of Charles Morgan of Lou-
isiana.
A bill for Ihe relief of Charles Morgan.
A bill for the relief of Jean Bapiiste Grainger.
A bill for the relief of Sebastian Butcher and heirs
and legal representatives of Bartholomew Butcher,
Michael Butcher, and Peter B'oom.
A bill for ihe re'ief of Obed P. Lacey.
A bill to continue in force the act for the final
adjustment of private land daims in Missouri.
A bill to Irans/er to the citizens of the parish of
Concordia, in the State of Louisiana, ihe interest
of the United S'ates to a certain tract of land.
A bill to authorize the issuing of a patent to the
heirs or legal representatives of Francis Ricard,
deceased.
A bill confirming certain land claims in Mis-
souri.
A bill to confirm certain land claims in the
Ouachita land district in the State of Louisiana.
A bill to conlrm land claims in the district be-
tween the Rio Hondo and Saline rivers.
A bill to settle the title to certain tracts of land in
the Slate of Arkansas.
A bill to amend an act confirming certain land
claims in the State of Michigan.
A bill supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to amend an act for the appointment of commis-
sioners to adjust the claims to reservations of land
under the 14'h article of the treaty of 1830, with
the Choctaw Indians."
A bill for creating a new land district in the Slate
of Missouri, and for changing the boundaries of
the southwestern ar.d western land district in said
State.
A bill to confirm the title to a certain tract of
land in the county of Mobile.
A bill to confirm certain land claims in the
Greensburs land district, State of Louisiana.
Mr. WALKER gave notice that he would ask
leave to introduce a bill for the rel.ef of Alvarrz
Fisk and the legal repreien'.aiives of Thomas P.
Eikndge.
Mr. PRENT/SS gave notice that he wou'd ask
leave to mtriduce the following bills:
.  A bill for the relief of Lemuel While.                  '
A bill for the relief of Daniel Wallas.
A bill for the relief of Margaret Barnc.
A bill to authonza the payment of invalid pen-
sions in certain ca.'es.
Mr. NORVELL gave notice that he would ask
leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill granting to the county of Kalamazoo, in
the State of Michigan, the right of pre-emption to
a quarter section of land, and for other purposes.
A bill to amend an act confirming certain land
claims in the State of Michiga-i.
A bill (¡ranting to certain persons therein named
the iisrhl of pre-emption to a fraction of a fection
of land in Ottoway, in the State ol Michigan.
Mr. SEVIEtt gave nofce that he wou'd ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Wil íam
Murphy.                                                  ,,
Mr. CLAY of Alabama gave notice that he
would ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of William Jones.
On motion of Mr. BENTON,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business, and, soon after,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tui sdat, December 17, 1839.
At 12 o'clock, Mr. R. M.T. HUNTER, Speaker
of the House, called the House to order, and ad-
dressed them as follows:
Gentlemen or the House of Representatives:
The high and undeserved honor which you have
conferred upon me, has been,-o unexpected, that
even ^wlcan s ar.ely find teims in which to ex-
pre-s my gra'elul sense of jou k ndn-ss. I trust,
however, to be ab'c to offer a bttter evidence ot
that sen íment in the earnest efforts which I shall
make to discharge my duties justly and impartial y.
Called as I have been to ihis high station, not s;>
much from any merits of my own as from the u de-
pendence of my position, I .shall feel it as especially
due fn m me to you to preside as the Speaker, not
of a party, but ol the House. Whilst I shall deem
i it my duty, upon all proper occations, to sustain
the principles upon which I stand p edged belt re
the country, I shall hold myself bound, at the same
time, to afford every facility within my power to
the full and fdir expression of the wishes and sen-
timents of every section of th s great Confederacy.
You will doubtless deem it your duty, gentlemen,
as the grand inquest of the nation, to investigate
i all matters of which the peop e ought to be inform-
ed; to retrench expenditures which are unnecessary
' or unconstitutional; to maintain the just relations
between all of the great interests of the country,
and to preserve inviolate the Constitution, which
you w.ll be sworn to support, whilst it will be
mine to a¡d you m such labois with a'l of the
means within my power. And al hough deeply im-
pressed wuh a painful sen e of my inexperience,
and of the difficulties of a newand untried ^tion, I
am yet chee ed by the hope that you will sustain
me in my efforts to preserve the order of business
and the decorum of debate. 1 am aware that party
fervor is occasionally impatient of the restraint
which it is ihe duty of the Chair to impose upon
the asper ties of debate, but at the same lime I
know that the just of all parties will sustain a
Speaker who is honestly endeavoring to preserve
the dignity of the House, and the harmony of its
member*.
Permit me, in conclusion, gentlemen, to tender
you the Iv mage ef my heartfelt thanks, for the ho-
nor which you have conferred upon me, and to ex-
pre-s the hope th<ityour counsel? may be so guided
by wisdom as to redound to your own reputation,
and the welfare of our common country.
The jVurnal of yesterday was then read, when
Mr. DROMGOOLE submitted the following re-
solution:
Resolved; That the standing rules and orders of
the last House of Representatives be adopted a*
the rules and order of proceedings of th's House
Mr. WILLIAMS of Norh Carolina moved to
lay this resolution on the table until the members
were first swoin
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON referred to the law
of 1789, to show that this resolution was inadmis-
sible at the present time, that law declaring that
the members shall take the oath of office before
they proceed to business. He therefore made a
point of order, as to whether this resolution could
be entertained at the present time.
Mr. DROMGOOLE staled that he had mored
this resolution with a view of avoiding all difficulty
>n case any question should arise in the course of
