58
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
(\aid he) regard tha  voice as nothing 
and insist upon it that those gentlemen cannot be
introduced unless a ma]' -rity of this House declared
them entitled to come in. Let us see, said Mr. 8.
what we are called upon to decide, and what we
are to decide. This was not yet a House of Re-
presentatives of the United States, he meant in its
perfect and organized form; and for that reason
he Md the House of Representatives, in all its
stages of existence, to mean a representation from
all the States of the Union, in proportion to that
allowed by the laws. The first provision of the
Constitution relating to this tubject is, that in
every stage of the existence of the House, every
Slate shall be iepresented—that no State ¿hall
stand unrepresented. If a Slate has not a suffi-
cient population to entitle her to one Representa-
tive, according to the apportionment laws, yot she
must, according to the Constitution, have one.
Mr. S. here referred to the third clause of the
second section of the first article of the Constitu-
tion in support of his argument, as follows: "The
nnmber of representatives shall not exceed one for
every thirty thousand, but each State shall have at
least ose representative; and until such enumera-
tion shall be made, the State of New Hamsphire
shall be entitled to choose three; Massachusetts,
eight; Rhode Island and Providence Plantations,
one; Connecticut, five; New York, six; New Jer-
sey, four; Pennsylvania, eight; Delaware, one;
Maryland, six; Virginia, ten; North Carolina, five;
South Carolina, five; and Georgia, three."
Now, (said Mr. S.) what do you purpose to do?
"Why, to constitute a Congress without a represen-
tation from the State of New Jersey, by members
from the other Slates of this Union voting against
them. Tne Constitution says that every State
shall have a Representative here, and yet you have
deprived a sovereign State of five-sixths of her re-
presentation. Under the Constitution and laws, as
they now arc, the State is not otherwise known
than as an organic body, an J we have no right, in
the present stage of our proceedings, to look at the
State of New Jersey but as an organic body—as
an independent power coming here, demanding to
take her share in the legislation of Congress. Has
New Jersey failed to do her duty under the Consti-
tution? It is admitted that she ha* done i<; that she
i* here by her Representatives, who have been
here from the beginning, claiming to be ad-
mitted. Sie has five-sixths of her Repre-
sentatives here, who have been excluded. Can
you constitute a Congress without Iheja? The
Srate having elected her Representatives, when
tiiey have been sent here, and offered to participate
in the business of the nation, your excluding them
affects all the States of the Union, New Jersey as
well as the rest. Where is your authority for this?
Mr. S. here went on to comment on the commis-
sions presented by the five New Jersey claimants,
and contended that they were regular, and such as
bore on their face nothing to raise a doubt. No
such question, he said, was ever raised in regard to
Mr. Moore's credentials, and the Mississippi.mem-
bers. From the commissions themselves, no gen-
tk man could find in theni a single particular in
which they were not in precise conformity with the
laws ol New Jersey. You could not have more
canclusive evidence presented from New Jersey, or
from any State, to show that these gentlemen were
elected.
Mr. S. here went into a long argument of the
constitutional question involved, and in answer to
the doctrine of Mr. Pickens, urging in contradic-
tion to him, that the House of Representatives
known to the Constitution, was a Home in which
ail ike States were fully represented; and contenied
that a representative holding the certificate
was a member of Congress before he arrived
here, and before he was qmlified, as well as after
-he was qualified. Mr. S. cintinued his argument
a1 g eat letitt'i in support of ihe gentlemen hold-
irg the cer: ficates to take their seat*, without exa-
mining the testimony or go isg to any extent behind
the err! ficne>.
Mr. DilOMGOOLE repl.ed at length to 'he ar-
gjinerr of Mr. Sergeant, presentirg, in forcible
and eloquent language, a conclusive and able refuta-
tion of the positions presented by that gentleman,
a brief outline of which our limits will only permit
us now to give. He had never, at any preliminary
stage of the proceedings, he said, gbne into the me-
rits of this controversy, because he believed the
discussion would be premature, and would have no
other effect than to prejudge and forestall the opi-
nions of the House and of the public, before the evi-
dence was before them His opinion had been, from
the first, that they ought to go into an exam nation
of this question by a committee, who should report
the facts and evidence to the House, and that then
both parties should be permitted to come in,
and present their own case, "or* tenia,"
at the bar. But 'gentlemen ou the oth r
sue wanted to jump over all inquiry, reject
all evidence, and, restricting themselves to the com-
missions of the Governor of New Jersey, decide
that those who held them should take their seats.
They were called upon to decide that these commis-
sions were conclusive as to the right of the gentle-
men to take their seats, and could not by any evi-
dence be controverted. Gentlemen had also urged
the imperfect slate of th« organiiation of the
House, as a reason why it could not go into an
e&am'.naticn of all ihe evidence bearing on the
case :but gentlemen could not now avail them-
selves of that difficulty. We are, said Mr. D.
organized; we have a Speaker, we have taken the
oath of office, and there is nothing: to prevent us
from entering into an examination of all the evi-
dence, and of deciding it opon its metit>\ Though
fully convinced that this power existed, yet he be-
lieved that it would be premature to exercise it un-
til after a full examination into all the facts and
evidence by a committee and a report upon it.
Some of the propositions of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Sergeant} were so abhorrent
to the principles of the Constitution, thit he felt
constrained to meet them at the threshold, though
he would not now go into an examination of the
merits of the main question. He understood the
gentleman to say that he could only look at the
State of New Jersey acting in its corporate, or or-
ganic capacity. Now he utterly denied that in this
instance the doctrines of the gentleman were in ac-
cordance with the Constitution; and he would call
upon him to look at that instrument itself, and see
what authority it gave him for his assumptions.
Before going into an examination of this part of the
gentleman's argument, he would premise a few re-
marks, in order that they might arrive at a better
understanding of the subject. It was known to the
Speaker, who, from his infancy, had been taught in
the political school of the Sate Rights party, that the
term "State" is used in three different senses; and
he would refer gentlemen toMr Madison's celebrated
repon on the resolutions < f John Taylor of Caro-
line in the Virginia Leg s'ature, as authority for
this uuderita'idmg of the <erm. The lerm "State"
sometimes meant the temiorj' comprehended with-
in its limi s—as, said Mr. D we may speak of go-
ing into Maryland or into Virginia. It sometimes
meant the machinery by wh ch ihe State Govern-
ment was carried on; and ag.iio, ii sometimes
meant the whole people of the State, and ¡hen the
term State wasappliel to it as a sovereign State
al ne The tí-rm State, therefore, was sometimes
applied to the ter i ory; sometimes to the Govern-
ment, and so.netimes t> the people, in h*ir h ghest
attribute of sovereignty. The Sta e G vernments,
as such, Mr. D. sa d, are n>t parties to the Fede-
ral compa"t The States of New Jersey, Virginia,
and the rest, in their h ghest sove-eign c i parity, that
is, the people of ihe*e States a'one, are he pani°s.
Do not tell me, then, said Mr. D. that we are op-
posed to State righ's, when we co: tend that the
michinery of a State s'-iall not misrepresent the
wilt of the sovereign people of the State. With
this d stinc ion, he won d call the at ention of the
gent'em n from Pennsylvania ti the language of
the Constitution on this subject. "The House of
Representatives shall be composed of members
chosen every sec nd year"—Bv whom, sir? By
the Sates? No, sir: but "by "the people of the
several States." Th-n as to the Senate. The
Constitution siys that "the Senate of the United
Siates r-hall be c imposed of two Senators from
each State, chosen by the Legislatu.es there if"
&c.   And here, said Mr. D. i$ the distinction
shown between the two bodies, and this is, what
I h ve >l*ays contended it is, the pop.i lar body
-this is the part of the Federal Government which
oHai< s a popular feature. He saw his venc/abli
colleague faHu ling to Mr. Mfrcer] smi e for he
fully concurred in the* great d climes of the State
mfitSlKing at the returns of the NewJer ey
elections, even if we should g) behind the great
seal, we shall be gouty neither of a violation of
the Constitution, nor of the rights of the State ot
NewJersej; but, on the contrary, in conte.idi g
for the rights of the people to elect their Repre-
sentatives, we are carrying out the Federal c mi-
pact in the fullest extent. We inquire who the
tíecple of New Jersey have e!tvled as their Repn-
senutives, and, ia «J doing, we regard that State
in her highest sovereign capacity. He should
like to know from his learned friend from Penn-
sylvania, or from any member of that body,
learned or unlearned, where it is he finds any au-
thority for the assumption that the House of Re-
presentatives could not go behind the com mis-ions
of the Governor of New Jersey, with the greíát
seal of the State, in decidí-g upon the elections,
returns and qualifications of iti members. He
denied that there was any authority for it, either
in the Constitution or laws, or in precedents
found in parliamentary practice. He contended
that the woid "leturns," carried with it evefy
question connected with the returns; and that they
had as much right to inquire into the returns of the
votes of Millville and South Amboy, which were
suppressed by the clerks, as into the commissions
of the Governor of New Jersey. If gentlemen
doubted this, he would cite for them abundant au-
thority. Mr. D. nere referred to the case of Spal 
ding and Mead, a contested case of election returns
decided some year* ago in the House of Repre-
sentatives. In this case, under the laws of the
State of Georgia, the votes were required to be
returned within a limited lime; but the votes of three
counties not having been returned within that
time, the Governor felt himself constrained not
to count them, and to give the commission to
Mead. The seat was contested, and it was decided
here that the House was not restricted by the pro-
clamation of the Governor, as is now contended,
but that the "returns" comprehended all Ihe votes
given in that Congressional distritc, whether count-
ed by the Governor or not. There were two points
decided in that case, the primary returns and the
ultimate return^; and therefore, the laws of New'
Jersey r< quiring the returns to be made by the
county clerks to the Governor, who is to sum them
all up, and to give the commissions in conformity
with hem, the House must inquire into all the
facts of the e elections, going back to the primary
returns, to act in conformity with this precedent.
The House decided against Mr. Spalding, and that
the votes which were kept back, whether they were
the result of fiaud or otherwise, were still to be
counted. Mr. D. would not here enter into any ex-
amination of the conduct of Governor Penning-
ton. He would not pretend to say that G >-
vernor Pennington had done wrong. He wouli
be willing to admit, and he would ground his
argument on the position that the Governor
could not have acted otherwise than he did—
that he was obliged to give his commissions, with-
out countirg the Millville and South Amboy
votps; but he would ask, could this House refuse
to count them? There were at least forty cases in
which it was decided that all the returns should b3
looked into, and upon the ground that this House
was not violating the laws of ihe States, but catry-
ing them out. It was perfectly competent for the
Houfe, looking into the returns, to examine thern
all—to compare them together, and deci ¡e whether
these certi'x^tes of the Governor, with the broad
teal, might not be impeac eJ either fir want of
form or want of verity; and, if they were n t in
accordance with the laws of New Jersey, and
not in accordance with the facts as regards
summing up all the votes taken at the elec-
tion, they were void, and m ght br set aside. He
would be glad to know where geater.ea
found the authority for the assumption that 'hese
commissions of the  Governor of New Je.sey
