CONGItESSfONAL GLOBE.
59
«"ere conclus've as to the right of those persons
br.rtgng them to take iheir seits w tirut fur-
ther question. Where was the preceden for
it' A'l the decido s were directly at vari-
Mee wi'h it; and w the case of Spa'd ns and
Mead.it was deeded that th* r tu n-> Wt re inly
prima faeit ev d-rce. But ge-i'enen c nten'e I
that a pnirafaae evide ce ol > nsht give a man a
conclusive right. It was notwoith whi'e D to
into a re'ut.ition of th s abMird'ty. limusi b* ad-
n>it edthat he n«ht to take a cit in hit Irou e
le-ted on the elections and qml 5c tuns of tl e
member^ and that he p^ima facie evid<w of these
two ctrcum^taaces was only g od e idenee in 'he
ab enee of any thtnf. to contradict it The \ ery
leaTed tentle i*an Iro n Pennsylvania attempted to
prove that the five Nuw Jersey ec t emen were
now rr.embe s of the House, and had been so for a
lorg time. N"w, he did not understand that there
wa~ any ihin  in the Cons'i u i >n or the laws to
ju-t'ty him in this position. Did he understand
the argume ¡t of the gentleman to be that, because
these five New Jersey gentlemen, on their way
heir, might be discharged lrom arret under color
of th?ir r ght as members of the House, this
rave them a right? Where did the gentleman find
that the deci>ton of a jidge, or even of the chief
justice h<mself and all his associates, was authority
t) bind the Hou^e of Representative?, acting under
ihe power given them by the Constitution? To a
certain tscent, Ihese gentlemen, with the commis-
S'ons of the Governor of New Jersey in their
pcc'ttls, had the rights ard privileges of members,
while on their way to the seat of Government; but
that gafe them no tight which they did not pos-
sess. Here Mr. D. quoted the case of Hammond,
a member from Ohto, decided by the House of Re-
presentatives, in which the question was raised
with reffard to the time when membership com-
mence!'; and referred to Ihe very able report made
by Mr. John W. Taylor, of New York, in that
case. There it was decided that membership, so
far as this House was concerned, did not com-
mence until the gentleman had actually taken his
seat in it.
Mr. D. next entered into a refutation of Mr. Sza-
grant's position, that there never was any interreg-
num of the House of Representad ves.but that it was
a perpetual body. This he denied. One of the first
distinctions he had ever learned between -the
two Honses, was, ihat the Senate was a
perpetual body, but ihat the House ceased
to exist with ihe expiration of the term for
which its members were elected; and that at every
Congress there was a new House of ReprfS-nta-
lalives. He no more believed in theunbio'ten
succession of ihe House of Representatives, than
he did in the unbroken succession of the line of the
Popes from St. Peierdown to this t me,
Mr. D. said he had shown before, ihat ihey were
n< t to look to the body of the representatives of a
Stale as  Ihe   representation of  the Sate itself,
boi    to   look   at   it,   under   the    Constitution,
as  the   representation    of   the   people   of  thai
State. Gentlemen seemed to have great fears about
going into conflict with the laws of a State; but,
raid Mr.  D. there are decisions of this House,
which, Coding State iaws standing  in the way of
the Constitution, have  set them aside; and this is
not going into conflict with Ihe laws ot that Stales,
bat merely parsing them  by, because they did not
conform to the Constitution.     Mr. D. quoted  Ihe
case of Mr. Barney of Maryland,  whose seat was
contested, to show ihat the House set a<ide a law of
the Slate of Maryland, requiring a qualification as  j
to residence, which was not required by the Consti-  11
totion; Ihat instrument requiring only the member   h
to be, when elected, an inhabitant of tne State from   i
which he is chosen. But gentlemen would perceive I
the absurdity to which they would be driven, by con-  I1
tending that the enactments of aStateare bind neon   i
the H jose of Representatives, as to the elections and
returns of its members.   If, as gent!¿üácn say, these  I
certificates and s'als are conclusive &s to tne raht
of those pesenting them   h w coaiá íVie rfouse
judge of such elect ons and returns, S3 ic is soiely
empowered to do by t e Constitution?    If this doc-
trine of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is in ac-
cordance wi h what he conceives to be the States
Rights doctrines, it was a species of nnüiflcation,
he ap,rehe'ided, that his Sta'es Rights friends
would not g > for The Null fic.Uton p<rty, a-he
understood, (at 'he sime time appealing to Mr.
Pickens,) inte posed the State's sovereignty to ar- ¡
restan u constitutional law; but this nulhtfing I
the Consti uti n of the United States by aSttte
ena-tment, as tle gentleman fi<m Penrsyvania
won d now ha--e it, was going firther than any
Njllifier he ever heard of was dsnosed ti g'1.
Thu* much as to the rights of the State . He flat-
tered h'ms It that all the State Rights gen'leinea
were now with him.
But gentlemen asserted that some persons must
lake their seats as members from Ihe Stale of New
Jersey bel ore the House can deeide the matter. "I
should like" (said Mr. D.) "for gentlemen to show
me their authority for this. I should like to know
when it was decided that a member must take his
seat before it can be d> cided whether he is enli led
to it " Mr. D. here referred to the decision in the
case of Mr. Edwards of Maryland, to show the
error of this position; and also, for the same pur-
pose, referred to ihe case of Mr. John Richards, a
member from the State of Pennsylvania, in which
case the Governor of that Slate acted with much
more deliracy and moderation than the Governor
of New Jersey; for he gave the commission to
neither of ihe contending parties, but left
the controversy to be decided by the H>use.
11 Now in thu New Jersey case the refusal of
| the Governor to give his certificates wou'd not,
I in the least, have prejudiced the claims of
those gentlemen to whom he did give them;
1 for they would still have had the same rights which
they now possessed, and on which only the House
was competent to decide. This book, [holding up
Ihe volume cf contested election cases,] said Mr.
O. is full of cases in which the House has counted
the votes, either where the authorities of the States
refused to count them, or where they were return-
ed too late to be counted under the State law '.
He would not undertake here to define what was
meant by Ihe phrase "prima facie evidence;'1 but
he was grossly deceived it it meant any thing
mora than first blush evidence, and became good
only in the absence of testimony to controvert it. i'
You cannot, then, said Mr. D. where there is clear,
strong and impartial tesiim ny staring yon in the
face, impeaching rhis prim* fa it evidence, con-
clude that you will not give it a hearing, without
violating every pnncip'e of justice, as wdiasof
the Constitution of the United States.
After having shown  the power of the H use to
examii e into all the n turns < f its m mbe s, both
primary and ultimate, Mr.  D. would merely say
tha> if ihe ce tific.tes of the Secetary of State s.re
not evide. ce in thu c se, it was twice dec ded  la
the House n the case of Spa'di g and Mead that
th*y wer,.; and (u th r, thai this was he first time
tnat the certificate and seal of an i nice of record   i
was not cinsidered go d   evidence with  regard t>    j
the records in that offic.    lie had  briefly touched
on the punts invo ved in th sc ise, for the purpose
of showing that the Hou e  oug't not to rtsolve
with this inconsiderate, he won d not say indecent,
haste, ilnt they uould not bok into the ímporUnt
test m my i utea'-hing ih.se certificates but o-ight
to   makeup its  d cisión after a   full knotle'ge
of  ail  the evideice belorging to ths case.     He,
Mr. D.|wa« for goir.g regularly into an examina- .
lion   oí    th s case,   and   fir   g nng   into   it   in
a tangible  form.    He was   for permitting  both
parties to  be  heard on their trial.    Believing thi¿
to be Ihe course required as well by expediency as
by justice, he would not, even if he thought these   |
five New Jersey  gentlemen had the right to the    ¡
returns, vote for the proposition of his colleague;
for it would not be right nor just to prejudge the   |
case  b?fore ascertaining all the facts connected   I
with it.    He hoped, therefore, ihat it would be the
pleasure of the  House to have the whole   case
fanly brought b fore them, and then, after hearing
both pait e«-, discms it calmly and deliberately, and
decide  upon it  with  a full understanding of its
merits.    Mr.  D. said   that he  was for going into   i
an exammati >n of this question through the me-
dium of a comm ttee.'both f r the sake of conve-
nience, and for the sake of bunging all the evi-  '
derxe more clearly within the view of the members
of thit b dy. This would be in conformity with the
precedent established in the case of Mo re and
Letc' c, wl ere it was solemnly deeideJ that, pend-
ing the controversy neith r party should be per-
mitted to qualify He be'ieved there was not a
singe exception in cises deeded in ei her branch
ol Ci ngre s, where gentlemen t resenting them-
selves and whose credential w<re obj-cted t>,in
which the matter was not referred to a committee,
who le orted bef re there wis any fuither action
upon it. The book was full of such cases, and
gentlemen, with all their ingenuity, could not find
a s nglf case in wh ch a contrary course was taken.
He (ourd caces where t e Governors ' f States had
commissi >ned members, and where they were n t
permitted to qua'ify, but were sent with th ir cre-
centials to a c mmittee. Where no question with
regard t  the credentials was raised, the mem-
ber presenting them was always permitted to
qualify, of course; but whenever the que-tion
was raised to the validity of their commission,
th«y were not suffered to qualify until it was de-
cided that they were entitled to their seats. Mr.
D. in this part of bis argument, read the case of
Mr. Landon, in the Senate of the United Stales in
March, 1825, by wh'ch it appeared thai Mr. L'á
Credentials having been objected to, he was not
permitted to qualify, but the matter was referred to
a commit'ee.
Mr. WISE. What wen the objections to Mr.
London's credentials?
Mr. DROMGOOLE. Not that they were in-
formal—not that they were not signed by the Go-
vernor, accompanied by the broad seal of a so-
vereign State, but that the Governor had no right
to give them. In the case of Mr. Landon, there
was a proposition that he should be permitted to
lake the oath, and it was rejected, and his creden-
tials were referred to a committee. There was,
also, a long list of precedents to the same purport,
which he wonld not lake up the time of the House
by reading, though he wou'd cite one of the
cases to show that, wh're the objection was raised
as to the credentials, ihe Hoosa went into an ex-
amination of them through the agency of a c >m-
mitt-e. [Mr. D. tere read a case of a member
f.om the State of Ohio, in which this c use was
taken by the House.] la all cases wh°re no ob-
jections were raised .t> the credential., 'he member
was pe-mi ted to qualify; but in every case in
which ol-j cti< ns had b e  made to thtm, they
were no* permitted to thke th ir -eat< till the val -
dity of th ir credentials was d cid-d on.
If the doctrines for whici gentlemen co tend,
that these cer lfi ates, no ma ter how obtained, will
give a seat in tms Hou e, ^hou d prevail, you wdl
strike a fatal blow at the fie d m of elec-
ta n  and the purity of a repre entative Go-
vernment? It is th s e'ective franchise, Mr.
D. snJ, and the lelef of Ihe pe p e hat
they may, through it, of mht, cany out the
De.-nocratic pr ncip e, and do what they cannot
do but m their primary^ a sembües, that is the su est
safeguard of our liberties. But, said Mr. D. if you
establish the princ p!e that the credentials given by
the 8iate authontes, no matter ho v fraudulent—
no matter how much at variance with the will of
the people of the Stale, as exptesstd in the elec-
tions, snail outweigh the popular voice, you strike
a stab ?t the existence of the elective iranchise,
and destroy every principle that makes Democracy
both lovely and practicable.
Mr. D. in conclusion, denied that excluding
the New Jersey members till their credentials were
inquired into, would be disfranchising Ihat State.
If her members presented themselves wuh creden-
tials, which there was good reason to diubt ihe
validity of, it was her misfortune, and the
fault of her authorities; but the House was
nevertheless bound tt  exercise the power vested
in it by the Constitution, and to examine into
all the evidence connected with them. If you
decide, said Mr. D. that we must, ex neces-
sitate rei, permit these eentlemen to take their seats
here, and, through iheir agency, laws may be
p^sed detrimental to Ihe rest of the Union, and
th°n afterwards, upon an investigation, decide that
iher are not entitled to their seats, I ask, said
