CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1839.

BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WFFKT.Y..........
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.

[Continuedfrom No. 4 ]
nistering of oaths, and to the 6 h article of the Con-
stitution of Ihe United States, when
Mr, TURN ¡L Y rose to a point of order, and in-
quired if it was in order to dtbate this question?
The CHAIR decided that it was debatable, but
the gentleman must confine himself to the question
of order.
Mr. TÜRNEY. Then there is no end to this
question.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON then proceeded with his
remark?, referring to several auihotities to show
that the Spícake i was bound to administer the oaih
to the New Jersey members holding the Gover-
nor's ceriificite.
The CHAIR again interrupted the gentleman,
and desired that he would confine himself to the
point of order which he had raised.
Mr. JOHNSON again proceeded with his re-
marks, and contended that the previous question
could not be put, when
Mr. JAMESON called him to order, and in-
quired the state of the question.
The CHAIR said he  understood the gen'leman
to raise a question of order, as to the right of the
gentleman from Virginia to move the previous
question. Under the general parliamentary law, the
Chair felt constrained to say that the previous ques-
tion was a question which must govern the House.
But the previous question, under that general law,
wasa different thing from the previous question uc-
dertbe rules of the last House. In regara to the duly
of the Chair in swearing the New Jersey members,
which had  been referred to by the gentleman, he
would   say   that   he was  merely   the   organ   of
the   House,   and  whether   it   was a   House  de
jure, or   a House  de facto,  was not a   question
for him to decide; but r-eiug its organ,  he Was
bound to carry out the decisions which it hid made,
and which were staring him in the face.    Tais was
the opinion of the Chair; and if ihe gentleman de-
sired t sustain contrary views, he  must appeal
from thi* decision.
Mr. JOHNSON then appealed from the latfr
part of the decision of the Chai a, and was proceed-
ing again to refer to lhi authorities before him,
wbeu
Mr RIVEScalled him to or'er, because he was
pursuing the same course of argument which the
Chair had decided to be out of order.
Tne CHAIR said ihe gentleman must confine
himself to the point of order.
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded, and was reading a
clause from the law of New Jersey on the subject
of the elections, when
Mr. JAMESON rose to a point of order. He
contended that if gentlemen were permitted to
take an appeal from but a single point of the deci-
sion of the Chair, they might appeal on fifty dif-
ferent points in decision, and theie wou'd be no
end to the question. He thought the gentleman
was begging the question by the-course which he
was pursuing.
Mr. JOHNSON then wiihdrew his appeal, and
submitted a point of order in writing, that the gen-
tleman from Virginia could not make his motion
when there were five number* at the bar de-
manding to be sworn.
The CHAIR. If the gentleman withdraws his
appeal, the question is upon the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I withdraw my point of
order, and renew the appeal. Mr. J. was again
proceeding to read the law of New Jeisey, when,
The CHAIR called him to order.
Mr. CAM! BELL of Tennessee moved that the
gentleman from Maryland have leave to proceed
with his remark , which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON then addressed the House at
length upLin his appeal, contending that the C ¡air
was bonnd to swear in the members from New
Jersey having the Governor's certificates, and re-
fen ing to a great many authorities under the arti-
e'es of Confederation, the Constitution of the United
Slates and the State Constitu'ion.
Mr. ADAMS next obtained the floor, expressed
his intention of addressing the House, and moved
an adjournment.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS called for the yeas
and nays on ihe adjournment; which were ordered,
and were—yeas 117, na)s 107.
The house then adjourned.
of this House, and on that motion moved the-
previous qnrs'ion.
WISE ra's~d a point of order, whether any
Mr.
IN SENATE,
Friday, December 20, 1839.
A message was received from the President of
the Ur.ited Stater, and being of an Executive cha-
rarter,
Tne Senate went in into an Executive s-ssion,
and afterwards,
AdjourceJ.
V
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, December 20, 1839.    -
The question pending was on an appeal taken by
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] that
a proposition could be submitted while there were
members of the House waiting to be sworn.
Mr. CHAPMAN said that he had made a mo-
tion the other day to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution for the adoption of rules had been
laid on the table, which motion had been entered,
ar.d on yesterday he had moved that this motion be
taken up, but it had been decided by the CirArB
ihat it could not be taken up while the motion then
pending, which was the resolution of Mr. Wise,
was before the House; that resolution, however,
had been withdrawn and another moved, and he
held that his motion to reconsider had precedence
of this lat'er mofion.
The CHAIR stated that the motion had been en-
tered oa the journal, he presumed, to enable the
gentleman to bring it up at a future time. The
Chair, however, was of opinion, on an examina-
tion of the subject, that the right to make that mo-
tion was given under the rules of the House, which
had not )et been adopted, it beiog a motion not
known to the parliamentary law. He would, how-
ever, surgest to the gentleman that he could obtain
his object by moving that the rules if the last
House be adopted for the government of this body,
which motion would bi in order at any time when
there was no motion pending. At present,
however, there was a question pending on an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair, taken by the
gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. JAMESON. Do I understand the Chair
to say that the motion to reconsider is not known
to the parliamentary law?
The CHAIR. That is the impression of the
Chair.
Mr. JAMESON said, if gentlemen would refer
to the baok, they would see that that was one of
first established principles of parliamentary law.
It wasof far older dates than the rules of the House.
If, therefore, the Chair still held to the opinion ex-
pressed, he wduli feel bound to take an appeal.
Mr. BR'GGi contended that the question be-
fore the Hoiifc was a question of privilege, there-
fore a motion to reconsider ciu'.d not be made
until it was disposed of.
Mr. POPE said the first business under the Con-
stitution which could come before the House, was
the election of a Speaker, and the next was the
swearing in of the members. Now, as the mem-
bers had not all been sworn in, no other business
could come up, until that was deposed of.
Mr. VANDERPOEL inquired whether the ques-
tion of priorily of business was not under the con-
trol of a majority of the Hou<e, and whether, if
the majority desired to adopt the rules of the rules
of the Hou-.e, they could not do so now, or at any
time.                                           ,    ,
The CHAIR thought it was in the power of the
majority of the House to adopt rules.
Mr. VANDERPOEL then moved that the rules
of the last House be adopted for the Governmeat
rrotion could be made until the question befare the
House was disposed of.
The CHAIR decide 1 that the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York could not be made while
there was another question before the House.
Mr. CHAPMAN appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. ADAMS, who was entitled to the floor on
Mr. Johnson's appeal made yesterday, claimed
the floor, and proceeded to address the House.
Mr. CHAPMAN called the gentleman from
/Massachusetts to order.
Mr. H JFFMAN then rose, and said, if gentle-
men were d-sirous of adopt'n  rules to prevent dis-
order in the House, and relieve the Chair from
emcarrassme t, witaout having any other object in
view, hi would submit a proposition, which would
effect the des'red object. Mr. H. th*n presented
a resolution, wh;ch was read, that the ru'es and or-
ders of the last Congress be adopted for the govern-
ment of this House, except the last rale, [the viva
voce rule ]
Mr. VANDERPOEL. The viva coe« rule is
one of great importance, and there can be no gojd
retson for laying it asiae at this time. If the mr-
t:on which be had made a few minutes ago was
in order, he desired that it m'ght be put to the
Hoa>e.
Mr. ADAMS object d to the introduction of
any resolution for the adoption of ru'es until the
House had organized according ti the Cunsttutinn
and laws of the Unite! Stat s. By the act of 22il
May, 1832, " the House of Representatives shall
be composed of members elected"—
Mr. VANDERPOEL cal ed the gentleman U
order. He had mide a motion, which had been
entertained by the Chair, and the gen'leman could
not speak on another question.
Mr.'ADAMS sa'd he was speaking to a point of
o d r, whi h hid precedence of the o h«r.
The CHAIR ?aid the gentleman from Massa-
chu'e ts must take his seat. There was a point of
order now before the Chair oh an appeal taken
by the gent eman from Alabama.
Mr. ADAMS. Doe? Ihe Chair decide that
wh le I am speaking on a point of order, that
anoher p>int of order can be made which will
override the one I am speaking onl
The CHAIR said he had decided against a cer-
tain motion. The gent'eman from Alabama had
appealed Tram that decision, and the Chair was
bound to entertain that appeal.
Mr. ADAMS. Ih n I may make another point
of order, and if the Chair decide* against me, I
may appeal from that decision, and it will take
precedeac*. An ther gestleraan may then raise
anoth°r point and appeal, and so we may go on
in an eternal wheel, without there being t ny end
to the mate 1.
Mr. CH IPMAN said that the p: int he riad
made was with regard to the priority ot business",
and if the Chair en ertained bis mot on, it was in>
possible for gentltmen to ovedeap it and snpersidc
it with sirnething el^e.
Mr. ADAMS contended that the very point he
was desirous of discussing, was with regard lo the
priority of business. It was that the House could
do no other business, until all its members were
sworn.
Mr. CHAPMAN then rose, and stated that as
the gentleman from Massachusetts was anxious to
occupy the floor, and as he had been requested by
several gentlemen to withdraw his motion, he would
do so, giving notice, however, that he would bring
it it forward again at the earlest perio 1 possible,
and he hoped no objection would then be made to if.
Mr ADAMS, who was entitled to ihe floor on
ihe point of order raised by Mr. Johnson of Mary
land, contended  that it was not competent for the
House '.") en'ertain the previous question, or any
ether motion, while the question of the right of
