CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the New Jersey members tobe sworn was pending.
Mr. A. then examined the constitutional question
[in reply to Mr. Pickens] as to the power , of the
Hou^e over the returns, elections, and qualifica-
tions, of the members.   He argued at souie length
agamst the principles advanced by that gentleman
as to the distinction between the leturus and ihe
elections.   He said that a majority of the House,
at that stae of the proceedings, was not sufficient
to decide the question of ngni, inasmuch as the
effect of the decision was tantamount to «.n expul-
sion, which rfquired, by the Conshtu ion, a vite of
two-thirds.    1 hat decision, he said, was illegal,
unconstitutional, null and vtid, on the ground,
also, that   the   House,  in its then uno gamzed
state,    had   no    power,    under    the   Constitu-
tion, to dec de any question; and that, even under
its present  partial   organization,   had   not   the
power to declare that the  gentlemen from New
Jersey with the Governor's certificates sh uld nut
participa'e in the further organization of tt.e House,
because, upon the principles of the Const tution at<d
the laws, these gentlemen stocd upon the same foot-
ing as the ether Representative!), and could be ex-
peJed with the same propriety, by an cbjtci.on be-
ing ra sed by those the House had excluded.   He
then repl.ed to some of the arguments which hid
been advanced as to the respect which should be paid
to the broad seal of a State, and said that it was not the
mere seal which claimed the respect of ihe House, but
the principle which lies under it.    The  power
which formed the seal could break it and substitute
some other form if it pleased, but it was the form
adopted by that Slate to make its power known
here, and as such should be acknowledged by us.
The seal was the proof of recoid.and was the only
evidence of record  which would claim the atten-
tion of any couit of justice—it was with courts the
highest authority—it was the proof of record which
was acknowledged, and belonged to all fc.vil zed
nations.   The question now, he said, was whether
the Hoose was willing   to destroy  this  highest
kind   of   evidence,   and    whether   the   power
of  that    S'ate    should   be    acknowledged   by
the  test evidence it could produce of its sove-
reignty;   that these   members bearing   this seal
could not be rejected, without rejecting ihe evidence
and the seal.   Tne seal, he said, bore upon   its
face no fraud, but gentlemen had suspicions that
there was fraud behind it, but  were unwilling to
•xtend their suspicions to ihe ballot box, where
there was fraud by illegal votes.    He did not
know which of   the suspicions was loundeJ in
truih, whether in íl egal vi tes, or in making the re-
turns; and it was a ques'ion  which was to be de-
cided by the House as judges hereafter; and, in
the  mean time, the   gentlemen with   certificates
should have their seat-.   He saiJ, to support him
in this position, he had higher authoriiy   than
the law of the Brukh   Parliament, wmcb   had
been so frequently cited.     He  had   the autho-
rity of   Blackstone,   which goes   so far  as   to
say that if even a sheriff or reluming officer
should be bribed to return a person other than the
one elected, that the person thus returned should be
permitted to take and occupy his seat until the re-
turn should be proved illegal.     This, too, was a
part of the law of Parliament.     Mr. A. after ar-
_ going on ibis principle for some time, hoped that
this question wonld be settled, not by arbitral y
will or power, but by adjudication.   He congratu-
lated the House on the selection it had made of
Speaker; that he had been taken from neither of
the great contending parties.     He considered it a
Providential interference that this election had ter-
minated in the same way as if the five New Jersey
gentlemen had been permitted to take their seats;
it was an act of retrtbu ion on the party that ex-
cluded them.
Mr. ADAMS had continued for some time with
his remarks, and had been discussing the merits of
the principal question, reviewing the course of the
House in regard to the New Jersey election cases;
when
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS rose to a point of
order, which he reduced to writing, as follows:
Because the question before the House is on an
appeal irom the decision of the Chair, that "the
motion to take the previous question is not in order
until the rules of the House are adopted, and when
there are members present who desire to be sworn;"
and the gentleman is discussing the merits of the
New Jersey election, and reviewing the proceed-
ings of the House on the New Jersey election.
The SPEAKER gave it a* las opinion that it
was not competent for a member, while addressing
the House on the question-of the appeal, then be-
fore it, to enter into the merits cf the mam question.
He had allowed (the Speaker said) the «.entleman
from Massachusetts to indulge in a g eater latitude
of debate ttm was consistent with parliamentary
aw,because,on the same question of order as was now
raised, the House yesterday permitted the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] by almost a
unanimous vote, to take a very wide rang-j in the
course of his remarks. As to the point of order,
however, was now raised by the gentleman Irom
Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas,] the Chair must re-
iterate his decision of yesterday, and say that the
gentleman from Massachusetts was not in order.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS then moved that the
gentlemau from Massachusetts be perm t ed to go
on with his remark , in order, and proceeded to give
his reasons lor the motion.
After some remarks from Messrs. POPE, JA-
MESON, and MERCER, and a repetition ot his
decision by the CHAIR,
Mr. JAMESON stated the question a* he under-
stood it. The gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Johnson] yesterday took an appeal Irom the deci-
sion of ihe Chair, that he could entertain the mo-
tion for the previous question while the point of
order raised by him in relation to ihe swearing in oí
the New Jersey members was before lam. This
being ihe ample quesiun before the House, he
would object to the gentleman from Massachusetts
travelling out of the line of debate prescribed by
the Speaker. The gentleman from Massachusetts
ought not le be permitted to speak on the meiixsof
the main question, and ^pin out his argument on
matters which they had heard repeated one thou-
sand limes.
Mr. MERCER iaiJ he knew not whit right a
member had to move that anotner member should
be permitted to proceed with hts remarks, when ha
had not been pronounced by the Chair io be out
of order. The motten of ihe gentleman irom Ma-
ryland [Mr. Thomas] was out of order, and was
not sanLt oned by any of the rules ol the House.
The SPEAKER informed ihe gent.eman from
Virginia, [Mr Mehcer,] tha hs had pronourced
ihe member from Mas achuaetts to be out of ord< r;
b-t, at the same time, staled than he had permuted
him to indulge in aAv.de mnge in the cjurse of his
remarks, becau e ihe House ytslerday p rmiittd
the gent eman from Maryland to  tike  th3  same
coime.   The member frooi Maulan I having now
ra's d the point of crder wita regard to the c uise
of the remarks of the gent e.nan from Ma^acha-
setts, the Chair was obliged to pronounce ihe lat-
ter out of order.
After a few remarks from Mr. MERCER,
The SPEAKER said he conceived  the gentle-
man from Maryland to have appealed fiorn that
decision of the Chair wh.ch permitted the previous
question to  be cailed in the present condition of
of the House—that is, as staled in the point of
order raised by the gentleman from Maryland,
when there were members here from the  Slate
of New  Jersey,  waiting  to   be sworn.     Now,
the.   view which   the   Chair gave ot that ques-
íon  yesterday, and  which  he  still  entertained,
was, that   the very  question which   they   were
trying, was  the question of  the right of these
gentlemen to be sworn, and to arrive at the decision
of that question, they must proceed according to
the rules of parliamentary law.   One of these par-
liamentary ru es was the previous question; and
the Chair, by deciding that the previous question
could be entertained,    gave   a   decision   which
would facilitate that of the main question.
Mr. BYNUM rose to ask the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Thomas] to withdraw his question
oí order, and 10 permit the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to pneeed with his remarks. He was
tired, he said, 0f this continued game of "hide and
seek.' We have, said he, been go ng on for weeks
in a useless and interminable debate, and are ho
nearer 10 the end than when we stai ed. There ap-
peared to be a d sposi'ion on the part of many mem-
bers to me t this question, and he, foi une, wvs
will ng an I ie-id) to meei i>. The argument hitheito,
ha i b°en on'y moic side; and he thought it w i
time for s ineth ng to be sad on the ott.ci. The
g nlemaniioin Massachusetts was proceeding to-
day prec sely as t cgentleman fian Man land was
rernviteJ to do y<st i ta\, by aiialmo-l unanimous
vo e (1 the Hi us ; and he w oulJ ?sk, then, wheir
wo s the propriety of calinga gentlem m tooidu
for taking too ' wide a range in his remark-,
and then, by a solemn vote of tl e House,
permitting him to go on with them, and
take as wic'e a range as he pleased?
Tms, he thought, was too much like tnfl ng
with t! e so lous questions before ihe body. It ihe
gent'tinan from Massachusetts \\¿s permit led to
go on, by a vole of ihe Hou-e, would it not t( un-
just to the rest of the memb ra to relu-e tl em per-
missun to answer him. He roped, theu lore, th*
gei.t'einan li\m Midland weuld wuh iraw h ,
po.nt ot ordtr, and ¡hit the gentleman Irom Ma-,
sachus'tls, by 'hs geneial consult of the H.u-e,
might be permitted logo on wih the unvsi lati-
tude, and that these who w^ned to answci hi u
might be allowed fie sime privilege. If the ge -
teman could not be an>weied, he woul t be wi-
hngtovo'e with him; but the gentleman cou d
be "answered, add he, ior ona was ready to answer
him.
Mr FRANCIS THOMAS ol served that the
gentleman list up [Mi. Bvnum] had expíe sed a
wish io paiucpata in this d bate, and theie were
other gentlemen, aNo. who wished to engage in it
He was viell aware of this, ard(oi t' is nason, lie
had interpo edhis point of order to arrest tne wide
range he debate was- t?k'Ug, and to confine gentle-
men to the single question before the House. It was
with the grea'est re uctance he had wterpo&ei lo
arrest the course the gentleman fn m Massashu-
setts xtas taking, and he did it with greater reluc-
tance than he would so act towards any member i f
that Hou-e. Bat he did it because, if the deba'e
was suffered to take this latitude, ihere would be
no knowing wheie it would end, and the great inte-
rests of the nation would be neglected. He voied
yesterday for his colleague to proceed in order, and
would vote to-day that ihe gentleman from Massa-
chusetis might hi permitted to proceed in like man-
ner. His object was, however, that every gentle-
man who took part in the discussion should be
restricted to the limits prescribed by the Speaker;
that is, confine himself to a discussion of the ques-
tion immediately before Ihe House. The Chair had
prescribed what the limits were to wheh the de-
bate should be cot fiaed. The sole topic of d scus-
tion would be, whether, in the discretion of the
Chair, the pailiameiiary laws arc binding on this
body; and it so, was the previous qa<?«ti-n within
Unparliamentary law. Tms was a lmited ques-
tion, and he hoped the debate would b: confined
lo i.
Mr. BELL hoped the House wonld get t' roug-
this difficulty without discussing points unneces
sanly. If ihe proposition of the gentleman from
N< rth Carol na should be acceded to, the debite
could go en; if not, he should then insist
upon i his proposition. Even after the second
by the House of the previous qutst.on, ihe sub-
ject would ba open to d seussion, and the
gentleman from Massachusefs would have the
privilege of moving an amendment of Ihe proposi-
tion before them, and on that amendment he
could discuss tha merits of the question with as
much latitude as ha pleased. Mr. Bell here ex-
plained the difference between the previous ques-
tion, as known to the parliamentary law, and the
previous quemón contained in the rules of the
House of the last session, and quoted Irom the 2d
volame of Hatsel's Precedents to show the correct-
ness of his position.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS said to the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] that the House
was now ¿bout to decide upon the validity of the
decision given by the Chaik, that the previous
question could be entertained by the House. The
Chair had decided that.by the parliamentary law.the
question could be entertained, and from that decision
