70
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
zac
tleman himself was in the Speaker's chair, that
the party of the Executive,  with  which he acted,
and of which  he was the acknowledged head, had
that tremendous majority here, which seemed des-
tined then to «weep  over all th<> dearest righ's of
the country.   The gentleman from Tennessee [ Vlr.
Bell] then acted in  concert with that great party
whose strong organization trampled,  without re-
morse, over a varquu-hed minority.    He recol-
lected those times well, and ielt the power of the
organization which the gentleman from Tjnne- .ee
was then suppes-d to support.   He is the la*t man
that ought to a^k when this viva voce question was
introduced. I voted at that time, said Mr. P. against
this viva voce principle of voti.12, preferring the old
fashioned Republican priucip'e of voting by ballot,
and when I am called upon to vote on this subject, I
shall vote for that principle again—but I shall not
do it for the reasons the gentleman has offered.
Does he suppose that I am to be overawed by Ex-
ecutive influence?   Does he suppose that I am go-
verned by any other principle than the interests of
my constituents?   Was there not an influence now
much more to be dreaded than that of the Execu-
tive on the members of this House?   We have
had, said he, a convention lately, er^an^d  under
a combiBat on of three powerful and dangerous in-
fluences, one of which was that of the bank.-,' inte-
rests that boded much more danger to the people
of this country than any the gentleman had alluded
to.   Sir, that party organization, produced by such
acenventi n, he looked opon as mote trrnble in
its sway, at this juncture, than any other.    Air. P.
said that he would always vote for the ballot sys-
tem, becau e he bel eved it to be the most republi-
can; bat he thought it a direct insult to this House
to suppose thit there would be members here who
would be mean enough to give their votes one w ay
under one system of vottig, and another way un-
der another.    He remembered this  scenes of the
last night of the session ot '34-'35, when the three
million  appropriation  was urder  consi ieration,
and the conduct of the gentleman from Tennosee,
then the   head of  the   gr^at   Jackson   party in
this House, on that occasion, and   he   thought
that   the  gentleman  was   the  last    man  who
ought ever to talk of Exfcn ive influence.   He
trembled when he thought what might arise from
extraneous irflnences brought to bear npon the in-
dependence of this House.   As far as the ¡rrn sway
of Executive control is concerned, thank God ! w a
have the prospect of a change.    We have princi-
ples avotired, embracing the great doctrines of the
Conttuuiioi.   We have a prospect of reform and
regeneration.   It is folly and madness to attempt
to reform thi? Government by men.    You must
have great measures.   If you wish to strike at the
accumulation of power in   this Government, or in
the Executive,  strike at the fkcal action of the
Government: reform that, and you reform men.
The most we now have to dread is from those mo-
neyed combinations throughout the country, con-
nected with   conventions for political  puiposss,
calculated to bring down the independence of in-
dividuals and of this House at their mercy, and
to  absorb all society in one consolidated interest
for the benefit of the few, and at the pxpense of the
many.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he, toe, had the honor
of being a member of this House five years ago,
when this proposition, that all elections of cfficeis
by the House should be made viva voce, was intrc- j
duced; and  he had  the further honor of panic- 1
pating in the debates on that subject.  So important
did he  deem  this rule, which  his colleague [Mr.
Hcpfmin] proposed to exclude from the code, that
he would vote against the adoption of the entire
cod? unlers this  i«i voce provision  were retained.
Nor would he consent to adopt the very liberal and
magnanimous suggestion of his col'eajjue, when he
told us that  we might now adopt a 1 but the ele-
venth rulp, and then introduce the viva voce provi-
sion as an independent proposition.     He knew
weU what the consequence would, be if (his course
we'e adopted.    Day , weeks, and, perad venture,
months, wi u'd be  wasted here n the discussion of
this proposition, and no decision would be made till
after fhe elecfi >ns should have been had, which
gave the rule a practical character.   He meant the
elec'ion of Clerk, Printer, and all the other officers
of the Hou^e. It was, indeed, a great favor on the
part of his colleague, to g ve us the prm'ete of
adoptirg a m'e after the mischief against which it
was designed to provide was perf e rated.
Sir, said Mr, V. are we wiser than  our fathers'?
Did they not deem it important, with a view to our
accountability, to provide by a siciel constitutional
provision, that "the yeas and nays of the members
of ii her House, on any question, should, at  the
desire of one-fi, th of tho e  present, be entered on
the journal?" Uponev ry question, then, that comes
befoie us in our legislative capacity, no matter hotv
insignificant, one fitth of this House can hold  up
the other four-fifths to the gaze of their cotut tu-
ents.   Was it, then, in accordance wit'i the spirit
of the Constitution to skulk under the ballut, when
we entered upon the great and responsible wotk of
electing officers for this House, even  to  the office
of Speaker? It had been said that the people of this
country, our constituents, voted by ballot, and that
they regarded this, not only as their privilege, but
their   right,   and   that  the Commoners ot Eng-
land   were    now   contending    for    this    great
principle.      All   this   was   very   true;   but   did
nyi gentlemen   see,   in   reference   to   thu   ques-
tion, a manifest difference be'ween voting in  an
individual, and in a representative capacity.    When
the people undertook 10 exercise the great and in-
valuable right of ¡suffrage, they entered upon a wonr
of their own; they were then doing their own busi-
ness, and no one had a ng'itto inq 1 re how they exe-
cuted that business.    But every vo'e we gave here,
we gave in a representative capacity. We were the
creatures of our creators,  an.t  who  but our con-
stituents weie our creators?   We were agents, and
who but the peop'e were our principals? Responsi-
bility from the agent to the principal was dictated
by every consideration of regard for integrity and
justice; and he would enter his protect aeamst an
innovation  which lo«t sight of the great principle,
that it was right and unpor'ait that our doings
here should bs open, daylight doings,  such  as our
constituents could see, either for ptaise or condem-
nation.   He  never could, under these views, con,
sent to expunge the llih rule.
Mr. WELLER del net interd to detain  the
Hou-e long wi'h the few remarks he was a' out to
male.    He considered the question   to he so sim-
ple, that tut little needed lo Le said to íllus'iate it;
and therefore, what he was alout to say, would re-
fer principally 10 his own c ur e on t-.is occasion.
He intenited, as long as he remained a Repies^nta-
tive of the people, toat they shculd see 'he manner
in which he susUined himself in bis repr sentative
capacity, for he was not afraid to let his constitu-
ent-, be the judges of his conduct here.   Nay, he
was anxKUS that they si ou'd know t'.e manner in
which he discharged his duly to them, as he would
disJain to act as  the r  agent, unl^s his conduct
should meet  with   their  fu lest approbation.    He
who acts as an pgenr, (said Mr. W ) should be ac
countable t3 his principa'; and,  theieferv, iher.-
ccrds cf this Home ¡-hould show how ihe agents of
the people discharged the tn,s's cinfided to th m.
He stood here net her under Executive influence,
cor under the influence of banks. He thanked God
h° had no influences to operate on him lu' tha in-
fluences of ihose  who sent h'tn hpre; and  with
them   he   wculd   always   be  ready  to   make a
p-onapt   settlement   cf   their   mutual   accout ts.
Why should it be «aid  that thoie who prefer the
viva voce sys'cra of voting weie under Executive
influence?    He did not fear the Execut ve, or that
he would attempt an improper influence  over the
members of this Hutise.    II there was such a man
on this floor, Jet him avow if.    He did not believe
that tiis Executive or his predecessor was a tyrant
or ti-u-pcr.    He knew that it had been fo charged
in the columns of a corrupt press, but iIip p-op!e
of the country had prono .need ihe charge to be
'a'se and unf.iun fed.    Lie wa? under no such w-
flu'nee hurse f—he stjod here as a Ripresentatne
of the people, fearing  no influence whatever, and
he was not to be deterred from ti e course his
judgment approved, by violent poundings on the
desks or a flourish of arm-s.   There m g'it be men
he*e   who possessed more   physical power than
hmseIf, and, by pounding of dtsks and violent ges-
ticulat¡on, might attract more notice; but the-e
appliances would never de'er him from the coime
hs judgment approved. He repeated, that be wrs
under no influence etthei of the Executive or ot
U12 banks, and therefore wished every vo'e le
«ave to be openly proclaimed to the whole W( rid.
° Mr. BR1GGS -aid a lew words in reply to Mr.
Vanderpoel, and referred to the cases in the Con-
stitution where the ballot system of voting was
prescribed, arguing, from thence, that that system
was more in accord^n-e with Republican principles
and was sanctioned by the framers oí the Consti-
tuí ion.
Mr. CRAIG said, he d d net ccmpiehend the ap-
plicability of the rmiark of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]—the remark that the Ex-
ecutive he d up a wh p over this House. By what
part of the Executive was it held up? Was it by
the President, or some ot h s suton'mates—the
heads of Departments, or by what other brarch ol
the Executive? For h,sown patt, (=aid Mr. C)
he was unconscious of any such influence as that
indicated by the figure of '-ihe whip," except tint
which came from h.s constituents. To them, and
to then alone, he acknowledged himself to le le
3pon nle. Tne consumen body, and they alone,
had a right to inflct la h?s upon the members of
this House. The member-ol this House weiv the
mere agents of the people who had elected them,
and sent them here as their Representative?.. By
coirequ n-e, it was the rght of tne pciple to know
all th-"r actiiics at.d don s in this lull. How
could th1  pe iple approve or cen 1 in1, of our deeds
were conce ¡1 d fiom the in?
Mr. C. further sa d, thpre was but one class of
the community in whise pulit cal honesty he had
much confidence—that was that gieat class made
up of Ihe agticultunsts, mechanics, manufacturers;
in a word, that great cía s who lie at the founda-
tion of society, and who*e labors supply the fruits
upon which we all live, and are made comfortable.
Every day's experience anl observation seemed
but to confirm him in the opinion that there was4no
way of preserving our Repub ican institutions but
by keeping the conduct of the members of this
House fully open to the inspection of the people.
They, in the mass, are honest—they are virtuous—
they have no mtetest in e ror, and they will not
knowingly permit their liberties to be bartered
away under Executive influence, cr in any other
way. What oth;r motive can suggest th¿ secret
mode of vo ing by ballot, instead of the opin mode,
"ni*a roce," but a w sh to conceal our acts from
our constituents? It is not the dread of responsi-
bility to the Executive, but of responsibility to the
constituent body, that induces a preference of
the secret mode.
Let, said Mr. C. the idea generally obtain that
the House of Representatives may conceal them-
selves from the view of their constituents, and, in
1 his best judgment, the way will have been paved
1  to the downfall of popu'ar liberty.
At the polls each individual voter stands as one
j of the independent elements of Government—irre-
j sponsible to any person or authority whatsoever.
1 The mode of voting in the primary elections may
J therefore be supported by many strong arguments,
] but not one of these arguments is applicable to the
Representative. He is an agent, and responsible to
i his employers. The voter at the polls is indepen-
( dent, and ought, it might be said, to have the
I means, if he wished to do so, of concealing for
1 whom he had voted.
Forme ly, the mode of electing effbers in the
Legislature of Virginia was by ballot; but recently,
in a change cf the constituían of that State, that
mnde had been repudiated. At this time, all elec
lions, whether in the Legislature or among the peo-
ple, are conducted on «the viva voce mode. This is
the favorite mode cf that State, and it cannet, it
seemed to him, occasion any surprise that her Re-
piesenta'ives should be in favor of its adoption
here.
Aft. r some remarks from Mr. WISE, in opposi-
tion to the amendment,
Mr. BYNUM exp-e-sed his regret at herring
gentlemen descant 111 the old wav about Executive
influence and Executive patronage. He hoped had
that ihe e7(n!  of the last five or six years would
