CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
tional copies be printed, making five thousand in
*U, whuh would enable each Senator lo c rculate
seventy copies of this impoitant and interesting do-
cument.
The motion was unanimously «greed to.
Mr. WRIGHT, agreeably to previous notic?,
ashed an! obtained leave to bring in a bill for the
relief of Willi .mil. Roberuon, Samuel H. Gar-
ro , and J. W. Simon'on; which was read twice,
and, with additional papers, referred to the Com-
mittee on Cemme ice.
Also, a bill f r the relief of Williaw A. White-
head, late a cillector of ens orrs at the port of Key
West; which was read twice, and, wih add t onal
pap rs, referred lo the Committee on Finance.
Also, a ti 1 more effectually to securo the public
money in the hands of ctliceisand agents of the
Government, and to pun^h public defaulters;
which was real twice, and refined to the Commit-
tee on Fiiianc , and ordered to te punted.
Mr. WALKER, igreeably to notice given,
  ked and obtained leave to bring in the following
bills:
1.  A bill to provide for a stand'ii* aul perma-
nent pre emp'ion system, with sales, also, U actual  i
settlers at reduced price .                                             I
2.  A bill lo relinqu sh to the Slate of Mississippi  :
the two per cent, fund arising unJer her compact
fi r admission into the ün on.
3.  A bill lo cede to the State of M ssissippi a
quantity of public land e^ual to that heretofore
grantei to the Slate of Ohio fir the pjiposes of. in-
ternal ímproveinen*.
4.  A bill to authorize the substitution of othrr
lands m place of school sections which aie useless
or unproductive.
5.  A Lili in ielalion to c rtain tai'uays and li-
vers in the State of M'sswippi.
"Wh'ch were everally read twice, and referred
to the Ci mmittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WALL, agreeably to notice given, asked
and obtained leave to bring in the following bills:
1.  A b.ll to amend an act entit'ed "An act more
effectually to provide for the pimi-hment of certaui
crimes against the United States, and for other
purpose-- "
2.  A I ill to prevent the counterfeiting of any
foreign copper, g->ld, silver, or otherjcoin, and to
prevent the bringing into the United Stales or ut-
fnn;any counterreit fore gn copper, gold, silver,
• other c Jin.
Which were severally read twice, and referred
to ihe C mmittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, agreeably to previous
not ce, asked and obtained leave t j bring in the
following bills:
1.  A bill p ov.ding for t«e reduction and gradua-
tion of the pace of toe public lands.
2.  A Iil to iehnquis'i to the Sta'e of Alabama
the two per cent, fund n served by the act for her
adm ssion in o the Union, to te applied to the
making of a road, or reads, leading to said. State.
3 A bill t j <s abl sh an additional land district
in the Stite of Alabama.
4. A bill supplemental to the act, ent tied "An
act to giant pre-emp'i"n rights to sellers on the
public lands," approved June 22,1838.
Which were severally lead twice, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PRENTISS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a b 11 to pro-
vide for the e-tabh.hment of a Board of Commis-
Moners to heir and dete mine cUims against the
United States; which was read twice and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Al-o, a bill granting a pension to Lemuel
White; and
A bill for the re'ief of Margaret Barnes, widow
of Elijah Barney
Which were sevetally read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRESTON, agreeatly to previous notice,
asked and obta'neJ leave to bring in a bill for the
rehpf of General Croghan and General Wool;
wh'ch was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PIERCE moved the reference of the petition
•Í David Given, on  the files of the Senate, with
the accompanjmg papers, to the Committee on
Finance
Mr. P. also gave notice that he would, on
to-mirrow, ask leave to introduce the following
bills:
A bi 1 for ihe relief of Joseph Basset.
A rid for the relief of Samuel Collins.
A till for the reLef of John S Billings.
A bill for the le'ief of Hanmh Leighton.
Mr. P. aho ofTtred the following resolut o«:
Resolved, That the Commitiee on Mil.tary Affairs
be us ruc'C'i to report, as soon as may be conve-
nient, a b 11 for >he equalization of the pay of the
officers of the line and the s aft of ihe army.
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of pievious notice,
asked ani obtained not.ce to bring m a bill to re-
in t such duties, and to cancel such bonds, as have
been required of persons engaged in the whale
fishery, to restrain ail future exactions of duties of
such ves-els and their ca-go-s; wh.ch was read
iw ce and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HUBBARD, in puisuance of previous no-
t.ce, asked and obtained leave to introducj the fol-
lowing bills:
A bill for the relief of Walter Loom;s and Abel
Gay; which was read twice, and referred to the
Cummitice en Claims.
A bill for the relief of Samuel "White; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. H. also presented the memorial of Tsaac
Brons n; which was read twice and leferred to the
Committee on Revoluuonary Claims.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, m pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to bung in a bill to au-
íhonze the pnrchat-e of the private stock in the
Louisville and Portland Canal by the Umted States;
which was read twice and referred to the Commit-
teecn Roads and Canals.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce
the following bill-:
A bill for tne telief of the legal representatives of
Col. Francis Vigo; which was read twice, and, with
accompanying documents, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill to author ze the New Albany and Mount
Carmel Railroad Company to enter, on a credit, a
quantity of land, to aid the company in the con-
struction of a railroad from New Albany to Mount
Carmel, Illinois; which was read twice, and re-
feired to the Committee on Roads and Canals
Mr. SMITH aho offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be ins'ructed to inquire m'o the expediency
of malu'jg an appropnat'on to continue the con-
s'ruc ion of the Cumberland road in the Sia'es of
Ohio, Indiana, and Iil<n is, the ensiv gy ar; and
tha' sud committee a so inquire in h  e fe1iency
of appropriating a sum of mon°y soffieient lo com-
ple e Siiiroid to Jefferson city, Missouri, to be
paid over to the several States, w thin whos- 
limits the road is lo be cons'ructed, in annual
instalments, as ih? same may be required to en-
sure an ecünomicil, energet'c, and s, eedy com-
pletion of the work: Provided, Th; S a'es will
pgree to accept the approrr a'ion, and apply it to
the object intense I, and discha'ge the Geneta! Go-
vernment from any fuither appropriations; And
provided, a'to, That the States have authority to
lay and ollect toll on said road, sufficient to keep
it in repair after i s construction; and sha'l allow
the arms and munitions of war of the General Go-
vernment to pass on the same toll free,
Mr. SEVIER, in pursuance to  notice given,
asked and obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills:
A bill for the rel'ef of Benjamin Murphy; and
A bilJ for the relief of Richard T. Banks;
Which were severally read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On mo'ion, the Senate then adj urned until Fri-
day next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, December 24, 1839.
PRESIDENT'S MES3AGE.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of Abraham Van
Buren, his private secretary.   [See Appendix.]
ceedmgs ]
After ihe reading of the message,
Mr. PETRIKIN moved that the message be
laid on the table and 10,000 copies printed.
Mr. VANDERPOEL hoped the gentleman
would not make the motion to print until a Printer
was elected.
Mr. PETRIKIN then withdrew his motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina renewed
the motion to lay on ihe tab'e and print.
Mr. VANDE8POEL objected to this motion be-
ing made until a Pr nter was elected.
Mr. WISE desned to have the message printed,
and cared not by whem it was done.
Mr. VANDERPOEL had no doubt, if a mo'ion
was entertained to print ihe message, a discussion
would spring up on it which would interfere with
the election of Punter.
Mr. WISE then moved to lay :he message on
ihe tab'e and print 5,000 copies, with accompany-
ing documents, and 15,000 copies without docu-
ments.
Mr. VANDERPOEL calle! for a division of the
question, so as to lake the question on the motion
to lay on the table Art.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to amend, "and that the
message, without the dccunieah, be printed w.thin
Amr days from this ume."
Mr. WISE ace pted this as a modification.
Mr. SMITH ol Maiue moved to amend by
aiding, "and that the M  ssaj;e be p intcd under the
direction of the Clerk "
Mr. STANLY moved to strikeout 20,000 ani
insert 6 000. A great deal bad bet n said by gentle-
men about economy in the expenditures, ani the
President had specially recommended it in I is mes-
sage. Then let the gentlemen tegm a system of
economy a' the threshold.
The moti n to lay the message on the table was
then agreed t >.
Mr TURNEY then moved to lay the mo'ion to
print on the table, with a view of proceeding to ex-
ecute the order of the House; winch mot on was
agreed to
The SPEAKER then laid before the House the
R port of Ihe S crrtary of the Treasury on the
finances, which was laid on Ihe table. He a'so
s ated that he had upon hi? table var ous other
repo'is and cornmun ca' ons from the Departments.
Mr. PETRIKIN proposed absolution for the
appo ntmf n  of the sanli g commi t*is; but the
SPEAKEll deci led that it « as not then in order.
The CHAIR then announce 1 the orJei of busi-
ness to be the election of a Punter
Mr. GIDDLSG3 then n oved to saip^nd the or-
der of bus>inrss for the p j pose of offeiuig the fol-
lowing reso'u ion:
Reso'ved, That it is expievsly understood that the
e esiion of Printer shall give to ihe persons elected
no rig'it to do ihe public printing for a longer time
than the House shall hereafter deem compatible
wi h the public interest
The CHAIR said the mo i in to postpone
would te in order, but the resolution of the gentle-
man would not be in order, because it was con-
trary to the aat of 1819, which specified the duties
of the Print- r and the time he was to serve.
Mr. FILLMORE inquire I if the electon cf
Print r was to take place by ballot, under the law
of 1819, or viva voce, under the rule ador ted by the
House.
air. DROMGOOLE said it wou'd be time
enough to c"ecde that question when it arose.
Mr. FILLMORE said they «erenow about to
execute the i rJer, and it was time it was known
how it whs to be executed.              ,
The CHAIR sud l.e had had some difficulty on
this subjec', tut his tpnon was that the mode
prescribed by the law ol 1319—namely, the elec-
tion by ballot—was t'..e mode to be pursued ly the
Hovjsj.
Mr. McKAY said he would stat", for the in-
formation oi the Chair and the House, what had
taken place in the Senate on this subject. The
reso'ution of 1819 not only said tnat ihe Printer
should be elected by ballot, but it went on to de-
clare that the person having the greatest numter of
