CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
5.  That foreign interference ar.d foreign influ-
ence, in all ages, has been the bane and curse of
free Government, and that such interference 8nd
influence is far mo e dangerous in the insidious in-
tervention of the monejed power, than in the forci-
ble invasions of fleets and arm e«.
6.  That to close the door at once against all ap-
plications for such assumption, and to arrest at
their source the va^t t de ot evils which would flow
from it, it isnecessaty that ihe con't tuted authori-
ties, without delay, shall RESOLVE and DE-
CLARE their utter opposition to the proposal con-
tained in the late London Bankers'Circular in re-
lation to State debt<, contract d for local and State
purpo-es, and recommending to the Congress of
the United States to assume, or guaranty, or pro-
vide for, the ultimate payment of said debt-*.
The r.so!uti< n, on m( tiun of Mr. B. was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAPPAN offered the following resclution,
wh'ch lays over:
Reso'vtd, That a committee of three members be
appointed, who, together with a like number to be
appointed by the House of Rf presenta uves, shall
direct the expenditures of all moneys appropriated
to purchase books for the Library of Congress.
Mr. FULTON offered the following resolution,
which wa< considered and agreed to:
Risohed, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing ports of entry on the western border of
the State of Arkansas, to be located on Red liver
and Arkansas river; and also of entitling all fo-
reign merchand.se exported over land from those
ports into Mexico, to drawback.
Mr. HUBBARD offered the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be in
structed to inquire into the expediency of amending
the acts of Congress Framing pensions for disabi-
lities incurred during the last war, so as to have;the
pensions of such invalids commence at the time
this disability was received.
Mr. YOUNG offered the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of of esta-
blishing a port of entry and delivery at the city of
Cairo, in the State of Illinois.
The following resolution, submitted some time
s'.nce, by Mr. TAPPAN, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, Tha* the Secretary of War be ¿i.ected
to report to the Senate:
1.  What would be the efftct upon the military
service of the country, ¡of a r. gu'ation by which
all officers of the army, on arriving at sixty years
of age, should be permuted to retire from service
upon half pay.
2.  What would be the probable annual charge
upon the Treasury of such a regulation.
The following resolution, submitted some time
since by Mr. DAVIS, was cons dered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to inform the Senate—
1. Whetherdutiestíave been exacted of any vessels
of the United States employed in the whale fishery,
for tonnage, or the r rod uce of such fishe.ies, and
if so, under what authority.
2.  What papers were furnished to such vessels
Wore they cleared, and were they such as have at
all times been granted to vessels thus employed.
3.  What amount of duties and chaiges have
been paid, what amount bonded, and are the bond 
now in force, and unpaid.
4.  Are duties now exacted of all such vessels as
they arrive, and what amount of fee?, if any, have
accrued to officers of the customs from this source,
and at what places.
On motion bv Mr. BUCHANAN, so much cf
the President's message as relates to our foieign
relations was reftrred to the Committee on Foreign
Relation .
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, so much of the
Presiden!'s message as te'ates to the fiscal affaits
of ire country was refeir^d to the Committee on
Finance.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, so much of the
the President's message as relates to military af-
fairs was referred to th« Committee on Military
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. WALL, so much of the Pre-
sident's message as relates to the judiciary was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. CLAY of Alabama, so much
of the President's message as relates to the militia
and the report of the Secretary of Wat was refer-
red to the Committee on the Militia.
On motion by Mr. NORVELL, so much of the
President's message ss relates to commerce was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. ROBINSON, so much of the
President's ire-s^ge as relates to the post offices
and post roads was referred to the Committee on
the Tost Office and Post Roads.
On nution by Mr. WILLIAMS, so much of the
President's message as relates to naval affairs was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FULTON, so much of the
President's message as relates to the public lands
was r< ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
On mot.on,
The Senate adjournel till Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, December 27, 1839.
The SPEAKER laii bef re the House a letter
from Hon. Charles Fenton Mercer, stitmg that
he had resigned his seat in the Htuse; which was
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER then laid before the Hou«e the
foll.iwing mes^pge fro.a tie Piesic'eat of the Uni-
ted State ; wh.ch was laid on the table:
To the House of Representatives of the Uniltd States:
I herewith communicate to Congress copies of a
letter from the Governor of Iowa to the Secretary
of State, and of the documents transmitted with it,
on ihe subj ct of a dispute respecting the bounda-
ry lice of Mi'souri. The disigreement as to the
extent of their respective jurisdictions has produced
a state of suth great excitement, that I think it ne-
cessary to invite your early attention to the report
cf the commissioner appointed to iun the line in
question under the act of the 18th June, which was
sent to both Houses of Congress by the Secretary
of State on the 30th of January last.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, Dec. 23,1839.
The resolution from the Senate providing for
the election of two Chaplains of different denomi-
nations for the two Houses, was taken up and con-
curred in.
Mr. HOFFMAN then submitted a resolution
to continue the rules and orders of the House in force
until the 10th of January; which was considered
and adopted.
Mr WISE submitted a resolution that the stand-
ing comm ttees of the House be now appointed by
the Speaker. Mr. W. explained that he used the
word now, in Ihe resolution, but it was understood
that the commutes would not be announced until
Monday. He wished further to say, thrcu h the
Spzaker, to his constituents, and he spoke to them
especially, that he did not desire, during th's s*s-
sion of Congress, to be placed on any of the stand-
ing comm,tees of the House; and he requested
that the Speaker might njt p'ace him on any of
those committees. He hoped the Speaker ani
the House would indulge h:m in tins request fir
private reason*, wh;ch it wes not cecessary for him
to divulge to ihe Hous . Mr. W's resolution was
then considered and adopted.
Mi. BRIGGS then moved that when the House
adjourn, it adjourn to meet again on Monday;
which motion was considered and adoptef
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
The CHAIR announced the next t
order to be to dispose of the resolution wit|
to the election of Printer.
The question pending was on three resolutions
submitted by Mr. Dawson: the first to postpone
the election of Printer to the l*t of Februar}; the
second to authorize the Clerk to employ a printer
in the mean time; and the th rj to appoint a com-
mittee to inquire whether the printing could not be
done ia a better and cheaper manner than at pre-
sent,
Mr. GIDDINGS was entitled to the floor upon
this question.
Mr. THOMAS said as there appeared to be a
number of members absent at the present time,
there had been some interchange of opinions on
this subject, and there appeared to be a general
disposition to adjourn this subject over until the
second of January, «hen there would probably be
a full attendance of members.
Mr. DAWSON gave notice to the House that
he would, when the subject comes up for conside-
ration, offer a resolution as a substitute for the
last resolution, which, in substance, proposes to
1 separate the public printing from political journals.
I      After some little conversation  between Messrs.
,| DAWSON, STANLY, BR GGS, THOMAS, and
!l GIDDINGS,
Mr. DAWSON modified his frsttworesoluticns,
as follows; and, thus modified, they were adopted
by the Hous-:
Resolved, That the order of the House in relation
| to tha election of a Printer, be posponed until the
!  10th day cf January next.
RtsoM, further, Tnat the Clerk of this House be
authorized, in the mean tirre, to supply some sur-
able person or persons to execute tlie necessary
pr.nting of ihis Hou^e, in the manner prescrib-d by
the joint reso'uton of 1819, until said 10th day of
January next.
The third reso'u'ion, which was in the following
w. rJs, was then postponed until the 10th of
January:
R'sohed, further, That a select committee be ap-
pointed, to inquire whether the public priming of
th s House cannot be better and cheaper done by
contract than by the existing mode.
Mr. CRABB then, at the request of the gentle-
man frf m Georgia, [Mr. Cooper,] moved to ri con-
sider the vo e by which the resolution of the Senate
relative to the appointment of Chaplains, was con-
curred in.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia said he should not
have troubled the House on this subject if it had
not been for the hasty manner in which this ques-
tion had been gotten up and disposed of. He had
long determined that, on a proper occas on, he
would present his views to the House on this sub-
ject wh ch had just carried, and hence it was that
he had asked a friend to move a reconsideration,
and he would now briefly state a few points of ob-
jection, to which he would ask the serious conside-
ration of the House. He relieved the prospective
interests of the country demanded that this subject
shou'd be thrown beyond the reach of this House.
He believed the Hou-e had proceeded in this mat-
ter without just and proper authority. He believed
that all the objects held in contemplation by
the resolution (or the appoin'ment of a chaplain,
from t me to time, had la led in practice. He be-
1 eveJ the effect of the r employment to be evil; he
bebeved that ihis was not the season to enter np n
such a duty, and tint this was not the rlace for it.
What w s the proposit on whi' h had ben adopted?
It wps for the appo.ntment of a chap'aio for this
House. Who is he? Is he an oflicer of this
House? By what authority do you appoint him? If
there was an authority, he w shed to be po nted
to it. By looking to the hts'ory of our legis-
lation, he found that in 1789, and «gain iu
1816, a resolution had been passed fixing the com-
pensation of officers Here is the only authority.
Now he eor.t nded that the objects of this appoint-
mer,*lnd entirely failed. What is the obji-c ? To
spfead abroad through the menace s of tl is House
J¿ wholesome moral itfluence. He appealed to
''grnt'rmen whether it did hive this effe t The
object was doubtles- to spread this beneficial irflu-
ence v\et this gteat couiiry. But, acccrJing tJ his
cbs' rvfction, the reflecuon of the religkus and mo-
r¡l p*Tt of ihe corrmuniiy where he íesided were
against the whele.-ome, moral effect of this a--
ro'ntment. Then, as he hid srid before, the ob-
ject of >hs appointment failed. What are the
efftcsofi? They seemed to b« evil. The moral
and political effecs of this appointment, he con-
tended, must be continually evil. Ite?30™1^
to be sure, proposed to elect two, chaplains otd,t-
ferent denominat ons, but  «"^'*?d£*^¡'£.
objected to it, became thi  matter of relióos d .
