84
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nominations should not he agitated in this House.
It night be true that no difficulty would aiise now
fa relation to this matter, but a time night
come when there vould be a difficn'ty. Ten years
ago there would have bees no difficulty in settling
the qaestion which has been distracting us
here for nearly a monto. Now was the t'me,
therefore, for taking some action on ihis subject, if
we with to aroid all difficulty hereafter. This
matter of sectarianism misht create no difficulty
for some time, but a time might come when it
would. It was not two hundred years since a king
of England was required to make a formal decía-
ration of religious tolerance; it was not one hun-
dred y«a  since aman in this land of liberty dare
not think leiigiously as he pleased; and it was
scarce fifty years ago since, by the adopt on- of our
Constitution, it was found necessary to declare that
no religious tests should be required.
Ail history tel's us that this matter was one
which nevtr faütd to force itself on every Govern-
ment, and to connect itself wi h the organic Go*
veromentforthe purpose of carrying out its objects.
, But be said'this was not the season for such duties.
In the morninar or at evening, if he were asked
whether we shou'd attend to our closet or private
devotions, be would say it was becoming and
tppropriate. la ih's bal], al the hour of twelve,
habitually, we meet to do the daily work of the
comtry, as servants of the people. Would the
hu landman, after attending to bis daily mornng
de.ctions, assemble bis laborers again in the field
to do and repeat the like .«erviee? If 'this
was a convention for some great and special
occasion, such services would be appropriate.
This, he said, is not the place. Is he man of your
choke, said be, a devout man, fell of the spirit of
the gospel? Be will lead n M> the temples of the
Most High, whete in solemn vtice be will declare
to us the being of a God, and the truths of his reli-
gion—where he can hear chanted the songs of
Zicn. Does he come to show us the "river of wa-
ter of life, clear as crystal?" He will take us to
the tabernacle of the congrega* ors, there to spread
the heavenly chart, in which is shown the course of
that blessed stream. Does he appear to point us
to the "lamb of God, that taketh away the sins of
the world?" He will invite us to the hoase of
.God, in which is spread the table of the Lord,
- bearing the reminiscences of his love-
But doe  he come to make merchandise of his
calling? Here, then, (<f he was not m s'mformed,)
is tbe place where men in high p'aces meet to
drive bargains. Here, too, he may have his con*
tract signed, sealed, and delivered, whereby, for
and on consideration of a certain *umb r of prayers,
sui ably shoit, a given number of sermons, not too
somg, ringing excep ed, by him, the said chaplain,
uttered and delivered, we, the members of this
House, do agree to be and appear in our seats
on such occasions, devoutly and in order to listen,
and after a certain time to pay h m 0500.
In the execution of this contract, it is remarka-
ble, that, by usage, this Honre is not expected to
■pttfonn only that part of their engagement, which
requires the payment cf the money, being at liberty
to ret, or stand, or walk in, or remain out, and even
emp'oy themselves in writing let'ers during morn-
ing service.
Itts, sir, said Mr. Cooper, to avert th's delete-
rious example, and prevent the insinuation of re-
ligions denominations, by sects, into this House,
that I urge a reconsideration, that we may not
exerc'se powers not granted, and may prevent a
anion, of Church and State.
Mr. R. GARLAND was glad this motion had
been made, as it would give htm an opportunity to
record his vote against the resolution for tbe ap-
pointment of a chaplain.    He was disposed to
respect ministers of the Gospel when they conducted
themfelves properly, as any other gentleman, '
although he did not profess or practise religion
himself; yet he had seen enough in this hall to
prevent him from ever supporting a resolution for
the appointment of a chaplain tor this House.
He btd seen the claims of ministers urged upon
this   House   upon   tbe   ground  of   the   poli-
tical predilections, and one had  been elected
upon the *>Je ground that h* was a friend
of the President of the United States. Men
coming before the House on such pretensions,
threw disgrace npon the country and upon tbe
gospel, and he hoped the House would no longer
sanction it. There was a regular system of elec-
tioneering for the office of chaplain, and the gene-
ral inquiry was, does he make short prayers—the
person making the shortest prayers being the
gteatest favorite. Besides whiie the chaplain was
making bis morning prayers, a large por ion of
the members were reading newspapers, or walking
about the Hall. In fact, the service was nothing
more than a solemn farce, and he trusted the
House would dispense with the chaplain.
Mr. WISE said this was the first time since he
had been in public life that the propriety of ap-
pointing a man of God, to remind us of our daily duty
to God, had been questioned. Sir, (said Mr. W.)
I can with truth say that I am among the vilest
of sinners in this body; I can with truth say that I
have more personal reasons, if personal reasons
were to govern me, for opposing the election of a
chaplain, than any other gentleman dn this floor;
but, sir, there is no consideration that would make
>me, a representative of the people on this floor, a
member of a Heuse of Commons in a representative
Republic, divorce a Republic from the God of
nations. Let me tell those who are now desirous
of divorcing the State from the Chnrch, that they
cannot divorce a nation from the God of heaven.
He has more power thai you have to dispense
with nations as with individuals; and who will pre-
tend to say that no good may be done by making
our acknowledgments here, as it were, with
the nplifted hands of a nation, that there is a
good Providence which presides over the des-
tinies of the nation. If there be any one thing
more opposed To the existence of a Republic, it is
infidelity. Infidel ity was the handmaid of anarchy
in France, and lie trusted that we would not encou-
rage it by departing from the example of our fore-
fathers. Gentlemen had spoken of the unconsti-
tutionality of this appointment, but he would not
examine into the constitutionality of a question of
this kind. The situation of chaplain might have
been, and he believed it had been, filled with hypo-
crites, but there bad been illustrious examples to
the reverse. He referred, as an example, to that
pious and holy gentleman of the Protestant Me-
thodist, persuasion, Mr. Stockton, and he was also
referred, by a gentleman near, to the Rev. Mr.
Reese. These men had been elected without elec-
tioneering, and he believed they had done much
good. He himself had felt the benefits of this ser-
vice. He had come into tbe ball at the hour of
meeting, hi? bosom rankling with party passions;
but after hearing the supplications of the man of
God, he became composed and tranquil. He
would, therefore, vote for the appointment of a
chaplain now and forever.
Mr. MSBET opposed the motion to recon<ider.
He thought it would be.a stain upon the journals
if the members of this House, the Representatives
of the'fgreatest nation upon earth, should, at this
period of our history, rescind the resolution for the
appointment of an individual to perform religions
service in this hall. He considered the arguments
against the appointment of a chaplain more
specious than sound; and assured gentlemen that
the people of this country not only looked up to
us to set a good example in this respect, but re-
quired of us to do this much, for the sake of
Christianity. His colleague and the gentleman
from Louisiana, had urged upon us a divorce of
Church ar.d State, but he thought if gentlemen
would go to New England, and ask rf the deseen 1-
antsof the pilgrim fathers what civil libeity in
this country owed to the church, they would re-
reive for answer that it owed every thing to it.
The pilgrims fled from another country, because
they were persecuted on account of their religious
opinions, and in this country they brought religion
to aid in the establishment of our liberties.
That grave and venerable body which framed
our present form of Government, bad the benefit of
the prayers of the ministers of that day, and Con-
gress had adopted the practice of electing persons
to perform religions service, and he hoped we
would not now take npon ourselves to dispense
with the services of the clergy. If there had been
improper conduct on the part of^ome of the clergy,
he considered that to be an insufficipntargument to
warrant us in dispensing with th*ir services entire-
ly. He believed that the religious feeling of «he
people of this country cxpeceil this much ofos,
and he would never consent to dispense with the
services of the minis'er of God in this hall.
Mr. SLADE said his constituents felt a very
deep interest in this mbject, and he trusted the
House would not dispense with the services of a
chaplain. He desired most heartily to thank the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] in his own
name, and in the name of his constituents, for the
speech wh'ch he had made on this occasion. It was
the more gratifying to him, because, from what he
knew ofthegent!eman,he knew that that speech had
been forced from him by the convictions which his
religious educat on had implantel in his bosom,
and which he felt assured rervaded the great mass
of the gentleman's constituents. We receive our
first impressions on religi u? subjects, to a cous -
derable extent, from ministers of the gospel, and
why should there be the slightest objection raised
to having one perform services in this hall; and he
held that there was not tbe slightest danger to be
apprehended of a uaion of Church and State from
this course,
Mr. CRABB said he could not have an'icipaled,
when he made his motion, that it would give r/ce
to so muchd'scussion; but had he foreseen its ef-
fects, it would have been an additional motive with
him for submitting hi-i motion. The resolution
had passed as a mere form; and there was no ex-
pression of opinion with regard to jt by any of the
members present. If there was a majority in the
House opposed to the resolution, he wished thetn
to have an opportunity of recording tueir nam^s
against it; if, on the contrary, there was a majority
in its favor, he wished that majority to be clearly
shown. His motú n, therefore, had had the effect
of calling the attention of the Hou?e to the subject,
as well as of bringing out the opinions of the mem-
bers in regard to it. He was one of those op-
posed to the appointments of chaplaias for
that body. He thought that tbey had no right
to appropria'e the public money to any object;
and that if they had religious services perfo.med
in that House, it ought to be performed by men
who did not claim a reward for it. He would
venture to assert that there were men in this city
who would be willing to act as chaplains for the
House without money and without price; and, by
accepting the services of such persons, they would
have clergymen officiating there from a pure spirit
of Christianity, and not for the sake of the salary,
and who would seek the employment without beiDg
influenced by party.
Mr. C. said that, as the subject had been suffi-
ciently discussed, he would withdraw his motion,
unless some other gentleman wished, to address the
House on it.
Mr. COOPER requested the gentleman from
Alabama to suspend the withdrawal of his motion
for a moment. He had but one word more to say
in explanation of his views, "ai he perceived that
many gentlemen, on different sides of tbe House,
did not appreciate the motives by which he iras
governed. It was very far from him to attempt,
by any act of his,- either in his individual capacity,
or as a Representative from the State of Georgia,
to divorce this House from the God of Nature or
the God of Revelation. That same God whom yon
and I adore—that God whom I would have p e-
sented ia all his living at ributes, and wh m I
won'd have implored for the preservation of our
'liberties, and the durability of our instiuians__
that God whom our forefathers woishipped, is
He, the object of oui reverence. Bat my cd'eague
would have it that 1 would drive the minis ers
of the Gospel from this hall, and striwe a blow a
our holy religion; at that religion which I wculd
have announced on this ñoor, and in this House,
on all suitable occasions. Bnt, Mr. Speaker, I
believe that there are difficulties in our way which
I trust in God I may overrate, bat which we
ought not to overlook. I do not propose to divorce
this Heuse from the spirit of religion, nor yet from
its faros; bat my object i«{ that forms m y not be
