CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
set up instead of the substance. It was the neglect of
te substance of religion, and an abuse of its forms,
which caused that infidelity, of which gentWmen had
spoken, to spread o ret all France in the time of the
Revolution;and it will become gentlemen to remem-
ber this lesson, and to beware lest they injure the
cause of religion by adhenng to its forms only. In
addition to the allusion of hs friend from Georgia,
Mr. Cooper sa'd he would ask gentlemen to put
iheir hands on the au'hority by which they would
take the money of iheir constituents and pay it
over to a chaplain, when many, here represented,
believed, that it was not right to pay a man for
dispensing the word of Qod. Tell me (said Mr.
C.) where is your is your authority tor apppro-
propriating the money of the people in this way;
and when jou do, (said Mr. C.) I will take my
teat until the people of this country shall think
beiter of it,and take the power away. Believing as he
did that such power would be dangerous, he would be
the firit man to persuade the people to take it away,
and thus sever all connection between Church
and State. The very fact tnat gentlemen, in favor
of the resoluton, had alluded to, that the first Con-
gress of the Un ted States employed chaplains,
taken in connection with the fact that they inserted
«provision in the Constitution, by which no mo-
ney can be taken from the Treasury, without au-
thority of law, spoke volumes against this resolu-
tion.
Mr. CRAIG observed that the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Cooper] bad taken the ground that
they had no authority, under the Constitution, to
take the peop'e's money and pay it to a chaplain.
I admit, said Mr. C. that we have no express au-
thorit/in the Constitution to pay a chaplain, as
such; but if the gentlemen will tell me by what au-
thority we can take the people's money, and pay it
to our Clerk, Sergeant-at-anm, and Doorkeepers,
I will show him as good authority for paying a
chaplain. The Constitution gives 10 this House the
power to appoint its Speaker and other officers.
Now, in the authority here given, the Speaker is
the only officer named, leaving to the House to say
what other officers are necessary; and therefore the
Hoase can as well create the office of chaplain, as
that of Clerk or Sergeant-at-Arms. If gent'emen
would look back to the proceedings of the old
Congress, they wonld find that the chaplain
was then considered an officer of the body. So,
also, our forefathers appointed chaplains as officers
in their army and navy; thus showing that in their
legislative, as well as military proceedings, they
did nothing without asking a blessing from Him
alone who can dispense blessings worth asking for.
Mr. C. replied to the arguments of Mr. Garland,
that, during Divine service in the morning, mem-
bers were inattentive, engaged in reading newspa-
pers and in writing letters, and that but few of
them attended to the service. Eut (said he) do not
gentlemen see that thee arguments would go lo
close the doors of every church'? If there was dis-
orderly conduct, want of attention, and a disincli-
nation for reigious exercises on the part of mem-
bers, their pious chaplain would tell them that this
was the strongest reason why he should conti-
nue bis exhortations. Mr. C. in conclusion, said
he knew not whether any clergyman had ever
sought and obtained the chaplaincy of the House
from interested motives; but he could safely say
that such was not the case with Mr. Reese, the
late chaplain. After highly eu'ogizing Mr. Reese
a  a pious and sound divine, Mr. C. said that, so
lar from his having teen contaminated by the office
confetred on him, they found him at the close of
the session the same mild, humble, and zealous
Christian that he was at the commenc ement.
Mr. RICE GARLAND said that it was very
easy, upon a question like this, to pieach a sermon
to rouse the feelinrs of the country; but he would
remark, that upon the question of the u-efulness
of religion, or the divinity of the Christian reli-
gion, he wonld not yield to the gentleman from
Georgia, or the gentleman from Virginia, [Messrs.
Cooper and Wis*.] This last question, however,
did not enter into their consideration at all. If it
did, much might be said of that relg'on, which
attempted to establish an office thus pro-
vided for in   the   resolution.     The  condition
of revolutionary France, and the infidelity that
overspread it, bad been alluded to, but he would
ask if there was not good reason to believe that
that infidelity took its rise from the abuses under
the forms of rel gion that prevailed long pnor to
that period. He, however, was not opposing re-
ligion, or even its forms, ia opposing the adoption
of the resolution. He did not object to com-
mencing their daily proceedings with religious ex-
ercises, but he did object to a man coming there,
seeking the office of chaplain on political grounds,
and pleading te the religious sympathies of the
country to sustain him. "We have had (>aid Mr.
G.) good men standing in that desk, and no doubt
some bad ones; but he doub'ed if their services had
ever resulted in producing any good effect. If we
are a light, set on a hill, as the gentleman from Ver-
mont says, to set an example to the {country, we
set a very bad example. Gentlemen stand here
under the pretence of hearing pray«rs, and read
newspapers, or take their seats and write letters
whle prayer is going on; and indeed it is seldom
that more than th ity or forty members are ob-
served in their seat?. Was that the kind of exam-
* pie that is to be set, and that is to go for.h to^the
country? In deciding upon the proposition before
them, it was not for them to say, whether the
Christian religion was useful or not, but whether
the office of chaplain was necessary; and if he
could show that hypocrisy bad been made use of
to put money in the pockets of political partisans,
under the pretence of religion, he would show good
cause for dispensing with the office. Mr. G. con-
cluded by expressing the hope that the gentleman
from Alabama would not withdraw his motion, but
would give him an opportunity of recording his
vote against the resolution.
Mr. HOPKINS he e called for the previous
question; and the House having seconded ihecall,
the main question on reconsidering ihe vote adopt-
ing the joint reso'uion of Ihe Sena'e, was put and
decide J in the negative—yeas 12, nays 168.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON movel that fifteen thou-
sand copies of the President's Message, and five
thousand copies of the accompanying documents,
be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. STANLY then moved that the House do
now adjourn; which motion was lost—ayes 63,
nces 79.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then renewed his motion.
The SPEAKER suggested that there was a re-
solution to print the message and documents that
had been laid on the table on Tuesday, and that a
motion would be necessary to take up that resolu-
tion.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then moved to take it
up, and called for the previous question; when
Mr. SHERROD WILLIAMS moved an ad-
journment; but the yeas and nays being called for
on the motion,
Mr. WILLIAMS withdrew it.
The question on seconding the previous ques-
tion was then put and carried, Messrs. Crabb and
Btnom tellers—ayes 101, nors not counted.
The question was then taken "Shill the main
question be now put?" and carried—yeas 109, nays
73.                                                            .   .
The main question was then taken on printing
20,000 c pies of the message and 5,000 of the ac-
companying documents, and carried—yeas 120,
nays 54.
Mr. JAMESON here rose and submitted a re-
solution.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON, who voted with
Ihe majority, moved a reconsideration of the vote
ju-t taken on printing the message of the Pre i-
dent, and accompanied the motion with sosae re-
mark*.                                                              -
Mr. JAMESON rose to point of order. He had
risen before the gentleman from South Carol jia, and
was announced by the Chair as feeing entitled to
the floor. He had also sent his resolution to the
Clerk's table; but before it could be read, he was
interrupted by the gentleman from South Carolina.
He contended, therefore, that his motion had pre-
cedence over that of the gentleman from South Car-
Carolina.
Mr. THOMPSON called the gentleman from
Mi souri to order.
The SPEAKER said that the gent'eman fi\>ra
Missouri was first entitled to the floor, and had
submitted his resolution, and that no gentleman had
a right to interrupt him in it; but the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina being a privileged
motion, it had precedence over that of the gentle-
man from Missouri.
Mr. JAMESON referred to a decision given
the other day by the Speaker, in the case of a
privileged motion made by a gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Chapman,] with which the decision
just made conflicted. He asked that he inijht have
the benefit of the decision given the other day.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON then moved an ad-
journment; and Messrs. Montgomery and James
Garlano being appointed tellers, die question was
taken and decided in the affirmative—ayes 91,
noes not counted; so
The House adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE,
Monday, December 29,  1839.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Senate in relation to
the expenditure if the contingent fund; which was
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
Also,a report from the Secretary of State in com*
plianre with a resolution of the Senate of Decem-
ber 19,1838, directing him to report the nature
and extent of the restrictions imposed upon the
commerce of the United States by foreign nations;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Abo, a report from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, of the operations of that bu-
reau for the year 1839; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and one thousand
extra copies ordered to be printed.
Also, a report from the Secretary of War In re-
lation to the expenditure of the contingent fund of
that Depanment, and the bureaus thereto attached;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be prined.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Navy,
in relation to the expendí ure of the contingent
fund in that Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of a num-
ber of citizens of Mississippi, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Greensborough, Alaba-
ma, to Jackson, Mississippi; which was referred to
the Committee on the Po t Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KNIGHT presented the petition of Betsy
Vial, widow of John Vial, praying for a pens on;
which was referred to the Commiitee on Pensions.
Mr. LINN presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Missouri, asking for an extension of the
pre-emption laws.
Also, a memorial from the same body, request-
ing an appropriation of a grant tf land to aid in
the erection of an asylum for the dtaf and dumb.
Also, a memorial from the same body, request-
ing the sale of certain unsold lands.
Also, a memorial of the same body, on the sub-
ject of patents; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. LINN also presented a series of resolutions
of the Legislature of Missouri, in favor of com-
peting the national road to Jefferson city, Mis-
souri; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. L. also presented the petition of Wilson P.
Hunt; which was referred to the Committee oa
Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the papers on
file in the case of Mrs. Frances More were referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the petition of Fran-
cis Martin; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Charles ,G. Livermore;
which was referred to the Committee on Manu-
factures.                                                ,  T   •
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Josias
Sturgis and officers and seamen of the revenue .ser-
vice, asking for the extension of the pension system
to that branch of the service; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
