S6
CONfcBE&SIONAL GLOBE.
as
Also, the memoria! of Aaron Vail; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the memorial of
a Bomber of the citizens of Paducah, McCracken
county, ¿jr. praying that Francis A. Harmon may
he secured from loss occasioned by the destruction
of the post office by fire; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the pettion of
Jacob Carver; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Ckvms.
Also, the memorial of R-gnell Coats; wh:ch was
referred to the Committee on Naval Aff«irs.
Also, the petition of G. P. I*. Weed, widow of
Major Weed of the Marine Corp?; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
a number of ■ «¡lúteas of. Pennsylvania  praying
for a redaction of the rates of postase; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Poet Roads.
, Mr. MOUTON presented the memorial of the
heirs of Thomas Powers; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims-
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of Richard
Han is; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Also, the memorial of the Franklin Fire Com-
pany of. Alexandria; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Also, t**e memorial of George Taylor; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
*   On motion by Mr. R. the papers on file in rela-
tion to the claim of John Ramsey, were referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. PIERCE presented the petition of Thomas
D. Morrison; which was referred to the Committee
pn Pension*.  .
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of John
Paul; which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions. >
On motion by Mr. KING, the papers relating to
the claim of.Samuel H. Thompson, was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. K. gave notice that to-morrow he would ask
leave to bring in a bill for the relief of John K.
Jacock«.
Mr. SOUTHARD gave, notice that on to-morrow
he wonld ask leave to bring in a bill regulating the
pay of masters in the navy.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, tbe papen in rela-
tion to the c'aim of David Taylor, were referred to
the Committee on Claim;.
Oa motion by Mr. KING, the papers [in rela-
tion to the claim of A. G. King and Hear/ Lucas
were withdrawn from the fi'es of the Senate.
Mr. MERRICK gave notice that on to-morrow
he wonld ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of JamesJ. Mackall.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, agreeable to notice,
asked and obtained' leave to introduce tbe follow-
ing bills:
A bitl for the benefit of the Selma and Tennessee
Railroad Company;
A b,U forthe benefit of the Gainesville and Nar-
icéela Railroad Company; and
A bill for the relief of the Alabama, Florida,
and Georgia Railroad Company;
Which were severally read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Roads and Can ah.
Also, a b.ll for the discontinuance of the office
©f Surveyor General in the several districts, so
sooa as the surveys therein can be computed, for
abolishing land offices under certain circumstances,
and to abolish the office oí Solicitor of tbe General
Land Office; and
A bill to relinquish  certain reversionary inte-
rest of the United States to a tract of land in the
State of Alabama;
Which were severally read twice, and referred to
the Committee oa Public Lands.
Also, a bill granting the right of way through
the public lands to the States or incorporated com-
panies engaged in the construction of roads and
«ana's; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Afeo, a bill for the relief of tb¿ assignees'of
Louis Báron de Ferrier; which! was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
f
Mr. LINN, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the retief of
Gen. Mathew Arbuckle; which was read twice and
referred to the Committee on Piivate Land
Claims.
Mr. PRENTIS3, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to revive and contiaue in force an act
granting relief to those disabled by known wounds
in the Revolutionary war; and
A bill for the relief of John McCloud;
Wnich were severally read twice, and referred to
the Committee'on Pensions.
Mr. SEVIER, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill making appro-
priations for the rem*val of the raft in Red river;
which was read twice, and íeferred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN, in pursuance of notice,
asked' and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Samuel R. Slaymaker; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WILLIAMS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to intioduce a bill to repeat
certain acts in relation to navy pensions, and mak-
ing forther provision in relation thereto;
Also, a bill to regulate the pay of masters in the
navy;
Which were read twice, and referred to the
Committee oj Naval Affair-.
Mr. NOR VELL, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce the following bill:
A bill for the relief of J. and W. Beeson and
others; which wat read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affair .
Mr. N. also, on leave, introduced the following
bills:
' A bill granting, to the county of Kalamazoo, in
the State of Michigan, the right of pre-emption to
a quarter section of land, and for other put poses;
A bill to amead an act confirming cenain land
claims in the State of Michigan; and
A bill granting to certain p r ons therein earned
the right of pre emption to a ftaction of a section
of land inOttoway, in the Stae of Michigan.
Which were severally read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
I     Mr STRANGE, agreeably to notice, askrd and
i obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
i Wi liam McRtcever; which was read twice, and re-
1 ferred to'the Commitee on Feusims.
i     Mr. SPENCE, on leave, and in pursuance of
previous notice, asked and obtaieed leave to intro-
duce a bill for the relief of Irvine Shubrick; which
J was read twice, and referred ta the Committee on
Naval Aaffiirs.
" "Mr. HUBBARD, in pursuance of previous no •
tree, asked and obtained have to introduce the
following bills:             (
A bill for the relief of Philip Wiedmsn;
:   A bill for the relief the legal representatives of
of John J. Bolow, jr.;
A bill for the relief of Ma'achi Hagan;
'A b 11 for the "relief of Joseph Hernandez; and
A bill for the le'kf of individuáis who have sus-
tained damage by Indian wars since 1830;v
Which Were severally read twice, and referred
to.the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TAPPAN, agreeably to notice, introduced
the following joint resolution:
Resolved by the Smote and Rout  «fRtpresmta-
tives. of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, (two-thirds of both Houses concurring
therein,) That the following article be proposed to
the Legislatures of the sevetal States as an amend-
ment to the Constttntion of the United States;
which, when ratified by the Legislatures of three-
fourths of the said States, shall be valid as a part
of the said Constitution, to wit:
The judges of the Supreme and inferior courts
shall hold their offices for the term of seven years,
if so long they shall behave thenwelves well. And
the commts; ons of all judge* at said courts who
may be in office at the time of the adoption of
this amendment shall expire as follows: those who
shall have been in office twenty years shall «pire
rá one year; those who have been in office ten
years iball expire in tljree yeatsj and the éom-
missions of all who have not been in office ten
years shall expire in seven years.
The resolution was read twice, and ordered to be
printed.                                              „
Mr. DAVIS, from the Commute on Commerce,
to which was referred the bill to remit such duties,
and to cancel such bonds, a* have been required of
persons engaged in the whale fishery, to restrain all
fu'ure exactions of duties of such vessels and their
cargoes, reported the same without amendment.
Mr.NORVELL, from the- Commit ee on Com-
merce, tj which had been referred a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the President to cause certain sur-
veys to be made, reported the same without amend-
ment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been referred a bill tor the relief of
William H. Robertson, Samuel H. Garrow, and J.
W. Simonton; and
A bill for the relief of William A. Whitehead,
late collector of the customs at the port of Key
West;
Reported the same without amendment, and re-
commended their passage.
Mr. MERRICK submited the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President ot the United States
be requested to cause to be communicated to the
Senate a statement, showing, in a condensed form,
the amount drawn from the Treasury in each year
of the five years immediately preceding the com-
mencement of the present session of Consress, in
consequence of special legislation by Congress
upon private claims.
The following resolution, submitted same days
since by Mr. BENTON, was considered and
agreed tc:
Resolved, That the President of the Uoited States
be requested to communicate to the Senate copies
of the records and of all the proceedings of the
Court of Inquiry, and also of the Court Martial
lately, held at St. Louis, on Lieutenant Colonel
Bran*; also, the copy of his resignation; and, also,
of all the papers connected therewith.
The following resolution, submitted some days
since, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to tbe Senate as follows:
1.  The articles of foreign import, which, being
manufactured into a different article in the Uoited
States, are allowed a drawback of duty on being
exported; with the quantities and values of such
imports and exports, and the amounts of duties ie-
ceived, and drawback paid on the same, from the
year 1833, inclusive, te the end of the fiscal year of
1839.
2.  The «mount of drawback which would have
been payable on such exportation*, if tbe aet of
March 3,1839, for the reduction of duties, com-
monly called the Compromise act, had provided far
a reduction of drawback in proportion to the peri-
odical reduction of duty.
3.  The probable quantities and valúen of such
imports and exports, and the amounts of duties
receivable, and of drawbacks payable thereon,
froa the year 1840, inclusive, of that year, to the
consummation of tbe Compromúe act, in 1848,
andfoione year thereafter; provided the said act
remains as it is.                                        .
4.  The same quantities, values, and duties for
the same time, with the annual amounts of draw-
back, which would be payable if the drawbaek un-
derwent reduc'ions proportionately with the le-
ductions of duty.
5.  A table of recapitulation and comparison,
showing the annual difference, and the aggregate
difference between the amounts of drawback paid
and payable under said act, from 1833 inclusive to
1849, and one year thereafter, if the act remains as
it is, and the amounts that would have been paid
and should become payable hereafter, if the draw-
backs had been subject to reduction in proportion
to tbe redaction of duties from the date of the act.
Tne following resolution, submitted some days
since by Mr. Button, was coniiJered and agreed
tr.
Resolved, That the President of the United Stales
be requested to communicate to the Senate, so far
as it may be in the power of the Treasury Depart*
