CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
merit to obtain the information, the names of all
the banks in the United States which may have
stopped specie payments during the suspension of
1339; alio of those which did not stop; noting those
which may have recommenced payments; the
whole divided into classes by States and Territories,
and the District of Colombia.
Also, that he cause to be communicated to the
Senate the names of all banks, if any, which have
refused to pay the Government demands, Post Office
inclusive, in specie, when demanded; with all the
circumstances of such failure, and the correspond-
ence to which it led.
Abo, to inform the Senate whether any of the
Departments have information, or have reason to
believe, that any of the Government creditors have
been paid in depreciated currency, since the general
resumption of 1833.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Benton some days since, was taken op for cons:-
deration:
Reso'ved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to c mmunicate to the Senate all the ia-
formation which may be in his power or possession
relative to the imposition of tolls and the annual
amounts colitcted, on all sorts of vessels, empty,
light, or heavily laden, on the Louisville and Port-
land canal, from the opening of the same to the
present time; and the general expenses attending
the Canal. Also, the annual amount of dividends
belonging to the United States. Also, the number
of shares held in said canal stock by the United
States, and the amount paid upon them. Also,
the number of vessels ot all kinds which have
passed the said canal annually since it was opened.
Also, whether the said canal is completely finished
and pat into a condition to pass vessels through in
the shortest time practicable.
Resolved, That the Secreta'y of the Treasury b<
directed to address proper queries to the surveyor
of the port at Louisville, and a'so at St. Louis, to
be answeted by themselves, and also to be commu-
nicated to the steamboat captains generally, in re-
lation to the effect of the tolls on the (aid canal,
and the amount thereof on their respective vessels
for each time they pass through, and the aggregate
«mount for the season, or a year; and the compa-
rative amount of the tolls paid to the canal, and the
profits cleared by the boat; with an estimate of the
amount of tolls which a regular trader of a given
toBnage, between St. Louis and Louisvü'e, and be-
tween New Orleans and Louisville, would pay in
the number of years that such steamer would last,
supposing her to continue in the same trade as long
as fit for service; also, a comparativo estimate of
such aggregate tolls, with the original cost of tie
ve-sel; and a further comparative estimate of such
tolls, with the other expenses incident to the run-
n ng of the steamboat.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana proposed the following
amendment:
"And also the capacity of said canal at this
time to admit, Without delay, the commerce of the
river that must necessarily piss through the same;
sad whether one canal at that point, of any git en
capac ty, containing the necessary locks to over-
come the falls, would be sufficient to pass without
delay the commerce ascending anl descending the
river, for future years and al'-o wheiher, in order
to afford full and entire facilities in. overcoming
the fa'ls of the Ohio, so as to pass the commerce ot
the river, a canal on the Indiana side of the falls,
of sufBcent capacity to pass boats of th- la'gest
class, in addition to the canal on the Kentucky
side, is nit, or will not in a few years become,
in 'ispensab y necessary, taking into consideration
the probable increase of the commerce; and that
t e Secietary of the Tiea^ury be directed to report
to the Senate the result of his inquiries, at the ear-
1 e t day practicable "
Wh ch being accepted by Mr. BENTON, after
some remarks from Messrs. CRITTENDEN,
SMITH, and BENTON, the resolution, as
amended, was adop ed.
The lollowing resolution, submitted some days
since by Mr. BENTON, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate as follows;
1.  A table of the import and export of gold bul-
lion, with the excess of each, annually, from the
commencement of the Federal Government, or as
far back as the returns in the Treasury Department
will enable the table to be made up.
2.  A like table of gold coin.
3.  A like table of silver bullion.
4.  A like table of silver coin.
5.  A table of recapitulation, showing the total
annual imports and exports of coin and bullion in
one column.and the excesses in two other columns,
for the same leng'h of time.
6.  A detailed statement of the weekly exporta-
tion of coin and bullion for ths year 1839, show-
in? the names and residences of the exporters, and
t ei' c n^igness in foreign c mntrfr 
7.  A detailed table of exports and imports of
coin and bullion of the United States for the year
1839.
8.  A table of the annual coinage of gold and
silver at the Mint of the United States and the
Branch Mints, from the time they were respectively
established.
9.  A Uble of the annual product of the gold
mines of the United States from the time of their
discovery.
The whole of said tables made up to the end of
the year 1839.
The following resolution, submitted some
days since by Mr. BENTON, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be communicated to the
Senate all the information which the War Office
contain5!, or can conveniently procure, of the mas-
sacres of individuals, of families, of small paries,
and of shipwrecked crews or passengers, which
have taken place in Florida during the present
hostilities, and including thore which took place
before the war became open on the part of the In-
dians; noting, S3 far as it cin be conveniently done,
how tar families have been broken up, and driven
from their homes, their houses burat, and their
fields and properly destroyed.
The following resolution, submitted some days
since by Mr. BENTON, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to send to the Senate all the informa-
tion in his possession relating to the southern
boundary line of the Territory of Iowa.
The fol'owing resolution, snbmit ed some days
since by Mr. BENTON, was consdered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate such «for-
mat on as has been received at the Treasury De-
partmeni from consuls and secretaries ol legation
respecting the fiscal regulations in ftrce m foreign
countries, and not contained in his commuaication
to the Senate of the da e of January 91, 1839.
The following resolution submitted some days
since by Mr. LINN, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United Sta'es
be requested to cause to be communicated to the
Senate any information in tin Department of
State, or any other Department, relative 10 the dis-
puted boundaty between the State of Missouri and
the Ternt ry of Iowa, and which has not been
her tofore communicated to the House of Repre-
sentatives and also to communicate copies of any
proclamations of the Governor of Mif souri and the
Governor of the Tenitory of Iowa in relation to
said deputed boundary, and the order--, if any, fur
ca'l ng out, or holding the mili'ia in read ness to
act in relan-n to the same; and also any further
mfo-mntion on the subject which it may be in the
power of the Departments to give.
The following resolution, submitted romedays
since by Mr. LINN, was taken up for conside-
ration:                          .        . .        r  ^    o
Resolved, That it is the opinion of the Senate
that the title of the United States to the Territory
of Oregon is indisputable, and never will be aban-
doned.                                      , ,   _ .   ,_
Resolved, That the President of the United «lates
be requested to give notice to the British Govern-
ment that the conventions of 1818, and 1827, which
give theri^ht to use and occupy the Oregon Ter-
ritory, its bays, rivers, harbors, &c to both parties
indiscriminately, shall cease in twelve months after
such notification.
Resolved, That it is both expedient and proper to
ex'ead such portions of the laws of the United States
over the Territory ef Oregon, as may be necessary
to secure the lives, liherty, and property of our citi-
zens who mav reside in said Territory.
Resolved, That it is expedient to raise an addi-
tional regiment of infantry, (rifles,) for the pur-
pose of overawing and keeping in check various
Indian tribes, or any foreign force*, who may be
in said Territory, or on its borders; and at the same
time to give ample protection to our citizens en-
gaged in legitimate occupations.
Resolved, That six hundred and forty acres of
land should be granted to every white male inhabi-
tant of said Territory of the age of eighteen years,
who shall cultivate and u«e the same five consecu-
tive years, and to his heirs at law in the event of
his death.
On motion of Mr. LINN, the resolutions were
referred to a se'ect committee of five, and ordered
to be printed.
The folio wine resolution, submitted some d ys
since by Mr. WILLIAMS, was considered and
agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of increas-
ing the number of copies of the laws of Congress
printed for the several States and Territories under
the act of 20th April, 1818.
The following resolution, submitted some days
since by Mr. LUMPKIN, was considered and
agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee oh the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
axpediency of establishing a mail stage route from
Clarksville, Habersham county, Ga. to Asheville,
N. C. via the town of Clayton, in Rabun county,
Gd. and the town of Franklin, in Macon county,
N. C. And also a weekly mail route, to be carried
on horsaback, from the town of Lafayette, in Wal-
ker county, to the town of Salem, Dade county, in
the State of Georgia.
The following resolution, submitted some days
since by Mr. CLAY of Alabama, was considered
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making
compensation to Abel Pennington, of Captain A.
Byram's company of North Alabama volunteers,
serving in Florida, forahore, shot by order of
the commanding officer in January, 1838.
The following re o'ution, subuiittei some days
since by Mr. PIERCE, was taken up for conside-
ration:
Resohed,Thil the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to report, as soon as may be conve-
nient, a bill for the equalization of the pay of th*
officers of the line and the staff of the army.
Mr. P. said be was in expectation of shortly
receiving some information from the Department
in relation to this subject, and asked that it be
pas ed over for the present; which was agreed to.
The following le o'uti>n, submitted some da\s
since by Mr. SMITH of Indians, was taken up lor
considerat on and agreed t ¡:
Resolved, That the Committee en Roads and Ca-
nals be instructed1 to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropr.ation to con'inue the con-
struction of the Cumberland road in the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Minus, t' e ensuing year; and
that said committee al'o inquire into the expediency
of appropriating a sum of money sufficient to com-
plete said road to Jefferson city, Missouri, to be
paid over to the several States, within whose limits
the road is to be constructed, in annual instal-
ments, as the same may be required to insure an
economical, energpt'c, and speedy completion of
the work: Provided, The States will agree to ac-
cept the appropriation, and apply it to the object
i tended, and discharge the Ganeral Government
from any further appropriation*: And provided, also,
That the Staks have authority to lay and collect
toll on said road, sufficient to keep it in repair after
its construction; and shall allow the arms and
munitions of war of the General Government to
pass on the same toll free.
