1 ,'1
88
bONGBESSfONAL GLOBE.
The following resolution, offend by Mr. Bkktos
«a Friday last, was considered and agreed to:
Biwftmf, That the President of the United States
be reqaesied to cause the proper inquiries to be
made of all disbursing officers and agents, and all
contractors, (the Post Office Department inc'u-
«ve,) to ascertain from them whether they hare
sold or exchanged Government drafts or o'.her Go-
vernment funds, or their own drafts on the Go-
vernment, during the years 1833 ana! 1839,, for
paper money of the fallowing descriptions:
1. Bank notes of the late Bank of the United
States, and especially notes of a less denomination
than, twenty dollars.
a. Bank notes of the present Bank of the United
States, and especially notes of a less denomination
than twenty dollars.                          t
3. Post notes of the present Bank of the United
State , and especially any of. inch notes of a Kss
denomination'than one hundred dollars; also, of a
less denomination than twenty dollars, an<l which
had been made payable at more than sixty dajs
- after date, or which were not due, or which had
been altered by the pen; and if so, that they report
the times and places «f such .sales «r exchanges,
.and with whom made, and the amounts so sold or
exchanged.
Also, that the President communicate lo the Se-
nate the name of any disbursing officer, agent, or
contractor, who shall fail to answer the, foregoing
inquirirs in a reasonable lime. Also, that he com-
municate a list of such Treasury or Post Office
draft  in favor of disbursing officers, agents, and
contractors, for the years 1838 and 1839, as shall
appear to have been sold, with the names of the
endorsers, and to whom paid; that the Secretary
' of the Treasaryciuse. inquiries to be made of the
deposite banks, since the general resumption of
specie payments in 1838, whether the Government
drafts which have been sold by di-bursing officers,
agent?, and contractors, have been usually paid in
specie; and if so, all the particulars as to the seve-
ral son  and total amounts paid, and to whom
paid, and .where, as neatly asean be stated.
On submitting the above resolution, Mr. Bfiis-
. TON said (hat it implied so much, and such grave
censare, that he felt himself bound to show that he
was not proceeding gratuitously, and without infor-
mation, but that he was in possession of facts
which justified the movement. Re said that he
had received information of every kind which the
resolutions supposed Jo exist, and oven that im-
mense turns had been drawn in specie from the de-
posite banks by the Bank of the United States, since
she stopped payment.   He mentioned one instance
..of this kind, in which the Bank of Missouri paid
, ninety thousand dollars in specie to a Bank of the
United States agent for a Treasury draft, which
issued the day before the Bank of the United
States stopped payment, and was sold to her agent
, for her notes, which notes were disbursed on ac-
count of the United States, while the specie drawn
from the Missouri Bank was shipped to Philadel-
phia, and probably thence to Europe. Mr. B.
then read the following letter, as a specimen of the
information he possessed:
Mmorondnntof matters relating to the drenUdiom of
United States Bank notes, which asm under my etc 
•haervaiion, while acting as disbursing agent ef the
Government in the Cherokee eousUry.
Sometime in the spring of the year 1838, two
gentlemen arrived at the Cherokee Agency, (one
of whose names, I think, was Roberts, the other'á
not  remembered,) tó whotfc f wat introduced.
They were said to be agents «f the UnfccT States
Bank, whose business appeared to b? to exchange
the notes of that  Bank.for Treasury drafts, or
drafts from the paymas ers and disbursing agents
on the Government.   They tHd make exchanges
to a condderable exten'   bnt to what amount I
cannot fay.   They had, 1 understood, in their pos-
session, a large amount of the notes of the Bank,
and that they, after leaving the agency, went t>
Little Rock, Arkansas, on business of a limitar
' character.   One of the contractors (now in Wash-
ington) for furnishing aubiistenee to the emigrant
Inditas west, yesterday told me that an agent of
$• United States Bank had been at Little Rock,
and that he, together with his partners, negotiated
a loan with him for $150,000, payable in six
months, which, he added, would soon be due. 
la the summer of the same year, I was called up-
on by Maj. Chs. J. Nouwe, oí this city, to know if
I had any Treasury drafts that I wished cashed,
stating that he had oW not  of the Bank of the
United States that he would give me in exchange.
I replied, that I had some drafts on New York and
other places, which, if he would give me notes of
the United Sl<Ut$ Bank of Pennsylvania, I would en-
ter into the arrangement, but that otherwise I
"would not, as I conceived the issue of thess notes
wrong, and contrary to law, and wouH not make
myself an accessory to the wrong by emulating
them. He observed that the other agents had
.made no objection to receiving them, and strongly
urged my taking them likewise. Find ng that 1
was riot to be persuaded, we finally made an ex-
change, he giving me the notesof the Pennsylvania
Bank. Iheold «ele* were generally of small deno-
minations—ten*, twenties; th1* new notes were
most'y of like sums, with tome fifties and hun-
dred*. The twenties and hundreds of the new
issue appeared to have been struck off forpot
notes, made payable to order, wi"h the word "or-
der" erased, and "John Ross or bearer" inserted. To
alt appearance', Mr. Nourse had a large amount
with him; I think he said, of both kinds, something
like a hatf a million of dollar*. He also sa d he
thought he should go to Arkansas, to endeavor to
make exchanges there.
Washington, Aug. 30,1839.
The following resolution, submitted some days
since by Mr. BENTON, vas considered and
agreed toi
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to obtain from the constituted autho-
rities in Florida, a statement of all the Teiritorial
beads issued, and authorized to b« issed, in that
Territory, With copies from the journals of the
5 Council, showing any thing that was done in autho-
rizing the issue of csuh bonds, with the
names of the members of the Council at that
time, their votes in each case, the names
of the Governors who may have approved
laws for the issuing of Territorial bonds, or who
may have signed or endorsed the said bonds; also,
the purposes for which said bonds were issued, and
when issued in favor of corporations, the names of
the corporations, and the co.poiators and their
officers, and the use made of said- bonds, and the
present value of said bonds in ihe American and
European markets, with the condition of the cor-
porations which have had the us: of said bond*,
and how far they are fulfilling the purposes for
which they were created. Also, a statement of all
the acts of incorporation which have been passed
by the said Legislative Council of Florida, since
the 3d ef March, 1833, and the acts in amendment
thereof, and when and hew said acts were reported
to the President of the United States, to be laid be-
fore Congress.
The following resolution, submitted some days
since by Mr.  BENTON, was considered and
' agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate all ihe in-
formation which it is in the power of the Depart-
ment to obtain as to the value of the different State
bonds in the London market. Also, the value of
the different railroad and canal stocks of the
spectives States in the home marker.
The following resolution, submitted some days
since by Mr. TAPPAN, was considered and
agreed to:   i
Raolsei, That a- committee of three memoer.} be
' appointed, who, together with a like numbsr to be
appointed by the House of Representative , fhall
direct the expenditures of all moneys appropriated
to parchase books for the Library of Congress.
The Senate then went into the consideration of
Executive bosinrsi; and afterwards
Adjourned.
•Thesecontractors were Glasgow and Harris,
of Missouri.
rc-
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, December 30,1839.
After the journal was reíd,
The CHAIR announced the following standing
committees:
Committee on Commerce.—Messrs. Curtis, Hillen,
Whits of Louisiana, Buike, Toland, Habersham,
Parris, Bolts, and Weller.
Committee on the Public Lands.—Messrs. Cor-
win, Reynolds, Lincoln, Crary, White of Ken-
tucky, Fisher, Garland of Virginia, Hubbard, and
Thompson of Mississippi.
Committee of Claims—Messrs. D*wson, Russell,
Banks, Giddings, WilLams of New Hampshre,
Gentry, Hill of North Carolina, Galbraith, and
Mallory.
Post Office and Post Roads.—Messrs. McKay,
Hopkins ,Chapman, of Ala., Marvin, Leadbet er, J.
L. Williams of Tennessee, Anderson of Kentucky,
But'er of South Carolina, and Brown of Mississppi.
District of Columbia.— Me srs. Johnson of Ma-
ryland, C. H. Williams of Tennessee, Beirne,
Clarke, Davee, Graham, Cranston, Black, and
Hawkins.
Judiciary__Messrs. Sergeant, Crary, Hoffman,
Tu'ney, Mason of Ohio, Samuels, Colquitt, Stoirs,
and Barnard.
Revolutionary Claims.—Messrs. Craig, Randolph,
Hall, Taliaferro, Parmenter, Montgomery, Rogers
of South Carolina, Ely, and Sweanngen.
Territories.—Messrs. Pope, Jenifer, Ramsey,
Campbell of Tennessee, Stewart, Brewster, Davis
of Kentucky, Montanya, and Fine.
Revolutionary Pensions.—Messrs. Taliaferro, Carr,
Andrews, Steenrod, Rayner, E. Davis of Pennsyl-
vania, Brockway, Taylor, and Hand.
Invalid Pensions.—Messrs. S. Williams, Morris
of Ohio, Chittenden, Doar, Strong, Randall, Morris
of Pa. Palen, and Edwards.
Roads and Canals.—Messrs. Ogle, Graves, Car-
roll, Hill of Va. Smith of la. Starkweather, Ray-
ner, Colquitt, and Blackwell.
Patents—Messrs. Fletcher of Vt. Beatty, Pren-
tiss, Newhard, and Paynter.
Public Buildings and Grounds.—Messrs. Lincoln,
Petrikin, Leonard, Keim, and Hastings of Ohio.
Reviaal and Unfinished Business.—Messrs. Peck,
Parish, Jackson, James, and Dana.
Accounts.—Messrs. Johnson of Va. Lawrence,
Johnston of N. Y. Marchand,and Floy J.
Manufactures —Messrs. Jonn Q, Adams, Nisbet,
Slade, Tiftingbast, Worthington, Dromgoole, Mit-
chell, Eastman, and John Davis of Pennsylvania.
Agriculture—Messrs. Deberry, Dennis, McClel-
Jan of Tennessee, Smith of Vermont, Hammond,
Shaw, Sweeny, Doig^and Hook.
Indian affairs.—Messrs. Bell, L. Williams of
North Carolina, Alford, Gross, Chinn, Shepard,
Lucas, Hunt, and John W. Davis of Indiana.
Mileage.—Messrs. Williams of Connecticut,
Williams of Massachusetts, Morgan, Lset.and
Allen of New York.
Expenditures in the Deportment of StaU~*ltmts.
Underwood, Byaum, Crabb, LowdLand Trom-
bnll.
Expenditures in the Department of the Treasury.—
Mes.re. Evan , Atherton, Oibome, Warren, and
Jones of New York.
Exprndüure, in the Department of PrV.-Mesfrs.
R. Garland of Louisiana, Howard, Wegener
Holmes, and Cooper of J entwyrvania.                 '
Expenditunt in the Deportment ef the AW—
Messrs. SaltonstaU, Venderpoel, Sanonton, Greene,
and Gerry.                                                    ,    '
BxpmdUwmin Ihe Department of the Post (me*.—
Messrs. Marvin, Boyd, Lowell, Davis of Kentucky
and Brown of New York.                                r'
Expenditures on the Public BuiWufv.-Messrs.
Stanly, Fornance, Gates, Henry, and Earle.
Foreign affairs—Messrs. Pickens, Cmbinz
Droomgoote, Granger, Bynum, Hawes, Howar •,'
Everett, and Clifford.
JVbwl Jiffaws.—Messrs. F. Thomas, Holmes,
Reed, Kirg, G.wnell, Anderson of Me. Robinson.
Holleman, and Proffir.                                        '
Private Land Claims — Meran . Casey, Garland of
Louisiana, Calhoun, D.llett, Wick, butter of Ky.
Hastings of Mass., Jameson, and White of La.
Military affairs.—Messrs. Cave Johnson, Tnorap
