Im^éw^X r~ " ■ mm*m*m^mmm mm**^*****i**'*^'**f**~~m\  Mint*  — s. ■—
son,of S. C. Miller,Coles, Kemble, Allen, Monroe,
Sunver, and Geggín.
.Vüiits,—Messrs. Keim, Carter, Griffin, Wagner,
P. F. Thomas,Goode,Rogers of S. C. Tripieti.and
Rid* way.
EUttia**—Messrs. Campbell of South Carolina,
Rives, Fillmore, Medill, Crabb, Brown, of Te.,
FisSer, Smt h of Connecticut, and Bottv.
Pukfit Etf*m£t rt .—M* sif. Bii*gs, Smith of
Maine, Bond, R  rulen, Duncan, Crockett, Hall,
Wa'terson, and McCullrch.
Wmp aid .Vtuni.—.Veisrs. Jones of Virginia,
BuiJIe, Athertoa, Lawrence, Rhett, Vandeipoel,
Evans, Conner, and Cooper of Gei .
Mr. KEMPSHALL, a member from the State
of New Yorií, appeared, qualified, and took h>s
seat.
Mr. WISE then rose, and said that, with a view
of preventing the ^nfe which had heretofore
agitated this House and the country, he now took
the earliest opportunity to move a suspension of
the rules of the House lor ihe purpose of sub-
mitting the following resolution:                                 ¡,
RtmlctJ, That upon the presentation of any
memorial or petition praying for the abolition of
slavery or the slave trade in any District, Territory,
or Sute of the Union, and upon the presentation
of any jesolut on or other paper touching that
subject, ¡he reception of such memorial, pet ton,
leso.ntion, or paper, shall be considered a-> objected
to, and the que*¡on of if  reception shall be laid
upon the table, w4tho«t funher debate or fuither ',
action thereon.
Mr. WISE said if there was any objection to
th'«s mot on he woa'd call for the ) eas and nays   '
upon it.
Mr. FILLMORE said if it was necessary to
mike objection, he objected.
Mr. WISE then called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. BELL inqnired if the resolution could be
amended if the rules were suspended?
The CHAIR was of opinion that it could.
Mr. ADAMS moved a call of the House, but ;
the House refused to order the call.
The question was then taken on suspending the ;
rules, and decided in the negative—yeas 109, nays i
77, not being two-thirds, as follows:
YEAS—Mess . AlfonL Jadsori Allen, Simeon H. Anderson,
Andrew*, Atnertoo, Banks, Bell, Boyd,  Brewster,   Aarun V.   ;
Brown, Albert G Brown, Burke, Sampson II. nmler, William   I
U. Bailer. Uvnum, lotin Campbell,William B. Campbell, Carr,
Carter, Gasa-, Chapman, Clifford, Coles,  Colquitt,  Crabb,  ¡'
Crary, Crockett, liana, John Darw, John W. Davis, Garret Da-   '
Tie, Dawson, Diilett, Duncan. Ear!,Eastman, Fisher, Fornance,
Jam's   Garliti't,    Rice   Garland,   Gentry, Gog'in,   Graham,
Gnffia, Habersham, Hfdl  of Virginia,Hill of North Carolina,
Ililken, Hoolc, Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard, Jameson, Joseph
Johnson, Care Johnson, Keim, Kemble, King, Leet, t^onard,
Lewis, Locas, McClellan, MeCuIloch,McKay, Marchand,Medill,
Miller, Montaaya, Montjoniery, Samuel W. Morns, Kewbard,
Ntsbei. Pavnier, Picker ?, Pope, Prentiss, Ramsey, Rayner,
Reynolds, Samuels,  Shaw,  Shepard, Albert Smith, Thomas
Smith. Stanly, Sisenrod, Strong, Stuart, Sumter, Sweeny, Talia-
ferro, Taylor, Waddy Thompson, Jacob   Thompson. Triplet*,
Turney, Underwood, David D. Waiener, Wai ren, Watterson,
Weller, E<iwardD. Whit-, John White, Wick, Jared W. Wit
Items, Lewis William*, Christopher II. Williams, and Sberrod
Williams—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Hugh J. Andersen,
Barnard, IVatty, Biddle, lines . Brockway, Anson Brown,
Calhoun, Chínñ, Chittenden, CUrk, Corwin, Cranston, Curtis-,
Cnstunf, Davee, Edward Dav.es, Doan, Doig, Ely, Evans, Eve-
rett, Fillmore, Fletcher, Floyd. Galbraiih, Gates, Giddings,
«■ode.Granger, Hall, WB. Hasting*. J.Hastings, Henry, Hoff-
man, Hunt, Jackson, James, C. Johnston, Nathaniel Jones,
Kempshali, LeadbeUer, Lincoln, Lowell, Marvin, Mason, Mor-
ías, Calvary Morris, Ojrle. Oiborne, Paten, Parish, Parmenter,
Pan-is, Peck, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Reed, Ridcway,
Edward Rogers, Russell, filada, John Smith, Truman Smith,
Sur k weather, Siorrs, Swcanngen,Tillinehast, Tolsnd, Trum-
bull, Peter J. Wngner, Thomas W. Williams, Henry Wil-
liams, and Joseph L. Williams—77.
[Mr. Black of Georgia not being within the
bar at the moment that his name was called, asked
l«ave to record hs vote; but it was objected to.]
Mr. BELL inqnired whether it  would be in
erder to move to suspend the ru'es for the purpose
of introducing the resolution of the gentleman liora i
Virginia, with this amendment, that all these peti-
tion be referred to the Committee for rte District |
of Columbia, without debate.   It seemed to him j
that this would Le the most proper disposition to
make of ih m.
Mr. WISE. The gentleman's amendment would
be who'lv inf.-msiMtnt with my resolution.
Mr. EELL Tnea I will introduce a new reso-
lution to this effect.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
|     Mr. WISE said he would object to this.    He
; would vote against this House taking any action
whatever upon these   petitions.    As a South*rn
man, he would not admit that the House had auy
right to act up n there matters.
Mr. BELL should be very sorry to do any thing
to interrupt the harmony of this body, and would
not present the resolution, if the general sense of
the Huu<e was against it; but if it would be accep-
table to the members of the House generally, he
would prepare such a resolution.               \
Mr. ADAMS inqnired if h* understood the gen-
tleman Irotn Tennessee as moving to su«plpd/ihe
rules for the purpose of offering the resolution al-
luded to, tbat all Abolition petitions should be re-
ferrel to thj Committee for the District ot Colum-
bia, without debate. He would suggest to the
gentleman from Tennessee, that there was but one
class of these petitions which could properly go to
that committee, and those were petitions for the
abolition of slavery in ihe District of Columbia.
He had no sort of objection to those petitions
taking that course. But there were petitions for
the abolition of slavery in the Territories; lor the
abolition of the slave trade between the States,
and against the admission of new States, whose
constitutions toletated slavery; and certainly these
petition^honld not be nent tolthe Committee for the
District of Columbia. He had no sort of objection
to having petitions in relation lo slavery in the Dis-
trict sent u tie Committee for the Dis rict, and be
had no sort of doubt that that committee would
make a report perfectly satisfactory at least to the
Southern poitionoi the country.
Mr. PICKENS rose to inqnire if this questicn
was debatab'e.
Mr. ADAMS did not desire to debite the ques-
tion at present, and was only making a suggestion
to the gentleman from Tennessee, that petitions re-
lating to slavery should go to different committees.
For his o n part he would be perfectly willing that
the committees on this subject should be appoint-
ed by theSPAUKER, according to his own views en
this subject; only that th?se petitions should be re-
ceived by the House, treated w.th respect, and re-
ferred to appropriate committees, and those com-
mittees might be as strong on one side as any gen-
t!eman here might desire them to be.
Mr. BELL said it had always been his opin:on
that the best mode of di-posing of the¡e petitions
would be to refer them to a committee, and hence
it was that he had proposed to inirodtice a resolu-
tion of the kind before alluded to; but as objec i< n
had been raised to that resolution, he would now
wait until the question was brought up by the pie-
senla-ion of pe'ilions on this subject.
Mr. WISE inquired if it would be in order for
him to move a suspension of the rules again, for
the purpose of introducing his resolution.
The CHAIR replied that it would not be in or-
der, the House having just refused tu suspend.
Mr. WISE.   Then I will give notice that, on
the presentation  of all Abolition pet .lions, I  will
object to their reception, and move to lay ihe ques-
tion of reception on the  table;   and I  will say to
, Nonhern gentlemen and Southern gentlemen, tbat
i I do not admit ih- power ot this House to legislate
upon that «abject.
1     Mr. RICE GARLAND then moved a suspeo-
' sion of the rules, for the purpose of submitting the
following resolutions; and on tbat question he called
for the yeas and nays:
* 1. Bi*oJwd,That Ihe freedom of speech.of the press,
! and of the people, peaceably to assemble, and to
petition the Government for a redress of grievances,
ate rights secured to every citizen by the Constitu-
tion of the United States; bnt in the exercise of
these rights and privi:ese-, no citizen or body of
people in one 6'aie of this Union, has the right so
to use them, or any of them, as to deprive the citi-
zens or people in another Siate of their lights and
privileges, or of the property secured to "them by
the Constitution and laws.
{JJUesoiwd, That ih« power given by the Constitu-
tion to Congress, to exercise exclusive legislation
in all cases whatsoever over such district (not ex-
ceeding ten miles square) as may, by cession of
particular States, and the acceptance of Congress,
become the seat of Government of the United
89
"""■       '     ■               ■     "        "........■     '    ■    '    "        ■'■■-■"I.   -S u  •
States, gives no right or authority to lake the pro-
bate property of any citizen in such district for
public use, without just compensation, and much
,, less does it confer the power to take such property
for no use at all, without the consent of the imme-
diately interested, and without making any com-
pensation for it.
3. Re solved, That the inttrferenceMby the citizens of
any of the States, with the view to the abolition of
slavery in the District of Columbia, is endangering
the rights and security of the people of the District;
and that any actor measure of Congress designed
to abolish slavery in this District would be a vio-
lation of the faith implied in the cessions made by
the States of Virginia and Maryland of said ter-
riiory, a just cause of alarm to the people of the
slaveholding Stales, and have a direct andj in-
evitable tendency to district and endanger this
Union.
4. Resolved, That the House will not consider any
proposition, petition, remonstrance, memorial, re-
solution, motion, or paper, asking or requiring, or
in any manner relating to the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia, or the Territories; nor
will this House consider any proposition, petition,
remonstrance, memorial, resolution, motion, er
pper, asking or requiring, or in any manner re-
lating to, the abolition of the slave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, cr among the several Slates of
ibis Union.
Mr. ADAMS wished to know of the gentleman
from Louúiana, before voting upon this motion to
suspend, whether it was understood that these re-
I    solutions which he had submitted were to be de-
bated, or whether the previous question was to be
called upon them as soon as they were presented.
Mr. R. GARLAND said that these were no
caucus resolution-, and but two gentlemen be&ides
himself had read tnem, previous to their being pre-
sented this morning, and it would te for the House
to d spose of them in such manner as may meet its
pleasure.
Mr. ADAMS conld not trust Ihe House against
the previous question, and would therefore vote
against a suspension of the rales; although he
wou'd be happy to have these resolutions present d
to the House, and fairly and fully debated. That,
said'he, is what the country wants.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. GATES would inquire wheih'r th's motón
to suspend ihe rules was in order. When the gen-
tleman from Virginia asked to suspend the rules,
it was not in crder, bacause the House bad refused
to smreid the rules, and this was preciiely the
same proposition, except that there was prefixed to
it certain absiraciions of no consequence.
The CHAIR considered the proposition some-
what different, and therefore decided the motion to
ij suspend to be in orler.
| ¡      Mr. WISE asked if it would be in order for him
¡i  to move to suspend ihe rules on to-morrow morn-
!  ing, for the purpose of offerirg his re-solution.
!      The CHAIR would decide that question when it
II   would arise. He exprés ei the opinion, however,
that such a motion would be in on'er.
Mr. ADAMS hoped that the gentleman from
Virginia would not offer his resolution again to-
morrow, as he should be satisfied with what had
occurred to-day upon that subject. The gentlemen
cannot suppose that we will submit tj another en-
croachment upon the rights of the people of this
j Union. We have heretofore had enough of that
in the House refusing to act upon these petitions in
i1  any manner.
The CHAIR said the question was not debata-
"   ble.
Mr. ADAMS said if the gentleman from Virgi-
nia was not permitted to debate it, he would not
debate it; but as the gentleman from Virginia had
been debating it, he took the liberty to do the same.
Mr. ALFORD wished to inquire of the Rente-
man fn m Louisiana it it was his intention, by this
1 resolution, that Abolition petitions should be re-
ceived by the House. If that was the gentleman's
intention, he must vote against it.
The question was then taken on susp?nding the
rules, and decided in the negative—yeas 107, nays
82, as follows, there not being two-thirds in favor
of a suspension:
