Congressional glohe.
03
sac
to the act to establish branches of ihe Mint of the
United States; which «as read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PIERCE, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to bring in the fc Howing bills:
A bill for the relief of Joseph Basset;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Collins;
A bill for the relief of John S. Billing-,; and
A bill for the relief of Hannah Laighton;
Which were severally read twice, and refer J
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS gave not.ee that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of Henry J. Pickering.
Mr. SOUTHARD, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill regulating
the pay of matters of the navy; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the Senate, in
accordance with a resolution adopted some days
since, proceeded to the election of a chaplain for
the present session.
The following was the result of the ballotings:
Mr. Cookman,
Mr. Bat -s,
Mr. Mclvor,
Mr. Stewart,
Mr. Braxton,
Mr. "Wilmer,
First Ballot.
14
6
7
5
3
1
Second Ballot.
20
9
6
0
1
1
Mr. Cookman having a majority on the second
ballot, was declared to be duly elected.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate the esti-
mated amounts which will be receivable from the
salt duty during the years 1840, 1811, 1842, and
1843; also, the estimated amounts which will be
payable on account of fishing bounties, and allow-
ances to fishing vesse's, during the same year ; the
said estimates to be all made on the basis of a non-
alteration in the present laws regulating the said
duties, bounties and allowances.
Also, that the Secretary be directed to communi-
cate to the Senate any information in the Treasury
Department going to show that fishing bounties,
and allowances to fishing vessels, have been un-
duly or illegally drawn since the passage of the act
in 1813 for renewing the duty on salt, and reviving
the fishing bounties and allowances consequent
thereon.
Mr. NORVELL submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Aflaits
be instiucled to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation sufficent to effect, by
peaceable and pecuniary means and inducements,
the immediate removal west of the Mississippi of
all the Indians now in the Territory of Florida.
Mr. WALL submitted the following resolution:
Rtsohed, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing an appropriation for the removal of certain
obstructions in the'navigation of the river Passaic
and of Newark bay, in the State o New Jersey.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Rttolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing an appropriation to improve the harbor of the
city of St. Lout*, Missouri.
The bill to amend an act entitled "An act more
effectually to provide for the pnnithment of cer a,n
crimes against the United States, and for other
purroses," was considered as in Committee of the
Who e; and, after some remarks from Mr. WALL,
was ordered to be engros-ed for a third reading.
Tt e bill establishing a Board of Commi-sioners
to hear and determine claims against the United
S'ates, was taken up; and, after ?ome remarks
from Mr. TAPPAN and Mr. HUBBARD, on
motion of the lat'er its further consideration was
postponed until Monday, the 13th January.
The CHAIR announced the following as the
committee, on the part of the Senate, to direct the
expenditures of all raonejs appropriated to pur-
chase books for ihe Library of Ccngress, to wit:
Messrs. TAPPAN, PRESTOS, and WALL.
On motion by Mr. KING,
The Senate w«nt into an Executive session, and
afterwards
Adjourned until Friday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Toskdav, Dec. 31, 1839.
Mr. BRIGGrS moved to amend the journal by
striking from it the resolution submitted on yes er-
day by Mr. Duncan, viz:
Resolved, that the Speaker is heieby advised and
directed to swear into office Mt ssr*. Philemon Dick-
erson, Peter D. Vroom, Daniel B Ryall, Wil-
liam R. Cooper, and Joseph Kille, members elect
from the St a'e of New Jersey, and said memtes
thereon be directed to take their seats until the con-
test is regu'ariy determined by the House.
Mr. DUNCAN said he had introduced this reso-
lution not only because he conside ed it due to the
individuals named in it, but kecause he be íeved it
to be a r/rm'eged question.
The CHAIR said th? gent'eman could not pro-
ceed to discuss thi rserits of the íesoluiion on a
mo'ion to amend the journal.
Mr. DUNCAN believed the reso'uion to be a
privileged question, and he was sustained in this
be íef by a precedent on yesterday mo'mng.
The CHAIR again intimated that the gent'eman
could not discuss the meri's of the reso'ution.
Mr. BRIGG3 contended that the reso'uton ought
not to appear on the journal, because the Chair had
decided it on yesterday to be out of order, and the
House had sustaine I that decision.
Mr. SMITH of Maine thought this reso'ution
ought to go on ihe journal. It would be reelect-
ed, that, on a former occasion, a gent'eman from
New Jersey moved to have a cer am protest en-
tered on the journal, and, a though the House de-
cided by a solemn vote that it should not go on the
journal, gentlemen had contended thai it shou'd go
on; and thy attained their object by moving it af-
terwards in the shape of a reso Ltion, and calling
the yeas an I nays uron it, although the House
again decided it should not go on the journal.
Aftfra few remarks by Messrs CUSH1NG,
TILLINGHAST, and BROWN of Tennessee,
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion; when it appeared there wen*—
yeas 72, najs 83. So the House refused to pmeiid
the journal.
Mr. JAMESON then moved to ameBd the jour-
nal of last Fuday, so as to make it conform to the
state of facts as they occurred in regard to a mo-
tion made by him on that day. [The substance
of the amendment will be found in Mr. J.'s point
of order in yesterday's proceeding*.
The CHAIR thought it was too la'e now to
amend the journal of last Friday.
Mr. JAMESON contended that the journal
might be corrected at any time; and read an ex-
tract from the Manual in support of this position.
The CHAIR then entertsined Ihe mo ion.
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas andnavs,
which were orderert; and wete—jeas 79, naj s 77.
So the quesfon was decided in the affirnrt've.
Mr. COLES moved to su-pend the rules for the
purpose of offerirg the following reseluttonit
| fitsofted.That every petition, rremo nl, resolution,
proposition, or papers, touching or relating Ai any
way, or to any extent whatever, to the abohion of
slavery in Ihe Sutes of this Un'on, or either o<
them, or in the District of Co'um' n, or in thd Tei
ritones of the Un ted Sta'es, or either of themyBr
the removal of slates from one State to anoTvr,
shall, on the presenta ion thereof, without any fur-
ther action thereon, be laid upon the tab'e without
being debated, printed or referred.
Mr. STANLY írquneJ if this resolution did not
contemplate the rtception of Abolition petitions.
Mr COLES said that dfpended upon t!se con-
struction of the effect of laying petit'ons on the tab'e.
Mr. DUNCAN inquired if (he resolution could
not be amended by the House, if the rules were
suspended.
The CHAIR said it could.
Mr. CRABB said he should vote against the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, because—
The CHAIR.   The question is not debatable.
Mr. CRABB continued. He should vote against
suspension, because the resolution contempla'ed the
reception by the Hou>e of these petitions.
Mr. GRANGER called for the yeas and nay,
which were oidered, and were—3'eas 87, nays 84,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Alford, S H Anderson, Andrews, Alherton,
Banks Beatty, Ueirne, Bell, Boyd, Brewster, A V Brown,
A G. Brown, Buike, W. O Butler, Bynum, Carter, Clifford,
Coles, Crockett, Cross, J. W Davis, Garret Davis, Dawson,
Dillctt, Doig, Earl, Eastman, Fisher, Fornance, Galbraith, J.
Garland, R Garland, Gogem, Graham, Graves. Griffin, Hill of
Virginia, Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, Hook, Hopkins,
Howard, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Ca\e Johnson, Keim,
Kembte, King, Leet, Lewis, Lucas, McClellan, McCullob,
McKay, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery,
Newhard, Pajris, Pickens Pope, Ramsey, J Rogers, Samuels,
Shaw, Shepard, Albert Smith, Thomas Siruh,8teenrod, Strong,
Sumter, Sweeny, Taliaferro, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Trlp-
lett, Turney, Underwood, D D Wagener, Warren, Watterson,
E. D White, John White, Wick, Jartd W. Williams. Lewis
Williams, and C H Williams—87
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Judson Allen, John W, Allen,
Barnard, Biddle, Black, Briggs, Brockway, Anson Brown,
Calhoun, Carr, Casey, Chinn, Claik, Colquitt, Corwin Crabb,
Cranston, Curtis, Cushing, Davee.E Danes, Doan, Duncan,
Ely, Evans, Everett, Fillmoie, Fletcher, Gates, Giddinga,
Goode, Granger, Green, Habersham, Hall, Hand, William S
Hastings, J Hastings, Ueniy, Hoffman, Hunt, Jackson, James,
Chas Johnston, Nathaniel Jones, Kempshall, Leadbetlei,
Lincoln, Lowell, Matlory, Marvin, Morgan, C Morri*, Nisbet,
Ogle, Osborne, Parish, P,irmenter, Peck, Randall, Randolph,
Rantlen, Rayner, Reed, Reynolds, Ridgway, Edward Rogers,
Russc'l, Sergeant, Slade, John Smith, Truman Smith, Stark
weather, Storrs,Stuart,Swearmgen Tillinghast, Toland, Trum-
bull, P. J. Wagner, Weller, T. W. Williams, and H Wit-
hams—84.
So the House refused to suspend the rules, it
requiring twe-thirds to susperd.
[When the name of Mr. Nisbet was called,
he rose and slated that he voted against the sus-
pension, because the resolution recoguLed the right
of the Hou'e to act on this question.]
Mr. WISE then moved a iaspension of the rules,
for the purpose of offering the u solution submitted
by him on yesterday, wb'ch was a different resolu-
tion fiom ihe one which had ju«t been presented to
the House. His resolution denied the recption of
Ato'ition petitions; the one nhich the House had
just refused to admit, contemplated their reception.
His wps a Southern resolution, the other was a
Northern resolution. His resolution was in t e
following words:
Resolved, That upon the presentation of any me-
morial or petition praying for the abolition of sla-
very or the slave trade in any District, Territory,
or State of the Union, arid upon the pres ntation
of any resolution or other paper tmc'iing that
sub,ect, the reception of iuch memorial, p t't'ot,
re o!ut'on,or piper, shall be considered as object-d
to, and the question of its reception shall be laid
upon the table, without further debate or further
act'on thereon.
Mr. GRANGER inquired if it was in order to
move rgnn to suspend the rules to admit this re-
solution, the House having once refuse^! to sus-
pend the rules for the admission of thi* same reso-
lu ion. He wished to know whether the r ght of
petition was thus to Le stifled in advance.
The CHAIR said it was in order to move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. WISE said he moved to suspend the rnles
to admit this resolution, and he would continue to
make this motion, un'il he got a distinct vote upon
tf, if it consumed hours every day.
/ Mr. ADAMS wished to know if the Chair de-
luded thit a motion for a spec fis object, which had
^ been rejected by the Hous*, could be moved every
day. Could a gentleman move every day to im-
pend the rules to admit a resolution which the
House had refus d to receive?
The CHAIR was of opinion that the gentle-
man could move to suspend the rules to-day, as
there might be a reasoa which induced the House
not to suspend yesterday, which did not exist
to-day.
Mr. ADAMS believe 1 that there was a rule of
the House, which declared th*t when a propo-ition
was once rejected by the Houv, it was not in
order again to introduce it. If the Chair made a
decs'on that this motion could be made every
morning, and the genthman carried out h s thnat
that be would move it every day, 'he whole ses-ion
may be consumed by met ons of this kind, calling
the ye2s and najs upon them, and debating them.
Mr. WISE. Doe  the gentleman appeal trom
tbe decision of the Ciuir?
