$l_
CoSGRESSÍONAL GtÓfiE.
Mr. ADAMS was unwilling to appeal from the
decision of the Chair; bat if this decision was ad-
hered to, and the gentleman from Virginia a -
temp e4 to carry out his threat, the House would
find it necessary to reverse the decision.
Mr.C. H. W1LUAMJ3 hoped the gentleman
finm Virginia would withdraw his motion, so that
the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Chink] might
be enabled to submit one which he had prepared,
which was entirely different from that cf the gen-
tleman from Virginia.
Mr. WISE could not withdraw this proposition,
which he had prepared af.er due deliberation.
Mr. PICKENS desired to make an observation
in repl? to the remarks of the gentleman from Vit-
ginia, [Mr. Wis .]
The CHAIR called to orier.
Mr. PICKENS continued. He was in favor of
the resolution of the gentleman from Virginia,
{Mr. Wise,] but he thought it was veiy similar to
the one introduced by the gentleman's colleague,
l.Mr. Coles;] both, according to srricrparliamen-
tary rule, held the question of reception in abey-
ance.
Mr. DOIG called for the yeas and n?ys on the
motion to suspend the ru'es, which were ordeied,
and were—yeas 87, nays 85, not tw-t'm's, as
fo lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Simeon H. Anderson, Andrews, Alherton,
Banks, Beatiy, Beirne, Black, llord, Brewster, JUron V.
Brown, A, G. Brown, Burke, W. O- Butler, Jlynum, Carter,
Chapman, qiifford, Coles, Crabb, Crockett, John W. Davis,
■ Garret Davis, Dawson, DHIett, Doig, Eastman, Fisher, James
-Garland,  Rica Garland,  Gentrr, Gogfin, Graham, Graves,
Griffin, Habersham, Hill of Virginia, Hill of N. Carolina,
Hillen, Hook,Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard, Jameson, Jos. John-
son, Wb. Cost Johnson, Care Johnson, Keim. Kemble, King,
Leaojtrt), Lucas, MeCleltan, AfrKay, Marchand, Miller. Hon
• tasva, Monigomery, Brunei W. Morris, Newhard, Nisbet,
farmer, Kckens, rope, Ramsey, Rayner. Samuels, Bhaw,
- fJhepard, Thomaa Smith, Stanly, Steenroa, SiMmjr, Sumter,
■ Taliaferro. Taylor, Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Trip*) , TSiTnar, Underwood. David D. Wag-ner, Warren,
Watttrson, Weller, Juta White, Jared W. Williams, «nd
lAWJiWilttamn   fln
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Alten, Jlufh J. Ander-
son, Barnard, Brtgga, Brockway, Anson Brown. Calhoun, Carr,
Casey, Chirm, Chittenden, Clark, Cranston, Curtis, Cushlnc,
oDavee, Davis*. Doan, Duncan.Ely,Evans, Everett, Fillmore,
Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance, Galbmith, Gates, Giddings, Goode,
Granger, Green, Hall, Hand. Wm. 8. Hastinct, J. Hastings,
* Henry, Hoffman, Hnnt, Jackson, James, Charles Johnston,
Kemphsall, teadbetter, Lincoln, Lowell, Mallory, Marvin,
M edil I, Morgan, Calvary Morris, Ogle, Osborne. Palen, Parish,
Parmemer, Parris, Peek, Randall, Randolph, Rsriden.Reed,
Reynold*, Ridgwoy, Edward Rogers, Russell, Sergeant, Slade,
Albert Smith, John Smith, Truman Smiin, Starkweather,
Storrs, Stuart, Swearingeo, Sweeny, Tillinshast, Tiiland,
Trumbull,' **• * •>- Waener, Thomas W. Williams. Henry
WUtiaai*, Joseph L. Williams, and Christopher H. Wit-
liams-86.
So the House iern-ei to  nspen 1 the rute .
Mr. CHINN then moved to supend the rules
, for tte purpese of submittijng the following resolu-
Evolved, That all petifons, memoria's, lesolu-
. tions, and addre ses of every de cription, touching
the afeol tion of slavery in the Í) strict of, Columbia,
or In the States or Terri ories, or in any manner
, relating to the ex stence of slavery o' the s ave trade
in the United State*, te referred, wiihout debate, lo
a se'ect committee.,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON callel/or the.ywsand
nays on the raoti. n to suspend ihe ru'e?, whieh
wt re ordered, and were—yeas 112, nays 66, not
, tw- -ibirJ , as folows:
1TEAS.—Messrs. Adams,  Jndson Allen, John W. Allen,
Ffugh J. Anderson, Simeon  Anderson,  Andrews, Barnard,
Beattyi Bell, Brewster,  Brig**,   Brockway, Calhoun, Carr,
Carter, Catey, Chino,  Chittenden, Clark, Clifford, Cnrwin,
Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cushing, Dana, Divee, Edward
Davies, John W. Davis, Garret Davis, Doan, Doip, Duncan,
Earle,  Elv, Evans. Everett, Fillmore, Fletcher, Floyd. Gal-
. braiih, Gentry, Giddinf*, Coode, Graves, Green, Hail, Hand,
William  S.   Hastings, Hoflman, Jackson, James, Charles
Johnston, Nathaniel Jorirs, Keim, Kemble, Kempshall, Lead-
better. Leonard, Lincoln, McCnlloh. Mallory. Marcbanri, Mar-
vin, lHwtanya, Morgan, Sam'l W. Morris, C. Mortis,Newhaid,
Ogle, Oshorn, Palen, Parmenter, Parris, Paynter, Peck, Pren-
tiss. Ramsey,   Randall, Randolph,  Rariuen, Reed, Reynold?,
Ridgway, Edward Rogers,  Sergeant, Slade. Albert. Smith,
John Smith, TrunVn Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather,
Storrs, Strong, Taylor, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplet!, Tram-
.   bal . David D. Wagener, Ieler J. Warner, Weller, Edward
D White, John Whi'e, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Thomas
• W. Williams, Henry Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Christo-
pher H. Williams, and Shejrori Williams—112.
NAYS—Mesera. Al ford, Atherton, Banks, Beirne, Blark,
Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Anson Brown, Burke, William O.
'Bailer, Bynum, John Campbell, Chapman, Coles. Colquitt,
Crabb, Cross, Dawson, Dillett, Eastman, Fisher, James Gar-
bind, Bice Garland, Gate*. Goggin, Graham. Granger, Griffin,
rtabereham, J. Hastings, Hill of Virginia, Hill of N. C. Hillen,
HHMn, Hopkbtt, Hubbard, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Wm.
C. Johnson, Cave Johnson, King, Lewis, Lucas, McCWllan,
McKay, Miller, Montgomery, Nisbet, Parish, Pickens, Pope,
Rayner, James Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Stanly,
-Steenrod, Stuart, Sumter, fewearingen, Sweeny, Taliaferro,
Jacob Thompson, Turney, Underwood, WattersOn,, and
Lewis, Wil!iams-66.
So the House refused to suspend the rules ft r
this prrpose.
Mr. SEÜGEANT moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose of offering the following resolu-
tion:
Buolvci, That the 2Cth rule of the House be
so altered, that the daily presentation of petitions
be allowed for twenty days from this day.
Oniakir.gthe question, tellers were called for,
and Mf s«rs. Griffin and Montgomery were ap-
pointed, who, on counting, reported 130 ayes, and
36 noes.
The rules, therefore, having been suspended,
the question arose on the adoption of the resolu-
tion:        ___
Mr. BYNTJM expressed  his  hopes  that  the
House wou'dnot pass that resolution at that time;
and be calted upon every gentleman  from the
slaveho'dmg S atis to rise in defence of that in-
terest which had been a saulted there that morn-
ing, and agait st which the power of that House
was to be brought to bear.   He d d not intend to
enier in'o a d secssinn of the subject of slavery;
but as a Southern man, the tu^ject having been
left open, and thfy havng been ds incily iiformed
by two or three gent.smen, lhat pelitioos on that
subject were io be introdnced and di-cussed,  be
hoped lhat every Southern man, as well as tvery
Northern men, frieid y to Ihe peace and safely of
ihe South, would seit e the quest  n wi h   regard
lo the introduct on of such peiitiuns before adopting
the rtsolution beftre them.   He had heard a pro-
pc si lion this morn;ng which surmised and alarmed
him.   It was made by a Souhern gentleman, to
cimrromise that subject  which admitted of no
compromise.,  He hoped that no door wou'd te
left open for the introdection of Abolition petitions,
which would be the case if the House pawed 'he
«solution.    He hrped th; yeas and nays wou'd
be taken on the question, and moved that it be
taken that way.
. Mr. CRABB rose to a qurstion of rrder. It ap-
peared to him as clear as ib.? n onday sun, that
this resolution was no*, in or^erftrdiscussion. All
that had, teen done by the House was the suspen-
sión of the tules, lo enable the pei.t'eman from
Penrsylvaoia to offer h>s reiolmiun. Ettt theie
was another resolution of the House which he did
)a< t consider suspended, that lequired the resolu-
tion to lay oterone day for consideration.
Mr. CRABB here^ead the rule he referred to.
The SPEAKER said lhat the motion of the
gentleman from Pentifylvania was f<r a suspension
of all the rules that prevented the reception of his re-
solution. It did not specify any panicu'ar rule, but
included ihe om referred to by the gentleman from
Alabama, a.« well as the ethers.
Mr. J&NIFER said he had declined voting oa
both the questions presented this reo'iiinir, in con-
sequence of having paired off with an absent col-
-league; and it was, th refore, he wished to oner., a
few remarks, in order to prevent any misconstruc-
tions being put on his not voting. He underftood
the propositen now before the House, to be a pro-
vision for the reieption of petitions daly ftr
twenty days to cone, inasmuch as the thirty
da)S from the commencemet t of earh se$-
Hon, within sh'ch tte mies allewed pen'tons
to te presented, h?d erpred, afier havirg
been taken t p wit1  other tusmess. Nuw, he further
undeisood that ti^iü resolut'on was objected to on
the ground thít Abol tion pe itiors miglit be forced
up n the House if it should be adopted. He did
not mean lo argue the question as; to the expe-
diency ofreceiv ng Abolition pttitiors;but he must
contend that there were oihe s ¡n the country who
had a rig t to petition this Hous;as well as the
Abolitkmis s, and lhat it would be JvgMy unju t to
cut them oft from a chance of be ng heard, be-
canse Ab< 1 t;on sts nvght also come in. He was
not affa;d or b-ing called an Abolitionist, and did
not consider those gentlemen the mo.-t strenuous
opposers of Abolition who got up and made the
most fuss about it. He was one of those who, ad-
mitting the right of the people to petition for a
I
redre-s of grievances, yet beieved that the Hou>e
had a right to reiu-eany pet.tion it thought proper.
Mr. J. continued his remarks in support of ihe re-
solution, contending that it was neht and pr< per
to allow time for the reception of pei ions, and
that if they rejected the reso'ution it would have
the effect of precluding a large portion of the peo-
pie of the United Sietes from p esenting their peti-
tions to the National Legislature.
«Mr. LEWIS made a few «b ervations in favor
of the tesolu'ion.   If they did not adopt it, he said,
gentlemen would not g°t enough time durin? the
whole of the ensuing session, to offer the  peii ions
With which they wtre charged.   If only one day in
the week was allowed for  petiions, as   would be
the case under the rules, wiihout p?ss ng this reso-
! lu'kn, that day would te taken up ftr the remain
, der of the session  with the subject of Abolit.on.
¡ Petitions   were fir t ca le 1   by the   Chair, from
¡ Maine; next was Macsachu et:s, and when they
came to that State, an Abolition petition ivas inva-
Í riably presented, which  occupied the it hole day.
I In cons que nee oí 'he cbs'.ructions occa.-ionfd by
' Abolition   petitions  from Massachusetts, he had
, been kept for months wiihout having a ¡-ingle  op-
I po.tuniy of offtring th^e  which he had in  his
I desk, waiting for it.      He  wax very «illitig to "e-
Í fuse the reception of Abolltitn pet ti< ns aliogaibe-;
but he could not aeree to stop the way against all
petitions of every other nature,  because  thofe on
the subject of Abolition might be forced upon the
House.
Mr. STANLY said that when a gent'eman
threw down a gauntlet to him in defence of South-
ern righ's, he would go ps far as he who Went
farthest He would not, however, give his support
to miserable, jaundiced resolution*, concocted in a
caucus, like that óf the last sf ssion.
The SPEAKER informed Mr. Stanly thit it
was not in order to discuss a resolution pjssad at
the last session.
Mr. STANLY said he would vote for the reso-
lution, because it was due to the whole country
that petitions should be admitteJ, and he would
not, for fear of having Abolition petitions present-
ed, shut the door asainst all others. When the
-call had been made on him, as a Southern man, to
gofjr Southern interes's, he felt bound to say that
he was as ready as any t> go lor the true inters s
of the South; and he, m his turn, called upon gen-
tlemen to come np to the mark, and not content
themselves wi-h the adoption of a miserable reso-
lution, made to protect hypocrites, that would be
capabk of one construction at the Noitb, and ano-
ther at the South.
Mr. HOFFMAN observed, lhat, by the rules of
the House, the fist thirty days of every session
were allowed for the reception of petitions; but this
period of the pteent session having been used up
by the New Jersey question,the object of the gent'e-
manf.om Pennsylvania in offering his resolution,
was nothing more than to allow the usual time for
he presentat on and reference of petitions. This
being the simple question befo e the House, he wa?
as*oni*h«d to find tiat the gentleman from North
Caroiina called upon the members from ihe slave-
holding Sutes to be cautions how they admitted
this proposition, Jes' pet.tions ho ti'e to their inte-
rests might be b-ought in under it. It seemed strange
to him, that every gentleman who had disens ai
this proposition, had considered it only on the
ground whether it was favorable or unfavorab'e to
the Sooth. The gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Byndm] had wa ned his Southern friends of
its danger to Southern interests. The gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Lewis] and the gentleman
fiom North Car .lina, [Mr. SiMnty,] on the o her
hand, did not deem it so objectionab e; though none
of them seemed lo consider that the North hnd any
thing to do with the question. He would, there-
fore inform gentlemen of all parts of the House,
that be and his Northern friends had some inte-
rest in this matter.
Mr. STANLY explained that he had supported
the resolution on the ground that the whole country
was interested m the admission of petitions
Mr. HOFFMAN replied that hi was exceed-
K,y ?• h"e, mis,ePresented his friend from
North Carohna, for whose opinioiw he hai the
