I,",' , '
highest respect; and he was satisfied that when-
ever he differed with him, he himself was ge-
nerally in tie wrong. [Laughter.] He agreed with
his fiiead from Nonh Carolina that the whole coun-
try, the North and the South, was alike interested
in the adoption of this resolution. Mr. H. refetred
to ih'e number of petitions from the various sections
of the Union, that would be cut off by anadhtrence
to the rols, and particularly to those from Revolu-
tionary soldiers; and he trusted that a resolution of
tbis kind woujd not be bounded by sectional feel-
ings of Southern or Northern men. All the States
have,said be, Revolutionary sold.ers; and he trusted
i            that the door would be opened for the reception of
their petition* for thirty days longer.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland rose for the pur-
pose of saying tha) he should vote with great plea-
sore for the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. He thought it was due to the con-
venience of the members, as well as the interés of
the country. Hecculd say win the gentleman
from Alabama, that he had had petitions in his
desk for months—that he had been ptevente I from
offering them on the only day in the week a lowed
forpetii.ons,by an Abolition d« bate; and such would
be the case for this session, if the resolution was not
adopted.
Whi'st np, he would say one word to his South-
era friend'. He w shed every Southern man on
that floor to speak for himself individually, and
not for the Sooth. He hoped all Southern gentle-
men would adopt that vocabulary, and net raise
their load voices here as champions of the South.
1 allow no man, said Mr. J. to speak for me. 1
follow no file leader; and as a Southern man, and
a Sou hern Representative, I speak for myself
and my const.toents alone. I am sick to death,
continued Mr. J. of hearing men speak of the
South—the South; and men, too, in whose
trust the South would never repose their in-
terests, and if they did, they would be sacrificed.
He had been here fcr six years, and never raised
his voice in faior of Southern rights; but whenever
the time came when it would be necessary to de-
fend them, he would be found in the front of the
battle; though this he admitted would not be say-
ing] a great deal for bis fortitude at least. Mr.
J. spoke of the great inconvenience attending
the presentation of petitions at the latter end of the
tension; in cons quence of wh ch the commit'ees
would be nnable to report on ihem in time for the
action of the House. In order that the committees
m ght report on petitions early enough in the ses-
sion for the House to act on them, and ihat they
might protect, as well as separate, private interests
f om questions involving the great interests of the
niion, it was essential that the resolution should
be adopted, giving the twenty da} s in lieu of the
thirty that had te n consumed in the agitaton of
tie New Jer.-ey e'ection questions.
Mr. GARLAND of louis'ana thought they
wete getting up something like a tempest in a tea-
pot, and therefore called for the previous question.
Mr. BYNUM appea'ed lo Mr. Garland to
withdraw the moticn for the previous question,
a  he had been attacked by three gentlemen on the
opfosite side, and had Leen grossly misrepr. s*n:ed,
ai.d he only wished to say a few words in reply to
those gentleman, [Mefs s. Johkson of Maryland,
Jenifk*, and Stanly.] He shou'd think it hard
if he we e net granted this privilege.
Mr. GARLAND said he would not withdraw
hi* motion fcr the previous question, which cut off
>           tur her remarks on the subject
Mr. BYNUM ihen said that it was the usual
practice of that party, after having two or three
Lullies to attack a gentleman and do him injustice,
to refuse to let him reply to such attacks.
Mr. BLACK inquired if it «a; in ordar to
•mend the resolution after the call of the previous
question.
The CHAIR said that it was not; but that the
gentleman could move to lay the call for the pie-
vie tts question on the table. If, however, he suc-
ceeded in his motion, it would not then te in order
lir him to offer an amendment.
Mr. BLACK then submitted an amendment,
which was read for the information of the Hou.e,
the purport pf which was to allow of the reception
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcÉ.
■                                                              ■ •
of all petitions for twenty days, with the except'on
of those relating to the subject of Abolition.
The CHAIR having decided the amendment to
I   be out of order,
Mr. BLACK observed that unless it was re-
ceived, he would vote rg..inst the resolution.
The qaestion was then taken on seconding ihe
call for the previcus question, and earned—ayes
114, noes not counted.
The question, " Shall the main question be now
put?" was taken and carried; after which,
The main question on  the adop'ion of the reso-
lution was then put and carried Without a division.
Mr. EVANS moved  thatwhrn theHiu-e al-
jcurns, it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
Mr. DOIG moved tn amend the motion by sub-
stitutirg Thursday instead of Friday.
Mr. ALFORD moved fuither to amend, by sub-
stituting ro-morrow ins'ead ol Friday.
The SPEAKER, according to the rules, put the
question fiist in the fatthest day off; and tellers
having le:n called for, Mess's. Garland of
Louisiana, ar,d Williams of Kentucky, weie
appoiüt'íd, who, on counting, reported 95 ayes,
52 no's.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that 5,000 copies
of the map of ihe se. t of war in Fit r.da
accompanying the rero t of the Pe.retary of
War, be prmteJ for the use of the House; which
mnii n was adopted.
The SPEAKER la'd before the House a com-
munication fiom the President of the United States,
enclosing ceran documents from the Treasury
Department, in relation to a decision made by the
Circuit Court of the United States for the first cir-
cuit, as to the papers generally u>ed by vessels en-
gaged in the whale fisheries, which,
On motion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, was're-
ferred to tke Commit ee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House, aV, the
follow ing communication from the President of tbe
United Sia'es:
To the House of Representatives:
1 transmit to Congress copies of a communica-
tion from Governor Luca , and of additional docu-
ments in relat'on to the disputed bound-ry 1 ne be-
tween the Territory of Iowa and the State of Mis-
souri.                                    M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, Dec. 30, 1839.
On motism  of Mr.  W.  W. CHAPMAN, said
communication and documents were referred to
the Committee on the Territories, and ordered tobe
!   printed.
¡,      Also, the  fol'owing communication from the
President of the United States:
j    To the Howe of Representatives:
I communicate to Congress a report from the
1 Secretary of State in relation to applications on
! the part of France for Ihe extension to vess ls
coming from the colonies of French Guiana and
Senegal, rf the benefits granted by the act of9ih
May, 1828, to vessels of the sime nation, coming
from the islands of Guadaloupe and Martinique,
and for the repayment of duties levied in the dis-
trict of Newport upon theFrtnh ship "Alexan-
dre" and part of her cargo. The cucumstances
under which these duties were demanded, be'ng, as
sta'ei by the Sccietary of the Treasury, of a cha-
ra' ter lo en i 1  the parties to relief, I recommend
the adoption of the necessary Jegis'ative provisirns
to authorize th'ir employment. I likewise invne
your attention to the evidence contained in the ac-
companying decumenti as to the treatment of our
vesse's in the port of Cayenne, which will doubtless
b  found by Congress such as to authorize the ap-
plication, to French vessels coming from that co'ony,
of the liberal pnncples which have hitherto go-
verned the action of the Legislature in analogous
cases.                                    M   VAN BUREN.
Washington, Dec 31, 1839.
On motion of Mr. CUSHING, ordered to be re-
ferred to tbe Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
printel.
A communicat'on from the Executive enc'o ing
a report from the Secretary of State on the subject
of the law for taking ihe sixth census of the Urn'tel
Sates, which was, on mor'on of Mr. R. GAR-
LAND, referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
§5
• 
Also, a communication from the Secre'ary of the
Navy, in compliance wih a   resolution  of the
House of Representatives of 19th February, 1839,
!  rcpoting a plan for the reorganization of tbe Navy
(  Perariroent. so as  to dispense wuh the Board of
Navy Commiss'oners.
|      On motion ot Mr. RICE GARLAND, it was ri-
,  ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BR^GGS,
The House then adjourned till Friday next.
IN SENATE,
Friday, January 3, 1840.
The Hon. NATHAN F. DIXON, electe! by
the Legislature of Rhode Island, a Senator from
that State, for six years from the 4th March last;
and
The  Hon.  FELIX GRUNDY, elected  by the
Legislature of Tennessee, a Senator from that State
I    for six ye rs from the 4th March last;
¡i      Appeared, were qualified, and t^ok their seats
I   in the Senate this morning
¡       The CHAIR submitted to the Sinate ti e foil w-
j   ing document-:
A message frrm the Piesilent of the Un.ted
Sfates, communicating additional information in
relation to the deputed boundary line between the
Slate of Michigan and Territory of Iowa; whch
, was referred to the Committee on tbe Jud.ciary,
and ordered to be prin'ed.
A message from the President of the United
Stiles, respecting the extension of the same pri-
vileges to Fiench vessels coming from Guiana and
Senegal, as those from Guadihupe and Mar-
I tinique; and also in re-latii n to the da ies exacted
1 on the cargo of the French ship Alexandre, at
Newport; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be prin'ed.
A report from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in re-
lation to the fiscal regulations of foreign countries;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
A report from the Posmaster General, showing
the names and salaries of the clerks employed in
I,  that Department during the year 1839; which was
j'   ordered io lie on the table, and be printed.
]       Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented the peLt'on
I   of citizens of township 2, range 2, eas , of Hun's-
ville land district, praying for the privilege cf re-
linquishing the sixteenth section; which was refer-
red to ihe C mmittee en the Public Lands.
Also, the petition of the corporate authorities of
the city of Mobile; which was referred to the Com-
mit ee on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of the heirs of M'gael Eslava;
which ws referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. SOUTHARD, the petition
and papers of Eliza Laurie, on file, were referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. KING presented the petition of J. B. Han-
cock, who was entitled to a reservation of land by
the treaty of Dancing Rabbit creek, but had not re-
ceived the same, prajing Congress to grant relier;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. SEVIER presented a petition from certain
officers of the army, praying for an equal zitkn of
pay, and that the office!s of the staff may te sepa-
rated from 'he line of the aimy; which was refer-
reJ to the Committee on Military Affairs.
AI«o, the petition of John Fov, for a confirma-
tion of title; which was referred to the Ctmmittte
on Pri/ate Land Claims.
On moti> n by Mr. SMITH of Connecticut, the
papers on file in the case of Ezra Chapman were
refeneJ to the Commit es on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. PIERCE presented the petition of Hannah
All<n and David Green; which were severally re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petitions of Wil-
liam Ferguson, Elisha Bentley, and Frederick
Sammons; which were seveially referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, to which was referred the petition of cer-
tain manufacturers of wool, praying for a revision
