98
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ina hereself. if he was not mis'aken in his judg-
ment of the political signs of the times, and if the
information which came to him was to be relied on,
a dar would come, and that not very Distant
neither, when the Senator would not daie to
rise in his place and presume to speak as he had
this day done, as the organ of the gallant peop'e
of the State he represented. As to cancelment of
obligations, he was not one of those looking out to
see what would enure to him in consequence of
them; but he contented himself with having per-
formed hisduty to the best of his ability, and that was
the highest reward that his ambition ever aimed at.
His race was nearly run—run by the course of na-
ture—ran, if you please, by the course of poli'ical
events; and he had nothing to ask for from South
Carolina, the South at large, or the whole country—
nothing. But he should go, when he chose to do
so, into retirement, with a consciousness that,
daring the period of a long and eventful life, he
had served his country faithfully, zealously, with-
out beiag influenced by hope of reward, or any
ether motives than a sincere desire to promote its
best interests; and whatever the Senator from
South Carolina might sjy as to the cancellment
of obligations, he could not deprive him of that
delightful consciousness.
Mr. CALHOUN. The Senator brings against
me the vague charge of egotism. He would ap-
peal to the Senate, in order to repel it, whether
there is any member of the body more exempt from
speaking of himself than he was, unless when at-
tacked. How stands the fact? The Senator has
made it bis practice of late to give all his discus-
sions with him a personal turn. What was he to
do? If he repelled his attacks, he was forced to
speak of himself, and to expose himself to the
charge of egotism from the Senator; or, if he re-
mained silent, to stand convicted of bis charges. Is
that fair? He has another practice, not less unfair,
to make an attack on him, and to turn round and
«cense him of making the attack, when he simply
repelled it, as in the present instance.
He accuses me of reverting to the part he took in
the transactions of 1825. He mistakes my object
entirely in referring to those old transaction?. It
was not to make a charge against him, but to make
him feel that he was the last man who ought to
make the accusation he has on the present occa-
sion. The course of the Senator, aod that of myself,
is directly the opposite. He has a land bill of his
own. He brings it in; he refers it to what com-
mittee he chooses, without any interference on my
part, or any personal attack on him; but I can-
not make a move without his interference and at-
tack.   Bnt enough of this.
I rose simply to supply some remarks which I
intended to make when last up. The Senator
said, as I understood him, that it was matter of his-
tory, that I preferred the candidate on whom he
cast his vote for the Presidency in 1825. I know
not if there be a page of history to tiat effect. I
have never seen if, and if there be, it is false. The
truth of the case is, that I was opposed to Mr.
Crawford, for reasons which I need not now state,
as were Mr. Adams and Gen. Jackson. When my
name was withdrawn from the list of candidates
for the Presidency, it was placed on the ticket of
both those candidates for the Vice Presidíncy; and
between them I took no part, as in decorum,
I ought not. When I was elected Vice President,
the same, and even higher considcatioas, prevented
me from using any influence as between ihem,
when the election went to the House.
Mr. CLAY wished to add one word more.   He
made the inquiry of the Senator from South Ca-
rolina, to know wheiher this great measure which
contemplated the cession to the new States of such
a vast domain, was connected with, or had received
«the sanction of the Administration or not.   He
merely made the inquiry, and if the "galled jade
wioced," it was not his fault.   He made no allu-
sion, fcr the purpose of wounding the Jeelings of
the Senator from South Carolina.   He said that
new relations had arisen between that gentleman
and the Administration, and therefore, he made
Ihe   inquiry   of    him.     Was    it    wrong   in
him to ask if this great measure bad the sup-
port 9( hif  new  friends?    Tiw   Senator,   in-
stead of answering this plain inquiry, flew into a
passion, and cancelled all obligations he was under
towards him; but ifhe had only said,"I know nothing
of the views of the Administration; I introduce my
own measure on my own responsibility," there
would have been no controversy between them.
The Senator, therefore brought this controversy on
himself.
Mr. WALKER observed that it was only neces-
sary to look back to the stage of the business whf n
the bill of the gentleman from South Carolina was
introduced, to show how the controversy between
him and the Senator from Kentucky commenced.
The latter, in his opening speech, commenced with
an inquiry from the former, as to wheiher his bill
was or was not an Executive measure.   Now, he
apprehended, if the Senator from Kentucky had di-
rected his attention to the time and circumstances
under which this bill was originally introduced, his
question would have been answered.     The  bill
now   introduced    was   not    a  new    measure.
It was first proposed during the session of 1836—'7,
more than two years ago, when none of the ru-
mors in regard to a change of position by the Se-
nator from South Carolina were in agitation.   It
was when that gentleman was regarded by many
as an opponent instead of a friend of the Adminis-
tration; and he (Mr. W.) thought that this circum-
stance of itself was sufficient to furuish an answer
to the inquiry propounded by  the Senator from
Kentucky.   But the Senator from Kentucky ob-
jected to the reference of this bill to the Committee
on the Public Lands. Was not that, he would ask,
the appropriate committee to consider a bill of that
nature?   Was not that the commitee to which it
naturally belonged? And must there not be, on any
committee to which it might be referred, a majori-
ty of members either from   the old  or the new
States, the committee being five in numbet?   But
let  me  say  to   the   Senator from  Kentucky,
Mr.  W. continued, that the period  has passed
when   he can   consider   the   State of  Missis-
sippi, in reference to   this measure, as   deeply
interested.    The returns frcm the General Land
Office show that that  State  at  least   has   but
little   connection with  the  sales   of the  pubic
lands.   A reference to the sales of the public lands
in Mississippi for the past year, will show that that
State had been swept of nearly all iis lands that «ere
of any value, and that the quota of that State will
amount to less than 30,000 dollars.    And are we
to be told that Mississippi, whose grots proceeds
vill amount to but 30,000 dollars, will be tempted
to  plunder   the old States?    But the   bill   did
not deserve the character which the Senator from
Kentucky had given to it.    If it did, it ought to
be told to the country.    It did not propose an un-
conditional surrender as the Senator from Kentucky
intimated; but it was a surrender on certain con-
ditions expressed in the bill.    These were, that the
Government of the United States was to receive
one-half, not of the nelt proceeds, but of thegro-s
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, while all
the   expense    of   conducting   the   sales   was
to   be    borne    by    the    new    Slates.     The
effect  of this bill would be to sweep off at one
blow, a considerable item of public expenditure,
and one branch of Executive patronage.   It would
diminish, to the amount of nearly one million of
dollars, the expenditures of the United States; and
the Secretary of the Treasury told us that the
probable gross proceeds of the sales would in fu-
ture amount to   $3,500,000, one half of which
would go to the Government of the United Slates.
Let me tell the Senator from Kentucky, said Mr.
W. that if it can be shown that this measure is, /
as he contends, a robbery of the old States, I would I
misrepresent my own State if 1 would conient that
it should become a law.   Let it be shown that it
is unjust to eirher the old or the new States, and
it never shall receive my vote.
Mr. GRUNDY said that he should vote agains
the motion for reconsideration, as he considered the
re/erence an appropriate one; but he did not wish
nts vote to be considered as an intimation that he
was in favor of the bill. He had formerly op-
posed this measure, and thought it probable he
would oppose it again when it came before the
Mr. ALLEN said he was about rising when he
was anticipated by the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Gründy,] and with the fame view. He
thought the Committee on the Public Lands the
appropriate one to which this matter should be re-
ferred. He would therefore vote against the mo-
tion for reconsideration, but he did not intend
thereby to express any opinion in favor of or against
the measuie itself.
Mr. PRESTON said this bill would have a pa-
ramount effect on the finances of the country. It
was a question wheiher it would not increase taxa-
tion. In this view it was important, and Mr. P.
therefore preferred ihat it should go to the Com-
mittee on Finance. He should therefore vote fcr
the reconsideration.
Mr. CALHOUN said the bill, as he had drawn
it, would lead to no reduction of the revenue. It
was not to go into operation till June, 1842, thus
leaving time to adjust the tariff. He saw no rea-
son why it should be taken from the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. WHITE said he was entirely ignorant of
the contents of this bill; but if the reference should
be reconsidered, the bill could then be read, and he
would be belter able to decide to which committee
it was most appropriate. He thought the commit-
tee to which it was referred should be friendly to
its object, so as to give it all the strength they could
by bringing ik merits prominently forward, and he
thought it probable that the Committee on the
Publ.c Lands was the approj riate one. He voted,
by a silent acquiescence, for its commitment, bat
not being aware of its contents at the time, he
would now vote for its reconsideration.
Mr. CALHOUN called fur the reading of the
bill, which was iead accordingly.
The question of reconsidering the reference of
the bill to the Committee on the Public Lands was
then put, and decided by yeas and nays in the ne-
gative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Betls, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Davis, Dickson, Knight, Merrick,
Phelps, Prentiss, Preston, Ruggles, Southard, Wall,
and White of Tennessee—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Grundy, Hen-
derson, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton,
Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sirange,
Tappan, Walker, White of Indiana, Williams,
Wright, and Young—28.
Mr. KING, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of John H. Jacocks.
M. K. stated that the person who was intended to
be benefitted by this bill was in very straitened cir-
cumstances, and the amount appropriated was but
four hundred and thirty dollars. It had passed
unanimously last session, without commitment, on
account of the necessities of the case; and he
hoped that, by unanimous consent, the bill would
be considered as in Commiitee of the Whole, and
ordered to be engrossed.
In accordance with this suggestion, the bill was
accordingly considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engiossed for a third
reading.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from the Committee
on the Public Lands, to which ihey had been re-
ferred, reported the following bills wiihout amend-
ment:
/ A bill for th  discontinuance of the office of n
r Surveyor General in the seveial districts, so soon
as the surveys therein can be cempleted, for abo-
lishing land offices under certain circumstances,
and to abolish ihe officer of Solicitor of the Gene-
ral Land Office; and
A bill to relinquish a certain reveranary inte-
rest of the United States to a tract of land in the
b;ate of Alabama.
Mr MERRICK, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill concerning
the estates of infants and lunatics in (he District of
Columka; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
T.ÍÍV¿Í!JN: fT.,be Com*i¡<tee on  Private
Land Claims, to which had had been referred the
K
