CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
bill for the relief of the heirs of Philip Barbour, re-
ported the same without amendment.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which had been refeired the fol-
lowing bills, reported ihe same without amendmen*:
A bill fronting to the State of Michigan a quantity
of land to aid in constructing a canal around the
falls of Sie. Marie.
A bill granting to the county of Kalanrazoi, in
ibe State of Michigan, the right of pre-emption to
a quai ter section of land, and for other purposes.
A bill granting 10 certain persons therein named,
theri?htof pre empion to a fraction of a section
of land in Ottrwav, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. WALKER, from ths Committee on the
Publ c Lands, to which had teen reftrred the bill
to relinquish to the State of Mississippi theTwo per
cent, fund arising under her compact for admission
into the union, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. W. made some remarks as to the necessity
of an early passage of the bill, and at his sug-
gestion, and by unanimous consent, it was then
taken tip, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for atlvrd
reading.
Mr. W. fr. m the same committee, also reported
the following bills without amendment:
A bill Tor the relief of James Dutton; and
A bill to authorize the substitution of other lands
in place of school sections which are useless or un-
productive.
Mr. WHITE of Indiana presented the remon-
strance of the settlers upon certain lots of land
adjoining the town of Milwaubie, against the con-
firmation of the title of Fianris La venture and
others, who claim a pre-emption right, and a peti-
tion for an act granting a special pre-emption to
the occupants of those lots: referred to tie Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Also, a memorial of the merchants of Albion,
Mount Carmel, and Princeton, praying for aid to
construct the Mount Carmeland New Albany Rail-
road; which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Cana's.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana offered the following re-
solution, which, by unanimous conseat, was con-
sideied and agreed to:
kaalved, That the Committee on ihe Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
gulating and establishing the salaries of the dis-
trict judges of the United States.
Mr. NICHOLAS gave notice that, to-morrow,
he would ask leave 'o introduce a bill to ievive the
ECt entitled an act to enable cla'mants to land,
wi'hin the limits tif Mis ouri and the Territory of
Arkansas, to institute p oceedmgs to iry the validi'y
of their claims, approved May 26, 1834, and an
act amerd.ng the same, anl to extend the provi-
sions of said acts to claimants to lands within the
State of Louisiana.
Mr. YOUNG gave notice thit, to-moirow, he
would ask leave to introduce several bills for ths
relief of individuals, and one in relit.on to the Ga-
lena Railro?d.
Mr. LINN submitted the following nsdut'on:
Resolved, That the Secietary of the Senate be di-
rected respectfully to requtst annually of the Go-
vernors of the different Stales and Territories of
the United States to furnish, for the use cf the Con-
gressional Library, a'l reports and documents in
their pos.ie sl< n in relation to the geology and mi-
neralogy of the.r respective States and Territories.
The resolutions submitted on Tuesday by Mr.
Benton and Mr. Wall, were severally cons dered
and agreed to.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The bill to amend an act entitled "An act more
effectually to provide for the punishment ot certain
crimes against the United Slates, and for other
purpose?, was taken np on its third reading, and
passed.
The b.ll to prevent the counterfeiting of any fo-
reign copper, gold, silver, or other coin, and to
prevent the bring'ng into the United States, or ut-
tering any counterfeit foreig.i copper, gold, silver,
or other coin, was considered as in Committee of
tne Whole, and ordered to be engrossed foa third
hading.
The Senate then went into Executive business,
and afterwards
Adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
FRinav, January 3, 1840.
After the journal was read,
Mr. JENIFER rore and asked the indulgence of
the Hi .use whilst he called their attention, for a few
moments, in  relation to a matter personally con-
cerning himself.
I do not rise to ask a correction of the journal,
but for the purpose of pointing the atention of
gentlemen t> a report of the piccee.lings which
took place on Tuetdiy last.
In the Globe of Tuesday evening, which purports
to give a sketch of the debate upon the resolution of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sergeant]
"to alter the 20 h rule of the House, to allow fur-
ther time for the daily presentation of petitions," I
fiad the following remarks:
"Mr. Btnum sppealed to Mr. Garland to with-
draw the motion for the previous question, as he
had bren attacked by three gentlemen on the oppo-
site side, and had been g¡os4y misrepresented, and
he only wished to say a lew words in reply to those
gentlemen, [Messrs. Johnson of Maryland, Jeni-
fer, and Stani.v.] He should think it hard it he
«ere not granted this privilege.
"Mr. Garland said he would not withdraw hi 
motion for the previous question, which cut off
fur.her remarks on the subjec*.
"Mr. Btnüm then said that it was the usual prac-
tice of that party, afier havin? two or three bul-
lies to attack a gentleman and do him injust.ce, to
refuse to let him reply to such attacks."
The distance of my seat from the member from
North Carolina, and the usual want of order in the
ha'l, prevented me from distinctly bearing what
was said upon that occasion. Three days having
elapsed since these rematks appeared in the Globe,
and, as far as I have seen, without cerreetion, I
am left to infer that thfy were either expressrd on
the floe r, or authorized to be repoited. Had I
heard them, I do not know that I shou'd have no-
ticed them, well knowing that they wonld be pro-
perly appreciated by gentlemen here. But as they
have been published in the columns of tho Globe
and sent throughout the country, it may be ex-
pected that some response should be given.
I iv :sh it to be distinctly understood th?t I do not
rise to complain; that 1 do not feel aggrieved; that
I take no offence at whatever may have been said,
or reported to have been said, comiBg from (hit
quarter.
Sti I, a regard for the kind opinion of friends,
and a respect for myself, wh'ch I hope ever to re-
tain, rrqqires that I should define my position in
relation to the member from North Carolina.
Sidcí the 7th day of June, 1836, (a day which
that n ember no doubt well remembered,) I have
purposely avoided noticing any thin? he might say,
or in ai y manner coming in contact with him, well
kuowirg that no laurels are to be gained, where
even victory would be a disgrace. Under theee
circumstances, my friends need feel no apprehen-
sion on my account. But to prevent misunder-
standing, and do justice to myself, I desire it to be
also understood, that if, upon any occasion, I have,
or hereafter may^wiund the feeuogs of any gen'le-
man, I shall always hold myself bound to make an
honorable atonement, c r meet him in an honorable
way; but he must be a gentleman worthy the no-
tice of an honorable man.
Mr. BYNUM said he rose to reply to the re-
marks of the gent'eman from Maryland, [Mr. Je-
nifer,] although he was sorry that he could not
hear distinctly what that gent'eman had said. He
understood him, however, to complain of some-
thing that had been published in the G'obe, in rela-
tion to what he (Mr. B.) had ¡«aid some dayss'nee.
He had not been able to understand what censure
that gentleman had passed on him, if any. He
would state, though, lor hb satisfaction, and all
others, that the Globe contained what he had ut-
tered on the floor, at the time alluded to by that
gent'eman, to the best of his recollection. The lan-
guage was his, and for it he held himself
rejronsible, in that House or out of it.   The only
explanation that he felt a disposition to make to the
Hoose was this:
On the occasion alluded to,  he had beei
at-
tacked by three or four gentlemen—by the gentle-
man himself [Mr. Jenifer] and his colleague,[Mr.
Johnson,] a gentleman from New York, [Mr.Horr-
man,] and a member from North Carolina. H ,
however, was not disposed to notice what, asle
then thought, was the most illiberal manner, in
which, by the want of courtesy, he was pre-
vented from a reply, in vindica'ion of himself and
the remarks he had used on that occasion, to the at-
tacks ot those gentlemen, in which he thought he
had been grossly misrepresented; and which he
should have attempted to i*how, it' he could have
been allouel the privilege of replying at the time.
At the time he made the remarks, he did not know
whether that gentleman [Mr. Jenifer] was in his
seat or not. The gentleman thought fit, however, to
open the attack upon him, and was then followed
up by his colleague and others; although the gen-
tleman had said he had lain down a particular rule
for himself to pursue, since the memorable 7th of
June, 1836, and that course was to have no-
thing to do with me; and, to avoid me in de-
bate. Sir, such'was the identical course that I
had laid dawn for myself to pursue towards that
gentleman, and several others with whom my re-
lations were of a peculiar nature. I take i'. ft>r
granted that it is dishonorable, after two gentlemen
have had a difference, that has been confessed-
ly settled honorably to both parties, and stand up-
on peculiar terms, to embrace any public occasion
to renew their difficulties, by bandying personal
epithets. Sir, that has not be n my course here cr
elsewhere, as I do not conceive that that belongs
to an honorable man and a gentleman. The word
bully, that I used, if it be that the gentleman com-
plains of, I u*ed to denote one that would play
the political champion of this House, such a« we
have frequency witaesstd in it for several
years yast. 1 thought every man understotd
it, whn I used it, in that sense, and I regiet that
any man should have brought it before'this House.
I do not know what the gentleman has said about
the affair of ths 7th of June; but if he says or in-
sinuates that that affair wat not honorably settled
by both parties then, he says or insinuates what
he did not say nor insinuate on the ground ;
and he contra licrs what was said and done tien;
but I say I did not hear the gentleman, and do not
know exact'y whit he did say. If the gentleman
will harrow up that old affair, which a'l undeistood
was honorably sett'ed at tae time, then let him pro-
ceed. Or if he should undertake to pounce on
me, to become my lecturer here, cr elsiwhere, I
say to him, fiat this House is not larpe enough to
hold us both. No, sir, this House cannot hold ue
both, nor tv e world retain us alive. I regret that
thee p ivate matters should ever have bean brought
befoie this House; th*y do not belong it.
Mr. STANLY he e rcse, and put ?n interroga-
tory to Mr. Bynom, to which h? wished a reply;
but was not di>t neily heird by the Reporter.
Mr. BYNUM raid that the member had a?ked
for a civil answer to a question whith he said he
had put in a civil way. If ihe member was in
earnest, and cou'd be rr hed on, he had no objection
to answering any civil question put to him in a
proper spirit.
Mr. STANLY was understood to ask*f the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Btnüm] if thi
word "bully," or "political champion,"  was in-
tended by him in an offensive sense? whether he in-
tended it to have a literal or political constiuctjonl
Mr. BYNUM said he did not know thai he
could make any other explanation to the question
than he had given. He had said that he bad used
the word '-'bully" in the sense he had explained be-
ftre; which was one who was in the habit of
thrusting hims-lf on ev. vj rccas'on in áebate, and
endeavor nf to brwbeal and bully otheis out of
their opinión?; and if (hat was not satisfactory, the
member m'ght act as he chese in relation to it, as
he bad no furiher explanation to make.
Mr. STANLY was then understood to proceed as
though unsatisfied-
The SPEAKER here interposed to put a stop to
the ducuision, *nich be said was of such a nature
/
