Iron of whose chairman this printing had been or-
dered, he thought it his duty 10 move the reconside-
i at ion, being determined, while a member of that
committee, to resist, to the utmost of his ability,
every unnecessary expenditure, whether proposed
in it or in the House.
In justice, however, to the gentleman who was
at th« head of that committee for the last Congress,
be must say that that gentleman was uniformity in
favor of pieserving the strictest economy, and cor-
dially co-operated wiih him in resistng every extra-
vagance of expenditure.
Mr. T. concluded, by moving a reconsideration
of ih  vo:« refeired to in the commencement of his
remarks.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said, that as he had
submitted the motion for printing the map of Flo-
rida accompanying the report of the Secretary of
War, it was due to himself and the House that he
should explain the reasons which operated upon
him in making that motion. The map of Florida
accompanied the report of the Secretary of War,
and the only question was, whether, in publishing
the documents accompanying the President's mes-
sage.the map should be included. There was a for-
mer order of this House, made some years ago upon
bis application, that a general order for printing
should not include maps and charts, without the
special order of the House. In consequence of
tn s order, he brought the subject before the House,
that the House might decide lor itself, whether the
map of Florida should constitute a part of each of
the documents accompanying the message, and
that he thought the gentleman from South Caro-
lina had used an improper expression, when he
spoke of them as extra capita.
Mr. J. said that he had seen ihe map of Florida,
already published by the Senate, accompanying
the report of the Secretary of War, and that he
supposed the number of maps necessary to ac-
company the documents might now be procured at
a moderate price, as the engraving had already
been done under the orders of ih* Senate; and
hat he had inquired of one of the printers, then
n the House, as to the probable cost for each,
if now t niered. He was informed that each one
would not exceed six or eight cents for the paper
and printing, the engraving having been already
dose. For these reasons he had, in the first place,
made the application to the House. Since that
time, he had been informed that the Clerk of the
House, some time before, bad made a contract for
the performance of such work by some lithogra-
pher in the city, whose name he did uot reeollect,
by which the House was to pay about the same
price that the Senate paid the engraver. He had
inquired what the price of the work would be, but
had not been able to leam. If he had supposed
that a new engraving would have to be made, he
should never have made the application.
Mr. J. said that be was gratified to learn from
the honorable member from South Carolina, that
he was so zealous an adveca'e for economy and
reform—that the honorable member knew, having
served many years in this House with him, that
he, (Mr. J ) had been at all times the decided and
warm advocate of ecomomy as well as the curtail-
ment of all unnecessary expenditures, and he could
assure the honorable member that he would not
find bim altered in that re-pec t.
The honorable member had been pleased to say,
that he had unlimited confidence in the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs in Ihe
last Cengress, [Gen. McKay,] but that he was ap-
prehensive he would not have the same reason for
a continuance of that confidence to the chairman of
that committee in the ptesent Congress; that this
movement was a bad beginning.
Mr. J. expressed a hope that the honorable
member from South Carolina would find no cauce
for dissatisfaction with the present chairman of
that committee on the score of economy, and that
he thought the motion submitted by him the other
day for printing the map accompanying the report
of the Secretary ought not to create any suspicion
in his mind prejudicial to the present chairman of
that committee. He beggei to remind the honora-
b e gentleman, that during the last Congress the
Report of the Secretary of War was accompanied
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by a map of Florida, which was ordered by the
House to be printed, upon the motion of the chair-
man of the Military Committee of that Congress,
in whom the gentleman had so much confidence.
He had not exanvned the journal, but had been
so informed this morning by the chairman of that
committee.
Mr. THOMPSON rose to slate one fact. The
contract for printing these maps, he said, was to be
given t  a person in this city, who was to be sub-
jected to the same process of taxation that was
proved to have been practised in New York, and
other cities. That is (said Mr. T.) the person who
does the work is to submit to an assessment on the
price of the printing, which he is to contribute to
the support ot a publication, very important to the
party in power—the Democratic Review.
Mr. BANKS obterved that he should have pur-
sued his usual course in silence, in reference to the
motion of the gentleman from South Carolina, but
for one fact. It bad been the course pursued by that
gentleman, with many of the party who acted with
him, to endeavor to produce an impression on the
public mind, that there was a party in that House
disposed to print public documents, merely to re-
ward their political favorites. He knew not of
such favorites; and knew of no such design in the
part of those with whum he acted, and denied that
he and his Iriends had ever been governed by any
such motives. He readily believed, however, that
the Hou-e did print too much, and he had never
voted for the printing of a document, unless he
deemed it necessary for the public service. With
regard to ihe motion now under consideration, he
should vote for it, believing that the printing of
the document was unnecessary. But, said
Mr. B. while the gentleman says so much
about useless and unnecessary printing, let
me call his attention, and that of the gentleman
who vote with bim, to the extravagant waste of
pnblic money last session in printing 20,000 extra
copies of the Report of the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, in relation to defalcations of public officers.
The printing of these extra copies of old documents
cost some $15,000 of the public money, and it was
carried through the House by the votes of the gen-
tleman and his friends.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina. The gen-
tleman speaks at random, and states what is not
true. I did not vote for trie printing of these docu-
ments.
Mr. BANKS resumed. The document he re-
feired to, was document 297, being the Report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to the
defalcations of pnblic officers. I assert, said he,
that there was a proposition to print 20,000 ex-
tra copies of these old documents, that it was
carried through by the votes cf the gentleman
from South Carolina and his party, and that the
journals will show it.
Mr. THOMPSON again interrupted Mr. Banks,
and said that the gentleman had stated at random
what was not true.
Mr. BANKS continued. If the gentleman did
not vote fur that particular proposition, it crtainly
was carried through by the votes of the party with
which he acts; and when th« gentleman is endea-
voring to create a false impression abroad that the
friends of the Administration were seeking to ex-
pend the public money in useless printing, for the
purpose of rewarding political favorites, it was but
fair to bring up, as an offset to it, this extrava-
gance of the last session, carried through by his
party, as well as to deny the charge. With respect to
the particular document under consideration, he felt
it due to himself to say, that he should vote against
the printing of it, not believing it to be necessary
for the public information. As to the vote of the
gentleman himself on printing the documents, he
could not say with certainty how he voted, without
a reference to the journal; though hfs impression
had been that the gentleman had voted for it,
until he denied it; but he did say that the printing
was carried through by the vetes of the gentleman's
party.
Mr. WISE was sorry that his colleague had
thought proper to make an attack on the motion
made by him last session for the printing of the re-
port relative to defalcation.   I (said Mr. W.)
101
made the motion to print the extra copies of docu-
ment 297, which would show to the thousands of
voters of this country, that the late message of the
President was not true. The message stated that ,
independently of the defalcation of Swartwont, only
$60,000 were lost to the Government in conse-
quence of the defalcations of public officers. That
document, No. 297, would show that, by the
land officers and collectors of the present Adminis-
tration, nearly one million of dolíais were lost,
while the message stated the loss at only #60,000.
This document disproved the truth of the Presi-
dent's message, and showed either that he was dis-
posed to cover the defalcations of his officers, or
that he was deceived by his Secretary of the Trea-
sury. He would frankly say of Martin Van Bu-
rén, bolieving him to be a gentleman, that if he had
read the document No. 297, he would not have
made the statements he d d in his message,in oppo-
site n to facts shown by the records within his
reach. Permit me to say to my colleague, conti-
nued Mr.W. that the printing of that document was
better calculated to promote public economy than
any other; and that he would, at any time, be will-
ing to pay ten dollars from out of the public Trea-
sury, to show to the people how one dollar had
been taken from it, either by fraud or in conse-
quence of ignorance or mismanagement. Did
the gentleman mean to say that there was
not another motive besides economy that in-
duced him and his party to vote against the publi-
cation of these documents? Sir, (said Mr. W.) if
I could get the vote of the House to day, I would
print the report of the Secretary of the Treasury in
opposition to the message; and if I could get my
colleague to circulate it in bis district, his constitu-
ents would hold him accountable for voting as he
did against publishing a document to circulate the
truth- After some additional remarks from
Mr.W.
Mr. BANKS said he hoped his colleague had not
understood him as objecting to the original printing
of document No. 297. It was important that it should
be printed for the use of the members of the
House, and he voted for it. But, said Mr. B. I
objected, after it was printed, and in possession of
every member cf the House, to the printing of
20,000 extra copies, by which an expense of
$15,000 was incurred. He did not deem it proper,
at this time, to go into an examiurtion of the Pre-
sident's message, and he therefore would not
reply to the remarks of his colleague on that
subject; but he • knew that an intelligent
people had had full benefit of the document
his colleague referaed to—that it was widely
circulated and discussed at public meetings, and
that its statements were met and proved to, be false
in many particulars; for it was shown that many
persons stated in it to be defaulters, had since paid
up the balances against them, and that many were
of necessity reported as such, from the mere fact
that their accounts were unsettled. He had never
voted against circulating useful or necessary infor-
mation. He was as ready to give light to the peo-
ple as any man; and whether by the viva voce prin-
ciple, and against the secret system of voting, or
by useful and necessary publications, he wished all
his acts to be known to the people. He would
have nothing concealed or misrepresented, but all
his acts to be aboveboard. As to the question
under consideration, it was perhaps a small
matter, and nothing would have induced bim
to say one word in regard to it had it not been
for the unceasing endeavors of some gentlemen on
that floor to produce an impression on the public
mind that the party with which he acted were dis-
poned to expend money in useless printing for the
purpose of rewarding political favorites. He bad
shown how the extravagance, charged by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, had been practised to
a greater extent by the party with which he acted;
How the change had come over gentlemen this ses-
sion, which made them snch great sticklers for
eeonomy.be would not pretend to say, but ^oaW
only observe, in reference to himself, that he should
vete against the printing of the document under
consideration, as he did not believe it was wantett
for the pnblic serviee.                            .      . ,.
Mr. GRAVES rose to ceil 0 e attention of the
