104
•was very young; and, had he been permitted to
take bis place amongst us, would undoubtedly have
been the youngest member upon ih's floor. But,
young as "he was, he had acquired very prominent
and enviable rank in the community where he re-
sided Heaven had given him a high order of in-
tellec ; his nrind was richly cultivated; his judg-
ment was mature; and his general attainments ex-
traordinary. In the study and pursuit of the law—
the profession to which he had devoted himself—
he was eminently distinguished; as he was, also,
in bota of the halls of legislation in his native
State. Had he lived to take part in the proceed 
ings of this body, he would, I am sure, have added
largely to his fame and renown. He died, sir,
in the midst of the waimest affections, and the
fondest hopes of lis friends, his associates, and of
the community where his lot was cast.
Such, in brief, was Jamks C. Alvord; and ne-
ver, I am confident, has the House of Representa-
tives been called upon to pay a tribute to tha me-
mory of one mere worthy.
The que^ion was taken on the resolutions, and
they ware unanimously adopted.
Mr. DUNCAN moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to offer a resolution, proposing to re-
fer all the papers and testimony relating to the New
Jersey disputed election to the Committee of Elf c-
lions; and, on that motion, demanded ths yeas and
nays.
Mr. CALHOUN asked the gentleman to
give way to enable him to make a motion, which
■was of immemorial usage, for the adjournment of
the House as a tesdmonial of respect to the memo-
ry of the deceased.
Mr. DUNCAN immediately acceded tp said
reqnesl; when
Mr. CALHOUN moved that the House adjourn
till te-morrow, which was agreed to; and
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tcesday, January 7,1840.
Mr.   LUMPKIN preeented two   letters from
General Wool, sustaining ths claim of George W.
Paschal!; which were referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of Joseph
Sawyer; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion by Mr. SMITH of Connecticut, the
peii'ion and papers of "William Eaton, now on the
files of the Senate, were referred to the Committee
on Claiffis.
On motion by Mr. RUGGLES, the several me-
morials on the subject of the regulation of steam-
boa's, now on tile, were referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. LINN presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Missouri, praying the establishment of
a port of entry and a custom-house at some point
on the Missouri river, and that a drawback be al-
lowed lo traders engaged in the ccknmerce with
San'a Fe; which, after some very interesting re-
marks of Mr. L. on the character and great im-
portance of the trade to the country, its annual di-
minution, and the danger of its comple annihi'a-
lion, if some measures were not speedily taken
by Congress, was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of the beirs
of Christopher Tompkins; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the memorial of Enoch Baldwin; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, the papers on file in
the case of ísaac Collier, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce; and the papirs of John Lang
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, ordered that the
petition of E. W. and H. Smith, on the files of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims;
and that the petition of Betsey Booth, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. NICHOLAS presenled the petition of a
nnmberof citizens of St. Mary's parish, La. praying
a repeal of the presfnt naturalization laws; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WHITE presented a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to the removal of
the Stockbridge and Munsee Indian?; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of Charles
A. Stewart; whch was referred lo the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from the Committee
on the Public Lands, to which had been referred
A bill for the graduation and reduction of the
price of the public lands, reported the same with
amendments; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. also, from the same committer, to which
was referred the bill foF the relief of William
Jones, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, to which
had been referred the petition of John S. Wilson,
reported a bill for his relief.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which had been referred the me-
morial of a number of settlers on the mineral lands
in Illinois, praying to be allowed the right of pre-
emption to said lands, asked to be discharged.from
its further consideration; which, after some re-
marks by Messrs. LINN, WALKER and PREN-
TISS, was agreed to.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, asked
to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the memorial of the General Assembly of
Missouri, praying a grant of land for the establish-
ment of a system of common schools; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WALKER, from ths Committee on the
Public Lands, to whish had been referred the fol-
lowing bills, reported the same without amend-
ment:
A bill for creating a new land district in the
State of Missouri, and for changing the boundaries
of the southwestern and western land districts in
said State.
A bill authorizing the President of the United
States to cause the reserved lead mines belonging
to the United States in the several Stales and Ter-
ritories, to be sold as other public lands.
A bill for the relief of Isabella Hill, widow, and
the children, of Samuel Hill, deceased.
A bill /or the relief of Jane Waller.
Mr. NORVELL said he had been deputed by
the Committee on the Public Lands lo make the
ungracious, and what might perhaps be considered
the ungallant request, to be discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of Amerigo
Vespucci, which had been referred to it; which was
ag'eed lo.
Mr. FULTON, from   the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which had been referred the fol-
lowing bills, reported the same without amend
ment:
A bill to settle the title to certain trac's of lana
in the Slate of Arkansas.
A bill to authorize the inhabitants of township
eight north, range thirty-two west, in the State of
Arkansas, to enter a sect on of land in lieu of the
the sixteenth section in said township, upon condi-
tion that the same is surrendered to the United
Siates for military purpo.es.
A bill to revive an act aulhorizing certain sol-
diers in the late war to surrender the bounty lands
drawn by them, and to locate others in lieu thereof,
'   and for other purposes.
A bill for the relief of sundry citizens of Arkan-
sas, who lost their improvements in consequence of
a treaty between the United States and Choctaw
Indians.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Claims,
to which had been referred the bill for the relief of
Joseph Paxton, reported the same without amend
ment.
Mr. GRUNDY, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill to '
authorize the State of Tennessee to issue grants I
and perfect titles to certain lands therein described, |
and to settle the claims to the vacant and unappro- !
priated lands within the same; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. ROBINSON, in pursuance of ^evious no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for
the relief of J. M. Strader; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on the Pest office
and Post Roads.                             ,
Mr. LINN, in pursuance of notice, asked and ^
^obtained leave to introduce a bill to allow draw-
hack of duties on merchandise exported, via Mis-
souri, to the provinces of Mexico, for the Indian
trade, ani for o her purposes; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. FULTON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the defence of the western borders of the Slates
of Louisiana, Missouri, and Arkansas; which was
lead twice, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Land?.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which had been referred the bill for the
payment of damages to individuals who had suf-
fered losses by Indian depredation?, reported the
same with sundry amendments.
Mr. NICHOLAS, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to bring a bill to re-
vive the act entitled an act to enable claimants to
land within the limits of Missouri and the Terri-
tory of Arkansas, to institute proceedings to tiy the
validity of their claims, approved May 26, 1834,
and an act amending the same, and to extend the
provisions of said acts to claimants to lands within
ihe State of Louisiana; which was lead twice, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The resolution submitted some days since by
Mr. Linn, as follow1:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be di-
rected respectfully to request annually of the Go-
vernors of the different States and Territories of
the United States to furnish, for the use of the Con-
gressional Library, all reports and documents in
their possession in relation to the geology and mi-
neralogy of their respective States and Territories;
And the resolutions submitted yesterday by
Messrs. Norvell, Clay of Alabama, and Pierce,
were severally considered and agreed t .
Mr. PIERCE submitted the following reso-
lution:
Rtsolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of aulhorizing the Postmaster General
to procure maps of the post offices and post road?,
for the use of the Post Office Department.
Mr. YOUNG offered the fallowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquie into the expediency
of miking an additional appropriation of land, or
of authorizing the issuing of land scrip, for the sa-
tisfaction of the outstanding military bounty land
warrants, issued or to be issued under the authori-
ty of the United States to the soldiers of the late
war with Great Britain or their legal representa-
tives.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was, by unanimous consent, considered
and agreed to:
Retolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicats to the Senete the amount
accrued of the two per cent, of the nett proceeds of
the sales of the public lands within the limits of the
State of Mississippi, reserved under the compact
by Congress with said State upon her admission
into the Union, for making a road or roads leading
to said State; also.what amount, if any.of said Two
per cent, fund, has been appropriated by Congress
for said purpose, and whether sad compact as to
said fund still remains unfulfilled, and what grams
of land, if any, have been made by Congress to
the State of Mississippi for the purposes of inter-
nal improvement.
On motion by Mr. GRUNDY, the resolution
submit'ed some days since by Mr. Benton, relative
to the assumption of State debts, was taken up.
Mr. G. then moved that it be referred to a select
committee of seven, to be appointed by the Chair.
Mr. PRESTON, while he coincided with ihe
sentimen's of the resolution, and of the remarks of
ihe Senator who introduced it, was averse to
legislating prospectively and hypotheticálly; and
after some further remarks, moved that the resold
tion be laid on the table.
