lithography and printing ordered at the last session
of Congress, which the contingent fund was insuf-
ficw to meet.
Tae amendments having been agreed to, the
committee then rose and reported the bill to the
Hoasf; and
Tie House then concurred in the amendments of
tha Senate.
Mr. EVANS <a:d before this bill conld be finally
passed into a law it was necessary t>> appoint the
usual joint Committee on Enrolled Bills, and with
that view he nuve.i to take up the joint resolution
of the Senate fur the appointment of said com-
mittee; which motion was agreed to, and the re-
solution was con"cured in.
Mr. CROCKETT gave notice that on to-morrow
he would ask lea.e to introduce a bill to amend the
act entitled "an a -t io authorize the State of Tennes-
see to :ssue gran s and to perfect titles to lands there n
described, and t > settle the claims to vacant and
unappropriated bnds within the same."
On motion of Mr. DUNCAN,
Tne House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednfsdat, January 8, 1840.
The CHAIR submitted a communication from
the&cntary of War, transmitting a statement
showing the contingent ejpenses of the military
establishment during the  year  1839; which was  |
laid on the tibie and ordered to Ve printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War, in reply to the resolution of ihe Senate of the
27th December, in reiaaun to permit ing ce tai a
officers of the ar ny to r«uir> upon half pay; which
was laid on the ub.e, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Postmaster
General, showing the contingent expenses of that
Department for the year 1839; which was referred
t'> the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and orrie e j to be printed.
The CHAIR presentía a. me norial from Samuel
Nerri-, pra\ing tiat his light to certain lands may
not he invalidated by the treaty with the Caddo In-
dians; which, on motion by Mr. MOUTON,
was referred to toe Cowmittee on Private Land
Claims. .
- The CHAIR presenna we memorial of the Le-
gislative Council of the Territory of Iowa, praying
a donation of land for ém purposes of educa'ion;
which was referred to We Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to bo punted.
Also, a memor.al fro   the same body, praying
the establishment of ctsruuu post routes which was
refen eJ to the Commune on the Post Office and
Poil Roads, and oraenu m be printed.
Also, a memorial ot uae same body, praying a
settlement of th? conwaaed boundary line between
said Territory and metálate of Missouri; which was
referred to the ComraitUs* on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORVEia. presented a petition of Joshua
Howard, of the county of Wayne, State of Mkh -
gan, praying for ims passage of an act confirming
to him his claim io a trac: of land south of the
river Rouge, in tnat State; which was referred to
the Committee en Friva'e Land Claims.
Mr. WRIGhT presented the  memorial of a   I
number, of citizen? or Milwaukie, Wisconsin, pray-
ing an appropriation for the construction of a har-
b>r at that p ac-;; wh ch was referred to the Com- i
miltee on Comtt erce.                                                  j
On m ttion by Mr. WüIGHT, it was ordered j
that he petition of Willitm Dickinson, on the files ¡
of the Senate, te referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affair^
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was ordered
that the memorial of Joseph Roby, on the files of
the Senate, be le erred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands ; and thai the meemorial of Joseph Rad- j j
cl.ff, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the ;
Committee on Claim*.
Mr. SMITH oi iamm\ presented the petition :
of Zidock Smin, p aying remuneration for ex ra j
work done by him on tbe Cumberland Road; ¡
whic'i was r. ler/nd «o the Committee on Roads and i
Canalf.
Mr. WHITE of Indiana, presented the memo-
rial of the inhabitant  of the county of Milwaukie,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Territory of Wisconsin, praying the confirmation
of the titles of Fiancrs Laventure and others to
cer:ain lands in said Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on Privaie Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, it was ordered that
the petition of Noah Miller, on file, be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. RUGGLES, it was ordered
that the memorials of William A. Whitehead; the
peí i ion of Thomas Jefferson Smiih; the petiticn of
a number of citizens of New York; and other pa-
pers in relation to the establishment of a port of
en'ry at Indian Key, be referred to the ConiHiit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of W. W.
Moulton and two hundred and seventy-ihree oiher
ciiizens oi Ohio, praying for a reduction of the post-
age on letters, so that none ihould exceed ten
cent5; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. LINN submitted additional documents in
the case of Albin Mitchell in behalf of the heirs of
Madam-De Lusser; which were referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, and ordered
to be primed.
On motion by Mr. LINN, the petition of the
heirs of James Simpson, praying confirmation of
title to a tract of land, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALL, from the Commi.tee on the Judi-
ciary, to which had been referred a petition of the
owners of the ship Alleghany, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
Mr. W. from the same committee, to which had
b^en referred the petition of the hei's of Francis
Newman, reported a bill for their relief; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
McW. also, from the same committee, to which
had been reft rr*d
A bill respecting the heirs of Agnes Dunda?;
A bi'l for the relief of the assignees of Louis Ba-
ron De Ferrier; and
A b 11 to amend the act entitled, "An act to
amend the several acts respecting copyrigh';
Reported the same without amendment.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, to which had be!n referred a bill
to confirm to the Stats of Indiana the land selected
by her for that portion of the Wabash and Erie
Canal, which lies between the mouth of the Tippe-
canoe river and Terre Haute, and for other pur-
pose , reported the same without amendment.
Mr. STRANGE, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which had been refetred a bill to
amend "an act to prohibit the importation of si ives
into any port or place within the jurisdiction of
the United States, from and- afier the first da« of
January, in the year of our Lord one thou-and
eight hundred and eight, approved the second day
of March, 1807," reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. ROBINSON, f.om the Commiitee en the
Post Office and Post Roads, to wh ch had been re-
ferred
A bill for the relief of the Steamboat Company
of Nantucket; and
A bill for the relief of J. M. St'ader;
Reported the same without amendmnt.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been re-
ferred a bill for the r. lief of Avery, Saltma^sh and
Company, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. YOUNG, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce thefol'owin  bills:
A bill for 'he relief of Samuel Feguson;
A bill for the relief of John Richey;
A bill for ihe relief of Jacob Ha'.ks;
A bill for the teief of David McNair;
A bill for the re ief of James H. Ra'ston;
A bill for the relief of Alfie 1 West'al;
A bi 1 for ihe relief of Denn's duinlivan;
A bill for the relief of Charles A. Do4d;
A bill for the reüef of John L. Scott; and
A bill for the rel ef of William Bennett;
which were severally read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
The resolutions submitted yesterday by Messrs.
J07
'■-'''                                                                             i    •' • - '       ■■
Yodnci and Norvell were severally considered and
agreed to:
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, by unanimous consent, was considered
and asretd to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing a port of entry at Mi>si=süiippi city, in the
State of Mississippi.
Mr. YOUNG submitted the following motions
for consideraron:
Resolved, That the Comm'ttee on the Public Lands
bs instruc ed to inquire into ihe expediency of autho-
rizing and requiring the Rfgisiers and Receivers of
the United States land offices, in their offices, and
within their districts, respectively to administer
oa'hs in all eases where, by law, or the rules of the
Treasury or Land Office Department, affidavits or
oaths arer.quired to be made previous to the pur-
chase or entry of any tract of land, without any
fee or extra compensation for such service.
Resolved, That the  Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing ports of entry and delivery, or ports of de-
;   livery, at the cities of Chicago, Alton, and Cairo,
in the State of Illinois.
j Resolved, That the Committee en Commerce be
| instructed to inquire into the exped ency of esta-
j Wishing a hospital for the accommodation of sick
I and disabled boatmen and indigent passtngets, na-
vigating the Ohio and Mississippi rivets, at the
city of Cairo, in the State of Illinois.
Resetted, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
specific appropriations for the improvement of the
Rock river and Des Moines rapids of the Missis-
sippi liver, so as to make said river navigable for
steamboats at all seasons of the year when the na-
vigation is not obstructed by ice.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana submitted the follow-
ing motion for consideration:
Resolves/, That the Committee on Commerce be J
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estan
bushing a marine hospital for the accommodation
of sick and disabled boatmen and passengers on
Í  the Ohio  river, at Evansville, in the State of In-
|i  diana; and that the papers and documents relating
to the sime, submitted to the Senate at the last ses-:
¡   sion, together whh alt other papers relative to the
establishment of marine hospitals on the Western
i  water?, be referred to said committee.
!                     ORDERS OF THE DAY.
i      The bill making appropriations for the removal
of ihe raft in Red river, came up en its thiri read-
,  ing; and, alter some remarks from Messrs. CRIT-
i  TENDEN,    SEVIER,   PIERCE,    MOUTON,
i   KING, and DAVIS, was read a taird time, and
1   pissed.
The bill for the armed occupation and settle-
ment of that part of Florida overrun by hostile
bands of Indiam was taken up, and
Mr. CLAY of A'abama addressed ihe Senate at
length in   reply to the remarks of Mr.  FnEtTON,
and in favor of the bill.
!      The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
:   third reading.
j The bill for the relief of Walter Loom is and
■ ! Abel Gay, after some remarks by Mr. HUB-
!  BARD;
The bill for the relief of W.N.  Roheitson,
i  Samuel H. Garrow, and S. W. Simon'on; and
|      Tee bill for the relief of W. A. Whitehead, late
collector of the p~rt of Key West, in Florida, after
some remarks in iheir favor by Mr. WRIGHT;
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Murphy; and
The bill for the relief of Richard T. Banks,
after some remarks in their favor by Mr. WHITE
of Tenn?s-ee; and
The ji int resolution authorizing the President to
I  cause certain surveys to be made;
;'   were severally ordered  to   be   engrossed  for  a
third reading.
¡      The bill to iemit such duties, and to cancel such
[';  bonds, as have been required of persons engaged
!   in the whale fishey, and to restrain all future ex-
actons of duties of such vessels and their cargoes,
was   taken   up, and, after some remarks from
j   Messrs. DAVIS and WRIGHT, was informally
ass ed over.
