108                                               CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Senate then went into Executive business;
after which it
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, January 8,1840.
Mr. BRIGGS said it was stated on the journal
of yesterday, that after the suspension of the rules,
on ihe motion of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina to introduce his resolutions referring the tes-
timony relative to the New Jersey contest to the
Committee of Elections, he subsequently moved to
modify the same, to which the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Rives] is made to object. It is a
mistake of the Clerk in making up the journal.
Certainly every gentleman has the right to modify
his own ref olution. Mr. B. moved to strike out
that part of the journal.
Mr. RIVES said he found he was misunder-
stood in making the objection, and hoped he would
be excused by ihe House in making an explana-
tion. He was of the opinion that the gentleman
from South Carolina had net the right to amend his
resolution in any one respect whatever. He is re-
ported as having objected to the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee. It was not the fact.
He objected to the modification cf the gentleman
from South Carolina, because the rules had been
suspended for a particular resolution. Mr. R.
moved to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from Ma<wachusetts, as follows:
"After the suspension of the rule, Mr. Campbell
proposed to modify his resolution so as to enlarge
the powers of the committee. To this motion Mr.
Rites objected as being out of order, the mies
having been suspended foi a particular object, em-
braced in the words of the resolution. Action had
taken place relative to the resolution as soon as the
Speaker declared the rules suspended for its recep-
tion; and that it could not then be altered, excupt
by general consent, or by vote of the House; for
the mover of the resolution had no more control
over it, at that particular stage of the proceeding,
than any other member who had voted w.th a view
to its adoption.''
The CHAIR stated that the question on the
amendment to the amendment would be first
taken.
Mr. BRIGGS said he had made the suggestion
to amend the journal because he thought it did not
state the fac's; and that the motion to spread on the
journal rhe declaration of members was irregular
and unusual. He was understood to be opposed
to the amendment.
The CHAIR aga:n stated the question.
Mr. RIVES said he had refrained from taking
up any of the time of the House, and did not wish
to do so now; he merely wanted te place himself
tight on that subject, and had presented the amend-
ment for that purpose. To save time and discus-
sion, however, he would withdraw his amendment,
and consent to that of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
The question was then taken on Mr. Briggj's
amendment, and carried.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania submitted a
resolution, which was read as follows, for the in-
formation of the House:
Ruo'.ved, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to communicate to this Hou e the late ar-
rangement made for the transportation of the mail
between Philadelphia and Washington city; over
what route the same is carried; whether ihe dis-
tance by said route is greater or less than under the
former arrangement; whether the time required for
its transportation, between the said places, has
b«en increased or diminished by the change; whe-
ther the communication between New York and
Boston, and the South and Southwest, has been
facilitated or retarded thereby, and whether the
price paid for the transportation of the same has
been increased or diminished, and what is the
amount of the difference.
And whereas it is alleged, to the great discredit
of the Government, that the Eastern mail has been
clandestinely and fraudulently transmitted by the
agents of the Pos' Office Department, from Phila-
delphia to Baltimore, by the cars of the Philadel-
phia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad Compa-
ny, notwithstanding the Postmaster General has
discontinued his contract with the said company
for carrying the said mail: Therefore,
Re$olved, That the Postmaster General be re-
quired to communicate to this House whether it is
true, as alleged, that such fraud has been commit-
ted upon the said comrany by any officer or agent,
person or persons, connected with, or in the em-
ployment of, the Post Office Departount; and if so,
whether such officer or agent, person or persons,
have been removed or discharged; and that a full
statement of the facts relating to the transaction be
communicated to this House.
Objection being made to the reception of the
resolution at this time,
Mr. C. moved to suspend the rules to enable
him to offer it; but before the question was put,
Mr. DUNCAN asked if the resolution was in
order, or could be moved, when another member
was entitled to the floor, upon another subject.
The CHAIR understood the gentleman to have
yielded the floor for the purpose; to which
Mr. DUNCAN, however, dissented and claimed
the floer.
The resolutions of Mr. Campbell of South
Carolina, to refer all the testimony in relation to
the New Jersey disputants to the Committee of
Elections, and Mr. Bell's substitute for said reso-
lutions, declaring that the Democratic claimants
have not the right to be sworn, <fcc. being the ques-
j tion before the House,
Mr. DUNCAN, who was entitled to the floor
I upon said question, concluded his very able speech
in review of the whole subject. He adduced many
facts, including statements of the polls, and the
message of the Governor of New Jersey, in proof
of the fraud which had been commit ed to deprive
the people of that State of their legitimate represen-
tation, and in justification of the course the House
of Representatives had pursued in setting aside the
claimants who held the certificates. [His remarks
will be published at length hereafer.]
Mr. BOTTS having obtained the floor, at the
solicitation of several members, moved that the
House adjourn; bnt withdrew it at the request of
Mr. JOHNSON of Tennessee, to enable him to
make a motion to refer so much of the report of
the Secretary of War as relates to Military Affairs
to the committee on that subject; and subsequently
to Mr. Sergeant, to make a motion to refer cer-
tain Senate bills, on the Speaker's table, to appro-
priate committees; but both motions having elicited
debate, and objection having been made to said
references, before the same was disposed of,
Mr. BOTTS renewed his motion for adjourn-
ment; which was put, and carried, and
The House adjourned till to-morrow, 12 o'clock.
subject, and the certificates of a number of cap-
tains of steamboats, was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented two peti-
tions__one from a number of the citizens  of the
city and county of Philadelphia, and the other
from citizens of Bridgeport, Connecticut, all of
whom are engaged in the coach-lace making busi-
ness. They say that the duty on worsted coach
lace is sufficient to enable them to manufacture it
cheaper than it can be imported; but that silk lace,
by a recent judicial decision, is permitted to be im-
ported duty free, contrary, as they say, to the spirit
of the law. They therefore pray a modification of
the law. The petitions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a petition from the
vestry of St. Philip's Church of the city of Charles-
ton, praying a remission of duty on an organ, im-
ported for the use of said church; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCHANAN presmted a memorial of a
number of American citizens residing in Malaga,
in the Kingdom of Spain, representing that Ameri-
can citizens are not permitted the rite of sepulture
in the places for burial there, but are compelled to
j be carried to Ihe shore of the Mediterranean,
| where ihey are suffered to remain. They pray that
Congress may make an appropriation which will
enable them to procure a place of burial for their
dead. The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from John
S. Roulett; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial from the
president and directors of the Patriotic Bank of
Washington, praying for a renewal of their char-
ter, which was referred to the Committee on the
District.
Mr. M. al*o presented the petition of Mary
Prettyman, widow of Thomas G. Prettyrran;
which was referred to the same committee.
Also, the petition of William Hebb, the keeper
of the naval magazine in the city of Washington,
asking an increase of compensation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee oh Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the several memo-
rials now on the fi'es of the Senate, praying for the
establishment of a light-house at the mouth of Lit-
tle Egg harbor, we:e referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion by Mr. RUGGLES, the petition and
papers on file in the case of Joseph Veazey, were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WHITE of Indiana presented a memorial
of citizens of Kosciusko county, Illinois, praying
for the establishment of a mail route therein desig-
nated; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BENTON presented the memorial of the
superior of the religious order of Ihe Ladies of the
Sacred Heart, a charitable institution for the edu-
! cation of indigent children in St. Louis, praying
J for the remission of duties on certain presents im-
ported from France; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, to which was referred the memorial of
James Thompson, agent of the British and Foreign
Bible Society, and
The memorial of William Strickland and others,
asked to be discharged from their further conside-
ration, and that they be luid on the table; which
was agreed to.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, to wbieh
had been referred the message of the President rela-
tive to the transfer of appropriations in the War De-
partment, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be printed; which was
agreed to.
Mr.W. also, from the same committee, to which
had been referred the bill supplementary to the act
entitled, "An act to establish branches of the Mint
of the United States, approved March 3,1835,"
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the memorial of cer-
tain manufacturers of wool, asked to be discharged
IN SENATE,
Thursday, January 9,1840.
The CHAIR submitted a message from the Pre-
sident of the United Slates, communicating addi-
tional information in relation to the disputed boun-
dary line between the State of Missouri and Terri-
tory of Iowa; which, on motion by Mr. LINN, with
all the other papers on the subject, was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a message from the President of the
United Stales, showing the operations of the Topo-
graphical Bureau, during the year 1839; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the United
States, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 30th ult. calling for information in
relation to the recent suspension of the banks;
which was inferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PRENTISS presented the petition of Samuel j
J. Smith for a pension; which was referred to the ■
Committee on Pensions.                                         ¡
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the petition of ;
John P. Converse and Henry J. Rees was taken |
from the files  of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. PHELPS presented the petition of Samuel
Dean; which was referied to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. LINN presented a memorial of Samuel
Raub, jr. in relation to his safety valve for steamboat
boilers"; which, with a former petition pn the same
