CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
from it  farther consideration, and that it lie on the
table; which was agreed to.
Mr. H. also from the same committee, to which
had been referred the message of the President in
relation to the transfer of appropriations in the
Treasury, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be printed; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WHITE of Indiana, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to brimj in a bill for the
relief of Peter Warner; which was read twice, and
referred to ihe Committee on the Publ c Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of Henry J. Pickering;
which was read twice, and teferred to the Commit-
tee on Finance-
Mr. STRANGE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referreJ the petiiirn of
Samuel H. Thompson, asked to be discharged from
the farther consideration thereof, and thai it be laid
on the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the memorial of
Andrew Armstrong, made an adverse report there-
on; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALL submitted ¡he following resolution-:
Retobad, That the Committee on the Judiciary
bt instructed 10 inquire into Ihe expediency of abo-
lishing imprisonment in all cases under and by
▼irme of mesne process issuing out of the courts
of the United States.
Retolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the removal of the obstructions
in the navigation of the Sound, or Kill, Van Kull,
and in the Raritan or Prince's Bay, between the
port of Perth Amboy, in the State of New Jersey,
and port of New Yorkr in the State of Near York,
mentioned in the report of Captains Lawrence
Kearney, John D. Stoat, and M. C. Perry, to the
Secretary of the Navy, dated December 9, 1837.
Mr. YOUNG submitted the following resolution:
Retolved, That the Secretary of War be instruct-
ed to report to the Senate whether Rock Island, in
the county of Rock Island and State of Illinois, has
been abandoned as a military post by the troops of
the United States, and whether the farther reser-
vation of the same is necessary for the defence of
the Wisttrn frontier.
The various resolutions submitted yesterday by
Messr-. Yodno and Smith of Indiana, were seve-
rally considered and agreed to.
The resolution submitted by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of William Easby, advere to that petition, was
considered and agreed to.
ORDERS OP THE DAY.
The following bills were taken np on their third
reading, real a third time, and finally passed, viz:
The bill for the relief of Walter Loomis and
Abel Gay.
The bill for the relief of W. N. Robertson,
Samuel H. Garrow, and S W. Simnnton.
The bill for the relief of W. A. Whitehead, late
collector of the port of Key West, in Florida.
The bill for the ieUef of Benjamin Murphy.
The bill for the relief of R chard T. Banks.           ,
The joint resolution authorizing the President to   j
eauocei tain surveys to be made.
The bill for the armed occupation and settlement
of that part of Florida now overrun by hostile
bands of marauding Indians, was taken up on its
third reading, and Messrs. CRITTENDEN, ,
PIERCE, and PRESTON addressed the Sena:e at
length on the subject.                                                   ¡
Mr. STRANGE intimating his intention to speak
on the bi'l, on motion,                                                 ,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, January 9,1840.
The bill from the Senate for the relief of John
H. Jacobs was twice read; and, on the motion   of
Mr. CURTIS, referred to the Committee of Com-
merce.
Als'), Senate bill making appropriation to com-
plete the removal of raft of Red River, and for
other purposes, was twic« read.
Mr. CURTIS moved thalj it be referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. R. GARLAND moved to refer it to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr McKA Y move! to refer it to the Committee
,   of WAYS and Means; and
After some discussion as to the appropriate com-
i mittee to which the same should be referred, in
| which Messrs. CURTIS, VANDERPOOL,
McKAY, CROSS, BIODLE, GARLAND of Lou-
| isiana, POPE, EVERETT, and MITCHELL
¡   partook,
Mr. PECK moved that the bill do lie on the ta-
ble; upon which motion
Mr. R. GARLAND demanded the yeas and
nays, which were not ordered.
The question was> then taken on the motion, by
| count, that the same do lie on the table, and de-
cided in the negative—ayes 54, nays 77.
After s ime furtherremarks by Messrs. EVANS,
j SERGEANT, and R. GARLAND,
j      Mr. SERGEANT moved to postpone the subject
until to-morrow ; which was agrreJ to.
Mr. LAWRENCE obtained the general consent
■ of the Hou-e  to present the memorial of R. B.
•I Forbes and others, American cit;zens, and mer-
• chants in Canton, China, for a naval force to pro-
tect their persons and the property ofthemtehes
I1 and iheir countrymen ; and also to stnd an agent,
i who shall be authorized to make a commercial
j ■ treaty with that empire; which memorial, on mo-
ij tionofMr. L. was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printeJ.
Mr. HOFFMAN having called for the special
order of the day, which was the amendment to the
rules reported by the committee on that subject,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that said special
order be postponed until Taesday next, and that
the rules of the last Congress be further adopted for
the government of the House until Thursday next;
which motion was agreed io.              /
The CHAIR announced that the dubject ma'ter
before the House was the resaMutiorfof Mr. Camp-
bell of South Carolina, propjsing/o refer all the
documents and testimony infrela/ion to the New
Jerfey disputed election to Aie/ommittee on that
subject; and Mr. Bell's subaitute therefor, declar-
ing that the gentlemen withpu/ certificates should
not be qualified.                  \i
Mr. BO ITS, who was en/tied to the floor, said
if he were to consu't hisinclinauon instead of what
he believed to be his duty, he would continue, us
heretofore he had bren, a silent member; but be-
lieving, in the sincerity of his heart, that the
decision made here was fraught with more mo-
mentous and important conseqnences than any one
presented to an American Congress since the
adoption of the Constitution, he should feel faith-
lets to the high trust imposed in him if he per-
mitted the present occasion to pass without
expressing his unqualified and unmitiga'ed disap-
probation of the course pu'sued by the majo-
rity of the House. He did not belong to that
class of politicians denominated the State Rights
party, according to the modern definition
of that term; for he believe 1 that the ge-
neral understanding of the definition by the
world was, that they profess every thirg and
practise nothing; nor was he one of those who at-
tached much imporance to a name. It would af-
ford him very little sat sfaction, when he and his
children were deprived of their libpitiei, to be told
that they were taken írom them by the friends of
the human race. For three weeks of this session,
he had sat in the House a silent member, but con-
fessed that he was a pained and mortified spectator
of the scenes around him—scenes that he had been
but little accustomed to elsewhere. It was but a
few years ago that the firct act of expunging look
place in any legislative body of this" country; it
was an act, the only object oí which was to render
homage to a lawless and vindictive tyrant—the
only effect cf which was to produce heartfelt and
sincere disgust in the bosom of every honest pa-
triot. It was his misfortune <o have been the spec-
tator of the second scene of expunging. The
first was all a farce, but the rejond might
be called a tragedy—and might well be
called the last days of  the   Republic.    He
had seen the State of New Jersey expunged,
not by the miserable and farcical process of draw-
ing black lines, but had seen her representatives
driven from this floor; and for what purpose—for
the purpose of affecting party triumph. He said
it had pleased the people of the United States to
elect representatives to this House in opposite n to
the party in power; but that party, in order to ef-
fect iheir objects in the election of Speaker, found
it necessary to expunge five of the representatives
of New Jersey from that floor, and he questioned
very much, ¿f it had not been for the existing state
of parties which divided the body, whether ihese
gentlemen would have been deprived of their seats.
Mr. B. then entered at large into the whole
merits of the case, contending that the certificates
of the Governor of New Jersey, as prima facie
evidence of the election, entitled those holding them
to take their seats. He denied that a particle of
testimony had been offered to impeach those certi-
ficates; for he would not admit the certificate oi*
the Secretary of State to be evidence, or that that
officer hada right to affix the seal of the State to it.
Mr. B. referred to various precedents to show
that the person having the returns in all legis'a'ive
bodies, always takes the seat in the first instance;
and in the course of his remarks, referred to a
speech of Mr. Smith of Maine, in the Legislature
of that S'ate, which he said was in opposition to
the course now pursued by that gentleman. At the
opening of the session of the Legislature of Maine,
to which Mr. B. referred, a motion, he said was
made by Mr. Albert Smith, now a member of this
House, to admit Mr. Andrew Roberts to his seat, on
the ground that be held the certificate of the return-
ing officer, though Mr. Robeite did net not receive
a majority of the voles.
Mr. SMITH asked leave to explain. Mr. Ro-
berts, he said, did receive a majority of the votes
of the people of the lown of Kennebunk. There
never was any question raised to the contrary.
The only question was, whether the voters of the
town of Kennebunk had, under the laws of the
State, a right to adjourn the polls from day to day.
It was admitted on all hands that Mr. Roberts had
an undisputed majority. The gentleman, Mr. S.
said, don't catch me going against majorities.
Mr. BOTTS continued, and read various ex-
tracts from the speech of Mr. Smith referred to.
Mr. B. then referred to the precedents of this
House, which, he said, all bore h;m out in the
ground he had lakeu; and in the Legislatures of
the different States, he said, it was invariably the
practice to give the seats to the persons holding
the certificates of the returning officer. In eluci-
dation ot this part of his argument, Mr. B. referred
to a case of contested election in the Virginia Le-
gislature, in which Messrs. Berkley and Davis both
da'med to be elected to represent the county of
Hanover. This ca*e, Mr. B. said, was misunder-
s'ood, and erroneously stated the other day by bis
colleague, [Mr. Dromgoole,] and he then proceeded
to state the case according to his understanding of
it, which was, that the teat was awarded to the
gentleman who held the certificate of the sheriff.
Mr. B. appealed to his colleague, [Mr. Banks,]
who had presided with so much ability for twenty
years in the Virginia Legislature, if, in cases of
contested election, thee ever was an instance
in which the seat was not given, in the first in-
stan-e, to the person who had the primo facie
evidence.
Mr. BANKS said, that as he had been appealed
to, he would sta'e wh-u had u>ually been the prac-
ticeln ihe House of Delegates of the S'ate of Vir-
ginia. He knew that the u*ual practice had b:en
that the certificate of the sheriff should be received
as prima facie evidence of election; and the party
holding it qualified, when there was no illegality
in conducting the polls, in which case it was sent
back. He thought, however, his colleague was
mistaken in his statement of the case from the
county of Hanover. He held in his hand a state-
ment of the facts in this case, made by the Clerk of
the House of Delega es, from which it appeared
that Mr. Berkley came iito the House of Dele-
gates, and claimed and took his seat as a delegate
from the county of Hanover. Mr. V*™> nf
opponent,  also cante into ihe House and took
