lió
his seat, both members having qualified before the
Executivs, as the members of the Virginia Legis-
lature are qualified by tha' officer, and net, as here,    i
by the Speaker.   In ihs state of the case, and with-   i
out any petition or memorial whatever fiom any
quarter on the subject, a resolution was iniro luced
by Mr. Winston to refer  the wh le mauer to the
Committee of Privileges and Elrc;ions.   Mr. B.
here read the following extract from the sta'ement
in his hand: "On the second day of the scs ion, a
motion was made by Mr. Winsam to adept ihe fol-
lowing  resolution: Rtsalved, That  the Committee   \
of Privileges and Elections  be instructed to report   ¡
upon the  coniested election  from  the county of   i
Hanover as soon  as possible; and in the mean   I
time, that the two members thus contesting tl.eir  i
elections ftom said county, be not entitled to their j
seats in this House,                                                     t
"It is here proper to state [the Clerk adds] that ¡
no f e ition had bten presented by any peisou pre- '
viously to rai-e the question."                                      <\
Mr. B. said it was after the committee had re- >,
ported that Mr. Berkley was admitted to his seat, |
and that he held it for the remainder of the ses- ,'
sion.                                                                              |
Mr. BOTT3 asked which of the two had the re- |
tains,                                                                           I
Mr. BANKS replied that one he'd the certificate j j
of the sheriff, the othei that of the deputy sheriff.      11
Mr. BO ITSsaid it was because the polls were held !
by both those officer?; in the first pari of ihe day by j
the sheriff, and in tie lat'er part by the deputy, that
the difficulty occurred in the House of Delegates,
and caused ihem to take the course they did. He
would ask his colhague, however, if he hims>eif
had not, in private conversation, expressed to him
the opinion that the certificate-, of the Governor of
New Jersey were sufficient to enable the ge'st'enen
holding them to take their stats. He w&s stirpri-ed,
he said, after hearing these admissions from his
cotleague, to see him, time after time, passing
through the tellers and voting to exclude these gen-
tlemea.
Mr. BANKS here asked leave to explain, which
being granted,
Mr. B.   said a; he  did not mean  f> discuss
this question, believing the whole discuss.on to be  J
premature, his object had been, and was still, to   j
refer the wbo'e matter to the Committee of E'ec-   j
t.ons, who would embody all the evidence and (acts   i
in a report, and the House could then, and not be-   !|
fore, decide who were the leg d and constitutional   j
representatives   from the State  ot  New   Jersey.   '
Mr. B. admi'ted lhathehadsaid here and else  ht re   h
that the re tificate of return was piima facie evi-   I,
dene*, but not conclesive of right ; bul in ihu case,    I
which stands without an exact paral'e',  ten ge itie-    j
men claim scats, when only five are enutled.    The
House was then forced to take some action on the    ¡
*u*>ject, and they adopted the safest course in se-    j
curirg the rightsof the cit z-ns c-f Niw Jersey, in    j
refe'nrg the whole mat'er to a committee, whjre    |
a 1 the lacts may be ehcited, and the Hcuse be en-    ,
abled to give a conect judgment upon the rghts of    |
the parties r sp   ttvely.                                              I
Mr. POTTS    continued  his remarks for some    |
time, replying to the remarks of Mr. Duncan, and
other gentleman, wno had previously occupied the
floor in opposition   to the   claims _of the members    i
com mi sioned by the  Governor.   After  he   had    j
corcluded,                                                                     ,
Mr. RANDOLPH obtained the floor, and di- '
cu-^ed at some length the merits of the New Jersey ¡r
question. He Wtnt over the same ground which J
h:id been previously occupied by himself and other |
members on the same side of the controversy. He |
presented many decuments in the coutse of his re- I
marks, to prove that frauds had been committed ,
at the ballot box—sufficient, he contended, to esta- I
bltsh the right of those holding the certificate-  of the ¡
Governor to beaecred.tsd by the House as ihe le- \
gitimate representatives of the peop'e of New Jer-
sey. Mr. R. without having finished his remarks,
yielded the floor to
Mr. COR WIN, who moved that the House do   j
adjourn; upon which mo'ion,
Mr. SMITH of Maine demanded the yeas and
nays; and the same having been ordered,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. C0RW1N withdiew his mot.on for ad-
journment; whereupon,
Mr. STANLY leaewed it.
Mr. RAMSEY demanded the yeas and nays;
which having been ordered, were—je-is 64, nays
104.
So the Houss refi'S'd to adjourn.
Mr. RANDOLPH having proceded in his re-
marks a shrrt time, againyielded the floor to
Mr. LLW13 WILLIAMS, who moved that the
Hou^e do adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY demanded the yeas and nays on
said motion; which having been ordered,
Mr. L. WILLIAMS withdrew his motion.
Mr. RANDOLPH renewed the motion for the
adjournment, upon which
Mr. WELLER demanded the yeas and nay?;
which were ordered, and  were—yeas 58, nays 73.
So t.ie Hou e atain refused to adjourn.
Mr. RANDOLPH then sent to the Chair amass
of depcstioris, touching the íl'egality of votes
taken m U e districts rejected by ihe county clerk--;
and ihe Clerk h?ving proceeded for some time in
the read>n?of the same,
Mr. C. WILLIAMS moved that theHcus?do
adjrurn; upon which mo'n n,
Mr McCLELLAN d*manded the yeas and nays;
which being oidsred by the Houss, were—yeas 67,
nays 58
'Ihe House accordingly adjourned till tc-morrow
at 12 o Muck.
IN SENATE,
Friday, January 10, 1840.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a report of
the Stcreury of Slat , exhibiting the number,
names, and c mpensations of the clerks in that De-
partmmt during the year 184Ü; wh.ch was read,
at d orckred to be printed.
Also, a te.itrt of the Secretary of the Treasury,
mide in compliance vr'vh a resolution of the Se-
nate, exhibi ing the prices of certain Srate stocks
in the London and home markets, which was cr-
dered to be piimed, and that fiitetn hundred addi-
tional cop'es bi printed.
ALo, a rcpoit of ihe Secretary of War, in com-
pliance with a rts >!u i >n of the Senate of the 30t'i
ul'. callirg for information in relation to the pro-
ceed ng< in the c-.se of Lieut. Col. Biant; which
was ordered to lie on ihe table, and be printed.
The CHAIR also piesented the memorial of
Choline y Ha'l, piaying that provi-iun muy be
made by Congress f•. r testii.g ihe meiiis of a sieam
erg ne, of which he is ths inventjr; which was re-
leí red to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
On m .lion by M". PIERCE, it was ordered that
Djrc.n L. Clinch have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers, presented at the la^t session.
Mr. PIERCE presented the petition of John
Bauer, a solher in the Ord'iance Department, pray-
ing a pension, in consideration of a disability m-
currej by the premature discharge of a cannon,
whi'si assisting at the firing of a national sa-
lute; which was referred to the Committee on Pen^-
sion-'.
Mr. P. al,o presented the petition of Wil'red
Knott, a jollier during ihe late war with Greit En-
tain, ptaym? a ptniton for woiirds received whilst
i", the ducharge o( his duty; which was referred to
ihe Coni'iiitee on Pensions.
Oa motion by Mr. ROANE, or.'ered that the pe-
tition of Siephen McCoimiok, now on file, be re-
frr ed to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the memorial of Fa-
muel Lord, praying to be released from liability as
surety on a custom-house bond; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, it was ordered
lh<.t the petition of James H. Clark, now on file,
be referí rd t > ihe Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the memorial cf Jo-
seph K. Eoyd and others, surviving cap ors and
legal representatives ot deceased captors, who vo-
lunteered in r< capturing and destroying the frigate
Philadelphia, in the harbor of Tripoli, in the year
1804, prayirg remuceiation for the services ptr-
foimed in that action; which was referred ti the      ,
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr- CLAY of Alabama presented a let'er of
W. W. Chapman, Delegate in Congres,  trota'"'
Territory of Iowa, in ¡eference to a r p >ri i
mornirg paper of some remarks made by Mr. L
in the faénate yesterday, on the disputed  boundary      f|
between Iowa and Missouri, and v> h ch  were as     |
follows:                                                                           i
MISSOURI AND IOWA TERRITORY.            (
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memorial      ,
from ihe Legisla ive Council  ot  Iowa,  praying a      |
sett'ement oi tire coniested boundary  line between
I   said Territory and ihe State if JV!iss)uii.
i      Mr. LINN said that, in cunseq erice oí the delay
on the part of the Congiess ot  t'ie United States
I   definitely to sett'e, in conjunction Wiih the auihon-
t es of Missouri,  the  northern   boundary   of the
Siate, a senous conflict seermd at one  tine   o be
threaened between us and our  brethren of the
■   Terti ory of Iowa.      Fortunately,   me storm had
i for the present raised wi.hout b.o d^hed,  but we
are admonished of the necessity of settling perma-
nently this disturbing matter.
He thought the State of Missouri had not been
well treated by the General Govern mint. SShe had
presented to the Senate, nearly ten years since, a
memorial on the necess ty of defining our lim is on
the north; and it was predicted in mat paper that
gtave evils would occur if delayed until the coun-
try north of xxt should become settled bv the
whites, or given to emigrating tubes of lnd ans.
Congress neglected these admoni ions, and ftr se-
veral years a bill, introduced by himself, having
for i's object the settlement of it e que.-1 on, was,
for want of time, not passed by the House of Re
prescniativc. The Siate of Missouri pa-s d an
act appointing comm ssioners to run her Nortne.n
boundary, and invited the General Govemme.u to
unite commissioners with hers, to aid in seiding
this important question. This inv taiion was not
accepted. Missouri proceeded to run her lne ac-
cording, a«s is believed, to the act of Congress of
March, 1820, and the Constitution of the Slate.
Subsequently to this, Congress } a*sed an ai t ap-
pointing Comnvssioners to run the southern
bcundaiy of tlowa, who made arepoit, wheh was
laid before Congress during ihe last ses^un. One
1 object Mr. Linn had in view in rising, was to con-
vince the Senate that the claim of Missouii to an
exiension of her jurisdiction was not a claim of
yesU'iday, but that she informed Congiess cd the
d fficultiss which suiroundtd ihe su'j.ct, neatly ten
year  since. Mr. Linn then read as fo.low.s irom
the memorial:
"Your memorialis's further represent that the
northern boundary of this Siate, as  indicat d by
the act of Congiess of the  6th o   March, 1820,
and adepted by our Constitution, i-> the lara'ld of
latitude  which passes through the  rap ds of the
! river Des Moines, extending on that line from the
,  northwest corner of the Sute   ' 10 the middle of
' the channel of the mam  fork of the said rive. Des
Moines; thence, down al;ng the middle ot the ma n
channel of the said liver Des Momes to the in uth
of the same where it empties into  the M s,issippi
river.'   This hue is vague and indefinite.    The
country on the Des Mo nes is m. 1 un-e tied, and
cc mparaiively unknown, alihough the flood if mi-
gration  mw   pouring  into  ih s  S a'e  is iaj idly
I   iet,dir,g  to that  border.   We  arc not inloru.ed of
I   ihe exiiCtl cal position of the 'rapids of the river
j   Des Moines,'nor whether thos-e  rapids are > cca
;   sioned by a  single oLstruction of ihe stream, so as
j   to indicate the precise position ol ihe  line, or are
¡   produced by a succession of kboaN, extendirg like
I   the rap.ds of the Mississippi, for many miles.   And
if, on examination, it should be found that the
course of the Des Moines, like that oí the Missis-
sippi, is disturbed by different rapid?, with lon^ in-
tervals of a smooth enrrent between them, it may
¡   well be doubled which of the rapids shall ind (ate
our northern boundary. And we consider it highly
, important that the line in question  should be defi-
i mtely sett'ed and distinctly known before the whit*
settlements, new rapidly spreading, shall reach the
borders, and before the possibility ot a conflict with
the Indian tribes, which we have reason to appr«
hend may be removed to that fiontier,   And to
