CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
Ill
that cod we respectfully request that Congress will
take such measures as to their own wisdom and
justice thall seem most proper."
Congress failed to appoint commissioners to
j^eet those or Missouri; but the commissioners
*§bsequently appointed by Congress made a
^port, which leaves the subject where they
„i'ound it. They decided nothing. Questions of
boundary have in all ages and countiies been pro-
lific sjurces of contention and bloolshed between
individuals and nations. Every thing that can be
done should be done to avoid such sad alternatives
among the different communities of this happy
Confederacy. Congress cannot now fix the boun-
daries of Missouri. They were defined by the law
of March 6, 1820, authorizing us to form a Con-
stitution, adopted in the Constitution of the State,
and ratified by the General Government. The sou h-
ern boundary of Iowa Territory can by Corgress
be made to conform to the claims of Missouri; but
we must have our legal and constitutional rights;
and, as a last resort, the courts of our common
country may yet have to decide what those rights
are.
Mr. LINN moved that the memorial from which
be bad just read an extract, together with the re-
port cf the United States Commiwioners made dur-
ing the last session, te referred to the Committee
on the Judicrery.
The letter of Mr. Chapman was then read, as
follows:
To the Honorable the Señale of the United States :
The u .deigned, the Delegate liom theTenitory
of Iowa, begs leave of your honorable body to say,
that from one of the city papers of this morning he
E remes that one of the honorable Senators from
issouri has made a speech upon the sulj'Ct of the
disputed boundary bsiween the State of M issouri
and the Territory.
Inasmuch as ihe Territory of Iowa is nece=sanly
without representation in your honorable body,
(except so far as Senators generally have been
p eased to treat her claims with great kindness,)
and as the subject of ihe boundary for some da} s
has been before a committee of the House, where
the undersigned has been able to give it h s per-
sonal attention, and where, some time since, the
Repretenta'ives from Missouri were, by the com-
mittee, mvi ed to attend, with the undersigned ; he,
therefere, had good reason, as he supposes, to hope
that, until an investigation could be had by a cotn-
m.uej, Mis ouri would refrain from charging the
General Government «nh ill treatment.
If the undersigned might be permitted to refer to
the liberality of Congress towards that State, he is
sure that the recent addition of an immense district
of country would not be the only instance of the li-
berality of the General Government towards the
State of Missouri.
Yoar petitioner has no fears of the final result of
this question. He only hopes that if nothing but the
constitutional boundary will be accepted by that
State, your honorable body will not consider it your
duty, though possessed of the power, to extend her
constitutunal limits. Should the legal boundary
be found to run through the heart ot our flourish-
ing Territory, our people have too much pride to
stand oat against the deliberate op nion of Congress,
and seek redress elsewhere.
On the contrary, if it s^all appear that Missouri
already «ciupie-. more than her con titutional
limits will allow, he hopes for an award of the ba-
lance found in our favor.
At this time, the undersigned forbears referring
to any of the numerous documen's in his posses-
sion, going far, in his opinion, to sustain the claims
of the Territory, fearing that doiBg so previous to
the subj:ct coming before a committee, might ba
consiJered ptemature on his part.
With great respect, I have the honor to be, your
obedient servant             W. W. CHAPMAN.
Washington, Jan. 10, 1840.
Mr. LINN said he regretted exceedingly that his
young friend, the Delegate from Iowa, had writ en
and sent this letter here, as it was based upon mis-
apprehension of his remark , as uttered on this
floor, and pun'ed in the Intelligencer. He said he
was determined the Delegate should have no pre-
tilt for saying that one of the Senators from Mis-
souri had given him just cause for writing this
letter, the object of which seemed intended lor
horn* consumption, and to show his constituents of
the great care he was taking of the in erests
of Iowa. In hts remarks, he had carefully
abstained from entering into ihe merits of the que.-
Uon m dispute, and he could not refrain from ex-
pressing his surprise ihat the Delegate had so con-
strued and characterized them. He was certain
that, by no rule of construction, could they be so
viewed On moving the reference of a message
from the President, which contained informa-
tion touching the controversy eitis'ing in rela-
tion, to the boundary line bttween Iowa and
Missouri, he had taken occasion to call
the attention of the Senate to the existence
of a numonal fr*m the Legislature of Missouri,
presented to Congress nine or ten years since,
which stated, m calm and respectful terms, the im-
portance of not leaving that boundary line vague
and unsettled until the question m ght become com-
plicated, in consequence of the tide of wln'e popu-
lation flowing into th t quarter, or the coun-
tiy be given to some emigrating tribe of
Indians from some of the interior States.
He had felt it his duty to call the attention
of the Senate and the ci untry to this memorial, to
prove that the claim of Missouri to an exfnsion of
jurisdiction was not an rfier th ught, or claim of
but ye-terday,and to show that her admonitions bad
been overlooked or disregarded; that the evils pre-
dctedf.om delay were now taking p'ace. The
memorial d>es noten'er into the merits of the ques-
tion ; on the contrary, it s'ates that the line was
vague and indefinite, perhaps from the phraseology
o the set rf Congre s of March 6,1820, which au-
thorized us to form a Constitution. Nor, Mr. Pre-
s dent, has he argued the matter, for or agairst
Missouri, ncr endeavored in any manner to preju-
dice the oriiion of this body against Iosva.
Mr. L. said that he krew tie contest in th s
case was between the United Sa'es and the State
of Missouri, involving, it was true, the m'erests of
Iowa. If Congress possessed any undispjted pouer,
she certainly had sole and entire control over ihe
public lands, and over the Territories. Tnis case
was much stronger than existed in the contest be-
tween Onio arid Michigan, inasmuch as Michigan
claimed to be a sovereign and independent
Stat*, and c'aimed certain rigVts und^r ihe ordi-
nance of 1787. Notwuhs adding this, C ngress
exercised her (in his op.n en) undoub'ed power
to prescribe limits to Michigan. In coming to this
decision, which involved the boundaries of three
States, it was possible that the decision was some-
what influenced by their votes in Cong ess, and
by their political power. Missouri, in her consti-
tutional shpere of action, is as free and independent
as the United States. She has the same right to
construe the act of March 6, 1820, as th s Go-
vernment. Sie has solemnly given her conduc-
tion to it, and it remained for Congress ti give hers.
Mr. NORVELL said that he should not have
risen, but for the allusion of his honorable friend
behind him frcm Missouri [Mr. Linn] to the case
of the Michigan boundary. He had no doutt that
the right cord had been touched, when the decision
of that question had been ascribed to the number
of electoral votes which were ci ntrolled by Oh>o,
Indiana, anl Illinois, on that ocaasion. He had
risen, however, to second the resolu'ioa of the Se-
nator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] o pr.nt and refer
the letter of the Delega'e fi om Iowa. He under-
stood that it was couched in respectful language.
It had relat on to a boundary line, which that Ter-
ritory claimed, of greit importance to her. He
protested against the idea that the Territory h3d
no interest in tbi-> question. It seemed, f.om the
whole action of this Government, to be considere!
that the peop'e of the Territories possessed neith r
rights nor interests of any kind. He trus'ed that
such a doctrine would no longer be en'ertamed.
He confessed that his sympathies were with Iowa
in the present controversy, but certainly not fo
deeply enlisted as to induce htm to do injust ce to
Missouri.
Mr. LINN said perhaps he had commuted an
error in his language; but he merely meant to say
that, as a party to this question, Iowa had no inte-
rest in it. As a question to be settled, it lay wholly
between the United States and Missouri. And
would any body now say that the decis.on of Con-
gress on this question would be b ndm? on Mis-
souri? Wou d any one say that Missouri could bo
forced in o acquiescence to it? The ult'tnate ap-
peal was bejond the reach of Congres*, anl if
Congress d.d not sett'e it, the courts were open.
Mr. L. preferred that Congress should settle it? but
if they determined that Missoun had no right
whatever to the Territory, and sent an armed power
to enforce then edicts, he hoped they would be met
by a spirit of resistance on the part of M.sionri.
Mr. ALLEN said, the controversy between
Michigan and Ohio was happily terminated; but he
wa? not aware that the subject of Presidential elec-
tors had any thing to do with it. In the House of
Representatives, when that subject was under dis-
cussion there, m 1834, in a speech which he made,
he had taken the same ground as he would at pre-
sent, viz: that the people of the Territory of
Mich'gan had only a resulting contingent in erest,
but, as a party, no interest ai all; because Michi-
gan was not a party to the controversy, which was
wholly betwe-n Ohio and the Federal Govern-
ment.
But Mr. A had now risen chiefly to express hit
dissent from the doctrine of the Senator frrm Mis-
souri, as to a final appeal on this question. The
Un tjd States Supreme Coait had no jurisdiction
over this question by the Constitution, and m'o
that jutiSlic ion it conH not be drawn. It was a
question between sovereign powers, with which
that cour', temg the creiture and representative of
one of those sovereign powers, has no r ghc to in-
terfere, either directly or indirectly.
Mr. A. wou'd remark, further, that he had
never looked at ibis question as to the right < f
Missouri or the United Sutes to this territory. But
he hoped Congress would act on this subj'ect purely
in reference to such right as should be found to
exist in the formation of the Constitution of Mis-
souri, and without any reference whatever to the
Presidential elect on, or any other question. If
Missouri had aright to the territory, let her have
it, without setting up as a scarecrow the Presiden-
tial election. L°t her have exact and equal justice.
Mr. BUCHANAN «ud that this was in i's ra-
ture a question purely judicial, and theref re cn°rn
wh ch the Senate ought t > act with ter ect calm-
ness and cVircation. They ought to hear both
sif'es patient y; and their decision, wl aiever it
mig'it be, cug .t to carry with it that moral power
which always resulted from s ri"t impar.ialiiy and
thorough, as we'l as calm investigation. But what
did we then wnn<s*? The question had been dis-
cussed whether, in case Congress sho ild decii'e
against Missouri, that Stite would afterwards have
the power of appeal ng to the Federal Judiciary.
But could it be of any possible benefit to Missouri
to discuss this question in adv?nc ' It was possible
the question might never arise; and if it did, m c< n-
sequence of a decision by Cor gres s agamstM Ssou-
ri, she mig'it then pursue the course which she
thought nv st compatible with her interest and h<r
honor. The question as to the jurisdiction of* the
Supreme Court of the United States over the sub-
ject could nevtr properly arise in this b dy.
Again: an atempt had been mp.de to renew the
war between Ohio and Michigm in the discussion
of thi  qu s ion. They had had enorgh of this
war in the Senate in former years to satisfy any
reasonable man; and he trusted that question would
not then be conjured up to disturb our repose. It
was now o\ er and gone.
Mr. B. hoped the Senate would proced and <et-
tle the real question in controversy, so far as it
was competent for them to decide it, without enter-
ing upon an exciting discussion of me qne.tion
which might never anse, and of another which had
be n already determined. He trusted that the let-
ter would be referred to the Judiciary Committee
wi hout further debate.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said it was very f r
from his mitn'ion or expectation, when he pre-
presented this lel'er, to provoke the d ssussion
which has followel it. The Senator from Missouri
disclaims any intention of going; into the facts
involved in this question; but, said Mr. o. u, wnn-
