CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.

TUfSSDAY, JANUARY 21, 1840.
Volume 8.........No. 8.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
„,.. , ..-WFEJTT.V   ____
PRICE 81 PER SESSION.
-----rrrrr.------------------------------------------=------:—r-

{Continued from Xo. 7.)
which, by unanimous consent, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing ports ot entry at Grand Gulf and Rodney,
in the Stave of MiSM^ippi.
The re-olu'io: s suhm.t'ed yesterday by Messrs.
Wall and Yoonq, were ssvetaliy considered and
agreed to.
ORDFR O? THE DAY.
The bill for the armed occnpation and settlement
of that part of the Tetr.tory of Florida now over-
run by hostile bands of marauding Indians, being
taken up,
Mr. STRANGE addressed the Senate at length
in opposite n to the b.ll.
Mr. TAPPAN submitted some amendments,
which he proposed to offer to the bill, which were
ordered to be prinied.
The Senate then went into an Executive session,
after which, it
Adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, January 10,  1840.
The CHAtR announced that th  subject matter
before the House whs t ;e r-solut bi_o;' Mr. Camp-
bell of South Car lma, proposing to refer a I t-.e
document* and testi-nony n relation to the New
Jersey disputed election to the corrmitt e on that
subjee1; a"id Mr. Bell's .'•ubstnu e t'ier*".'or, d-clir-
ing tha'the gent.'emea withtut certificatei should
not be quali fieJ.
Mr. RANDOLPH, who was enti lei to the floor,
■was about proceeding, but was interrupted by
Mr. GtDDINGS, who inquired ot the Chair,
•winner he was not entitled to the floor, en the
quiñón of pnb'ic priming.
The CHAIR decided ihat the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Randolph] was entitled to it, on
the question announce i.
Mr. DAVIS submi ted a motion to proceed to
the eL?c:ion of Chaplain 'o the House; but
The SPEA KbR ru!ed it out oí order, without a
suspension of th° rules.
Mr. SPANLY inquired if this was not the day
to proceed to the elec ton of public Printer.
Mr. "WISE.   That will come up at 1 o'clock.
Mr. RANDOLPH inimated toa' he was wiling
to yield his r>ght to the fiver, if ¡he genii men of
all parties were disposed '-0 t*ke the qufstion.
Mr. CLIFFORD etprefsed.his wish to address
the House at lag^ upon the question btíoreit, aid,
for one, could not consent.      |          .-'
Mr. RANDOLPH then prpceed/l to argae the
question at some length. He jjus'i£ed the clerks of
courts in stepping «ver ihe*la\rfsof New Jersey
when they hid conceivrd,or lVnad tome 10 the.r
knowledg-, that a fraud hadJreen commuted on
the ballot b>x. Tuey did not |iretjnd to investigate
the votes, but refused to receive an iilegil return
of voie-; it was on tl>at ground that the returns
from the town of Mulville were exclisded; they
were not received in the time prestr bed by the laws
of New Jersey. The law is express as to the time.
The returns were not ¡n conformity to the laws,
inasmuch as they were not received for six or seven
boors after the time presented there, n, and until
af;er the fact had be^n ascertained by the clerk that
a large number of aben and i le^al voles had bren
taken. They were not excluded from the return
because the clerk hid any right, under the law,
to investigate the polls, but because of the know-
ledge he had received of the nature of the returns
to htm, by the return judges, of which, under the
discretion given him by the law, he had the nglt to
determine, as to the legality or illegality. He
¿aid the li.-ts of the county elf rks had bean re.-eived
by the Executive of New Jer-ey, and the question
was started whether the Governor was not bound
to send for the returns of Millville and South Am-
boy.   He read the law, which made it the doty of
the Governor tJ send by expre-s for all sbsent re-
turn*; but he denied that the law contemplated any
other returns than tho-e of the county clerks, and
ma'ntained that he had no right to send for the re-
turns of the polls, Tne clerks had exercised their
discretion in excluding tho*e polls, and the higher
autht nties of the State had no right to go behind
the l.sis of votes returned by them. Heuas con-
fid- nt that was the r ght construction ot the law;
a- d cited cases where the return.ng officers, the
ctunty clerks, had exercised the fame discretion,
and had thrown oat several townsh ps, at different
per'ods in the history of New Jersey. He was
endfrstjod to admit, that, if the Governor had the
power to go behind the county clerk's returns, he
was bound by his cath to send an express for the
polls; but the question had bien ra'sed
by the Governor himself, before the Privy
Council.whether it was i,othis du'y, under the law,
to send (or the absent rejected returns. The pre-
sident of the Council bad examined into lha ques-
tion, and a different cn-iruc'ion, and, he believed,
a correct one, was put upon the law. And ano-
ther ques'ion, he said, had bten raised in the Coun-
cil, whether those papers which had been read in
the Houss as correlative testimony, could be re-
ceived by them. The Canncl decided properly that
they could not; and he was correct heretofore in
saying that the returns of Millville and South Am-
boy were not before them. Mr. R. then denounced
the course the Heuse had pur-ued towards the State
of which he was no  the sole Representative; and
concluded by expressing to the House his con-
sciousness of th* g eat r sponsibihty which had de-
volved on him in consequence.
Mr. SMITH of Maine regretted that he had
been unsuccessful in his attempt to get the floor,
immediately alier the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bott.n1 had taken his seat, merely to reply to
tiat part of th-.'gentleman's speech which related
to himself. It was not his wish or intention to en-
ter in"o tne men's of the question of the right of
the claimants to seats in the House as members
from the State of New Jersey, believing, as he
did, that the House h'd hecome heartily disgusted
with the discussion of that question, and the reite-
ration of argumtnts, which had been so often re-
pealed, that they were as familiar as household
words. Nor did he consider the merits of that case
as now legtmately before the Hous.", and open to
discussion, under the proposition of t>e gentleman
from Tennessee to am°nd the resolution of the
chairman of the Commitlee on Privi'eges and E'ec-
ton, [Mr. Campbfi.l] The question upon that
ameidment did not, in the t pinion of Mr S. open
the mam question of right to seat , nor could it be
the proptr subject c{ debate, un'il the facts and
ev,denr.e had be-n fullv examired i nd reported by
tne committee to whirh they would he referred.
Mr. S. said, he only rose to explain and reply to
a portion of the speech oí the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, which had been introduced with special re-
ference t) the conree which he (Mr. S) had
taken in the House The gentleman had read
from newspapers published in Maine, by the new
friend and ally of the Whig party, the late represen-
tative from Cumberland dis'rict, an extract of a
speech said to have bean delivered by Mr. S. in
the Leg slatnre of Maine, in the year 1630; and had
attempt?d to show a manifest discrepancy by a
comparison of the principles and opinions avowed
in that speech, with the course of Mr. S. in this
Hou*e. Mr. S. was unable to say whether his re-
marks in the Legislature of Maine had been cor-
rectly reported in the paper from wr.ich the gen-
tleman hal read. It was utterly imposible for
him to recollect, with any degree of di>tinctnes s or
precision, what the tenor of his reniarks had b^en
upon the occasion alluded to. But he well remem-
bered the case of Andrew Roberts in the Maine
Legislature—.he decision upon it, and the glorious
results produced by it. That tb  ca«e might be
better understood by the House, be would briefly
state it.
The House of Representatives of Maine, in 1830,
was nearly equally divided. Neither party could
count with much certainty upon a major.ty. In
the Senate there were eight Democrats, and the
same'number of Federalists, ar.d five vacancies,
which, by the Constitution of th;it State, afier the
constitutional candidates had been designated by
the Senators eltct, were to be filled by such Sena-
tors and the Hou^e of Reprf sentatives in conven-
tion. Andrew Robertson appearel as the Repre-
sentative of the town of Waterborongh, in the
county of Yoik—with his csrtificate of e'ec'ion,
and, notoriously, a large majority of 1I13 votes of
the people in h s favor. No o'her person c'aimed
a seat from that town, and there was no evidence
before tlte House tending to impeach, or in any man-
ner control that certificate. Eut the Federal party
had heard that Mr. R had not been elected on the
second Monday of September, the day designated by
Constitution of Maine for holding town meetings
for the choice of town officer-, but that the meet-
ing in Waierborough, having cemp'eted but a part
of the business for which it wat celled on thai day,
had adjourned to the day following, to complete the
elections; and that, on that day, Mr. R. was elect d.
There was a mass of evidence in the case—sealed
up—and which could not be examned, being
directed to the Speaker ; and the Federal patty un-
dertook to expel Mr. Robeits from his seat, and,
to their disgrace, succeeded in the execution of that
nefarious purpose. They then proceeded to elect
their Speaker, which was done bv a majoiity of one
vole ! they filled the vacancies in the Senate with
their own men—and counted the votes for Gover-
nor in such a manner as bcrcly to elect iheir can-
didate.
The proceedings of that Legislature would long
be remembered by the .people of Maine. They
formed a most important epoch in the history of
that State. What, sir, did they do1? Suspend a
member who had obtained a certificate, or commis-
sion, as some gentlemen pleased to call it, against
a clear, decided, and acknowledged majority of votes
thrown by the people—a majority not only ¡proved
by undoubted evidence, but confessed upon the
floor by the member himself? Not so. But they
rudely expelled a member from hi  seat who had
his regulai credential, and the majority of the
votes, and the law and Constitution, and right, and
justice, all in h s favor; and by this outrage elected
their Speaker by a majority of one vole! What was
the consequence of this outrage in that State 1 The
people—the Democracy—had, at the next e'ection,
arisen inJheir majesty, and buriel the principal
actors in these scenes from their places—redeemed
the State from Federal thraldom, and, with the ex-
ception of a single year, had held the Government
ever since.
The same result had followed the course of
Governor Tennington in New Jersey. After
the Congressional election in 1833, at which
Messrs. Dickerson and his associates had
been legally fe.'ected, the Governor nndertook,
for reasons expressed by him at the time, to give
certificates of election to other gentlemen, who had
received but a minority of the votes. The State
election followed in 1839; and what was the verdict
of the people upon his conduct? Instead of the hun-
dred Democratic majority given in 1838 frr Messrs.
Dickerion and others, they threw nearly two
thousand Democratic majority. A mote trium-
phant and emphat'c expression of the voice of the
people could hardly have been given. Conld it be
believed that, after the people had thus set their
seal of disapprobation upon the Executive of the
State, gentlemen would have the unblushing bar-
dihoo I to appear here and claim seals under the
"broad seal" of that Executive?
Mr. S. had, in the Maine Legislature, opposed
the going into the investigation of the right to a
seat—not contested by another—which bad been
gained by a majority of the people's rotes, «a
which, by any evidence before the House, was not
doubted or disputed.   He would do so now.
Ht
