116
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not, an 1 he believed he could not. have been so
understood by any member of the House, charged
any peralttnar; will uttering a uil.ul and delibe-
rate falsehood, lie had toj much respect for the
h gh station lie occupied upon that floor to be guilty
oí" so gro>s a violation of propriety. He had too
much regard for himself, and those wno sent him
here, thus to insult the House of Representatives
of the Uo ted States.
Mr. B0T1S said he understood the remaiks of
the gen'leman as a disclaimer of any intention to
a'Tibu'eio h many improper motive, and that his
lansuage (f y ester lay w as a mete matter of opinion;
that history would speak in tones of rcprobanon ot
the lacgidge he had usíd towards Genera! Jack-
son. Hi: unlers'ood the gentleman as having
d.silaimed any i'.t ntion of hivitg ustd the re-
rauk  in ihe slightest degree a< personally offui-
sive to him: if n jt, he wished hi n distinctly so to
state to the House.
Mr. SMITH was here prccsedins; to reply, by
reiterating what he had Le.'ore said, tui was
interrupted by
The CHAIR, who was of the opinion that no im-
putition iiad been ca^t by the gentleman ftora
Maine in h s speech oí yesierday, (n the gentleman
from Virginia, or any other gentleman. The
Cn.ua paid the rr.ost careful attention to the re-
marks of the gentleman, anJ understood bis re
marks to have a genetal application
Mr. SMITH ol Maine said, that such, he would
veniure to assert, was ihe understanding of evtry
genllunan <n 'hi' floor.
Mr. DUNCiN as'red permi-sion of the gentle-
man entitle i to the floor [Mr. Clifford] to name
a paper he mended to have introducid as pait of
hi. speech jvslert'ay, as he con tern pial ed inserting
it in tie pined r port of that speeih It was
nothing moie than part of the first instalment of
his spieeh delivered roma dajs ago, and which
soms gerteraan in the gallery had turned into
rhyme, and seal to the Globe Office.
Mr. CLIFFORD was then about to resume his
atg'imtn', whrn
Mr. PECK observed that, before the gentleman
went on with hic remaiks, he wished to know it the
Clerk had fini.-hed the reading of his speech. The
Clerk had skipped the title page and part of the
anecdotes, a' d as the House had required the
whole do jumtnt to be read, he wanted to hear the
rc-t of i'.
Mr. CLIFFORD said he did not acquiesce in the
principle laid do* n by the gentleman. The House
had granted him permission to have a certain docu-
ment lead, and he might avail himself of the privi-
lege of u-ing the whole, or a patt of it, as he
plea ed. He had not, however, the slightest objec-
tion to the Clerk's reading the whde of the state-
ment.
Mr. Gailakd, the Clerk, then read the notes and
rcfeierxiS appendei to his sta'ement—the s'ate-
ii.e t itM 1'" hav,ng been read yesierday.
Mr CLIFFOROthen took fhefLx>ranJcomp'eted
his able .srsvrnent, commenced je^erd-iy; replying
oiirlusivcly to ihea-gnrcn's of the several gen-
tlemen who sustained ihe claimants commissioned
by the Governor of New Jersey, and referring to
vaiuus authorities and piecedents which bore him
cut in ihe positions assumed.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania desired to say a
fe v u-rús on the subject then under discussion,and
he -houid be as brief as possible in the remarks he
vis alout to make, pledging himself bcio'fhand
to ihe House that he shoull not eke out hi* speech
by ca'litg for the leading of indolent Jecture> from
a presumptuous subordinate, or any mater not
btriclJy pertinent to the subject.   He should pro-
crel   at   once    to     the     discussion     of    the
question    before    the   House,   and,   with    its
permission, wojld change his posit on.    [Mr. C.
then  oak a p'ace on the fl or nearer to the Chair
thin the one he occupied.] If he was not mistaken,
Mr. C. said, the amendment of Ihe gen'leman from
Tennessee to the resolutions of the gentleman from
South  Cjiolina, required that the  Committee of
Elect ons should report upon the returns and other
papirs, row in the possession of the House, before
pioceeding   to a fall and   final investigation of
the   New   Jersey   elections,   by  purging   the
polls; and this amendment contemplated the
rendering of moie fpeedy justice to the State
of New Jersey than would be done by the
resolu'ion of the gentleman from Son'h Caro-
lina He should, for that reason, vote for it. If
wrong had been done to the State of New Jersey,
the more speedily that wrong was redressed the
better; and as the re^o'uiion of the gentleman from
Tenuess-e, offered as an amendment to the reso-
lution of the Chairman of the Committee of
Election^, con'emplated the most speedy re-
medy, he should give it the preference. Let us
enquire, said he, if wrong has bten done to theSiae
ot New Jersey by the course of ihi> House. As the
question of the propriety or impropriety of the re-
solution, of the gentleman from Tennessee depend-
ed upon the question whether wrong had been done
or not, let us, faid Mr. C. examine whether the
State of New Jer cy has been injured by the course
of this Home or not. Mr. C- here, it being near
four o'c'ock, yielded 'he floor to
Mr. CRANSTOX, on whose motion
Ths House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, January 13,1840.
The CHAIlt submitted a report (rom the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, showing, in compliance with
a resolut on of the Senate, the condition of the two
per cent, fund reserved for making a road or roads
lead ng to the S'ate of Mississippi; which was laid
on ths table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the United
States.t'ansmitting, in compliance with a resoluti >n
of the Senate, a statement showing the amounts
paid for private claims under special ac"s of Con-
gress during the last five years; which was laid on
the table, an>1 ordered to be printed.
Also, a message lrom the Prfs dent, in compli-
ance with the resolu'ion of the Senate of the 30.h
ult. which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
piintfd.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Trea-
siry, incompliance wi h a resolution of the Se-
nate, in rela'ion to the exaction of duties from,
and ih.9 description of papers furnished to, vessels
emp'oyed in ihe whale fishery; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, accom-
panied by a communication from the Commiis oner
of Indian Affairs, with estimates of the appropria-
tions nece-sary for the service of the Indian de-
partment for the jeir 1840; which was read,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAPP AN presented the memorial of a num-
ber of c tizens of Racing in the Territory of Wis-
consin, prajing an appropriation for the construc-
tion of a harbor at that place; which was referred
to the C( mmittee on Commerce, and ordered to
be pnnte I.
Mr. PRENTISS presented a memorial on the
same subject, which was referred to the same com-
mittee.
On motion by Mr. UNN, it was ordered that
the petition of the heirs of Joseph Rodedoux, on
the fi'e  of the Senate, be referred to the Committee
on Piiva'e Land Claims.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of Adam D.
Stewart; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. WALKER pres-nted the petition of Jhn
Brisgs, a Revolutionary soldier; which was refer-
re I 11 the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRESTON presented the petition of the
heir? of James Mayson.deceassd; which was referred
to  the Com mi tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. MERRICK presented the petition of John
Scrhener, praying remuneration for property de-
stroyed durm? the last war wih Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. M. also pre=ent?d the petition of Will am
Hudson, praying remuneration for property de-
stroyed by the enemy during the last war with
Great Britain; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. M. also presented the petit;on of Jame^
Tongue, for the same object; which was referred to
the same committee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN gave notice that, to-morrow,
he would ask leave to in'roduce a bill to prevent
ihe interference of certain Federal officeis m elec-
,10On motion by Mr. BETTS, ordered that the pe-
tition of L*vus Newri-ha, now on fi e, be relerred
to the Committee on Pensions
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, ordered that the
petition and pap-rs now on fi'e in the case ot Na-
hum Ward be refeirad to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Clams.
On motion by Mr. KING, it was ordered that the
Committee oi Commerce be discharged lromthe
further consideration of the peiinon of the vestry
and chuxhwardens of the Protestant Episcopal
Church of Charleston, S. C. and that it be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WHITE, of Tennessee, presented a pream-
ble and resolutions of the Legis'ature of the State
tf Tennessee, which he asked might be read, laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The resolutions were then read, and were as fol-
lows :
Whereas, the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee
have, on various occasions, when in their opinion the great
public interests of the country demanded it, expressed, in tne
most solemn lurm, their views m regard to questions or a na-
tional character involving the welfare of the people ol tna
Uniied Stales, and have at all limes, when 'eenied necessary to
give piactical effect to the sentiments which they entertained,
availed themselves of the power which legitimately, and in
conformity with Ion? established-Republican usage, throughout
the Union, belonged to them, of instructing their ¡Senators, and
requesting their Representatives in Congress to carry out,a  to
specific measures, their declared wishes; and whereas, ti o
extraordinary circumstances which have existed for the last
few years in the financial and commercial interests of the
Uniied States remain unabated, and under causes of increased
excitement and diffiru'ty, originating, as we believe, in the same
vast source of public mischief; and whereas, we do solemnly
believe that to that source, the late Bank of the United States,
is in a great degree to be attributed the oppiessive calamities
under which we have suffered and through which we are now
actually passing; and whereas, during the history of the last
few ye us we have seen ihis mammoth moneyed power strug-
gling almost with success against the Government, and wield-
ing a power in the production of panic and disaster, that, in tha
language of its boldest advocates, we were pronounced to be
I in the midst of a revolution; and the lernble evils which we
have not only been taught it may inflict, and the present ad-
monitions, which proceed from the last throes and asomes of
that expiring power, justify us, and demand at the hands pf
the General Assembly, who should truly be the guardians of
the happiness and prosperity of the people, any effort which can
many wise stiensthen the councils of the nation against, the
recurrence of similar causes and results, and which may en-
courage the Administration ol the country to adhere to its exist-
ing wise and prudent policy in regard to this great and absorb-
ing subject: and
Whereas, the Constitution of the United States contemplates a
Treasury to be beld by the Government, wholly free from any
necessary connection with banks, and the present crisis, as well
asumes past, have demonstiated the wisdom of such a mea-
sure; this Geneial Assembly do most fully approve the policy
heretofore i ecommended by the President of the United States
in relation to what has been denominated an Independent Trea-
sury, and believe that the passage of the measure brought for-
ward in the last Congress, or some si mi lar system upon this
subject, would be not only prudent, but is absolutely demanded
by the peculiar and remarkable vicissitudes which have acted
powerfully upon the currency and commerce of our country;
and, further, that such a measure wuuld contribute to the mora
permanent stability of our institutions, the independence of the
Government for a 1 purposes of peace and war, to check the
wild and extravagant spirit of the a e that has come upon us
w th a reckless fury, and would ultimately tend to bring us back
to sober reflection, steady pursuits, and the confirmed posses-
sion of an ample prosperity, and
Whereas, this General Assembly do believe, that the public
domain of i he United Stab s should not be treated by the General
Government as a mere source for the acquisition of money to
the public Treasury, but by reducing the price to reasonable
and moderate rates should rather be regarded as the great and
extensive means of encouragement to the augmentation of our
populatisn, and the reward of the laborer and the husband-
man, (by the grant of pre-emption rights) whom times of peril
will be a powerful bulwark to the iiontier, and the right arm of
safety and defence against the hostile invasion of a foreignfoe:
and
Whereas, the liberty of speech and the freedom of the press
are considered as invaded directly, or by implicalton, in tha
provisions of a bit which was brought before the Senate of
the United States at the last session of Congress, entitled "a bill
to prevent the interference of certain Federal officers in elec-
tions " and
Whereas, the people of the United States have long paid a
tribute of millions to the monopolists of salt, under the tax
which has been imposed upon the foreign importations of that
necessary article, whereby the quantity which would otherwise
have been introduced into the United Sates has been dimi-
nished, and the price to the consumer increased: and
Whereas, reviewing the history of our Government for tha
last ten years, a period which will be remarkable through all
future time, and looking around upon theeventsnow being-daily
developed, this General Assemby have reason to congratulate
the counny that its destinies were cast at the approach of the
great and ti y< «-events which have, within that period, rapidly
succeeded tacho her, in the handsofuur venerable an I patriotic
lellow-citi en Audi a v Jackson: and, whereas, his policy besan
the retwraioi of that sj stem which was hailed ¡  1600, as the
estab ishmi n -of round principles, and was steadily pursued by
him and tr emitted with the impress of his character to the
hands of h s distinguished successor and, whereas, the firm
andpatiertw.5domofih pr3fem Chief Magistrate, parsuin*
