CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
The preliminary question, shall the mam question be now
pull was also taker, an J earned; when,
The yeas and na>s baring been called for by several mem-
bers, they were accordingly ordered, and the main question
being takes on agreeing to Mr CAMPBELL'S resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, That all papers or other testimony in possession
of or within the control of this House, in relation to the late
election in New Jersey for Representatives in the 26th Con-
press of the Untied States, be refeired to the Committee of
Elections, with instructions to inquire and report who arem-
titled to occupy, as members of this House, the five conttsted
seats from that State
Besotted, That a copy of this resolution be served on John
B Atchioo, John P B Maxwell, William IIalsted, Chas.
C. Stratton, Thomas Jones Yorke, Peter D. Vroom, Phile-
mon Dickkrson, William R. Cooper, Daniel B. Ryaix,
and Joseph Kills, all citizens of New Jersey, claiming to be
Representatives from that State in this Congress, and that the
service be made upon each gentleman personally, or by leaving
a copy at his usual residence, and that said committee be autho-
rised to send for persons and papers:
It was decided by yeas and nays, as follows—yeas 176,
nays 16, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, Judson Allen, John W.
Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Simeon H. Anderson, Andrews,
Aiherton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Biddle, Black, Bond, Boyd,
Brewster, Bnggs, Brockway, Aaron V Brown, Albert G.
Brown, Anson Brown, Burke, Sampson II. Butler, William
O Butler, Bynum, Calhoun, John Campbell, Wm. B. Camp-
bell, Carr, Carroll,Carter, Casey, Chapman, Chinn, Chittenden,
Clark, Clifford, Coles, James Cooper, Corwin, Crabb, Craig,
Cranston, Crary, Crockett, Cross, Cushing, Dana, Davee, Ed-
ward Da vies, John Davis, John W. Davis, Garret Davis,
Deberry, Dillett, Doig, Dromgoole, Earl, Eastman, Edwards,
Ely, Fillmore, Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornaoce, James
Garland, Gentry, Gerry, Goggin, Goode, Graham, Graneer,
Graves, Griffin, Grinnell, Habersham, Hammond, Hand, Wm.
S Hastings, John Hastings, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hill of
North Carolina, Hillen, Holleman, Holmes, Hook, Hopkins,
Howard, Hubbard, Hunt, Jackson, Jameson, Charles John-
ston, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John
W Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kempshall, Lawrence, Leadbetier,
Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lincoln, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, Mc-
Culloh, McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Marvin, Medill, Monroe,
Montanya, Montgomery, Morgan, Calvary Morris, Naylor,
Newhard, Nisbet, Ogle, Osborne, Palen, Parish, Parmenter,
Parns, Paynter, Peck, Petrikm, Pickens, Pope, Prentiss,
Ramsey, Randolph, Rariden, R*ed, Reynolds, Ridgway, Rive=,
Edward Rogers, James Rogers, Samuel*, Shaw, Simonton,
Slade, Albert Smilh, John Smith, Truman Smith, Thomas
Smith, Starkweather, Steemod, Strong, Stuart, Sumter,
Swearingen, Sweeny, Taylor, Philip F. Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, Tillinghast, Toland, Tnplett, Trumbull, Vanderpoel, David
D.   Wagener, Peter J Warner, Watterson, Weller, John
White, Wicfc Jared W. Williams, Thomas W. Williams,
Joseph L. Williams,  Sherrod  Williams, and Worthington
NAYS—Messrs Barnard, Mark A Cooper, Curtis, Everett,
Rice Garland, William Cost Johnson, Profüti Rayner. Russell,
Saltonstall, Stanly, Storrs, Underwood, Edward D. White,
Lewis Williams, and Christopher H. Williams—16
So the resolution was adopted, and the whole subject of the
Hew Jersey election, with all the papers relating thereto, re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections
Mr. DAVIS moved that the House now, in pursuance of the
joint resolution of the Senate, proceed to the election of a Chap-
lain; and
Mr. CUSHING rose to a point of-order, and contended that
petitions had precedence over this motion No opportunity had
been offered smre the commencement of the session for pre-
senting petitions, of which he had several in his drawer.
  By Mr. JARED W. WILLIAMS: The petition of H. Ste-
Tens and others, for the revisal of the law for protecting the re-
venue against frauds. Referred to the Committee on Manu-
ffures.
Also, the petition of Sally Stanley, for a pension. Referred
to theComraittee on Revolu'ionary Pensions
On motion of Mr HENRY, of Pennsylvania: The petitions
from Beaver county, Pennsylvania, praying for the establish
mentofa national armory at the falls of Sever river, in said
county, and also a resolution of the Legislature ol Pennsylva-
nia on the same subject, were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, under a rule of the House.
By Mr. PETRIKIN: The petition and documente of Benja-
min F. Wertly and Jacob Bortón, were referred to the appro-
priate committee, under resolution of the 4th January
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, presented during the last week the
claim of the heirs of Col. Francis Vigo, and the claim of James
B McCutcheon, both of Indiana, which were severally refeired
the appropriate committees, under the general resolution upon
the subject offered by Mr. Williams, of Kentucky.
JC Mr. RAMSEY rose and asked leave to present a petition
from sundry citizens of Pennsylvania, affirming that their rights
have been violated by an individual's taking his seat in this
House as their Representative, who was not elected by them;
and asking an investigation of the frauds committed.
Mr R. contended that the petition was a privileged question,
relating to the organization of the House, and therefore had
precedence over all other business.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked leave to present a similar petition,
contending that it not only had precedence over all other busi-
ness, but over all other petitions
A desultory conversation then ensued in relation to the point
of order involved, in which Messrs RAMSEY, DAVH, of In-
diana, PETRIKiN, TOLAND, JAMESON, took part; when
Mr RAMSEY insisting that his was a privileged motion, and
asking the Chair to state his decision on it,
The CHAIR required Mi R to state thesubstance of the pe-
tition, in order that he might decide whether it was a privileged
motion or not
Mr. RAMSEY said the petition was from the voters of the
Third Congressional District of Pennsylvania, complaining
that an individual [Charles Naylor] had taken his seat in
this House as their R presen'ative who was not entitled to it,
and th" petitioners asked the Hou=e to investigate the frauds
that had been committed, by which this individual obtained his
seat Mr. R said he claimed the right to present this petition,
ar rei*tm<!t0 th* organization of the House, which ought to be
6^       st business before it
n        C H AIR decided that the petition was not of that chante.
entitle il to precedence over other petitions,
Mr RAMSEY appealed from the decision of the Chub; but
subsequently withdrew his appeal at the request of several of
hM friends, and moved a suspension of the rules lor the purpose
of referring the petition to the Committee of Elections. After
the settlement and reference of the New Jersey case this
morning, he hoped no gentleman would object to his motion
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested to the House that there should
be no objection to receiving and referring this petition, and he
hoped it wonld be done by general consent.
Mr VANDERPOEL asked if the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania meant that all petitions were to have preference, or did
he mean that this particular petition was a privileged ques-
tion?
Mr. RAMSEY said he referred to the petition only that he
now proposed to present; and if any gentleman objected he
would call for the yeas and nays.
Mr GIDDINGS said there were objections; when
The yeas and nays were then ordered, and the question taken
and decided in the negative, yeas 118, nays 77, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Judson Allen, Hugh J Anderson,
Atherton, Banks, Beatty, Beime,Biddle, Blackwell, Botts, Boyd,
Brewster, Bnggs, Aaron V. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke,
William O Butler, John Campbell, Carr, Carroll, Chapman,
Clifford, Mark A. Cooper, Corwin, Crabb, Craig, Crockett,
Cross, Cushing, Dana, Davee, John Davis, Doan, Doig, Drom-
goole, Duncan! Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd,
Fornance, James Garland, Gerry, Goggin, Goode, Graham,
Habersham, Hammond, Hand, John Hastings, John Hill, of
Va. John Hill, N. C. Holleman, Hook, Hopkins, Howard,
Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, William Cost
Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones,
Keim, Kemble, Leailhetter, Leonard, Lewis, Lincoln, Lowell,
Lucas, McClellan, McCulloh, McKay, Marchand, Medill,
Montanya, Naylor, Newhard, Parish, Parmenter, Pains,Payn-
ter, Petnkin, Pope, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rives,
Edward Rogers, James Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Albert Smith,
John Smith, Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, Swear
ingen, Sweeny, Taliaferro, Taylor, Philip F Tilomas, Jacob
Thompson, Toland, Turney, Underwood, Vanderpoel, David
D Wagener, Wauerson, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams,
and Worthington—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, John W. Alien, Simeon H. Atider
son, AnJrews, Barnard, Bond, Brockway, Anson Brown
Calhoun, William B Campbell, Carter, Chinn, Chittenden,
Clark, Coles, James Cooper, Cranston, Curtis, Davies, John W-
Davis, Gairet Davis, Deberry, Dillett, Edwards, Evans, Fill-
more, Rice Garland Gates, Gentry, Giddmgs, Grander, Graves,
Green, Grinnell, William S. Hastings, Henry, Hoffman, Hunt,
James, Charles Johnston, Kempshall, Lawrence, Mallery,
Marvin, Mitchell, Morgan, Calvary Morn«, 0 le, Osborne
Palen, Peck, Proffit, Randall, Randolph Rariden, Rayner,
Reed, Ridgway, Russell, SaltonstaH, Simonton, Slade, Truman
Smith, fetanlv, Storrs, Stuart, Tillinghast, Tnplett. Trumbull,
Peter J Wagner, Warren, Edward D White, John White,
Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams, and Christopher. H.
Williams—77.
So the motion to suspend was lost, there not being two-thirds
in the affirmative.
Petitions and memorials were called for in (he order of the
States and Territories, and were presented by Messrs EVANS,
R\NDALL, ANDERSON, DAVEE, LOWELL, CLD7FORD,
and SMITH, of Maine
[Mr. Smith offered a petition from citizens of Pennsylvania,
in relation to the right of Mr. Naylor to his seat. Mr. Lewis
Williams submitted that it was not in order for a member
from one State to present petitions put into his hands by a
member from another State, with a view to secure precedence.
Some desultory conversation followed ; and the Speaker
having finally decided that the rule laid down by Mr. Williams
was correct, the petition was not presented ]
Petitions and memorials were further presented by Messrs.
JARED W. WILLIAMS, ATHERTON, and EASTMAN, of
New Hampshire.
By Mr LAWRENCE, of Massachusetts.
Mr L presented a petition in relation to certain frauds
on the reí enue, and moved its reference to the Committee on
Manufactures.
Mr. ADAMS moved its reference to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Some debate followed, when Mr. BOYD raised the question
of order, that the petition, giving rise to debate, must, under the
rule, lie over one day.
The SPEAKER decided accordingly, and the petition was
ordered to lie over.
Mr. LINCOLN also presented sundry petitions praying for
the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the District of
Columbio, and in the Territories of the United States.
Mr DROMGOOLE rose and demanded that the parliamen-
tary law be complied with, and that the question should be
taken on the reception of the petition.
[Mr Lincoln's voice was lost here amidst much confusion.]
Mr. D. read from the parliamentary law the following pas-
sage-
"Regularly a motion for receiving it [a petition] must be
made and seconded, and the question put whether it shall be re-
ceived But a cry from the House of 'received,' or even its si-
lence, dispenses with the formality of this question. It is then
to be read at the table, and disposed of "
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the question of recep
Uon on the table.
Mr. LINCOLN said he wished it to be distinctly understood
that he made no motion for the reception of the petitions. He
took the ground that, under the Constitution of the United States,
the people I ad a riffht to send their petitions to the House, and
that the House was bound to receive and hear them.
Mr. ADAMS submitted to the Chair that his colleague [Mr.
Lincoln) bid made no motion for the reception The gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr Dromooole] had otnected to the recep-
tion, and then the motion was made to lay on the table—what?
The qui stiin of reception?   No; the obieclion.
The SPEAKER said that, under the Parliamentary law, the
question of reception roust be raised, whenever the reception
ofa petiuon was objected to; and it was the question of recep
ti m which the gentleman from Tennessee had moved to lay on
the table.
Mr AD4.MS I deny that there has been any motion to re-
ceive the petition.
The SPEAKER read the parhamentaiy law quoted by Mr
Dromgoole and said that the question before the House was on
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. ADAMS repeated his denial that any motion had been
made to receive the petition,
The SPEAKER replied, that in that case, the petition was
not before the House, but remained in the gentleman's posses-
sion The f.ict that a gentleman presented a petition, was of
itself, a motion that the House receive it.
Some conversation followed, and Mr PETRIKIN called for
the yeas and nays on the motion to lay the question of recep.
Hon on the table; which were ordered
Mr LINCOLN rose and said he wished the House distinctly
to understand that he had made no motion for reception. He
had offered the petitions to the House, and the House must dis-
pose of them as it thought fit If the petitions were not in the
possession of the House, let the House, if it saw fit, decide not
to receive them.
The SPEAKER said, if the gentleman withdrew the peti-
tions, the motion to receive was not before the Houes. But if
the gentleman presented the petitions, the question of recep-
tion, from that very fact, was raised.
Some further general conversation ensued, when
Mr. BARNARD inquired of the Chair who had made the
motion fur reception?
The SPEAKER said the motion was made by the very fact
of offering the petitions.
Mr. BARNARD appealed from the decision of the Chair,
and seeconded the motion in a few buef remarks.
A desultory debate ensued, in which Messrs. STANLY,
ALFORD, HABERSHAM, LINCOLN, DROMGOOLE,
TRIPLETT, COOPER, of Ga VANDERPOEL, took part; af
ter which,
Mr. VANDERPOEL called for the previous question; and
the call havme been seconded by the House,
Mr TURNEY called for the yeas and nays, which were or
dered.
In reply to a request of Mr. ADAMS, that the precise ques-
tion on which the appeal was taken might be entered on the
journal,
The SPEAKER stated the question as follows:
"The Chair decided that the presentation of the petition by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Lincoln,] ipse facto,
raised the question 'Shall it be received?' although the gentle-
man from Massachusetts stated in his place that he did not
make such amotion."
And the question on Mr. Barnard's appeal from the above
decision was then taken and decided in the affirmative—yeas
145, nays 50, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Alford, J Allen, J. W. Allen, H. J Andersen,
Simeon H. Anderson, Andrews, Atherton, Banks, Beatty,
Beirne, Bell, Biddle, Black, Blackwell, Botts, Boyd, Brewster,
Aaron V Brown, Albert G Brown, Burke, Sampson H Butler,
William O. Butler, Bynum, William B Campbell, Carr, Car
rol, Carter, Casev, Chapman, Chinn, Clark, Clifford, Coles,
Co'quitt, Crabb, Craig, Crockett, Dana, John Davis, John W.
Davis, Dawson. Deberry, Dillett, Doan, Doig. Dromgooel,
Earl, Eastman, Fisher, Floyd, Fornance, James Garland, Rice
Garland, Gentry, Gerry, Giddings, Goggin, Graham, Graves,
Green, Griffin, Habersham, Hammond. Hand, John Hastings,
Hill of Virginia, Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, nolleman,
Hook, Howard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, William
Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones,
Keim, Kemble, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell,
Lucas, McClellan, McKay, Marchand, Medill, Montanya,
Newhard, Nisbet, Palen, Parish, Parmenter, Parris, Paynter,
Petnkin, Pickens, Pope, Proffit, Ramsey, Rayner, Reynolds,
Ridgway, Rives, Edward Rogers, James Rogers, Samuels,
Shaw, Shepard, Simonton, Slade, Albert Smith, Thomas
Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Stuart, Sumter,
Swearingen, Sweeny, Taliaferro, Taylor, Philip F. Thomas,
Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tnplett, Turney, Under-
wood, Vanderpoel, David D Wagener, Wairen, Watterson,
Weller, Edward D. White, John White, Wick, Jared W Wil
hams, Lewis Williams. Joseph L. Williams, Christopher H.
Williams, Sherrod Williams, and Worthington—145.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ba> nard, Briggs, Brockway, Anson
Brown, Calhoun, Chittenden, James Cooper, Mark A. Cooper,
Corwin, Cranston, Curtis, Cushing, Davee, Edwaid Davies,
Edwards, Ely, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Fletcher, Gates,
Granger, Grinnell, Wm. S Hastings, Henry, Hoffman, Hunt,
James, C Johnston, Kempshall, Lawrence, Lincoln, Marvin,
Mitchell, Morgan, Ogle, Osborne, Randall, Randolph, Rariden,
Reed, Russell, Saltonsull, Truman Smith, Storrs, Tillinghast,
Toland, Trumbull, Peter J. Wagner, and Thomas W. Wil-
liams—50
So the decision of the Speaker was sustained by the House.
When the name of Mr. Cooper, of Georgia, was called, he
rose, and asked the Chair what would be the effect if his deci-
sion be sustained with reference to the disposition of the Aboli-
tion petitions According to his understanding of it new, he
would be compelled to vote against sustaining the Speaker,
and hoped he would be enlightened before he gave his vote.
Objeclion was, however, made to any remarks whilst the
vote was being taken
The question was then taken on Mr. Cave Johnson's motion
to lay the question of reception on the table, and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 131, nays 68, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alford, Judson Allen, nugh J Anderson,
Simeon H Anderson, Andrews, Atherton, Banks, Beatty,
Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Botts, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V.
Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, Sampson H. Butler, William
O Butler, Bynum, lohn Campbell, Carroll, Carter, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Co'es, Colquitt, Mark A. Cooper, Crabb,
Craig, Ciary, Crockett, Dana, John Davis, Garret Davis,
Dawson, Dtherry, Dillett, Doig, Dromgoole, Earl, Eastman,
Fisher, Floyd, Fornance, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gentry,
Gerry, Gogs in, Graham, Graves, Green, Griffin, Habersham,
Hammond, ILmd, John Hastings, Hillof Virginia, Hillof N. C.
Hillen, Holleman, Hnlnif s, Hook, Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard,
Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, William Cost Johnson,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jom s, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble,
Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, McClellan,
McCulloh, McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Medill, Montanya,
Montgomery, Newhaid, Nisbet, Parish, Parris, Paynter,
Petnkin, Pickens, Pope, Prentiss, Prcffit, Ramsey, Rayner,
Reynold- , Rues, James Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard,
Albert Srñtih, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Stronff,
«¡tuatt, Sumter, Swearingen, Sweeny, Tal>^o, T^y^r,
Philip F. Thomas, Waddy Thompson, Jacob 1*°™,™"'
Tnplett, Turney, Vanderpoel, Wagener Warren Watterson,
We lei, Edward'D White, John White, W ^•¿•'™ J?;
Williams, Lewis Williams, Chn«topher H Williams, Shermf
Williams, and Worthington—131.                Barnard  Biddle
NAYS— Messrs Adams, John W. Allen, Barnani, tuatue,
Bnjs ,   Brockway,  Anson   Brown,   Calhoun,  Ch.ttenden,
