122
CONGRESSIONAL GtOBfc.
right to enter 600,000 acres of the public land at the minimum
price to aid the company to construct said road when it shall
be located- which was referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.                                              ...                 . ,
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, presented a joint memorial and re-
solutions from the Legislature of that Slate, requesting the
ijtiblishmentofanew land district, to embrace the territory
lately acquired from the Cherokee tribe of Indians, within the
Stale oí Alabama; and also to reduce the minimum price of the
public lands; which was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr LINN presented the memorial of a number of the mem-
bers of the bar, in the State of Missouri, praying an extension
of the jurisdiction of the district court of the United States
holden at the city of St. Louis; and an increase ot the salary of
the district judge of the United States for the t'letrict ot Missou-
ri; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. L. also presented a memorial of a number of citizens of
Missouri, praying a donation ol land to settlers in the Oregon
Territory; which was referred to the Select Committee on the
Oregon Territory.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD,
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of allowing Tyler Shepherd of Ver-
mont a pension, under the act of June 7, 1833.
On motion by Mr. PIERCE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of making compensation to General
Duncan L. Clinch, for losses sustained by him in Florida by In-
dian depredations.
Mr. NICHOLAS offered the following resolution; which, by
unanimous consent, was considered, andaireed to:
Resolved. That ihe Secretary of War bedirected to commu-
nicate to the Senate a copy of the survey recently made of the
mouths of the Mississippi and adjacent coast.
Mr. WILLIAMS rose and said :
Mr. President : A portion of the State which I have the
honor in part to represent, a part of these United States, lias
been invaded, and at this moment is occupied by British troops.
By the late message of the Governor to the Legislature of
the State of Maine, now in session, we learn not only the fact
of invasion, but also that the Governor of that State has com-
municated it to the President, and officially called for that ac-
tion on the part of the General Government which the case
requires, and the Constitution and laws of the land enjoin.
What that action will be is unknown tome, but I trust that it
will be such as the honor of the nation demands.
I desire to know, and that the Senate an<l the country may
know, all that relates to these portentous movements; and in
order that we may have the information in an official form, I
offer the following resolution?, and hope that they may be con-
sidered and adopted at this time:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate
to the Senate all the corresponcjncc which has been had be-
tween this and the British Government upon the sub 3Ct of the
Northeastern boundary, and of the jurisdiction ol iho disputed
territoiy, which has not been communicated heretofore; or so
much of it as, in his opinion, may be communicated without
prejudice to the pending negotiation.
Resolved, That the President be further requested to com-
municate to the Senate all the correspondence which has been
had, since the last eession of Congress, with the Government of
the State of Maine, and with the Minister of Her Britannic Ma
jesiy at Washington, relative to the invasion ol the State of
Mime, and to the exercise of jurisdiction within the disputed
territory by either party.
Mr. BUCIIANAN said he had no objection whatever to the
passage of the resolution; but, as it related to a matter of great
importance, he hoped the Senator from Maine would permit it
t > lay over until to-morrow.
Mr. WILLIAMS acceding, the resolution was iaid over until
to-morrow.
The resolutions submitted yesterday by Messrs. FULTON
and WHITE, were severally considered and agreed to.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on- ihe Post Office and
Post Roads, to which had been referied the bill for the re-
lief of the heirs of Colin Bishop, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Roads and Canals, to
which had been referred the bill making appropriations for the
completion of certain mads commenced by the United States
in the State of Michigan, reported the same without amend-
ment.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, the^bill to refund ths money paid,
and to cancel the bonds given to secure duties upon vessels
and their cargoes employed in the whale fisheiy was taken up,
and after some remarks by Mr. D. it was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
A bill for the relief of John McCarty; and
A bill for the relief of A G. S. Wight, were severally con-
sidered, and ordered to be engrossed.
The bill for the relief of certain persons therein named, was
was taken up, but pending the consideration ihereof, the .Se-
nate passed to
THE SPECIAL ORDER.
The bill to provide for the collection, safe keeping, transfer,
and disbursment of the public money.
The question was on the amendment submitted yesterday
by Mr. BUCHANAN, that the salaries of the Treasurer of ihe
Mint in Philadelphia, and the Treasurer of the Branch Mint at
New Orleans, who, by the provisions of this bill, were made
receivers, in addition to their former duties, should be ma !e
equal in amount wilh the other receivers, 82,500 pe>- annum.
Mr. GRUNDY then offered as a substitute lor the above, a
proposition to increase the salary of the Treasurer of the Mint
at Philadelphia five hundred dollars in addition to his present
salary, and the Treasurer of the Branch Mint at New Orleans
dollars in addition to his present salary, as a com-
pensation for the additional duties enjoined by this bill.
Mr. BUCHANAN acccped the modification.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the blank in the amendmenthe filled
With $26W; which was not a«reed to—ayes 12. noes 27.
Mr. ALLEN then moved to fill the blank wiih Sl,00(), (mak-
ing his compensation $3,000;) which was agreed to—aves Z>,
noes 13.
The amendment as amended was th-?n acrced to
Mr. SEVIER then moved a reconsideration of the vote giving
the receiver at New York a compensation of $4,000
The question was taken on reconsideration, and decided in
the negative—ayes 20, noes21.
On motion of Mr, ALLEN, the Senate then informally pas?ed
the bill, and proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; after which it
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January, 15, 1S40.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of S. C. chairman of the Committee of
Elections, by unanimous consent, moved a resolution that the
said committee be empowered to employ a clerk.
Mr. STANLY inquired if it had been usual to grant to this
committee a clerk.
Mr. CAMPBELL did not wish to detain the House by any re-
marks; but it was obvious that the labors of that committee had
been much increased, and—[cries of " agreed, agreed."]
CHAIK. By general consent, the resolution is received.
Mr. LEADBETTÜR wished to know, before voting for the
resolution, what would be the compensation. It appeared by
some of the printed documents, that the clerk to the Committee
of Ways and Means had heretofore received more cimpensa-
lion per diem than the members the i.seves, which he thought
exorbitant and improper.
Mr. CAMPBELL understood that it had been usual for clerks
to committees to receive four dollars per day, and he would so
amend the resolution that the compensation should not exceed
that sum per day.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS moved an amendment; "and that the
clerk receive pay during the time he be employed;" which
was understood to be accepted by the mover.
Mr. REYNOLDS called for the yeas and nays, as he be-
lived there was no necessity for these clerks to committees.
Mr. CAMPBELL would not detain the House by a statement
at that time; but if the committee were not allowed to employ
a clerk, its labors woud be very great indeed.
Mr. SMITH, of Maine, thought that it was extremely desira-
ble that the House should be put in possession of information
relating to the different cases before that committee at as early a
day as practicable. We know that cases referred to that com-
mittee embraced numerous depositions, which would make its
labors arduous in an extreme degree, to put in such form as
would be proper to report for the information of the House;
and it seemed to him that the public required, and that the peo-
ple of New Jersey required, as early a report as possible on
the disputed seats ol the Representatives from the State of
New Jersey. He thought, unless gentlemen wanted that report
delayed until the end of the session, they should vote far this
resolution.   He sincerely hoped it would pass.
Mr. DOIG, to put a stop to unnecessaiy debate, moved the
previous question ; which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion was ordered, which was on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. REYNOLDS renowed his motion for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the resolution, and it was
adopted.
Mr. RARIDEN, on his motion, was excused from serving on
the committee on expenditures in the Department of War.
Mr. HOFFMAN called for the order of the day ; when
The SPEAKER announced that the first business in order
was the unfinished report of the Committee on the Rules.
Mr. HOFFMAN said, before proceeding to the consideration
of the last resolution, he wished to submit an amendment to the
rules, to admit within the hall the United States District Attor-
ney for the Dstrict of Columbia.
TheSPEAKER was of opinion that no amendment could be
oflered until the amendments reported by the committee should
be first di.-posed of, and that the motion of the gentleman from
New York cou'd not now be received.
Mr. ADAMS wished to know if that amendment was within
the province nf ihe committee.
The SPEAKER said he had already decided that the amend-
iremcould no' be received- -the question before the House be-
ing on the resolution reported by thccommittee to remove the
stats from before the desks of the members, after the present
session.
Mr. HOFFMAN said the committee on this resolution was
unanimous. It had been proposed bv one member, and agreed
to by all the rest. Perhaps it might'not be within the compe-
tency of the committee to report it, but it seemed to him to be
within the objects for which it was constituted. They sup-
posed it was within the province of the committee to brins in
such rules and orders as would facilitate the transaction of
public business, and prevent disorder, which too often occurred
there. He considered that one of the best means to effect that
object, would be to lake away Ihe desks before the seats of
members. The committee thought that the members were too
comfortable there to do the business of tin ir constituents. We
cannot Confine the gentlemen who wished to speak to one
hour, as was proposed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Clark.) on yesterday, and they had set up no hour glass,
nor had they the water glass of more ancient times, by which to
measure the speeches of the members. He thought it better to
make the seats of members as uncomfortable as possible, and
they would the s.ioner rid themselves of the tediousness of
debate, by vacating them. Asitwa^now, the speaker might
look round to see it members were not tired of so long debate
and he found almost as many members in their places at the
conclusion, as he did at ihe commencement. Remove the
desks, and adopt benches, and the countenances of members
would soon indicate to the speaker that it was time for him to
stop.
Mr. II. referred to the mode in the" House of Comimns,
where they have benches, as a precedent to govern the House
of Representatives. In that body, he said, where there were
six or se-en hundred members, (hey did not occupy near as
much time as they did in lhat House, which he attributed
solely to the uncomfortable mannenn the arrangement of seats.
He thought it much better to compel members to write all their
letters and resolutions at home, and come there with their
propositions and business cut and dried ready for the action
of the House. On a score of economy, ho thought it best to
remove the desk?; that it would expedite the public business
more than any other rule which could be adopted.
Mr. BANKS di 1 not rise to make a speech on Ihe question
before the House. lie happened ni l tobe pverent at the session of
the committee when this particular proposition was agreed to-
but had he been present, he should have opposed it there as he
would here. He concurred with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, that this proposition was not within ihe province of the
committee. It did not go to amend the rules, nor did it make a
new one But what was the intended effect of ihe proposition 7
The gentleman from New Vork said lhat it would force mem.
bers to be less prolix in their speeches, by removing the con
veniences which enabled the listeners to prevent ennui and wea-
riness during the delivery of a long speech.
But what are gentlemen to do when they want to
write amendments to bills pending before the House,
erhow are they to keep themselves informed of the detail of
public business when they have no means of keeping and re-
ferring to ihe documents printed for their use? Wou.d the gen-
tleman have the members of this House rushing to the.
Clerk's table every time they wanted to write an amend-
ment or refer to a document? Did ha not see the con-
fusion and disorder that would thereby ensue 1 But the
gentleman introduced the practice in the British PaiUament,
which he highly extolled and recommended for our adop-
tion. I am, sir, American in a 1 my feelings, and do not want
to go to the British Parliament for an example. Our practice
in this respect has been tried lora number of years, and has
been highly beneficial. It was a remarkable fact, that the plan
now proposed by the gen'leman, was tried for a long time in
the Virginia Legislature; but finding the inconvenience and dis-
order resulting from the members having no place to write
their amendments, that body caused their Hall to be furnished
with desks. Mr. B. hoped the resolution would not be adopted,
and moved the previous question on it.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS said, if it was in order he would
move to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. HOLMES said, the Chair had decided that it was not in
order to introduce it into the rules, as it did not come under the
rules of the House, or within the province u the Committee on
the Rules. If such was his decision, amotion to lie on the table
was not necessary.
The CHAIR said that was not the motion hedecided to be
out of order.
Mr. ADAMS said he made the objection, because it was not in
order for the committee to introduce the resolution, and under-
stood the Speaker to decide that it was not in order.
The SPEAKER said he did not decide upon that point; but
hedecided that the motion of the gontlem m from New York
[Mr. Hoffman] to ad-nit the district attorney into the Mall was
not in order at the time he made it. As tin; gentleman, haw-
ever, made the objection, the Chair decided that the resolution
was in order.
Mr. BANKS had 'no doubt that the deci-iin was correct; for
the Chair decided on questions of order and not consistency.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS said as the Chair decides that the
resolution was in order, he would inquire w hether it is in order
to move to lay it on the table.
The CHAIR was of opinion that, as the resolution was a se-
parate proposition, it was in order to move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS then moved to lay on the table that par-
ticular resolution.
The question was then taken on laying it on the table, and
decided in the affirmative—ayes 119, nays £i
Mr. COLES said he believed it.was now in order for him to
move an amendment to the 54th and 55th rules; and he would
therefore submit the following, which he hoped would receive
the favorable consideration of (jfe House.
"All petiiions, memi rials, ajril papers touching the abolition
of slavery, or the buy ng, selling, or transferring of slaves in
any State. District, oryerrityVy ¿f the Um:ed States, shall, up-
on their presentation, Ije
printed, read, or refer;
be had thereon.
Mr. ADAMS said
for the motion of the
The SPEAKER w
in order to submit
amendments to the
'on the table, w: t hout being debated,
no further action whatever snail
a substitute which he would offer
nan from Virginia.            '
inform the gentlemen that it was not
ir motions, because ihere were other
proposed by a member of the com-
mittee, [Mr. Banks,] with its approbation.
Mr. BANKS observed that he would waive the consideration
of his amendments for the present. He was not anxious about
them, though he would like to have some of them considered
at a more favorable opportunity.
The SPEAKER said, that being the case, the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Coles] had the floor, and it would be in order
then for him to offer his amendment.
Mr. Coles's resolution was then read; after which,
Mr. COLES proceeded to address the House in its support.
He observed that a resolution, substantially the same, had re-
ceived the favor of the House at each of the four last sessions of
Congress, and he should think, from the service it had perform-
ed, it ought to be entitled to a kind reception. That lesolution,
he said, was almost a literal copy of the one passed at the se-
cond session of the Twenty-fourth Congress, and familiarly
known as Mr. Patton's resolution. There was no material dif-
ference between the two. He would not detain the
House by saying any thing more on [the subject, but
as he had some weeks ago proposed to the House a measure of
a similar character, which was not then received, a brief ex-
planation would be necessary. It was known to the House
that the subject o( Abolition petitions had created much dis-
turbance here, as well as throughout the country. It was be-
lieved that there had not been a dozen members here who would
have voted to grant the prayers ofthe¿e pennons. But day after
day, week aft r week, and month alter month, the subject
involved in them had been debated on tha1 floor, not only ob
struetingthebus'nessofthe House, and denying justice to other
petitioners, but creating excitement, jealousies, and heart-
burnings throughout the country. Surely, sir, we can
prevent the mischiefs that these petitions are calculated to
produce.
If we cannot prevent them from comins inlo the nmise we
can at least get over the difficulties in wh ch the conflicting
views of members with regard to them have occasioned   Some
gentlemen t hmk that they should be received, while others think
they should not; some think that they should be received and
rejected; some think that they should be received and laid
on the table; and some think that they should be referred
to a committee, with instructions to consider and report on
them. Then there were other gentlemen who were of opinion
that the petitions should be heard at the bar of the Houre
Amongst these conflicting opinion , gentlemen had been able to
uni e, at (he session of Congress he before referred to, on a mea-
sure somewhat similar to the one he now prt sented; and he (here-
fore, having been admonished by the experience of several
«ffvp°?n'nf,d th°"Sht ,hf'  >y. bringing it forward, it would
ZlrliJZLr^ l° ",e a?ita'in' «lu^ions which would
ff™^fhí i hAe]y ° 0cci,py a f0D*i'l«able portion of the
n.eLn,lf ^ " *!* manl«*« «hat such measure was
necewnry to ihe peace of the House.   Mr, C, was not disposed
