134         ^__         _________
in the debates; all that could be said, had been
said by its friends; bat when the question should
come properly before the House, the laws of na-
ture, of God, the Declaration of Independence of
Ihe thirteen original States, would be the ground
the friends of freedom would take in that House to
defend.
Mr. COOPER, of Georgia, said, as one or those
who hod spoken on the subject, be would correct
the gentleman in one particular. The gentleman
asserted that all that could be said had been said in
defence of slavery. He, for one, had not entered
at all into the discussion of the subject of slavery,
but the constitutional right of property alone.
Mr. ADAMS again proceeded, by saying that
the proposition before the House was a small way
of getting rid of the question, by making a motion
to receive the petition, and then laying that motion
on the table. It was unbecoming the general cha-
racter of the mover3, and resembled more the cha-
racter of the wooden nutmeg of the Yankee trader.
He knew the proposition must have sprung from
some other quarter, as those gentlemen who offered
them, he was confident, were in favor of the rejection
of the petitions. This was one whxh would leave
the question unsettled. He hoped this proposition of
hanging up did not come from the Yankee land. It
was impossible to know by this process whether
that which the petitioners complained of was a
grievance or not, though it was just and reasonable
that this inquiry should be first made before dis-
posing of petitions. It was essential to the ex-
istence of the Government
Mr. A. said the right of petition would have ex-
isted as much without that article of the Constitution,
which secares to the people the right to assemble
and petition Congress as if it had not bean placed
there. It was inserted there at the instance of Vir -
ginia, to prevent its abridgement by Congress; it
was a prohibition against its abridgment; it
was inextricably interwoven with Congress. The
greatest despot on the earth was bound to receive
petitions from the meanest of his subjects; it was a
right which was founded on the important nature
of man, and be was exceedingly sorry to see any
thing that would abridge it. This resolution, and
all those moved by Southern gentlemen,whether in-
tended or not, had that effect. Congress could not
specify one class of petition , and i ay it would not
receive them, wi'hout its effect extending to all
classes; and hence the great danger of adopting the
rules proposed.
Parliamentary precedents had been referred to
as a justification by this House for the rejection of
Abolition petitions. He knew of only two prece-
dents of the Briiish Parliament; and these were,
that that body had undertaken to reject petitions
against high taxes. The petition against the stamp
act had been rejected by the application of the
very principles contended for on that floor. These
are the precedents which can be adduced to prove
that Congress has a right to reject petitions. He
thought Parliament bad much stronger authority
for rejecting those petitions than that House had
for these proposed.
Mr. A. then examined the constitutional right
to assemble and petition Congress for redress of
grievances, which, he said, (notwithstanding they
had the right to refuse to irceive those which were
offensive in their character and insulting to that
body,) lefi no discretion to reject; if it did, its re-
ception would ultimately depend upon whether the
petitioners belonged to the party of the majority
or minority in that House.
Mr. A. said he would not thank any gentleman
to vote for the reception of a petition, without
agreeing to consider it, for with him the right of
petition consisted in its reception and consideration.
To receive, and hear, aad consider, when presented
decently, and containing no matter offensive to the
House, was what that right consisted in.
He then read an article in suppoit of the above
opinion, showing that this constituted the right in
the British House of Commons.
He thought the House of Representatives of a
great nation  ought to deal   more candtdly and
openly with this matter—that lo act in the manner
proposed was unworthy of this mighty nation.
Mr. A. here adverted fo the «ontroversy going |
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-±-------------        *~                      ■   ■                        ■ —
IN SENATE,
Thursday, Jannary 23,1840.
The CHAIR submitted a message from the Pre-
sident of the United States, in compliance with the
resolution of the Senate of the 17th inst. a portion   I
of which was read, as follows:
Department op State,
Washington, November 6,1839.
Sir: The British Minister, in a note addrea ed on   ,
the 3d instant, to this Department, states that infor-  1
mation, which had reached his Government in
England, and more recent iniell'gence received by
himself irom the authorities of the Province of
New Brunswick, had made it his duty to call the
attent on of the Government of the United States,
to the alleged facts that-lstly. The armed po;se
stat:oned by the State of Maiae, for the protection
1  of the public pr. perty in ihe disputed territory, had.
1 extended its operation, and its armed occupation of
! the country along the whole way from ihe valley
of the Restook to the month of Fish river, into the
valley of St. John, and thus into a portion of the
I  Madawaska settlements.    2dly.   That the esta-
blishments formed by persons composing the armed
parties, on the banks both of the Restook and the
Fish river, had assumed an aspect and character
decidedly  military, and more representing a per-
manent national possession of the country, than
could be required in the civil posse of a land agent,
temporarily occupying it for ihe sole purpose of
preveniing trespasses.   That those establishments
were fortified with entrenchments and cannon, and
garrisoned by a number of armed men, far greater
than the occasion would warrant.   311y. That a
permanent Slate road is being constructed, leading
into the valley of the Restook, and from thence on
the south side of the St. Johns, to the Fish river;
the object of which is to connect those portions of
I  the disputed territory, with the towns of Augusta
and Bangor, and other acknowledged parts of the
the State of Maine.   4thly. That, moreover, land
surveyors, acting under the authority of the State,
are employed in marking out lots and townships
within the same potion of the disputed territory;
and that sales of lands are being made, with deeds
regularly drawn under the authority of Maine.
The British minister protesting in the name of
his Government, against acts of encroachment on
thepait of the people of Maine, as being at vari-
ance with the agreements entered into in the month
of February last, first between him and the Secre-
tary of State at Washington, and subsequently, by
your Excellency, the Governor of New Brunswick,
and Major General Scott, for the purpose of aveit-
ing the danger of local collision on the frontier,
pending the final settlement of the boundary ques-
tion between the two Governments, thinks that the
establishment, in the meantime, of the new inte-
rests, and the growing up, as it were, of new pro-
prietary claims upon the lands yet in dispute,
which are likely to be the result of the acts referred"
to, may end by embarrassing the action of both
Governments.
In support of this opinion, Mr. Fox states that a'
similar reasoning was held on ihe part of the
Unied States, when, in the )'ear 1837, this Go-
vernment remonstrated against an allrged act, or
design rather, of encroachment of a less objec-'
tionable character than the operations to which he
refers, namely, the survey of a projected line of
railroad from Quebec to St. Andrews, parsing
through a part of the disputed ttr itory, and he
adds that, for the preservation of peace between
the people en both sides, and of good will between
the two nations, such acts as those complained of,
ought to be desisted from, and the existing arrange-
ments observed in good faith.
The President, to whom Mr. Fox's no'e has
been communicated, has directed meto express to
you his anxious desire, that no occasion shook) be
permitted to call in question, the faithful obse*-'
vanee by the Governments of the United States and
Maine, of the arrangements referred to, a senti-
ment in which h? is confident your Excellency will
freely concur, and to, request that you will transaht
to this Department, such information as may be in
possession of the Government of Maine, in relation'
to the acttf'referred io, in order that an appropriate
answer may soon be returned to Mr. Fox's eotn-
mun'cation.        I have the honor to be, «fee. 4c.
A. VAIL, Acting Secretary.
His Excellency John Fairfield,
Governor of the State of Maine.
The Governor of Maine to the Ming Secretary of
Sitae.
Executive Department,
Saco, November 21,1839.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the  re-
on between the Governors of Virginia and New
York, and Georgia and Maine, in which this very
question was involved.   They discuss it with abili-
ty,   but  the  Governor of Virginia has already
threatened to resort to first principles if the point
he is contending for be not yielded to him.     He
thought    this    controversy    would    ultimately
bring   the   whole   question   before   the   House,
' and   that it   would be  better  to  meet it now.
i If the cour-e proposed now be pe his ted in, it would
lead this country to a civil war; to avoid which, he
¡  was for having all said that could bs  aid on both
sides, and then come to such a compromise as would
be mutually acquiesced in.   The discussion had
been lully entered ioto in the convention, before the
adoption of the Constitution; and the parties there
came togeiher, and have been kept together for up-
wards of fifty years.   They could not bring ihe
I people of the North to terms, or convert them by
i the course proposed to be pursued.   When they
j   honld come to a qaestion of war, the friends of
I the North would stand up to their righ's as well as
!  the South.   When their institutions are threatened
With violence, he hoped ihey would defend them in
the best way possible; but as it Was not the caw
now, he would invite the South to reason with the
North upon this question.    Mr. A. said he was
more opposed to this proposition than that of last
year, because it is proposed to mike it a perma-
nent law of the House.   Some of the petitions ere
addressed to Ihe Senate and House of Representa-
tives, but by the operation of the proposed rule, it
would neither receive the petition, or allow the
petitioner the right to withdraw, and present it to
Ihe other body.
Mr. A. then made some remarte in favor of his
own proposition, which makes it the duty to re-
ceive alt petitions, except by objection for special
reasons, which *hall be decided by the vote of a
majority. It does not specify in what manner they
■hall be disposed of. All he wanted was, that the
great right of petition should be acknowledged.
He was unwilling to admit the right «f the House
to reject, without the reasons should be given for
it and entered on the journal. Such a course
would prevent any objections to these petitions in
future, and entirely allay all excitement opon the
subject.
Mr. ALFORD then obtained the floor, and dís- |
cussed at length the great constitutional principles
involved in this question, defended the rigats of
the South, and defined his political position with
reference to the approaching Presidential contest.
The lateness of the hour prevent) the Reporters
from giving a brief synopsis of his views. His
speech will be published at length hereafier.
Mr. HUNT having obtained the floor, said that
it was his intention to make a few brief remarks,
but as he was then laboring under a slight indis-
position, he would ask the Hause, as a personal
favor, to consent to a motion of adjournment.
The motion being made,
Mr. TURNEY demanded the yeas and nay*,
which, being ordered, were—yeas 85, nays 94.   So |
the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HAND said he had voted ag inst the ad-
journment, with a view of asking the House to en-   I
tertain a proposition he wished to present, the ob-   '
ject of which was to consider all other petitions
having no connection with the present subject,   i
After some debate of a conversational charac-   ¡
ter, several members here stated that they did not '
know that Mr. Hunt was laboring tinder indispo-
sition, or they would not have voted against the ad-
journment, and remarked that they would consent
to an adjournment.
Mr. MONROE renewed the motion to adjourn,
which was carried.
