CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
ceipt of your communication of the 6 h instant, re*
citing cenaia complaints that hare been nade by
the British Government, through its Minister Mr.
Fox, of the authorities of this State for certain al-
leged proceedings on the part of the latter, in rela-
tion to "the disputed territory;" and I lose no time
in complying with the request "to transmit such
information as may be ia the possession of the
Government of Maine in relation to the acts re-
ferred to, ia order that an appropriate answer may
soon be returned to Mr. Fox's communication."
The first complaint is, "that the armed posse
stationed by the State of Maine for the protection
of the poblx property in the disputed territory,
advancing beyond the stipulated limits, has ex-
tended its occupation of the country along the
whole way from the va ley of the Restock to the
month of Fi-h river into the valley of the St. Johns,
and thus into a portion of the Madawaska settle-
ment*. 
This complaint is probably founded upon the
following facts: Early last spring, the land agent
of the State sent a small force, consisting of some
twenty-five men, to Fish river, to disperse a band
of trespassers understood to be operating at that
ptaee. The enterprise was successful. Their
camps were broken up, some of the trespassers
driven off, and a few, with their teams, were
brought out to the settlement on the Aroostook,
thouyh subsequently released. The land agent,
deeming his work but half accomplished, again
seat a small force, of about the same number of
nun as composed the first party, to the mouth of
Fish river, to extend a boom across it to prevent
tke timber; which hod been cut by the trespassers,
being driven out iflto the &u John ; and to pre-
vent farther depredations By cutting. That force
has remained there until the present tinlej and
has, I believe, been signally successful in accem-
ghing the objects of the expedition,
lis proceeding violates no stipulation ever en-
1 into by the authorities of this Bute. In no
proper sense can the Madawaska settlements be
siid to include the territory as far west as Fish
river, upon either side of the St. Johns, it being
a distance of some twenty-five miles above it, and
the two dot being connected by continuous occupa-
tions or settlements. But, supposing the Fi?h ri-
ver territory to be & part of the Madawaska settle-
ments, even then, I maintain, there has beea no in-
Íringement of the c-tipulaiions on the part of this
hate, referred to by Mr. Fox. In that arrange-
ment, negotiated through the agency of General
Scott, the right was not relinquished, dn the part
of this S ate, of going amy where upon the dis-
puted territory with an armed posse for the purpose
of protecting the tmber then recently cot, and to
prevent further depredations; but such right was
eipressly reserved, or rather the intention of exer-
cising it was distinctly avowed.
So far as I am informed, the armed posse have
confined their operations to the objects before stated,
and have given no just cause of complaint, unless
t ie prohibiting Colonel McLaugh'in, the provincial
land agent, from driving timber down the St. Johns
inta the province of New Brunswick, constitutes
such cause. And, in regard to this, I must be per*
milted to say that the authorities of Maine can see
no reason for making a distinction between persons
attempting to drive our timber from the State into
a foreign jurisdiction, whatever may be tho pre-
tence set up.
Secondly, it is alleged "that the establishments
formed by persons composing the armed partiej on
the banks, both of the Restook and the Fish rivef,
had assumed an aspect and character more decided-
ly military and more resembling a permanent na-
tional possession ot the country than could be re-
quired in the civil posse of a land agent tempora-
rarily occupying it for the sole purpose of prevent-
ing trespasses. That these establishments were
fortified with entrenchments and cannon, and gar-
risoned by a number of armed men far greater than
the occasion would warrant."
The party at Fish river, as before stated, is com-
posed of about twenty-five men—not militia or sol-
diers, but hited laborers. A boom has by them
been thrown across the river to stop the timber in
it* passage down.   They have erected a blockhouse
near the boom, and are armed with mu&kets. If
this assumes "an aspect and character," in the
eyes of our provincial neighbors "decidedly mili-
tary," we hope it is not formidable enough to
create any alarm. But whether it is a force more
than sufficient to protect the public property of the
State from numerous bands of lawless men, grown
despetale by being deprived of their accustomed
plunder, and over whom their own Government
seems heretofore to have had but little control, is a
question which this State must be permitted to de-
cide for itself. In such a case it would be degra-
ding to consent that limits should be prescribed by
any power whatever. If the right to protect our
territory from invasion, and the public property
from plunder, be clear and undeniable, no less so
is the choice of means for carrying that right into
effect.
Upon the Aroostook a large number of men
have been employed. A boom haa been extended
across the river—a fortification of hewn timber
erected near it—and a blockhouse and a few other
more temporary buildings put up. The men sta-
tioned at what is called the Fort, say twenty-five or
thirty in number, are armed with musket?, and I
believe they have also two small pieces of artillery.
The remainder, say one hundred to one hundí ed
and twenty-five, have been engaged for the most
part in opening roads for summer as well as winter
communication, and preparing facilities for sup-
plying the posse. How far the  proceedings fur-
nish ground for the complaints of the British Go-
vernment, you will judge. That any preparations
ahort of them would have been insufficient to pro-
tect the public property, to me seems to be clear.
At all events, the complaint at the extent of this
force, was hardly to have been expected from the
British Government just at this moment, when a
few days only have elapsed since some fifty of its
own subjects, bearing the Queen's arms, and other-
wise suitably equipped, headed by a veteran militia
captain, made an assault in the dead of night upon
that very force which is now described as " g eater
than the occasion would warrant"
No better justification is needed for the course
which has been pursued by Maine, especially in
regard to the force employed, than a reference to
this case. Nor is the force of the circumstance
diminished by the fact, that this attack wasie-
pulsed by the firing of but one gun; for a disposi-
tion is manifested which may not always exhibit
itself in so harmless a manner. Again, the com-
plaint at our "establishments upon the disputed
territory fonified with «htrenchmems and cannon,"
would seem to come with but little show of con-
sistency from the British Government, when it has
just completed most extensive and permanent bar-
racks upon the same territory, north of the St.
Johns and is in the habit of transporting troops
and munitions of war over it at their pleasure.
The third allegation is, " that a permanent State
road is being constructed, leading iiro the valley
of the Aroostook, and from thence, on the south
side of the S'. Johns to the Fish river, the object
of which is to connect these portions of the dis-
puted terrilorry with the towns of Augusta and
Bangor, and other acknowledged parts of the State
of Maine."
That a road commencing near Mattawamkeag
point, in the eoun'yof Penobscot, extending to the
Aroostook river, and thence on to the mouth of
Fish river, upon the St. Johns, is in process of con-
struction, and is even now passable the whole way
with some vehicles, is certainly true. Bat it is not
percceived|wby,at this particular time, itshould be re-
garded as acause of complaint. This is no new thing.
An appropriation for this road was made by the Le-
gislature of this State, as early as 1826; from which
time it has steadily progressed, and in another
year, probably, will be nearly, if not quite, com-
pleted To say nothing of other advantages anti-
cipated from if, it i  manifest that it will afford
areat facilities for preventing trespasses upon
the public lands; and indeed, I may say that
trespassing upon the streams empty.ng high
no upontbe St. Johns, cannot be prevented
without such a road. This, therefore, is no
... proie t, got up in violation of any stt-
JuIatiSi or undemanding, to which  this State
has in any way been a party, or for the purpose of
gaining an additional extent of possession; but is
the exercise of a lawful right over that portion of
the territory to which we have not only the legal
title, but over which we have ever had possession
and jurisdiction.
But again, may I not inquire with what pro
priety and consistency this complaint is made on
the part of Great Britain, when she has herself
constructed a permanent railroad over a large part
of the terntoty north of the St. Johns, which, it is
understood, was very thoroughly repaired the pre-
sent season, and over which her subjects are con-
stantly passing.
The last allegation is, "that land surveyors, act-
ing under the authority of the State, are employed
in marking out lots and townships within the same
portion of the disputed territory, and that sales of
land are being made with deeds regularly drawn
under the authority of Maine."
That Maine is now managing, in the particulars
mentioned, these lands upon the Aroostook, and
those south of the St. Johns, in the same manner
that she has been accustomed to since her separa-
tion from Massachusetts, and as that State ma-
naged them prior to that period, is true. For the
last thirty years we have been occasionally survey-
ing and lotting these lands, granting them for lite-
rary, charitable, and religious purposes, and selling
in small lots to actual settlers. And has this
boundary question so far advanced, it may be
asked, that we cannot now do, without a remon-
strance on the part of the British Government,
what we have been so long in the habit of doing 1
Has the almost interminable negotiations—all the
efforts ihat have been put forth—all the events that
have occurred—especially th e exciting events of
the last year—but served to weaken our title,
diminish our rights, and curtail our privileges ?
Sure I am that Maine will not readily adopt such
a view, or quietly yield to its consequences. She
has been indulging the hope that tome progres
made towards an acknowledgment of her rights,
and the acquisition of her property had been made,
and I am well persuaded she has no disposition, at
the present time, to make any retrograde move-
ment
In compliance with your .rsauest, I have npw
communicated the fact* upon which the complaint 
of the British Government are.supposed to be
founded. In doing it, and in the accompanying
remark', I have bad no intention or desire of pro-
ducing irritation, or adding, in any degree, to the
excitement already existing. This subject is far
too momentous, and too nearly involves the peace
of the countries interested, to justify any remarks
founded in passion or feeling. But it is due to the
State, whose organ, upon this occasion, I am, as
well as to the whole country, to speak plainly, and
without disguise. And, under this solemn impres-
sion, I must say, that Maine, in my opinion, has.
done nothing which she was not fully justified in
doing, and nothing which she will not be ready to
defend with her best powers. And further, that
though she has not yet taken military possission of
the disputed territory, a continued disposition, oa
the part of the British Government, to delay a set-
tlement of the boundary question, will not fail, in
my opinion, to induce such a step, whatever1 may
be the consequences, should she not be relieved
from that responsibility by the action of the Gene-
ral Government.
With the most earnest desire for a just, peaceful,
and speedy settlement of the question, I have the
honor to subscribe myself, with high respect, your
most obedient servant,
JOHN FAIRFIELD,
Governor of Maine.
A. Vail, Eq. Acting Secretary of State.
Tlit Governor of Maine to me PresWint of the United
States.
'   State op Maink, Exkcotivi Dip**" *** 
Augusta, December 23, 18J .
•But. It having been reported to me thai, a.W
number of British trocps had I.enjoauoned at
Temiscouata lake, in the d^^/^^fir.
aeeing extracts from the> provincud paperaconnr
maiciy of these reports, I deemed it proper to ap
