136
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ply directly to the Lieatenant Governor of the Pro-
vince of New Brunswick, which I did by letter of
the 12th instant, to ascertain whether these iepors
■were well founded or not. His answer, under date
of December 19ih, I received yesterday, while on
my way to this place. My letter and the reply are
both herewith enclosed. It will be perceived that
two companies of British troops have actually been
marched into the disputed territory, and sta'ioned
at the Temiscouata lake, where it is well known
extensive barracks had been previously erected.
This is clearly a violation of the spirit of the agree-
ment entered into between the Lieutenant Governor
of New Brunswick and myself in March last,
though the orders have been issued by the Go-
vernor of Lower Canada. I submit, also, whether
the contingency contemplated by the act of Con-
gress of March 3,1839, has not occurred; whether
the facts do not clearly show an invasion of the
State of Maine, which the Executive Government
of the United States, tinder the directions of the act
aforesaid, as well as under the obligations of the
Constitution, is bound to repel.
I may add, that 1 am well informed that the Bri-
tish Government is also erecting barracks upon
both sides of the St. Johns, near the mouth of the
Madawaska river, and that troops are concen-
trating at Grand Falls. Under all these circum-
stances, I deem it to be my duly to call upon the
Government of the United States for that protec-
tion of tats State from invasion, guarantied to her
in the Constitution.
With the highest respect, I am, sir, your most
obedient servant,              JOHN FAIRFIELD,
Governor of Maine
His Excellency Mjrtiw Van Bore*,
President of the United Stales.
BxEctmve DiFARTMEirr,
Saco, December 12,1839.
8mi Having reen in the public prints extracts
from some of the provincial papers, stating that
two regiments of British troops had been stationed
at Temiscouata lake in the d:sputed territory, I
have been induced to inquire of your Excellency
whether there be any foundation for these reports.
A movement so clearly in violation of the arrange-
ment entered into through the mediation of General
ficbtt, I shall not permit myself to believe your
Excellency would make, without stronger evidence
than a newspaper paragraph.
The extreme sensitiveness of the public mind
upon this subject, I frost your Excellency will per-
ceive, afford  additional reasons for an early expla-
nation.
I have (he honor to be, with high respect, your
Excellency's obedient servant,
JOHN FAIRFIELD,
Governor of Maine.
His Exc'y Maj. Gen. Sir John Harvey-,
Lieut. Governor, Province of New Brunswick.
Government House,
Frederickton, N. B. Dec 19, 1839.
Sit: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt,
this day, of your Excellency's letter of the 12th
instant.
Whatever movements of troops may have taken
place on the side of Lower Canada, have been
made by authority superior to mine, but I appre-
hend they have consisted, not of (too reginunu, but of
oaeor twoeompwiu, (as small a detachment as can
well be made to so great a distance, consistently
with the maintenance of a due degree of discipline,)
for the protection of certain buildings which have
been constructed for the better accommodation of
her Majesty's troops on their march between the
upper and lower provinces, and of the previsions,
stores, and other public property therein deposited.
A copy of your Excellency's letter shall be trans-
mitted by me to the authorities in Canada, who. I
can assure your Excellency, are as anxious as I
am thai ihe spini as well as the letter of the agree-
ment entered into between your Excellency and
Sself, under the   mediation of Gen. Scott   n
icni ast,stioaJd be scrupulously observed on
I have the honor to be, w¡th h'gh respect, your
Excellency's most obedieat humble servant,
J. HARVEY,
Maj. Gen. Lt. Gov. New Brunswick.
His Excellency Gov. Fairfield,
Saco, State of Maine.
Secretary of Stale to the Governor of Maine.
Department op State,
Washington, January 2, 1840.
Sir: Your letter of the 23d ultimo, to the Presi-
dent, has, with its enc'osures, been received and
referred to this Department. The infurmation
herein contained, respecting the alleged occupa-
tion by Bntish troops of a portion of the disputed
territory, had before reached him from another
quarter, and, by his direction, had immediately
been made the subject of representations from this
Department to the British Minister, accompanied
by a request that he would communicate such in-
formation in relation to the subject as he might have
in his possession, or could obtain from the British
colonial authcrties. Presuming that the desired
information is to be procured from the last men-
tioned source, sufficient time has not yet been af-
forded for that purpose; but I am instructed by the
President to state, that so soon as an answer is re-
ceived from the British Minister, its purport shall
be communicated to your Excellency.
I have the honor to be, respectfully, your Excel-
lency's obedient servant,
JOHN FORSYTH.
His Excellency John Fairfield,
Governc r of Maine.
Mr. Fo* to Mr. Fertyth.
Washington, November 2,1839.
Information which has been reported to her Bri-
tannic Majesty's Government in  England, and
more recent intelligence which has been conveyed
to the undersigned by the British authorities in the
Prov ce of New Brunswick, make it the doty of the
undersigned, her Biitannic Majesty's Envoy Ex-
traordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, to call
the immediate and serious attention of the Govern-
ment of the United States to the extensive and un-
scrupulous (although it is to be hoped and believed
the   unauthorized)  acts of encroachment which
coninne to be carried on by Ihe people of the State
of Maine, within the line of the disputed territory.
It is unnecessary here to recapitulate the terms
of the sever<il agreement* which were entered into
in the months of February and March last, first
between the Secretary of State of the Un ted States
and the undersigned, at Washington, and after-
ward between the Lieutenant Governor of New
Brunswick, the Governor of Maine, and Major
Genf ral Scott, of the United States army, for the
purpose of averting the dangrr of local collision
upon the frontier, pending ihe final settlement of
the boundary question between Ihe Government of
Great Brita n and the United States.     The terms
of those agreements, and their true intent and
meaning, are sufficiently well known.     Her Ma-
jesty's authorities have, on their part, nqt only
scrupulously adhered to the leiter and spirit of the
engagements referred to, but they have been de-
sirous upon every occasion of inteipretmg in the
most frank and liberal manner any point upon
which a doubt or cavil could arise.
The undersigned, however, regrets to say that
the Sime correct and scrupulous observance has
not marked the conduct of the people of Maine, or
that of the subordinate officers employed by the Go-
vernment of the State.
The armed pos?e from the State  f Maine,
which it was agreed upon should be allowed to re-
main in the d sputed tenirory;>within certain limits,
for the purpose of • guarding the timber upon the
dispufed lands from waste and spoliation, has al-
ready advanced, it appears, far beyond those lim-
its, extending us operation*, and its armed occapa-
tion of the country, along the whole way from the
valley of the Restook to the mouth of the Fish river,
into the valley of the upper St. Johns, and thus
into a portion of the Madawaska settlements. All
this is clearly at variance with the terms and spirit
of the engagements signed by the Governor of
Mame, under the sanction aDd guarantee of Gen.
Scott.
The e=tiblishments, also, which have been form-
el by the persons compos ng the armed partie , on
the banks both of the Restook and of the Fish river
have assumed an aspect and charactor more deci-
dedly military, and more resembling a permanent
national possession of the country, than can be
either required or justified in the civil potse of a
land agent, holding, for the so'e purpose of pre-
venting trespasses, the temporary occupation of a
district which is claimed by two parties, and the
title to which is not yet settled between them.
These establishments or stations are fortified with
entrenchments aad with cannon; and the number
of armed men composing their garrisons is far great-
er than the occasion can warrant A permanent
S'ate road is also being constructed from the fron-
tier of Maine into the valley of the Restook, and
from thence on the south side of the St. Jonas to
the Fish river, the object of which road is to con-
nect those portions of the disputed territory with
the towns of Augusta and Bangor, and other ac-
knowledged parts of the State of Maine.
It moreover appears that land surveyors, acting
under the authority of the S.ate of Maine, are em-
ployed in marking out lots and townships within
the aforesaid portion of the d sputed territory; and
that sales of lands are being made, with deeds re-
gularly drawn under the authority of the State, a 
if those lands, lying within a region which her Ma-
jesty's Government confidently claims to be a right-
ful possession of the British crown, formed, on the
contrary, a recognised part of the public domain of
the State of Maine.
It is true that the present course of encroach-
ment, and the wrongful occupation of the land by
the citizens of Maine, whether acting as unautho-
rised individuals, or with the sanction of the autho-
rities of the Sta'e, cannot in any way place in
jeopardy the eventual rights of Great Britain, for
whatever shall be the line of boundary between her
Majesty's possessions and the Republic of the
United States, definitely recognised and decided
upon by the two Governments, either through the
attainment of the true line of the treaty of 1783, or
through the adoption of a conventional line, her
Majesty's Government will have to rely upon the
Federal Government of the United States, ia con-
junction with the Government of her Majesty, to
assert and carry out the decision, whatever may be
the views and pretensions of the inhabitants of the
State of Maine notwithstanding.
But it is evident that the establishment, in the
mean time, of new interests, and the growing up,
as it were, of new proprietary claims upon the
lands which are yet in dispute, may end by em-
barrassing the action of both Governments; of the
Government to whom the district shall be finally
allotted, and of the Government which will b«
called upon definitely to relinquish it.
The same argument has been held, and the same
principle has been contended for, by the Govern-
ment of the United States no less than by the
Government of Great Britain.   It will be in the
immediate recollection of the Government of the
ÜBited States, that when, in the year 1837, an al-
leged act, of .design rather, of encroachment  of a
far less direct or objectionable character, than the
operations referred to in the present note, namely,
the survey of a projected line of railroad from
Quebec to St. Andrews, passing through a part of J
the disputed territory, was complained of and re- '.
meostratsd against by the President, her Majesty's
Government immediately coasenfed to order that l
survey tp be relinquished.   The .undersigned can- l
not doubt but that the Government of the United
States will now, on their part, be guided by a
i imilar and reciprocal disposition.
The undersigned, therefore, while protesting, in
the first place, formally, in the name of his Go-
vernment, against the acts of encroachment by the
people of Maine, above enumerated and complain-
ed of, urgently, also, and for the ends of peace and
good will, appeals to the Government of ihe Uni-
ted Sutes to cause those acts of encroachment to
be desisted from, in order that whenever a practi-
cal adjustment of the line of boundary shall be ob-
tained, no minor or incidental occasions of dispute
