may remain to obstruct that final and friendly set-
tlement of the controversy, which the undersigned
feels persuaded it is the equally earnest desire of
both Governments to accomplish.
The nndersigned avails himself of this occasion
to renew to the Secretary of State of the United
States the assurance of his distinguished considera-
tion.                                              H. S. FOX.
Hon. Johm Forstth, &c &c. &c.
Mr. Fonyth to Mr. Fox.
"Department op State,
Washington, December 24, 1339.
The undersigned, Secretary of State of the Uni-
ted States, having, in pursuance of directions from
the President, requested the Governor ot Maine to
communicate to him such information as might be
it his possession in relation to a complaint preferred
by Mr. Fox, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary of Great Britain, in a note dated
the 2d ultimo, of alleged encroachments on the
part of the State of Maine upon the territory in
dispute on the Northeastern frontier of the United
States, is enabled, by a recent communication from
the Governor of the State, to lay before Mr. Fox,
for the information of his Government, the follow-
ing statem-nts and observations:
With reference to the first ground of complaint,
the undersigued is informed that, early last spring,
the land agent of Maine despatched a small force,
consisting of about twenty-five men, to Fish river,
for die purpose of dispersing a band of trespassers
understood to have been operating at that place, in
consequence of which the trespassers' camps were
broken up, some of them driven off, and a few,
with their teams, brought to the settlement on the
Aroostook, but subsequently released: that the land
agent, in further pursuance of what he deemed his
duty, again sent a party of about the same number
of men to the month of Fish river, to extend a
boom across it, in order to prevent the timber,
which had been cat by the trespassers, from being
driven out into the St. Jobas, and to hinder further
depredations by cutting. The object of the expe-
dition bad been accomplished, and the party re-
mained on the ground, at the date of the Governor's
communication.
So far the undersigned is unable to perceive that
any thing has been done by the people of Maine,
in any way contiavening the spirit of the agree-
ment entered into with Mr. Fox, or that of the ar-
rangesaent proposed by General Scott, and sub-
scribed to by the authorities of Maine and New
Brunswick. In the first place, the territory contigu-
ous to the month of the Fish river, on either side of
the St. Johns, can, in no proper sense, be con-
sidered as included in the Madawaska settle-
ment. It is distant ¡orne twenty-fire milts above
it, and the two points are not connected by any
continuóos occupations or settlements of the coun-
try. But even if the point referred to formed part
of the Madawaska settlement, the agreement of the
27th of February stipulated that, in the event of
necessity for dispersing notorious trespassers, or
protecting pab'ic property from depredation, by
armed force, the operation would be conducted
jointly or separately, according to agreements be-
tween the Governments of Maine and New Bruns-
wick. Under such an agreement, negotiated
through the agency of General Scott, the Governor
of Maine was to maintain within the disputed ter-
ritory, under, a land agent, a small civil posse,
armed or,unarmed, to protect the- timber recently
cat, and in prevent farther depredations  without
any limitation as to the sphere of its operation with-
in the bounds of the disputed territory. To the at-
tainment of those ends, the action of the parties
detached by the Maine land agent appear?,, so far
as the unders'goed is informed, to have bien
strictly «onflfted.
As to the military aspect and character alleged
by Mr. Fox to have been assumed by the parties
on the Restock and Fish rivers, it appears that
those despatched to the last mentioned points,
composed, as stat«d, each of about twenty-five men,
neither militia nor soldiers, but hired laborers,
were, it is tiue, armed with muskets, and had ex-
tended a boom across the river, and erected a block-
house for its protection and their own against the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
numerous bands of lawless men, grown desperate
by being deprived of their accustomed plunder, and
over whom her Majesty's authorities appear to have
exerc:sed but little control. Such measures of pre-
caution cannot but be regarded as dictated by pru-
dential motives, if not by the necessity of the case,
and the fitness and extent of the preparation, ap-
pear to the undersigned questions which could not
understanding^ be discussed away from the scene
of action, and which, of necessity, can only he
properly decided by those persons whose safely
was to be secured.
Upon the Aroostook, which has been the pivot
of the operations of the land agent's posse, a
larger number of men has been employed. They
have also extended ¡a boom across the river, and
erected near it a fortification of hewn timber, and
a few other more temporary buildings. The twenty-
five or thirty men stationed there,are likewise armed
with muskets, and, it is believed, have also two
small pieces of artillery. The remainder, about
one hunched and twenty-five, have, for the most
part, been engaged in opening roads for summer,
as well as for winter, communications, and in pre-
paring facilities for supplying the posse. Any pre-
parations sh rt of these, would, it is stated, have
been insufficient to pro'ect the public property: and
the authorities of Maine cannot repress a senti-
ment of surprise, that these should now be made a
subject of complain!, when, but a short time since,
(be establishment was assaulted by a party of some
fifty men, suitably equipped, commanded by a cap-
tain of militia, and beating the dueen's arms, in
the repulsion of which the occupants displayed a
spirit of forbearance and moderation sufficiently in
harmony wi h the avowed and sole object of their
occupa'ion of the territory; and that surprise is in
no way diminished by the fact that the agents of
the British Government have just completed ex-
tensive and permanent barracks on the same terri-
tory, north of the St. J. hm, and are in the habit
of transporting troops and munitions of war over
it at their convenience.
The construction of the road leading into the
valley of the Aroostook, would not, it is appre-
hended, have been deemed, at this time, a just
canse of comp'aint, had Mr. Fox adverted to the
fact that the work was commenced as long aso
as 1826, under an appropriation by the Legisla-
ture of the State of Maine, and that from that time
it has steadly advanced, so that another year will
probably see it completed, from near Mattawam-
keag Point, in the county of Penobscot, to the
Aroostook river, and thence to the mouth of Fish
river, on «he St. Johns. It is, therefore, no new
project, conflicting with any existing arrangement,
nor with any understanding to which the State of
Mame has become a party, but the exercise of a
lawful right over a portion of the territory in dis-
pute, of and over which it ever has had possession
and jurisdiction. To say nothing of other advan-
tages anticipated 'from the completion of the road,
it will afford great facilities for preventing tres-
passes upon the public lands; and, indeed, it is con-
sidered that trespassing upon the streams emp-
tying high up upon the St. Johns, cannot be pre-
vented without such a road.
The Governor of Maine considers, that, in carry-
ing on the work referred to, the State has done no
more that is inconsistent with the respective rights
of the parties, than have the authorities of her
Majesty's province, in constructing, and, recently,
as it is understood, in thoroughly repairing a per-
manent mail road over a large portion of the terri-
tory north of the St. Johns.
The last allegation in Mr. Fox's note, forming
a cause of complaint against the State of Maine
relates to her management of the lands upon the
Aroostook. In this particular, the undersigned is
enabled to observe that the proceedings complain-
ed of differ, in no way, from those which Maine,
since her separation from Massachusetts, and the
last named State previously to it, have ever pur-
sued in regard to the public lands. F¿r the last
thirty years the State has been occasionally sur-
veying and lotting those lands, granting them for
literary, charitable, and religious purposes, and
selling them in small lot3 to actual settlers. Of this
right, so long exercised, Maine alleges that she has
137
done nothing to divest herself, and that the dis-
cussions and negotiations upon the Maine ques-
tion of boundary could not have had the effect of
weakening her title to rights she had so long keen
in the habit of enjoying.
It is with no little surprise that, in the face of the
complaints, which form the subject of Mr. Fox's
note, the President has received intelligence
of her Majesty's colonial authorities having
recently stationed a regiment of regulat troops,
part at the north, and part at the south end of
Lake Temiscoua a and of her Majesty's forces
having commenced building barracks on both sides
of the St. Johns, at its confluence with the Mada-
waska. Such proceedings on the part of the agenta
of the Briti-h Government would, if true, consti-
tute such a flagrant contravention to the existing
understanding between the parties, that the Pre-
sident cannot but hope that the report which has
reached him of the occupation referred to, is
founded upon incorrect information.
The undersigned requests that Mr. Fox will
communicate to him such information, if any, as
he may have in his possession in relation to the
subject, and that he will, by such representat ons
as the circumstances, if tounded in fact, will obvi-
ously suggest, impress her Majesty's colonial a -
thorities with a sense of the inexpediency and impru-
dence of such proceedings, and of the unhappy con-
sequences likely to attend their persistence therein.
The undersigned avails himself of this occasion
to renew to Mr. Fox the assurance of his distin-
guished consideration.        JOHN FORSYTH.
Henry S. Fox, esq. &c. &c. Ac.          .
Mr Fox to Mr. Fonylh.
Washington, Jan. 12, 1840.
The undersigned, her Britannic Majesty's Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, has
the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the official
note addressed to him by the Secretary of State of
the United States, on the 24th of December, in
reply to a previous note, which, by direction of his
Government, the undersigned had addressed to the
Secretary of Slate on the 2d of November, in rela-
tion to various and continued acts of encroach-
ment committed by the authorises and inhabitants
of the State of Maine, within that tract of territory
on the Northeastern frontier pfthe United States, the
true title to the possession of which, according to th 
terms of the treaty of 1783, is at pre ént in dispute
between the British and American Governments.
The undersigned has lost no time in transmitting
to her Majesty 'á Government the official note of the
Secretary of State. He has, in the meantime, to
express bis extreme regret that the explana ions
furnished by the authorities of the Sta e of Maine,
and communicated to the undersigned by the Secre-
tary of State, in relation to the encroachments
complained of, both as regards the construction of
roads and public works, and the sale and alienation
of lands, are of a character which mus' render them
altogether unsatisfactory to the Government of
Great Britain. It would appear, in fact, as if a
reference by the General Government to the autho-
rities of Maine, of the complaints preferred by
Great Britain, had produced no other reply or ex-
planation from the authorities of Maine, than a re-
iteration of their intention to persist in the com-
mission of the acts complained of, whether in ac-
cordance with the obligations of international jus-
tice or not.
The undersigned does not permit himself to re-
linquish the hope that, through the wisdom and,
integrity of the General Government of the United
Sta>es, in unison with the sincere endeavors of her
Majesty's Government, it will still b« found possi-
ble to bring the pending controversy of the.dispateij
boundary to a satisfactory and amicahleconcla-
sion; but it is ceitaia that the public acts,.and pan-
ic declarations of the authorities of Maine, are
continually calculated, as far as in them lies  to
render such amicable conc'.usion more difficult
and more distant.
With reftrence to fie concluding part of the
official note of the Secretary of State, wherein ob-
servations are made upon certain reported ">?*'?•
ments of British troops ia the neighborhood of ¿*M
Temueouata, and at other points wtuun tnatpof-
