138
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tioa of the territory where, according to the provi-
sional agreements entered into at the beginning of
last year, no interference was to be attempted, with
the exercise of British authority, pending the nego-
tiation of the boundary question, the undersigned
can distinctly assure the Secretary of State that
there exists no intention on the part of her Ma-
jesty's authorities to cancel or infringe the terms of
those provisional engagements, so long as the
same are observed with fidelity by the other patty.
The particular motives, and the amount of the
present movement of troops, have been explained
in a frank and satisfactory manner to the Gover-
nor of Maine by the Lieutenant Governor of New
Brunswick, in a correspondence which has been
made public, and wl.ich, it appears, has been
officially communicated by the Governor of Maine
to the President of the United States.
With regard, however, generally to the rein-
forcement of military posts, and other defensive
and precautionary measures, whether along the
confines of the disputed territory, or within that
portion of it where, according to the provisional
agreements before cited, the authority of Great
Britain was not to be interfiled with, the under-
signed has to observe that the adoption of such
measures by her Majesty's authorities cannot be,
with reason, objected to or complained of by the
Government of the United States, when regard
is had to the reports which have for some time
past been circulated, (and of the prevalence and
consistency of those reports the United States Go-
vernment are themselves fully aware,) respecting:
the probable intention of the Legislature of the
State of Maine (o revoke, during its present ses-
sion, the provisional agreements now in force, and
to authorise some new and extensive act of ag-
gression over the stipolated territory.    And the
undersigned baa regretted to observe that the lan-
guage of the Governor of Maine, in his recent
message to the Legislature, at the opening of the
session, is calculated to encourage rather than to
restrain such rash and obnoxious designs.
The undersigned avails himself of this occasion
to repeat to the Secretary of State of the United
Sutes the assurance of his distinguished considera-
tion.                                               H. S. POX.
The Hon. John Fobstth, dbc. &c. Ac.
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Fox.
Department op State,
Washington, Jan. 16,1840.
In a note which Mr. Fox, Envoy ExtraorJinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary of Great Britain, ad-
dressed on the 12th instant to the undersigned, Se-
cretary of State «f the United States, Mr. Fox, al-
Juding to a complaint made by the undersigned of
certain reported movements of British troops ia
portions of the territory in dispute between the two
countries, declaims all intention on the part of the
Briti>h authorities to cancel or infringe the terms
of the provisional agreement entered into at the be-
ginning of last year; and this disclaimer is con-
nected with an assumption of the right of Great
BrrtRt'n to strenghen posts, and take measures of
(mi itary) precaution, not along the line only, but
within portions of the disputed territory, as, by the
terms of the agreements referred to, no interference
was to be attempted pending the negotiation of
the boundary question, with the exercise of Bri-
tish authority in the neighborhood of Lake Te-
miscouata, "and at o her points" within a portion
of the teni'ory supposed to be embraced in  the
terms of the arrangements.     Mr.   Fox  having
•tated that he has referred to his Government the
representations of the Uoi'ed States  against  the
miüfary movements alluded to, the undersigned,
uodef a confident  expectation   that   the   matter
will present itself to the minds of her Majesty's
ministers in a light different from that which it is
understood  by Mr. Fox, would   have refrained
from any further remarks on the subject, but in or-
der-to ebviate the risk of any misapprehension as
to the views of the Resident concerning it, and in-
asmuch as the ground assumed by Mr. Fox with
respect to the import of the existing arrangements
would, if admitted by the United Stales, give to
those arrangements a scope not authorised by the
Jraguage in which they are expressed, nor by what
is believed to be the intention of the parties, it is
proper that the undersigned should call Mr. Fox's
immediate attention to the express provisions of the
agresment signed by him and the undersigned, and
ol that which was subscribed to, under the agency
of General Scott, by the Governor of Maine and
the Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick.
The main object of those agreements obviously
was the restoration and future maintenance of tran-
quillity in the disputed territory; and as the means
of most surely attaining that object, the entire ex-
clusion from its limits of all military foree, to
whichever side belonging, and the delegat'on to the
civil authority exclusively, of the exercise of all
power and jurisdiction. With that view, under the
first mentions 1 of those agreements, it was only in
case of necessity for dispersing notorious trespass-
ers, or ptoecting public property from depredation,
that armed force was to be employed on either side,
and then the operation was to be conducted by con-
cert, jointly or separately, acco ding to agreement
between the Governments of Maine and New
Brunswick. The oiher was the result of the contem-
plated "concert" between theGovernmentsof Maine
and New Brunswick; was intended to carry out the
object of the first, confiding to the State of Maine
the duty of protecting the timber recently cü',
and of preventing further depredations, arid
prescribed that these objec's were to be ádcorÜ*
plishfd through ,lhe agency of a civil posse. Ac-
cordingly, the Governor of Maine engaged to with-
draw, without unnecessary delay, the military foree
of the S'ate. Without regard, therefore, to the
limi's within which either parly had before exer-
cised jurisdiction, resort to military forte, for anjr
purpose whatever, was interdicted to both, parties.
With reference to the extent of territory within
which each party was to continue to exercise juris-
diction, the- first agreement left the question of
right where it had before siood, and only expressed
the conflicting nnders'anding of that questjon by the
Governmentsof the United States ahd Great Bri-
tain, respectively. The agreement between Go-
vernor Fairfiield and Sir John Harvey provided,
likewise, that the question of possession and ju-
risdiction should remain as it then stood; but
s ated where it stood, by providing that Great Bri-
tain was to continue holding, in fact, possession
of a part of the territory, meaning that part em-
braced in the Madawaska settlements, in the occu-
pmcy of which, as well as ia the enjoyment of
th? usuil communications between New Bruns-
wick and her Majesty's upper provinces, the
Governor of Maine disclaimed all intentions of
disturbing the Brit^h authorities. Beyond the
Madawaska settlements, therefore, circumscribed
by the limits within which they stood at the date of
the agreement, the United States cannot, under
the terms of that agreement, recognise in the
British authorities the right of extending jurisdic-
tioHj much less that of forming any military es-
tablishments beyond or within them; and those,
consequently, which formed the subject of Jhe re-
presentations in the no e of the undersigned of the
12 h of December, pushed, as they aré alleged to
have been, into tracts of country far beyond any
acknowledged limits of those settlements, and
wholly unconnected with them, cannot be viewed
in any other light than a bold infraction of existing
arrangements. That such i<¡ a just view of the
agreements, cannot be disputed by Great Britain,
as her Majesty's Government has adopted and acted
upon it. In the note of Mr. Fox complaining oi
the encroachments on the part of Maine, and of an
armed occupation of part of Cie disputed territory
by that State, both are treated as inconsistent with
the existing arrangements; and it is presumed her
Majesty's Government will not attempt to apply
one rule of construction to defend the military
movements of its co'onial authorities, and another
to sundín complunts against the State Govern-
ment, for ac's which are not founded upon any appre-
hended necessity of the use of a regular m litary
force for offensive or defensive purposes. Nor
can it be imagined that ¡twill beconlended that those
arrangements ar not perfectly reciprocal, or that
there is any difference in the character and the ex-
tent of the jurisdiction to be exercsed by Great
Britain in one portion, and that by the State of
Maine or the United S^'es in the otherportion, of
the disputed terriiory, comprehended within the tem-
porary arrangements made to preserve tranquility
in both, and guard against any hostile collision be-
tween the State and colonial governments.
The undersigned having laid Mr. Fox's note be-
fore the President, is instructed to state to him, tliat
no reason is perceived for doubling the disposition
of the Governor of Maine scrupulously to adhere
to the spirit of the «¡sting arrangements, and to
avoid all acts tendiog to render more difficult ana
distant the final adjustment of the mam quesion
of boundary between the two countries! but, in re-
peating assurances of the readin«ss of the United
States Government to contribute, by all means in
its power, to aa amicable nomination of the dif-
ference, the undersigned is bound to declare that a
persistence in, or a repetition of, such acts, en the
part of her Majesty's agents, as those now com-
plained of, would, if avowed by Great Britain, be
considered as but little in accordance with those as-
surances.
j     The undersigned avails himself of this occasion
to renew to Mr. Fox the expression of bis distin-
! guished consideration.          JOHN FORSYTH.
Henry S. Fox, esq. &x. <fcc>
War D«PiRTMENT,
January 22, 1840.
Sir: In reply to that portion of the resolution of
the Senate, referred by your direction to this De-
partment by the Secretary of State, which requests
you "to communicate to, the Senate; so far as ri}*y
not be incompatible with the public interest, whether
any, and if any, what measures have been taken
under the act of Congress of March, 1839, or
otherwise, to cause the removal or expulsion of the
British troops, wh;ch have taken possession of a
portion of the territory of Maine, claimed by Great
Britain, and especially whether, since the last ses-
sion of Congress, any military posts have been
established in Maine, or any other military mea-
sures adopted, preparatory to a just vindication of
the honor and rights of the nation and of Maine, as
connected with the persevering claim made by
Great Britain to a portion of the territory of that
State '' I have the honor tb stale, that the circum-
stance of a portion of the territory of Maine claim-
ed by Great Britain having been occupied by Bri-
tish troops, was recently communicated to the Qo-
vernment, and having been tfiade the subject of
remonstrance, and become a matter of discussion
between the two Governments, no measures of a
character referred to by the resolution have been
taken, either under the act of Congress of March,
1839, or otherwise.
A careful military reconnoisance of the ufldis 
pUted boundary of the State of Maine, was made
in 1933, and the result submitted to the Senate
during the last session of Congress; but as no ap-
propriation was made for the erection of fortifica-
tions on the sites selected for that parpóse, none
were commenced; and as i« fully set forth in your
la ! annual message to Congress, it did not appear,
that the contingency contemplated by the act al-
luded to, had occurred, no military measures what*
ever were deemed necessary, or were adopted.
Very respectfully,your most obedient servant,
J. R. POINSETT.
To the President of the United States.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, five thouands
additional copies were ordered to be printed.
Alvo, a report from the Secretary of War, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, rela-
tive to the operations for increasing the depth of
water at the mouth of the Mississippi river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the memorial of the
heirs at law of John De Treville, a captain ia the
Revolutionary army, for commutation; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, to which was referred the memorial of
certain manufacturera of wool, asked to be dis-
charged from its farther consideration; which was
agreed to, and it was laid on the table.
Mr. GRUNDY presented the petition of Tbos.
