CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             HI
But in all those regulations and directions it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
guard, as far as may be, against those drafts being
osed, or thrown into circulation, as a p p.-r cur-
rency or medium of exchange.
Sec 24. And h* it further tneeted. That the re-
ceivers-general of public moneya directed by this
•ct to be appointed, shall receive, respectively, the
following salaries, per annum, to be paid quarter
yearly, at the Treasury of the United States, to
wil: the receiver general of public money at New
York shall be paid a sal.irv of four thousand dol-
lars per annum; the receiver-general of public
money at Boston shall be paid a salary of two thou-
sand five hundred dollars per annum; ihe receiver-
general of public money at Charleston shall be paid
a salary of two thousand five hundred dollars per
annum; and the receirer-general of public money
at St. Louis, shall be paid a salary of two thousand
five hundred dollars per annum; the Treasuier if
fie Mint at Philadelphia shall, in addition to his
present salary, receive five hundred dollars an-
nually for the performance of the duties imposed
by this act; the Treasurer of the Biancb Mint at
New Orleans shall also receive one thousand dol-
lars annually for the additional duties created by
this act; and these salaries, respectively, shall be
in full for the services of the respective officers, nor
shall either of them be permitted to charge, or re-
ceive, any conimission, pay, or perquisite, for any
official service, of any character or description
whatsoever; and the making of any such charge,
or the receipt of any such compensation, is hereby
declared to be a misdemeanor, for which the officer
convicted thereof, before any court of the United
States of competent jurisdiction, shall be subject to
punishment by fine, or imprisonment, ot both, at
the discretion of the court before which the offence
shall be tried.
Sic. 25. And he it further enacted, That the
Treasurer of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized to receive at the Treasury, and
at such other points as be may designate, payments
in advance for public land.-, the payments so made,
in all cases, to be evidenced by the receipt of the
said Treasurer of the United States; which receipts
so given shall be receivable for public lands at
any public or private sale of lands, in the same
manner as the currency authorized by law to be
received in payment for the public lands: Provided,
however. That the receipts given by the Treasurer
of the Un:ted States, pursuant to the authority con-
ferred in this section, shall not be negotiable or
transferable, by delivery, or assignment, or in any
other manner whatsoever.but shall, in all cases, be
presented in payment for lands by or for the per-
son to whom the receipt was given, as shown upon
its face.
Sec. 26. And he it further enacted, That for the
purchase of sites, and for the construction of the
offices of the receivers-general of public money, by
this a^t d reeled to be erected at Charleston, South
Carolina, and at St. Louis, Missouri, there shall
be, and hereby is, appropriated, to be paid out ef
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of ten thousand dollars, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, who is hereby required to adopt
plant for the said omces, and the vaults and safes
connected therewith, and to cause the same to be
constructed and prepared for use with as utile de-
lay as shall be consistent with the public interests,
and the convenient location and security of the
buildings to be erected: Provided, however, That if
the Secretary of the Treasury shall find, upon in-
quiry and examination, that suitable rooms for the
use of toe receiver-general at Charleston can be
obtained in the custom-house now owned by the
United Sates at that place, and that secure vaults
*nd safes can be construeted in that building for
the safe keeping of the public money, then he shall ,
cause such rooms to be prepared and fitted up, and '
such vaults and safes to be constructed in the cus- i
tom-honseat Char eston, and no independent oflice ,
•ball be there er«c ed.                                                 I
Sec. 27. And be U further envted, That, for the '
payment of the eipeuses authorized by this act,
wber than those herein before provided for, a suf- .
ocwtt sum of money be, and the same is hereby, i
approptiated, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not other wise appropriated.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts which come in conflict with the
provisions of this act be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Mr. HENDERSON opposed the bill at great
length.
Mr. TAPPAN said that he was desirous of ex-
pressing his opinions on the bill, but if it was the
wish ol the Senate to take th« question on its pas-
sage nox, he would not interpose. If it was in-
tended, however, to continue the debate, he would
yield the floor to any gentleman who wished to ad-
dress ihe Senate.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, then  rose and sub-
Zi'ted h s reasons for voting against the bill.
Mr. MERRICK said he intended to address the
¡senate on this measure, but as i* was now hte,
being a quarter'past three o'clock, he moved that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Tne yeas and nays being demanded, the question
was deeded in the negative—yeas 19, nays 21.
Mr. MERRICK fien proceeded tj address the
Sena'e in opposition to the bill.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, for the purpose of test-
ing the sense of the Senate as to whether Ihe ques-
tion should be taken on the passage of the bill this
evening, moved that the Senate adjourn.
Tbe ayes and noes being demande I, the question
was decided in the negative—ayes 18, noes 23.
Mr. MERRICK then concluded his remarks,
and was followed by Mr. DAVIS, also in opposi-
tion to the bill.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill, and decided in the afliimaiive—ayes 24,
noes 18, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuihbert, Fulton,
Grundy, Hubbaid, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Montón,
Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Sevier, Smith of Connec-
ticut, Stranre, Tappan, Walker, Williams, and
Wr¡ght—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Betts, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Henderson, Knight,
Merrick, Nicholas, Phelps, Prentiss, Preston, Ro-
binson, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, White, and
Yoang—18.    /
So the bill was passed.
On motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, January 23, 1840.
The question be'ore the House was ihe proposi-
tion of Mr. Thompson of South Carolina to amend
the rules, by the addition of ihe fo'owinir:/
Resolved, That, upon thspreicutatioo jw any me-
mo- ial or petition praying for the abojftion of sla-
very or the slave trade in} any Distijet, Ter. itory,
or State of the Union, andtipcn the jrresentiit on of
a«y resolution, or ohsr rjaper t igjfehii g that sub-
ject, the reception of such memorial, petition, reso-
lution, or paper, shall be cbnsidped as objected to,
and the question of it* recep&onÁhzW be laid on the
table, without debate or turner action thereon.
And the proposition of Mr. Adams, as a substi-
tute for Ihe above, in the following words:
Resolved, That the following be added to the
standing rules of this House, to be numbered the
21 i:
"Every petition presented by the Speaker, or by
any memter, with a brief verbal statement of its
contents, shall be received, unless objection be
made to its reception fcr speciil resscn; and when-
ever objection shall be made to the ) eception of a
petition, the name of tbe membr objecting, and
the reason of the objection, shall be entered upon
Ihe journal. The question in every such case shall
be, shall the petition pe rejected! and no pe'ition
f hall be rejected but by a majori y of the members
present."
Mr. HUNT, who was entitled to the floor, was
about proceeding, but was interrupted by
Mr.COOPERJof Pennsylvania, who offered a re-
solution, which he hoped the House would, by gene-
ral consent, agree to receive, as it would, under
the rule, lie on the table for one day. The resolu-
tion to which be had reference was that already
published, calling en the Postmaster General for
information in relation to the mail arrangement
between Baltimore and New York.
Objection was made to its reception.
Mr. HUNT said he was not prepared to yield
the floor for any proposition which would caute
deb te ,and deprive him of it.
Mr. SERGEANT asked the consent of the
House to make a report on a bill from the Judi-
ciary Committee. It was a bill to correct some
errors in the census law, and of the utmost impor-
tance.
Objection was made to its reception; when
Mr. SERGEANT moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. HUNT said he could not consent lo any
proposition which would deprive him of the floor,
after fo much d.fficulty in obtaining it.
Mr. HUNT, after thanking the House for the
courtesy it extended to him by the adjournment on
yesterday, on account of his indisposition, said ihat
ihe best return he could make for it was his pro-
mise to be very brief. He then proceeded to dis-
cuss the proposition before the Home. The prin-
ciples involved in ihe question were of the almost
importance. It was a more important question
than any which had occupied the attention of that
House since the Declaration of Independence and
the adoption of the Constitution. He was utterly
opposed to the proposiii n of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Thompson,] and also to Mr.
Adams's substitute therefor, in the present aspect of
the case. The reasons were, that it was proposed
to make it a permarent rule of the House; and be*
cause he was in favor of the proposition of the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Chikn,} which
was almost identical with that offered by himself
four years ago. He hoped the time would
arrive to move that «gain—if not at this ses-
sion, at lean at the next. He was in favor
of Mr. C's proposition, because it did not
go to make a permanent rule of the Home,
to operate unjus ly on cne class of petitions. He
feared the other prepositions would operate to de-
grade the moral question involved in the subject be*
fore the Hous?, to subserve or satisfy par y ends.
His objection to ihe propositions in their present
form was founded on the very rules of the House,
berau<e they came in conflict with the rule which
makes it trie duty of the Speaker, af er reading of
the journa's, to call ihe States for petitions, begin-
ning wiih iie State of Maine, until all the States
had been called. The rules had already, he be-
lieved, fully provided for the disposition of all
cltsses of petitions. Mr. H. said he would not on
th'se propositions, and at that time, enter into the
difcussion of, or argue the question of the con:ti!u-
tional right of petiibn. He considered that subject
as far beyond 'he powers of that House to restrict
or abridge as did Southern gentlemen question Ihe
power of that Hooss to discuss the qui stion of the
f-ubl'ms meri s of slavery. The tight of petition, in
its most unlimited form, did not depend on the
Constitution f r its existence, but was an inherent
right, above that instrument, and could not be re-
stricted ihere—it was a right n,-t sscured by
parchments and sea's; but was one which
was dt rived from the Auihor of all good, which was
perroi ted to be exec'sed from infancy to old age.
It was ore given by God to man, which rides over
all constitutions. He wonld ask, what Viginia,
the mother of States, would say to the res'riction of
this right now, when, at her instance, thi* admira*
ble clause bad been ksetted in the Corieutationto
pn tect that right: "Tha'. C.mg ess shall make no
law r specling the establishment of nérgion, or
prevent the free exercise thereof, or abolish the
frejdom of the press, cr of speech, and the right of
the people peaceably to assembler and petition for
a redrfss of grievances." Mr. H. referred to the
history of the times that carried the adoption of
this amendm*nt, which was founded upon the pro-
ceedings of George .the Thiid, in break nr up legis-
lative bodies, because of the exercise of this light of
petition, and other examples of arbitrary rule by
Great Britain. He adverted to the jealou y of
Virginia's sons—caused by the prrceedmgs ot
those times—to Patrick Henry, Jefferson, Ma-
dison, and other prominent men, who *"%,
the advocates of thi  right in it* brtadest etnsm
