CONGRESSIONAL, O LOBE.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1840.

BY BLAIR & RIVES.
--------WEEKLY
PRICE $1  PER SESSION.
Continued /"rem Xo. 9.
abeltel the Abolitionists on that floor, with very few
excep ions, were Whigs. He went into a history
of the proceedings of this year to the same end,
proving that alt the speeches made, in any manner
aiding the cause cf the Abolitionists, were by
Northern Whigs. He then adverted to the yeas
and nays in farther proof. Those on the decision of
the Speaker that the presentation of petition'.accord-
ingto parliamentary law, comprehended the mo-
tion of reception. A Whig [Mr. Barnard, of
Kew York] took an appeal from that decision. He
believed the whole South and Democratic parly
voted to sustain the appeal; and fifty voted against
it, ol which forty-eight were Whigs and Abolition-
isR The gent!emen,hesaid,wereattempting to clear
their skirts of the shame of supporting the Aboli-
tionis's; bat, from their votes on this proposition,
they might tell him till doomsday they were not
Abolitionists, he wonld not belie y e them, because
their votes show that they have indirectly aided
their canse.
On the motion to lay the question of reception
of the Abolition petition presented by Mr. Lin-
coln on the table, 63 Whigs and Abolitionists
voted against it, and only 6 Democrats. The
Whigs came op to the reseñe of the Abolitionists
I k* men, yet this, they say, means nothing.
The resolution of Mr. Coles, of Virginia, pro-
posing to receive those petitions, and lay them on
the table without debate or further action, was be-
fore the House, and the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Thompson] moved to lay it on the
table. 102 voted for that motion, and 98 against
it There were only 8 Democrats who were in
favor of laying it on the table.
The resolution of Mr. Coles was identical with
that offered by Mr. Patton a few yeais ago, and
which was the effect of a meeting of the Southern
gentlemen, and which met their entire appro-
bation.
These facts were, he knew, unpleasant to gen-
tlemen; but they must remember that they made
certain charge*, and they ought at the time to have
known that these facts would appear in judgment
against them. Yes; there was not a single Northern
Whig who vo'ed against laying Mr. Coles's resolu-
tion on the table, while every Northern Democrat
voted for it. I know that some of my Southern
brethren have strong prejudices, and are unwilling
to vote in favor of any resolution coming from the
Democratic party. They may believe the measure
is right of itself, but oppose it, in consequence of
the party it comes from.
Mr. BYNUM having given way at the request
of Mr. Habersham of Georgia,
Mr. HABERSHAM said that he and his col-
leagues had all voted against the adoption of Mr.
Colis's resolution. That it would appear from
the remarks of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, ihat they may have been actuated, in giving
that vote, by the consideration that the re-
solution had come from one of the Democratic
pariy. Mr. H. said that he and his colleagues
were actuated by no such mouve->-that tbey had
voted without reference to such considerations—
that even if they bad been inclined to vote for it,
which they were not, and had voted for it, that
not one of them, in his opinion, could have hoped
to come back here, because .hey and their constitu-
ents were opposed to the reception of these peti-
tions altogether. Whereas Coles's resolution pro-
posed to receive them and lay them On the table
without further action.
Mr. B. said the gentleman from Georgia had
misunderstood him if he supposed he had attri-
buted any improper motive to him. There were
no gentlemen, of either party, for whom he had
more respect than the gentlemen from the State of
Georgia. He then referred to other votes much
stronger than the above, and particularly to the re-
solution of Southern gentlemen, where all the
'Northern Whigs voted with the Abolitionists
-against  the propositions from the South, while the
Democrats sustained them, which, he said, was suf-
fic ent to open the eyes of the Southern Whigs to
the position they occupied with that party.
Mr. B. then referred the Southern men to the
source from whence those Abolition petitions came;
nine-tenths of which, by reference to the Clerk's
files, had been presented to that House by Whigs
of the North.
Mr. B. said, if there was any doubts in the
minds of the Southern people as to who were and
who were not Abolitionists in that House, they
need only refer to the speeches and the votes of its
members. If they wanted further evidence, I
would refer them to the remarks of a certain mem-
ber of this House who characterised the Not them
Democrats, who usually vote for preserving the
constitutional obligations imposed on them, and
who are opposed to an interference with the rights
uf the South, as "Southern slaves." He would
refer them to the remark made by a certain Aboli-
tionist of the House, IMr. Peck,] when the vote
was about being taken on laying Mr. Coles's reso-
lution on the table, "now come up you Southern
slaves, and show yourselves." Yes, sir, this was
the language applied to these patriotic, high-minded
men, who regard their constitutional obligations to
the South, who are for giving quiet to the North on
this* exciting subject, and for preventing a servile
and desolating war.
Mr. PECK here interrupted Mr. B and desired
to know if the gent'eman alluded to him.
Mr. BYNUM. I allude to a gentleman of the
name of Peck.
Mr. PECK. I can only say that if the gentle-
man alludes to me, and speaks ef my language as
coming from an Abolitionist, he says what is not
true.
Mr. BYNUM. If the gentleman is not an Abo-
litionist, there is not one in existence; all his votes
and all his speeches on that question are given in
support of the Abolition party. I believe he is
one, and will venture to say that there are not ten
members of the House who are not of the same
opinion.
Mr. PECK again interrupted Mr. B., and said it
was not true that he was an Abolitionist.
Mr. BYNUM. Dees the gentleman mean to
say that I knowingly assert what is false ?
Mr. PECK. I mean to say that the gentleman
asserts what is not true.
Mr. BYNUM. Then I say that the gentleman
is a blackguard and a scoundrel. Mr. Speaker, it
is now seen what course certain gentlemen take
when their conduct is exposed—when their votes
are brought to 1 ght in opposition to their assertions
they resort to bullying and browbeating for an an-
swer. The House will bear me witness that I ne-
ver willingly insult any one.
Mr. PECK. For the reason that he is incapa-
ble of doing so.
Mr. BYNUM here, amid loud cries of "order,
order," and, while great confusion and disorder
was prevailing, made some remarks, which were
not distinctly beard by the Reporter. He was un-
derstood, however, as calling upon the Speaker to
order "that blackguard and scoundrel" to take his
seat and not to interrupt him further.
Mr. THOMP30N of South Carolina, with great
reluc anee, rose to a question of order.   He could
not remain silent in a body, whenever conduct like
this was permitted; and he trusted that it would be
the sentiment of the House, that no excitement,
however great, justified language such as they bad
just heard.   I move, said ht, that, before tbj gen-
tleman from North Carolina is allowed to proceed,
the House take some order on the subject.
Mr. JAMESON move that the House do adjourn.
Mr. PECK called for the yeas and nays on the
motion, which were ordered; and the question was
taken, resulting in—yeas 32, nays 141.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina, then rose
and said: I waited for «ome time after the objec-
ionable language had been used by the member
from North Carolina, in hopes that the general d s-
approbation heard from all sides of the Hou.e
would have induced him to withdraw it.
Mr. BYNUM said, if the gentleman would
give way one moment, he would make an explana-
tion, which he thought would be satisfactory to
him and to the House. I admit, said Mr. B. that
my language was harsh; that it was unparliamen-
tary and unsuited to this body; but I was driven to
it by the outrageous and wanton insult that was
offered me. I therefoie most respectfully apolo-
gise to the House, and hope this explanation will
be satisfactory to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, hoped this would
satisfy the gentleman from South Carolina. The
gentleman from North Carolina had made every
explanation that the House ought to require, and
he hoped he might be permitted to proceed with hi*
remarks.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, after
some remarks, submitted to the House that the apo-
logy of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Bynum,] was not sufficient. He trusted the House
would consider it necessary for the gentleman to
withdraw the language ho applied to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. BYNUM. "Never, never!" Several voices at
the same time were heard saying "nuver, never."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said the gentle-
man from North Carolina had admitted that he
used language that was too strong, and had apolo-
gised to the House for it. This was all he thought
the House ought to ask. He thought the gentle-
man from North Carolina had done what was due
to himself, and his position as a member on that
floor, and he hoped he might be permitted to pro-
ceed with his remarks.
Mr. PETRIK1N rose, and amid loud cries of,
"order, order," said he rose to a question of order.
There was a certain set of men in that Hall who
think they can do as th y please, and are in the
habit cf jumping up and interrupting gentlemen
addressing the Chair, whenever any thing is said
that is unpalatable to them.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland calling Mr. P. to
order,
The SPEAKER desired him to make his point
of order.
Mr. PETRIKIN. I will sir. The gentleman
from North Carolina having apologised to the
House for his remarks, I move that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Peck] be reqaired by the
House to withdraw the insulting language which
called it forth. Sir, said Mr. P. we have had no-
thing but disorder here from the beginning of the
session. Have we not heard to-day two gentle-
men from New York continually interrupting the
member from North Carolina, who had the floor;
and did not one of them get up, whde be was
speaking, and make the most insulting observa-
tions to him?
Mr. JOHNSON here interrupted Mr. Pbtrikin,
and, with several others, called him to order.
Mr. PETRIKIN. Is this to be tolerated, Mr.
Speaker? Is such bear-garden conduct to be al-
lowed in this Halt?
Loud cries of "order, order," during wh'ch
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, said the
resolution he offered wat that the gentleman should
withdraw hs language.
Mr. PETRIKIN.   I want that resolution read.
The SPEAKER said, that no resolution of the
gentleman from South Carolina had been received
by the Chair.
Mr. PETRIKIN then renewed his motion.
Mr. THOMPSON said his motion had prece-
dence, and asKed that the question be put on it,
The SPEAKER was of the opinion that the re-
splutionof the gentleman of from Siulh Carolina
was not offered.
Mr. PetRikin's resolution having been re*
duced by him to writing, was here read by me
Cleric.          .                              ...         ,i
Mr. BRlrjPRs said the rule , required the gentle.
