4 50___________________________
ar.l, Spence, S ugeon, Walker, Wall, Will ams,
and Youdc—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bentcn, Ee'ts, Brown,
C« honu. Clay, of Ahbama, Clay, of Keatueky,
Ful.on, Henuenoo, Lumpkii, Mi uton, IN or veil,
Ratg'e% Srner, Strange, and Tappan—1C.
The Senate "hen adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, Janoaiy 26, 1840.
The first ors n<S3 in order was the propo-ition of
Mr. Thompson of South Carolina to amend the
ra'es, by the addition of the fallowing:
Rm,¡ td, That, upon the piesemation of any
memorial or petition praying for the abolition of
slavery or the slave trade in any DMric, Ter-
J ntory, or State of the Union, and upon the pre-en-
/ taton of any resolution, or other paper touch-
ing tint subject, the reception of such memorial,
petition, resolution, or paper, shall te considered
as ohjected to, and lb* qutttion of its reception shall
be la d on the table, without debate cr further action
theieon.
And the proposiiioa of Mr. Adams, as a substi-
tute for the above, in the following word :
Rttoiped, That the following be added to the
standing tules of th.s Hoase, to be numbered the
2M
" Every petition presented by the Speaker, or by
any member, with a biief verbal statement of lis
content*, shall be received, unless objeción be
made to i's reception for special reason; and when-
ever objection shall be made to the reiept'on of a
petition, the name of the member objecting, and
the reason of the objection, shall be entered upon
the journal. The question in eve>y such ca^e shall
be, shall tie petition be rtjtcltdl and no petnian
s ull be rtjeaed but by a majority of the n.e.flb?rs
p.< seut"
Mr JOHNSJON, of Maryland, who spuke a part
of the day on Saturday and jesterday, on the
above proposi ¡on , renewed his remark-.. Hi ar-
gued the irrpropneiy and urconstitutionality of ihe
peop'e of the NortS. a'tempting to d>pr.ve the peo-
ple of the Sooth of their slave property, -which was
rained at twelve hundred mi Lons of dollars. This
was the capital, the most available, in fart, upon
which the 8outh done all its business; and he con-
sidered that it would be equally constnut onal and
proper for this section oi country tj make move-
ments in that Hall ai.d elsewhere, to deprive the
N.'ith ot all ber manufacturing and other rapi'al,
t ,e great sources of its wealth, as for the Nonh to
«inspire, for the purpose i f t'eprivin t>e Sonih of
her iJave property. It woald be eqoa'lv a viola-
t'onrf the Constitution, and just ce, and right, in
oce case as in the other.
Mr. J. argued that it had been a blessing to the
colored race to keep them in slavery, and drew a
compar.son of their condition  ia Africa and this
county.    In the former, they were lit le more in-
telligent than the ourang cutang species; but now
th-y bad become a civilired and Christianized peo-
ple, and woald, under the dispensations of P,ovi-
d;nce, contribute to   ih« spread of  Christianity
throughout the benighted regions of their native
coun'ry. He then referred to the efforts of the State
which be in part reprrsented, to colonize the Afii-
can race; and thought ihe movements of the Aboli-
tionists had a tendency to retard ihese humane ef-
forts.   He ihen referred lo the opinions of the
people of his own district, and paruculary to the
society of Friends, who, be said, were as religious
anl as humane as the people of any other d.strict,
and were opposed to all the movements  of the
Abolitionis r.   He commented on the c u'se of
some gentlemen from the North, who, whilst tbey
were contending for the constitutional right of pe-
tition, blinked their eyes at oiher provisions of the
Cmstitntion, which a!«o secured the rights of the
people of the South in th s species of properly in-
violate—and which provisions of the Constitution
these petit oners ask them te viola'e, and th?rtby
violate (heir oa'hs.    He thorght the Representa-
tives of the North had better tell their women pe-
titioners to attend to knotting their own hose and
darning their s'ockiugs, rather than come tbete and
unsez themselves, be laid on the tabic, and sent
to    a    committM   to   be   reported   on.     He
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
considered the question of Abolition was but °ne
d-sr-e in the  rear of amalgamation.    He inti-
man d th it the people of Man land, whrn the pro- ¡
1   per time came, would defei.d their proper y to the
' last exue-oity,  and that they would not submit to
!   have it severed from them except by the sword-
Mr. J. d*elt at some length up n the re'at.ve de-
me'its of the propositions before the House, to all
ofwh'ch he was rpfosed, because they presented
I   no direct iv-ue upon which to vole; to aiuin which
1   purpose le won d offer, before takm? his seat,
t   another proposition, and called apon those epp sed
i   to the Abolitionists to vote for it, and k-11 the
I   hydra, Abolition, in an instant, in such manner that
it could not geiminate its species again; and re-
I   ferred to a precedent on record in the journal , in-
volving the sam ■ principle, that had met the sup-
port of Messrs. Adams,   Granger,   and   others,
whose support he expected to have on his proposi-
tion.
Mr. J. said, so far as this question had been con-
nected with the subject of the next Pre«idency, he
regretied it. He thought it was too important and
vital a question to the interests of the country, to
be made, in any degree, a party question. He
believed, iheugh he w*s not formerly in favor of
Harrist n, that the nomination of the Harrisburg
convention would meet the unanimous support of
the Whig party, and that ihey would rally, and
rout the Administration eand date, "horse, foot, and
I dragoons." Mr. CUy, hespid, was his first choice,
' and Qenrral Scott his second; but he would now, j
with pride and pleasure, su¡ port General Harrison ¡
for tl e Pre.-i leney.                                                    ¡
Mr. J. after having eulogized Qen. Harrison at j
some length, gave some rea ons why he thuught the
South should not oppose him.
Mr. J. on concluding, offered  the  following
amendment   to the amendment of  Mr. Adams,
' striking out all atVrthe word "resolved," and ro-
| seriing it as a subs'itute:
"Í rut no pet t on, memorial, resolution, or other
paper prating ihe t bol it ion of slave y in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or any State i r Territory, or the
sl ve trade between the Slates or Tetntor e-¡ of the
i United States in wh ch it now exist*, shall be re-
ceived by this Hou-e, or entertained ia any way
whatever."
Mr. VANDERPOEL rose, and several gentle-
men rising nearly at the same time and claiming
the floor, the Chair awardi d itto Mr. V. when
I     Mr. GIDDLNGS r seto a point of order.    He
und"ist«od    that   when   a g~n leman adliessed
i the Chair, ho must  rise in his plac.    Now the
, gentleman from New Yi rk did   not rise in  his
| piare.
i     The CHAIR said thai, accorling lo the usual
pracuce ol the Hou?e, the gentleman was entitled
to the fkor, though he rcse from a seat that was
I not his o  n.   This practice had never befoie been
objic<ed to.
Mr. BELL said there wad a stronger point of
order than that.   The question before the House   j
had not been propounded by the Chair when the  !
i gentleman aro¿e.                                                        ; I
The CHAI a then stated the question before the  \\
' Honss io be on'he amendment of the gentleman    !
¡ fr«m Maryland [Mr. Johnsun] to the atoendment
1 ofthegentlem n from Massachuset's [Mr. Adams ]
Mr. VAN DEliPOEL then immediately rose and
1 clamed the rL or.
Aft-r some e.narksfrom Mr. W. THOMPSON,
Mr. GIDDING3 totk an appeal, but  sibse-
quon'ly withdrew  it.it  havug bt en sugges ed to
bimby several of bis friends, that it was consistent
! with Ihe usual practice of the Htuse for a gpatlt-
' man to ri<e and ad Ire-;-, the Chair out of h s seat.
Mr.  DAVIS, of Kentucky, rose  to a  poiit of
ord-r.   The question he said had not been pro-
pounded by the Char,  when  the member from
New Yirk ob'aiced ibe floor.
The CHAIR said it was true, that whtn the gen-
tleman first arose, ihe question had not been pro-
pounded; but that he Chair did, after that, state the
question to the House, when the member from
New York, fist rising obtained ibe floor.                  '
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he would put it to the ¡I
conscifnces cf g'ntlemen, whether it was not high j
time that this interminable and unprofitable debate ||
should close. We had been here nearly fight
wreks, and had, as yet, done noihtng but to ehci a
Sieaker, and appiopnate between three and five
hundiet thousand dollars to pa/ our^e ve«.
[vlr. Adams here rose and uiede a p int
of order. His roint of order was' whtMher>
a^ Mr. V. had avowed his intention to move the
previous question, lie coul I be permitted to make
a spee h ] Mr. V. said he vuul I relieve the gen-
tleman from Mas-achuseits. He had only said
that he woul I "probably" move the previous ques-
tion, hut had not p siiively committed him>elf
upon that point. It was hs tight to speak,and he
should do so. if he felt ttiat the < cca«ion
r-quired it. Had he not spoken before—were
not his speeches scattered through the
pages of the debates of this House—he
wtu'd, if any gentleman could be, justihabte in
proiracting tne debate; for he had been named,
goaded, pointed at; yes, every possible eff<rt hid
been mide to provoke him into this debate, *nd
still he had forborne, from the con->ideration that
what he had thought and said on this subject,
and what he would again say, if called upon, was
on record, so that all who wi«hed to know could
know what were his sentiments upon this agi'atmg
question. I' was "not his talent to conceal his
thoughts," and his bold and early expression of
them here and at home.had, ata very early peni d,
brought him into marke t disfavor wnh ihe Aboli-
tion s s He had never wooed them; he had never
won ihrm, as many Northern politicians hat done.
To show the estimation in which they held hm,
he need only say, that though he had always
had Abolitiun'sts in hi* distrct, ih-y had
never s:nt to him one of ih ir p-tiions;
had never entrusted him with the pre entati n of
them hee. h had fallen to the lo> of other gentle-
men, h's coil-agues, who were in greater I avor
with them, to present their petitions. He well
reoollected that his " Whig" colleague [Mr Gran-
ger] who some days since tulogu-ed the Aboli-
tionists, by tellisg us that so many of item hid
poured out their blood at Lunriy's Lane and Cnip-
pewa, had here, soma thr- e or fc ur years ag \
presen' d an Ab ditii-n pet tion from his (Mr.
Vs.) d strict. He (Mr V.) had always been well
understood by them. He had always beiieved,
and always so eipress-d himself, ihit all tieir
movements were nnsshievous, incendiary, insult-
ing to our Southern bre hrea, and against the letter
and spirit of the sobran compact into wh ch we
had enured wuh them. He had here always
voted to receive their petlt-O'is; but the moment
ihey were presented, he had voted, and would
again vote, for the strongest possible measure
to reject their prayer, nail ihem to the
tabl , mingle them w.th the rubbish of
your garie', and in the s'ronga.-t mode mark
our disapprobation of th'ir oi>j ct. He wou'd not
vote for the propoM' i- n that the petit ons should
not be received, because he believed ihat it wauld
be creating a new i^S'ie, if we adopted such a pro-
position—an issue which would have the effect of
re-enforcing the Ab litioni.ts. He hid alwa' s r.sen,
he trusted he wou'd ever rise, above thems-ra-
ble at'<m ts that had here been mir'e to con-
nect this great and vital qu-sion wnh
the pitiful, ephemeral party conflcts of the day. He
had also ris±n, and woul I ever r se ab.>ve the dea
of opposing the mad fchem^s of No thern Ai'O i-
t onists fr m the narrow cons deraiion of sustain-
ing " SoulAern inttresls and Smthern institwions."
He had taken this stand against ihem, for hither
and holier purposes. Ft was to mainta n ihe in-
terests of fie Union, to fu fil our part of the cm*
p?ct, which f< rmed this confederacy oí States. N->,
it was not as a Northern man, or as a Souihein
man, that he had so long, here and at h<>me,stiug-
gled to defeat the mad tfforts of Northern
Abolition sU. It was as an American citizen, de-
termined, at all hazards, to discharge a grat and
paramount duty. As I once before remarked on
th s floor, I tell you, my Southern brethren, the
great mass of the North will fulfil the cormact to
ihe letter and spirit. We recosn sed your property
in slaves when we en'ered into solemn covenant
and union with you. We toleranly rgreed thit
they should form part of ihe basis of representa-
