CONGRESSIONAL GLOftE.
151
tita w  this   ioor,   air   trstit   w    bccom 
warren  , «KB WHOLLY UOMHmBlX TO T«K OaU.1-
C*TV NS or C iVtrUST * D OOTT,  W*   WILL   PálTH-
ítuT imm tax co*raCT. Mr. V. said he would
bow m> e «be ptevii'Us qaistioo.
Mr. RHETT asked permission it $ay a few
weeds on the subject; hat this was denied him.
Mr. RICE GARLAND then mored a call of
the Howe,  bn h ew not carrkd.
The question «u then taken on seconding the
prenout question, and it was earned.
The nreLmintrjr questiou "Shall ihe main quea-
tioa be nuw pott" was taken by yeas and mi ,
and decided in the affirmative—yeas 147, nays 61,
as follows:
TIAS-Xmbt*.   Alford, Jvdso   Aneo,   Joha  W. Altea,
■agt J. Aedseaoa,  emseoo II. Andarawv Andrawa, A| bar-
loe, ftiaka. Beany, BtirovBlajek, feackwell, Bond, Botta, Boyd,
Brewster. Aaron V Br.wo, Albert O. Brow , Burke, San.p-
anil. BuUei, WdtvamO Boiler. Bynura, W.RCamptaell,Carr,
Carroll, Gassy, I iiapesan, Oiflord, Colea, Connor, Mark A.
Cooper,Crab , Craig,Cranston,Crary.Crosa,Curtis, Cushmg,
Darn, Davse, John Da  , Jjhn W Davia, Dawson, De-
berrfJDanan, Doan, Dole, Dromgoole. Duncan, Earl, Eastman,
Kit, Fie . Fisber, Fletcher, Floyd, Femare*, Rice Garland,
Gmhi?. Serry, Goggin, Coode, Graham, Green, Griffin,
Habersham, Hammoad, Ttand, Jotin Hastings, Hawkins,
Usury, Hill or Viretma, Holleman, Hoiraei, Hook, Hopkins,
Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jowph Johoeun, Nathaniel
Janea, John \V. Joan, Keim, Kimble, Lcadbetter, Lett,
Leonard, Lew , Lowell, Lucas, McCany, McClelhm, MrCul-
ko, McKay, Maltory, Narehand, Marvin, MerhU, Mitchell,
Moouoya, Moaigoaaery, Samuel W. Moma, Calvary Morris,
JJewhard, N sbet Parish, Parmenter, Parris, Parmer, Petrikm,
Pickens, Prawiua, Pr>rJit, R unsey, Randolph, "Rariden, Rey-
nolds, Rives, Edward Rocen, James Rogers, Samuels, 8haw,
Suaooiuo, John Soma, Truman Bmuu, Thomas Smith,
Starkweather, Steearod, Strong, Stuart, Sumter, Sweeny,
Taylor, Francia Thomaa, Philip r. Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Tarney, Vanüsrpoal, David D. Waterier, Warrm, Waiter* ,
Ws'ler, Wick, Jired W. Williams, Henry Williams, Sherrod
WiV tains, anil Wonhineton—HT.
NAYi*—Messrs. Adams, Barnard, Belt, Biddte, Brim,
•rock way, Ca'houn, Chi.tende , Clark, James Cooper. Da-
vies, Ganet Davi*. D. 'ett, Edwards. Evans, Fillmore, Oates,
Granear, Grinned, Hall, W uliam 3 Hastings, Hoffman, Hunt,
Janea, Jemler, Charles Johnston, Wm CoH Johnson, Kerap-
auatt, Lawrence, Lincoln, Monroe, Morgan, Najlor, Ogle,
Pale , Peck, P,>pe, Rayner. Reed, Rhett, R,dgway, Russell,
Satlronetalt, Sergeant 3la.tr, Stanly, Stoir , Tallaferrn, Waddy
Thompson, Tillmehast, Toland. Triplets, Trumbull, Under-
void, Peter J. Warner, John White, Thomas W. Williams,
Lewis Williams, Joseph L, Williams, Christopher H. Wil-
bams,and Wise—6!.
Mr. THOMPSON rose to modify his resolution
so as to mc'ude ihe amendment of Mr. Johnsost;
hat this pipposaion was ruled to be out of o-der.
The qie>tion was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Jobkson, and it was canied—yeas 115,
LBJf 105.
The question then coming op on the amendment
of Mr. A dims as amende 1,
Mr. SMITH, of Maine, moved   the previous
the
qnesticB.
Mr. ADAMS moved a postponement of
qu'tion 'till ibe House was consumed;" that
till «he S ate of New Jeney U represented.
Tr.e CHAIR said ih s motion was not in order.
Theqatsion was then taben on the resolation
as amended, and dec drd in the affirmative—yeas
114, nays 108, a< lolli.ws:
TEAS—Messrs. Altord, Aa.lrew*, Atherton, Banks, Beime,
Black, Blackweli, Bmim, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Albert Q.
Brown, Baike, Samnson II. Butler, William O Butler, Bynum,
John Ca-npbell, William B Campbell, Carroll, Chapman,
Colas, Colquitt, Conner, Mark A. Cooper, Crabb, Craig,
Crockett, Cross, John Davis, John W. Davis, Garret Davis,
Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Dillett, Drnmg'Mle, Earl, East-
man, Fine, Fornance, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gerry,
Goggin, Graham, Graver, Green, Griffin, Habersham, Haw-
kins, Hill of Virginia. Hill of N. C. Hulleman, IlnlnKS, Hop-
kins, Hubbard. Jameson. Jenifer, Joseph Jubnmn, William
Co« Johnson, Niihaniel Jon. s, John W.Jones, Kemble, Lead-
beUST, Lewis, I.'icas, MtCarty, McClellan, McCulloh, McKay,
Madill, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Nisbet, Parish, Parns,
Petrtltin, Pickens, Po^e, Prrnti^s, PrulB', Ramsey, Rayner,
Reynolds, Knetu Rive*. James Ro?erv, rtamuels, Shaw, Albert
Smith, S-anly, Sueorud, Strong, «umter, Sweeny, Taliaferro,
Taylor, Francis 1 humas, Philip F. Thomas, Waddy Thomp-
son, Jacob Thompson, Triplet!, Tnrnev, Warrrn, Watterson,
Weller, John Whi'e. Lewis Williams, Joseph I*. WillUms.
Christopher II. Williams, Sherrod Williams, Wise, and
Wonhineton—114.
NAYií-Measrs. Adams, Jndson Allen, John W. Allen,
Bach J. Anderson, Simeon H Anderson, Baker, Barnard,
Beany, Bell, Bid-lie, Bond, Brewster, Brim, Brockway,
Anson Brown, Calhoun, Carr, Casey, Chittenden, Clark,
CuT.jrd, James Cooper, Cran«ton, Crary, Curtis, Cushing,
Dana. Davee, Edward Davie*, Doan, Doir, Duncan, Edwards,
Ely, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Fletcher, Floyd, Gates. Gen-
try. Guiding*. Ooode, Granger, Onnnell, Halí, Hand, William
S. Hasting, J. Ha*ine<. Henry, Honman, HuoiC, Howard,Hunt,
Jackson, J«mes, C. Jihnnon, Ketm, Kempshall, Lawrence,
Lee', LemiarU, Lincoln, Lowell, Mtllory, Marchand, Marvin,
Mason, Mitchell, M mroe, Morcan, Samuel W. Morns, Calvary
Morr-s, N.iylor, Newtvttd, Ode, Onborn, Palcn, Parmenter,
Parmer, Peck, Randall, R i dolph, Rariden, Reed, Ridgway,
Edward R'^ers, KoimII, aaitonstajl, Sergeant, iimontoi),
84ad«, John Smith, Trunun |fflnb, ftar¡westber, «ton ,
Stuart, TrlUnthast, Toland. Trumbull, underwood, Vendar,
poal, David D. Wagener. Peter J. Wagnar, Wick,Thoma  W.
Williams, and Henry Williams—108.
S« the le-olution, as aruenicd, was adop'ed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved a reconsidf ra-
tion of the vete taken yes'erday, au'hontiog the
Clerk to have ih* printing of the^House executed on
the cheapest terms, Ac. It was evident to the
Hou-e, be said, after mature reflection, that it
would be impossible for the Clerk to comply with
the terms of the resolution, and conform strictly to
his duty. He was anxious that it ihould be more
particulate defined in iti expressions, because ihe
Clerk is not limited either as to time, place, or extent. |
Hi* object in moving a reconsideration was to
make it mote definite. He axreed most cordially '
with the substance of that res lotion—that Is, that I
the prin iag of the House shall be done at ihe low  |
es< eipente to the Government. He should always |
go for rcuenchmrnt and reform; but he was unwil- '
in ; to yield to the Clerk th* prerogative of the
House to make its o vn contracts. Much as he
admired the late manly and candid course taken
by that ofiVer he was unwilling to give to him the
unlimited disereton, or to impose on him the re-
sponsibility contemplated by ihe resolution. If the
House would permit him, he would read a r, solu-
ion which he proposed to offer if the reconsidera-
tion prevailed; and it would then be seen whether
those gentlemen wbo were so anxious for economy,
and for separating the printing of the House from
the political fres-, were w.llmg to carry out their
professions. Mr. D. then read bis amendment as
fol'ows:
Jtcsvlscal, That this Hcn<* will now proceed to
the election of a Public Printer, who shall proceed
to execate the printing of this House agreeably to
the requirement end compensation of existing
laws, until such laws are modified by ihf legisla-
tion of Congress; and in the mean time, a commit-
tee of seven members sh ill be appointed by the
Chair, who shall, witbia twenty-one legislative
days from the date of their appointment, report to
this House what amendment*, if any, are neces-
s ry to the m^re prompt, perfect, and economical
execution of ihe printing of Congres ; whether the
same should be let out to rontract, or whether it
would be more expedient to execute the same by a
Congressional Printing House, press and type be-
longing to Congress, and subject to us superinten-
dence.
Mr. DAVIS then moved the previous question
on the ret onsideration, and the motion being se-
conded by the Hou«e,
Mr. RICE GARLAND called for the yeas and
nays on the main question, v. hich being ordeied,
the roll was called over, and it was found that there
were—jeas 110, nays 106.
YEAS—Messrs. Ju.lson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Ather-
ton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Blackweli, Boytl, Brewster,
Aaron V Bruwn, Albeit G. Brown, Burke, Sampson II. But.
ler, William O. Butler, Bvnum, Carr, Carroll, Chapman,
Clifford. Coles, Conner, Mark A. tJooper, Craig, Crary, Cross,
Dana, Davee, John Davis, John W. Davia, Doan, Doir, Dram-
goole. Duncan, Earl, Easiman, Ely, Fine, Fisher, Fletcher,
Floyd, Fornance, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, John Has-
tines, Hawkins, John Hill, ofN. C. Holleman, Howard, Hub-
hard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
Keim, 'Kemble, Lealhetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell,
Lucas, HrClellan, McCulloh, McKay, Mailer?, Mar-
chand, Medill, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Samuel W.
Morns,Newhard, Parish, Parmenter, Pains,Parmer, Petrikin,
Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rhett, Kives, E.lward Roger?,
J Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, A. Smith, J. Smith, Thomas Smith,
Starkweather, Steenroa, Strong, Sumter, Sw eny, Taylor, F.
Thomas, P. F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vender,
pnel, David D. Wacener, Wattcrson, Well r, Wick, Ja ed W.
Williams, Henry Williams, and Wonhineton—110.
NaYS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, John W. Allen, Simeon IT.
Anderson. An Irews, Baker, Barnard, Bell, Bi.ldle, Bond, Boll ,
Bilge , Bmckway, Anion Brown, Calhoun, William B.
Campbell Casey, Chittenden, Clark, Jimes Cooper, Crabh,
Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cushing, Davie , Garret Davis,
Dawson, Deberry, Dillett, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Fillmore,
James Garland, Rice Garland, Gales, Geptty, Gidtlinzs, Goe.
gin, Goode, Graham, Granger, Graves, Green, Grinned, Ha-
bersham. Hall, William S. Hastings, Henry, John Hill, of
Va. Hoffman, Hook, Hopkins, Hunt, James. Jenifer, Charles
Johnston. William Cost Johnson, Kempshall, Lawrence,
Lincoln, McCarty, Marvin. Mason, Mitchell, Morgan, Calvary
Morris, Naylor, Nisbet Ogle, Osborne Palen, Peck, Pope,
Proffit, Randall, Randolph Rariden, Rayner, Reed, Ridgway,
Rurs'll, Saltonstal', Sergeant, Simonton, lade, Truman Smith,
Stanly, Storrs, Stuart, Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson, Tilling.
hast, Toland, Triplett Trumbull, Underwood, Peter J. Wagner,
Warren, John White. Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams,
Jo«eph L. Williiim, Christopher U. Williams, Sherrod Wil-
liams, and Henry A. Wise— 10Í,
The question then incurring uron the adoption
cf tb« reauJn'iun,
Mr. GRAVES asked cf lbs 6mukxr, if he wae
In possession, of a commuDicatiaa from Messrs.
Gales and Seaton, on the subject of the public
printing.
The SPEAKER replying in the iffirmaiive.
Mr. GRAVES submitted the following resolu-
tion:
JZetolacat,That the whole subject of pubic print-
ing, together wnh the communication lately re-
ceived from Gales and Seaton en that subject, be
teft rred to a select committee, to inquire iuto the
best plan of executing the same, and to report by
bill or otherwise; and that the priati- g which has
been, or may heiealter be ordered, be executed in
all thing*, except prices, in the manner pie-cribed
by the joint resolution of Congress relating t,« that
matter, approved March 3, 1819; and the Clerk of
this House, under the supervision and control of
the Commute  rf Account*, is hereby authorize!
to make a contract or rontrac s, with some suita-
ble person or peftoni, lo execute said work, upon
the best terms it can be done in the D str.ct of Co-
lumbia, provided the prices shall not exceed thore
fixed by the aforesaid joint resolut on of 1819.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked if it was in order for
the gentleman from Kentucky to move the refe-
rence of a paper not in the possession of the
House.
The SPEAKER said it wis net in order;
when
Mr. GRAVES modified his amendment, by
s rikmg cut all that part relating to the communi-
cation of Gales and S*aton.
Mr. JAMESON rose to a point of order. The
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] he sjhI,
moved a reconsideration .of th? vote takes yester-
day, which reconsideration was ordered by the
House. But the gentleman, on making the mo
lion, stated that his object was, if the reconsidera-
tion prevailed, to offer an amendment, the purp rt
of wh ch he stated to the House. The voie, there-
for , for reconsideration, was given with th;
understanding that this proposition of the gentle-
man from Indiana was to be received and acted oa,
and it was not compe ent for the Chair to entertain
another and distinct proposition as had bMB offered
by the gentleman from Kentucky.
TheSPE\KER required the gentleman from
Miss uri to reduce his p^int ot order to writiag;
but at this stfge of the business,
Mr. JAMESON yielded the floor toa motion for
adjournment, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, January 29, 1840.
The CHAIR submitted a communication from
the War Department, in answer to a resolution of
the Senat* ot the 30ih ult- in relation to the massa-
cres and devastations committed by the Indians in
the Territory of Florida; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
The CHAIR also submitted a message from the
President of the United States, supplementary to a
message received a few days since, in answer to a
resolution of the Senate, on the subject of the
Northeastern boundaiy. Tbe message was read,
and was as follows:
To the Señale of the United SUHet:
I herewith transmit to the Senate, with reference
to their resolutions of the 17th instant, copies of
two official notes which have passed, subsequently
to the date of nay message of the 93d, between the
Secretary of State and the B itish Minisier at
Washington, containing additional information in
answer to tbe resolutions refeir«d to.
M. VAN BUREN.
WASniKOTON, 29th January, 1840.
Mr. Fot to Mr. Forsyt*,
Washington, January 26, 1840.
The undersigned, her Britannic Majesty's Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, has
ihehororto acquaint Mr. For.-yth, Secretary of
State of the United S ates, that since the date of
his la«t official note of the 12th instant, he b«j,ee"
f'Wikel by her Majesty's authorities in  < tf>
America with more corieot information than be
ib R possessed., W«p««t¡nj certain reportel move-
