isa
ments of British troops within the disputed teni-
tory, which formed the subject of a part of that
official note, ae well as of the two official notes ad-
dressed by the Secretary of State to the undersigned
on the 24 h of December, and on the 16th of the
present month. The same reported movements of
troops were referred to in a recent message from
the Governor of Maine to the Legislature of the
Sute, and also in a published official letter ad-
dressed by the Governor of Mame to the President
of the United S;ates, on the 23d of December.
It appears from accurate information now In the
possession of the undersigned, that the Governor
of Maine, and, through him, the President, and
General Government of the United States, have
been misinformed as to the facts. In the first
place, no reinforcement has been marched to the
British post at the Lake Temiscouata, the only
change occurring there has been the relief of a de-
tachment of her Majesty's 24th regiment, by a de-
tachment of equal force of the 11th regiment; this
force of one company being now stationed at the
Temiscouata post, as it always has been, for the
necessary parpóse of protecting the stores and ac-
commodations provided for the use of her Majesty's
troops, who may be required, as heretofore, to
march by that route to and from the Provinces of
Canada and New Brunswick. la the second
place, it is not true that the British authorities
either have built, or are bnilding, barracks on both
sides of the St. Johns river, or at the month of the
Madawaska river; no new barracks have in fact
been built any where. In the third place, her Ma-
jesty's authorities are not coneentrat-ng a military
force*t the Grand Falls. The same trifling force
of sixteen men is now stationed at the post of the
Grand Falls, which has been stationed there for
the last twelvemonth. It was perhaps, however,
needless for the undersigned to advert to this last
matt r at all, as the post of the Grand Falls is be-
yond the bounds of the disputed territory, and
wiihin the acknowledged limits of New Bruns-
wick.
The undersigned, while conveying the above in-
formation, upon a matter of fact, to the Secretary
of State of the United Stabs, takes occasion to
repeat distinctly his former declaration, that there
exists no intention on the part of Her Majesty's
authorities to infringe the terms of tbo.-e provisional
agreements which were entered into at the begin-
ning of last year, so long as there is reason to trust
that the same will be faithfully adhered to by the
the opposite party. Bat it is the duty of ihe under-
signed, at the same time, clearly to state, that her
Majesty's authorities in North America, takmg into
view the attitude assumed by the State of Maine,
with reference to the boundary question, will, as at
present advised, be governed entirely by ci ream-
stances in adopting such measures of de'ence and
protection, (whether along the confines of the dis-
puted territory, or within that portion cf it where
it has been before explained, the authority of Great
Britain according, to the existing agreements, was
not to be interfered with,) as may seem to them ne-
cessary for guarding against, or for promptly re-
pelling, the farther acts of hostile aggression over
the whole of the disputed territory, which it appears
to be the avowed design oí the State of Maine
sooner or later to attempt.
For the undersigned has to observe, that net only
is the extensive system of encroachment, which
was denounced and remonstrated against by the
undersigned in his official note of the 2d of laU
November, still carried on and persisted in by
armed bands, employed by the authorities of Maine
in the districts above the Aroostook and   Fish
rivers; but that acts, as above stated, of a charac-
ter yet more violent and obnoxious to the rights of
Great Britain, and more dangerous to the preserva-
tion of the general peace, are with ceriainty medi-
tated by the inhabitants of that Sate.   The exist-
ence of such designs has for months past been a
matter of notoriety by public report; those designs
were plainly indicated in the recent message of the
Governor of Aiaine to the Legislature of the State;
and they are avowed in more explic t terms in the
letter addre-sed  to the President of the  United
States by the Governor of Maine on. the 21st of
Neronber, which Jet|f,r'iw* within the tast few -
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
days, been communicated to Congress, and pub-   '
libhed.
The undersigned, it is true, has been assured by
I   the Secretary of State, in his note of the 16th inst.
i   that the General Government see no reason to doubt
i   the disposition of the Governor of Maine to adhere
to the existing arrangements, and to avoid all acti
tend ng to render more difficult and distant the
I   final adjustment of the boundary question.   But in
'   face of the above clear indicalisns of the intentions
j   of Main , as given out by the parties themselves,
the Secretary of State has not given to the under-
signed any adequa'e assurance that Maine will be
i   constrained to desist from carrying those intentions
'   into effect, if, contrary to the expectation of the
General Government, the Legislature or the Ex-
ecutive of the State should think fit to make the at-
tempt.
The undersigned not only preserves the hope,
j   but he entertains the firm belief, that if the duty of i
|   negotiating the boundary question be left in the |
j   hands of the two National Governments, to whom j
I   alone of right it belongs, the difficulty of conducting
the negotiation to an amicable issue will not be j
I   found so great as has been by many persons appre-
'   hended.   But the case will become wholly altered,
1   if the people of the State of Maine, who, though
interested in the result, are not charged with the
negotiation, shall attempt to interrupt it by vi-
olence.
Her Majesty's authorities in North America
have, on their part, no desire or intention to inter-
fere with the course of the pending negotiation, by
an exertion of military force; but they will, as at
present advised, consult their own discretion in
adopting the measures of defence that may be ren-
dered necessary by the threats of a violent inter-
ruption to the negotiation which have been used by
all parties in Maine, and which the undersigned
regrets to find confirmed by the language (as above
referred to) employe! by the highest official autho-
rity in that State.
The undersigned avails himself of this occasion
to renew to the Secretary of State of the United
Stales the assurance of his distinguished considera-
ton.
(Signed)                               H. S. FOX.
The Hon. John Forsyth, &c &c. &c.
Mr- Fortyik to Mr. Fox.                       ■
Department of State,                       i
Washington, 28 h Jan. 1840.
The undersigned, Secretary of State of the United
States, has the honor to reply, by direction of the  !
President, to  the note addressed to  him on the
26th instant, by Mr.  Fox, Envoy Extraordinary
and Minuter Plenipotentiary of Great Britain.          i
The President derives great satisfaction from
the information conveyed by Mr. Fox's note, that
with reference to the reported movements of BritMi
troops wiihin the territory in dispute, no actual
change has taken place in the attitude of her Ma-
jesty's authorities in the territory since the arrange-
ments entered into by the two Governments at the
commencement of last year for ihe preservation of
tranquillity within its limit-; and from his assur-
ances that there exists no intention on the part of her
Majesty's authorities to infringe the terms of those
arrangements, so long as they are faithfully ob-
served on the side of the United States. The Pre-
sident, however, cannot repress a feeling of regret
that the British colonial authorities, without graver
motives than the possibility of a departure from the
arrangements referred to by the State of Maine,
should take upon themselves the discretion, and,
along with it, ihe fearful responsibility of probable
consequences, of being guided by circumstances,
liable as these are to be misapprehended and mis-
judged, in the adoption wiihin the disputed terri-
tory of measures of defence and precaution, in
manifest violatioa of the understanding between
the two countries, whenever they may imagine that
acts of hostile aggression over the disputed terri-
tory are meditated or threatened on the part of the
Slate of Maine. The President cannot but hope
that, when her Majesty's Government at home
shall be apprised of the position assumed in this
regard by its coloniel agents, proper steps will ta-
ken to place the performance of express and so- •
____________________________                                -■               —        --------1-------------•*•------—---------------■---------—------L-----------L_H------M.
lemn agreements upon a more secure basis than
colonial discretion, to be exercised on apprehended
disregard of such agreement on the part of the
State of Maine.
It is gratifying to the President to perceive that
Mr. Fox entertains the firm belief that thejdifficulty
of conducting to an amicable issue the pending ne-
gotiation for the adjustment of the question of
boundary is not f o great as has, by many persons,
been apprehended. As, under a corresponding con-
viction, the Uniied States have, wiih a view to the
final settlement of that exciting ques ion, submitted
a proposition for the consideiation of her Majesty's
Government, the President hopes that the senti-
ments expressed by Mr. Fox have their founda-
tion in an expectation of his having it in his power
at an early day to communicate to this Govern-
ment a result of the deliberaticns had by that of
her Britannic Majesty upon the proposition alluded
to, which will present the prospect of a prompt and
satisfactory settlement, and which, when known by
the Sta'e of Maine, will put an end to all grounds
of apprehensions of intentions or disposition on her
part to adopt any measures calculated to embar-
rass the negotiation, or to involve a departure from
the provis.onal arrangements. In the existence of
those arrangements, the United States behold an
earnest of the mutual desire of the two Govern-
ments to divest a question, abounding in causes of
deep and growing excitement, of as much as possi-
ble of the asperiiy and hostile feel ng it is calcu-
lated to engender; but unless attended with ihe
most scrupulous observance of the spirit and letter
of their provisions, it would prove but one more
cause, added to the many already prevailing, of
enmity and discord. Mr. Fox has already been
made the channel of conveyance to his Govern-
ment of the desire and determination of the Presi-
dent that the obligations of the country shall be
faithfully discharged: that desire is prompted by a
sense of expediency as well as of justice, and by
an anxious wish to preserve the amicable relations
now, so manifestly for ihe advantage of both, sub-
sisting between the United States and Great
Britain.
The undersigned avails h>mself of the occasion
to renew to Mr. Fox assurances of his distin-
guished consideration.
(Signed)                       JOHN FORSYTH.
Henry S. Fox, esq. &c. <&c. &c.
Mr. WILLIAMS said that as an extra number
of the document, to which this was a supplement,
had been printed, he would move that five thou-
sand extra copies be printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON presented the petition of Sey-
mour Treat, assignee of John Vanetten, a Cana-
dian volunteer during the late war, praying to be
allowed the pay and bounty land to* which said
Vanetten was entitled; which was referred to the
Commitee on Claims.1
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of William
Ramsay, praying arrears of pay due him, and an
allowance for certain expenses granted by the De-
partment, and afterwards revoked; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of the
widow of Jonas Snow, a soldier of Ihe Revolution,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Pent-ions.
Mr. WALL presented the petition of a number
of citizens of New Jersey, praying an appropri-
ation for placing buoys in the south channel of
Little Egg Hatbor; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which the subject was referred, re-
ported a bill to authorize the "Iron Mountain
Company" to enter on a credit a quantity of land
to aid ihe company in the construction of a railioad
from the Iron mountain, in the State of Missouri,
to the Mississippi river, and for other purpose*;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which was refened a bill for ihe relief of
the administrator of Joseph Edson, repoited the
same without amendment, aud wi h a recommen-
dation that it do not pass.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, to
which was referred a bill for the more easy col.'ec-
