8ONGRÉSSÍ0NAL GLOÍlíL
153
tiom of small bank notes wiihin the Dis'rict of Co-
lombia, reported the same wiihout amendment.
Mr. W. also, f om the same committee, reported
as a substitute for the lart mentioned bill, a bill for
the collection of bank notes of and under twenty
dollars, issued by banks wjthin the District of Co-
lumbia; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. STRANGE, from the Comm ttee on the
Judiciary, to which the subject was referred, re-
poned a bill for the relief of Thomas L. Winthrop
and others, directors of the association called the
New England Mississippi Land Company; which
was read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the corpo-
rate authorities of the city of Mobile; which was
read aad ordered to a second reading.
The following resolution, submitted some days
since by Mr. WEBSTER, was taken up:
Jbsoicerf, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire whether the law respecting
vessel* propelled by steam, does not require revi-
sion and amendment.
Mr. W. explained his reasons for submitting the
motion, and suggested several points for the con-
sideration of the committee-
Mr. GRUNDY said he was much gratified that
the Senator from Massachusetts bad moved in this
matter. He thought this was a subject that re-
quired the exercise of the whole power we pos-
sessed over it; and he, for one, was for exercising
that power. He would suggest, however, to the
honorable Senator, the propriety of reducing the
several points touched upon in his remarks as pro-
per for the consideration of the committee, to writ-
ing, so that we might have an answer to each se-
parate proposition; and the committee could re-
port by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WEBSTER said he wonld most cheerfully
acquiesce in the Senator's sugges'ion; and the reso-
lution was accordingly laid on the table untd to-
morrow.
BOARD OF COMMIS3IONERS.
The bill to establish a board of commissioners to
hear and examine claims against the United States
was taken up on its third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. YOUNG said he was instructed by the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, to ask that the orders
of the day might be postponed, for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill for the continuation of
the Cumberland road, in the Sta'e* of Oh'o, In-
diana, and Illinois, (appropriating #150,000 in
each of these States for that purpose,) with the ob-
ject of making it a special order; which, after some
remarks from Messrs. YOUNG, SMITH, of In-
diana, TAPPAN and GRUNDY, in favor, and
Messrs. CLAY, of Alabama, and HUBBARD, in
opposition, was agreed to—ayes 25, noes 12.
The bill was then, on motion of Mr. YOUNG,
made the special order of the day for Wednesday,
the 12th of February.
NAVY PENSIONS.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, the bill to re-
peal certain a:ts respecting navy pensions, and
making further provisions in relation io navy pen-
sions was taken up.
Mr. WILLIAMS expjained and advocated the
provisions of the bill; when, on motion of Mr.
SOUTHARD, it was postponed and made the or-
der of the day for Monday next.
Mr. PRESTON submitted thj following resolu-
tion; which, by unanimous consent, was consider-
ed and agrerd to:
Rmlnd, That the Secretary of the Navy furn'sh
the Senate with the names of all officers of the
navy who were ad mined to the roll of pensions be-
tween the JOt  day of June, 1800, the day that
the act of the 23d April, 1800, for the betfer go-
vernment of the navy, went into operation, and
the first day of January, 1837, designating those
who were admitted for disabilities, oscasioned by
T0*™ «reivei in battle, from those who were
disabled  from  other  cause?;   also,   designating
¿fu lre.ín*deíSree of disability in cachease,
and the battle in which such officer was wound  d
or the occasion, or accident by which he was othe¿
wise disabled; also, the rank of the officers afore-
said at tbe time d sabi'i'y occurred, and the natuie
of the service or particular station occupied by
each individual at the time he may have been
wounded, or otherwise injured in the line of his
duty, together with the per month pension granted
in each case.
Tbe-fciíí to transfer to the citizens of the parish
of Concordia, in the State of Louisiana, the in-
terest of the United States to a certain tract of
land;
Tbe till to authorise the issuing of a_j)atent to
the heirs or legal representatives of Francis Rivard,
deceased;
The bill confirming certain land claims in Loui-
siana; and
The bill for the relief of Obed P. Lacey, were
severally considered, as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading-.
The Senate then went into the consideration of
Executive business,
And then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, January 29,1840.
The question pending when the House adjourned
on yesterday, was the point of order raised by Mr.
Jameson as to the right of Mr. Graves to ofTer the
resolution below, the rules having been suspended
for a specific purpose. The following is the reso-
lution of Mr. Graves:
Resolved, That the whole subject of public punt-
ing, together wiih the communication lately re-
ceived from Gales and Seaton on tha t subject, be
referred to a select committe, to inquire into the
best plan of executing the same, and to report by
bill or otherwise; and that the printing which has
been, or may hereafter be ordered, be executed in
all things, except prices, in tbe manner prescribed
by the joint resolution of Congress relating to that
matter, approved March 3, 1819, and the Clerk of
this House, under tbe supervision and control of
the Committee of Accounts, is hereby anthorized
to make a contract or contracts, with some suita-
ble person or persons, to execute said work, upon
the best terms it can be done in the Distiict of Co-
lumbia, provided the prices shall not exceed those
fixed by the asoresaid joint resolution of 1819.
Mr. PARMENTER, by the permission of the
gentleman entitled to the floor, asked leave to pre-
sent to the House a petition from the Third Con-
gressional district of Massachusetts, contest ng the
right of Mr. Baker to hold a seat on this floor, and
praying an investigation into the matter.
Object'on being made to its reception,
Mr. PARMENTER said he would not, at that
time, press a suspension of the rules to enable him
to offer it.
Mr. CURTIS also made an attempt to present
a petition, bet it was a'so objected to.
Mr. JAMESON then reduced his point of order
to writing, and was as follows:
"The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis]
moved the reconsideration of a vote given on yes-
terday upon a resolution requiring the C'erk to
contract tor the printing of the House upon the
cheapes««rms, lor the purpose of introducing ano-
ther proposition on that subject, which was lead to
the House; the motion to reconsider was carried;
that being announced by the Chair, the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] and the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Graves,] rose at the same
time, and addressed the Speaker. The Speaker
announce 1 the gentleman from Kentucky as be-
ing entitled to the fl.^or, and entertained a proposi-
tion from that gentleman, different to the one read
by tbe gentleman from Indiana; upon which state-
ment of fac's the following point of order is raised,
to wit: That the gentleman from Indiana i¿¡ enti-
tled to the flror for the purpose of introducing the
proposition, which he announced to the honorable
House he would introduce, if the motion to recon-
sider was adopted."
Mr. JAMESON sa'd, in looking over the jour-
nal, he found that it had been the invariable prac-
t'ce of the Hou«e, when the rules had been sus-
pended on the motion of a gentleman, for a specific
object, the floor was always given by the Speaker
t~> the gentleman who made the motion. Common
courtesy, independent of justice and right, would
entitle that gentleman to the floor. Should the op-
posite or the praciice ol.tain, those who voted for a
suspension of the rules for a specific proposition
would be entrapped. He did not believe that that
practice had ever been departed from, until yester-
day; and if it should be carried out, it would, in his
opinion, lead to very bad results; members would
alwats be voting in the dark. The gentleman who
made the propostion yesterday, [Mr. Davis of In-
diana.] read to the House the proposition he in-
tended to offer, and moved the reconsideration of
a rote to enable him to submit it; but a combination
had been formed to deprive that gentleman of
the floor, after the vole had been reconsidered.
Such combinations might be formed on every o.her
question, and defeat the purpose of the suspension
or reconsideration as it might be. On this occa-
sion, the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Graves,] and the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] all rose
at the same time, but the gentleman from Ken-
tucky got immediately in front of the gentleman
from Indiana, and the Speaker awarded the flocr
to him, and his proposition being ruled out of order,
Mr. Wise handed over his proposition to him.
Thus it will be seen that adroit members, under
the Speaker's decis'on, will have the best chance;
and that if sustained, the Speaker can give the
floor to those whose propositions he favors, and
thus direct the legislation of Congress. These gen-
tlemen, he said, had been the most fortunate this
session in catching the Speaker's eye, and hence
they have directed the legislation to a great ex-
tent He called upon the young members whose
rights might be abridged by those who were pos-
sessed of so much adroitne-s and tact in obtaining
the floor to beware how they retained this de-
cision.
Mr. DUNCAN moved the previous question on
the appeal,which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered.
Mr. R. GARLAND demanded the yeas and
nay.*, which were ordered, and were—yeas 104,
nays 92.
So the decision of the Speaker was sustained.
Mr. GRAVES then addressed the House on his
preposition, and in the course of his remarks he
gave way to
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
"And into the expediency of entirely separatirg
the patronase from the newspaper or public press
of the country."
Mr. PARMENTER, in answer to some of Mr.
Graves's remarks in reference to the price of the
printing done for the Massachusetts Legislature,
said that he had no doubt bat the gentleman
was correct as to the prices, but that it ought to be
recollected that the amount of it was comparative-
ly so small, that there were many* large establish-
ments in Boston who could perform it as incidental
to their general business. Public print ng could bs
dore much lower in B< stoa than here, as well fur
the reason he had mentioned as from tbe circum-
stance that the comprsi'ion wss principally per-
formed by females who worked for considerably
less than what was paiJ here. He would add,
that, in his experience in the Massachusetts Legis-
la'ure, he had often known that body to be sub-
ject to much embarrassment and delay of business
in consequence of their printing not being done in
time.
Mr. DAVIS said thtt be'or* he proceeded, be
des'red to know whether it was in order for him to
offer an amendment to the proposition of the gen-
tlemaa from Kentucky, [Mr. Graves ]
The SPEAKER replied that it was net. The
que-t'on was on ihe amendment s-ibmittid by the
gent'em-.n fnm Louis'ana, [Mr. Garland.]
Mr. DAVIS desired to know whether it was
compet?nt for the gentleman from Ke tucky, the
gentleman from Lou sisna, and ihe Speaker, to
decide what proposition is tefore the Hi usa, with-
out its knowledge and consent.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, called Mr. x>.
toordtrjwben                         ,       r     <..„„„__
Mr. DAVIS disclaimed any intention of impugn-
