154                ^___________
S.I-,                 ....                                                               ■        =
ing the motives of the Chair. He asked for in-
formation, whether a gentleman «ho had the flo< r
on a proposi ion he bad submitted, coulJ alK w
another to offer an amendment to it without its be-
ing stated to the Hou e, and thus cat off all otaer
amendmen s.
Mr. CRAIG made a few observations which
were not distinctly heard—but he was understood
to contend that the amendment of the gentleman
from Louisiana was not and could not be before
the Home—it having been offered while a gentle-
man was addressing the House, by his yielding the
floor, and it not having been propounded by the
Chair. He paid that it was competent for the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to receive the proposit oq of
the gentleman from Louisiana as a modification,
and make it part of his prop sition. It would then,
being part of the original proposition, be subject to
an amendment.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana contended that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky had no right to yield the
floor to the gentleman from Louisiana to offer an
amendment, and then immediately go on wiih his
remaiks. The gentleman could not in this way
offer an intendment, without the consent of the
House, and the amendment was not propounded
to the House by the Cnair. If this decision was
sustained, the Hou*e would perceive that any two
gentlemen could combine together, and, in this
way, cut off all amendments. It was known, Mr.
D. said, that he was about to offer an amendment
from the fact of his haviog moved Ihe reconsidera-
tion; and this amendment of the gentleman from
Louisiana, if it was sustained by the Chair, pre-
cluded him from doing it.
Mr. BRIGGS suggested that Ihe proposition of
the gentleman from Kentucky was, of itself, an
' amendment to an amendment; and th-refere, it was
not competent ei her for the gentlrman from Lou-
isiana or the ge. tleman from Indiana to mote to
amend it.
Mr. DAVIS aprehended that the gentleman from
Massachusetts, with all his acknowledged know-
ledge if parliamentary law, was in an error. The
House bad adopted a certain rule, and no matter
whether it had been t mended or not, before its
adoption, it stood on the record as a rule of the
House. He had moved a reconsideration, and
that motion prevailing, the whole role and not ihe
amendment came np for for reconsideration.
Mr. WISE understood the facts to be these:
There was a substantive proposition adopted in re-
la'ioa to the public printing. The gt ntleman from
Indiana [Mr. Davis] voted in the affirmative, an 1
ye-terday moved a reconsideration of the vote
adopting it, which reconsideration prevailed. What,
then, was the substantive proposi'ion before the
Hoar? Why it was the proposit on of ihe gentle-
man ftom O no that wasadopttd as an amend-
ment. When, therefore, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky introduced his proposition, he introduced it
as an amendment to an amendment, and, there-
fore, neither the gentlrman from L^ui-iana, nor
the get.tleman from Indiana could move to smei.dit.
Mr. VANDEHPOtL sail ihe matter struck h m
dffennlly. It was a resolution of the gentleman
from Virginia, in which was incorporated an
amendment that was offered by ihe gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] that was adopted; and the
motif n of the gendeman fr.m Indiana was a pro-
position to reconsider that resolution as a whole,
and n >t a ran of it. It was clear that this was the
understanding of both the gentlemen from Ken-
lucky and Louisiana.
Mr. DAVIS. In order to set that mafer right,
I ask if it be in oider to amend the proposition of
the gentleman from Ken lucky.
The SPEAKER said it was not. The amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Garland, | had precedence.
Mr. VANDERPOEL appealed from the deci-
sion of the Chair.
Mr. WADÜY THOMPSON said he objected to
the gentleman's rtaking a point of order without
reducing it to writing.
Mr. VANDEKPOEL. It is not a point of crder,
bat an appeal from the decision of the Chair; and
I ask the g a leman from South Carolina i' he ran
find vty authority in rarlwownWiry law, or ihe
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rules of the House, for requiring a member to re-
dace an appeal to writing. Mr. V. then stated the
grounds on which he took the appea'.
[Here several voices were heard saying it is too
late now 10 appeal ]
Mr. VANDERPOELsaid the objection was made
the very first opportunity that occurred. He did not
wish to interrupt the gentleman from Kentucky
while he was speaking, though he knew it was oat
of order for him to yield the door merely for the
purpose of having an amendment offered, but he
made ihe objection as soon as that gentle-
man had concluded. He contended that the objec-
tion was made in time, and that it was not in
the power cf one gentleman to bargain away the
rights of others to his favorites. The abuses to
which this practice would lead were obvious.
One gentleman, in the midst of his speech, yields
the floor to another, who requests him to do so;
that member offers his amendment, makes a long
speech, and, in his turn, yields the floor to the
friend who had so kindly accommodated him.
Thus, (sad Mr. V.) by the bland courtesy of two
gentlemen towards each other, they mght control
the business of the House. Now, he would put it
to the common sense of the House whether this
practice was to be tolerated? What were the rules
of the Houie founded on, if not on reason and
common sense? and he would ask if this dangerous
practice was consistent with either? He denied the
right of the gentleman from Kentucky lo yield the
floor to another, for the purpose of letting in
an amendment. If ihe gentleman had yielded
the floor, and accepted ihe proposition of
the gentleman from Louisiana as a mo-
dification, and he begg.;d the House to mark
the distinction, it would have been in order,
and consistent with the usual custom of the House;
for a prop i>i ion accepted as a modification, be-
comes part of the primitive prorx sition, and is sus-
ceptible of amendment; but an amendment let in
in this irregular way, without the consent of the
Hous?, cut off all amendments that others might
wish to offer.
Mr. R. GARLAND con'ended that it was per-
fectly in order for him to move the amendment
by the permission of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky who was enti led to the floor. He
denied that the gentleman from Indiana had a' right
to complain as it he had not offered the amendment,
any other gentleman might have tisen and ub ained
the floor before htm, and thus cut off his amend-
ment. If gentlemen did not like his amendment,
all they had to do was to vote it down.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, was net
surpri-ed that a young member like the member
from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] should have objsc ed
to the decision of ihe Chair, but he confessed that
he was macli astonished that an old member, of
the intelliget.ee of the gentleman ftom New York,
and who was one of the leaders of his par'y, fhould
risk his high reputation by such an absurdity as
taking an appeal from it. What was the gentle-
man's proposition? Not that the amendment * as
not in order, but that it was moved by a sort of
concert between the gentleman from Kentucky
and the gentleman fiom Louisiana. The gentle-
man complained of the arrangement. Why, did
not the gentleman know that no such an arrange-
ment was binding on the House, and that when a
gentleman yielded the floor, for the purpose of of-
fering an amendment, any gentleman who could
get up before him had tne tight to clam it.
Mr. SMITH, of Maine, observed ihat the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Thompson] ex-
pressed himself as perfectly astounded that an old
member uf the intelligence and stand,ng 01 the gen-
t eman from New York, should be willing to risk
his reputation by committing such an ab>urdity as
appealing from the decision of the Chair, which
vas under consideration.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, rose to
explain. He was surprised ihat a gentleman of
the intelligence of the gentleman from New York,
should have taken tKe appeal, but he would not
have been surprised if the gentleman from Maine
had done it.
Mr. SMITH, of Maine, continued. The gen-
tleman ftom South Carolina, lie said, ht-d not
-i   -i i   i       i'   M111 ¡i i i     i                         ......'*" i t
added to the point of his remarks, and his attempt
at w t was perfecily lost on him, (Mr. S ) Tne gen*
tleman would not have been surprised had the ap-
peal been made by a young nVmber like the gentle-
man fromilid ana, but was surprised and astounded
that it ihn'uld have been made by a gentleman of
the experience and intelligence of the gentleman
from NewYo;k. Now (fatd Mr.S.) this young
member from Indiana is [an older member, on this
floor, than ihe chivalrous gentleman from South
Carolina.
Mr. THOMPSON here called the gentleman
from Maine to order.
Mr. SMITH, of Maine. The gentleman will
put his point of order in writing.
Mr THOMPSON then reduced h;s point of order
to writing, as follow;:
" The member from South Carolina calls the
member from Maine to order, because no mem-
ber has a right to allude to another by name, cr to
speak of him otherwise than as the horn rab.e gen-
tleman. The member from South Carolina object*
to the term 'chivalrou? being applied to him, and
especially by the gentleman (rom Maine."
The SPEAKER said that the point raised by ths
gentleman from South Carolina was no point of
order, and that the gentleman from Maine, ihete-
fore, was not out of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Maine, asked that the point of
order made by the gentleman might be read; and it
was then read accordingly.
Mr. S. continue.! He did not expect, he said,
so high a compliment from the eenilemin as that
he should have objected to h;s calling him the chi-
valrous gentleman. Now would not the gentle-
man haveobjeced to his app yirg to him the term
"unchival:oos?" If he had done so, he did not
know what might have been the consequence. The
gentleman would pethaps have stared up, armed
with pnto's, bow.e knives, and ether mortal wea-
p ns. If the ger.t.eman objected to his alluding to
hira in so complimentary a manner, he hardly
knew how he could please him; but if he wouíd
only te'l him how to designate him in future, I e
would do so with pleasure.
If the gentleman was saprired, astounded, and
astonished that the gentleman from New York
should make (his appeal, he confessed that he was
surprised that the gentleman, whose knowledge of
the rules of order was not inferior to that of any
one in the House,should be soperfecly obtuse in
his understanding, as not to see that this decision
of the Chair was made in violation of the esta-
blished laws of parliamentary bodies, and would
establish a dangerous and inconvenient precedent.
Did he net see that, if sustained, it would be in ihe
power of any two gentlemen to submit a proposi-
tion, and to shape, and mould it, so as to suit their
purposes, in opposition to the will ofths House?
If the gentleman from South Ca olma was so asto-
nished at the ap| eal taken by the gentleman from
New York, he would be equally so when the votes
of two members reversed the deci ion. Were all
those who opposed this decision, So very s uped as
to be wholly 'gnorant of the rules that governed
parliamentary bodies while the gentleman him-
self and his patty only were enlightenei? ' Are
we al!, adted Mr. S. so very stupid as to be enti-
tled to the contempt of the gent'eman? No, «ir: it
appears to me that this decision is a vio'ation of all
the rules, as well of common sense as of parlia-
mentary bodies. To peimit a practice of tt is k nd,
would be to permit any two gentlemen to manage
the legislation of the House as they p'cued. He
did not believe it was right for one gsn leman to
transfer his right to the fl« or to another, as was too
olten done. Mr. S. said he had a word to say on
the main question, nh ch he hoped he would have
an opportunity of submitting to the House.
Mr. WISE rose to put an end lo this debate,
and to appeil to honorable gentlemen on all sides
in behalf of the Speaker. He had witnessed (ha
said) more vexatious p ints of order and apnea's
! in this srssion, than he had ever known in the
course cf the feven years he had teen in that
House. He did think, when ihey elected a
Speaker at the beginning of the session, alter much
dfliculiy, and in a manner in which both partirs
had united, that the members would h ve sustained
