frrymsr-      ■   ■-------■     .      "'"                      ■   '
him in pressing «he order and business of the
House. He hoped, therefore, gent'Tnen on all
side  would sustain th-j Speaker, aid show iheir
disapprobation of these continual appeals and
points of order. Mr. W. concluded by moving the
previous question.
Mr. BANKS asked his colleague  [Mr. W se]
to withdraw h s mom n, in crd«r to enable him to
explain h s reasons for voting to sustain the deci-  j
sion of the Chair.                                                      ,
Mr. WISE declined.   He had already been ap-
plied to by oihergint'emen, and had  been com-   ]
pelted, from a sense of duty, to refuse.
The previous qu-stion having been seconded
by the Hone, and the preliminary question hav-
ingbeen carr ed,
The main question was taken, and resulted in
sustaining the decision of the Chair—yeas 126,
nays 71.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, January 30,1840.
Mr. PHELPS presented resolutions of the Le-
gfelamre ot Vermont, in favor of a distribution of
the proceeds of the sale* of the public lands; which
were referred to the Committee on the Publ c
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial from
citizens of Biston, praying for the allowance of
drawback on foreign coal consumed in steampack-
ef<: which was laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens rf
St. Josephs, Florida, praying for a division of the
col'ection district; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of citizens of Apalachxola, pray-
in; for the erection of a light-house at Caps San
Bias; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, presented a petition of
citzens of thai State lor a change of mail route;
which was referred to the Committee on the Pes'.
Office and Post Roads.
Mr C. also presented the memorial of William
Morrow, praying remuDpia'ion for ihe vio'ation of
a contract; which was referred to the Committee on
' Claims.
Mr. WILL'AMSpieieuted the pe'ition of citi-
zens of Maine, praying for a reduction in the rates
cf postage; wh ch was referred to the Committee
on the Po«t Office and Post Roads
Mr. MERRICK presented the petition of the le-
gal representatives of John G. Mackall; which was
referred to the Committee on C aims.
Mr. FULTON piesented the petition of citizens
of Arkansas, praj ing for the improvement of the
navigation of Bayou Barth lomew; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of John
Child, Daniel L. Miller, and o her citizens of Phi-
ladelphia.
The motion to receive was,
On nuti>n of Mr. KING, laid on the tab'e.
Mr. S al*o preserved the petition of citizens of
Pennsylvin'a, on the subject of tie iran-fer of
American vts-ek to foreigners, and praying for the
adoption of mesures to suppress trie slave tradt;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
rterce.
Mr. STRANGE presented the petition of the
sureties of Archibald H. Sneed; which was refer-
red to the Committee ou Ins Judiciary.
Mr. 8EVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was rtferred the petion of Robert
Grigr.on, made an adverse report ihereon.
Mr. PlERCtS, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred
The pe ition of Lonis M. Rivard;
The petition of Mary B.akesle and Unis Starr;
The petition of Eliza Dclacour, and
The petition of Bet>ey Booth;
made adverse repoits therein; which were ordered
to be printed.
,Hr'F' a,i°ifrom the same committee, asked to
be discharged from the fuitlier con.-iderauon of the
petitu n rf Will am Tracy, and that it be referred
to the Commutee on Ptt0lic Lands: which was
«freed t«.                                     '
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ASSUMPTION OF STATE DEBTS.
Mr. GRUNDY, f ora the S--'ect Committee, to
wh ch was referred  the resolution submitted  ome
time sines by Mr. Bentosc, in oppos.tion ti the as-
sumption of the debts of the Stales by the Genera)
Government, said he was direct d to make a report
ihereon.    It   would  be proper for him   to   say
the committee were divided on the adoption cf the
report, five being in favor of it, and two—the Sen-
]   ater from Maiy'and [Mr. Merrick] an! the Se-
nator from  Indiana [Mr. Smith]—being opposed
1   to it.
i     The report was then read.   It argued at length,
and with great ability, the unconstitutionality and
, ¡nexpeJieacy of the assumption of State debts by
the General Government, and concluded with reso-
I   luttons of the sume tenor.
After a debate in which   Messrs. GRUNDY,
BENIDN, and BROWN advocated andsustamel
the doctrines   of t^e report, and   Me«sri. CRIT-
TENDEN,    WEBSTER,    SOUTHARD,   and
PRESTON, opposed them.
On monun of Mr. KING,
It was recommitted to the select committee,
I     And the Senate adjourned.
I            HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
í                  Thursday, January 30,  1840.
) The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the amend rent of the gen'leman from
Louisiana [Mr. Garland] ti the amfndment of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Grave1 ,] on the
subject of the pob ic printing.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana rose, and said it was
we'I knjwn to the Houce, that all hi< acts, since he
had the honor of a se.it here, had been of that eha-
ra^'er that would coniuce most to the exp*diting
of the public business; and therefore, though he had
intended to have replied, and, in justice to himself,
should have replied to the remarks of the gentle
man from Kentucky, yet he would forego this
sense of duty, and make another effort to bring
about a vore of the House on the proposition he
f ubmit"ed the day bjfore ypsterdav, and for which
he movel the reconsideration. He should, on this
occas:on, make an effort to lay the p opos tion
now before the House on the table, with a view to
pie^ent the resolut'on which he proposed cne or
two days befor?; and, in order that he m'ght un-
derstand his own prs tion, he would ask of the
Chair if it would be in ord-r for h m to move to
lay the amendment of the gentleman from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Garland] on ih<  table, without taking
with it the proposition of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Graves.]
The SPEAKER repli-d that a vote to lay the
a nendment of the gentleman from Louisiana on
the table, would n°ceswily carry with it the other
amendment and ihe resnlutii n itself.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, in order that we may
get as soon as posib'e to the transaction of the
business of the country, wh.ch, I am a^m mi-hed
on all hands, that we OMsht to do, I will foreao the
duty which s" ms to devolve on me of justifying
myself by a few remarks in reply to the gentleman
fiom Kentucky, and submit a proposition which
will enable us to proceed to that business
in a constitutional form, acting under the existir g
laws which pre^cn^eJ the manner in whijh the
publ c pnnting shall te done, and ac'ing a*>o under
the resolution that was alopted some da s sine ,
that we should go into the election of a public
piinter Mr. D. then said he would move to Uy
the amendments on the table, for the purpo'e of
tak m up the propos.tion which he would now
submit.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could not
move to lay one proposition on the tab'e, and de-
signae he one that was to be taken up.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, 1 will take another
course. I will move to lay the propositions now
before the Home on the table, wi'h a v;ew of of-
fering the proposition 'hat I now send to the Chair
as a substitute, and I hop' gentlemen will all vote
with a full undeistandmg oí the propo.-ition that is
to be offe ed.
Mr. BLACK, with the permi^s'on of the gentle-
man who was ent.tled to the floor, said he would
seed lo tie Chair a proposuion which hi intended
J 55
to offer in cas- the mo'inn of the gentleman to lay
the amendments on the table should prevail. Mr.
B trnn sent his rropo^ii.in to the Chair, and de-
sired ihat it might be read for the information of
the House.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana requested that his pre-
position might be read, and the Clerk read it as
follows:
Resolved, That this House  will now proceed to
the election of a public Printer, who shall proceed
to execute the priming of this House agreeably to
the   requirements   and compensation of existing
laws, until >uch laws are modified by the legisla-
tion of Congress; and in the mean time, a commit-
tee of seven members shall be appointed by the
Chair, who shall, within  tweniy-one legislative
days from ihe dat? of their appointment, report to
th s House what amendments, if any, are neces-
sary to the more prompt, perfect, and economical
execution of the printing of CoDgress; whether the
same ihould be let out to coniract, or whether it
'    would be more expedient to execute the same by a
'    Congressional Printing House, press and type be-
,   longing to Congress, and subject to its superinten-
l   dence.
Mr.  BLACK'S  resolution   was then  read as
¡{  follows:
I;      Reso'vtd, That the House proceed instanter to the
'I election of a Primer,and that a* soon as the e'ec-
i i tion shall have taken place, a committee of five
members be elected vita voce by the House, to con-
sider and investigate the subject of  the public
printing, and report to this House within ten days
after their election, what price cught to be paid as
aju<t and reasonable compensation to the Printer
elect, for services by him to be performed, having
due  regard  in   their   estimtte   to   the quantity,
quality, and due execution of the work.
¡       Resolved, further, That the Printer shall be elect-
j   ed witr  the express understanding tnat he is to well
I   and truly do arid execute all the printing ordered
from and afier his e ection upon toe terms, in the
manner, and at the rates and prices which shall be
prescribed by this House, upon the reception of the
report of the said Committee of Investtgaton; and
that said committee be instructed to inquire and re-
port upon the propriety and expediency of entirelyse-
paratmgihe patronage of the Government fr>m the
nCtfspapir or public press of the country; and that
sai i report, when made, shall be the special orJer
I of the day, and h ve precedence over all other
business until the subject  shall be   finally dis-
posed of.
Mr. BLACK then sail, I give notice that I shall,
at a proper time, move the adoption of the tesolu-
tion waich has been just read.
Mr.                      moved a call of the House;
which motion was carried by yeas 170, na>s 14.
Tne roll was then calle 1 over, When it appra ed
lint 218 members answered lo th ir names and
aft°r calling the absentee* and excusing some  f
the members who were abs nt from indisposition,
se'/eral others attended.
Mr. BUCK moved that all further proceed.ngs
unler theca 1 be disreised with.
Mr. GRAVES called for tne 5 eis and nays an
that motion; which having been ordered, the ques-
tion resuhed in ye?s 120, nays 87.
Mr. BLACK then inqu r^d if ihe motion to lay
ihe amendments on the table p caile t, whether it
wou d be in order to submit any other proposition
in relation to the rna'ter?
The S'-'E<KER said that anrther propesi'ion
wouid not be in order, if theie should be any busi-
ness havm  priority over it.
Mr. RAMSEY inquired whether, if the amend-
ments were laid on thetable.it would require a
vote of two-thirds to go into the election of
Primer.
Mr. WISE rrjtes'ed against the Chair's an-
swering these preliminary question*.
The SPEAKER said it ce.ta n y wcu'd not re-
qu're a vote < f t«ro-thirds to prociei to the elec-
t.ori 01 Prtn'er.                                                .       -
The ques ion was then taken on the mrtim ot
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, which was deciJed in
the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 108 as ^"oWt;
YEAS-Messr*. J. Allen, Hugh J APdewn, A herion
B nk*, BMUjr, peine, Black, Blackwetl,   *' f ¡
Aaron V. Biown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, w imam v. «
—   ~~*
