CON&RESSIONAL CtLOBE 
26rH Cono.~««~Jst_S«ss.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY U, 1840.
1    ' i :„■    %.=s=*
VüLUMK   8.........NO.   11.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE gl PER SESSION.
[CtntinHtdfrom JVV 10 ]
eonsu't the w.shes of ih* people of the District,
and form its laws, «oas be^t to promote their wel-
taieandhippnes-.
But the p#t>ple cf the District are sir nt on ths
subject; l**| a>k  for no charge in their domestic
policy; ihey have heretofore remonstrvel «gainst
any «cien   by Congress on   their right to hold
•lares, and woukl probably again remons'rate,
if they apprehended any dinger of such actio .
They hold  that  ihey have a cleaily legal  and
Hgh ful  prorertf in and to  iheir slave ; that the
Constitution of the Un ted States protects them in
the enjoyment of such right. Now, wba'ever may
be the opiniDn of the petitioners as to the right, ab-
stractedly considered, of men to hold human beings
a  property, this qoes ion was settled be'ore the
Constiiabon was formed—before this ten miles
sqaare was ceded to the Union; and Congress, as
legislators of the Union, have no power over it
Next to t! e people of this District,those more im-
■wdiately interested are the States who ceded this
Territory to the United States. The cs-ion was-
■aade by Maryland and Virginia, when, as now,
hoth those States held slave--; and their right to
this species of property was no where questioned.
It may fairly be supposed, that when the cession
was made, it was not imagined by any
one that slavery wou'd, cr could be abo-
lished hfe, until it should te abolished in
those Stj'e*. Had such an event been
thought probable, the ahle men who guided
the coanses «>f tr is* Sta'es would have gua'ded
«gainst an even* so very threatening to ihe-r secnri j
an I repo e. But these States are not alone in r. ¡
gartog the measures prayed for by the petitioners
as ho-ti'« to their interés s; all the Sta'es in which
slavery is hel 1 lawful, consider the a;itat on of
tiis question as full of danger, and the attempt to
abolish slavery here, but as a firs: step in aa en-
jast and unconstitutional interference w.th their
right*. If, 'hen. Congress has f-e power to legislate
for this District on t'rs subject, as I hold tbey
clearly have such power, they have bo right  o ex-
ere.s? this piwer against the will of the inhabi-
tant ef the Di-t'k-i; against the will of tho,e
who ceded the Drtrct to the Un on; and against
the will of the other slaveholding States; unless,
ind'ed, the safety of the whole Union imperiously
demands such legislation of us.
When ths con'e'eracy of States was formed,
and even ahen  the  Constitution of the United
States was adopted, most of the Sta'es held slaves.
The laws of all (except, perhaps, Massachusetts)
recognised the  lawfulness   of  domestic slavery.
Since that time, many of the States have entirely,
and some others partially, abolished  it; and it
seems to me that it is, and has long been, in a
gradual course of extinction.   It is, however, an
institution of the State Government;, a matter of
mere State regulation, with which, as it exists in,
or may be regulate 1 by, the States, tbe Govern-
ment of the Unite! States, having nothing to do
directly, should abstain from interfering indirectly.
Such, Mr. President, is my view of the subject,
as it respects ibe powrr and duties of Congress;
but there n another view which it is my duty to
cate.   I am here as one of the representatives of
a sover«ign State, meeting with the repreientatives
of twenty-five other equally sovereign and inde-
pendent Stales, to exercise with my friend and
coReague those strictly limited powers which have
°e*a confer 1 eJ on ihe General Government, and
hound by every principle of duty, of honor, and
of inclination, to obey the wi 1 of the State whote
servant 1 am.
• Ti'S"1' *in V*1* represent, is one of the first
in this Union in all the elements of political power;
"!" B.°,1 seeond  o any in its entire devotion to those
princip^ of equahty and justice, which are the
professed foundation of our social institutions; to
none in her firm stiachment to the union of the
wates.   bnt would not p,^ wy interference on
ihe part of o her Sta'es or societies with her institu-
tions, unless addressed directly to her friendly con-
sideration by those who might consider themselves
aggrieved by them; nor would sh? interfere wi h
the laws and regulations of oth?r States, or justify
ber citizens in doing so, under any other circum-
stances. Slavery is an institution not only inter-
dicted by the fundamental laws of Ohio, but it is
entirely contrary to the genius and habits of her
people. If p;titions were to be presented here, pray-
ing some action of Congress which would, though but
indirectly and remotely, tend to establish slavery in
Ohio, or which hereit izens believed would have that
tendency, t.och a measure could not but be regarded
as one of hostility to Ohio by her representatives
here; and hostility, too, not from an individual
Senator, but from a co-State; for Senators, being
representatives of sovereign States, cannot be pre-
sumed to act from themselves merely, but only by
authority of ihe State whose agents they are Ohio
might, and probably would, treat all such demon-
strations with scorn and contempt; but if persisted
in, and followed up from year to year, evincing a
settled determination to compel a change, she
could not but regard tbe States whose representa-
tives here promoted such attacks upon her, as un-
friendly towards her.
Ohio will do unto others as the claims that they
should do to her: as she will not permit any inter-
ference with her own institutions, so she will not
1 femit her servants to interfere with the institu-
tions of other States. I know her will upon this
mattr r; it is clear and unequivocal. Resolutions of
her Ass'mbly have repeatedly declared her semi-
men's upon the subject-matter of these petitions,
and her deeded opinion that the attempt making by
tl e>e peiitioneis, "is hostile to the spirit of the Con-
stitution, and destructive of the harmony of the
Unien;" and a recent more numerous assemblage
of Democratic delegates in a State convention, than
has ever before met in that State, with but three
dissenting voices, adopted the following resolutions:
''Resolved, That in Ihe opinion of this conven-
tion, Congie^s ought not, without the consent of
the people of the Distr.ct, and of the Sates of Vir-
ginia and Maryland, to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict i f Columbia; and that the efforts now making
for that purpose by organized societies in the free
States, are hostile to the spirit of the Constitution,
and distinctive to the harmony of tbe Union.
"Resolved, That slavery being a domestic insti-
tution recognised by tbe Constitution of ths Unied
Sta'es, we, as citizens of a fiee State, have no right
to interfere with it, and that the organizing of so-
cieties and associations in free States, in opposition
to the institutions of sister States, while productive
of no good, may be the cause of much mischief;
and while such associations, for political purposes,
ought to be discountenanced by every lover of
peace and concord, no sound Democrat will have
part or let with them.
"Rttolved, That political Abolitionism is but an-
cient Federal sm, under a new guise, and that the
political action of anti-slaveiy societies, is only a
device for the overthrow of Democracy."
I know, sir, that the3e resolutions express the de-
libera'e judgment of the Democracy of Ohio; as to
the sentiments of the opponents of the Dsmocratic
P'rty, the Ilarii^onians,"! know less. Their con-
duct is open to observation.   By that it is  well
•Harrisonuns.—A large meeting of the Whig
party at Chillicothe, in Ohio, lately adopted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Risolved, By this meeting, that the canse in
which we are enraged is the caoss of civil rib?rty,
and the perpetuity of our happy, but at present de-
ranged ins ltutions. And knowing as we do, that
poliiieal carnes alone keep many fr-m our ranks
whose hearts are with us, now be it known and re-
solved, from this day forward, that all political
name*, such as Loco Poco, Democrat, Republi-
can,, Whip, etc. be now meried in the general and
heart-stirring appellation ef Harrisonian?.
known that they hold in their fraternal embrace
the entire Abolition part of the population of
Ohio.
As to the female signers of these petitions, I have
a word to say. Nature seems to have given to the
male sex the exclusive powers of government, by
giving to that sex the physical strength and energy
which the exercise of those powers calls into con-
stant and active exertion. To the female a more
del cate physical organization is given; and she
need not repine that she has not the iron nerve of
her protector, man; he has the storms of life to en-
counter; she the calm and sunshine of domestic
peace and quiet to enjoy. Hers is the domestic al-
tar; there she ministers and commands, in all
the plenitude of undisputed sway, the fountain
of love and blessedness to all around her; let her
not seek madly to descend from this eminence to
mix with the strife of ambition or the cares of Go-
vernment; the field of politics is not her appropriate
arena; the powers of Government are not within
her cognizance, as they could not be within her
knowledge, unless she neglected higher and holier
duties to acquire it. Bound by her associations, by
her education and habits, as the American woman
is, to the institutions and laws and manners of her
country, let her evidence the soundness of her
principles, by guiding the young minds committed
to her maternal charge, to that same love of liberty
and devotion to their country she feels, and she
need not fear but that her sons will correct all the
errors of Government, as experience shall point
them out. For my self, I cannot recognise the right of
my fair countrywomen to interference with public
affairs. Whether slavery shall be abolished in the
District of Columbia or not, belongs not to them to
say; much less does it belong to the women of Ohio
to agitate questions of public policy, which their
own State Government has often declared it wrong
ia her citizens to meddle with.
For these reasons, I decline presenting these pe-
titions to the Senate.
Mr. PRESTON  aid there was nothing before
the Senate to excuse his remarks, bnt he could not
repress the feelings of pleasure and satisfaction with
which he had l'stmcd to the eloquence and patriotic
remarks of the S;nator from Ohio. Should the
same sentimen's be expressed from other sections
of the country, the incendiary spirit of Abolition-
ism would soon be trampled down and extinct.
Standing in the political relations he did to the
Senator, he could exprés* his feelings more freely;
and for himself, and in behalf of the section of the
Union more particularly interested in this matter,
he tendered to the Senate his sincere and heartfelt
thanks-
Mr. FULTON presented the petition of Henry
Wilson, praying to be allowed to locate on any of
the unappropria'ed public lands a tract of land in
lieu of a like quantity erroneously entered by his 
at the tand oftce at Helena; which was referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the petition and pa-
pers of Francis Cazeau, now on Ihe files, were re-
ferí ed to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. YOUNG presented the memorial of the
Galena Chamber of Commerce, praying an appro-
priation for the removal of obstructions to the na-
vigation of the Upper and Lower Rapids of the Mis-
sissippi river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. TALLMADGE, it was or-
dered that the petition of the widew of George
Hood, now on fi'e, br refeaed to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. MERRICK pre?ented the memorial of the
president and d rectors of the Bank ef Alexandria;
in the District of Columbia, praying an extension
of their charter, for the purpose Of enabling then 
to wind up the affairs of that institution; which was
referred'to the Cbmmit'ee on the District of Colum-
Mr. LINN presented the memorial of W. A.
Duer and other , piaying «hat surveys may he an.
