162
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thorized by the United States, with a view to the
ascertaining the practicability of cons'ructmg a ship
canal across the.Istbmusof Panama.and when ascer-
tained, that the co-operation of other Governments
be invited in the accomplishment of that object;
which was refeired to the Committee on. Com-
merce.
Mr. MERRICK submitted a communication
from Noah Fairbank, containing suggestions in re-
lation to the means of securing steamboats against
fire; which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WHITE submitted the following motion
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform the Senate what measures have been
taken to ascertain and satisfy the debts of the
Winnebago nation of Indians, for the payment of
which the residuary sum of $150,000 was appro-
' priated by the fourth article of the treaty of 1st
November, 1837, made with that nation.
Also, what causes have interposed to prevent the
removal of those Indians to the "neutral ground"
west of the Mississippi, in pursuance of the third
article «f said treaty.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the petition of Jacob
Dunham, made an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to will was referred the bill for the relief of
certain companies of Michigan Militia, reported it
without amendment-
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claim , to which had been referred the bill for the
relief of John L. Scott, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. W. also, from the Committee on Claims, to
which the following bills were referred:
A bill for the relief of William Benet;
A bill for the relief of Charles A. Dodc;
A bill for the relief of Dennis duinlivan;
A bill for the relief of Alfred Westfall;
A bill for the relief of James H. Ralston;
A bill for the relief of David McNair;
A bill for the relief of Jacob Hanks; and
A bill for the relief of Samuel Ferguson;
reported the same severally without amendment,
and recommended that they do not pass.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to which was referred a me-
morial of the Board of Health of the city oí Wash-
ington, reported a bill to authorize the erection of a
hospital in the city of Washington, and for other
purposes; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred the petition of
Zadoc Martin, reported a bill for his relief; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. W. from the same committee, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of Samuel Massey and Thomas James;
Which was agreed to.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. NICHOLAS asked and
obtained leave to bring ;n a bill to authorize the
Legislature of the State of Louisiana to sell the
lands heretofore appropriated for the use of schools
within that State; which was read the first and second
times by unanimous consent, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. FULTON asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to perfect the titles
to lands south of the Arkansas river, held under
New Madrid locations and pre-emp'ion rights un-
der the act of 1814; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. LINN a«ked and ob-
¿ajned leave to bring in a bill to quiet the titles of
certain land claimants in the State of Missouri and
Arkansas, and for other purposes; which was read
iwice, and refeirei to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
-. Mr. YOUNG submitted the following motion,
which, .by unanimous consent, was considered and
agreed'to:
.. Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of settling
*e accounts of Francis GeJion, late Marshal of
Wisconsin, and now Marshal of Iowa Territory,
on just and equitable principles.
Mr. WHITE presented three petitions from citi-
zens of the Territory of Wisconsin, praying that
certain lands in the Milwaukee land district may
be exposed to public sale, and that pre-emption
rights may be granted to the settlers thereon; which
were severally referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
ftMr. WHITE submitted the following motion,
which, by unanimous consent, was considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Reads and
Canals be instructed t« inquire into the expediency
of causing a survey to be made of the Ohio river
at the falls, with a view to ascertain the practica-
bility of improving the navigation thereof.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion
submitted by Mr. Webster, on the 27th ult. in re-
lation to vessels propelled by steam; which was,
on his motion, amended and agreed to, as follows:
Rttolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire whether the laws respecting
vessels propelled by steam do not require amend-
ment, and whether it be not expedient, among
other provisions, to make the following, viz:
1st. That the owners or masters of all steam-
boats or vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, employed in the transportation of passen-
gers, or of goods, wares, or merchandise, or of
both, for hire, shall be deemed to all intents and
purposes common carriers thereof, and shall be
liable to all the duties and responsibilities imposed
on such carriers by the common law. And every
restriction, limitation, or qualification, oí any such
duties and responsibilities, by any special notice or
contract, or other proceeding on the part of such
carriers, shall be deemed utterly void and of no
validity, or force, or effect whatever.
2d. That whenever any loss, damage, or injury,
shall occur to any passenner, or to any goods,
wares, or merchandise on board of any such
steamboat or other vessel propelled in whole or in
part by steam, from fire or steam, or collision with
any ether vessel, the same shall be deemed full prima
facie evidence of negligence, sufficient to charge the
proprietors of such steamboat or other vessel pro-
pelled by steam, and those in their employment,
with the full amount of such loss, or damage, or
injury, until they shall show, beyond any reasona-
ble donbt, that no negligence whatever had occur-
red on their part.
3d. That if any inspector or inspectors, appointed
und^r the law to which this is a supplement, shall
carelessly or negligently perform the duties re-
quired of them by law, or shall make or sign any
certificate required by the same act, knowing the
same to eontain any fake statement, he and rtiey
shall be deemed guilty of high misdemeanor, and
shall, on conviction thereof before any court of the
United States having competent jurisdiction, be
punished by fine not exceeding $500, and by im-
prisonment not exceeding ninety days, according
to the aggravation of the offence, and shall also be
liable in civil action to all damages which shall
be occasioned thereby to any person or persons
whatever; and that the committee be instructed
further to inquire and report to the Senate what
judicial decisions have been made under the exist-
ing law, and especially whether it has been the ef-
fect of any such decision to render the existing law
inoperative in any part of the country.
The resolution submitted some days since by Mr,
PRESTON, calling for the reasons of Gov. Call's
dismissal, and the correspondence of that officer
with the Secretary of War, was taken up, and be-
ing modified.on motion by Mr. CLAY oí Alabama,
by striking out that part calling for the reasons of
dismissal, were passed.
The b.ll to repeal certain acts respecting navy
pensions, and making further provisions in relation
to navy pensions, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a
hird reading.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill confirming certain land claims in the
Ouachita land district, in the State of Louisiana;
The bill to authorise the issuing of a pateat fo
the heirs or legal representatives of Francis Rivard,
The bill confirming certain land claims in Lou-
isiana-, and
The bill for the relief of Obed P. Lacy; were se-
verally read a third time, and pasted.
The bill to transfer to the citizens of the parish
of Concordia, in the State of Louisiana, the inte-
rest of the United States to a certain tract of land,
was taken up on its third readiug, but
Mr. WALKER intimating an intention to op-
pose the bid, it was passed over.       >
ASSUMPTION OF STATE DEBTS.
The report of the select committee on the as-
sumption by the Government of the debts of the
States, was then taken up, and Mr. PHELPS
addressed the Senate at length in opposition to it.
On motion by Mr. CALHOUN,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, February 4,1840.
Mr. BLACK, by permission of the House, re-
ported from the select Committee of Printing, the
following resolution, the passage of which he said
was neces-ary to enable the committee to proceed
in the investigation:
Resolved, That the select committee on Printing,
appointed by a resolution of this House on the
30th ultimo, be authorized and permitted to em-
ploy a clerk to facilitate and record the proceed-
ings of said committee.
Resolved, That said committee be authorized to
summon and examine witnesses on oath before
them, relative to Ihe subject submitted to their con-
sideration.
Mr. ADAMS said the latter part of the resolu-
tion was unnecessary, and provision was already
made by law, empowering .'elect committees to
examine witnesses or oath. He hoped the gentle-
man would modify his resolut.on.
Mr. BLACK said he was not at liberty to modify
the resolution. It was discussed in committee in
the present form, and adopted, and he was instruct-
ed to report it to the House.
Mr. ADAMS moved to strike out the last resolu-
tion, and amend the first by the insertion of the fol-
lowing words: "And shall have power to send for
persons and papers.
Mr. L.WILLIAMS called for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the amendment: not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was carried in the affirmative, and the reso-
lution as amended was adopted.
The House again proceeded to the election by
viva voce for Chap'ain—Messrs. Taliaferro, Sal-
tonstall, Da vies of Pa. and Smith of Maine, act-
ing as teller?. The tellers reported the following as
the result of the second vote:
Whole number of votes           -          -         182
Necessary to a choice   -          -          ■           92
And that the Rev. Mr. Danforth received 31 votes.
"           "          Bates           "       36
"           "           Babbitt                6
"          Balch                  34
"           "          Boyd           «       28
"           "          Braxton       "      34
"           "          Wilmer      «       13
The names of the Rev. Messrs. Reese and Don-
nellan were withdrawn after the first vote of yes-
terday.
No person having received a majority of votes,
there was no election.
The House again proceeded to vote, the same
gentlemen acting as tellers. The tellers reported
the following as the result of the
THIRD VOTK.
Whole number received
Necessary to a choice
Rev. Mr. Danforth      received
"       Bates
"       Babbit
"       Balch
"       Boyd
"       Biaxton     -
"       Wilmer     -
Still no choice.
Mr. SMITH withdrew the name the Rev, Mr.
176
89
-    22 votes.
-    55
-      1
-    35
-    16
-    42
-      5
