CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a*
163
Mr. BARNARD withdrew the name of the Rer
|fr. Danforth; and
Mr. JENIFER withdrew the dim of the Rey.
Mr. Wilmer.
roeanverc
Whole aamber received      •         -          189
Necessary to a choice                                   99
Rev. Mr. Bates      received*          -   85 rotes.
«       Ba'ch       -          -          -   19
«•       Braxton     -          -          -   ?T
««       Wilmer      .                     -     1
Still no choice.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland withdrew the
nam* of toe Rer. Mr. Balch.
Mr. POPE moved that, by universal consent, the
Hoa¿e would t^ke the next rote by ballot; but
Mr. HOFFMAN and others objected; and the
Rouse proceeded, in the usual way, to the
FIFTH VOTE.
Whole number of rotes           -          -          175
Necessary to a choice                                      88
The Rer. Mr. Bates received           -     93
Mr. Braxton         {          -83
The Rev. Mr. Bates was therefore elected.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the united
8tates:
Te Ik* Bmtmrtik tiu Burnt* •/ Jbpretrntetiset .-
I lay before you a report from the Secretary of
the Treasury, with several documents annex*d, by
which it will be seen that judicial constructions
have been given to tbe existing laws for the collec-
tion cf imposts affecting extensively and injuriously
the accruing revenue.
They embrace, with many others, the important
articles of linens, woollens, and cottons: the two
last of which are often treated as silks, because that
material constitutes a component part of them, and
thus exempted them from duty altogether. Assess-
ments of duties, which have prevailed for years,
and, in some cases, since the passage of the laws
themselves, are in this manner altered, and oncer*
mitt/ and litigation introduced in regard to the fu-
raré.
Tbe effects which these proceedings hare already
prod need in diminishing the amount of the revenue,
and which are likely to increase hereafter, deserve
your early consideration.
I hare, therefore, deemed it necessary to bring
the matter to your notice, with a view to such legis-
lative action as the exigencies of the case may in
your judgment require. It is not believed that
any law, which can now be passed upontbe sub-
ject, can affect the revenue favorably for several
months to come, and could not, therefore, be safely
regarded as a substi ute for the early provision of
•ertaia and adequate means to enable the Treasury
to guard tbe public credit, and meet promptly and
faithfully any deficiencies that may occur in the
revenue, from whatever cause they may arise.
The reasons in favor of the propriety of adopt-
ing, at an early period, proper measures for that
parpóse, were explained by the Secretary of the
Treasury ia bis annual report, and recommended
I  your attention by myself. The experience of
tbe last two months, and especially the recent deci-
sions of the courts, with the continued suspension
of specie payments by the banks over large sections
of ute United-State*, operating unfavorably upon
the revenue, have greatly strengthened the views
lien taken of the subject.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washinoton, Feb. 4, 1840.
Teeasurt Department,
January 31,1840.
8m: I hare the honor to enclose some corre-
spondence between myself and the Comptroller,
ia relation to the great changes of construction,
made chiefly by the judicial tribunals, in the pre-
sent laws imposing duties on foreign merchandise.
Several of the cases bare already been laid before
the appropriate committees of Congress, without
producing any new legislation; bul all the material
decisions ire now collected and submitted together
for consideration. Most of these changes possess
importance in varióos points of view, though the
one connected with the rtvenue seems to require
special notiee from this Department,   Tbe articles J
as to which the principal difficulties have occurred,
whether by judicial decisions or o'herwise, are
linens, «Iks, woollens, and cottons. For instance,
imported linens, though dyed or stained by artifi-
octal process, and thus supposed by the Depart-
ment to be liable to a duty, have been pronounced
"bleached and unbleached linens," so as to render
them free. Again, silks, when coming from be-
yond the Cape of Good Hope, are subject to a
duty; but those from Europe, with some excep-
tions, are not. Hence tbe former, by being landed,
and colored or stamped in Europe, before reach-
ing here, are believed to be often introduced free,
contrary to my own opinion of the original design
of Congress.
Several articles, also, are now imported from
Europe, which have been adjudged by the courts
to be free, because moMi/actures •/ stile; though
nnder their appropriate names, as "hose," "gloves,"
"shawls," "millinery," and other descriptions of
goods, they were for several years regarded as
liable to duty, and taxed accordingly.
Manufactures of woollen and cotton are subject
to a large duty; but of lste, by mixing wool and
cotton in fabrics with silk, they are often imported
at a lower rate of duty, or entirely free, under
judicial decisions, reversing the former usages in
force.
Other material changes have occurred through
these decisions; such as that " sewing silk," which
still pays a dnty, dees not embrace some merchan-
dise, though made of silk, and used for sewing.
Several alterations have likewise been adopted,
exempting from tbe duties en woollen and cotton,
various new artie'esnvxed with " worsted," or un-
expectedly considered by the courts and juries as
"worsted," and hence pronounced to be fre*.
Oiher goods have been relieved from the high duty
on " ready made cloihinr," and subjected to only
a lower rate of impost, under other names, though
made up as arteles of clothing, and ready to be
worn. Uniform rules of construction on these
subjects, which have prevailed since the laws
passed, hare thus, in srme cases, been suddenly
altered, and much money already in the Treasury
has been refunded, and other duties secured or
paid, are liable to be remitted hereafter.
Several articles also, must hereafter be entered
free, which, it has been before supposed, were sub-
ject to dnty, and others must be admitted at a lower
rate than the previous usage. Tn a few cases only
can attempts be made to reverse the decisions by
appeals or writs of error, at the amount in contro-
versy in rach case, is frequently too small, or the
difficulty exists, at times, in the finding of the jury,
when the general directions ot the judge may have
been unexceptionacle.
From these circumstances the revenue has al-
ready suffered extensively within a few months,
and the annual loss to the customs by all the de-
cisions before referred to, is computed to equal at
least two millions of dollars.
All the details, deemed useful on these points,
are embodied in the report of the Comptroller, re-
plying to myletter,andin other documents, copies of
which are annexed. Whichever construction in
these cases be in the view of Congress correct,
whether that adopted by the courts, or the Depart-
ment, it is highly important to have a declaratory
law passed, settling the rule clearly for the future
in a'l doubtful cases. It seems, also, equally im-
portant to have such new provisions in respect to
the tariff introduced, as ?hall protect more effectu-
ally the collection of those duties, which Congress
designed should be imposed for carrying on suc-
cessfully the operations of the Government, and
preserving inviolate the public faith.
Th« opportunity afforded on this occasion for
supplying the amount of revenue already lost, and
also any amount likely to be needed, to meet the
public engagements hereafter, by requiring a duty
on some articles now free, might be improved be-
neficially, without a departure from the compro-
mise act, and without agitating the question of pro-
tection.
Besides the wide field open for this purpose in
one-half of the usual importations now entirely
free, tbe Department, under a special act of Con-
gress, ttill ia force, bat been obligod to remit the
large amount of three and a half millions of duties,
secured on the single article of railroad iron, and
must continue to remit similar duties, until it si
deemed proper to revise the legislation on this sub-
ject.
Another inroad onTthe accruing duties, to the ex-
tent of two or three hundred thousand dollars la-
ready remitted, and in a course of beine; so, is, by
another especial act, on account of the fire and fire
bonds in New York, in 1835 and '36. Other appli-
cations for remission of duties on account of simi-
lar losses, at a very recent period, will probably
follow to the extent of from 50 to 100,000 dollars,
and may be found just. But it is proper to add,
that any kind of legislation on the subject mat'er of
this communication, during the present session of
Congress, would not be likely to increase the re-
sources of the Treasury in season for aid to meet
existing appropriations,in any exigency such as, in
my last annual report, it was explained that the
Treasury would be exposed to in the ensuing month.
Tbe very large sums then required to pay pensions
under laws already in force, and to redeem many
of the Treasury notes outstanding and falling due
in March, demand an earlier and prompter reme-
dy. Yet in the event that Congress shall soon
make some precautionary provision of means,to be
used only when needed, and which are so justly
due to a wise regard for preserving the public faith,
under the fluctuations, necessities, and contingen-
cies to which our fiscal operations are dangerously
liable, increased security for the plighted faith of
the United States, may be derived from the pro*
posed legislation on the present subject.
Respectfully,
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
To the President of the United Slates.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the message
and documents accompanying were referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, it was
.Resolved, That the 30th rule of the House, which
authorizes the reception of petitions daily for thirty
days only, after the organization of the House, be
extended to the 15th of February.
Mr. W. THOMPSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill to raise 1600 men
to serve against the Florida Indians; which was
read twice, and on Mr. T's motion, referred to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PETRIKIN, in accordance with notice
previously given, ieported a bill to repeal an act to
relieve from duty iron prepared and actuallv laid
on railways or inclined planes, approved 14th July,
1833, and to graduate the duty to be paid on such
iron hereafter imported from foreign countries.
On motion of Mr. P. referred to the Committee
on Manufactures, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS, from the Committer
on the Territories, made a report in relation to the
difficulties between the State of Missouri and tbe
Territory of Iowa, accompanied by a bill, entitled
" An act to establish and define the Northern boun-
dary line of the State of Missouri;" which bill was
twice read, and on motion of Mr. D. referred to a
Comm.ttee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. CURTIS to take up the Se-
nate bills on the Shaker's table, for the purpose
of reference to appropriate committees,
Toe bill making appropriations to complete the
removal of the raft of the Red river, and fur other
purposes, was twice read; when
Mr. BIDDLE moved that the same be referred,
with ihe following instructions:
1.  Whether the advance of money by the Bank
of Arkansas, which it it one of the objects of this
bill to reimburse, was not made with full know-
ledge that the agent of the United States wbo ef-
fected the loan was acting in defiance of positive
instructions from his superiors, as well as in the
face of a known refusal by Congress to appropri-
ate money to the woik.                              .... •
2.  Whether the estimate on which *• ""■
founded was not made by the said agent pnoto
the closing oP of the raft * A«f«« l«t, we;
