cWáüvémMtOLÓtíÉf.
16S
dred and twenty-five btfiers, of Mendon, Mass.;
of Edward Ssagraves and twenty-eight others, of
Oxbridge, Mass.; John Corey and others, ofFox-
b rough, Mass.; of F.edenck W. Lincoln and fifty
others^ of Canton, Mass; of Mosses Buffum and
others, of Mendon, Mass.; of James Adams
and twenty-two other -, of Canton, Masi;
of Anson Barton and twenty-three others,
of Wrentham, Mass.;all representing the existence
of frauds upon the revenue, and praying for an in-
vestigation of the same, and for a revision of the
laws in relation to the collection of duties on manu-
factures of woa!: referred to the Committee on
Manafüc tires ]
By Messrs TILLINGHAST and CRANSTON,
of Rhode Islind.
By Messrs. BROCKWAY, TRUMB.TJLL,
STORRS, 3. B: WILLIAMS, OSBORNE, and
SMITH, of Connecticut.
By Messrs. HALL, SLADE, and FLETCHER,
of Vermont.
By Messrs, MITCHELL, A. BROWN, WA-
GENER, STROXG, HAND, DOIG, MORGAN,
HOFFMAN, FILLMORE, PEOR, GRIN-
NELL, C0RTI3, GRANGER, CHAS. JOHN-
SON, GATES, FINE, BARNARD, KEMBLE,
JONES, MARVIN, HUNT, CRITTEN-
DEN, RUSSELL, MONROE, PRENTISS, DA-
NA, VANDERPOEL, LEONARD, EARL,
FLOYD, MALLORY, ROGERS, KEMPSHALL,
JACKSON, EDWARDS, BREWSTER, and
MONTANYA, of New York.
[Mr. Marvin presented, and had properly infer-
red, the following petitions: Ths petition of Joseph
Hall for a pensu n as an invalid. The peiition of
General Pumam Farrington.of Chautauque county,
New York, praying for a pension.   The petition of
Eunice Abell for a ren*ion.   Thepetton of A.
Hitchcock, and  other.*, for an increase of pen-
sion.   Also, two petitions from sundry c'tizens of
Chautauque county,  New York, pra)ing legisla-
tion  in relation to the use of ardent spirits in the
army and navy, &c. fee.   Also, a letter in relation
to the claim of Charles' Wood, of Cattaraugus
county, New York, for a pension, with a resolution
that the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions in-
quire into tbe expediency of granting said Wood
a pension.   Mr. M. also presented  the following
petitions, which he said had been placed   in his
hands by the Hon. Mr. Galbraith, of Pennsylva-
nia, not now in his seat, wi>h a request to present
them:   Three petitions praying for an appropiia-
tion to imprpvethe navigation of the Alleebany
river from Pittsburgh to Olean.    Petition of James.
Gee for a pension as an.iiyrajid..   The petition of
Casper M. Rause for remuneration, é$c~ for losses
sustained by his father in the Revolutionary .War.
A    petition   praying . for  the . construction   of.
a  harbor on. Lake Erie, at 'he  mouth   of Six-
teen Mile CreeTr,..in  Pennsylvania.     The   pe-
tition  of citizens: of .Warren  and   Erie coun-
ties,   Pennsylvania,   praying "for   a   post route
from Waterford .to-Warren.   The petit on of.D.
Raymond, respecting, the currency oí the United
States.   The,memorial oi. a,copyenJiom of dele-
gates from a, number of counties in- the western
part of Pennsylvania, for an appropnationio im«
prose the navigation of the Alleghany river ]
[Mr. Prentiss' presented the petition of Geo.
H. Noble, and niheiy-nine others, of Oswego
county, New,.York, for a reduction -in tbe rate of
letter postage. Also,-the petition of Joseph Peck,
and one hundred and twénfy-two i thers, of New
Lisbon, Otsego county, New-York, for the.same
object.]                                ■ *                               „
[Mr. Hand presented the petitiont)f Henry Wat-
riss for relief on account of damages sustained by
a sudden termination of a contract with the United
State<, to make-, prepare, and fit the iron woik for
building a battery at Island Point, near the boun-
dary Une on Lake Champlaw: referred to the
Committee on Claims." Also, the petition of Cbas.
M. Hillyard, for pay for necessar.es furnished
th« troops during the border troubles in 1838: re-
ferred tb the Committee of Claims.. .Also, the-
petition 'of Daniel T. Taylor, for aid in estab-.
lishing a national university m Missouri, Illinois,
or ona of the <■ Western States: referred to the
Ct-mmittee on the .Judiciary.   Also, the petition of
Archibald MsCollum, for compensation for a
house accidentally destroyed by fire when in the
occupancy of the United States troops: referred
to the Commit'ee on Claims. Al o, the petition
of Lebbeus Hascall, staling that he is the inventor
of certain hollow cannon shot, asking for trial by
experiments, and, if found an improvement, then
for compensation: referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. Also moved that the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions be discharged Iron 
the consideration of the petition J. Cammack, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pens ons : ordered. Also, that same committee be
discharged from the consideraron of the petition of
Elizabeth Allen, and that the same be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims; ordered.]
[Mr. Leonard preserved the petition of Samuel
Hutchinson, a soldier of the Revolution, praying
to be inscribed upon the pension roll. Also, a pe-
tition of inhabitants of the county of Tioga, in the
State of New York, for the establishment of a mail
route from Flemingville, in said county,"to Spceds-
ville, in ihe county of Tompkins. Also, the peti-
tion of the heirs of Capt. Thomas Park, deceased,
praying compensation for private pioperty sold for
the use of the Government during the Revolu-
tionary war.]
[Mr. Strong of New York presented sundry pe->
ti'ions of inhabitants of the counties of Wayne and
Ontario, in the State of New York, praying for an
appropriation to aid in improving the harbor at
Pul:en°yville, on Like Ontario: referred to the
Cimmittee on Commerce. ALo, a peiition of in-
habitants of the county of Wayne, State of liew
York, praying that the franking privilege may be
abolished, and that the rate of postage on each
letter, not exceeding one-fourth of an ounce in
weight, may be made un form, without regard to
d stance, and be two cents: referred to the Com-
mit'ee on the Post Office and Ptst Roads. Also,
a peiition of William Willcox and J. seph WUlcox,
of Palmyra, in the county of Wayne, State of
New York, praying for relief: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Also, a petition of sun-
dry inhabitants of the State of New York, praying
j for the establ shment of a port of entry at Indian
Key: referred U the Committee on Commerce.]
[Mr. Hunt presented the petiiion, with accom-
panying papers, of Polly Hall, widow and execu-
trix of Lot Hall, deceased, ss also of the heirs of
the deceased, praying remuneration for services
rendered by the said Lot Hall, and prize money
due him, in the war of ihs Revolution: ordered to
be pointed, and referred, with the papers, to the,
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, Also, the
petition af.d accompanying papers of Thomas
Thcdy, of Rensselaer county, New York, praying
. telief^and remuneration for his unjust imprison-
ment* in tbe State prison at Auburn, for the fob-
bery of the United States mail, committed in May,
1835, by one John, C. Riley: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judic'ary.]
[Mr. Peck presented the.folio wing petitions, viz:
.George-Williams and others, of Portage, AUe^aqy
county, NeW'Ywk,- for the*.establishment of a mail
route; William '-Pátker, a Séneca Indian, for an.
increase of pension; Samuel Gilman, of Genesee
county, New York, for relief, by pension or other-
wise, on account.of Revolutionary services.]
[On motion of Mr".3oNES,
iltsolvtd. That the Committee on the Post Office
and Fost Roads be instrncted to inquire into the
expediency of an act to-estabtish a post route from
Newburg, by way of Brook's Mills and Lagrange,
to South Middletown-, in Orange county, N.Y.
On motion ot Mr. Jones, the resolution in in-
ference to' ''Jones's Digest and Tariff," and the
rep«rt thereon, February 13,1889, were referred to'
the Committee on Commerce.]
[Mr. Montanya presented the petition of James
S'ephens, Leah Tenure, Rachel Polhamus, John
Sidman, and Jonathan Youman, praying to be
placed on the roll of Revolutionary pensions. Also,
. the petition of John Blight and others, master work-
_men at naval s'ations, for increase of pay. A'so,
two separate petitions from inhabitants of Brook-
lyn and New York, for the construction of a na-
tional dry-dock at Brooklyn. Also, a petition of
two hundred and three mechanics of the Brooklyn
naval station, for an early appropriation for the
completion of works already commenced; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union.]   ,
When New Jersey was called,
Mr RANDOLPH inquired of the Speaker whe-
ther he had received a communication from the
Governor and Council of New Jersey on the sub-
ject of the contested elections from, thai State.
The SPEAKER replied that he had received
such a communication, but that it was addressed
to him in his individual capacity as a Representa-
tive from the Stale of Virginia, and not in his of-
ficial character as Speaker of the House, and
therefore he had declined presenting it.
Mr. PICKENS said he should like to hear the
SpEAKEa's answer to the communication read.
Mir. WISE said the answer was a personal affair,
solely belonging the Speaker, because the commu-
nication of the Governor and Council was address ed
to him in his private charae'er, and therefore it was
not necessary for him to ask the advice of the
House in answering if. But inasmuch as.it was a
correspondence between the authorities of a sove-
reign State and a high officer of that House, he
hoped it would be laid before them.
Mr. RANDOLPH said he felt bound, at the first
opportunity, to present these resolutions himself,
and he would therefore do so now, and move that
they be spread upen the journal, and printed.
Mr. JAMESON asked of the Chair, if these re-
solutions had not first been addressed to him as an
individual member of the Honse.
The SPEAKER replied that he had received cer-
tain resolutions from the Governor and Council of
New Jersey, but as they were not addressed to him
in his. official character as Speaker of the House
he had declined presenting them.
Mr. HAND doubted whether it was in order to
present these resolutions at ih's time. The exten-
sion of the 20th rule authorized the presentation of
petitions; but he did not think resolutions of a State
could come in under that rule.
Mr. JAMESON wished to know of the Chair if
the report and resolutions of the minority of the Le-
gislature of New Jersey on the same subjeel, had
been received by him; and if so, whether he would
lay them before the House.
The SPEAKER replied that he bad received a
report from the minority of the New Jersey Legis-
lature, which was addressed to him in his official
character, as Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives; and he wou'd, therefore, at a proper time,
present them.
Mr. PICKENS apprehended that the gentleman
from New York was ms'aken in his construction,
of-the rule. It would apply, be said, to resolu-
tions offered by the members from themselves,
but not to resolutions coming from one of the
States. Such had always been received when pe-
titions weie in order.
Mr. HAND then, withdrew his objections.
Mr. R. GARLAND asked if he «n&rstood the
Speaker as saying that.be would prestnUne-renort"
coming from the minority of the New Jersey Le-,
gislature, while he declined presenting a commu-
nication from the Governor and Council of that
Slate. „
' MrTWISE said that if gentlemen would permit
the correspondence tobe read, they would not only
understand the motives of the Speaker, but would
apnro ve of his conduct.   The one set of resolutions
wsts addressed to him as a member from the S ate
of Virginia, and denied the organization of the'
House, and that he was the Speaker of it.' He
could not, therefore, consistently with the respect
he owed the House, or in justice to himself, have
presented these resolutions.   The other set, which
came from the minority of the Legislature, was ad-
dressed tq.him in bis official character, and there-
fore, it was right and proper that he should present
them.
Mr. DROMGOOLE contended that the corre-
spondence ought to be laid before the House, in or-
der to set the conduct of the Speaker in its proper
light. This, he thought, was due, as well to the
Speaker as to the House-                        .             .
Mr. HOLMES expressed the same ▼ ew^J«d
after some further remarks from Messrs. JJKUM-
