wo
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
horses in the United States service, purchased by
him^-fet paid.   Of citizens of St. Clair county, Ala-
— "Sama, for a mail route from Elyton to Ashville,
Alabama.   Of John H. Robinson and others, fcr
pre-emption.   Of Nathaniel Coates, late quarter-
master   of   Alabama    volunteers  in    Florida,
ftr   payment    of    certain    items   in   his   ac-
count, not settled by accounting officers.     Mr.
C. also  presented the following memorials and
petitions that have been heretofore presented:   Me-
morial of the General Assembly of Alabamn for a
a cession of the Musclt Shoals Canal 10 that State,
aad the reports of the Muscle Shoals Canal.   Peti-
tion of certain citizens of Benton county, Ala.
asking a right of preemption in lieu of those of
which they were depiived under the act of 1834, by
the improper location of Creek Indian reservations.
Memorial of the Selma and Tennessee Railroad
Company, asking the right of way and a grant of
land to aid in the work-   Petition of citizens of the
Cherokee country, praying an extension of the pre-
emption act of 1838; and a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Alabama on the same subject.   Memo-
rial of many citizens of Benton and Cherokee coun-
ties, Ala. praying that the Cherokee territory may
be annexed to the Coosa land district, and the land
office removed to Jacksonville. Petition of citizens of
Beau  county asking the same. Petition of citizens
the of Cherokee country praying the establishment
of a new land district in that territory, and the lo-
cation of the land office in Cherokee county.   Me-
morial of the Legislature of Alabama asking a new
land office to be established in the Cherokee country.
Petition of citizens of Jackson county, and many
citizens of the Caerokee country, asking the esta-
blishment of a new land district, and the location
or* the office at Bellefonte, in JackVon county, Ala.
Petition of Isaac Morson, asking a pre-emption
right to a quarter section of land in lien of that of
which he was deprived under the act of 1830.   Pe-
tition ef Eu ha Morland and others, now en the
files of ibJs Hou«e, praying a grant of pre-emptions
in lieu of those of which they were improperly de-
prived under the act of 1830 ]
By Messrs. MILLER aad JAMESON, of Mis-
souri.
[Mr. Jameson presented the following preamble
and resolutions in relation to slaver*:   not  re-
ceived under the rule of the House.   A memorial
ef the Legislature of Missouri requesting a grant
of land for a railroad from Jeierson city by Mas-
«es*s iron works and the iron mountains to the
Missippi river:  referred  to   the   Committee  on
Roads and Canal*.    A memorial of the same,
asking an appropriation for the improvemrnt of
the Demoines river near its mouth: referred to the
same committee.   A memorial of the same in rela-
tion to common schools, asking that all the lands
within the State that have been in market twenty
years and not sold, be ceded to the State for  that
purpose: referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.   A memorial of the same on the subject of
the Santafe trade: referred to the Committee on
C Jmmeree.   A series of resolutions of the same on
the subject of the extension of¡ the Cumberland
road to the seat of Government of Missouri: re-
ferred to the Comrait'eeon Roads and Cana's. A se-
ries oí resolutions of the same in relation to the public
land?: referred to the Committee on the Publ'c Lands.
A memorial of the same in relation to a deaf and
dnmb asylum: referred to the Committee en Pub-
lic Expenditures.   A petition of sundry citizens of
Missouri, in relation to the Oregon Territory: re-
ferred to the Committee of Foreign Affairs.   A pe-
tition of John Gibson, asking a donation of certain
lands: referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.   A petition of Joseph And, asking permis-
sion to change an entry erroneously made: referred
to the Committee on the Pablic Lands.   A petition
of James Dickerson   and others, praying that a
mail route be established from   Bolivar, in Polk
county, by William Snadens, in Barry county, to
Sarcoxie, in Newton county, and that a pott office
be established at said Snaden's: referred  to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post   Roads.
The claim of Jacob Ford to a peowon: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.     A
memorial for the establishment of a harbor at Ra-
cine, WinoBsin Territory: referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. A petition for a mail route from
Jefferson city to Springfield, Missouri: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. A
petition of a respectable portion of the bar of Mis-
souri, praying that the district judge of that State shall
have the same jurisdiction over causes at the Octo-
ber trm (with the exception of appeals, Ac.) as
the circuit court has, and also that the salary of the
district judge be increased: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. A petition for a mail route
from Florida, by Mexico and Fulton, to Jefferson
city: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
anJ Post Roads. A petition of Presley Scott, show-
ing a claim against the Government for piles fur-
nished for the harbor at St. Louis, under a contract
made with R. E. Lee, the eng neer: referred to the
Committee of Claims. And the claim of Shrop.
shire and Ros<, against the Government, for provi-
sions furnished during the Black H iwk war, with
the accompanying evidence to support the same:
teferred to the Committee of Claims.]
[Mr. Miller presented the following joint me-
morials and resolutions of the Legislature of Mis-
souri, viz: A memorial on the subject of pre-emp-
tions, asking that right to be extended to all persons
who shall settle on the public lands, and cultivate
the same for two years after such settlement. A
memorial on the subject of patents, asking that an
endorsement be made, by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, on all patents hereafer is-
sued, of the plot of the section in which .such lands
may lie. A memorial on the subject of 16th sec-
tions, asking authority to select other lands, in
lieu thereof, where they are unfit for cultivation,
or where tniy have been diminished or lost by the
filling in of the lands situate or. the banks of
rivers. A memorial requesting that certain unsold
lands in the State of Missouri may be brought in-
to market. Also, the following petitions, viz. Of
JohojB. Fisher, and ethers, asking the establish-
ment of a post road from Jefferson city, Missouri,
by the way of California, Round Hill Po*t Office,
to Georgetown, in said State: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Of
Daniel Draper of Missouri, asking the passage of
a special act, granting to him the right of pre-emp-
tion to a certain tract of land therein mentioned
and described: referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands. Of James Maguire of Missouri,
asking additional compensation for services per-
formed by him as a clerk, in the Quartermaster
General's Office, at Washington City: referred to
the Committee of Claims. Of Uriel1 Sebuce, re-
ceiver of public moneys at Fayette, asking the pas-
saga of an act authorizing the proper accounting
officer of the Treasury Department to place to his
credit the sum of #200, for reasons set forth in said
petition: referred to the Commifee of Claims. Of
J. A. Hadwin, John Ward, and W. D. Parsons, of
Rocheport, Missouri, asking the passage of a law
authorizing them to import, duty free, the iron ne-
cessary to enab'e them to construct two iron steam-
boat , to be run or used on the Missouri river: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce. The peti-
tion and papers of Chiuncey Durkee of Missouri,
esking the passage of a law granting him the right
of pre-emption to a certain tract of land therein
describid: referred to the Committee on the Pab-
lic Lands. Of William Harden of Missouri, ask-
ing that the sum of $706 be refunded to him by the
Government of United States, of which sum he was
robbed by the Sac and Fox Indians, in the year
1813: referred to the Committee of Claims. Of
Wm. and C. Ewing, asking compensation for two
horses lost by ihem while in the service of the
United States, in the year 1813: referred to the
Committee of Claims. Of William Steel of Mis-
souri, a'kine a psnsion for his seivices as a soldier
during the Revolutionary war: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.]
By Mr. CROSS of Arkansas
By Mr. CRARY of Michigan.
By Mr. DOWNING of Florida.
[Mr. Downing presented the memorial of a con-
vention of the c tizen* of Florida, demanding ad-
mission into the Union as one of the sovereign
States thereof, together with a Constitution adopted
by said convention, submittei to the people and
approved by them.   He then presented the follow-
ing memorials, petitions, Ac.: From the citizena of
East Florida for a land office at Newnansvilla.
From a committee of St. Joseph as King an ap-
propriation for a court-house.   From the citizens
of East Florida   for a  division of tnat Terri-
tory.   Of the citizens of Dnval county for a di-
vision of Florida.    Of sundry citizens of East
Florida for a division of that Territory.     Pre-
sentment of the grand jury of Franklin county.
Presentment of the grand jury of Duval and Nas-
sau counties.    Of F. Pellicer, and others, pray-
ing relief from an   award of the Secretary |of
the Treasury, under the law of 1834, for the lostes
sustained by the operations of the United States
ttoops  in   Florida.    Of John  P.   Baldwin,   of
Key West, praying compensation for property lost
by order of commanding officer, to prevent said
property, being mostly lead, from falling into the
hands of the Indians. Of Capt. J.Y.Smith, praying
compensation  for* loss of steamboat   Hyperion.
Claim of Dr. Weeden, for property taken by mili-
tia in  the service of the United Stales.   Of Dr.
Weeden, for medicine furnished by Hewlitt, as
assistant surgeon, and for medical services of the
United Sta'esl   Of Mr. McDonald, for a horse.
Of J. Elzuardi, asking remuneration f r a slave
taken by the United States as Indian interpreter,
and sent to Arkansas.    Of Dr. Turner, for a horse.
Of Wm. McNaught,   for corn sold to the United
States troops.   Of   William   G.   Saunders, for
property    destroyed    by    the    United     States
army.   Petition   of   J.   Croskey,   and   others.
Claim of the heirs of Manuel Domingues to a
tract of land.   Memorial from the citizens oí Es-
cambia county for an appropriation to build a
court-house and jail.   From the c tizens of Jeffer
son county for money to repair a road from Monti-
cello to the navigable parts oí the river St. Marks.
Petition of sundry inhabitants of East Florida for
a road from Jacksonville to Fort White, on the
Santafee.   From the citizens of Nassau and Du-
valcounties for money to repair a road from Jack-
sonville to Camp Pinckney, on St. Mary's river.
From the citizeus of Florida for money to cut a
canal from Six Mile creek to the St. Sebastian.
Of the Lake Wiraico and St. Joseph Canal and
Railroad Company.   Of the citizens ot Nassau
county, praying an appropriation for a road.   Of
the citizens of East Florida for a road from Pablo
to Jacksonville.   Of the Alachua Grantees, pray-
ing  an   appropriation for a road.   Of the citi-
zens of St.   Joseph, Iola,  and   Chatlahoocbie.
praying an appropriation of $5,000 to repair a road
from Marianna to Iola, and an appropriation of
$5,000 to repair a road from Iola lo Chatahoochie.
From citizens of Columbia and Alachua counties,
praying an appropriation for a road from the Low-
er Suwanee springs to Newnansville.    Claim of
Capt. T. C. Ruldolph.   Of Capt. Clarke, and ac-
companying papers.   Of Capt. Peters, and accom-
panying papers.   Petition of Capt J. Houseman,
¿or pay for military services and expenditures.
Claim of Dr. Clark and Dr. Forry, vs. United
States, for medical services.   Of Dr. Worrell Vs.
United States, for medical services,]
By Mr. DOTY of Wisconsin.
[Mr. Doty   presented the following petitions:
Three petitions of citizens of Wiseonuu, for an
appropriation for the improvement of the harbor at
the mouth of Root river, Racine.   Three petitions
of citizens of Wisconsin, for an appropriation for
a harbor at Milwaukie.   Petition of citizens of
Wisconsin, tliat Milwaukie be declared a port of
entry.   Four petitions of citizens of Wisconsin, for
a confirmation'of the titles of Francois Laventure,
Ebenezer Childs, and Linus Thompfon, to land at
Milwaukie.   Petition ef citizens of Racine county,
Wisconsin, for an appropriation for opening the
harbor at the south momh of Pike creek, at Souih-
port.   Petit;on of citizens ofSouihport, for an ap-
propriation for the above purpose.   Four petitions
of citizens of Wisconsin, praying a separation of
the cilices of Governor and Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs; that the citizens of the Territory have
leave to elect the Governor, and that the Superin-
tendent be stationed in the Indian country.   Peti-,
tion of citizens of Racine county, for an appropri-
ation for a road from Southport to Beloit.   Of ciri-   ;
zens of Milwaukie county, praying for an appro-
