CONGBESSI0&AL GLOBE.
i 78
siSrj«16:fte¥sage oT theTJeparünent ia that re-
spect, nór did he know to what amount the agents
were entitled fox. disbursing these funds. He had
"informal ion to eaahle him to state positively at
what time this money was transmitted to the
agents; but he presumed when appropriations were
made by Coagress, ii was sent to them ia time to
meet the obligations of the Government.
It nrght be six months or less. The amount
of balances en hand, according to the gentleman's
ownshowing, was not sufficient by several hun-
dred thousand dollars, even if the appropriations
onder the different heads should be aggregated, to
pay the amount becoming due on the 4th of Maich.
These balances are from appropriations under the
several pension laws, to be specifically appl ed to
the different classes, and he did not see, by eat-
ing laws, how the appropriations under one head
could be applied to other objects. The estimates
bad been furnished and laid before the House,
showing what was nece-sary to be done to meet
the obligations of the Government. Mr. J. then
went on to examine those estimates, and show that
the balances on hand were net sufficient for that
purpose.
Mr. BANKS rose lo trouble the committe with
a very few remarks. He understood that when a
bill was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, the object was to render it open for such
amendments as might be necessary. He did not
suppose, however, that any amendments would be
offered, but that the committee would at once rise,
and report the bill to the House. But before this
was done, he wished to reply to an allusion that
had been made by the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Garland,] to a distinguished citizen of his
State, who is the president of one of iis banks.
The gentleman said that Dr. Brockenbrough was the
r gent for payiog pensions in Virginia, and derived
certain advantages from the agency. Now the fact
was, Dr. B. as an individual, had no more to do
with it than the gentleman himself. The money was
deposited >■ the bank of which he is president, and
a"= president of the bank only has he any agency.
When the agent for the parpóse examined the
claim of aRevolui nary pensioner, the agen', if
the claim was passed, gave a check to the claimant
or bis constituted attorney for the amount due h>m,
which check being presented, was paid at the
counter of the bank, of which Dr. Brockenbrough
was the president."
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
MARVIN, HOLLEMAN, REED, and PETRI-
KIN.-when
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana submitted the
following amendment:
"Be it further enacted, That no money appropri-
ated by this act shall be placed in the hands of
pension agents more than one month before the day
lor 'he semi-annual payment of pensions."
After a further debate, in w hich Messrs. CRAIG,
BEATTY, and SERGEANT, look part,
Mr. UNDERWOOD, after some remarks, sub-
mitted the fo lowing amendment to the amend-
ment of Mr. Garland: to strike out and insert:
Each rensicn agent shall be allowed as compen-
sation for h s services------per cnt. on the ami unt
of money disbursed by him: Provided, That r.o
pension agent shall receive as compensa'ion more
than 1,500 dollar  per annum.
Be it further enacted, That it shall be unlawful
for any pension agent to use or apply to his own
purposes, or to lend to any person or persons, or to
suffer any percon or persons to use, any part of the
public moneys placed in his bands or subject to h s
control; and, if any pension agent shall violate the
foregoing piovisions of this sectionr he shall, upon
conviction thereof before any court of ccmpeteat
jnrisdiction, undergo and suffer imprisonment for a
period of time not less than one nor more than five
years, at the discretion of the jury convicting the
offender.
After a further debate, in which Messrs. LEET,
THOMPSON of South Carolina, JONES of Virgi-
nia, BEATTY, RAMSEY, SERGEANT, BELL,
CURTIS, and WHITE, took part,
The committee, without having taken any ques-
tion, rose and reported progress; when.
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 8,1840.
Several pe itions, heretofoie la d over under the
rule, because of debate arising thereon, were dis-
posed of.
The CHAIR announced that the first thing in
order was the memorial presented by the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Davis] of the National
Road Convention, held at Terre Haute, Indiana,
in July, 1839, the question being on his motion to
refer the same to the Commit'ee on Ways and
Means; and the amendment thereto by Mr. Casey,
with the following instructions:
"And that said committee be instructed to report
a. bill, makm* an appropriation of one hundred and
fifty th> u<and dollars for each of the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, to be expended on the
national road in said States, in the year 1840, nn-
der the direction of the War Department; said ap-
propriation to be subject to all the res>rictions and
conditions of former appropriations on said road."
Mr. LINCOLN suege^ted that this being one of
the days allotted for the reception of petition*, this
particular petition cou'd not come up. The rule
provided that when petitions were laid over on
account of debate arisin; on teem, they must be
tabea up on some day that petitions were not in
order.
1 lie SPEAKER replied that the practice of the
House had not been to apply this rule during the
thirty days allowed for petitions in the beginning
of the s-ssion; but only applied to such petitions as
were laid over on account of debate, after the
thirty days had expired.
Mr. RARIDEN said it was  not his object to oc-
cupy the time ol the House in any explanation in
regard to the merits of the^e instructions, so often
a matter of discuss'ou. His Object was to save the
time of ihe House. In looking over the estimates
before the Ways and Meins Committee, he foHrd
that the Cumberland Road had been entirely omit-
ted. It has not been recogni-ed by the Secretaiy of
the Treasury as one of the objects which should
claim the attention of Congress. These instruc-
tions, he thought, placed this matter in a
very unfavor ble position, thcuah he was in
favor of any thing which would reach the
subject. It w?s important to the people of
the West to know the canse why it was omitted
frr m the estimates. Whether it was a temporary
abandonment, or was only because of the embar-
rassment* of the Treasury at this time. It would
be remembered by the House that no appropria-
tion was made last year to carry on this road, and
the consequence is, that the materials already pur-
chased are being wased and going to decay; and
even parts of the road, which were partially com-
pleted, are in a condition to incur a total was'e of
the moneys expended, if something be not done to
arrest the decay. It was important to know
whether it was to progress; and it was for that rea-
son that the friends of the measure took this course
to bring ihe matter before the Committee of Wavs
and Means, inasmuch as there was no recommen-
datory expressions to Congress by the Eteeutcve,
to show the importance of taking seme action on
the subject. He did not consider it proper, then,
to go into the meiits of the question, or discuss the
subject, unless something more tangible should be
presented.
Mr. PICKENS said, if he understood the re-o-
lutiors now brought up. they proposed instructions
to the Committee of Ways and Means with re-
gard to the Cumberland road. The object of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Casey,] in moviüg
thee ir.stiuctions, was, in a manner,  o obtain tbe
expression of an opinion on the part of this Hou^e
in favor of an appropriation for that road. Now
he would submit to the House if it was fit and
proper, at this early period of the session, to bring
up a d scussion on this subject. A vote in favor
of these resolutions would be equivalent to a passage
of the Cumberland road bill; and was the House
prepared to march up to this que-tion at thw early
renod of the session? The gent'eman from Ind,-
ana, [Mr. Raridin,] was tto skilful a parliamenta-
rian not to know the eff<ct of the passage of tim
resolution at this period of the session. He would
submit to ih* Home whether it would not be proper
to wait for the coming up of this.Cumberland road
bill in the regular way, insieadof bringieg it up in
this manner for dscusspn in advance; and he
would also submit whether it was. nut fit and pro*
per to let the Committee of Ways and Means pur*
sue the regular routine of the b;grh and responsbte
dutiis committed to them, without being embarrass-
ed by instructions like these. That conamittee was
the peculiar guardian of the public treasure: it wat
not constituted for this or that particular measure,
hut for the general interests of the whole country.
If this resolution should be adopted, gentlemen
would get up resolutions to bring forward another
favorite measure, and thus the committee, as well
as the House, would be embarrassed by the con-
sideration of measures in advance. He. protested
agaii st embanassinz the committee with these
collateral questions. Let us wait until we know
what are the resources of the country, before We
commit ourselves to an appropriation .for this or
that particular measure. Was this Cumberland
road of more importance than the civil and diplo-
matic appropriations, or the appropriations for the
army and navy? Why, then, should this matteu
be discussed in advance? It was unwise, impoli-t
tic, and unjust, thus to override the important busi-
ness of the country. He looked upon the resolu-
tion as inexpedient and uantcessary, and plunging1
the House into embarrassment arid-difficulty, and
as nothing less than prematurely voting-;m the pas-
sage of the Cumberland road bill. Mr. P. con-
cluded by moving to lay the resolution on (he
table.
Mr. CASEY moved a call of the House. He
wished to have a decisive expression of the opi*
nions of the House on a question .of this im>i
porta nee.
Tae motion having been agreed to,
The roll was called, when it appeared that 170
members answered to their naroe-^and after calling,
the absentees, and excusing these who were absent
in consequence of sickness,
Mr. BANKS moved that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WICK rose for the purpose of asking Mm
Pickens to withdraw his antion to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, to enatle him to make an expla-
nation personally intertstmg himself. • He ap-
pealed to tbe gemleman, he said, to withdraw bis
mction even on the hard terms? of hi&fjVir. Ws)
pledging himself to renew it on esonchidijg what he-
wished to say.
Mr. PICKENS then withdrew his motion, saying;-
that he only did so because the gentleman from left
diana  wished to make a p;rsonal explanation, and
on the condition that he would renew it.
Mr. BIDDLE ro-e to a point of order, whether
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Pickens]
could withdraw his motion, en condition that the
gentleman frtm Indiana would receive it. He
wished to put ihe question distinctly to'the House,
whether it would ulerate such compacts.
The SPEAKER was of opnion ihat the gentle-'
man from South Carolina could wiihdraw his- mo-'
tion, but the Chair could have nothing to do with
the gentleman's motives for so doing.
Mr. BIDDLE.    Can he withdraw it on a pledge?
The SPEAKER replied that hecoo¡d not under-
take to say whether there was a pledge or not.'
That was a matter with which the Chair had no-
thing to do.    He could only consider the fact
whether the motion was withdrawn or not.
Mr. BIDDLE appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. PICKENS then said that the* gentleman
from Indiana would see the difficulty occasioned
by his reqnen for him to withdraw hrs motion; and
he hoprd the gentleman would, therefore, excuse
him lor renac ing hts promise, and fayinsf, as he
now íeluctantly did, that he could not withdraw -
his motion.                                             ■     -
Tae CHAIR was about putting the question oblJ
Mr. Biddle's appeal, when that.gentle man, has- .
ing uaderstood from Mr. Wick that the etplana-
tion he wished to  make was a personal; matter,
withdrew the appeal.
Mr. WICK then said, that the. reasons why he
had asked for and obtaiaed the withdrawal <  " •
