m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mg the names and salaries of the clerks employed
in the several bureaus of that Department during
the year 1839;
Also, a report from the Secretary of War, show-
ing the contracts made bv that Department during
the year 1839;
Also, a report from the Sccreiary of War, trars-
mitnng a report of Nathan-el West, ccmmiss oner
to investigate claims against the Miami Indians,
/or the year 1839;
which were severally  laid on the table, rnd or-
•dered to be pnn'ed.
Also, a report from ihe Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, in compliance with the resolution of the Se-
nate of the 3 j ult. relative to the estimated amount
wh.ch will be received from the salt duty during
the years 1840, 1841, 1842, and 1843, &c ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ROBINSON presented the petition of Jo-
seph G. Bowman and other*, for a mail loute;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GRUNDY presenied the petition of Wil-
liam Pordy; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented the memorial of
Alexander Jones, oa the subject of removing the
bars and deepening the channels in tie Ohio and
mouth of the Mississippi rivers, and applicable to
the improvement of the Western wateis generally;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER presented a document in rela-
tion to the survey of the coast and harbors of the
State of Missiisippi; which was refined to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
punted.
Mr. WALL presented a memorial of a number
of citizens of the United Siates, praying the impo-
sition of a moderate duty on imported s Iks; wh.ch
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TALLMADGE presen ed a petition from
eitizens of Philadelphia county, praying the aboli-
tion of slavery and the slave trade in ihe Diar.ct
of Columbia.
The met ion cf reception was, on motion by
Mr. CLAYot Alabama, laid upon the table.
Mr. TALLMADGE also presented a memorial
of the reptescntatives of the Society rf Friend-, in
the State ot New Ycr.r, praying (or the abu'ition
of the foreign and dtmest c slave trade.
On motion by Mr KLNG, the motion for recep-
tion was laid on the table.
Mr, T. also presen td a memorial from cit zens
of Philadelphia, praying fgr a duty on ioreign
S'llis; which WcS relerred to the Committee on fi-
nance.
Mr. T. alto present'd the memorial of citizens of
Raeine, in Wisconsin Teintoiy, for the improve-
ment ot that harbor, which was rderrcd to ihe
Committee on Commerce
Mr. SEVIER prcented the memorial of ihe
Legislative Assembly of Iowa, praying CoDgress to
extinguish the Indian tit e in that Territory; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. YOUNG presented the pe'ition of a number
of citizens oi the State of Illinois, pray in? lor the
establishment of a post road from Vandalia, Illi-
nois, to Watertown, which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Feast roads.
Mr. Y. also presented ihe petition of a number
of ci izens of Aurora, Illinois, ptayi .g for increase
of mail facilities bPtween Chcago and Duou'a
Ferry m thatState, which was referred (o the Ccm-
nuitee on the Post Office and Fost Roid*.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
members of the bar ot Wil'iamsport, Lycoming
county, Pennsylvania, praying lor an increase of
¡salary to the judge ot the United Stales for the
western district of Pennsylvania; *hiehw*s reler-
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. S. also presented ihtee rremonals from citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying for the imposition ot
a moderate duty on imported silks, which were re-
ferred tb the Committee on Finance.
Mr. S. also presented a petition of certain citi-
zens of Blcekley, Philadelphia county, praying
against the admisnon oí any folate, which tolerates
süflftyt uw the Ueipn.
On mo'ion by Mr. PRESTON, the motion of re-
ception was laid on the table.
Mr LINN presented the memorial of H. Horigh
and others citizens ot the S a e of Kentucky, pray-
ing the adoption of measures by thi-*GQyernm°iit for
the estab i>hmenl and protection of a cokny in the
Oregon Territory, which was referre 1 to the Se'ect
Committee on the Oiegon Territory, and ordered
to be printed
Mr. MOUTON pre'ented the memora! of John
B Theale and others ■praying the establishment of
apoitof entry at Perry's Bridge, on Verrai'ion
bav, in the Slate of Louisiana; which was referred
to the Comm ttee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. MOUTON, the pslition of
James B. Sullivan, now on fi e, was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr KING piesented the petition of a number of
c.tizens of Macon county, Alabama, praying to be
allowed to enter other lands in lien of the 16 h sec-
tion, in towmhip 17, in said county, for the use of
ichools, and improperly located to certain Ird an«;
which was refeiredto the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. K. also presented the memorial of a number
of citizens of Mobile, praying an appropriation for
the erection of light-bonces and beacors, for ren-
dering1 more secure the navigation between Mobile
and New Orleans; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. K. also presented the petition of John Scott,
praying remuneration for the destruction of his
property by a par y of emigrating Creek Indians;
which was referí eJ to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of a
number ot half breeds of the Sioux tribe of In-
dians, praying Congress to carry certain treaty
stipulations into effect, which was referí ed to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. B also presented six memorials of citizens
of the United States, praying an imposition ol a
moderate duty on f >reign silks; which weie re-
ferred to the Committee t n Finance.
Mr. LINN, trom the Comm free on Private
Land Cla'm , to winch w<>s referred the petition of
WiKon P Hunt, repor ed a bill (or the relief of
Gregoire P. Sarpy, or his legal represen'ative*,
wi ich was read, and ordered to a recond reading
Mr. L al'O, from the «ame committee, to wh ch
was re fei ed the ! ill to quiet the tides of certain land
claiman's in the S ates c*" Missouri and Arkar
and for other purposes, reported it without ami
ment.                                                        •
CUMBERLAND FOAD.
Mr SMI1H if Indiara, fiom tie Commitle'
on Roads and Canals, to which the subject had'
been referred by a resolution of the Senate, repott-
ed a bill making an r-ppropnation, payable by in-
stalments, of a sum sufhr ent to complete the Cum-
berland road in iheStstesof Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, and Missouri, and transferring the road to
those States under certain restrictions.
The bill was accompanied by a long report,
in which it is maintained that the Cumberland road
was conceived and commenced in the wise and
statesmanlike policy of the times, with an eye to the
payment of the Revolutionary debt, by making the
Western lands tributary to that object, that the
Cumberland road is a great national work, to the
final comp'eion cf vrtich the national faith is
pledged; that the contract be'ween the General Go-
venirrei.t and the S ates of Ohio, Ind ana, Illmo s,
and Missouri, under what is termed ih c mpacis,
was for the construct on of the road, and that the two
per cert was not grantedU> the States to make Ihe
road, but reserved by the General Government to
make one, and that she is bound to construct it un-
der the compacts at all even s; that it the General
Government could be viewed in the light of a
trustee to iheFtate*, st'll st-e was bound lora judi-
cious and economical application of the whole
fund corrm'ttrd to hfr charge to the object intend-
ed, and she could not d'scharge herself by saying
that the fund was reduced by grants, donations,
the payment of mil tary bounties, reductions of
price, ana pre emptiors, authorized by hets-lf;r>or
could she e-cape fr< m her re'ponsibi ny by saying
that she bad laid out her woik on a scale too ex- j
I psnsive for the fnnd reserved by her to complete;
that a transfer to the States of tha funds, annual'y,
with the future charge of the road, would insure a
continuous and energetic prosecution ot the work,
upon the most economical principles Eachpcsi-
lion, and others, are examined at length
The bill was read a first and second time, and
the report, on molion of Mr. SMITH, with one
thous nd extra copies, was ordered to be printed
REGULATION OF FOREIGN COMMERCE.
Mr BENTON rose  to move the Senate to re-
pnut certain resolutions for the regulation of fo eign
commerce, on   principles of reciprocity and mu-
tual benefit, which he had brought into the Senate
near ten years ago, but wh ch had not tl en ripened
into any legislative action.   The resolutions were
then brought forward,  in view of the approaching
extinction  of the public debt, and the consequent
ability oí the Government to make agreatreduc-
tim of dut es  on fore gn imports; lor which reduc-
tions he then  believed, as he now believe?, that
both the Constituí on ot the United State-, and the
inteiest of the country, required equivalent advan-
tages to be demanded Irom foreign countries, in
return for the great advantages they would receive
from such a large abolition of duties on their ex-
po'ts biought to our country.    If the re so u'ions
had then npened into legis ative measure,   the
country would not now have to regret ihe annual
importation i f fifty millions of free goods from
counties, several of which oppress with enormous
djties, and fetter  with  injurious restriction*, the
products of the United Slates which go  to their
ports.
Having failed in his attempt to procure this re-
gulation of foreign commerce at the epoch ol the
exunctton of the public debt, he had .since looked
forward to the next event in the history cf the
country, wh ch would enable him to renew the at-
tempt. This would be lound in the approach eg
expira'ion of what is called the cimpromise ac,
ard which would expire on the 30 h oí Jure, 1842.
That act conducted trffe dut es to a point at which
they cou'd not remain—to a point which wou d
produce a reaction—and would involve a general
ieadju«tment of the dut es on imports It was to p e-
pare for th s event, and o be n a condit on to an-
t cipa'e action by prevn us delibera on, founded on
infoimation, that he had moved at the last session
for the call on the Secietary of s-tate for a report
on the burdens and restrictions on the commerce of
tne United States in fore gn port ; wh ch call the
t¿ie Secretary (Mr. Fjis>th ) h? d nb y and elabo-
/ra'ely answered, and of winch answer tie Senate
/hadditected a lar¿e eJi un to be pnntel. This call
/ for the report was his first step towards t',e revival
of the plan con ained in his comineicial resolutions
of 1831- the second step was, lo reprint those reso-
lutions, as contain ng his exposition of ihe meaning
of the Constitution, and his opinion of the duty of
Congress under it, and the advantage which would
redound to the country from the di'charge of that
duty. When the report of the Secretary should be
printed, he should move practically upon the sub-
ject, and should endeavor lo ripen his plan into a
legislative act.
Mr. B. said it would not be expected of him at
this time, and f n this m< ticn to reprint former re-
jolut ons, that he should go into any general expo-
sition or support of the plan of commercial recipro-
city which he proposed, but it \uu'd be proper in
hiin to oiy that what be pro o<ed was n tiling
more nor less lhan the levival oi the p'an cont i n-
ed in Mr. Jefferson's repoit, and Mr. Madi onsie-
solutions.on the regulatun offer-ign commerce, as
far back as the year 1703, and «Inch repoit and re-
solutions presented the true int-rpretai on el the
Cons nut on of the Unit d States, and contempla-
ted the acquisition of advantages to their country
proportionate * to the advantages wh ch other na-
tions received from us in the fie> or in the cheap
adm sston of their prcduets into our ports.
The Consti utirn gran's two distinct powers lo
Congress in relation to foreign cummerce, the nVst
power is, to raise revenue from 'rrpoits ->r the ne-
cessities of the General Government; the .other, to
regulate comm rce with ferei<n nations^ These
«re distinct powers, granted for different objects
and not convertible or   tiamroulablc into erch
