CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
26th Cono----...1st Skss.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1840.
Volume 8.........No. 12.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE 81 PER SESSION.
[Continued from Jfo. 11]
other.   One of them—ihe first one—has bcei   ex-
ercised from the day it was granied, and has been
greatly abased, and perverted to objects for which
it was not granted; the other has never been exer-
cised at all; ani has remained so long dormant
that its parpóse seems to have been   forgotten, {
though the clause is oflen invoked to cover all  |
so: ts of absurd and unconstitutional propositions.  ;
Mr. Jefferson, by his report, and Mr. Madison, by
his resolutions, attempted to ex cute ih s power—
to give it a practical application to foreign com-
merce, according   to the  meaning of ihe Coosti-
tu'ion; and their plan was lo rs'ablish a discrimi- >
nating duty of ten per cent, against the products
and manufactures of the countries which refused
to enter into treaties of reciprocity wiih us; that is,
who refused to take some of our staples on favora-
ble term , in consideratioa of ihe iavor we extended
to theirs.   Tne cheapness of our Government, and
the largeness and value of our exports, it was seen,
from the beginning, must put it into our power to
demand, and to command^ equivalents from other
nations for the free or cheap admission of their
Sroducts iato our country, and this is what Mr.
lad.son's resolutions proposed to do. He was
defeated, and barely defeated, by ihe Federalists
and the British merchants, healed by Gen. Hamil-
ton; and immediately after the rej. ciion of his re-
solutions, the wars of the French Revolution came
on, followed by the decrees of the Emperor Napo-
leon, and orders in council of the British; which,
in a measure, broke up foreign commerce; and, at
all events, put it out of onr power to regulate even
our own by Jaw. These wars, aDd thess tuinous
attacks upon commerce, have long since ceased;
and since ten years, be (Mr. B ) bad meditated
the revival of the great work commenced by Mr.
Jefferson and Mr. Madison, in 1793, and defeated
by the Federal votes and British influence of that
day.
Without going further into the subject at pre-
sent, Mr. B. said, that the consequence of debat-
ing Mr. Madison's resolutions were—first, that an
important and express power in the Constitution
had remained unexecuted for fifty years; secondly,
that the regulating of foreign commerce (so far as
it had been attempted) was done by the President
and Senate alone, in viitue of ihe treaty-making
power; and to the exclusion of the Hotise of Re-
presentatives, which, as a part of Congress, had a
right, and was bound by the Constitution, to act
with the other component parts of ihe legislative
power, in regulating commerce with foreign na-
tions; thirdly, that fifty millions of foreign products
were now received free of duty from nations which
opp'essed our exports with enormous, and, in some
instances, prohibitory duties; fourthly, for want of
acting on this plain command of the Conjtitution,
and applying the clause to its proper object, it was
made the source of latitudinanan and absurd con-
structions, and wild claims of power for a multi-
tude of objects never thought of in the Constitution;
and, ftflhly, it was made a part of the pretexts and
justification for the late enormous tariff, that we
might punish other nations by retaliating upon
their productions the high dutits which they im-
posed apon oars.
Mr. B. said he hoped he should be more suc-
cessful now than be was ten years ago, in his
attempt to engage the attention of the Senate and
of the country to ihe earnest consideration of this
great subject. The lime was approaching when
they would be forced to readjust the whole tariff of
duties; and it was the part of common prudence to
foresee events, and to provide for them beforehand,
instead of waiting until the crWs arrived, and
when action, wihout de'iberation and without
choice of alternatives, became the law of necessity.
The compromis  act, as it is called, was only an
adjournment of the question of the tariff—an ad-
journment of the question from the time when the
country was prepared for action on it, to a time
when it will not be thinking of it. This act ex-
piies in 1842, and every prudent man must foresee
ihe straggle which is then to come on, and for which
one party is now preparing, by endeavoring to create
a nee ssity for ihe renewed imposition ot high du-
ties. Every attempt to divert the land revenue from
the Federal Treasury, is a ¡-tep taken in preparirg
one party for thi strugg'e of 1842. It is my with
lo prepare for that struggle also; and to prepare for
it by anticipating the event—by exercising a
granted power, thus far lying dormant in the Con-
stitution—nod exercising it according to its true
intent and meaning, and to the manifest benefit of
the whole Union. The regulation of foreign com-
merce upon the principle of reciprocity—treating
the products of others as they treat ours—measur-
ing back to every nation the same degree of favor,
or disfavor, which it measures out to us; this is the
intent of our Constitution, the interest of our coun-
try, and the duty of oar Government. In the lan-
guage of Mr. Jefferson, "FREE COMMRRCE
AND NAVIGATION ARE NOT TO BE GI-
VEN IN EXCHANGE FOR VEXATIONS AND
RESTRICTIONS; nor are we to play the unprofi-
tabl: and barbarian game of injuring ourselves to
injure others. A reciprocity of benefits, instead of
a reciprocity of injuries, should be oar policy; and
this policy should be p-e-¡ented, and imposingly
presented, to all the nations with which we trade.
It may not be that every one may find itself in a
situation to relieve our exports to the same degree
that we relieve theirs; but every one can do some-
thing: every one can relax, in some degree, its
severe restrictions, and lighten, to some extent, its
heavy impositions, on some essential taricle of our
exports. Each one that pleases can do this much;
and those that do not please, we ran force. Onr
position, and our circumstances, enable us to con-
trol and influence the commercial sys'em of the
civilized world. The large amount of our ex-
ports, their importance to other nations, our free-
dom from debt, the cheapness of our Government,
Ihe value of our custom, and our geographical po-
sition, enable us to command the commercial sys-
tem of the world. We can command it: and we
shall be blind to events and unfaithful to our Con-
stiia'ion, to our interest, and to our duty, if we do
not so far control and influence this system as to
secure equivalent advantages for our expo'ts,
in return for the advantages which they
receive from us in the admission of their
products free of duty, or on the payment
of a low and moderate duty. A discrimina-
tion of ten per centum te Ihe prejudice of nations
which refused to reciprocate advantages with us,
would throw her commerce into the back ground,
and make it secondary and inferior to the com-
merce of those in the same article which paid ten
per centum less. Thus, and to exemplify the ar-
gument: a discriminain? duty of ten per centum
on either silks, wines, cottons, linens, woollens,
or worsteds, &c. &c. against any nation which re-
fused to enter into reciprocal arrangements for the
more favorable admission of our tobacco, would
immediately compel France and England to soften
their rigorous* )'stems in relation to that article, in
order to avoid an enormous loss in losing a princi-
pal market for some one, or more, of their great
staples. This would be ¡is effect on the tobacco
trade; and so it would be in relation to flour, rice,
b?ef, pork, and every staple article of our ex-
ports.
Mr. B. said, that having given this glimpse of the
plan wbicbflie proposed to revive,and havingexplain-
ed the reasons for the motion ho intended to make,
he would say no more at presen'; and would con-
clude wiih moving to reprint the resolutions to
which he referred.
The reso'utions were then read as follows:
In Senate op the United States,
February 26, 1831.
Mr. Benton submitted the following resolution , which were
read, and ordered to be printed, and laid on the table:
Reaolved, That the powers conferred on Congress by the
States lo lay and collect duties, and to regulate commerce, are
distinct and inconvertible powers, aiming at different objects,
and requiring different forms ol legislative action, the levying
power being confined to imports, and intended to raise revenue,
the regulating power being directed to exports, and solely in-
tended to procure favorable terms in foreign ports for the ail-
mission of the ships and products of the States.
2.  That the power to lay and collect duties on imports was
solicited by the founders of the present Federal Government,
and granted bv the States for the express purpose of raising re-
venue, ami paying the public debt, and with the solemn1 and re-
iterated assurance that the duties levied for paying the debt
should cease the moment the debt was paid; which assurance
was given in answer to objections fiom the Sia'es, and to quiet
the apprehension expressed by some of thein, that the grant of
power to Congress to raise revenue from the commerce of the
States, without limitation of time or quantity, and without ac-
countability to them for its expenditure, might render Congiebs
independent of the States, and endanger their liberties and pros-
perity.
3.  That the public debt will (probably) be paid oil" in the
year 1834, and the amount of about twelve millions of dollars of
revenue will then be subject to abolition, and ought to be abo-
lished, according to the agreement of the parlies at the estab-
lishment of the piesent Federal Government, and in conformity
to ihe present actual condition and interest of the Slates.
4.  That an abolition of twelve millions of duties will be arc-
lief to the people from about sixteen millions of taxes, (esti-
mating the retail merchant's advance upon the duties at one-
third;) and that the said abolition may be made without dimi-
nishing the incidental protection due to any essential branch or
pursuit of domestic industry, and with manifest advantage to
most of them.
5.  That, for the purpose of enabling Congress to determine
wi.h entire safely to every interest, and with full satisfaction to
the public mind, what branches and pursuits of domestic indus-
try may be entitled to protection, and ought to be guarded from
the injurious effects of foreign competition, a joint committee
of the Senate and House of Representatives ought to be ap-
pointed, to take the examinations of practical men (producers,
coosnmets. and importers,) in all doubtful cases, and to leport
their evidence to the two House of Congress.
6.  That the saidcommitteeought to be appointed at the com-
mencement of the next stated session.
7.  That the power to regulate foreign commerce was granted
to Congress by the States for the express and sjIc puipose of
enabling Congress to obtain and secure favorable markets
abroad for the exports of the States, and favorable terms for the
admission of their ships, and to effect these objects by establish-
ing an equitable system of commercial reciprocity, discrimina-
tion, and retaliation, which should measure back to every fo-
reign nation the same degree of favor or disfavor which itself
measured out to the commerce and navigation of the United
States.
8.  That the power to regulate foreign commerce, although
one of the first of the enumerated powers in the Constitution,
and the inducing cause to ita adoption, has never yet been ex-
ercised by Congress.
9.  That the approaching extinction of the public debt, and
consequent obligation to abolish, and advantage in abolishing,
about twelve millions of annual revenue, will enable the United
States in receive a large portion of her foreign commerce, say
the one half thereof, free of duty; and that the fair principles of
a just reciprocity, the dictates of obvious policy, justice to the
Stales, and the constitutional duty of the Federal Government,
already too long deferred, will require this Government to de-
mand equivalents from all nations which may wish lobe admit-
ted to a participation in the enjoyment ol this great amount of
free and unrestricted trade.
10.  That the free importation of the following articles (among
others) may be admitted into the United States without compro-
misingthe prosperity of any branch or pursuit of domestic in-
dustry, and with manifest advantage *.o most of them; namely,
linens, silks, wines, coffee, cocoa, worsted stuff goods, several
descriptions of woollens, several qualities of line cottons, seve-
ral kinds of spirits, A:c &c.
11.  That the free importation of the said articles ought to be
offered to all nations which shall grant equivalent advantages
to the commerce and navigation ol the United States, and will
teceive the products of their industry; namely, fish, furs, lum-
ber, naval stores, beef, bacon, pork, grain, flour, rice, cotton,
tobacco, live stock, manufactures of cotton, leather, wood, and
silk, butter and cheese, soap and candles, hats, glass, and gun-
powder, lead, shot, and sugar, spints made of grain and lnnlas-
i-es, <kc. &c. or some adequate proportion thereof, either free
of duly, or upon payment of moderate and reasonable duties, to
be «creed unon in trealiec, and to continue for a term of year*,
and to no other na'ions whatever.
12.  That there is nothing in existing treaty stipulations with
foreign powers to prevent the regulation of our commerce upon
the foregoing principles.
13.  Thatall commercial nations will find ittotheir advantage
to regulate their commerce with the United States, on thefs
principles, a , in doing so, they will substitute a fair and literal
trade for a trade of vexations, oppressions, restrictions, and
smuggling; will obtain provisions for subsistence, and materi-
als for manufactures, on cheaper term* and more abundantly,
will promote their own exports; will increase their revenue, by
increasing consumption and diminishing smuggling; and, in re-
fusing to do so, will draw great injury upon themselves In Ihe
loss which will ensue of seveial great branches of their trace
with the United States.
14 That the agriculture, manufactures, commerce, andtia-
vigation of the United States, would be greatly benefitted by
regulating foreign trade on the foregoing principles: first, by
getting rid of oppressive duties upon ihe staple productions ol
the United States in foreign markets; secondly, by lowering
at home the price of many articles of comfort or necessity, ™
ported from abroad.                                                      „,,„,t«tinir
15. That the safest'and most satisfactory mode of regutai ing
foreign commerce on these piinciples would be [£ comDimng
thealtionof the legislative and treaty "«*'"? P°wers t,on
«Ties* fixing, by law or jointre.o utiori, .he; ^'^s™dw ;¿CVllh
ties may be abolished, and the fcxecuuiro      „           o
foreign nations for the grant of equivalents.
