184
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a right to be informed concerning it, and the com-
mittee to which he proposed to refer these memo-
rials, was the be-t source to which we could apply
for that information.
The memorials were then referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of a
number of citizens of Wisconsin, praying the con-
s'rnclion of a haibor at Mulwaukie; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented four itemorials of
inhabitants of LancaMer county, Pennsylvania,
pravin?, the imprsition of a moderate duty on ¡m-
pofifd <;.Us which was referred to ihe Committee
on Finance.
Mr TALLMADGE presented the petition of a
number of the cit /ens of the State of New York,
praying the passage of a general bankrupt law;
which was relet red to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. YOUNG presented the petition of James
Pierre, paying an allowance of bonrity land;
which was relVrred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred—
The petition of Join Morton and John F. Lar-
rable;
The memorial of Joseph RardclifT;
The petition of David Taylor;
The petui n of Thomas Elliott; and
The pet t:on of Britton Evans;
made, severally, a.h'erse reports upon the same;
which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on ihe Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph Roby;
which wj><: read, and ordered to asreoni reading
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from the Committee en
the Public Lands, to which was referred a bill to
an'h^r'ze the Legislature of the State of Louisiana
ip ;e!l (Ve lands heretofore appropriated for the use
of sc.h-.ols within that State, reported the same with-
out amendment.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the President's message on
the subject, reported a bill to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to refund the duties collected
on the French ship Alexandre; which was read,
and orlered 10 a second reading.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Joint Committee on
ihe Library, to whieh was referred the subj ct, re-
ported a bi'l "o regulate duties npon the importa-
tion productions of the fioe arts; which was read,
and crderrd to a secrnd reading.
Mr. FULTJN, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, t> wh'chwas referred abulto perfect
titles to lands south of the Arkansas river, he'd
un-ier New Madrid Iccaiions and pre-empton
rights, under the act of 1814, repcrted it without
amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claim*;, asked to be discharged fr<m the further
consideratioa of the petition of Seymour Treat;
whieh was * greed te.
Mr. YOUNG, agreeably to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to amend the act
entitled "an act to amend an act entitleel 'an act for
laying off the tjwns of Fort Madison and Bur-
lington, in ihe county of Des Moines, and the
towns of Belleview, Du Buque, and Peru, in the
couniy of Dú Buque, Territory of Wisconsin, and
for otier purposes, approved March 3, 1837;' "
which va.% twice read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pablic Land*.
The bill to regulate the issuing and circulating
of bgnk paper in the District of Columbia was read
the second lime, and, on motion of Mr. TAPPAN,
it was ordered to lie on the table.
The resolutions submitted some days since by
Mr. Linn, were taken up,considered,and agreed to.
ASSUMPTION OF STATE DEBTS.
The   rerortofthe  Select Committee,  to  h;ch
was referred the resolu ion of Mr. Benton and
the re;o!mion  of Lcmpkin,   on ihs subject of the
assumpiicn of Ihe Slate debt; by  the General Go-
vernment, being the special order of the day, was
taken up.
Mr. ALLEN a Idresred the Senate at great length
apd with much ability, on the principles if Ihe te-
portj when   The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, February 11, 1840.
After the reading of the journal,
Mr. ADAMS inquired of the Chair the reason
why his decision was not recorded on the journal
in relation to the resolution of Mr. Rhett, touch-
ing the slaves liberated by the authoriiies of the
i land of Cuba, taken from the American vessel
Enierpiis ; and the resolution of Mr. Davis of
Kentucky, proposing a negotiation wi h the British
Government for the suirender of fugitive slaves in
possession of her local authorities on this con-
tinent.
The CHAIR stated that it was not usual to in-
sert in the Journal the opinions of the Speaker as
to whether certain resolutions came within the
rales, unless an appeal was taken from his de-
cision.
After some irregular conversation in relation to
the poin' of fact at issue,
Mr. ADAMS argued at some length to show the
propriety of recording ail decisions of the Speaker
growing out of the rule disposing of matters relating
to the question oí slavery.   That rale wss liable to
different constructions, and he would be under the
necessity of calling on the Speaker to decide upon
all propositions which in his mind seemed to come
witbin its vortei; and he was desirous that in every
instance of construction under it, the decision should
be placed on the journal. He would require that it
should be placed there, not only for the purpose of
showinr to «hat extent the great right of petition
was infringed by that rule, but because the Consti-
tution,     which     directs    a    journal    of   pro-
|   ceedings   to    be    kept   by     the   House,   de-
I   manried it.    Impoitant faos of the presentation
I ¡  of resolutions of a sovereign State, when rejected
I:  by the mere fiat of the Speaker, under the rule,
1 should be entered on the journal.   Mr. A. then
¡ cited an instance of the presentation of resolutions
] j  of the State of Missouri, by a representative from
j   that State, and some proceedings  bad  as to its
reception; and not a ves'ige of such fact was to be
I seen on the journal, or  even in the papers of the
'! city.    If he had known, on yesterday, that the de-
!;  cisions of the Speaker, on the inquiries made by
him, would not have been entered on the journal,
he Wf u'd have taken  an appeal, and the motion
and decision   would, of necessity, have been en-
tered.   Such would be his course hereafter.   The
i   amendment he  now   proposed was a matter of
fact.
Mr. A. then presented his amendment, in sub-
stance as follows:
'■Mr.   Adams requested   the   decision  of  the
Speaker whether the resolution  [each resolution J
d d not come within the rule lately adopted in rela-
tion to Abolition f etitions.
"The Speaker decided [in each case] ihat it did
j. not.
j      "Mr A. then rrquestad  that the decision of Ihe
Speaker should be entered on the journal"
I Ti.e SPEAKER requestad the gentlemen in the
aisles to take their seats while he made a short
explanation. The Chair had not told ihe gentle-
man from Massachusetts ihat he would not make
the entry in the journal that he desired. He told
him that the resolut on wou'd te entered, if re-
ceived; but that an entry of the opinions of the
Chair with regard to its character would not, un-
der the invar'able practice of the House, appear
on the journal, unless an appeal was taken.
Mr. ADAMS said he did not hear the Speaker
make any such decision yesterday. On Ihe con-
trary, he, by his silence, gave him to understand
that the entry would be made. If he had not un-
derstood ihe Speaker so, he would have appealed.
Mr. W. C JOHNSON of Maryland rose to
explain the reasons which would induce him
to change his vote. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, which pointed out
the course he intended to pursue, compelled, him
reluctantly to say that he should vote against the
correction of the journal. Th:s circums'ance, toge-
ther with what the Speaker had informed them
with regard to the uniform practice of the Home,
not to make such entries on the journal, unless in
ca$e of an appeal, would induce him to vote against
the gentleman's mption.           g
Mr. ADAMS observed, that lo say, and straight
unsay, was one of the characteristics of the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr Tohnson.] I now, said
Mr. A. in consequence of his change of the gen-
tleman's vote, because 11 ive been compelled to
speak ol his political cp t ital resolution as it de-
serves, ask for the yeas an   nays on the question.
Mr. TURNEY then i >ved to lay the amend-
ment on Ihe table.
Mr. ADAMS called 1 r the yeas and nays,
which being ordered, the question was taken and
resulted—yeas 115, nays 521
So the amendment was laid on the table.
Mr. ADAMS then ¡nqnireil whether, under the
resolution passed by the Hou'-e some days ago, pe-
titions would not be order until the 15th of this
month.
The SPEAKER said they were in order, and
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mason] had the
floor on the question of referring the petition pre-
sented by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis]
to the Committee of Ways and Means.with instruc-
tions.
The motion of Mr. Casey to refer the memorial
¡ of me National Road Convention, held at Terre
! Haute, Indiana, to the Comgiiltee of Ways and
Means, with instructions Jp report a bill appro-
pi iating $150,000 to each o^the S'ates of Ohio, In-
diana, and Illpois, to be eápended on the Cumber-
land road, wsfc taken up/when
Mr. MASQN addressed the House at great
length in I'avejr of the-iiesoluiions of instruciion to
the Committeéof Wa/s and Means. The continu-
ation of the pumb/rland road was a subject the
most interesting \f the pople of the new States
that could be liroj^ht before Congress. It was a
measure whicn^iad received the favor of every
Administration, from that of Mr. Jefferson down to
the present lime. Distinguished gentlemen of both
polit.cal parties had often recorded their names in
the yeas and nays in favor of it. Mr. M. alluded
to the votes of Mr. CaMbref.eno, the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means of the former
House of Representatives, and other distinguished
supporters of the Administration. He alluded to
these circums'ances to show his sincere des:re to
disembarrass ihis subject of party considerations,
and adverted to the criminations and recrimalions
which would result from mixing np party politics
with this queUion. In his opinion, gentlemen of
neither political party could lose any political
standing by supporting this measure. He denied
that this question had been suddenly and unneces-
sarily sprung on the House, as alleged by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina; for the amission by the
Secre'ary of the Treasury to inseit an appropria-
tion for this object in his estimates, was an ample
justifica ion of the motion made by the gentleman
from Illinois. Added to this, were the strong me-
morials on this subject, which had already been
presented to Ihe House. It had been objected,
also, by the gentleman from South Carolina, that
these instructions were mandatory on the commit-
tee, without regard to ihe resources of ihe Treasury.
Mr. M. went on to show that this was not the
case, and hoped that no gentleman would vote
against these instructions, under such a mi-appre-
hension. Mr. M. next proceeded at length to ex-
plain the grounds on wh'ch the friends of this mea-
sure asked for an appropriation from Congress,
beginning with the compacts with the new State*,
the terms of which he undertook to exp'ain, and re-
ferring to the recognition of the constitutionality
and expediency of the road, by the sjlema acis of
the Maryland, Virginia, and Pennsylvania Le-
gislatures. After an argument to show that
it was the duty of the Federal Government
to carry out the terms of the compact, he contended
that the Cumberland road was no part of the inter-
nal improvement and tariff system which was such
a bugbear to Southern politicians, and ihe death
knell of which ihey congratulated themselves with
having sounded. He invited Southern gentlemen
to enter into an argument with him on this point,
telling them that neither they nor their constituents
understood the true merits of this question. Mr.
M. referred to the opinions of General Jackson in
bis velo of the Maysville road bill, to show that
there was no necessary connection between the
