CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18*
Mr. HUBBARD lhen followed in opposition to
the motion for instruction , as well as opposing any
appropriations for this road en constitutional
ground-'.
Mr. HOWARD of Indiana next addressed the
House at great length, and with much force and
ability, in favor of continuing the appropria-
tions for ih s great work. His argument was to
the constitutionality as well as the justice and ex-
pediency of the measure.
Af.er the pre eniaiion by the Speaker of a num-
ber of Executive documents which had accumu-
lated on hs table, and their reference to appropriate
committees,
Mr. PICKENS obtained the floor, and presented
a substitute for the motion of Mr. Casey, and so
to modify said motion as to instruct the Committee
of Ways and Means to inquire into the propritye
and expediency of making an appropriation for the
continuation of the Cumberland road. Mr. P.
without proceeding in his remark?, made a motion,
which, he said, he had not before made—thai the
Rouse adjourn; which was agreed to; and
The House adjourneJ till to-morrow morning.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 13,1840.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented sixteen memorials
from citizens of Pennsylvania, praying an increase
of the duties on silks; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of the widow
of Samuel Jamison; -which was referred to the
Com mi lee on Pensions.
Mr. ROANE presented a petition of Thomas R.
Saunders; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.'
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut presented the me-
morial of the heiis of the Baron De Kalb; which
was referred to the Cummittee on Revolutionary
Claims.                                                            /
Mr. STURGEON presented eight memorials
from citizens of Pennsylvania, praying an increase
of the duties on silks; which were referred* to the
Committee on Finance.                            /
Mr. WRIGHT presented two memo/ials of a
number of citizens of New York, graying the
passage of a uniform law on the subject of bank-
ruptcy; which were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.                                    i
Mr. WHtTE presented a joint resolution of the
General Assembly of the State of audi ana for the
relief of Peter Houston;! which w^ referred to the
Committf e on the Publiq Lands. /
Mr. TALLMADGE jpresenteoV'three petitions of
citizens of JN'ew York, paying for the passage of a
general bankrupt law^ which were referred to the
Committee on the Judjéiary.   ,
Mr. STURGEON Presented a memorial of a
number of women, inhabitants of Alleghany county,
praying for the abolifton of slavery; the motion to
receive which was ljid on tjfe table.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the petition
of i!w Kentucky S*te Agricultural Society, pray-
ing the endowmentof arragricultural school or col-
lege out of the fumds/f the Smithsonian leg icy;
which was referred J  the Committee on Agrien!-
tore.                      <*
Mr. CLAY presented the petition of Michael
H. Barton, praying for the abolition of slavery.
He said that he presented this paper in deference
to the right of petition, which he admitted in its
full iorce. He thought ihe crisis of this unfortu-
nate agitation was passed; it was certainly passed
when Congress convened in December last.
Whether the political uses which hauve since been
made of it may not revive it, and revive it in a
more imposing form, he was not prepared to say.
J^f' C. took occasion to express the grat fication
which he had derived, during the last summer,
from the perusal of some valuable works from
Northern pens on the subject of Abolition, and he
considered them the ablest derences of Son-hern
initiations winch he had seen. He designated
"The Review ot Dr. Channivg Reviewed," by
11 distinguished c«tz n of Boston; "Abolition a
Sedition;  and "Some Tnoughts on Domestic Sla-
very" which were suld at Mr. Franck Taylor's
book «org on the avenue, this side of Gadsby's.
la the last named work, which contained many
profound philosophical truths, the proposition was
presented wiih uncommon force, that two commu-
nities of distinct races cannot live together with-
out the one b-coming more or less in subjection to
the other. Mr. Clay had called the writer's atten-
tion fo the illustration• given to his aigument by
Lord Durham, in his report on the condit.on of
Canada, mbmitted to the British Government. He
expressed the firmest conviction that whoever
would read that report would come to the same
contusion which was arrived at by the author of
" Thoughts on Domestic Slavery." Lord Dur-
ham slates, as his decided opinion, after much ob-
servation of the French and Biitish residents in
Canada, that they cannot live together harmoni-
ously, and that it is u'terly impossible to hope for
peace and tranquillity in these province*, except
by making one portion of the inhabitants subordi-
nate to Ihe other.
Mr. CALHOUN said he rose lo express the
pleasure he felt at the evidence which the remarks
of ihe Senator from Kentucky furnished of the pro-
gress of truth en the subject of Abolition. He had
spoken, with strong approbation, of the principle
laid down in a recent ramphlet, that two races, of
different character and origin, could not co exist
in ihe same country, without ihe subordination of
the one to the other. H  was gratifie J to hear the
Senator give assent to so important a principle, in
application to the condition of the South. He had
himself, several years since, stated the same, in
more specific terms; that it was impo<sib'e for two
races,so dissimilar in every respect as the European
and Aflijan, that inhabit the Sou<h rn portion of this
Union, to exist together in nearly equal numbers,
in any other relation than that which existed fie re.
He also added, that exp rience hnd shown that
ihey could so txi^t in p-are and happinrss thrre,
certainly lo the great Ienefit of the inferior race;
and that to destroy it, was to doom the later to de-
struction. But he uttered these important truths
then in vain, as far as the side to which the Sena-
tor belongs is etneerned.
He trusted the progress of tiuth would not, how-
ever, stop at the point to which it has arrived wi<h
the S nator, and that it will make some progress in
regard to what is railed the right of petition.
Never was a right so much mystified and magni-
fied. To listen to the discussion, here and e se-
where, you would suppose it to be the most essen-
tial and important right: so far from it, he un
deriook to aver that, uiider our free and popu-
lar sys'em, it was among the least impor-
tant of all our political r ghts. It had been super-
seded, in a] great degree, by the far higher right
of general  ufFiage, and bv the practice, now so
common, of insttuction. There could be no local
grievance but what could be reached by ihese, ex-
cept it might be the grievance, affecting a mino-
rity, which could be no mere redressed by petition,
than by them. The truth is, that the right of peti-
tion could s-carcely be said to be ths right of a free-
man. It belongs to despotic Governments more
properly, and m'ght be said to be the last r'ght of
of slaves. Whoever rpard ofp^titonin the free
States of antiquity We had borrowed ourn* tons
in retard to it from our British ancestors,
with whim it had a value, from their imper-
fect representation, far jreater than it ha?
with us; and it is owirg to that, it has a place
at all in our Constitution. Tr.e truth is, that the
right has been so far superseded, in a political
point of view, that it has ceased io be what trie Con-
stitution contemplated it to be—a shidl to protect
against wron«s—and has been perverted into a
sword to attack the rights of others—to cause a
grievance, instead of the means of redressing
grievances, as in the case of Abolition petitions.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tappan] has viewel
th;s subject in its proper light, and has taken a tru'y
patriotic and constitutional strnd in refusing to pre-
sent these fire-brands, for which I heartily thank
him, in the name of my State. Had the Senator
from Kentucky followed the examp'e, he would
have rendered inestimable service to the country.
Mr. CLAY said it was very true that the Sena-
tor from South Carolina mjght h¿ the originil in.
ventor of ihe idea respecting the two races, but,
like some other inventors, he had not derived much
profit from the discovery. However, he had not
so much commended the idea as the manner in which
it, has been illubtratd and enforced, by the author
of whom he had spoken. As to the right of peti-
tion, he did not consider it a matter of such small
importance, or why was it guarded with such sedu-
lous care by the framers of our Cons itutioii? He
was for respecting it; ani he believed that if these
Abolition petitions were received and reported on,
and not so much harshness of language used in re-
gaid to them, there would have been much less ex-
crement than had been on this subject. But his
remarks were not in reference to the vote in ihe
House, but to the politicians and political newspa-
pers, With regard to the compliment paid to the Se-
nator from Ohio, [Mr. Tappan,] it was well merit-
ed, and the merit was somewhat enhanced by the
understanding that that gentleman had heretofore
entertained opposite sentiments.
Mr. TALLMADGE said that his views of the
right of petition had been submitted heretofore,
but he could not permit ihe remarks of the Senator
from South Carolina to pass without remark.
The Senator had said that we had derived this
right of petition from England anterior to our
struggle with that country, and that it had been
superseded, and rendered of trivial mportance, by
therght of suffrage. It had been always consi-
dered a matter of the hizhe-t importance, both
before the Revolution and since that event—from
thi first struggle of liberty in this country down to
the present time. In proof of ih;s, he referred to
the sentiments on the subject which pervaded all
the public meetings immediately previous to and
during the Revolution, and which were expressed
in the ir resolnt ons and reports. Wiih the same
object, also, he referred to that amendment to tre
Constitution which guards the risht, and prohi-
bits Congress from doing any thing to abridge it.
This was one of the amendments, the adoption of
which was made by New York an express condi-
tion antecedent to her ratification of the Constitu-
tion; which event was principally to be as-eribed
to the talents and eloquence of Alexander Hamil-
ton, who was described on this floor the other day
as being a man of only second rate abilities, and
an imitator. The right of petition went bihind the
Constitution. The citizen has a right to petition
even for that which Congress is prohibited by the
Constitution from granting. They may petition
for an alienation of the Constitution, so that you
may be enabled to g^ant it to thtrn. His views on
Abcdition were rot change,!; lut he said, and said
four years ago, if they had not resisted the right of
petition there would have been infinitely less of
Abolition than had been.
Mr. CALHOUN. The Senator who has just
taken his seat, has assigned a very set.*
sible reason why our ancestois, who framed
ihe Cons'itntion, placed so high a value pn
the right of peti'ioa. It performed a promi-
nent part in the coniest leading to the Revolu-
tion. Thm we were subject colonies, and, as far
a? the Government of Great Britain was concern-
ed, had no other mode of being heard but by peti-
tion. We had no representation in Parliament. But
the case is d fferenrnow. Our Government, in every
Department, is under popular control. The peiple
have a right to spe«k directly to their public func-
tionaries; and it is absurd to say, under this
changed condition, that ihe r got is as important
as it was then, when it was our only weapon, and
ihat the rifthtis so sacied as to be without limita-
tion. I ask Ihe Senator whether he is ready 10
carry oat h;s theory of the right. I put Ihree ques-
tions to hitn: Would he presenta petition that vilified
this body, or any of the individuals of which it is
composed? Or wonld he present a psiition to
to legalize murder? I wish £J¡ answer to these
questions.
Mr. TALLMADGE. The Senator asks, would
I present a petition that would vilify this body. L
tell him I would not. Silf-d.fence would prevent
me. As to a peiiion to abolish the Christian reli-
gion, I do not think there would be much harm in
the presentation, if he could have it Prf*e?,le<1. .
committee of which the. Senator would be chair-
man.
