Í$8
■.i1 .'i  '     ■                  ■    j*......   ■    ■■■ «=
Mr. CALHOUN. Will^}  Senator go home and
tell his constituents thal>e is ready to present a pe-
tition to abolish Chri^lftniiy? If so, and I do not
mistake their charter, they would soon abolish
him and his right/? petition. But he has acknow-
leJgeJ that the right has limitation He would
not present one vilifying this body or tts members,
beeaus* self defence would not permit it. But
why not receive it, and put it ('own by a report, as
he propfs*s in the case of Christianity?   Again, is i
Jctple of self.defence limited to this bod)?  It.
lelenee ol religion, morals, the Constitution,
; character and rights of yonr constituents
State you represent, as ímpor ant as that ot
nee of ourselves? And why not meet the one
ai lemsi as promptly and indignantly as the other?
Why not do e the door, on «he principle of self-de-
fence equally against alt?    It  i-, u e ess to at'empt
concealment.   The presentation of these incendiary
petit ons is its«lt an infraction of ti e Constitution
All  acknowleJge—the Senator himself—that the
property, wh ch they are p esenti.il here to destroy,
is guarantied by tie Constitution.   !"ow, I as!:, if
we have the right under the  Const tuuon to hold
the property, (which nine question,)  have we not
also the right to hold it under the same sicred in-
strument in peaet and quiet1    Is. it not a direct in-
fraction, then, of the Constitution, lo present peti-
tions here, in the common council ol the Union,  ¡
and   to   ns,  the   agents   appointed to carry us  i|
provisions into effect,   and  to guard the rghts
it   secures,   the professed  aim   ot    whuh   ue   t 
destioy the property guarantied by the instrument? j
There can   be but one answer to these que tions  |
on the part of those who preient sach petitions,    '
that   the light of petition   is   higher aid more  i
sacred lhan   the Const.tatirn and oar oaih^ to pre-  |
serve and defend it.   To such monstrous result  l
doe, the doctrine lead
S r, I ondersUnd this whole qnes'ion   The great
mass of both parties to the North are opposed to    [
Abolition: the Demccats almost exclusive!}, the
Whiss less so. Very few are to be found in the ranks
of the former; but many in that of the latter.
The only importance that the Atolitionists have,
is lobe found in the fact, thit their weight may be
felt   in   elections;   and   ihi^   is   no   sma 1   ad-
vantage.      The   one par y is unwil'ing   to   lo<e
their weight,  but, at   the ^ame   time,   unwilling
to be blende! with them on the main q ict on, and
hence is ma^e this false, absurd, unconstitutional,
and dangeronscollateral i'sne < n the n?ht of retition.
Here is the who'e secret. Tl.evare willing!., play the
political game a'eurhazird an J that of the Constitu-
tion and the Union, for the sake  01 victory at the
elections. But, to show still more clearly how lut'e
foundation there is in the character of oar Govern-
ment for the extravagant importance attached  to
this r.ght, I ask the Senator what is the trne relation
between the Government and the people, according
to oar American concepnon ?    Wh ch is prireipal
and which agent?   wheh the master and which
the servant? which the sovereign and which tie
subject?   There can be but me answer.    We a e
but   the   agen's—*h    s rvan s.     We   are   not
t' e   sovereign.     That   resides    in    the   poop e
of the Slates.    How lntle applicable, then, is this
bjasted right of petition, under our sy>t*m, to politi-
cal questions?    Who ever heard of the pimcipal
petitioning his ?gfnt—ofihe  mas er his servant—
or of the sovereign his subject?    The very essence of
m petition implies a request from an inferior to a su-
perior.    It is not, in fact, a natural growth of our
S)Stem.   It was coried from  tie  Butish bill of
righis, and grew up among a prop'e whose rr pre-
sentation was very imperfect, and where ihs sove-
reignty of the people was not rvcogni'ed at si1
And yel, even there, this rzht simuch mss'td on
here, as being boundless as space, was re>'ncted
from the teginning,  by the very men who ad pted
it in the British system, in the very manner which
his been dene   in the   oiher   branch,   this  ses-
sion;   and    lo   an    extent    far   b 3 oíd      The
twoHousesof Parliament hive again and again
passed resolut ons against  receiving petiiirns evfii
to repeal taxes; and thi«, tho e who formed our Con-
stitution well knew, and yet adopted th  provision
almost identically contained in the Butish bill of
rights, Without gnarding against the practice under
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it. Is not the concluí, on irrrsisiible, that they d'd
not deem it «consistent with the light ot "the citi-
zens peaceably to assemble and petition for a re-
d'e--s of grievance," as secured tn the Constitution?
Tre thing is clear. It is time that the tiuth should
be known, and this cant about pennon, not to re-
dress the grievances of the pet t oner*, but to create
a grievance elsewhere, be put down.
Mr. BROWN said he had not had the remotest
idea of enteiing into a discussion on this subject,
but, as a Senator representing a Southern State, he
cojld not in silence hear the decisions of another
branch of this Legislature denounced for an act
which he deemed eminently judicious and patriotic.
It is time that this persevering effort to interfere
with Southern institutions should be put an end to
When Congress become satisfied that, under the
forms of the Consilium n, and to attain objects
cleirly unconstitutional, efforts are making to de-
s roy the peace and happiness of a portion of the
States ot tbi-. Confederacy, they \ia\c a right, nay,
it is their duty, to arrest a cnur e so fiarght with
pernic ous enscquerces.    But gentlemen say that
this question has been u ed for political purposes
By whom has it been us d for pihtieal ptupo3es?
The first knowie'ge he had of ihe mingling of th s
qnes'ion with poli ics, was 111 the council-, of the
Hartford Coi vtntion.   A pottion of the Nonhern
Federalists then endeavored to produce ihe same
prejudice asainst the Southern State , frr political
f/F-ct, which at this day wis attempted in (he same
quartfci, for the same purpose    The Democracy of
the Nor'h were then, and still continue, true to the
Union and ihe jir maples upon which it was founded.
I agree with gect'emen that it has been used by
politicians in more modern times.   And by whom?
Why, true to their vocation, by the Federal party,
though he admitted there were many honorable ex-
ceptions.     What have the Demtcratie  parly  to
gam by a connection with these lunatic*?  Noitiiro'
And >s this annoyance never to ceis ?   Gentlemen
«ay, receive and refer thee petition , and have a
repoit on them, and then they will cease.   Sir, this
spirit will never cea<e while ambition exists, and is
ready to se.ze upon any subject as the means of
surce s
Mr. B. sh'uld not have allude 3 to this bnnch,
if it had n t been alluded to in connection With the
political affairs of the country, and he would have
been recreant to duty, if he had not attempted t9
defend h s Democratic brethren of the Nor h, who
had acted sj nobly on this question, from t^e as-
sault which, eWewhe'e mo e especially, had been
made upon them on this que'iun of Abohtif n.
There was no State north of t^e Potomac, in
wh'ch the Federal party had ob ained an ascen-
dmcymthe Legislature, in which le olulions in-
sulting to the South hid net been pa s>d, while in
every ins'ance where the fru nds of the Adm n>s-
tratitn had the ascendency, resolutions of a pre-
c«ely opposite character had been ad< pted But
from whom do thf se petitions come? It s gere-
rally known, from peisons 1 o t 'e to the Democra-
tic paitt? When the question fi r the admission
of Arkansas into the Union was derided in tl is
body, every Democratic Senator from the N< rth
voted in favor ot her adm s-ion, while some of ihe
other party voted again-t it. In the o'her House,
in voting en the same que s ion, partes s'eod in
the same att tut'e Dwarf's each other, ai far as re-
gained the No1 them repiesenta'ion.
I know that, n >twuhvand ng all the*e fact*
staring them in th  face, the rae gentlemen fiom
th* South who si.II doubt, or affect to doabt, who
I ate their fuends on thi^ queition. The lime for
doubt is passed: the facts whii h dtcide ihe case are
numerous and conclusive, and I now rrake this
declaration, that if, wiih my knowledge cf circum-
stances, I shon'd *SMst in attemptirg ti delude the
people of the South, on a question so vitally impor-
j lant to ih ir in'e e ts and safety, I should consider
u^elf guilty ( f (reason to the bc-t inter 'ts (f that
people If, as a Southern man, with the knowledge
I possess in retalien to the parlies in the North, I
sh >uld attempt to ('elude the people of the Souih
as to who were their true friends, I shonld consider
myself, I rppeat it again, guilty 01 trea'on to their
best interests
Mr. TALLMADGE said he regretted the intro-
11   11 n 1 11 km  1 ■   ■  ■ in.......a,^..,,,^    , „     ,,,                mi ^nm        i           - i uní i tern*
duction e>f this questien here as much as the Sena-
tor from North Ciro ina, but it had not been intro-
duced ilnough his instrumentality; but when the
Senator talks of any political parly in  the Nonh
being an Abolition party, he talks of what he does
not comprehend.    There was no such  political
party there; there was no leading public man there,
of any party, who was not willing to maintain the
constitutional rights of the South    For himself, he
considered the rights of the South on this subject r*
sacred «6 his right  to his private property.   But
the gentleman says h  considers the presentation ol
I  these petitions as an inMilt.   1 hope he does not
' consider it an insult in  the person who presents
'   ihem.   Why were not thrse petitions treated now
1 as they were in the eavsof the  First Congres ?
1   Then, a petit on was presented from the Anti-Sla-
very Society of Pennsylvania, of which Benjamin
Franklin was the president, and it was referred tn
I   a   committee,   of   which   James   Madison   was
chairman, who   reported that   Congress had no
I   power over the ¡.ubject If these petitions were treated
in the same way, dice would be no more danger
I   of these petitioners destroying the propeity  of the
pe>ple ol the South than there would be of taking
h s proper!}, and if they took ihe latter they would
probably not get much in these Loco Foco  times?
He regretted that the Senator from South Carolina
had characterised the light of petition as he had
He said ihe peop'e were sovereigns, and, therefore,
had no neces ity to petition  their slaves '      Why
these metaphysics? The Senator seemel to have in
his head the idea ol hi-, presenting a petiuon to one
tí his own slave .    Was that the analogy? Mr T
said he rejected it   The peop'e ol ihe United States
ate sovereigns, and their íepiesentatives are called
pnbl c servant'.    When thiy p tition, it is the peti-
tion, not of mas'ers to slaves,  but of freemen to
their public servants, and which tho«e servants are
bound to hear.   The gentleman asked if Ihe right
of petition was ever heard of in the representa-
tive Governments of ancient Greece and Rome?
I    From what little knowledge he possessed of Ihe
histories of those countries, there was but a very
short period in which ihey possessed representative
j Governments.     He would say again, as he had
said   before,   that   he   did   not   differ   in   sen'i-
ment with  ihe Senators from  North and South
Carolmi,   [VIr.    Brovvv   and    Mr.  CAMiewN |
as to their constitutional right to hold th s species
of property, but deemed them as sacred as hi  own
rights to pnvats propert,'.   As to th  remarks of
the Senator from Nonh Carolina about th  Demo-
cratic party, he would tell him that the Democratic
p rty was now  in   the asc ndencv in the  Empire
State.    They have the three bianches of the Go-
vernment in that State    We have put down the
old Federal par y of 1798, and we in'end to keep
them down, and we will not permit the rights of the
Sta es to be interfered with.
Mi. BUCHANAN s?id he did not r.'e to mal e
a speech, bin to submit a motion. Befoie he did
this, howtver, 1 e would lal.e leave to make a very
I r ef explanatirn. Although he had ever carr-
fuliy avo ded to sp ak of h s own pa t conduct in
the Senate in terms wheh m ght aprear like self
c mmendation, yet, upon the present occisión, he
deemed it necessary to refer to his former course
upon th° subject of Abolition.
In the ses-ion of 1835-'6 sail Mr B. wheh an
a'arming exc lenient prevailed on this subject
ihroushout a large portion of the country, I took a
I decided s'and asainst the Ab litiomsts Ithenrre-
s^nted a memorial fio 11 ihe Cain Quarterly Meeting
of the hgily respectalle rdigu^ so 11 ty of
Friends in Pennsylvania, asking Congie'-s to
nboli'h slaveiy in the D strict or Columbia, and at
the time of us presentat on, I declared that, upon
its reception, I should immediate y move that the
prajer of the memorialists be rejected. This me-
moiial was received by a vo e of 36 to 10, and my
motion to reject the prayer ol it prevailed, with but
six di'S'n.inii voce Since this deci* on, the Se-
nate h?d adopted a practice wheh I think has
proved eminently beneficial, because i hv- affi rded
us peace and quiet upon this mrj ct. Tie memo-
rial is prrsented, objection ts made ti us reception,
and a motion to lay the question of jecrp'ion upon
