CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
~                                       i -                          —                                                                               i                                 -
the table is then immediately made and adopted.
This precludes all debate and all agitation.
Now, said Mr. B. in consequence of my con-
duct here throughout that session, I have borae the
brunt of the Abolitionists at home. I agree with
the Sena'or from Kentucky that the danger has
passed awav, at lea-t in PennsjIvania. Tne ciis s
is now over ; aud the fanaticism which threatened
to invade the constitutional rights of the South, and
to dissalve the Union, has I e;n near ly extingushed.
The battle has been fijught, wherj it must ever
be fought, not in the S^uth, lut in the North. It
is we of the North who must ever sustain the shock
in such a contest. Under these circumstances I
appeal most solemnly to Senators from ih? s'ave-
holdm  States, whether they ought not to be go-
venrd, in a great degree, by our advice as to the
mode ifl wh ch these Abolition petitions shall be
treated. It is impossible, aftT all which has passed,
that they can doubt our devotion to the eoiisitu-
tional rights of the South. Let me assure them,
then, that our greatest danger is from agitation
here. Excitement is the element in which Aboli-
tion lives, and moves, and has its being. A flame
kindled in tbe Capitol would soon pervade the
Union. Let a question now be raised upon the
abvtract right of petition—let the enemies of Aboli-
tion in t'-is bedy divide upon this question, as they
probly would, and they will jeopard the great cause,
to the maintenance of which they are all devoted,
in this most unprofitable strife. The discussion of
the Abolition question here can do no possible
good, and may do mu:h positive harm. When did
fanatacLscu ever yield to the voice of reason? Let
it alone, and it will soon burn out for want of the
fuel on which it feed'.
Deeply and srlemnly impressed with a convic-
tion of tbe truth of th'se sentiments, and for the
purpe.se of arresting this debate, I make the accus-
tomed motion, which cannot be debated, that the
question on the reception of this memorial be laid
upon the table.
Mr. BROWN here interposed, in (he most earnest
manner, and urged Mr. Buchanan to withdraw
his motion, to afford him an opportunity of an-
swering remarks which he considered pergonal to
himself.   After much solicitation from him,
Mr. BUCHANAN reluctantly conseuted to
withdraw his motion, at the same time declaring
that he would renew it on the very first opportunity
alter the Senator had made his remark .
Mr. WEBSTER said he could not permit the
opinions eiprersed by the Senator from South
Carolina on the right of petition, to pas without a
remark. He says that our instimions have, in a
great degree, superseded the right of petition. It is
•strange, if it were so, that those who formed those
institutions should have been so careful in introduc-
ing it. He thought it surprising that the Constitution
should be so construed as to supersede that portion of
the instrument which was mist cautiously guaided.
With the same propriety might be explaised away
the cone'ative rights of freedom of the press and
liberty of conscience. The right of petition is only
worth using in representative Governments; in
despotism*, the subj" ct is permitted to crawl to
the foot of the throne; but this could not be called a
right of petition. But the Senator Fays the right of
suffrage and the right of instruction render this
right of petition unnecessary. Now, the Constitu-
tion expressly secures the right of petit oq, but says
not a word about tbe right of instruction. He
was content to hold on to the Constitution, and let
gentlemen indulge their peculiar notions about
the right of instruction'? But it is asked, does a
master petition a servant? No individual is a mas-
ter of Congress. He petitions a power which has the
capacity to redress his grievance. He would say
one word as to the remarks of the Senator from
South Caiolku, [Mr. Calhoun,] and his 'friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] that two disinfct races
of men cannot live iu the same community without
one being subjret to the other. He had not a word
to say about distinction of color, as in that case the
proposition might be true. But the general propo-
sition that two races cannot live in the same com-
munity, was a sentiment that he revolted at. He
instanced the case of Louisiana, m which tbe
French Creoles and the Anglo Saxon races had
commingled; and said that good Government was
all that was necessary to produce this result.   He
spoke not of colors—that was a distinct que<tion.
He thought the arguments of Lord Durham on this
¡   subject, which had been alluded to, were  founded
¡;  neither in reason nor philosophy.
', |      Mr. BROWN returned his thanks to the Senator
';  from Pennsylvania for withdrawing his motion,
j  and enabling him to  av   few words in reply to
,  ih  Senator from  New York  [Mr. Tallmadoe ]
'!' The Sena'or from New York deni?s that there is
|l  any party in this country aawia'ed with Abo'ition.
]|  Notwithstanding that denial, he st-11 believed ihat
tj  Abolition was made use of in  the elections in Ihat
|  State.   Lastyfar, the popular branch of the Legis-
¡i  latu.eof that Sia'e, which was of thatparly not
1'  long since assuming the name of IVhig, but which
it  I suppose he would now call Democratic and to
(J  which others give   a difTereut name, passed   a
|   series of  ie?oluiions, which, if carr ed out, would
I   have shaken this Union to its centre.    But when
|!  ihey were sent to the other branch of the Legisla-
ji  ture, which codtaiacd amajoutyof the friends of
this Administration, they were rejected, or at any
ra'e deprived of   their  obnoxious character   by
amendments.
Here, sir, was the Democra'ic, Conservative, Fe-
deral Whig branch, introducing and passing these
resolu'ionsjand on the other hand, what he called the
Democratic members of the oiher branch, placing
their veto on them.   This needs ño commentary.
And what is the course of par ies in Congress?
One presenting these petitions,  debating them, and
agiatio^  the question: the other endeavoiing  tu
arrest agitation, and to allay excitement.   There
is one very cl stinguished gentleman of the Opposi-
tion party—he would not say in  what branch of
Congress—who pesents hundreds of these  pen-
,    lions, and makes the most inflammatory speeches;
J j  and ye', forsoo h, he says he i* not an Abolti'>ni*t.
i |  If you take their own declarations, none of them
(j  are Abolitionists!   But the gentleman [Mr. Tall-
i  MADGt] has alluded to a party—the Loco Foco
j  party, as  he calls them—existing in  New York,
which, he says, are iu favor of a division of yro-
I  p<r,y; and says, such is his regard for the right of
j   petition, if they sent p?tit:ons here for that purpose,
j  lie would deem it his duty to present them.   The
j  Federal party is tbe party who support the princi-
¡1  pies spoken of by the Senator, by asserting the
'   supremacy of corporations,   and justifying their
j  abuses.   This is the party who are destroying the
¡!  nghis  of properte, while the Democratic party
i   wish to preserve them,  by establishing a proper
standard of value.   1 he party who uphold the paper
system, in all its abuses—they are the real agra-
i    nans, who trample the r ghts of prop3rty under
j    foot.   But we have heard much of the right of pe-
I   titton, and the example of Great Britain is referred
to.    He would not quote British examples on this
floor for imitation, unless they came recommended
" by principle and reason.   Abolition or g'na'ed in
England, and he was not disposed to look to that
country for examples, so often quotfd by a ceitiin
party here. He considered the British Government,
while favorable to the nobility and gentrv, as the
m st rapacious and despotic on earth in is opera-
tions on the great mass of the people—in plunder-
ing the many for the benefit of the few, and as the
most perfect invention in any  age, by means of
which the earnings of labor were appropriated to
privileged classes.
But we have heard much of abstractions. Sir,
the abstractions come from the other side. We go
for a great practical good, while thoic in opposition
themselves deal in abstractions. Fur years the Fe-
deral party to the North have attempted to delude tbe
people of this country by exclaiming that the right
of petition was endangered. They know that they
cannot exist a day without a panic, either in re-
gard to banks, Abolition, or something else; and
now that all other subjects have been worn out,
they strive to get one upon the abstract right of
pe'ition, in order to enlist partisans under their
banner.
The Senator [Mr.TAM.MADfiE] says that ihe Demo-
cratic party is now in the ascendency in New York.
He will find all the surviving members of the
Hartford Convention in what he now calls the
Democratic party, but which, in former times, was
called the Federal party. Nay, the Secretary of
the Hartford Convention was the Editor of an or-
gan of that party, in the city of New York, not
long since; and one oí the latest productions, he was
informed, of that distinguished personage, was a
life of Thomas Jefferson, but which, in reality, is
an infamous libel on the character of that eminent
patriot.
Mr. TALLMADGE said there were Loco Fo-
co > among his constituents who believed in tbfe
propriety o[ a division of property; and if they
would send a petition here, he would preseat it,
and if he could get tbe Senator from North Caro-
lina to move its reference to a select committee, it
would be quickly disposed of. He repeated that
there was no Abolition connected with the political
party of which he was a member. His most bit-
ter opponent was the Editor of the Friend of Man.
This editor, in conjunction with the Loco Focos,
had done all he could to prevent his election; and
when they came to nominate candidates, the leader
of the Loco Focos nominated Gerrit Smith, one of
the principal Abolitionists, as his antagonist. Mr.
T. said that when t'ie leadeis of the Democratic
party had turned ofFfrom the old track, he had kept
straght ahead. Even before he left it, there was so
much blue light Federal sm in it, that he frequently
thought he smelt biimstone. Indeed, it has been
thought that the object of the President in visiting
the Sulphur Springs some time since, was to reple-
nish his stock.
Mr. BROWN said, in bavin? introduced tie
subject of patty politics in connection with this
question, he had but followed the examples of the
Senators from Kentucky and New York, [Messrs.
Clav and Tallmadge.] But the Senator from
New Yirk [Mr. TallmadriíT says the Abol tion-
ists belong to the poli'ical p irty of which I am a
member. Sir, now-a-da; s, no'hing need surprise
us that comes from a poli'ican; and after what he
has just said, and with the facts before us, nothing
that can come from that honorable gentleman on
this subjec, or any other, hero after, will surprise
me. He says the Legislature which elected h m
was Democratic, and that the party opposed to
him was the Abolition party, &c. If be says so,
any diclarations which he may make hereafter
will not satisfy me of their correctness.
But when the party that he has gone over to
had attempted to throw fnvbands into the Senate,
who were thay that voted them down? Were ihey
not the triends of the Admini-traüon?
Mj.B. said that it was a maxim among lawyers,
that the record never lies. On the question of the
admission of Arkansas into the Union, the jour-
nals of the Senate show that every Democratic Se-
nator from the Noith voted for it, while the voie?
in opposition to it were entirely from the enemies
of the Administration. In the House of Repn sen-
tative, almost the entire Democratic vote of tbe
North was given in favor of tbe same measure,
while the opposition vote from the same quarter was
found recorded pretty generally against it! Here
was a great practical tesi question, on the admis-
sion of a slave Stateioto the Uniou,which exhibited
part.es to the Not th on the Abolition question in
their true positions, and about which there con'd
be no mistake, unless it, was among those who
chese either to be deceived themselves, or to deceive
other;!
The gentleman, he thought, must rely largely on
his powers of persuasion, if he supposed that he
could succeed in making the impression which bii
remarks were intended to make. Is there a single
Legislature, with a majori'y of the party to which
the gentleman has gone over, and been received
with open arms, which has passed resolutions cal-
culated to quiet this irritating subject? On the
contrary, was there a single Democratic Legisla-
ture to the North that had not sustained the rrgh s
of the South on this quesiion?
But the gentleman says that the Abolitionists are
not his friends. Then they are not so complimen-
tary to him, as he was to them. But did not the
party which elected him, elect Mr. Braduh, an
open and avowed Abolitionist, as Lieutenant uo-
remor of the State of New York? I am  *•"«
Federal ingenuity and trickery.   It is by the Abo-
