190
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
litionists, with ihem, as it is by the Federalists. If
one Federalist, out of a hnndred, comes over to the
Democratic ranks, it is immediately pointed out by
Federal papers and Fe.leral orators as an evidence
that the old Federalists are all members of our
party! Andso, if one out of a hundred of'he Abo-
litionists, acts with the Administration party, why,
according to Federal log c, it is conclusive to show
that the Abolitionists are acting with the Democrats.
He Believed there was not an intelligent Fe'e-
ralist in the Union, whatever opinions ihey may ad-
vance to the contiary, for political effect, that did
not know the Abolitionists, as a brdy, were generally
political auxiliaries ot their own party, and enemies
of the Democratic party. But we «re taun ed wi h
bowing down to the Executive yoke. St, the
greatest act of subserviency to Executive will,
charged by the organs of the party of v/h:ch the
gentleman is now a member, but which he thought
a aoble vind cation of the princip'es of liler'y
against bank usurpation, was the expunging resolu-
tion. And was not the gent'emen shoulder to
shoulder with us in that transaction? An act
which he no doubt wculd fain expunge from
his history, a* his Federal friends have shown
such readiness to forgive what, to them, at one
time, was viewed as an unpardonable trans-
gression. But by whom are we tauntf d with bow-
ing down to Executive usurpation? By the slaves
of banking corporations—by those who have shown
themselves ready, in effect, to acknowledge ih? su-
premacy of bank rule in this county. It ill be-
came them to taunt those with being the slaves of
the Executive will, who bad been, and were now,
endeavoring to preserve to the people of this coun-
try their own sovereienty, and the right to rule
themselves, instead of beiDg ruled by a combina-
tion of political and moneyed interests.
fc* Mr. SMITH of Conn said he should not have
asktd the indulgence of the Senate to express his
views upon this subject, had he not supposed that a
wrong consiruction might be given to his motives
for, the vote which he felt bound to give upon the
motion before the Senate. The honorable Senator
from New York [Mr. Tallmadge] would teem to
indicate, by the warmth of his answer, on my at-
tempting to obtain the floor, that I was attempting
to trench upon the time he had marked out for his
own consumption. The gentleman need not fear
any such disposition or attempt on my pait. I was
aware of ths importance he had attached to the po-
litical character which he is attempting to sus'ain,
by showing that he is a Democrat; and hence his
great anxiety to give the impression at this time.
I am sore, far one, I should feel disposed to give
him all the time and opportunity he desired for that
purpose; for, as it regards myself. I need no
time, here or elsewhere, to impress that fact upon
the publie mind. All who know me, know I am
a Democrat; let it be to my credit or discredit, no
one will question it, friend or foe; and no expr sire
or argument of mine would make it more satisfac-
tory. I should, therefore, have no motive for
taking up the time he deemed so precious, to give
himself a political character, for which he seemed
to fear he had not full credit. Sir, I am disposed
to approve of the rule adopted in the other end of
the Capitol, in relation to Abolition petitions. When
this e>citingqnestion was before the Senate,and dis-
cu rsed during the last Congress, I was disposed to re-
ceive the petitions and lay them on thetable,anddono
mere with them. When the motion was made to
Jay the motion for reception on the table, I vo'ed
against that motion, hoping if the petition was re-
ceived, aod laid on the table, and nothing further
done wiih it then, the petitioner would consider it
as a determination of the Senate not to investigate
the subjec', and, thereafter, desist petitioning Con-
gress for relief of supposed grievances, when Con-
gress had, on mature deliberation, decided that if
the petitioners considered slavery a moral evil,
then it was not slch a grievance as Congress could
take cognizance of. But, sir, I am satisfied, and
am constrained to say, that, in my belief, regard-
less of corseqoences, which I fear would be a dis-
solution of the Union, with the cyuntless evils
and misery which wou'd follow in i's train, that
the AboJitionists are determined to agitate this ques-
ioa, hpwem indulgent, and however ranch Con-
gress may be disposed to gratify the petitioners,
short of setting itself about abolishing slavery in
the States, which are entirely sovereign and inde-
pendent of the Genetal Government in regard to
that subject; and over which the Goveramtnt has
no more control than it has over the free Slates,
to coerce them to institu'e and main'ain slavery
against their will. I am, therefore, for shutting
. the door wholly against, and excludm?, the incendi-
ary petitions; and though many of the petitioners
may be, and probably are, honest, many, I have
iea<on to fear, are not so. However ihe Northern
people may deprecate the existence of slavery in the
States, and however unjust they may consider it
in tne abstract, I cannot believe that intelligent and
holiest men can think they are d' ing justice to the
people of this happy Republic, when they so ob-
stinately aud persevenngly persist in presenting
the r inflammatory petitions npen this subject, after
Congress has so many times, and so deciiieJIy, en-
pres><d its disapprobation of thern, and its unwil-
lingne-s to aid in a «-heme fr-iught with such
danger; and upon grounds both of uncons ituiion-
ality and inexpediency. I do not intend, Mr. Pie-
siden1, to deny the right of any ci'izen of the United
States to petition his Government for a redress of
any real or supposed grievances. I intend to
award to him the right in its ful'est extent. I have
no doubt, sir, but this t> an inherent right in anyci'i-
z n of a Republican Government like this, and
which is not strengthened in the least, in my opi-
nion, by a grant of the right in the Constitution.
The political power which moves the Government
of the people in all its operations is placed, and
res des in the people; every citizen of the Republic
lio'ds a portion of it in his own hands; and those
who administer the Government,are but the agents
or servants of the people, authorized only to wield
this power temporarily during the time the people
have confided it to their hands, but not make a final
disposition of it; and they have, at any time, an
undonb'el right to approach their agents, the pub-
lic functionaries, with anv complaints or grievances
they may have lo lay before them. But if the Go-
vernment think their grievances are net real, and
of which, among other thinss, th°y are selected
and authorized by the people to judge, they
have a right to make such a disposit on of
them as, in their opinion, is right and just:
but still, if the people feel themselves aggrieved
by the decision of th°ir agents, they have a
remedy at the ballet box, and which they will
take care to exercise. Sir, it is claimed by the Se-
nator from New York [Mr. Tallmadge] that the
Abolitionists are not known as a political patty.
Pelitical parties are natural consequences of a
Republican and Representative Government; their
regular formation shows the political body to be in
healthy action; they act as sentinels over the insti-
tutions and right's of the people; it is by these poli-
tical conflicts and strifes that the official conduct of
the people's servants, trWr functionaries, is inves-
tigated, and (xposed to the view of thr people, and
which enable* Ihem rr,ore correctly to jndge who
are worthy of confidence aud faithful to th ir trust,
and who are not; and by their agency, the a'aim is
given to the people when their rights are invaded.
No man ought to d sire that we should be free from
political paries; no free Government can exist with-
out them. At the same time I am free to admit that
political parties carry along wiih them their evils
as well as their benefi's, but the latter vastly pre-
ponderate.
There cannot be, in the nature of parties arisng
under and growing cut of a free Government, but
two; each having for its object, prolessedly, the
good of the peop'e, but disagieeing in the mode in
which the good shall be produced; all others par-
take, in 'heir sentiments and in their tendencies, of
on* or the other, and are auxiliaries to them,
and finally melt into and become united to that
party to which their principles naturally incline
them. Every man has a right to choose for him-
self which party he will unite himself with, and no
one has a right to say, Why do ye so? Every
man who means to make himself useful, will
unite himself with one or the other of the parties;
and, if he is a patriot and philanthropist, will en-
deavor to promote that form of government which
he believes will be productive of the greatest good,
and dispense to man the greatest degree of social
happiress. The po'itical parties which exist heie
are coeval with the Government; they have been
of long standing; their principles were early formed,
and have undergone no change; they are now
well understood by the people, and their re-
lative merits easily estimated. The princ -
pies of the Federal patty were fully deve-
loped uttder the elder Adans, and rejected
by the people. S:nce ihen, lhat party, knowing
that their principles were not acceptable to the pec-
ple, have laid as:de their principles, and kept tbem
concealed behind a closely drawn curtaio, and
have acted altogether upon expedients; while the
Democratic part) have kept on in the even tenor of
their way, and endeavoring, by all who'e ome
■ means, at all times, to fully develope, and bring to
,' the full view of the people, their principle . It is
j the object of one paity to conceal their principles;
J and of the other, to give a* great publiciiy to theirs
I as posible. The party which acts upon principle,
has nothing to do but firstto ascertain what the prin-
ciples are, and then follow them; and hence the party
is never segregated, or broken tip, by a difftrei ce
in op'n'on as to expedienis most proper lo be
' adopted for its guidance <r direction; while the
tendency of the other party, which acts by expe-
dients, is ever to separaie; and though none of the
sub-parties ever It se sight of their principles, which
they intend to act opon, if they gain the ascen-
dency, they many times proceed without much
union or harmony in their aciions. It is for «his
reason that none of the sub-parties are ever
auxiliaries to the Democratic party, or ever,
in the end, unite with them; they have
no natural affinity for that party. It is
a we 1 known fact, that whenever a Democrat
can be induced to adopt the Abolition faith, which
is now and then the case, but very seldom, he
straightway goes to the Federal party, and unites
his vote, polnically, with theirs, and is as much of
a stranger to Democracy thereafter, as if he had
never known it. The honorable Senaor [Mr. Tall-
madge] said, if I undsrs ood him right, that the
Abolitionists formed no distinct political party, and
that they did not act with the party that he did. He
seems to be very anxious, appa'ently, to keep them
at arm's length, and push them off; and why is this?
If their combination and objects are laudable and
commendable, why repudiate them? Why not re-
ceive them with open arms, and embrace Ihem,
not only as political, but patriotic and philanthro-
pic brethren, and firmly wed and unite Ihem to
their party? The reason is perfectly obvious, why
they dare not openly receive them, while they pri-
vately have their aid. They are aware that their
cause is viewed by the great body of the people
as an unjustifiable and unholy one, fraught wi'h
danger to this Government: and no political party
dare openlv to embrace them, more than they
would the bohon upas it will be equally deadly
in its poison, to whom or whatever it comes in
contact w th. That political party which shall
leceive it will feel its blight, and wither under
its influence. The honorable Senator says the
party to which he belongs has never had the
benefit of the Abolition votes; that they have never
been united with theirs. I would ask the Senator,
why in selecting candidates for the two first offices
ia the State of New Yoik, one was taken- from
the Abolitionists, and one from the snii-Abolition-
ists? I would ask him further, whether either of
these officers could have been elected, but for the
votes of the Abolitionists? I would ask him again,
whether the ticket was not so arranged, for the ex-
press purpose of obtaining the Abolition vote? I
would ask him further, whether General Harrison
could have been nominated for the Presidency, had
it not been flor Abolitionists, and whe'her he could
have been nominated without the activity and aid
of Mr. Weed, their State printer at Albany, in
bringing all the Abolitionists tohisa:d? These are
facts that will speak for themselves; and there is little
use in denying them. The Democrats understand
they have not had their votes, and the Federalists un-
derstand they have had ihem. The honorable Sena-
tor here said that Ben. Franklin was an Abolitionist;
this is but the echo of all the Abolition papers; this
