CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
has been blazoned forth in all their papers in capital
letters.    Do they believe that if Doctor Franklin
was now alive, from what they knew of his cha-
racter as a patriot, statesman, and philosopher,
that he wculd join them in their mad career,
in     a    crusade    «gainst     the     peaceful     in-
habitants  of the   slave States;  and  unite wi'h
them in despoiling them of their property, which
was guarantied to them in the political convact
under which so many millions of people are enjoy-
ing the most perfect civil and religious liberty?
Doctor Franklin was understood io be such an Abo-
litionist as nearly all the Northern people are, and
perhaps a great share of the Southern people.
They believe slavery to be a political evil; ar.d,
without taking into consideration the moral cha-
racter of it, they a'e willing, so far as they can
constitutionally, to sil in removing it from  our
land, at least, as a civil inconvenience or evil.   But
they understand the right to hold this species of pro-
perty in the States existed at the time our Consti-
tution was formed-, ¡ nd that that right was sever
surrendered by the States,or taken away from them;
and however it may be viewed in a political or
moral point of view, it is. beyond their reach; and
therefore thsy consider all officious intermeddling
with it as tending to destroy the Union, and to in-
volve the whole nation in ruin.   As much as I de-
precate the ex stence of the evil, I believe, as it is
here among us, it is much better for the slaves,
and much better for the whole community, that ne-
groes should remain slaves.    So far  a«  I—am
acquainted with them, either in the free or slave
Slates, the s'aves appear the most moral, most
cheerful, and most useful.   There are probably
neatly three mil'ions of slaves in the United States,
uneducated, and unused to taking care of them-
selves, and probably altogether incompetent to do
it.   If they were all emancipated at once, they
would form about as large a population as the
whole Un;on had at the close of the Revolutionary
war; their tendency would be to the North, where
they are taught to believe their peculiar friends
are.   They would be nearly twice as numerous as
the whole population of the New England States.
What could be reasonably expected to result from
the'r diffusion over the S'.ates, other than vices and
crimes of the most pernicious and destructive cha-
racter.   It is, I believe, ascertained that a great
proportion of the convicts in the various prisons of
the States are ignorant and unlettered men, and
that most of the crimes committed are ascribed to
that circumstance.   They would be commingled
with the now peaceful and wholesome inhabitants
of the North, and their vices communicated wher-
ever the people were susceptible of infilling oar land
with a moral malaria; and instead of congratulat-
ing ourselves with being at least as moral as any
part of the Union, or of the world, we should be a
perfect sample of immorality.
The honorable Senator from New York says
there is a class of Loco Focos in the city of New
York who are agrarians, and are endeavoring to
bring about such a state of society as will enable
them to divide the property of the wealthy people,
and take a portion of it to themselves. This has
been so long used by the Federal party, as a bug-
bear to frighten the timid, that there is now no man
so ignorant but he will laugh at the man who is
silly enough to declare it. But the Senator says, if
such people were to send hire a petition for that
purpose, to be presented to Congress, he wou'd do
it. This case, I suppose, is presented fcr the pur-
pose of illustration; and I think it very judiciously
selected. There would be as much reason in pre-
S3ot¡ng this to Congress, and asking its aid, as the
Abolition petitions, and I think would not be more
absurd. I think it a very fair illustration. I think
it makes perfectly clear that which to but few ap-
peared doubtful defore—-and thaüjp, these Abolition-
is's are entitled to no relief Mere, in the manner
asked for. But the honorable Senator over ihe
way, [Mr. Webster,] in the discussion of this
question, has asked whether Englishmen, French-
men,and others speaking different languages, could
not live together in these Slates peaceably, harmo-
niously and prosperously, each retaining his origi-
nal language, and national habits. He does not make
he direct application, and seems rather to deny that
he has any disposition to have the whites and blacks
amalgamate; fcul he, at heart, must intend to inculcate
the idea that the black race can live here with the
white, and mingle with them in all the social en-
joyments of life, except to amalgamate; and this
case represents, I presume, an illustration of their
position. But I will tak the case which the hono-
rable Senator has supposed; and what would have
been our condition as a nation at this time, had al
the foreigners who have emigrated to this country
retained their original language, and national pre-
judices and habits, and laught and impressed them
upon their children? Can any one doubt but we
would have presented a second Babel? Sir, place
in jux'aposition the whites and blacks, and make
th'm all equally eligible to high social stations—
you have only to look to Mexico for the conse-
quences, where you will have a perfect illustration
of it. A people occupying the fairest portion of the
g'obe, with all the natural advantages necessary to
make one of the most powerful nations on earth,
so mixed up, divided into castes, and degraded,
that they are incapable of binding themse'ves
together, and forming such a Government as to
give any security to party or pers^ n.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he thought the
"day had been very unprofbably spent, and he did
not in'end to prolong the discussion, but he wished
to make a remark in reply to the Senator from
Massachusetts as to the mingling of the French
and Anglo-Saxon races in Louisiana. He said
there had been considerable difficulty in preser/ing
peaceful relations among them, and nothing but
the greatest forbeirance on the part of the Ameri-
cans, and on the part of some of the French, had
prevented collisions. He said that both the great
parties had occasionally profited by Abolition,
and instanced the recent elec'irn of a Demo-
cratic Governor in Massachuse'*s by their
aid. He believed that, if put to the rote, there
was not a singla Senator who would not vote
to maintain the rights of the South. Their in-
stitutions, whether right or wrong, were, from their
nature, incurable. But he did not wish to mix it
up with collateral questions. He alluded to the
resolutions passed by the House; and said when he
first heard of is passage, he bad feared, and he yet
entertained fears, about its operation, and thought
its tendency would be to increase, instead of allay-
ing, excitement. Heretofore, Congress had acted
as a safety valve in passing off this excitement.
He never had believed there was any danger, if
we conducted ourselves here as wise and prudent
statesmen; but why should we iden'ify Abolition
with righs guarantied by the Constitution. If we
desire safety, let us stand upon the broad platform
of the Conctit«tion, and this would be the best
guarantee of protection for the rights of the South.
Mr. CALHOUN. I. rise to s\y that I have
heard the remarks of the Senator wno has just
concluded, [Mr. Clat,] with deep regret. I
make no impeachment of motive, cut am com-
pelled to say that what he has said, and the course
he so strongly recommends in regard to these peti-
tions, are calculated, especially at this moment, to
do much harm. If we should have the folly to
adopt it, to receive these slanderous and incendiary
petitions, to take jurisdiction over the subject, and
to argue the case with their authors, as the Senator
advises, it would, in the end, prove fatal to us. I
know this question to the bottom. I have viewed
it under every possible aspect. There is no safety
but in prompt, determined, and uncompromising
defence of our rights—to meet the danger on the
frontier. There all rights are strongest, and more es-
pecially this. The moral is like the phy<ical world.
Nature has encrusted the ex'erior of all organic
life, for its safety. Let that be broke throush, and
it is all weakness within. So in the moral and po-
litical world. It is on the extreme l-nrts of right
that aU wrong and encroachments are the most
sensibly felt and easily resisted. I have acted on
this principle throughout, in this ?reat contest. I
took my lessons from the patriots of the Revolution.
They met wrong promptly, and defended right
against the first encroachmen'. To set here, and
hear ourselves and constituents, and their rights
and institutions, (essential to their safely,) assailed
from day to day—denounced by every epithet cal-
culated to degrade and render us odious; and
to meet all this in silence, or, Still worse, to
reason with the foul slanderers, would eventually
destroy every feeling of pride and dignity, and sink
us, in feelings, to the condition of the slaves they
would emaneipate. And this the Senator advises
us to do. Adopt it, and the two Houses would be
convetted into halls to debate our rights to our pro-
p°ny, and whether, in holding it, we were not
thieves, robbers, and kidnappers; and we are to
submit to this in order to quiet ihe No'th! I tell the
Senator that our Union, and our high moral tone of
feeling on this subject at the South, are infinitely
more important to us than any possible effect that
his course could have at the North; and that, if we
could have the weakness to adopt his advice, it
would even fail to effect the object intended.
It is proper to speak out. If ihisqnestion is left to
ibelf, unresisted by us, it cannot but terminate
fataUy to us. Our safety and honor are in the
opposite direction—to take the highest ground,
and maintain it resolu ely. The North will always
take po-iticn below us, be ours high or low. They
will yield all that we will, and something more.
If we go for rejection, they will at first insist
on receiving, on the ground of respect for
petition. If we yield that point, and rec-jive peti-
tions, they will go for reference, on the ground that
it is absurd to receive and not to act, as it truly is.
If we go for that, they will next insist on
reporting and discussing; and, if that, the
next step will bs to make concession—>'o
yield the point of abolition in this District; and
so on, till the whole process is consummated, each
succeeding proving more easy than its predecessor.
The reisonis obvious. The Abolitionists understand
thur game. They throw their votes to the paity
most disposed to favor them. Now, sir, in the hot
contest of paity in the Northern section, en which
the ascendency in their several States and the Ge-
neral Government, may depend, all the passions
are roused to the greatest height in the violent
struggle, and aid sought in every quarter. They
would forget us in the heat of battle; yes, (he suc-
cess of the election, for the time, would be more
important than our safety, unless we, by our deter-
mined stand on our rights, cause our weight to be
felt, and satisfy both parties that they have nothing
to gain by courting those who aim at our destruc-
tion. Jisfar as this Government is concerned, that
is our only remedy. If we yield that, if we lower
our stand to permit partisans to who the aid of
those who are striking at our interests, we thai I
commence a descent, in which there is no stopping
place short of total abolition, and with it our de-
struction.                                      •■                  i       ,
A word in answer to the Sena'qr from Massa-
chusetts, [Me. Webster ] He attempted tó show
that the right of petition was peculiar to free Go-
vernment. So far is the assertion from being true,
that it is more appropriately the right Of despot'c
Government5; ana the more so, the more absolute
and austere. So far from being peculiar, or conge-
nial, to free popular States, it degenerates un-
der them, necessarily, into an instrument, not of
redress for the grievance* of the petitioners, but,
as has been lemarked, of assault on the rights of
others, as in his case. That I am right in making
the assertion, I put it to the Senator—have we not
a light, under the Constitution, to our property
in our slaves 1 Would it not be a violation of
the Constitution to divest us of that right?
Have we not a right to enjoy, under Ike ConaiUu-
tion, peaceably and quietly, our acknowledged righlt
guarantied by it, wihout annoyance? The Senator
assents. He does but justice to his candor and in-
telligence. Now, I ask him, how can he assent to
receive petitions, whose object is to annoy and dis-
turb our right, and, of course, in direct infraction
of the Constitut on?
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tapfan] in refus-
ing to present these incendiary and unconstitutional
petitions, has adopted a course truly constitutional
and patriotic, and, in my opinion, the only one
that is so. 1 deeply regret that it has not been
followed by the Senator from Kentucky in the pre-
sent instance. Nothing short of it can pot * sl0P
to the mischief, and do justice to one-half of th«
States of the Union.   If adopted by otheis, we «ball
