m
soon hear no more ot Abolition. The responsibility  'J
of keeping alive thiN agitation, must nst on those
who mar refuse to follow so noble an example.
Mr. WRIGHT said he had never betore, he be-
lieved, attempted to addret-s the & nite when an
Aboliuon petition was under conoid ra'ton. If he
josily appreciated his du'y, it was quite likely
he should remain silent now, though he had not
ns n to discuss Aboluionism, or to protract th s
very desultory debate. Still, some remaik* had
fallen from his colleague, and fr< m tHe Senator
fiom Kentucky, [Mr sZlay,] which his duty to ab-
sent fueiKk seemed to him to rcqui'e him to notice
The honorab'e Sena'or  [Mr Civi] has taken
the liberty to  refer to a vote la'ely given in the
other branch of Congress in reference to the dispo-
sition of these petitions, to allude to the fact that
some of the members of the New York delegat on,
the political  friends ol Mr. W. had voted ior the
role adopted in the House, and then had sta'ed ihat
all panus in the Legis'ature of the State were now
eiprevsing their decidtd  reprehension ot that vote.
He should not ftel at liberty t  n ake the action of
either of these legislative bodies the subjeitof le-
mark upon this occasion, had he not been forced to
do so by the cour-e pursued by the honotab'e Sena-
tor; and he wished it to be distinctly understood, that,
in making the short reply he intended, he was not
acting as the authorized apologist or defender of
the lnends who had given tae vote complained of
If the vote required apobgy, ihej would be found
ready    to   ma've   it     lor    ihemselves.      U     it
required defence,   they were much   better able,
from    character   and     talent    and    influence,
to defend themselves, than he was to defend them,  h
Tney were responsib e for their act-> to the con t - I'
tuents who had sent them here, not to himself, or   ¡
to this body.
Still, as the honorable Senator had referred to the
▼ote and to the action of the S'a'e Legis'atu'e, not '
this jear simply, but ihe last a'so, it was proper in
n<elt, and due 10 those who were censnreJ, that he
shou'd stale the facs, as he understood them to
exist The Senator had spoken of the expresión
of the Legis a'ure of New York last year, upon this
subject oft he dispoíi'ion of Abolm in petitions in
Congress, as having followed a political revolution
in the State, and of the form of that expression.
He must remind the gentleman that the expression
to whiih he alluded as having been made last year,
was made in but one branch of the New York Le-
gislature. The pol.tical revolution of wh'ch he
spoke had not then ieached the State Sena e, and
that body d.d not uní e in the expression in favor
oi these petitioners. The Hou^e of Assembly, the
popular branch of the Legislature, was then in the
hands of the political friends of ihe Senator; and it
did make a strong expression, supposed to favor
the Abolitionists. It did declare the Aihertov re-
solutions, so called, a denial of the right of petition.
He did not now recollect the exact form of the re- ,
so'u'ions, or the substance of the ejp e^sion beyond
ihi  point, but as to this he was sute he could not be
mistaken. The Athertcn resolutions were de-
loaned, becau eit was said they were a c!e..i.il of
the right of petitioi. What disp sition did the
Atherton resolutions make of Abohnon petition^
They were to be received and imaieliately laid
upon the tab'e, without reading or printing, and
without deba'e. This was the denial of the right
of petition last jear. according to the expressed
sense of the Wh'g branch of the New York Le-
gislature.
Now, certain of the Democratic members of the
House of Representatives from ihat State, bed voted
to establish a rule of that Hou->e, pressed upon   i
them upon the  motions of prominent Whigs, by
which these pet t.ons were not to be received.    In    i
other words, they had voted fcr a rule which was,
in fact and in t rms, just what their opponsnts in
the Leg s'ature of their State, one jear ago, de-   '
cUrtd to be the true and practical effect of Ihe
Athebton resolutions.   Tm> was what these mem-
bers had done, and his object was accomplished in
giving the facts.   He knew nit what either party
in the Legislature of the present year were do ng
upon this subject, except that he had noticed in the
public papers that some resolutions had been intro-
duced into the popular branch of that Legislature,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bv a prominent Federal member, censuring those
who had voted for the rule lately adopted in the
Hous- of Reprtsentatives. If thcrj had been ac-
tion upon them, the account of it had not met his
notice.
His honorable colleague had discussed at some
length the politics of their State, and of ihe van us
par íes in it, the questions, which were Democratic,
and which Federal; which weie, and wh ch were
rot Abolit on, and the like, and had pronounced
his- conclusions with some po^Hivene s In doing
this, he had, as, Mr. W. thought, done injustice to
a political friend of hi=,or he would ntt have en-
tered into the discussion. He understood his hono-
rable colleague to say that the member of Ihe
popular branch of ihe present Legislatuie of their
State, who was, at its organization, the candidate
for S, eaker of the Administration party in the
House, had, upon the late election of a Uni'ed
State  Senator,and when h'sco'league was elected,
vot'-d for :  prominent Abolitions, a fcent'eman by
ihe name of Qernt Smith. It he correctly under-
stood ihe remarks of his colleague, this vote was
said to have been given by the gentleman alluded
to upon the op>-n viva voce vo e lor S-nator in the
House of which the gentleman was a member. Did
his colleague so statel
[Mr Tallmadge replied, yes, that was the way
I uniersiood it ]
Mr. AV. said he had not made this inquiry thus
minutely, for ih' pu-pose of ¡contradicting it upon
hi* own responsibility, as he hadno personal know-
lelge how the fact was, but he had done so for the
purpo e of express'ng his belief that the statement
was erroneous, and giving the grounds of that
belief.
He well remembered that, pending the proceed-
ings in the Legislature of the State, touching the
e'ect on of a Senator, a report sprung up in ihi  city,
and in one wing of this Capi'o', that all the friends
of the Administration in the popular branch of that
Legislature had vo ed for this ardent Abolí íom t,
th s Gernt Smith, as their candidate for the Senate
of the United States 'J he iumor produced deep
fe.-ling here. He was called upon by a great num-
ber ot members of Congress, from all quarters of
the Union, for information as lo the fact. He bad
none to communicate. He had received no inti-
mation of any such action on the part of bis poli-
tical friends; but ihe mai s from the North were
deranged by the stormy and severe weather of Ihe
period, and he was unable to say v. hat action had
been had, or what information others might have
received. He entertained the most confident belief
that ihe report was false, and so stated to bis
fnends, but he could not give it authorized contra-
diction. Th s report, however, necessarily led him
to examine that vote with deep interest and great
care, when it did reach h.m. The Albany Argus,
a pub'ic journal to which his colleague had alluded
as a leading Federal paper, was bis authority, and
was it Federal, Democntic, or Democratic Repab-
Ican, which last his colleague seeaiea to suppose
the r at name ol hi> party, it was authority upon
which he lelied with a quiet confidence. The vote
given, upon the election of a Senator, in both
branches of the Legislature, he found in the co-
lumn of that paper in detail, the name of every
member voting, and the name of the candidate
voted foi by each, being distinctly staled. He ex-
amined the account with care, and could not say he
felt much surprise when he perceived that not one
single individual of any party had given his vote
for the supposed formidable Aboh'ion car didate,
Gernt Smith.
He could not, however, in justice to his own
feeling?, leave ih's matter here, and peimit the in-
ference that ihe mistake of bis colleague was wttolly
w thout foundation. He would, therefore, relate
what he had understood had taken place at some
stage of the proceedings preliminary to the elec-
tion of a Senator. He supposed the account had
a[ peared in the public paper , but he had net seen
it there, and related it from mere report. It was
this- a law or resolution was before the Legislature,
designed to prescribe the time and manner of elect-
ing a Senator. To members of the minority of
the House, other candidates, taken from the ranks
of their political opponents, were more acceptable
*------
lhan his colleague. Some ol these members pto-
posed to make the e'ection directly, by inserting
the name ot the Senator in the bill or resolution,
and thus drclarmg the election, instead of prescrib-
ing the time and manner for future action. Pur-
suing ihi-. feelin?, the names of a variety of can-
didates were pioposed, and among them Gernt
Smith, his Abo'itionism out of the question, a
most bitter opponent ol this Administiation. That
|   name might have come from the gentleman alluded
j to by his colleague, but it was under such circum-
I   stances, and foi such objects, as he verily beheved,
1 if it came from lvm at all, which fait he could not
assert.   It was a choice among his enemies, not
i his voluntary prefeunce asa politician, ora citi-
zen, aj his vxva voce vote upon the election should
have been. Tins explanation of the error of his
colleague he had given, as he had betore stated,
rather from rumor thau from any referable autho-
rity; but he did not doubt it was the real explana-
t on, and the on'y one of which hia statement was
suscep ible.
He was now brought to the apparent object of
the remarks of his colleague, and. that was the
point of rm>t materiality and most delicacy, lie
I interests ©f others having been disposed of. Why
wa< the statement of h s colleague made, but to
*how that his friends, and the fnends of the Ad-
ministiation in the North, are the Abolitionists
there? He could see no other object, and o her por-
tions of the Kmarlis of his colleague teemed tj
him to have a similar object and tendency.
In reference to a 1 such remarks, calculated lo
produce personal irritaiion, he would take this
occasion to say to hiv colleague, that it was now
something more than six years since they had
taken their seats tigether in this body; that their
public acts had been known lo the Senate, if n >t
to their constituents and the country; that it was,
therefore, folly for them to discuss the question
here which was a Democrat, which was a Fede-
ralist, or which was a Democratic Republican in
po mes. Their acts, not their words, must deter-
mine that point, and ihe Senate itself would judge,
independently of their impressions, what the (.roper
classification ot each was. So also with the ques-
tion of AboliiiomsT). His action upon that dis-
turbing subject was known to this body and the
country. If it made him an Abolition st, it was in
vain for him to reason against ihe conclusion. If
it did not, any remonst-anees and declaraUonstrom
him agains' the chatge, come from «hat quarter it
i might, was unnecessary here So With the Prt t-
d-nt of the Un.ted States. His declarations and
act  and voles a  to these petitions, and this whole
subject, were perfectly known to every individual
they addressed, and was it necessary for him, as
th  avowed personal and political friend of that
officer, as he had been since he had had the honor
of a scat here, and s'ill continued to be, was it
necessary for him to defend the President against
the chargp of Abolitionism?   Not here1 not heie'
Why, then, Mr. W. asked, were tUrse pom's de-
bated here, upon such an occasion, and thesechaiges
directly made, or impliedly made, by his colleague?
During the whole of their public service together
hiUVno, however wide might have been their
political differences of opinion, it gave him sincere
pleasure to state that there had not been one par-
ticle of personal uukmdness between his colleague
and himself. This condition of their personal re-
lations he earnestly hoped might continue; and
lo ihat ond he would now, as he had upon all
former occasions, carefully abstain from all re-
marks calculated to excite unkind feeling. He
hoped his colleague would inmate him in this, and
relieve them from trie necessity of disturbing the
Sjnate by their personal or local differences. They
had both had experience enough m the body to
know that all such c llis.ons were unpleasant to
the members of the Senate. Should they, then,
thus afflict them? For himself, nothing but ásense
of self-respect could induce him to do i . When
they came there together, they were political fnends.
Those members from other States, whom he bad
found there as political fnends, and who yet re-
mained there, with very few exceptions, were yet
personal and political friends. Those whom he
had found as political opponents, with exceptions
