194
Atrerton, had been offered to quiet the public
mind opon this distracting subject, to p-event ex-
citement, and to *howto the South that the Northern
feeling was generally opposed to any ac ion by
Congress upon Abolition petitions.   These resolu-
tion, thus presented, and for such an object, de-
signating merely the n.ode of disposing of this class
of memorial*, had met with the most determined
opposition from every quarter.   Thit oppi sition
was not confined to the non-slaveholding States.
They met with a most extraordinary opposition
from another quaiter.   The au'hor, in the North,
had been vilified as the destroyer of the right of
petitton.   He was charged at home, within the
limits of his native State, with haviog, by a shame-
ful dereliction of public duty, prostrated and ren-
dered of no effect one of the dearest right  cf ihe
people.   That charge he had met, feai essly met,
before his people; and that people had recently
passed a commentary upon his course, most grati-
fying to his feeling*.   They had returned upon
the issue   a verdict   with   which he has  evety
reason to  be  satisfied.     Gentlemen from slave-
holding   States   had   denounced    Mr.   Ather-
ton's  resolutions as  wholly  inefficient, and de-
structive   of  Southern   rights.    The  resolutions
were presented for the purpose he had >> ated, and
contemplated the adoption of a rule ot practice in
relation to this cla'S of memorials, precisely similar
in effect to that what has been in use in the Sena'e,
and from which much benefit, in his judgment, had
already resulted.    Experience' has shown that, 50
violent was the opposition to ihe resolutions, by
some from   Ihe   slaveholding States  themselve*,
it was rendered altogether impracticable to re-enact
them at the present session for the guidance of the
House of Representatives.   A month of angry and
useless debate in that branch of Congress, eave dis-
tinct evidence that some  thing must be done, and
done without delay, to give tranquillity to the pub-
lic mind. And what was to be done'' Would it have
answered further to delay, and put off action upon
the all important public business before that branch
of Congress—would it have answered  longer to
have consumed the public tim«*, and to have ex-
hausted the public Treasury, in offering and dispos-
ing of those memorials, asking for the abolition of
slavery, as they might occasionally be presented7
Was a course like this to be tolerated'1 Sure he was,
that the response of his own State would moil em-
phatically be, No!  And for what object was oppo-
sition made to the adoption of any rule of practice
which would, in effect, dispose  of Abolition me-
morials, when offered without any debate or de-
finite action.     To save, it was said, the right of
petition—to protect this high privilege of the citizen.
He utterly denied that the general right of petition
was impaired under the rule of practice, as adopted
by both the House and the Senate at the last, or
as established by the House at its present, session,
in relation tofthe mode of disposing of Abolition me-
morials.    That general right remains undisturbed,
untouched, by this recent act of the House of Re-
presentatives.   The Athbrton resolutions and the
recent role have the same general object in view—
to prevent debate—to save all action upon this
particular class of petitions.    It was not believed,
or even supposed by any one, that under either rule
the House would bestow the least consideration
upon these petitions—they  were  to meet"the same
lite there, that they experienced here—they were
in no sense to Ve received for any purpose of le-
gislative action—they were, without reading, with-
out printing, without referring, to receive their
quietus; and, mystify this matter as you  may, this
was the sum and substance of the action of both
Houses of Congress m relation to Abolition petitions.
But in noway is the eeneral right of petition thereby
impaired, nor, in truth, is the paiticular right of peti-
tion upon the selfsame subjects, thereby infringed.
Both the Senate and the House have distinctly in-
dicated that they will not consider—that they will
not act upon—these memorials; and this is all they
say.   They take away no right of petition—they
do not thereby prevent the people from assembling
and asking, at any time, for a redress of griev-
ances. They distinctly say that, as far as it respects
Etitfons asking for the abolition of slavery in the
istrictpf Columbia, coming frotnj, persons with-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
out the District, they will not take them for legisla-
tive action.   This is all; and had he, at the time,
been a member of the House of Rep es^matives, ]l
under existing circumstances, he should have votid
as the majority of the delegation from hi  State   1
voted upon the resolution offered to the House  by
the honorable member from Maryland, [Mr. John-   j
son.]   He would have done this as the only course   |
left him, in order to put to rest this agitating ques-
tion; and, in doing thus, he could not have supposed
for a single moment that he was thereby abridging   '
the general right of petit on.  In his opinion, it was,
due to the interests ot the public u put this ques-
tion to rest—to stop debate, and  to avoid action (
upon this subject.    He, therefore, wis lrf>e to say
that he entirely approved  Ihe course  which his
friends in the other House had teen fit to take, aid
he ente ta ned no doubt that their cour,e would be
approved by iheir constituency.    His own course,    |
since he had been a member ot Con?ros, up in the
subject of Abolition pe mons, wat, well known at
home, and well understood here.    He had been in
favor   of lhat   proposition   which   contemplated
the least possible   disturbance   of this agitating
subject.     His    language   had   been,   " Hands
off."   Let this whole   matter   alone      No   pos-
sible good could  result:  if, by entertaining  the
petitions ot   the Aboliiion memorialists—even if
Congress should carry into effect the prayer of
lhece mrmonali Is,  and  s avery should  be even
abolished in the Distr.ct of Columbia, theie would
not be one slave the less.    His opinion had been, and
still was, agitate not this question.      Let this sub-
ject alone, had bet n h's^ppeal at heme, his doc-   .
trine here.     It concerns not thoce who send tip lo   I
the   Senate,   penodically,    their    peat ons.      If
grievances en t, arising from the institutions of do- I
mestic slavery, they cannot effect those States in
which no such inst tutions are established.     If
slavery be a great moral evil, let that evil be con-
fined to the region where it is tolerated.    If rights
exist, growing out of the relation, he would not in-
terfere therewith.      In no sense, in his judgment,
cin the Abolitionists (f the North be justified  in
their unhallowed efforts—effuits tending to destroy
therghts of properly, and tending to rend a-under
this Confedeiacy.    He would now say to the non-
slaveholding communities—as he had repeatedly
before said—let this whole matter alone.
And is he obnoxious, or are his particular friends
in the Hou e, who voted for Mr. Johnson's reso-
lution, obnox ous to the charge of abridging the
general right of peimon by the course pursued?
How has he, or how have they, impaired lhat
right? No man is more in favor ot the righ's of the
people than himself, and this right of petition, he
believes, is one of their dearest rights. But how
has he impaired that right? Does it follow because
that he, in the exercise of a sound discretion,
sees fit to withhold a petition sent him fiam
his constituent, that he thereby abridges the
right of that constituent? JW not in the least.
The constituent has a clear, undisputed right 10
send his memorial here; but does it follow that the
Representative is bound, at all hazards, to pre ent
«; or does it follow that the body to which it is ad-
dressed is bound, at all events, to receive if Not
so. The E.cpresentat ve and the body must act
upon his and their responsibility. Would it be
said that he was bound to present a petition, com-
ing from his constituents, asking for the aboli-
tion of slavery in the State of Virginia?—a request
undermining the foundations of th s Government
Can it be contended that the Senate would be
bound to receive such a petition? No. The Abo-
litionist himself would hardly contend for lhi«-
There is, then, of necessity, some limitation to this
right of petition.
He would not deny to his constituent iheexistence
of ihis right in its broadest sense; but the Representa-
tive has not only a duty to perform to his immediate
constituents, but to the country. The petit oner
may ask for that which uwould be most dangerous
to ihe peace and security cf the Union to grant.
Should a petition of this character be received and
considered? The Representative, and the body to
whom the memor.al shall be addressed, must ex-
ercise their own discretion and judzment. If the
doctrine be correct, as contended for by Senators
upon the other side, the Senate is bound to receive
every memorial, coming from whom it may, and
a'kmg for wha' it ma\, otherwise the right if pe-
tition is impaired. It the u ht of petition impi e<
an absolute and unqualified obliga ion to r.ceivt,
dJes it not follow, with equal force, that th  right
impo«es a corresponding obligation to consiler an 1
to act?
It this general right of petition is thus abridged,
then it follows that, at all events, and under any
circuimtances, Abolition peutions coming up here,
and all others, must not only be leceived, but con-
sideied and acted upon by the body to wh ch they
m<y be addressed. The Legislature of hi, own
State had, on fn-quent occasions, given such an ex-
pression of iheir own opinu n as relieves him and
hi> fnend-. from all difficulty and embarrsssmenton
this question.
His own State had so repeatedly, through her
Legislature, declared the palpable mju tice of any
action by Congress upon the sub|ect of slave-
ry, as it exists in Ihis Distnct, unrt quested by its
mhabi'ants.ihathe couU not,norcould Ins fuends in
the other House, for a moment believe, that by his
and iheir course upon the subject ol Abolition pe-
titions, he and they were depriving them of one of
their dearest rights. How is this drc'nne altemp -
e,l lo be supported? It is s,nd that this sacre 1 right
of peiition is expressly guarantied by the fn^t arti-
cle of amendments to the Constitution oí the United
States In his judgment, that article has no particular
bearing whatever upon the question. This right,
as it now evisls, so it has existed long before the
Con>titution its If was foimeil. Whit is the arti-
e'e to which reference has beLn made'
"Congress shall make no \iw respecting an esta-
blishment of religion, or prohibiting the fiee exer-
cise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech ot
of the press, or of the right of the people peaceably
to assemble and to petition the Government for a
ledress of grievance*."
Now, he utterly denied, that by the course Iip
had pm&ued here, or by the course his friends had
pursued elsewhere, that he or they were lending
their aid in the passage of any law abridging the
freedom of speech or of ihe press, or  to prevent
I  the peop'e peaceably  assembling together to ask
I the Government for a redros of grievances. He
wonld go i!s far as he who would go farthest
against the passage of all such laws, lie was ut-
terly and absolutely opposed to any cuch legisla-
tion. How, then, has he, or ho v have hi? friends
in ihe oiher House, by his and their course of con-
duct upon ihfse memorials, exposed themselves to
the charge of impairing the general right of peti-
tion'—a right well understood by his reople, and a
right which he would not distuib or abridge—a
) right which, he rejoiced to add, was so universally
enjoyed, and which coald be so properly exeicised
by the freemen of this country.
Mr. President I rse to participate in this ¡'e-
ba e, so far only as the ques'ion is supposed to in-
volve the right of petition, and ihe policy of our
action here, in reference to lhat view of the subject.
The honorable Senators, from Massachusetts,
[Mr Webster,] and from New York, [Mr. Tall-
madge,] seem to regard a refusal by Congress to
[ the presentment of petitions for the abolition of
slavery, as an infraction of that right, whilst the
honorable Serator from Kenti cky [Mr. Cljiv] has,
witk his accust imed eloquence, and much plausi-
bility, expressed his apprehension ihit the people
of the South, in claiming even their right■> he e
w th too fastidious exaction, may diminish their
friends in the North, by permitting the Abolit oa-
ivt« the advantage of involving, with their primary
question, the more popular one of the right of peti-
j ton, and that many will p'obably make common
cause on the right of petnion, and persist in assert-
ing that principle here, who would not concur in
I the particular proposition on which this right is so
frequently debated.
I propos  a brief discussion of these two ques-
tions; and first, as to the right of petmon.
,       The following is the amendatory article of (he
I Constitution of the United States, in which the
right is said to be secured:
"Art. 1. Congress shall make no law respecting
an establishment ef religion, or prohibiting the free
