CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
exercise thereof; or abridging tht freedom of
speech, or of th? press or the right of the people
peaceably to as-emMe and to petition the Gove.n-
ment for a r*dres> of grievances."
In respect to the right of petition, what does this
article propose? It does not attem¡ t to specify the
measure, or the extent of the right, or to what sub-
jects it shall appertain. It does not attempt to spe-
cify what are the duties and cbligalions of Congress
ia the reception of petitions, or the mtastire of re-
dress which Congiess may, can, tr shall afford.
Tne right secured by this article is simply an im-
munity on the fart of th? people from any law ema-
nating from Congress abridgins the popular rights
"peaceably to assnnble and petition Government for
redress of grievances." Whilst Congress abstains
from making any such prohibitory law, are not
all the obligations which this article imposes upon
Congress duly respicted? It must be observed that
this article contains no grant of power to Congress; it
does not enlarg-e the sphere of its duties—it brings no-
thing within the jurisdiction of Congress not other-
wise conferred by the Constitution; it does not multi-
ply the subjects on whtch it ispermitteJto give audi-
ence, indnlge debate, or grant relief. No such
thing. It is prohibitory and restrictive on Congress,
so far as po  er and jurisdiction are concerned. It
observes entire silence as to the several subjects on
which the people may rightfully and appropriately
petition the "Governmentn of the United States for
relief. These unquestionably must remain pre-
cisely as if thi; prohibitory article on the powers of
Congress had never been inserted in the Constitu-
tion. What criterion, then, is furnished to the
people for the appropriate exercise of their right of
petition1! Is not the answer obviously found in
the inquiry as to what Government has the power
to crant redress?
Suppose the grievance crmplained of be the
statute of Massachusetts recently known as the
"fifteen gallan law" Will any constitutional law-
yer contend, or does the mo«.t ignorant citizen be-
lieve, that the article of the United Stat s Constitu-
tion above quoted has conferred a right on the citi-
zen to come here by petition to have that law abo-
lished? The answer to such a proposition would
seem to me so manifest ?s to leave no room for
diul.t on the subject. If such petition were pre-
sented, what should be not only the right of Con-
gress, bat its respectful duty toward a sovereign
Slate? Should we permit ourselves to recrive, re-
fer, report, an! debate the propriety of oar assum-
ing to correct the legislation of Massachusetts on
th s subject? May fome half dozen cit zens of
Massachusetts come here an! claim, as of right, to
hold the sovereignty of that State in abeyance be-
fore Congress for weeks, and months, and years toge-
ther, on such a suhj- c, which every citizen feels and
knows we have no jursdiction of? But if the pro-
position appears cnreasonable in this aspect, now
much greater its enormity, when the measure, in-
stead of being proposed by citizens of Matsachu-
sílt«, protesting against the grievances of their own
Htate laws, it should turn out that this mal-adminis-
tration of affairs there was sought to be corrected
in Congres*, on the petition of some score of bac-
chanalians from the shore of the Mississippi?
As I would act, and as I believe the Senate
would act in such a case, so, in my judgment, they
ought to act in this.
This, Mr. President, is emphatically a question
of jurisdiction, and the rejection of such petition as
now presented does not assail or invade the right of
petition. The whole scope and extent of the poli-
tical right of petition, is the risht to ask redress
from that Government or tribunal hiving the power
to giant relief.
Common sense, as well as legal and constitu-
tional rales, prescribe this as an essential principle,
and necessary limitation to the right of petition. If
a citizen of the United States was desirous to ob-
tain a patent r'ght of protection to a mechanic
invention, to be used in the kingdom of Gr?at Bri-
tain, would he, as a.matter of common sense and
propriety, petition that Government or this for the
protection? If a citizen of the United States, of
ihe Catholic faith, desired some spiritual indul-
gence from the charch, would he petition the pa-
pal power of Rome, or this Federal Government?
If it were desired by the citizens of New York to
have some new regulation in respect to their public
markets—or on the subject of lamp-lighting the
streets of that city—is there any among them who,
through ignorance, or in pretending to assert the
right of petit'on, would come here for redress ot
such grievances? Do any citizens of our country,
seeking to recover debts owing to them by other
ci'izcns, ever asseit their right of petition so un-
advisedly as to ask the judgment of Congress to
award that redress? All must accord a negative
response to these propositons, and the reason must
as obviously occur to all: namely, in seeking either
favor or redress, the petitioner perceives and acts
upon the necessity to present his solicitations where
the power is vested to grant what is asked for.
I readily admit, that in a complex system of Go-
vernment, there may be evils, for the redress of
which intelligent citzens might mistake the tribu-
nal or an'hrity to which they should apply. Nay,
further, that the departments or tribunals themselves
might honts'ly mistake their own power, and
wrongfully granl or withhold relief. But the diffi-
culty of distinguishing the appropriate tribunal,
having power to grant relief, does not change the
principles of the question. And this rule is par-
ticularly true of the Government of the United
States, which is of limited jurisdiction. It is not
for the Goverment to palter with pretensions to ju-
risdiction, when it is asceitained not to be within
its granted powers. There should be no affected
courte-y to those who would besi<ge this Senate
into the assertion of unauthorized power, at the
expense of prostrating the sovereignties who send
us here—and particularly on a question, the right
to legislate on which has been so often disclaimed
on all sides, and in which opinion all here concur.
But further, to illustrate this question of juris-
diction in contradistinction to the right of petition,
it may be observed that all sur citizens practically
understand the duplicate form of their Govern-
ment, and readily distinguish the general and ex-
clusive powers that appertain to their Sta'e Go-
vernment from thee which belong to the United
States Government. Every citizen knows that the
great body of the laws that prescribe his rights and
duties as a member of society, an J the rules and
regulations that control his right and title to pro-
perty, emanate from hi* own Sta'e Lrg:slaturp;
and it se'dom occurs (and perhaps has never oc-
curred) that a petition is presented here nh:ch so
mistake* its pr. per direction as to ask reli?f of this
Government in matters respecting which the peti-
tioner's State Covernment alone possessed the
power to grant relief. And it is perhaps still more
remaikab'.e that neither ignorance or impertinence
h?.s ever perpetrated a petition by citizens of a
Slate to their own State Legislature, asking the
abo'ition of any law or institution in another State.
Every citizen of the slaveholding States, if in-
quired of why slavery does not exist in Massa-
chust tts, will answer, becaase it is proscribed or
abolished by the Government and laws of that
State. And every citizen of the non-slaveholding
States, if inquired of why slavery does exist in
Mississippi, will as readily answer, the institution
is established and permitted by the Government of
Mississippi. Up to this point, and to this extent,
al. must understand the matter alike. Now, sup-
pose the citizens of the South should commence,
by petition?, to importune Congress to establish
slavery throughout the States of New Eng'and.
Has New England a Senator here whose consti-
tuents could be induced to believe Congress had
Ihe power to grant such petitions? And has New
England a Senator here, or c tizen at home, who
would not feel himself insulted, and the rights and
sovereignty of his State wantonly outraged, by
incessant importunities here of this character?
Would they defend the monstrous presumption of
such ¡mponunities, and demand your respectful
deference to their claims, on the ground that sach
was the right of petition? If such be the right, let
us rote its bearings in a case which might aptly
arise on the same article of the Constitution, from
which, it is said, this extent of the right of petition
is deduced.
« Congress shall make no law respecting an esta-
blishment of religion," &c. A petition is presented
by the Baptist association of North Carolina, pray-
ing Congress to establish their creed and laith as
the national religion, and abolish all others. A
Senator having such petition in charge, states its
import, and proposes its presentment. Its reception
is objected to, because it seeks of Congress that
which the Constitution forbils Congress to grant «r
to legislate upon. But the advocates of this ex-
tended right of petition, rise and answer: "We ad-
mil Congress has no power to grant the prayer of
tl e petition, or to make any law respecting it.
But the same article of the Constitution pre-
scribes also that Congress shall make no law * * *
abridging the * * right of the people peaceably to
assemble, and to petition the Government for a
redress of grievances;' and we consider, first, the
petitioners have a right to regard the provisions
of the Constitution, interdicting Congress the
power to establish national religion, as a 'grievance?
secondly, we are bound to futen to it, asa griev-
ance rightfully complained of, though we aie
sworn to maintain it, as not a grievance; thirdly,
we are bound to proceed with the preliminaiy
formr of legislation, as if to grant redress, though
we all know and acknowledge our oaths to sup-
pott the Constitution as no 'grievance' in this be-
half, compels us to deny redress. We therefore
cannot consfiiuftona/ft/ reject this petition, till all
this solemn mockery is gone through with, in order
to preserve the right of petition. Tne rig/it to
have these ceremonial preliminaries of legislation
d.spensed to the petitioners is secured to them as
the vital principle of the right of petition.
The petitioners knew, before coming here, the
Constitution denied us the power to grant the
' redress' sought. It is presumed, therefore, they
petitioned with no expectation of redress. And
we are bound to conclude, that knowing their
rights, and our power in this respect, they are
merely asserting the right of petition, by way of a
healthful political exercise. Thus we regard this
sacred right. A right in this case, secured by the
Constitution, to seek its des'ruction. A right
which binds us as priests to minister at the sacri-
ficial alter, though pre-obbgd to save the victim.
Finally, a right in this, and like cases withjut
remedy, but yet a profound and sacred right."
N«w, I ask of those who reason thus here, if
they have heard ihe like logic at home from any
of their constituents? I appiehent not. If their
constituents fully understand this point in differ-
ence, if they will comprehend this essential nothing
so far as fAeir nbject is concerned in the particular
case, and th? light of petition is vindicated for
them by their representatives here, will they im-
portune us lonjer to gain this certain negative, this
affirmative nothing? 1 stale the que lien, and I sta'e
it for the common sense of the peop'e to e'ecide,
and believe those that are honest will decide with
us.    It is this:
A petition is presented here to abolish slavery in
the Southern States. Such petition, all parties, or a
great majority, in Congress, agree, would seek that
which Congress has no power to grant. It is no
question of expediency or propriety; but it is a
question of potoer—of jurisdiction—and the majori-
ty so believe and regard it. The question i; then
made, "Shall the pejition be received?" Now if
Congress be already agreed that they have no eotis/i-
tulional power to granl the petition, in what respect
are the petitioners benefited in having it receiveJ 1
Suppose it be received and referred to a committee,
who report thereon, "that Congress have no power
over the subject-matter of the petition," and which
report is adopted by the Seríais, can the most san-
guine petitioner imagine that he has asserted hii
rights with any more succefs than if his petition
had been rejected without such refeience and re-
port? Has he obtained any more of what he
sought in this latter result than the substantial re-
jection of his petition? Those who advectte ihe
extended right of petition, say this mode of rejec-
tion is what the petitioners are entitled to. It is
what they mainly desire—what they deem all im-
portant to the preservation of their liberties. As
one, Mr. President, I do not believe the Abolition-
ists who understand the question as thus presenteel,
are contending for any such phantom- «or can
they believe the essential right of petition consists
