CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
f¡
negative—it requiritg a vote of two ih'rds to sus-
pend the rules.   The vote was as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. J. Allen, Atherton, Banks, Bcirne, Black-
well, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V. Brown, Burke, Sampson H.
Butler, William O. Butler, John Campbell, Carr, Canoll,
Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Craie, Cross, Dana, John W. Davis,
Doan, Do'g, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fisher,
Fletcher, Floyd. Fornance, James Garland, Gerry, Hand,
John Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of North Carolina, Hook, How-
ard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave John-
son, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Leadbetter, Leet, Le -
lurd, Lewis, Lowell, MtClellan, Mallory. Medill, Miller,
Montanya, Montgomery, Parish, Parmenter, Parns, Paynter,
Reynolds, Rices, Edward Rogers, Shaw, Shepard, Albert Smith,
John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong,
Sweeny, Taylor, Philip F. Thomas, Waddy Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Turney, Vanderpoel, Watterson, Weller, Wick,
and Henry Williams—So.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Andrews, Barnard,
Bond, Briggs, Brockway, Casey, Chinn, Chittenden, James
Cooper, Mark A Cooper, Corwin, Ctabb, Curtis, Edward Da-
vies, Garret Davis, Dawson, Dfberry, Dillett, Edwards, Gid-
ding-s,.Goggin, Goode, Graham. Granger, Graves, ILibeistiain,
Hall, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hunt, James, Jenifer, Charles
Johnston, Lawrence, Linco'n, Marvin, Mitchell, Monroe, Mor-
an, Calvary Morris, Naylur, Nisbet, Ogle, Palen, Pope,
j'roffit, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner( Rhett, Ridgway,
Russell, Sergeant, Simonton, Truman Smnn, Stanly, Storrs,
Stuart, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplet!, Trumbull, Underwood,
Peter J. Wagner, Warren, John White, T. W. Williams, Lewis
Wiliam?, Joseph L. Williams, Christopher II. Williams, and
Wise—73.
The SPEAKER then called for reports from
committees; when
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the Committee ef Elec-
tions, (that comm itcc being the first on ihe list,)
repoited a resoluuon empowering the committee to
have all priming done which it aeemed necessary
to facilitate the business before it.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to amend the
resolution, by authorizing the committee to print
all the evidence they have collected. Mr. J. in
submitting this mution, observed that he did not
propose discussing the question involved, and for
that reason, and to savs the time of the House, he
would call fur the previous question.
Mr. CRABB hoped the gentleman from Ten-
nessee would not do so much injustice to the com-
mittee as to persist in his motion. I demand, said
he, that the committee be heard.
Mr. CAMPBELL appealed to the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw bis motion for the
previous ques'ion.
Mr. C. JOHNSON declined withdrawing his
motion. He had purposely avoided discussion
himself, believing it would be a useless consump-
tion of time.
Mr. BRIGGS moved a call of the House: which
was ordered—ayes 85, noes 58; and
The roll was called, resulting in 187 members
answering to their names. After calling Ihe ab-
sentees, and excusing such of them as were absent
from unavoidable causes,
On motion, all further proceedings under the call
were dispensed with, and the doois were opened.
On rot turn of Mr. SERGEANT, Senate bill to
amend the act to provide for taking ihe sixth cen-
sus or enumeration of the inhabitants of ih« United
¡States, approvrd 3J March, 1839, was laken from
the Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
. ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The SPEAKER announced thai the order of lie
day was the moiion of Mr. Casey tj
inoual of the National Road Com
Terre Haute-, Indiana, to ihe Cuim
and Means, with instiuclions to r<
pmpriatiiig $150,000 to each of lh«
Indiana, and Illinois, to be expendí
berland road.
The   substitute of Mr.  Picki
ilruclions, as follows:
"And that ihe memorial be committed to the
Committee of Way.-, and Means, with instructions
to consider the expediency unreporting a bill m
favor of the measure."
And Mr. Marvin's amendment to the origi-
nal proposition, and substitute for Mr. Pickens's
amendment, as follows:
" And that the Commiitee of Ways and Means
be instructed to report bills iu accordance with the
eitimates contained in the reports from the Ch:ef
Engineer, and ihe Chiel of the Topographical En-
gineer*, to the Secretary of War, and communi-
cated to Congress by the President, making appro-
priations lor th« year 1840, for the continuation of
the construction or improvements of harbors and
roads and the navigation of rivers, for which ap-
propriations have been heretofore made.
Mr. REYNOLDS, by permission, wished to cor-
rect some of the remarks he made a few days ago
on the question now before the House.
Mr. K. said : I am satisfied I misunderstood the
statement of Mr. Hubbard of Alabama, about
granting to the State of Illinois the public lands to
comple e the Cumberland road. He stated be was
willing, so far as he was concerned, that the States
m ght lax the public lands in Illinois, Ohio, and
Indiana, to make the road, provided they did not
tax them higher than they would tax their own
citizens for ihat purpose.
Mr. BARNARD said the proposition before the
House was general, and embraced the whole sys-
tem of internal improvements, which have been
under the fostering care of the Government for
many, years. He was p'eased that it had been
madegeneral. He had no disposition to connect
this subject with party, but did not believe it was
possible for him, more than others, to divorce it en-
tirely from party. He hoped, however, whatever
a^ect it should assume with reference to party,
it should be of a national and patriotic cast, and
be not merged into local and personal party con-
test. The question was one of a great national
parly policy—it was whether it be not the duty of
Government to provide, by all the means in its
power, and that it commanded, for the con-
struction and repair of roads, of national
and military importance; for construction and
improvement of harbors, and removal of ob-
structions ftom navigable rivers for the good of
commerce. This was the great question involved;
a question which had been identified with the poli-
tics of the country, necessarily, for many years.
He believed it was of the utmost importance that
the National Government should prosecute all
works of the above character, commenced or par-
tially completed. The system of internal improve-
ments to which he had referred was one commenced
Ion; ago, and was prosecuted by the power and
agency of the Government for a long series of
years, and there was nothing new or unusual in it—
it was one which had commanded Ihe favor of
every President of the United States, «very Admi-
nistration of Government, every party in power,
and every pany of any considerable standing
which expected to get into power, since the system
was first introduced. It had met, certamly, with
personal and parlal opposition; but he be-
lieved if there was any one system of policy
which might be considered as established
by the Government, it was this one. It was now,
for the first time smce it was introduced, suspend-
ed, now for the first time placed in jeopardy. That
machinery ot Government which had been em-
ployed for a series of years, has been now thrown
out of gear. The system, so far as the President
and cabinet were concerned, had been entirely
■ abandoned. He then a*gued at some length, to
show the correctness of the positions assumed above,
and to fhow that the President had taken distinct
grounds against it, but did not complain because
he had exerci-ed his constitutional prerogative
in abandoning it. Tbey were now told, said Mr.
B. that trie public lands and duties on imposts
yitldsjust so muc^ revenue, and that there were
certain indispensable objects, (as enumerated in
the estimates,) which would consume the whole,
and would leave nothing for objects of inter-
nal improvement and, from the reading ef
the message, the idea of increasing the ta-
riff is so entirely of the question, thst it is not to
be regarded for a moment as the ultimate source
from which the great system could derive means
for its support, and commented at some length on
that part of the message which enjoins on Con-
gress the propriety of keeping within the bounds of
the estimate*, to which he was understood to be op-
posed, and went on to ^ow that, from his reading
of the Constitution, Congress had the power to lay
duties for the common defence and general wel-
fare, without any other restriction, and claimed
that the subject of discussion came within that pro-
vision, and should receive the fostering care of the
Government.
Mr. B. the* went into a lengthy examination of
the compromise act, to show how far its provisions
could be complied with, without abandoning the
system of internal improvements by the Gene-
ral Government, and to what extent the duties
could be increased under it to carry on that sys-
tem. The President and Secretary had referred to
that act as if it was impossible to revive the tariff,
except in case of war; that he had adopted it as a
basis for his estimates not only for the present, bat
for the future; and the consequent*  would he, if it
was not to be touched, that the most invaluable
policy and iuterests of the country would be sacri-
ficed. It seemed to be looked upon by the father
and framer of that law; as well as the Executive,
as a sort of new Constitution; as a law superior to
all other laws; yes, as one overriding even the
Constitution. It was to be regarded by the Execu-
tive as limiting the Consiituiion, and even restrict-
ing the powers of that House; and what effect
it would have upon the great manufacturing inte-
rests of the country remains to be settled. The
National road, harbors, all the great objects of the
past care of the Government, were to be sa-
crificed to the genius of the compromise act.
Thus, sir, we have a new rule set up, by which the
action of the Government should be measured.
The question hereafter would be no longer what
the interests ot the Government required, but
whether the 20 per cent, ad valorem would admit of
carrying out any measure that might be for its inte-
rest. A political alliance had been formed be-
tween the head of the present Administration and
a distinguished individual, the great champion of
this compromise act. The first effect of that alli-
ance was the total abandonment «f the system of
internal improvements. He begged leave, for one,
to enter his solemn dissent, and upon his official
responsibility, to the whole doctrine which belonged
to the assumption, on the part of the President of
the United Stales, that this compromise could not
be touch' d. He did not believe that it was su-
perior to the Cons itution, and could not be dis-
turbed, though he was not, at present, willing that
it should be disturbed.
But he protested that it should not be considered
of any higher legal value than other laws, or that
the action of the Government should be restricted
to us provisions. He did not believe that the 90
per cent, ai valorem was to be a standard now, and
for the futiré. He did not agree that the manu-
facturing interest; and system of internal improve-
ments should be sacrificed, because of the existence
of this law; and there was no good reason why they
should not resort to temporary loans to carry out
the great inients of the Government if it was found
necessary. Mr. B. contended that if the system
shou'd be suspended, the greater part of the mo-
ney already expended would be as completely lost
as if it had been sunk in the ocean. A great en-
terprise was to be broken off, half executed; and the
part of the road completed would be of no sort of
value. Harbors half executed—wharves and
dikes half built, were to fall a sacrifice in con-
sequence of the new political alliance. For
one, he objected. Mr. B. then spoke at some
length, to show how injuriously the abandonment
of the system would operate on the improvements
on the Hudson river now partly «ompleted; and
said if the Honse would agree to appropriate to
complete that work with the understanding that all
other objects of interval improvement would be
abandoned by the Government, he would, on behalf
of his constituents, reject the proffer. He went for
the whole system, which was a glorious one, and
would never consent to abandon it to benefit a par-
ticular part of it. If it was to be abandoned on the
score of economy, it was net such economy a*
was worthy of a statesman. He again contended
that the twenty per cent, tariff rule was no rule
for the proper action of the Government, aad if
any one branch of the public service was likely <o
suffer by it, it was the duty of the Government to
raise means to prevent it.
Mr. B. then went on to argue that the proceed 
of the public lands should be applied «P**-Z*?
purposes of internal improvement. He r**"™**)
the public lands as being held by tlie O *.™*"1
in trust for the people of all the State , ad did ■«
