800
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
recent  the right of the Government to apply its
proceeds to the ordinary pnrpjses of Government-,
but coatended thai the Government should pay
such expenses by duties on import?; and it such
expense-  required that the duties should be in-
creased, it ought to be done so in t me of peace as
well as m time of war. The moneys expended on
•bjects of internal improvement, he thought,
would be reimbursed to the Government, eventu-
ally, through the means of the general benefits
which it would confer on the country in developing
¡u resources. He then went on to examine the
estimates, comparing those of the pan year with
those of the present, to prove that the great redac-
tion contemplated in the expenses of Government
by the President, was owing to the abandonment of
objects of internal improvement andihe diminished
•umber of pensioners, and cot by a retrenchment
of unnecessary expenses, and thought the President
did not deserve much credit for it.
Mr. B. argued tn support of the proposition to
instruct—he held it absolutely necessary in the
present state of the case to instruct. The cabinet
was a unit, and was opposed to the objects con-
templated in the instruction; and the House knew
how the Committee ol Ways and Means was con-
structed with reference to it. They knew, from
the symptoms which came from that committee
last year, that it was opposed to it—and it was a
premonitory symptom of what m ght be expected
from it this year. Unless that committee was posi-
tively instructed, he did not believe it would report
one single bill for objects of internal improvement.
Under ordinary circumstances, be would not in-
struct that committee.
Mr. CRARY was aware that it had become a
common custom to consider all the questions which
come before toe House with reierenee to constitu-
tional considerations; bat as far as the amendment
to the amendment was concerned, be could
hardly suppose that the strictest constructionist in
the House doubted the power of Congress to act on
it. It was not in the power of the States to impose
taxes for the improvement of their harbors-, and
that power being exclusively confined to Congress,
U became necessary for them to come bete for ap-
propriations, when such improvements were
wanted. As Congress had taken the jurisdiction,
it most therefore take the consequences re-
sulting from it. He was aware that great
abases had existed under the system, but the
existence of these abuses was no argument
against the exercise of this power, when
it became necessary. He was willing at any time
to go into a correction of these abuses—to lop off
extravagant and unnecessary expenditures; but at
the same orne he would vote the appropriations
which the iwh and increasing commerce of the
Northwestern lakes demanded- The expenses for
these harbors, Mr. C. said, bad grown up under
peculiar circumstances, well worthy the attention
of the House. That section of country bad, within
a few years, undergone an almost entire revolution
with regard to the prices of the products of indus-
try. Hence it was estimated that, in 1830, a work
that would cost one hundred thorn and dollars,
would cost double that amount in 1836. Added to
this, the commerce of the lakes had increased to
an unexampled degree. In 1834 there was but
little commerce on them, bnt, as the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Marvin) told them yester-
day, it now employed a tonnage equal to tbat of
the Atlantic coast, exposed to greater dangers and
consequently requiring a more efficient protection.
The vessels fitted out from the Atlantic cities are
not exposed to the dangers ol the coast, as is the
ease with those navigating the lakes, but numbers
of them make voyages in which they are absent
from two to three years from home. On the con-
trary, the vessels on the lakes are continually ex-
posed to danger, daily and hourly passing within
its reach. It would be remembered that it was by
the improvements of the harbors on the lakes, that
the whole of the Northwestern dumain bad been
brought into market, and a populous Stale raised
■p from a wilderness. When this system com-
menced, the State which he represented was al-
entireir «known—a country of sands and
and ha had no doubt that men wen
many gentlemen here who believed that all
this country was a wild, barren and bleak
wa^te, and unfit for cultivat on and the
support of man. Yet when they came to look
into the history of the operations of this
Government, it would be seen that a Urge portion
of our revenues was derived from this \ery coun-
try. The State he represented had, in the last four
years, brought into the Treasury something like
eight millions of dollars. Now, Mr. C. argued
that if these improvements had lesuited so much to
the benefit of the Government, it ought not to ques-
tion the expediency of carr> mg them on. After
having induced these people to go on and sett'e this
wilderness, would the Government say to them
that they shall have no avenue by which lo send
the products of their industry to market; tbat they
shall be isolated and cut off from all the benefits of
the Government, while compelled to bear a large
lertion of its burdens ? Mr. C. then relerred to a
part of the argument of the gentleman I rom South
Carolina, [Mr. Pickbks,] and expressed his plea-
sure at the expansive views of that gentleman with
regard to the extens on of thi-. gnat empire by the
addition of new S'ates; and he hoped soon to have
an opportunity of testing his professions But the
gentleman was mistaken in supposing that it «e
had a war with Great Britain, the bait es would be
fought oa the ocean, or that ihe Atlantic ernes
w. uld be the only points attacked by ih« enemy.
Oa the contrary, he ¡-aid the battle would be fought
on the lakes. There would be no invasion on the
Atlantic border; but the enemy would pour his
squadrons into Canada, and, from Canada, strike
us in our weakest point. Mr. C. then look a view
of ihe number of troops toat the British Govern-
ment bad been concentrating for the last three or
four years in Canada and the pains that were taken
by her experienced officers in ilri'ling their militia.
He spoke also of the fortifications which bad
been constructed by that Government, and the
. number of aimed vessels they employed on the
i lakes, in contiaveution of ther agreement with us,
and said that all these circumstances ihowed that
they were preparing themselves lor a war w.tb
this country.
Mr. C. alter an argument at some length to show
the importance of an appropriation for these har-
bors, said he wou'd make a brief reply to tbat part
of the speech of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Proffit,] wjich was foreijn to the subject under
cons, deration, and therefore out of order. As the
gentleman, however, bad been permitted to take
this latitude in debate, it was, in his opinion, per-
fectly in order to answer him. The gentleman
had thought proper to bring into this dis-
cussion the military exploits of one of tbe candidates
for the Presidency, [General Harrison,] whom he
eulogized as the captain of all captains, while he
gave him credit for military f-kill which did not, in
his opim in, belorg to him. He would not, Mr. C.
said, troub e the Home w th one word on tbe sub-
ject, had it not been for the remarks of the gentle-
man from Indiana. When a gentleman came to
make a speech calculated to convey an impie -sion
throushout the country which history did not war-
rant, he was justified in making a reply. The gen-
tleman had based the fame c f his great captain of
all captains on three of his exploits—the battle of
Tippecanoe, the victory of the Thames, and
his bring the author of the plan for the
armament of the lakes Now with regard
to the battle of Tippecanoe, which laid the
foundation of this great captain' - fame in the
estimation of the gentleman from Indiana, he had
a few words to say. It would be impossible
for the gentleman to point to any act of general-
ship in that battle. Tbe order of battle was un-
skilful in ihe extreme. Tbe army was encamped
in the most vulnerable and exposed s tuation that
could be selected, and at night was completely sur-
prised by the savages, though evety circumstance
warned the General of bis danger, and called on
him for the utmost vigilance and circumspection.
Though the number of the savages was but a little
over four hundred, while the force of General
Harrison amounted to 1,500 men; yet his army
was oaly saved from total destruction by ths gal-
lantry of the Kentuckians, led by the gallant and
11
ill-fated Daviers, and part of the brave Fourth regi-
ment, which wascomposcdol citizens of Massachu-
setts.
Mr. C then took up the report of this battle,
made by General Harrison to the War Depart-
ment, comment ng on its details in support ol the
position he ha I assumed, when
Mr. LINCOLN and several others called him to
order, and Mr. L sppealed to the Chair whether it
was in order for the gentleman to discuss matters
not before the House. He insisted that the gentle-
man should take Iun sear, and not he permitted to
pioceed without the leave of Ihe Houss.
Mr OGLE hoped the gentleman mizht be permit-
ted to proceed. He, as a Iriend of Gen Harruon.was
mtling to hear all he had to say. Several other
gentleman expressing the wi&h that the gentleman
mich' be suffered to go on,
Mr. LINCOLN withdrew his objections.
Mr. CRARY, on resuming, observed that he had
been well aware that he would not be permitted to
reply to this part of tbe remarks of the gentle-
man from Indiana without interruption.
But why was it, he asked, that that gen-
tleman had been suffered to go on y s-
terday out of on'er, and to go fo extensively
into the h story of a particular individual, while he
was taken up almost in the beginning of a reply
to him. II it was in order f r a penileman to de-
part from ihe que«tion before the H(u>e, and dis-
cuss one part of tho character of an individual,
surely it ought to te in or 'er to di cuss another
point of that individua \> charactf r in rep y to a.
But Mr. C. believed that all such discussions were
wrong, and an unprofitable waste of the time of the
House. He would not,on his part,have replied to this
part of tbe remarks of the gentleman from Indiana,
had it not been necessary to correct erroneous im-
pressions, which would be conveyed from
this Hall. Mr C. then continued his review of
the report of the battle of Tippecanoe, and after-
wards proceeded to notice the victory of
the Thames, tbe who'e credit of which, he
showed, belonged lo the present Vice President of
the United Slates, at whose instance the plan of
tbe battle first devised by General Harrison had
been changed, and who led the Kentuckians, who
fought the battle and gamed the victory? Mr. C.
th-n went on to show, from documentary history,
that the plan tor the armament of the lakes was
not first suggested to the War Department by Gen.
Harrison, but that the plan had been recommended
a year previous, in a letter from Mr. Armstrong,
afterwards Secretary of War, to the then Secre-
tary cf War, Governor Eusn -; and also in a letter
about the same time from Captain Wool«ey of the
Navy, to Commodore Chauncey. Aftersome further
remarks from Mr. C.
Mr. GOODE of Ohio, obtained the floor, and on
his motion,
The House adjourned.
Mr. Thompson of Mississippi gave notice on
yesterday that he would ask leave to introduce,
among other bills, a bill to reeulate the fees oí the
clerks and marsha's of the Federal court in the
northern and sowhern districts of M SMSsippi.
This title was incorrectly published on yesterday.
In the report of the proceedings of Ihe House of
Represen'atives yesteidiy, our Reporter omi'ted to
notice that Mr. Chinn of Lousiana presented a
petition signed by a large number of the citizens of
the parish of Caddo, in the State of Louisiana,
priying for a repeal of tbe laws of naturalization.
Mr Chinn observed that as the House had, on
a pievious occasion, referred all «uch petitions to
the Committee on the Judiciary, he moved a like
reference of said petition; whiah was ordered by
the House.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 15,1840
The SPEAKER annout ced that the o der (f the
day was the mo'ion of Mr. Casey to refer the me-
moual of the National Road Ci nvention, held at
Terre Haute, Iadiana, to theC< n.mi tee of Ways
and Means, with instructions to repoit a bill ap-
propriating $150,000 to each of the States of Ohio
