20$
lixed citizens of the city of New York, praying
that Coogrejs may take s ich measures as will se-
cure the rec- gmiion of their rights as eitizms of the
United Slate ; which was referred to th * Committee
on F^re ?n AtTans.
DISPOSITION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. DIXON said he held in his hand a set of
resolutions/which had recently cime to his ho-
norable ifclleague and himself, passed by the
Legislator* of the State of Rhode Island, in favor
of distributing the proceeds of the siles of the
public lands among the respective Stales.
yde deep interest which the people of that State
hace Ion  felt in that subject, has more than once
UÜaced them to express, through their Legislature,
Xheir views and claims in relation to it. Histo'y,
t^/sir, bears testimony that that State minted is
early exertions with the fir>t and la.-t efforts pe-
rilled by our country in that struggle on th  result
of whicn depended the acquisition of that domain.
Tho-e in that State who took a bold part in the
Revolution, and there were many—th^se who
fought m the battles of that occasion—suppo ed
they had piid the price, the dear price, which
purchased their common interest in those lands;
and their son"!, sir, have hitherto believed them-
selves entitled to the same, as a part of their fair
inheritance.
Those r«solutions seem to have bfen drawn op
with a view to a bill pending tefvre C< ngrcfs for
the purpose of ceding those lands to there>.v£t!t"s.
But, sir, as the same subject will be before ihe
Senate to-day, or very soon, on the resolutions
introduced by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tacky, [Mr. Crittenden,] in amendment, or by
way of substitute, for the reso'utions reponed by
the Select Committee, he would take occasion to
introduce them at ihrs time, and moved that the
res )!uth'ns te read, printed, and laid on the table.
The resolutions wc re then rsad.
Mr. CALHOUN said tba< he had great respect
for Rhode Island, as one of the States of the Union,
and her Legislature; but he was compelled to think,
from the very erroneous description winch the re-
solutions gave of the bill* he had introduced, that
•For the purpose of elucidation, the bill which
was the occasion of the discussion is annexed:
A BILL to cede the public lands within the limits of ¡lie new
States, on certain conditions therein mentioned.
Be it rtuicled by tlf Stnale and 1 loos' v/M-inesmlalivcs
of the United States of Amrrira in Congress nssemblrd,
That all the public lamls within lite Stales of Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and M chiean, with the exceptions of the sites ot f indications,
navy and do'fc yard*, arsenals, magazine*, and all other puhtie
buikfmgsshall, after the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred
and lorty-lwo, be ceded to the States within the limits ol wlu> h
tliev are respectively situated, they ha* ing pieviou^-ly complied
wi h the follow ns conditions
Fir«t. That the said Slates stiall severally pa-s aeis, to be
irrevocable, that they will annually pay to the Innied S.ates
fifty percent on. the sross amount ol the sales of such lau Is, on
or before the first day ol February ol each succeeding year.
t Secondly. That the minimum price, as now h\rd by law,
shall remain unchanged until the thirtieth day <•' June, alore-
said; but after thai permd the price may be reduced by the
States respectively, accordmi to the lollowing scale ah land?
t heretofore ottered at public tale and then remaining unsold ten
years or upward, preceding the tlrr letii day of June aloren ud,
miy be rcducedbysai I Stales lo a pnce not less than one dollar
per acre; and all lands, that may have 1>een offered at public sale,
an 1 remaining unsold fifeen years or upwaids, pteceding the
said thirtieth dav of June, eigVuTi hunlred an I forty two, may
there  fter be reduced by sanistates to a pi ice not less than si ven-
ty-five cents per acre, and all lands that may have been offered
at public sale, and remaiini'S unsol 1 twenty jears or upwml,
preceding thJ said thirtieth dav ot Jone, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, may then be reduced by said States toa price not less
than fifty cents per acre, and all lands that may have !i°eii of-
fered at public st'e, and remaining Uu=ol 11 wen y five vea is or
tipwards. preceding the said thirtieth dty of-Tune, e'2ht en hun
dred and forty two, may there-iiier be reduced by said Slates io
a price not less than twenty-five cents per acre; and all laodj
tint may havebeen offered at pobticsale an I lemajmriz unsold
thirty years or upwards, precedinff the said tlmucth day of June,
enrhteen hundred and forty two, snail be ecded immediately to
tne States in which eaul lands are situate Piacid dt Tuat
a'! Ian Is which f'tMl r^mnn unsold afor having beeeu offered
at public sale for ten years, and which do not come under the
above provision*, shall besith|icttoihepiovision3ofgradtjatiun
an I ce-^i >n afórela' I at the re-pec'ive ptnoda of ten, fifteen,
twen-y. twenty five, and t'uny years af'er "aid sale, commencing
from the expiration ol ten ycara after the same liad been offned
at public sa'e.
Thirdly. That the I mi's shall be subject tó the same le?al
subdivisions In the sate and survey as is now provided by law,
reserviDg for each township the sixteenth section, or Ihe sub-
stitutc. as heretofore provided by law; and the land not yet
offered for sale, shall b3 first offered by the State at public auc-
tion aud hesoW for cash only, in the manner now provided by
law. And any land now or hereafter remaining unsold after
the same shall have been offered for sale at public auction, shall
be subject to entry for cash on'y, according to the graduation
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the   members   had   never   seen    ii,    and   that
they   had taken   their conceptions   of   it   from
the   le'ter   wnteis, many of  whom dealt with
truth as   with  fiction.     The   resolutions   affirm
that the cess on proposed was without equivalent,
i    Fvery member of the Seaa'e krows that the as-
j1  sertioa   is without foundation.     So far from a
gratuitous cession, the  bill provides that the Sutes
I  shall pay over one-half  of the gross proceeds,
h  leaving   t'"e   other   half to   cover the expense,
¡I   trouble, and responsibility of   management.   So
far f'om a   gilt, he  Leheved that thebdl, if it
'  shonld  become a law, would bring as much into
1   the Treasury, cr nearly so, a-, the pie-ent system,
<i bok'es ihe great political advantages,  which he
contemp'ated  from the measure.     Among thrse,
'   a   prominent   one   was,   that   it   would reduce
tlit" pa'renaga of ihe Government greatly, probably
one-thud, which he had supposed  that gentlemen
i   who professed to be so anxious to limit the power
I  of ihe Executive, wo ild not  entirely  overkok.
1 j  Anoiher   was  to  arrest the growing conflxt be-
tween the new  and  t Id States about  the public
1    lands, which ought, as he would have supposed, lo
I    have some value in ihe eyes  of those  «ho  pro-
iessed to be friends to the union and harmony of
the States.    And yet the Legislature of a respecta-
ble Sa'e, in the face of all Ih.s, bai ventured to
i  affirm, officially, u. grave and solemn  resolutions,
that the session was without equivalent!   How is
|j  this to be accounted for, but on the :uppa--iiion he ,
had made,  that  the members have nevtr seen or  I
read  the bill  which  they  had  undertaken to dc-  I
nounce?                                                                     '
Mr. DIXON rep'ied to ihe S-nalor from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] that he would n-it  talte
upon himself to say that the  Legislature of the
State of Rhode Island were well advised of the de-
tails of the bill whicii the Senator had alluded to
in bis remarks.    When they passed the resolutiors
now under consideration, whether they acted upon
the authority of newspaper publication*, as the
honoralle Senator had suggested, wheiher they had
I  listened to the tongue of common fame, or availed
iheraselves of any other source of information, or
had acted from the suggestions of their own imagi-
j   nation, was not material, inasmuch as they  were
I   oorrect in point of fact.      For, it is a  truth, sir,
i    there is a bill now pending in this Senate,   for the    I
'    purpo.se of transferring those public lands located  '
|   within the geogiaphical limits of certain new Slates,
i   to tho^e new States.    Whether that ce-Sion, sir, is
|    lor a fair equivalent or not, did not enter into Ihe
!   consideration of the Legislatuie which pissed those
¡     which may be fi.\ed by ihe Slaie  íespeciivcly, under Ihe pro-
j     visions ol llns aci, aud that the acts ol Congress whit.li may lie
l     in  lorce at the tunc of accruing to this act, shall remain un
clianicd, except as modified by this act, unless with the assent
of Congress
Fouitli This cession, together with the poilion of the sales
n Ire rei.une I by the Stale* rcpcr'ively, under the piovi&ions of
this act. shall be in full ol the five per cent, fund, or any | art
theieof, not ah^ady accrued to anv Slate, and tbe said Slates
shall bo exMiiMvely liable for all charges that miy hereafter
ansefroin the sui\cys, safes, and management of the public
lands and extinguishment ol Indian title within the limits ol said
Slates lespec lvely.                                           "                              I
Fifth. That, on a failure to comply with any of the above
conditions, or a violation ol the same on the part of any ol ihe
said Slates, tt.e cession herein made to the State failing to com
plv with, or violating said conditions, shall be Iherebv rendered
null and void, and all grants or titles thereafter made by said
i Slate, for any poruin of the punlic lands wulnn the limns of
1 the same ceded by tins act. shall be, and ate heicby declared to
be, null and \ oi.l, and ol no effect whwevt r
Sec   2   And be ¡tjurlhri  tnarltd,   That  whenever the
Piesident ol (he Untied Stales shall be olhciaily not.tied lliat
any of the Stales aforesaid has* p.i.- ed an act in compliance with
the above comhtions, n sh^l! be his dutv, after the thirtieth day
ol June alon'sii I, or loithwith altei the  pasaageol said act if
pa^ed subsequent to that period, to adup' such mea ures as he
chalí think proper to rlose ihe land offices including Ihe sur
veynia rleparnn-nt, within the turn's of said State; and ihat the     i
commissi* is ol all officers connected therewith shall expueon     ,
ariav to be fixed by him, but wh.cli daj shall not be hryond six     I
mouth) a'ur the  thirtieth day of June aforesaid of if stib^e-     I
mient thereto, from the day he' leceived the official notification
ol the Ihe passage ol said act.
Sec 3 And hp it furthrr enacted, That on puch notifica-
tion being made, the f-atd State shall be relieved from all com-
pact, acts, or ordinance, imposing restrictionson the rightof
(•d'd State to tax any lands by hei authority subsequent lu ihe
Kt'e thereof, ceded by this ac!, and all maps, u'les, records,
boíles, documents, and papers, in the firneral 1,-md Office at
Washington, relative lo said lands, shall be subject to the order '
and disp'Obtion of the Executive of Eaul S'ate
Sec 4  And be it further  enarlfd,  That all lands of the
United States within the limits of ihe State of Tennessee, with    i
ihe exceptions enumerated in the first section of this act, shall   Ii
be, and the same arc hereby, ceded to said State.                         |
resolutions. They meant no comment upon its
detail*; and however perfect that bill might seem,
in ilv opinion of the honorable Senator, for the
object in tended thereby, yet the bill would be no
less exceptionable to those who were opposed to
the principle of the bill, and in favor of the distri-
bution of the proceeds of the sales to the respective
Stales.
Mr. CALHOUN. He did not object to any
expression of opinion that the Legislature of
Rhode Island might choose to make; but he had
Mipposed that a Legislature owed it to itself, and a
regard to truth, to make itself acquainted wi h the
facts before it undeitook to pronounce solemnly
on the characier of a measure. The Legislature
of Rhode Island not having thought proper to do
so on the present occasion, he felt called on, as the
author of the measure, to notice the lact, lest his
silence might be construed into an acquiescence in
the truth 'f the resolutions, and thereby tend to
strengthen the enoneous impiession which is >o
indusinousiy atlemnteJ to be made in reference to
the bill.
Mr. CLAY was of opinion that the Legislature
had pretty correctly described it. What said the
bil ? Did it not propose to give one-half for the
management of the oiher? So the resolutions of
the Legislature of Rhode Island could not be
wholly incorrect; i hey were half right, At least, ac-
cording to the pro vis ons of the bi! I. We had ex-
tinguished the Indian tilles in nine new States,
and the whole cost of surveys and sales wou'd not
be moie than five per centum; yet here, in one
sweeping clause, it was contemplated to cede one-
half, ihe result of which would ultimately be a
cession ol the whole. And why? The bill con-
stitutes each new State a collector of this revenue,
and their necessities m'ght tempt them to use jt,
and year after year we should have application io
give ume on thesj collections. Besides, the States
might think proper to use paper circulating me-
dium, while ihe hard money Administration would
receive nothing but >pecie ! Would you say to
the Siate, you shall not sell you land for the mo-
ney which you are content to use among your-
selves? These, with other causes, would in a few
years become so perplexing and f o embarrassing,
that we should be glad to relinquish the whole.
Mr. C. alluded to the remark in relation to the
diminution of the patronage of the General Go-
vernment. That, he admitted, was very desirable;
but then it might be effected as too great a sacri-
fice. Suppose we were a*kcd lo get rid of the
Army or Navy to diminish the pationage of the
Government, should we do it? And yet here was
a plan to get rid of a thousand millions of acres to
dimmish patronage. Such a plan, he thought,
could not command the serious approbation even
of the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. CALHOUN. The Senator himself admits
the false statement of the resolutions, while he un-
dertakes to show that they are not sj to the degree
be had stated. Instead of no equivalent, as they
assert, he admits that one hall, at ltast, is to bj
paid over lo the Union; but in this he does not do
juiiice to the measure. The fifty per cent, of the
gross proceeds I o be paid over was on his part but
a conjectuial estimate, liable to te raised or dimi-
nished by the committee before whom the bill now
is, as the result ot a careful examination of all the
facts of the case might lequire to do justice to the
Government and the Slates. His object was to al-
low suJi a compensation to the Stales as would
not only coverall the expense and trouble: of ad-
ministration, but would make it their interest to
manage the lauds with prudence and economy.
As to the consequences which ihe Senator had
undertaken to trace, he would not attempt to folj
low him and point out his errors, as he was deter-
mined not to be ft reed, on an occasion so unsuit-
able, into a disouss'on on the general merits of the
measure. He, however, would say, that he had
no lonfidence in the Senator's lesults, as¡ he pre-
sumed he had none in his. But whtn the proper
time arrives, he would be prepared to meet the
Senator or any other opponent, and to sho w that the
bill, in every view in which it could be regarded,
political, moral, and fiscal, was perfectly de-
fensible.
