£04                                               CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
only means of saving their wives and children
from the tomahawk and scalping knife.
I beg leave to transmit herewith a copy of a let-
ter from A. L. Magennis, esq. of St. Louis, which
contains his impressions respecting the object for
which these dogs were procured, and the manner
in which they are to be used, derived during a short
stay which he was obliged to make in Tallahassee
about the time the dogs arrived in Florida.
The memorials are heiewiih returned.
Very respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
J. R. POINSETT.
Hon. Tromis H. Bínton,
Chairman Committee on Military Affairs.
Washington City, Feb. 8, 1840.
Dear Sir: In compliance with your request
that 1 would communicate in writing what 1 had
previously ment oned in conversation, as hav'ng
heard while passing through Florida, on my way
here, respecting the bloodhounds recently brought
there from Cuba, and the purpose for which they
were procured, I beg leave to slate that, on the 6th
nit. daring a sojourn of two or three days at Talla-
hassee, while paying a visit at the residence of the
present Governor, a gentleman entered the parlor,
who was introduced as Col. Fitzpatnck, and who
informed Governor Re'.d ihat he had just ar.ived
from Cuba wilh a number of bloodhounds, to ob-
tain which he had been despatched, as I undjrsttoJ
him, under authority from ex-Goveinor Call, and
the Legislature of Florida. Col. Fitzpatnck sp< ke
of the difficulties which he had had in getting those
dogs, thirty-three in number; the high price paid
for them, and the great trouble arising from boiste-
rous weather and scarcity of provisions, owing to
the voyage being of nnusual length, in bringing
them over; he expressed a de.-i;e that Governor
Reid should give immediate inductions te have
them taken from oa board the \e-sel, then lying at
Pott Leon, or St. Maiks, as they were very much
reduced and feeble from want of proper focd, and
put ia some fit place, nn^er the charge of five
Spaniards, whom he had hired in Cuba as their
keepers, and who were the only persons capable of
properly managing them. A good deal was said
as to the manner in which they were to be used in
operating a gainst the In lian?; and, I believe, as
well as I can iecollcct,and roy recollection is prstty
distinct, Col Fitzpatnck, who appeared moft con-
versant with the mode of keeping and using them,
observed that they were always muzzled, unless
when being fed; that when emplojel, in order to
discover a hiding or retreating enemy, a keeper was
appointed to each dog, to hold him in lea'-h, and
endeavor to put him on the scent, which, once
found, he rarely lost; the pursuers following close
np to the keeper, and were thus conducted to the
object of their search.
The dogs were describled by Col. Fitzpatrick
as possessing fine wind, great strength, bottom, and
courage, and as differing from the common hound
in one particular, which made them of infinite ser-
vice in chafe of a lurking enemy: they rarely or
never gave tounge to warn him of the approach **f
his pursuers. 1 was not led to btlev-i, from any
thing which I heard on ihe occasion alluded to, or,
indeed, a' any other fme during my journey
through Florida, that those dogs were to be un-
muzzled and let slip to asiail the hostile marauding
Indian warriors, and destroy their women and
childien. I am persuaded that the peop'e of Flo-
rida, dreadfully as ihey have suffered from the fero-
city of the Indians, would not countenance sach a
species of warfare.
Col. Fi'zpatrick, who, I have since learned, is
an officer ot ths Florida roiltia, struck me as being
a gentleman of great intel'igence and decided Chi-
rac tcr.
I have the honor to be, &e
ARTHUR L. MAGENIS.
To the Hon. Mr. Poinsett,
Secretary of War.
War Department,
December 30, 1839.
,       - to acknowledge the receipt
Sir: I have the hotlo*        .anr inquiring into the
of your letter of the 27th in  ,.    '
truth of the asser icn made by the public papers,
that the Government had determined to use blood-
hounds in the war aga nst the Florida Indians, and
beg to assure yi.u that it will afford me great
plea-ure to give you all the information on this
sub,ect in possess'on of the Department.
From the time I first entered upon the duties of
the War Department, I continued to receive letters
from officers commandna; in Florida, as well as
from the most enlightened citizens of that Terri-
tory, urging the emp'oyment of bloodhounds as the
most efficient means of terminating the atrocities
daily perpetrated by the Indians on the settlers in
that Territory. To these proposals no answer
was given, until, in the month of August, 1839,
while at the Virginia Springs, there was referred to
me from the Department a letter a Idres^ed to the
Adjutant General, by the officer commanding the
forces in F.orida, Geneial Taylor, to the following
effect:
Headquarters, Army op the South,
Fort Brooke, July 28,1838.
Sir: 1 have the honor to enclose you a commu-
nication, this moment received, on the subject of
procuring bloodhounds from the island of Cuba to
aid the army in its operations against lhe hcsüles
in Florida.
I am decidedly in favor of the measure, and beg
leave again to urge it as the only means of ridding
the country of t .e Indians, wh > are now broken
up into jmall parties that take shelter in swamps
and hammocks as th  army approaches, making it
impossible for us to follow or overtake them with-
out the a d of such auxiliaries.
Should this ¡aeasuie meet ihe approbation of the
Department, and the necessary authority be granted,
I will open a correspondence on the subject with
Mr. EverUon, through Major Hunt, Assistant
Quartermaster at Savannah, and will authorize
him, if it can be done on reasonable terms, to em-
ploy a few d^gs, with persons who understand
iheir management.
I wish it distinctly understood that my object in
employing dogs, is only to ascertain where the
Indians can be found, not to worry them.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient serv't,
Z. TAYLOR,
B'. Br. Gan. U S. A. Commanding.
To Gen. R Jones, Washington, D. C.
On this letter I endorsed the following decision,
which was communicated to General Taylor: " I
have always been of opinion that dogs oucht to be
i employed in this warfaie to protect the army from
surprises and ambuscades, and to tr?ck the Indian
to his lurking placp; but supptsed, if the General
believed them to be necessary, he would not hesitate
to take measures to procure them. The cold-blooded
and inhuman murders lately perpetrated upon help-
less women and children by these ruthless savages,
render it expedient ihat every possible means
should be resorted to in order to protect the people
of Florida, and to enab'e the United States forces
to follow and capture, or destroy, the savage and
unrelenting foe. Grneral Taylor is thtefore au-
thorized to procure such number of dogs as he
may judge necessary, it being expressly underwood
that they aie to be employed to track and discover
the Ind.ans, not to worry or des'roy them."
This 's the only action or correspond-nee on the
part of the Departmeit that has ever taken place
m relation to the matter. The General took no
measures to carry into effect h s own recósamenda-
tion, and this Department has never since renewed
the subjfet. I continue, however, to entertain
the c pin on expressed in the above decision. I
do nrt bel;eve ihat desciipt on of dog, ca'led the
bloodhound, necessary t=> prev*nt surprise or track
the Indian muiderer; but I still think ihit every
cab'n, every military poft, and every detach-
ment, should be attended by dogs. That pre-
caution might have saved Dade's command
from massacre, and by giving timely warn-
ing, have prevented many of fhe«ruel mur-
ders which have been committed by the In-
dians in Middle Florida. The rn'y successful
pursuit of Indian murderers that I know of, was
on a late occasion, when the pursuers were aided
by the sagacity of their dogs. These savages had
approached a cabin of peaceful and industrious set-
tlers so stealthily, that the fir>t notice of their pre-
sence was given by a volley from their rifles thrust
between the logs of the house; and the work of
deati was finished by tomahawking the women,
ater tearing fiom them their infant children, and
clashing their brains out against the door-posts.
Aré these ruth'ess savages to escape and lepeat
such scenes of blood because they can elude our
fellow-citizens in Florida, and our regular soldiers,
and baffle iheir unaided efforts to overtake or dis-
cover them ? On a late eccasion, three estimable
citizens were killed in the immediate neighboihood
of St. Angustine, and one officer of d's'mguished
merit mortal'y wounded. It is in evidence that
these murders were committed by two Indians,who,
after shooting down the father and beating out
the son's brains with the butts of their rifles, upon
hearing the approach of the volunteers, retired a
few yards into the woods, and secreted themselves
until the troops leturned to town with the dead
bodies of those who had been thus inhumanly
and wantonly butchered. It is to be regretted that
this corps had not been accompanied with one or
two hunters, who, with their dogs, might have
(racked the blood stained footsteps of these Indians;
have restored to libeity the captive they were drag-
ging away with them, and have prevented th°m
from ever again repeating such atrocities. Nor
could the severest casuist object to our fellow-citi-
zens in Florida resorting to such measures in order
to protect the lives of thei- women and child-en.
Very respectfully,
Your moit ob't serv't,
J. R. POINSETT.
Hon. Henry A. Wise, House of Representatives.
War Department,
January 26, 1840.
Sir: It is understood by the Department, although
i not officially informed of the fact, that the authori-
| ties of the Territory of Floiida have imported a
pack of bloodhounds from Ihe Island of Cuba; and
' I think it proper to direct, hi the event of those
dogs being employed by any officer of officers un-
1 der your command, that their use be confined, alto-
ge'her,  to tracking the Indians; and in order to
ensure this, and to prevent the possibility of their
injuring any person whatsoever, that they be moz-
i zled when in the field, and held wiih a leash while
following the track of the enemy.
Veiy respectfully, your most ob't serv't,
J. R. POINSETT.
Brig Gen. Z. Taylor,
Commanding Army of the South, Florida.
THE UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
The CHAIR announced that ihe unfinished bu-
siness of Friday could now be taken up; which
was the motion of Mr. Benton, from ihe Commit-
ter on Finance, that certain documents on the salt
bus;ness should be printed.
Mr. LUMPKIN «uzgested whether, before they
proceeded in any further argument on this subject,
' it would not be betier to have a copy of the work
1 on each Senatoi's desk, and then they m ght vote
understanding^ on the question of printing an ex-
1 tra number.
j The CHAIR übted that the question before the
Senate was only for printing the usual number for
the u?e of the Senate.                  t
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky and Mr. DAVIS stated
that they had no objection to printing the usual
number; and the printing was ordered.
Mr. DAVIS submit ed the following resolution,
which was considered and adopted:
Resolved,That the President of the Uni'ed States
be requested to transmit to the Senate such infor-
1 mation as he may possess showing the necessity of
further legislation in regard to the papers of vessels
bound on foreign vovagrs.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The resolutions connected with the report of the
Select Committee on the assumption of the State
debts were taken np, as follows:
1 Resolved, That the a.« sumption, directly or in-
directly, by the General Government, of the debts
which have been, or may be, contracted by the
States for local objects or State purpo*es, would be
unjust, both to the States and to the people.
"" w
