CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*    '                                                                     '                                                                  '"                               ""'  '"                                  '■ "'       ■ "   s
26th Coko..........1st Sess._________________TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 1840._____________________Volume 8...........No. 14.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.                                    .......WEEKLY                                          PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
[Continued from JV5 . 13 ]
various claims opon any of the classes of the said
general pension fund."
Mr. BANKS said it would be in order to move
the above as an amendment to the amendment, but
was clearly out of order to move it as a substitute
for the bill, whde the amendment prtvioubly offer-
ed was pending.
The CHAIR, accordingly, ruled the amendment
out of order; when
The que s'ioa was taken on the amendment offer-
ed by Mr. Garland of La. and decided in the ne-
gauve.
Mr. WHITE renewed his amendment, as above.
The question on which was taken by tellers,
(Messrs. Davies of Pa. and Graves acting as
such,) and the amendment was rejected—ayes 52,
noes 75.
On motion of Mr. JONES of Va. the committee
then rose and reported the bill to the House, with-
out amendment.
Mr. CURTIS moved that the House adjourn;
and the yeas and nays having been ordered upon
the said motion, he withdrew it.
Mr. TURNEY demanded the previous question.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS moved that the
Hon'-e adjourn; opon which
Mr. PETRIKIN dt manned the yess and na^ s,
which were ordeieJ, and were—yeas 22, nays 116.
So the House refu-ed to adjourn.
The previous quest'on was then seconded, and
the main ques'ion ordered; whieii main question
was, Shall the biil be engrossed for a third reading?
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON demanded the yeas and
nays on the above question; which were ordered,
and were—yeas 135, nays none.
The bill was then read a third time, when
On the motion of Mr TURNEY, the previous
question was moved and seconded, and the main
question was ordered; which mam ques'ion was,
Shall the bill pas?
The bill was then passed; after which,
On motion of Mr. DR0MG00LE,
The Home adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednisdav, February 19, 1840.
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of E Shaler;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RUGGLES pref ented the petition of citi-
zens of Maine, for a Congress of Nations, to set-
tle internat onal disputes; which was referred to the
Comrnittea on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. YOUNG, the petition   of a   j
nnmer of citizens of Illinois, praying that an an-
nual term of the Circuit and District  Couitofllli- i
nois may be held at Chicago, now on file, was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SALT   DUTY AND SALT   MONOPOLY   IN
THE WEST.
Mr. BENTON asked to add certain papers lo i
those already ordered to be primed on the subject j
of the salt duty, and the monopoly of «alt in the
West. The papers which had been ordered to be
printed were principally from the West—chiefly
from the State of Missouri: those wh ch he now
presented, came from a very different quarter; ihey
came from the East—and iiom the far East—from
that Asia wh ch groaned under Ihe iron sceptre of
the English East India Company. This company,
which was a corporation, had exemplified in Asia
every variety of abuse, tyranny, and oppression,
which the passions of man could suggest; and
among other abuses, had established a salt mo-
monopoly throughout the vast regions over
which it ruled. The parallel letween the
conduct of these menopol zers of salt in Asia '
and in America was complete in every paiticular; '
in felling by the pound, instead of the measured
bushel; in extorting an enormous and unconsciona-
ble price; m appointing agents to distribute the
salt to the people m district*; ,n adulterating the
salt; and in suppressing its manufacture, or pro-
duction,   In all these particulars, the coaduct of
the monopolizers in Asia and America was pre-
c,s"ly the jame; and there was but one point at
which the Engl sh company beat the American;
and that was in the reduc'ion of lh.3 quantity, or
soppress'on of the manulaciuie of sal'. The
American companies effected their obj'ect by rent-
ing salt wells and furnaces, and letting- lhem lie
idle, and by hiring owners of salt water not to dig
wells; and alio by limiting the manufactu-
rers to make but a certain quantity. This
is the way the American monopolizers
effected their object; the English company
in India, on account of their military fore ,
had a more compendióos, cheaper, and effectual
way to accomplish ihe same object: it was, simp'y,
to drive the native HinJoos down to the iea shore,
where the power of the sun covered the beach with
pure strong salt, from the evaporation of sea wa-
ter, and make them throw it all back into the sea;
and then come to the Company's agents and pur-
chase their adulterated stuff, (from one-third to
one-half being the amount of adulteration,) at the
rats of about firty cents for fifteen pounds. With
this single exception, in which the English mono-
, polizers in Asia had the advantage over the Ame-
ncans m the mode of lessening the quantity of salt,
their conduct was precisely the same, and led to
|  the same complaints anl applica'ions for redress.
1 The Hm loos, in 1832, sent a deputation to Lon-
don to complain to the Parliament of th;s salt mo-
nopo'y, and t> beartlesi f.bust*.      The  House of
,  Commons raised a se 1< ct committfe to inquire into
j the conduct tí the East India Company generally,
and into this abuse in particular; wh'ch committee
took the testimony, both of native* and Engli«h-
m--n, and reported the whole to Parliament; and
here it is, sud Mr. B. (holding up a large folio
volume,) heie it is; and I now have to ask the Se-
nate to print, as a part of the salt papers already
ordered to be printed, the testimory of two of
these witnesses examined before the se'ect com-
mittee of the British House of Commons; one of
the witnesses being a native Hindoo, and the other
an Englishman.
Mr. B. said h* proposed to himself three advan-
tages in printing the testimony of these two wit-
nesses; first, to show the identity of abuse from the
salt monop ly in Asia anl in our America; se-
condly, to show that the people of the West now
suffer irom the talt monopolizers ia the West,
every oppress on which ihe English East India
Company lately infliclel on the Hindoos; thirdly,
to cla<m for the people of the West the same
attention from Congress to their complaints against
the salt monopoly, which the Hindoos obtained
from the British Parliament.
Mr. B's motion was agreed to.
Mr. B. said that this examination into the salt
monopoly in India, had been brought to his atten-
tion by a friend, in consequence of the five hours'
debate in the Senate, on Friday last, against print-
ing the testimony of Wes'ern citizens on the
subject of the S3I1 monopoly in the West.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which was referred the petition of the
heirs of Silence Elliott, made an unfavorable report
thtrron; which was ordered tj be prrnied.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to nh'ch wa« referred the btll for the relief
ol Lieut. John E Bispham, repoi ted the same with-
out amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to authorize the Secie'ary of ihe
Treasury to use chemical or any other oil in the
lighthouses, and to make the r.ecessary alterations
lor that purpose; which was read, and ordered te
a .«econd roading.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee 'on Roads
and Cam's, repotted a lili to authorize the Mine
a Lamutte and Mississippi Railroad Company to
enter, on a ere tit, a quantity of land, to a d the
company in the construction of a rai'road from
Mire a Lamotte, in the State of Mtsseur, to ihe
Misssiippi river, and for other purposes; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the petition of the
assignee of David Beard, nude an unfavorable re-
port thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
The b.U fiom the House of Representatives
making appropriations for the payment of Revolu-
tionary and other pensionéis ot the United States
for the year 1840, was read a first and second time,
tlu referred to the Committee on Finance.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The bill for the relief of Charles Morgan of Lou-
isiana;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Cochran;
The bill for the relief of Alvar&z Fi.-k and the
legal representatives of Thomas P. Eskridge;
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal re-
presentatives of William Conway;
The bill for the relief of Pierre Babin;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Madame
De Lusser;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Campan;
The bill to confirm certain land claims in the
Greensburg land district, State of Louisiana;
were severally taken up, as in Committee of the
Whole, considered, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third readirg.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The resolution from the Select Committee on
the assumption of the debts of the States was
then taken up, and Mr. CLAY of Kentucky ad-
dressed the Senate at length on the subject.
Mr. SEVIER intimated an intention of address-
ing the Senate on the subject, and, on his motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wedmesdav, February 19, 1840.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Post Office Department, en-
closing a report of the expenditures of that De-
partment for the year ending 30th June, 1839,
which was,
On motion of Mr. LINCOLN, referred to the
Committee on the Expenditures in the Post Office
Department.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order w?s the resolution reported from the
Committee of Elections by Mr. Campbell, chair-
man, asking the Hou e to grant that committee the
privilege to have all printing done which is deemed
necessary to facilitate the investigation of the New
Jersey deputed election.
The question pending when the re;olution was
last under consideration, was the motion of Mr.
Cave Ji hnson to amend the proposition with the
following, as a substitute:
Resolved, That all the proceedings and papers be-
fore the Comm ttee of Elections in relation to the
New Jersey election, be reported to the House by
the committee, with a statement of the names of
the individuals who received a majority of all the
votes given at the election for members of the 26th
Congress in that State, and that the same be print-
ed tor the u\e of the House, and the committee
ha e leave to have such other papers and docu-
ments in relation to other contested elections, pend-
ing before them, printed by the public Printer of
Congress.
Mr. FILLMORE, who was entitled lo tbe floor
on thispropcsit'on, was prrceeding to discuvs t!«
pioceedings of the committee, when he was inter-
rupted by
Mr. PETRIKIN, who made the following point
of order. It was not in order for the chairman of
a comn ittee, or any other member of a committee,
or of the House, to allude upon that floor to any
thiog w.lich has taken p'ace in committee, or in
any w ay relate, in debate, what was done by said
committee, or by the individual members of ih«
commi te:, except it i* done by a counter repoit
made to the House by authority of a majority ot ,
the committee.
