CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
NOES—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Ful-
ton, Grondv, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin,
Mouton, Nicholas, Pierce, Roane, Robinson Se-
vier, Stranee, Stuigeon, Tappan, Walker, Wall,
Williams, Wrieht, and Young—27.
Mr. GRUNDY said that though he was very
anxious to have the quesiion taken on the report
of the committee, he was not disposed to press the
consideration of it more hastily than would com-
port with the eoDveniesce of the Senate. If,
therefore, any Senator was desirous of addressing
the Senate on the subject, he was willing that it
should now be informally passed over.
On metion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, the ques-
tion was postponed until Monday next, with the un-
derstanding that it woold be then taken up, and
discussed until disposed of.
A message was received from tbe House, stating
that the amendment of the Senate to the pension
bill had been concurred in.
UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
The report of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
unfavorable to the claim of Jubal B. Hancock,
was then taken up, and after being discussed by
Messrs. KING, SEVIER, LUMPKIN, CLAY of
Alabama. WHITE, and HUBBARD,
Mr. KING movfd that the report be referred
back to the Committee, with instructions to bring
in a bill for his relief.
The qustion was taken on this motion, and de-
cided in the negative—ayes 9, noes 18.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, February 20, 1840.
After the reading of the journal,
Mr. FILLMORE raised a question as to the cor-
rectness of the journal, in that part which related to
the caus; for which he was arrested in h;s remarks
on yesterday; and
After a few remarks from Me srs. PETRIKIN,
FILLMORE, and HOLLEMAN, as te the matter
of fact at issue,
Mr. FILLMORE moved to amend the journal
by substituting for the record, as a reason why he
was called to order, in substance, the following:
"That while he wa* reading a resolution adopted
by the Committee of Elections, in relation to the
New Jersey contest, the reading was objected to,
and he was called to order;" and
After some further discusión between Messrs.
PETRIKIN, HAND, FILLMORE, and ADAMS,
the amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was ihe resolution reported from the
Committee of Elections by Mr. Campbell, chair-
man, asking the House to grant that committee the
privilege to have all printing doDe which is deemed
necessary to facilitate the investigation of the New
Jersey disputed election.
The quesiion pending when the resolution was
last under consideration, was tbe motion of Mr.
Cave Johnson to amend the proposition with the
following, as a substitute:
Resolved, That all the proceedings and paper  before the
Committee of Election , in relation to the New Jersey election,
be [«ported to the House by the committee, with a statement
of tbe names of the individuals who received a majority of all
the votes ?iven at the el clion for members of the Twenty-sixth
Congress in that State, and that the same be printed for the use
of the House, and the committee hare leave to have such other
papers and documents in relation to other ron'ested elections,
pending before them, printed by the public Printer of Coneresp.
The question immediately before the House was
the appeal of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] from the decision of the Speaker,
that it was not in order for tbe gentleman from
Ntw York [Mr. Fillmore] to read to the House
the resolution or proceedings of the Committee of
E ections, not then in possession of the House, and
which it was proposed to print.
Mr. RUSSELL here rose and said it was known
that the committees had not been afforded an oppor-
tunity to report this session; and asked the general
cons-nt of the House to move the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the several committees of the House which
have not been regularly called for reports of the present session
of Congress, be called tomorrow, immediately after the reading
ofthe journal, which shall have pieference to all other business
until the respective committees shall have been called.
Mr. PROFFIT objected.
Mr. RUSSELL moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to offer the resolution.
The SPEAKER said the motion could not be
admitted except by general consent, the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fillmore] being entitled to
the floor on another subject.
j     The appeal was debated at great length by
!      Mr. ADAMS, who had taken the appeal, he
i said, from absolute necessity, and contended that
: the gentleman from New York bad the tight to
; read the papers; and, furthermore, any member ot
;  the House had the right to call for ihe  reading of
¡ all the papers which it was proposed to print; and
| re id the rule in support ol this position.    He said
i if the decision of the Chair should be sus'ained,
'■ the freedom of speech would be denied that gentle-
I man, and it would be difficult for him to assign a
, reason why it wou'd be impossible for that com-
1 mittee to report.   He thought be was entitled to
j the right to read; and was opposed to vote to give
; him permission to do that which he was entitled to
j  do under the iule.   Mr. A. believed, if the princi-
ples involved in the decision  should  obtain, the
j rights of a member, in this particular, would en-
| tirely depend hereafter upon the will of a majo-
rity.   His experience on that floor taught him that
privileges would be granted to a member with re-
regard to whether he belonged to a majority or a
minority party.   The rules were a most detestable
means in the hands of  a majority.    Every rule
was, and could be, made  the instrument in the
hands of au arbitrary majority to restrict the rights
of members, and he hoped there would be such a
revolution, in this respect, as  would restore the
rules to their legitimate purposes.   It was for the
reason above that he wishtd  to  settle the pr'n-
ciple that any member had the right to  read, in
illustration el, or to enforce his argument, any mat-
ter which he thought pertinent, and not leave it
subject to the arbitrary will of a  majority to say
what his rights were.    He maintained that the let-
ter of the rules gives Ihe right to call for the read-
ing of any paper to elucidate an argument.   The
righls of members were already sufficiently pinched
by means of the pre vious question, motions to lay on
the table, and punctilious and captious questions
of order.
Mr. PETRIKIN maintained that a committee
was a distinct body of Individuals, and that it was
entiiely out of order to read papers, and to arraign
its proceedings, before the House, whilst they were
exclusively under the control of the committee. 1 he
privileges of ihe committee could not be violated
by a single member of it making use of matter
which was alone under its control. He contended
the latter clanse of the original proposition to print
was itself out of order, and the proposition to read
was doubly so.
Mr. POPE agreed with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Petrikin,] that they could
not discuss any papers and proceedings of a com-
mittee until they were reported to the House, or
the committee was discharged. The proposition
was what he considered an indirect way to dis-
charge it; and he thought it would be more manly
to move a formal order for a discharge. It was
an attempt to decide the New Jersey contest with-
out that thorough investigation which was contem-
plated when the matter was referred to the com-
mittee. The committee have sent for persons and
papers to carry out the views of the House; and it
would be improper to arrest the eommittee in tbe
execution of its order. For one, he was not wil-
ling to vote b'indfolded. If the question to report
and to print could be entertained, the members
should have the privilege of knowing what it was
that was proposed to be printed. He suggested to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] mat
it would be better to discharge the committee than
to press the question in its present form. If the
appeal was withdrawn, he would raise the ques-
tion whether it was competent to entertain the
proposition to print.
Mr. BANKS rose to inquire of tbe Chair what
was the actual question before the House. Was
it whether the gentleman from Ntw Yorii should
be permitted lo proceed with his remarks, or to
read the papers which had been acted on by the
committee of which he was a member?
The Clerk, by direction of the Speaker, read
from the journal the point of brder in which Mr.
Adams toi k an appeal.
Mr. BANKS would lake the occasion to ny
that it was highly important, in settling precedents
ia reference to the proceed ngs of this House, that
they should be uniform; that they shonld apply in
all times to come to similar cases; and that they
should not be adverse to the decisions of this House
and all other legislative bodies. Now, he was per-
fectly willing that the gentleman from New York
should read any papers that were applicable to the
paiicular question before the Hou e; and he con-
curred heaitily with the gentleman from Mas-
sachuset's in the sentiment that the rights
of ihe minority should be preserved; but in
sustaining the decision of the Chair in this
instance, he did not infringe the rights of the mino-
rity, nor stand in opposition to the well established
principles of parliamentary law. Let him ask tbe
gentleman from Massachusetts if it was in order to
allude in debate to the votes taken in a committee
room; to the particular proceedings adopted there;
or, in short, to make any other than general allusions?
How are you to know any thing of the proceed-
ings of a committee without a report from it; and
would it not be impolitic and unjust, as well as
destructive of the very objects for which commit-
tees are constituted, to bring up and discuss de-
tached parts of their proceedings before they had
agreed on a report? Was it not known to the gen-
tleman that to go into a discustion of what was
done in a committee room, was always out of order?
I know, said Mr. B. that we can allude to it in
general terms, but it must be obvious to every one
that we cannot go further than this without doing
injustice. But the gentleman said you cannot re-
quire a member to vote on a question till it is read
to him. In that assumption he agreed with bim
entirely. But what were they required to vote on.
Was the paper ihe gentleman wished to read, the
question before the House?   Certainly not.
What, then, was the question? It was the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to the resolution submitted by tbe chairman
of the Committee of Elections. That was the
ques'ion on which the gentleman was called upon
o vote, and it had been read to the House again
and again. He was willing, Mr. B. said, for the
gentleman to read any papers having a bearing on
the question before the House, and he shonld not
himself have objected to the reading of this particu-
lar paper, had no other objection been made. But
objection having been made, and the questionhav-
ing been brought directly before the House, in the
shape of an appeal, he felt himself bound to sus-
tain the decision of the Chair, and, in doing so, to
conform to those established principles so essential
to the regularity and order of parliamentary pro-
ceedings. But the gentleman from Massachusetts
said yesterday, that the chairman of the committee
had been allowed to detail at large, not only the
proceedings of the committee, but to give the par-
ticular votes of the members; that is, elating that
there were so many for and so many against par-
ticular motions. Very true, he listened to tbe gen-
tleman with pleasure, and was also willing to lis-
ten to the gentleman from New Yoik, though ex-
ceeding, in his opinion, the bounds of order. But
what was he now called on to do? It was to set a
precedent lhat would lead to the most mischievous
results. If you can go into committees and drag
forth their records to be commented on ia this
House; if you can say who voted for or against the
particular proportions before them; or if yea can
read and discuss any special resolves they may
have passed, you will embarrass their proceedings,
destroy their usefulness, and engender jealousies
and heait burnings in place of the harmony and
good feeling that ought to prevail in them. If he
had any influence with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, he would ask him to withdraw his ap-
peal; but, if the gentleman would not do so, he
hoped the decision of tbe Chair would be sus-
tained by the House. Mr. B. said he looked to the
consequences that would result from reversing the
settled practice of the House, rather than to the
particular case before them; and for the purpose or
