CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
had contemplated. He would, therefore, refrain
from offering any amendment, and hoped that the
bill would pass without the introduction of any ad-
ditional items.
Mr. HUBBARD moved to amend ihe bill by
adding the following:
"And that it shall be the duly of the sent marshals and depu
ties, respectively, to lake an enumeration ol each and every in-
sane lunatic or idiotic pauper within their districts, whether in
asylums, prisons, or runmnj at large; every person in the seve-
ral State and county prisons, confined therein for crime; everr
pauper supported at public or private charge; tujether with
the age, sex, and color of each; stating whether bond or free.
Mr. SERGEANT hoped the amendment would
not be pressed. He explained the necessity for the
pas afe of the bill, which was intended lo remedy
the defects and supply thedeñciencits of the bill of
last session. The Government being straitened for
time in complying with the constitutional require-
' meats to take ihe decennial census, had, in antici-
pation, prepared and sent abroad the dnnted forms
which would be required, in comfoimity with the
bill in its piesent form, sni the marshals were
only waiting its passage to proceed in their duties:
if amendments were moved and agreed to, lhf se
forms might become useless, and great delay and
inconvenience be experienced: it was barely possible
before the 1st of June to get ready lo take ihe
census.
Mr. HUBBARD observed that he had not, here-
tofore, had an opportunity of seeing the bill, but it
appeared to him that between this and Jnne, when
it was to go into operation, there was ample time
t remedy any lit'le inccnveniencies that would grow
out of the amendment. It would take very little
time for the Department io communicatj to the va-
rious mar?hals in the United States the additional
items of information that were to be obtained. We
(ught to know, said h«, the number of lunatics and
idiots in the country, and ihe number of persons
imprisoned; and was it possible that the Congress
•f the United Slates, in two sessions, had not time
to obtan this important information, which was in
the posse?sion of every civilized Government in ihe
world? Surely the instructions to obtain this infor-
mation could be prepared and forwarded before
June. The information he wished to obtain was
highly important, and he hoped ihe Hou?e would
adopt the amendment.
Mr. PETR1KIN (bought the adoption of the
amendment would be carrying legislation too far.
It would, in his opinion, be interfering with the le-
gislation of ihe Stales. Every Stale Government
had this information, and that was alt that was ne-
cessary. The subject, said he, does not belong to
us, and I hope the House will not adopt it.
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana thought the
amendment unnecessary, inasmuch as ample power
was given to the President, by the bill of ihe last
session, to obtain all Ihe statistical information lhat
was required. As allu.Mon had been made to the
defects of ihe bill of the la¿t session, he thought it
due to himself, by whom it was repor'el, to ex-
plain how they originated. The bi'l, as it passed
the House, was unobjectionable, but amendments
had been made to it in the Senate which created all
the difficulties that had been spoken of. It passed
the House on the third day pteceding the adjourn-
ment, and was made as perfect as the limited time
al'owed would permitjbut on beingVent to ihe Sena:e,
iome or the gentlemen there, who were so scrupu-
lous about Siaie rights, discovered that the mar-
shals could not cMnmence taking the census till the
entire expiration of the ten years after the last.
The alteration in the bill was then made, and the
effect of it was to create all the difficulties wh ch
had since arisen.
The quesiion was then taken on Mr. Hdbbard's
amendment, and it was rejected without a division.
Mr. PETRIKIN then moved to amend the bill
by reducing the salary of the principal clerk em-
ployed on the busice-s of the census, in Ihe State
Department, from $2000 per annum to $1200.
Mr. ADAMS opposed the amendment on ihe
ground that.the compensation of this officer was
fixed by the Secretary of State, with a full know-
ledge of the duties to be performed, and the respon-
sibilities incurred.
Mr. PETRIKIN said he had no objection to pay-
i g men a fair compensation for the services lhey
performed; but he had no idea of sanctioning such
inequalities as this bill proposed. Here this super-
intendent was to receive #2000, while the recording
clerk and packer, employed on the same business,
were to receive, the one but $800 and the oiher but
$ 610. He wanted the men who did the work to
get compensations bearing a more just proportion
to that of the gentleman who was to superintend
their labors than the bill allowed, and for this pur-
pose he would move to increase them from ¿800
and $600 to $1000 and $800.
Mr. SERGEANT referred his colleague to the
report of the Secretary of Slate, in which that offi-
cer spoke of the importance of having a gentleman
qualified to superintend this business, and that he
had employed such a one at a salary of $2000 per
annum. The superintendent would not, as his
colleague supposed, be idle; he would have other
and arduous duties to perform besides overlooking
the labors of his subordinates. He was to take
charge of all the details of the business, under the
direction of the Department, until it was com-
pleted.
Mr. PETRIKIN made some additional observa-
tions in support of his amendment. He thought a
salary of $1200 ample for the superintendent. He
knew many worthy and well qualified individuals,
who would be glad to take the employment at
that compensation. As to the responsibility and
arduous duties the superintendent, it was all
imaginary. He did not believe that his duties
would require a much greater degree of talent, or
involve heavier responsibilities, than those of Ihe
recorJing clerk; at all events, not to such an extent
as to authorize so great a disproportion in the sa-
laries as $2,000 and $800. His colleague spoke of
the Department having employed a gentleman
competent lo discharge these important duties.
Now what constituted a gentleman? Was it a
ruffled shirt, fine coat, and white hands? For his
part he jud.ed of men by their qualifications and
their moral woitb, and not by the clothes lhey wore.
Mr. WICK said if the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania would agree to fix the salary of this officer
at $1 500, he would go for it; and Mr. W. moved
accordingly to insert $1,500 instead of $2,000, as
in the bill.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wick's
motion, (it being the largest sum.) and it was
carried in the affirmative.
Mr. PETRIKIN then moved to increase the
salary of the recording clerk to $1,000, and the
packer to $800; which motion was rejected.
Mr. DAWSON next moved to amend the bill
by adding 33$ per cent, to the compensation of the
assis'ant marshals, for the additional labor im-
posed on them by ihe bill, of procuring the statisti-
cal information it required. The duties required
of these assistants were (Mr. D. said) very impor-
tant, and required men of activity and intelligence.
In add it on to taking the mere enumeration of the
inhabitants of their district, they had to obtain a
gieat deal of valuable important information; and
to show the inadequacy of the compensation al-
lowed them, he would call ihe at'ention of the House
to one fact. An assistant marshal,for taking the censos
of five thousand inhabitants, and collecting the
various items of statistical infoimation required,
was to receive but $100. The time it would take
him to discharge these duties would exceed six
months, provided he did it fairly and honestly for
the benefit of the country. It was out of the
question to suppose that the marshals could obtain
the services of competent assistan's for this small
sum. Mr. D. said he had received a number of
letters calling his attention to this subject, and
stating that the business could not be performed
without a more adequate compensation.
Mr. SMITH of Maine thought the gentleman
from Georgia was mistaken. There was a provi-
sion in ihe law of last session allowing $2 50 for
every fifty persons where the district was sparsely
settled, if, in ihe opinion of the district judge, such
additional compensation was necessary.
Mr. DAWSON said that this provision wonld
not apply in many parts of his Slate, where the
marshal could not get ¡he services performed for
the compensation allowed. The labor was far
greater than that required in taking the last cen-
sus, and greater intelligence in the assistants was
a'so necesssry. If Cengress did not allow such a
compensation as would secure ihe services of com-
petent peisons, the statistics of the States would be
grossly misrepresented, and confusion and disorder
would be introduced in consequence of one after
another of the assistants resigning as soon as they
came to know the extent of the duties imposed on
them. ODe gentleman had informed him that he
had received a letter from the marshal of his State,
(Vermont,) saying that it would be impossible for
him to procure the services of assistants for ihe
compensation allowed by the bill.
Mr. SERGEANT observed lhat the object of
this bill was not to review the bill of the last
session, but only lo supply some omissions in it.
That bill had been so far carried into effect as to
employ some of the assistants. When the bill of
last session was passed, it did not enter into the
head of any man that the compensation provided
for the assistants was too small. Mr. S. thought
the compensation sufficient, and hoped the amend-
ment would not prevail.
After some additional remarks from Mr. Daw-
son,
Mr. CARTER of Tennessee observed that from
his knowledge of the numerous applications for
employment under this law, he was satisfied that
an abundance of competent persons could be em-
ployed for the compensation it allowed. He knew,
further, that the offer of these employments had been
made an engine in his State for political purposes;
and that hopes of employment had been held out not
only to one individual, but to many others, to in-
duce them to support the party of the Administra-
tion. The marshal, in his part of the country, not
only endeavored to effect important results in the
last elections, by holding out inducements to pro-
minent and influential individuals, but to attain
the object he had in view, kept back the appoint-
men's till after the election was over. He fur-
ther understrood that it was the custom with this
marshal to inquire as to the political opponents of
those who applied to bim for employment, and to
invariably refuse them if they happened to be Whigs
saying, that if they belonged to the Administration
party they would stand a better chance. He had
heard of one case in which a Whig, who was pro-
mised an appointment if he would turn Democrat,
changed his politics, and became a supporter of
the Administration.
Mr. SMITH of Vermont observed, ihu as allu-
síob had been made to information obtained from
him by the gentleman from Georgia, he ¡would take
this occasion to state that he had received a letter
form the marshal of Vermont, stating that eomj
petent assistants could not be engaged for the
compensation allowed by the act of last session.
The ma* shal had made a calculation showing
the time that would be occupied in putting the in-
terrrogatories required, which amounted to eighty;
and allowing one and a half minutes for each
question, it would take two hoars for each family
of six persons. Then taking ten hours as the
amount of a day's labor, the assistant would be
able to lake only thirty families per day, which
would give him a compensa1 ion of seventy-two
cents; and allowing him $1 25 per day for his ex-
penses, he would be fifty-three cents out of pocket.
Mr. BOND said that, when the last census was
taken, the marshal of Ohio pa;d his assistants less
than the law allowed them, taking their receipt for
the whole sum, and putting the difference into his
own pocket. Afterwards, the assistants sued him
for the money, «nd recovtred it in the courts of
Ohio.
Mr. CARTER said he understood that the same
thing had been done by the marshal of East Ten-
nessee.
Mr. WATTERSON understood his colleague
[Mr. Carter] to state to the House that the mar-
shal of East Tennessee was in the habit of
holding out inducements to individuals for
the purpose of influencing the politcs of
the State; giving them to understand that, if
they would fight the haul's of the Adminis-
tration, he would give (hem employment. He
wished to know of his colleague if he understood
him correctly in making this statement,    n ws
