218                      ______
tice that heraafter be should suffer no bi'l making
any appropriation, or containing any important
provisions, to be read by its title, as long as he was
able to keep his seat in this hall.
Mr. DAWSON said if he had applied any epi-
tbes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, he was
not aware ot it, and was sorry for it. He nev<r
used language injurious to any body; and if such
language was nsed towards him, he was peifectly
satisfied that it would be eorrectly appreciated by
those who heard it; and hence he never hurled it
back. With regard to the scenes which took place
at the close of the last session, some of the actois
in them were not here, and the Congress was de-
funct. It conld not, therefore, be consistent with
propriety for this Congress to cast any censure on
the past.
Mr. WISE supported the views of Mr. Dawson,
and commented on the effect of the degradation of
the character of Congress, in augmenting the power
of the Executive. As we fa'I, said he, the Execu-
tive rises; and whilst the President in his anecham-
ber conducted himself as a perfect gentleman, know-
ing what was doe to bis high station, I know not
what character we may acquit e of the galleries, if
they were to be judged of by such proceedings as
had occurred there.
Did  the gentleman from Pennsylvania forget
that, in introducing such caricature propositions as
the one before them, he was driving the business of
the Howe into the last night ef the session, and
courting a renewal of scenes of which he, Mr. W.
was once obliged, in referring to them, to say that the
members aere "tired, sleepy, and drunk."   Mr.   j
W. considered the motion to be highly disrespect-  i
ful to the House, and he now pnt it to the Cha'r i
whether it was in order for the gentleman to sub-
mit it?
The CHAIRMAN [Mr. Rinks] said that that
was not a question for the Chair to decide. The
question was on adopting a preamble to ihe bill,
and that only could be decided on by the House.
Mr. DROMGOOLE appealed to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw his preposition,
ami made some observations to show that it could
net, with propriety, be adopted.
Mr. PETRIKLN consented to withdraw the pro-
posed preamble.
Mr. SERGEANT moved that the committee
rise and report the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved lo amend by adding
an additional section to the bill, changing the ratio
of representation so as to allow one Representative to
every 75,000 persons.
Mr. R. GARLAND moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking oat 75 and inserting 60.
fr Both the amendments were rejected without a
count, and the bill was laid asile to be reported.
The committee then, on motion, took up the Se-
ñáis bill to continue the office of Commissioner of
Pensions until the 4th of March, 184-2, and to trans-
fer dolus from the Navy Department the office of
the Commissioner, and also to transfer one clerk.
After a brief conversation on the allowance of
the Commissioner,
The committee ro?e and reported both bills to
the Honse.
In the House the latter bill was taken up; when  (
Mr. PROFF1T moved to reduce the salary of ¡
the commissioner from $3,000 to $2,500, and de- '
maoded the yeas and nays.                                       j
When, at near 6 o'clock, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
FaroAT, February 21,1840.                    I
The CHAIR submitted varions memorials of ,
the Legislative Aiserob'y of the Te.ritory of Iowa;  •
which were referred to the appropriate committees.
Mr.   WRIGHT presented   a petition of citi-
zens of New York, praying the parage ofanni-  i
form bankrupt law; which was referred to the Com
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mj. LUMPKIN presented a memorial of Zacha- j
riah Williams, and Robert W. Williams, praying i
for reimbursement of losses sustained by the ap-  !
propriation of their property to the uies of the army
in the late Creek war; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WALL, from the Commiltf e on the Judi-
ciary, to whkh was referred
The petition of Jacob Kerr;
The petition of John Johnston; and
The memorial of James McCally,
made special reports adveise to the several claims,  ¡
which were ordered to be printed.
Mr.HUBBARD,from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred
The memorial of William Morrow;
The petition of Adam Hale; and
The petition of the heirs of Jehn Ireland;
made adverse reports   thereon; which were   se-
verally ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN, from the Commit'ee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the bill supple-
mentary to an act, entitled "An act to amend an
act for the appointment of commissioners to adjirt
the claims to reservations of land under the 14th
article of the treaty of 1830, with the Choctaw In-
!   dians," reported the same without amendment.
Mr. YOUNG, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
the administrator of Lantech Blanden, deceased;
waich was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
On motionjby Mr. CLAY of Alabama, the report
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, in  the case  .
of Jubel B. Hancock, was referred back   to the  '
committee, wiln additional documents.
The unfavorable reports on tbe Secretary'i table
were taken up and agreed to.
The resolution submitted some days since by
Mr. Tappan, so to amend the joint rules that no
claim which had been twice reported on in either
House, adversely, should again be presented, was
taken up and discussed by Messrs. TAPPAN,
PRENTISS, CALHOUN, DAVIS, LINN, AL-
LEN, HUBBARD, STRANGE, BUCHANAN,
and WALL; when, on motion of the latter, and
with the assent of Mr. Tapfan, it was laid on
the table for the present.                                           i
The Senate then adjourned till Monday next.        't
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, February 21, 1840.
The CHAIR announced that the question imme-
i  diately pending (in the case of the New Jersey con-
1  tested election) was on the appeal taken by Mr.
,  Adams from the decision of the Chair, that it was
I  not in order for the gentleman from New York
<\   [Mr. Fillmore] to read to the House,on a motion
to print, a resolution adopted in the committee, and
, i  which had not been reported to the House; and
'I  that   the   gentleman  from   Massachusetts   [Mr.
Brigcs] was entiiled to the floor on the appeal.           ,
Mr. CASEY prevailed on Mr. Briggj to give    [
way to him to introduce a resolution, in effect, that
I   the rale which declares that within a given number  !
of days after the commencement of the session, pe-  p
titions shall be in order every day, be extended for
ten days further.
Mr. FiLLMORE (who had the floor on the pro-
positan heretofore introduced by Mr. Camfbell,
of South Carolina, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, to   have such printing done as might be
deemed necessary to facilitate tbe investigation of
the New Jersey contested election, and to which
propos tion   an   amendment,   offered    by    Mr.
Cave Johnson, was pending) and from which the    |
above appeal originated, claimed his right to the.    |
floor, and objected to the introduction of the reso-    I
lation.
Mr. CASEY moved to suspend the rules.                >
Mr. FILLMORE persisted in his right to the    (
flosr.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Illi-
noise [Mr. Casey] had the right to make the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Briggs] having yieldel him
the floor that purpose.
Mr. FILLMORE contended that the gentleman
who yielded the floor was not h msclf entitled to it,
inasmuch as the appeal under the 28th rule was
not debatable; and on that ground he claimed it.
The SPEAKER said, from the reading of the
role, the gentleman from New York [Mr. F.] was
r/ghr, and the question would be on the appeal.
"          ■                        '   *
Mr. FILLMORE said he would be disposed to
vield the floor to any proposition which would not
give ri>e to debate.
Mr. CASEY said his motion could not cause
deDate, inasmuch as it was one to suspend the rules;
which is not debatable.
Mr. VANDERPOEL demanded Ihe yeas and
nays on the appeal.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS moved a call of the House;
on which
Mr. GRANGER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 72, nays 96,
So the House refused the motion for a call.
The question was then taken on the ap) eal,
viz. "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House?" and decided, by yeas and
nays, in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 83.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, viz.
that Mr. Fillmore could not read the resolution
passed in committee without leave of the House
first had.
Mr. RUSSELL appealed to Mr. Fillmore lo al-
low him to move a resolution for the postponement
of the present subject, and for the reception of re-
ports from committees during the residue of the
morning hour.
Mr. FILLMORE declined yielding the floor.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON expressed a wish to mo-
dify his amendment in reference to the printing of
p.pers before the Committee of Elections.
Mr. FILLMORE would not give way for
either of the propositions:; when
Mr. JOHNSON said Mr. F. had been called to
order, and had taken his seat; an appeal from the
decision of the Chair that he was out of order had
not been sustained, and therefrre he could not, by
the rales, proceed, if any member objected.
Mr. PETRIKIN objected to Mr. Fillmore's
proceeding.
Mr. FILLMORE contended that the rule refer-
red to applied only to cases where a member had
been called to order for words spoken; he had been
guilty of no violation of order; he had begun to
read a paper which he supposed he bad a right to
read; it had been decided that he could not read
the paper without leave; he had abandoned the
reading of the paper; and now was he to be told
that he had lost his right to add res? the House?
He trusted they had not yet reached quite such a
state of despotism as that.
Mr. PETRIKIN again interposed objection to
his proceeding without permission of the House.
The CHAIR said the gentleman could not pro-
ceed, and ordered the 28th rule to be read to sus-
tain his opinion, as follows:
"if any member, in speaking or otherwise, trans-
gress the roles of the House, the Speaker shall, or
any member may, call to order; in which case, tbe
member so called to order shall immediately sit
down, unless permitted to explain; and the House
shall, if appealed to, decide on the case, but with-
out debate: if there be no appeal, the dec sion of
the Chair shall be submitted to. If the decision be
in favor of the member called to order, he shall be
at liberty to proceed; if otherwise, he shall not be
permitted tp proceed, in case any member objret,
without leave of the House; and, if the case re-
quire it, he shall be liable to the censure of the
House."
Mr. FILLMORE asked permission to explain
the situation of the question upon which he was
called to order. He was called to order oa the
ground that he was reading a resolution adopted in
committee; the Speaker decided that he was ontof
order in doing so, and the House had sustained the
Speaker in that decision. No objection was raised
to his discussing the proceedings of the committee
as a body, and therefore he had the right to pro-
ceed in his remarks, notwithstanding the House
had dee'ded that he should not read the particular
resolution. He was understood further to say, that
the g ntleman who had preceded him, [Mr. Camp-
bell, chaiiman of the Committee of Elections,]
had referred to the votes of the committee, and he
was a member of the same commitee, and wanted
the same privilege of alluding to the proceedings
of the committee in general term?.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina under-
stood that the gentleman had stated that he had al-
