luded to individual totes in the committee.   He
had not done so, but merely to his own course.
Mr. FILLMORE. Then if ihe gentleman
could allude to h s own course, he had also the
right to refer lo the course of others. He, as a
member of the committee, only claimed the same
right to discuss the subject in general terms.
Mr. RIVES hoped the gentleman from Pennsyl-
Tania [Mr. Pbtrikin] mould withdraw his objec-
tion, and that the gentleman might be permitted to
proceed in his remarks.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired of the Chair whether
he could proceed.
The CEIAIR said be could not, from his con-
struction of the 28th rule, except by permitsion of
the House.
Mr. BELL objected to the construction the
Spxaikr had given ihe rule, and said that it was
not properly applied to this case, and contended
that the gentleman from New York had not vio-
lated the rule, and that, by the decision of the
House, which had refused him the right to read the
resolution, it had prevented him from violating it.
He consdered it a most arbit-ary application of ihe
rule; and, if the decision of ihe Chair were sus-
tained, it would destroy (be freedom of debate, and
prerent gentlemen from presenting their views to
the House at all, except by the will of a majority.
The 23th rule hut no manner of application, and
appeal d from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. FILLMOúE demanded tne yeas and nays
on the appeal; which were ordered.
Mr. BR1GGS made some remaiks, which were
not heard.
Mr. HAND contended that the motion which ht
made, that his colleague have leave to proceed,
was the proper motion before the House.
Mr. FILLMORE replied he would never sub-
mit his right to be beard on that floor, and the
lights of hi  constituents, to the vote of a majority.
He spoke by right and not by permssion.
The morning hour having expired, Mr. RUS-
SELL moved that the House proceed to the orders
of the day.
On this motion the yeas and nays were demand-
ed by Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, and were ordered.
Mr. EVANS said, by the rules, the House must
go lo the orders cf the day, which was the private
business on the Speaker's table, and any motion
was unnecessary.
The question being taken, the yeas were 91, the
■ays 102: so the House refused to pass to the or-
ders of the day.
Mr. T1LL1NGHAST had risen, and was about
to address the House, as the Reporter understood,
on the resolution to print, when
Mi. RICE GARLAND rose lo order, and in-
sisted that as Friday and Saturday weie set apart
for the consideration of private bills, and private
business exclusively, to go on with the debate on a
resolution involved a change of the order of busi-
ness, and could not be done but by a vote of two-
tbirds.
The CHAIR so deciding,
Mr. HOLLEMAN took an appeal.
The question was debated for a long time by
Messrs. GARLAND, CÜSHING, CAVE JOHN-
SON, MARVIN, CLIFFORD, BRIGGS, DROM-
GOOLE, EVANS, TURNED, HOLLEMAN,
and T1LLINGHAST, when
Mr. TURNE Y moved the previous question,
which being seconded, put, and carried, and the
main question being "Shall the deciiion of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?" it was
decided by yeas and nays, as follows: yeas 113,
nays 64.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
A number of private bills on the Speaker's ta-
ble were then fatten up on ih;ir first and second
reading,and referred to the appropriate committees.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN of Iowa, the bill
for the r.hef of James M. Morgan, together with
a memorial for the pay of the militia of Iowa,
ealleJ out to repel invasion by the State of Mis-
souri, was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
On mmio-i ut Mr. EVANS, it was resolved that
when thus House adjcurtis, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
COiTeRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Some struggle then ensued (there being no pri-
vate business yet on the calendar) to proceed lo the
consideration of various kiuds of business.
After which, on motion of Mr. SERGEANT,
the rules wer; suspended for the purpose of taking
up the act amending the act in relation to the cen-
sus, which had been reported yesterday from the
Committee of the Whole on the state ot the Union,
with certain amendments, which were concurred
in; and the bill having been ordered to a third
reading at this time, was read a third time, and
passed.
The House then took up the bill providing for
the reappointment of the Commission., r of Fcnsions,
and which said bill had been reported from the
; Committee of the Whole on Ihe Mate of ihe Union,
with an amendment (offered by Mr. Proffit) re-
ducing the salary of ihe said Commissioner from
$3,000 to $2,500 per annum.
After some further remarks from Mr.PROFFIT,
the amendment was debated by Messrs. GRAVES,
GIDDINGS,   and   W. THOMPSON, at   much
| length, and in favor thereof.
I      Mr. SMITH of Mane replied at some length
! to Mr. Graves—which will be published hereafter.
' When Mr. S. was about concluding, several gen-
;i tleman (some twenty or thir y) rose and claimed
the floor, as having first addressed ihe Speaker.
¡ The SPEAKER siid that a number of gentle-
man had addressed the Chair at once, and before
the gentleman from Maine[Mr.SMiTii]had actually
concluded his remarks;   and that, if gentlemen
I would be seated, and take a fair start, he would
decide who bad the floor.
J Tne Speaker then gave the floor to Mr. DAVIS
of Kentucky, who spoke in favor of the amend-
I   ment, and bad not concluded, when he gave way to
j   a motion for adjournment, which prevailed.
And the House adjourned until 12 o'clock on
Monday next.
IN SENATE,
Monday, February 524,1840.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of three
hundred and twenty-three inhabitants of the city of
New York, being persons engaged in the manu-
j facture of umbrellas, parasols, and the like. This
j petition s'a'es that, nplto the year 1839, an ad va-
¡ lorem duty of 25 per cent, had been imposed upon
umbrellas and parasols, and in conformity, as the
petitioners believe, with the true onstruction, as
well as with the spirit and intent, of the compro-
mise act; that a judicial construction was given to
this act in the year 1839, which admits the impor-
tation of these articles free of duty, as manufac-
tures of silk, or of which silk is a component ma-
terial of chiff value; and that, in consequence of
this construction of the law, the business of the
petitioners is threatened with entire ruin, as they
are compelled by the law to pay a duty upon all
the articles which enter m'o the manufacture, ex-
cept the silk, while the forcgn umbrella, or pira-
sol, entire, is imported free of duty. They pray
relief by ibe reisnposition of the duty of 25 per
cent, upon imported umbrellas and parasols, thus
repealed by the construction of the courts.
Mr. W. sail that he believed, according to the
usual classification of business in the Senate, this
petition should go to the Committee on Manufac-
tures; but as a great number of petitions of a
kindred character had been, doring the pre-
sent session, referred to the Committee on
Finance, he would move the reference of this to
that committee, unless some Senator thould prefer
the other direction. It was proper, however,
whether the reference should be to the one com-
mittee or the other, that the pett'oners should
knew that, inasmuch as any bill for their relief must
necessarily be a bill to rais  revenue, it cannot
or g'nate in th's' body, and that nothing can be
done here with this petition, or th<* many which
have been presented, praying the imposition of a
duty, andan increase of duty, upon importations
of silk, other than to follow the action of the
House of Representatives.
The petition was then referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. "WRIGHT presented, also, a petition signed
219
by Charles Mills and 230 other «¿tizens of the
city of New York, and a similar petition signed
by E. W. and F. Tryan and 230 others,also citizens
of New York, praying Congress to exercise its
constitutional power in the passage of uniform
laws, for cases of bankruptcy, throughout the
United States. Mr. W. said he would make the
! same motion in relation to these petitions, which he
| had made in reference to the great number of a
) similar character, which it had been hif duty aad
his pleasure to present from his immediate constitu-
ents, during the present session, viz: That the read-
ing be dispensed with, and they be referred to the
Committee on Ihe Judiciary; and he would avail
himself of the occasion, most respectfully to ex-
I   press the hope that that important committee would
at their earliest convenience, give to the wishes of
these numerous and respejtable petitioners, their
carel ul and favorable consideration.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial similar
! to the foregoing, and went somewhat at length in-
to an argument in favor of the pat sage of a gene-
ral bankrupt law: and submitted the following as
an out'ine uf the proposed law:
1.  That  the circumstances of the country
quire that Congresn should exercise its constilu-
! tional power of establishing a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States.
2.  That it should be made applicable to all per-
sons whatever, owing debts not less in amount than
--------- dollars, who shall avow their insolvency,
and, by petition to the proper tribunal, pray for the
benefit of the act. These shall be deemed volun-
tary bankrupts.
3- That it should apply compulsorily to mer-
chants and traders whose debis to one or more cre-
ditors shall amount to a sum not less than-----■—
dollars, and who have or shall fail in business, or
be apparently insolvent, or unable to pay their
debts.   Such persons to  be deemed involunta y
II   bankrupts, and to be subject to the provisions of
the act upon the petitiou of any creditor or credi-
tors whose debts together exceed the sum of---------
dollars.
4.  No voluntary or involuntary bankrupt to be
entitled to a discharge, who shall, in contemplation
of bankruptcy, and intending to lake the benefit of
the act, knowingly give any preference, by any
paymen's or transfer of property, to any one or
more of his creditors, to the exclusion of his cre-
ditors generally.
5.  Every bankrupt surrendering all his property
and rights of property, for the benefit of bis cre-
ditor.', and conforming to all other requisitions of
the act, shall be entitled to a full discharge from
all his debts, and shall receive a certificate of dis-
charge from the proper tribunal. But if he is
guilty of any fraud or concealment in respect to his
property, he shall not be entitled to any certificate;
or if granted, it shall be avoided on proof of such
fraud.                          • 
6.  All creditors coming in and proving their
debts under the'bankruptcy to be bonajide debts, to
share in the bankrupt's property and effects, pro rota,
without any preference or priority except debts to
the United Slates, which are firet to be paid.
7.  The district and circuit courts lo have concur-
rent jurisdiction in all matters of bankruptcy, to be
exercised summarily; and for this purpose the said
courts to be deemed always opened.
8.  One commissioner only to be appointed in any
one case, to act in bankruptcy, on the proof of,
debt;, &c. and one assignee only, to collect and
administer the bankrupt's effects. The commis-
sioner and assignee to be appointed in each case,
by the court, and subject at all times to its oders,
in all things touching their duties, and the sale and
distribution of the effects.
9.  The proceedings in each ca?e to be finally
closed within two years from the time of the bank-
ruptcy, except as to matters which may be then
pending, in law and equi'y; but the pendency of
any such suits in liw or equity is not to suspend
the general proceedings in the case, nor postpone
distribution and settlement so far as they can be
made.                                                                  .
10.  All suits by, against, or concerning, bank-
rupts, to be brought within two years after the oariK-
ruptcy, and not afterwards; except on causes oi ac*
