ate
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3C
d l raiMMi, «cewapmM by * snMwnent from the Secretary
•f the Tieesrary.skowimT the absolute necessity of immediate
action on theeubjecc
Mr. J. was her* interrupted in his remarks by several mem-
fcere, who objected to the introduction of the resolution; and
Mr. CRABB reiterated that he had no objection to gire way for
tito Introduction of any proposition which Would meet the ge-
nere! approbation of the House; but objection was still persisted
Mr. C. than, in continuation of his remark* of yesterday, con-
tended that the proposition before the Houss was not only un-
precedented in the legislation of Congress, but was discourteous
to Um committee of which he was a member, anda reflection
upon it, highly censurable. At the expiration of the morning
sour Mr. C. was interrupted in his remarks by
Mr. BRIOQS, who called for the orders of the day.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, who was in favorof the House nnieh-
Ing the business before it, demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. MORGAN moved acal! of the House.
_ Mr. HOFFMAN demanded the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion whether there should be a call; which were ordered, and
were—yeas 39, nays 97.
So the House refused to hare a call.
Mr. C&ABB resumed hia remarks, and occupied the remain-
der of the day in an examination of various precedents of con-
teaudelections, to show that the course of the Committee of
Elections, in granting time to the contestants to take testimony,
was perfectly justified by those precedents. He also made"a
justification of the eeurss which the Governor and Privy
Council of New Jersey had pursued in granting certificate!
opon tbe incomplete result of the polls presented to them.
He had no doubt they were governed by pure and patriotic
motives, without regatd to the future, or to what the ultimate
effect that decision would have upon the organization of the
House.
Mr. C. concluded at four o'clock, when be offered the follow-
ing amendment to the resolution, in the woids of the Constitu-
tion, to be inserted after the word "votes," "given by electors
having the qualification requisite for the elector of the most
numerous branch of the Legislature of said State "
Mr. FILLMORE accepted the above as a modification of his
amendment; when
Mr. MEDILL obtained the floor, and was about proceeding
in his remarks, but, by the solicitation of several members, gave
way to                       ____
Mr. STARKWEATHER, who moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. TÜRNBY demanded the yeas and nays on that motion,
which were ordered, and were—yeas 106, nays Si;  accord-
The Hone  then adjourned,
IN SENATE,
FnroAT. February 26, 1640.
The CHAIR submitted a repon from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in re-
husen to ith* payment of Government drafts by the deposite
banks since the general resumption of specie payments in
1838; which was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEBSTER presented several Abolition petitions: the
■notions to receive which were laid on the table.
Mr.W. also presented a remonstrance against the ase of blood-
hounds in the Florida war; which was laid on the table.
Also.«petition for a Congress of Nations to adjust interna-
tional difficulties; which was referred to the Committee of Fo-
reign Relations.
Also, seven petitions from citizens of Philadelphia county,
praying the restoration and continuation of the protective sys-
tem; which were referred to the Committee no Manufactures.
Also, a petition from Henry Wilson for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Aleo, the petition of a number of umb-Ua makers, praying
the imposition of a duty on imported silk umbrellas and para-
sols; which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented eight memorials from citizens
of Philadelphia county, praying the restoiation and continua-
tion of the protective system. Mr. B took that occasion to say,
that when this important subject was -taken up for considera-
tion, it could not originate in the Senate, as, by an express con-
stitutional provision, all revenue bills must originate in the
House of Representatives. The memorials were referred to
the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. ALLEN presented three memorials from citizens of
Washington city, praying the renewal and modification of the
charter of said city; which were referred to (he Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial of a number of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying the passage of a general bank-
rupt law; which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. B. also presented two memorials remonstrating against
the use of bloodhounds in the Florida war; which were laid on
the table.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
which was referred certain resolutions of the General Assembly
of Connecticut in favor of tbe establishment of a national foun-
dry within that State, asked to be discharged from the further con-
eiiieration thereof, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs: which wasagreed to.
Mr. MOUTON presented a memorial of citizen* of New Or-
leans, praying a repeal of tbe naturalization laws; which was
laid on the table.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private Land Claims, to
which was referred the memorial of Simon Giron, made an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NICHOLAS, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
reported a bill for the organization of a company or sappers,
miners, and pentoneen; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. WHITE submitted the following resolution; which was
considered, and agreed to:
Hetelved, That the Secretary of War be required to furnish
copies of the reporta, estimates, and plans of tbe following
surveys ordered by Congress, and made under the direction of
the Bureau of Topographical Engineers: namely, of the sur.
vey for improving the navigation of the Neenah and Wis-
consin rivers, the surrey of the Rock river, the surrey of the
Karen of Rock river, and the surrey of the pier at the north-
ern extremity ef Winnebago lake.
The resolution reported some time since from the Committee
on Commerce, on the subject of allowing drawback on foreign
coal consumed in steam vessels, was taken up, and, after some
remarks from Messrs. WRIGHT, 1AFPAN, BETTS. HEN-
DERSON, WILLIAM , NORVELL, DAVIS, and BUCHA-
NAN, was, on motion of the latter, postponed until Monday
next.
THE SPECIAL ORDER.
The resolution from the Select Committee on the assumption
of the debts ef the States was then taken up, and Mr. TALL-
MADGE addressed the Senate at length on the subject.
The Senate then adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 28,1840.
The CHAIR announced that the subject before the Heuse
was the resolution reported from the Committee of Elections,
to grant to that committee the right to have printed such papers
as it might deem necessary to facilitate the business before it,
and the substitute of Mr. Cave Johnson therefor, as inserted
below, and the proposition of
Mr. FILLMORE to amend the substitute, by inserting the
word "lawful" before the word "votes," and insert the follow-
ing after the word votes, viz: "given by electors having the
qualification requisite for the electors of the most numerous
branch of the Legislature of said State."
Mr. JONES of Virginia asked the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Mbdill,) who was entitled to the floor on the above proposi-
tion, to yield the floor to enable him to offer a resolution,
which was read for the information of the House, as follows:
Resolved, That the House will, on to-morrow, at one o'clock,
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to consider House bill No. 18, making provision for
the issuing of Treasury notes; that It be made the special order
at that hour, and at the same hour on each succeeding A iy, till
the bill shall be disposed of—to take precedence of all other bu-
sioess.
Mr. MEDILL said, from the importance of the subject, and
the necessity of immediate action upon it, he could not refuse
to yield the floor, if, by any possibility he could have it again.
Mr. M. gave way, when
Objection was made to the reception of the resolution by
Messrs. GRANGER, STANLY, and others.
Mr. JONES moved a suspension of the rules, for the pur-
poseof introducing the resolution, and demanded the yeasand
nays; which were subsequently ordered.
Mr. STANLY  moved a call of the House, and on that mo-
tion demanded the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and
were—yeas 62, nays 95.
3 So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. CASEY suggested to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Jones] to modify the resolution so as to except Monday next,
that being petition day.
Mr. JONES accepted the modification.
The question on suspending the rules was then taken and
decided in the negative, (not being two-thirds)—yeas 102,
nays 86.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, Judeon Allen, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Blackwell, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V.
Brown, Burke, S H. Butler, W. O. Butler, Carroll, Casey,
Clifford, Conner, Craig, Crockett, Dana, Davee, John Davis,
John W. Davis, Doan, Doig, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely,
Fins, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornauce, Galbraith, James Garland,
Griffin, Hammond, Hand, John Hastings, Hill of North
Carolina, Hillen, Holleman, Hook, Hopkins, Howard, Hub-
bard, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Lawrence, Leadbetter, Leet,
Lewie, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McKay, Mallorv, Marchand,
Medill, Milter, Newhard, Nisbet, Parish, Farmemer, Paynter,
Petrikin, Pickens, Pope, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rives,
Edward Rogers, James Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard,
Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather,
Steenrod, Sumter, Swearingen, Sweeny, Taylor, Philip F.
Thomas, Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Turney,
Vanderpoel, Watterson, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams,
Henry Williams, and Worthington—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Bell, Bond, Brockway, Calhoun,
William B. Campbell, Carter, Chinn, Chittenden, Clark,
James Cooper, Corwin, Crabb, Cross, dishing, Davies,
Garnt Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Dillett,"Edwards,
Evans, Fillmore, Rice Garland, Gates, Gentry, Giddings,
Gogfrio, Goode, Graham, Granger, Gravea, Green, Qrinnell,
Habersham, Hall, W. S. Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Hill of Vir-
ginia, Hoffman, Hunt, James, Charles Johnston, Kempshall,
King, Lincoln, McCarty, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe,
Montgomery, Morgan, C. Morris, Ogle, Osborne, Randall,
Randolph, Rariden, Rayner, Reed, Ridgway, Russell, ¡Saltón-
stall, Sergeant, Simonton, Slade, Stanly, Storrs, Stuart,
Taliaferro, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplet!, Trumbull, Under-
wood, Peter J. Wagner. John White, Thomas W. Williams,
Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams, C. II. Williams, and
Sherrod Williams—€6.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. MEDILL then proceeded to address the House. He did
not see in the resolution any thing censurable; and, although it
had not been moved by a member of the Committee of Elec-
tions, or at the instance of a member of that Committe, he was
not aware that any member of it was, or should have been, ta-
ken by surprise, as had been intimated by some ot the senile-
men who had preceded him. He thought there was sufficient
reason for the introduction of the resolution.and for the great anx-
iety of the House to know what the committee had been about.
Considering the circumstances under which the subject was
committed, there should have been a report on the returns first.
Those who had expressed so much surprise at the introduction
of the resolution ought not to have been astonished if the pro-
position had come from a member of thu committee; even
because he believed some intimations had been given by mem-
bers that such a course would have to be resorted to, under the
peculiar circumstances of the case.
He referred to the great anxiety expressed by the Opposition
for an early settlement of the question previous to its reference
to the committee. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
AdahsI particularly contended that nothing should be done un.
til the State of New Jersey was fully represented on that floor.
He was now rather astonished that they were doing every thing
in their power to prevent that State from having a full repre-
sentation. If he could refer to the proceedings of the committee
he would show conelusively that the gentlemen themselves
were not surprised, liecause they must have anticipated
(hat some movement would be made, in consequence of the
coarse  of the commute .     He   ventured to  assert that
there could not be found, in the history of contes-
ted elections, or in the legislation of Congress, a pre-
cedent for the case now before the House. There was
none which hail excited so much interest—no case where the
Governor assumed powers derogatory to his oath, the Constitu.
tion,andthe laws; and had attempted to thurst upon Congress
as Representatives, gentlemen who had been rejected by the
people. He then went into an examination of the precedents,
which had been cited by the gentlemen in the Opposition to
justify the delay of the committee, and proved conclusively
that those precedents bore no analogy to the New Jersey con-
test. He thought if the precedents did justify a postponement,
it was not a good reason that this committee should have taken
on itself to delay a report to so remote a period. The
resolution did not treat the committee with discourtesy.
It was created by the House to investigate, and was always
subject to such instructions as the House thought proper to
send to it. They are compelled to iegard the dictates of their
creators, and have no right to consider it discourteous. As a
member of a committee, he would as soon refuse to listen to
the instruction of his constituents as to disregard those of the
House. He deemed it essentially necessary, in view of the cir-
cumstances, that the House should express an opinion to the
committee—and there was nothing improperor insulting in it.
There were those on the committee who would have taken the
responsibility of introducing the resolution, if the gentleman
from Tennessee  had not done so, because it was regard-
ed as essentially necessary that the House should pass upon and
give proper direction to that committee—the public voice de-
manded it.
Mr. M. then examined the question in all its constitutional
bearings, and contended that there was abundant proof to de-
stroy the force of the certificate as primary evidence of title
to seats. The very data upon which the cer: ificate was granted
showed that it was erroneous. He contended that the Gover-
nor, in certifying who was elected, should have exhibited in ihe
certificate the grounds =■ pon which he came to that conclusion;
he should have given, in accordance with the laws of New
Jersey, the number of votas, showing who had the maJMri'y.
Mr. M. exhibited to the House the proceedings of the Privy
Council, and proved thereby, conclusively, that the question of
illegal votes was never raised before that body, as the ground
for the rejectien of the polls of Millville and South Amboy ;
but that these districts were rejected solely on the ground that
the Governor had no right to go behind the returns made to
him.
Mr. M. also proved by various precedents that it had been
the immemorial usage of the Governor and Council to go behind
the returns, and to count votes which, by some informality, had"
been withheld by the returning officers. The question of illegal
votes was not hinted at in that Council, but had been subse-
quently raised, and was a mere pretext in justification of the
act of the Governor, and to cover a retreat from the position
assumed. Mr. M. asked the gentlemen of the Opposition, if
they believed the testimony before the committee was not suf-
ficient to prove the charges against the Governor, why it was
they they were afraid to let it be exhibited to the House and
the country! If it was not proof against the Governor, they
ought to demand its publication as an act of justice to the Go-
vernor.   Mr. M. was here interrupted by
The SPEAKER, who said the morning hour had expired,
and announced the order of the day.
The Senate bills on the Speaker's table were then twice read,
and referred to appropriate committees.
The SPEAKER said the hour allotted for reports from com-
mittees and resolutions having expired, and all private bills be-
fore the House being disposed of, he submitted to the House
whether it is not now competent for a majority to determine
what business tho House will proceed to consider. He wished
a decision of the House to settle its future practice under similar
circumstances, if it should again occur.
After a debate as to whether it was not the duty of the House
to return to 'he consideration of the business of the morning
hour, which was suspended by the announcement of the orders
of the day, or whether it should not proceed to the consideration
of the public bills, in which Messrs. CAVE JOHNSON,
EVANS, HOLLEMAN, PETRIKIN, LINCOLN, and RUS-
SELL, particioated,
Mr. DROMGOOLE oblainedthe floor, and said, inasmuch as
all the private business had been disi.osed of, and the rule
setting apart this day for that kind of business had been ful-
filled and exhausted, and as he understood the Sfeakbr had
eubmitteda proposition upon which the House could vote yea'
or nay, and for the purpose of facilitating the business of the
country, he moved the previous question.
Mr. R. GARLAND here rose to a point of order, whether it
was not the duty of the Speaker to put his own construction on
the rules, and decide, and leave it for the members to take an
appeal; but he was ruled out of order.
The SPEAKER said if the previous question was sustained,
the main question would be "Whether it was competent for a
majority of the House to determine what business the House
will proceed to consider."
The previous question was then seconded, and the main
question ordered.
Mr. RUSSELL demanded the yeas and nays on the main
question; which were ordered, and were—yeas 107, nay.sf6.
So the House decided that it was competent for a majo-
rity to determine, under the circumstances, what business they
would consider.
Mr. CRAIG then submitted a motion that the House proceed
to consider the resolution from the Committee of Elections, be-
fore the House, during the morning hour.
Mr. BRIGGS moved so to amend the proposition of Mr.
Craio, as to substitute the hill to provide for the continuation
of the office of the Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. DROMGOQLE moved the previous question on Mr.
Brioo's proposition; which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered.
Mr. HOLLEMAN here rone to a point of order, whether it
was competent to amend the proposition with one of a different,
no ure entirely; but, at the sugggestion of several members, did
not press it.
The question being on the amendment of Mr. BRIGGS, he'
demanded the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and were—
yeas 83, nays 10S.
So it was rejected.
The question then recurring on the motion of Mr. Craio, it
was put, and the proposition was agreed to.
The House then lesumed the consideration of the resolution
