*ftt
Dr. Thomas W¡ which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. DAWSON, from the same committee, re-
Tettai
A bill for the relief of Josiah Thompson, late
superintendent of the Cumberland road between
Brownsville and Wheeling;
A Mil for the relief of John Underwood; which
were severally read and committed.
Abo, an unfavorable report on the petition of
Herace H. Dibble; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. HILL of North Carolina, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of William
Bailey, survivor of Bailey and Delord; which * as
twice read, and committed.
Mr. H. also, made an unfavorable report on the
petition of Thomas Crown; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GIDD1NGS, from the same Committee, re-
ported
A bill for the relief of Thomas Pillebrown, jr.
A bill for the relief of Sylvester Phelps, the heirs
and legal representatives of Charles Landon;
A bill for the relief of John T. Adams;
A bill for the relief of Capt. John Downs; and
A bill for the relief of Beaj. C. Roberts;
whioh bills were severally read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. Q. also from the same committee, made un-
favorable reports on the petitions of Archibald
McMullen, Wheeler Randall, Francis Pellecier-s
administrators, Isaac Reeland, John Mclntire
and others, Thomas Harrison, James McCntcben,
Preston Fraz er, John R. Allen, Richard J. Jone ,
aid WJHiam R. Hunter, which were ordered to lie
on toe table, and be printed.
Mr. Q. also reported a resolution discharging the
committee from the further consideration of the pe-
tition of J. N. Hamlea, and referring it to the pro-
veí Department for adjustment; which was agreed
to.                       ^^
Mr. GALBRAITH, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report en the petitions of S.
Pillimore; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILLIAMS of New Hampshire made an
unfavorable report on the petition of Elisha Butler;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. CURTIS, from the Committee on Con ,
merce, reported, with an amendmen t,Senate bill enti-
tled "An act to cancel bonds given to secure da-
ties upon vessels and their cargoes, employed in the
whale fishery, and to make registers lawful papers
for such vessels."
Also, reported Senate bill, without amendment,
entitled "An act for the relief of John H. Jacobs."
which were read and committed.
Also, reported a bill for the relief of Meigs D.
Benjamin and Co.;
A bill for the relief of William Wickam;
A bill for the relief of Boggs and Thompson, and
Robert and Thomas Hutchinson, and others;
A bill for the relief of John M. Jacqueline;
which were severally read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. C. the Committee on Com-
merce was discharged frem the further considera-
tion of the petition of John Dennis; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. CURTIS gave notice that he would ask
leave to introduce a bill to establish a system of
•niform bankruptcy throughout the United States.
Mr. HABERSHAM, from the same cemmiitee,
reported a bill to amend an act entitled " an act to
remit duties on certain goods destroyed by fire in
the late conflagration in the city of New York, in
Dec. 1835," passed July 7,1838.
Also, a bill for the relief of George Willis;
A bill for the relief of Elliott Smith and Nathan
Famsworth;
which bilk were severally read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. HABERSHAM, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution :
Mttétved, That the map of the southern coast
from Tyler island to Hunting island, including a
«hart of the mouth of Savannah river, which was
made from the surveys of Charles Wilkes, of the
UaitM States Navy, be printed ander the direction
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I of the Committee on Commerce, and that 5000
copies be published; one hundred of wrich shall be
deposited in the Navy Department.
Mr. CLIFFORD moved to amend the resolu-
tion so as te have the map executed under the di-
rection of the Printer of the House.
A debate here arose, in which Messrs. CURTIS,
CLIFFORD, EVANS, and HABERSHAM, par-
ticipated; when
Mr. SMITH of Maine obtained the floor and
said, he was opposed to the amendment and to the
printing also, because he believed it would incur a
listless waste of money for a thing whioh be con-
sidered unnecessary. He then moved the previous
question.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the whole
subject on the table; and on which
Mr. BRIGGS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 69, nays 96.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on the
table.
The question then recurring on the motion for
the previous question, Messrs. Baiaos and Mont-
gomery- were appointed tellers to ascertain if there
was a second: result—ayes 67, noes 70.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. HABERSHAM here rose to address the
House on the resolution, but was interrupted by
Mr. JONES of Virginia, who said, the time for
the reception of reports havin  expired, he ap-
pealed to the House to take up the bill providing
for the continuation of the office of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions; which, he said, wou'd expire
on Wednesday next.
Mr. EVANS moved that the House continue to
receive reports from committees, and moved a
suspension of the rules for that purpose.
The qutstion was taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Hoffman and Ramscv acting as such,) who re-
ported as the result, that there were—ayes 83,
noes 59.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. CHARLES JOHNSTON «f New York
asked the consent of the House to introduce his
resolution, published in Tuesdays paper, in rela-
tion to the contract between Mr. Langtree and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives fur fur-
nishing stationery, Ac.
Objection was made to its reception; when
Mr. J. moved to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and
nays on that motion; which were ordered, and
were—yeas 83, nays 79.
So the House refused to suspend the rules for
the reception of the resolution.
Mr. J. W. JONES again asked the House to
take up the bill for the continuance of the office of
Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. TRIPLETT objected; when
Mr. JONES moved to suspend the rules for that
purpose.
Mr. VANDERPOEL demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and were—yeas 131,
nays 31.
So the rules were saspended.
The Heuse then took up the Senate bill to con-
tinue the office of Commissioner of Pensions until
the 4th of March, 1842.
The question before the House was the amend-
ment of Mr. Proffit, to reduce ihe salary of the
Commissioner lrom f 3,000 to_J2,500; and he de-
manded the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky, who was entitled to
the floor on the above, offered an amendment te
the amendment of Mr. Proffit, so as to make a
reduction of salaries of officers of the General Go-
vernment, pro rata, of five, ten, twelve, fifteen,
twenty, and twenty-five per cent, according as sa-
laries rise from $800 to $3,000.
Mr. PROFFIT accepted the amendment; but
The CHAIR said it was a distinct proposition,
and could not be entertained.
Mr. DAVIS appealed from the decision of the
Cba;r; but the appeal was not sustained by the
House.
Mr. D. said that he asserted, when this subject
was last up, that in supporting the principle of re-
I   ductioD, he was for striking a blow at the Eecutive
power; for that branch of the Government had the
employment of a large number of officer , and there
were half a million of men looking to the Execu-
tive for the means of supporting themselves and
families. Mr. D. proposed to reduce the salary of
the Commissioner of Pensions from $3,000 to $2,500,
and asked if it was not sufficient for that officer.
He said, m one-half of our tnenty-nine States and
Territories the judicial and other officers received
but $2,000, and some of them less than that sum;
and inquired if it was expecting too much from the
heads of bureaus to perform their duties for less
than they now receive.
Mr. D then spoke of the Independent Treasury,
as proposed by the Administration; read extracts
from the Hon. J. Buchanan's speech upon the sub-
ject, and commented thereon. Mr. D. yielded the
floor to
Mr. GRAVES, who moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. BANKS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 71, nays 68.
So the House adjourned till Monday next.
IN SENATE
Monday, March 2,1840.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Ohio, praying Congress to take measures
for the construction of a road from the valley of
the Ohio to the valley of the Columbia river; which
was referred to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial of citi-
zens of New York, praying for the enactment of a
general bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a similar memorial,
and
Mr. WRIGHT presented two similar memori-
als; which were siverally referred to the same com-
mittee.
Mr. W. also presented a memorial of the Board
of Underwriters of the city of New York, remon-
strating against any alteration in the law respect-
ing pilot-; which was referred to the Committee ou
Commerce.
Mr. STURGEON presented four memorials re-
monstrating against the use of bloodhounds in the
Florida war; which were laid on the table.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial of 247 citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the enactment of a gene-
ral bankrupt law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. A. also presented a memorial of 133 citi-
zens of the Eighth Congressional District of Ohio,
praying that the laws of the Union may be ex-
tended over the Oregon Territory; which was re-
ferred to the Select Committee on the Oregon Ter-
ritory.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial of the
United States Insurance Company, and of the In-
surance Company of the State of Pennsylvania,
praying to be indemnified for property seized and
sequestrated by the Government of Hayti in 1811;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. B. also presented four memorials, remon-
s'rating against the use of bloodhounds in ihe Flo-
rida war; which were laid on the tab e.
Mr. YOUNG presented a petition of citizens of
Illinois, praying for the establishment of a post
route; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. Y. also presented a petition of citizens of
township 34 north, range 15J ea&t of the third
principal meridian," praying a donat on of land for
school purposes; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Mississippi, praying for the adjust-
ment of claims under the Choctaw treaty, and that
pre-emptioners may be protected; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. H. also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Mississippi, praying for the establishment
of a nation hospital at Vicksburg; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
