I                                                                         "                                                          =
Mr. H. abo presented a resolution of Uta Legis-
lator* of Mississippi, ¡nfaroroftha erection of a
light-house between Pass Chrínian and Pass Mary
Ann; which was referred te the Committee- on
Commerce.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the petition of Mrs.
Hester H«M; which was referred to the Commi.tee
oa Pensions.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented a memoiial praying
Congress to eoaet a general bankrupt law; which
was referred to the Commute* on  the Judiciary.
Mr. CLAY of A'abama presented a petition of
eitixens ofihe twelve miles square' reserved for
schools under the treaty of 1819 with the Chero-
kee*, praying for indemnity for the loss of their
improvements; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of  Sarah   i
Bishop, widow of Colin Bishop, which was or-
dered to be filed with bill 91.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee oa Na-
val Affairs, made an unfavorable repott on the pe-
tition of John Nants and others; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a bill to explain and amend the fifth
section of an act passed the 30<h day of Jane, 1840,
for the better organization of the Marine Corps, re-
ported the same without amendment, and that he
was instructed to move its indefinite postponement,
when it was taken up for consideration.
Mr. RUGGLES, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to provide for the better se-
curity of the lives of passenger* on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, accompa-
nied by a report. The bill was ordered to a second
reading, ana one thousand additional copies of the
report were ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill for the
more easy collection of small bank notes within the
District of Colombia;
The bill for the collection of bank notes of and
ander the denomination of twenty dollars, Issued by
banks within the District of Colombia; and
The bill to regálate the issuing and circulating of
bank paper in ihe District of Columbia;
were made the order of the day for Monday next
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, end agreed to:
Rescind, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of placing
on the pension roll the name cf John McClanahan
of Missouri, who served in the regular army of the
United States, and was wounded in the battle
when Gen. 8t~ Clair was defeated by the Indians
in the Northwest.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. LUMPKIN submitted the following resolu-
tion for the consideration of the Senate:
Resetted, by the Senate and House of Representor
Am* of the United Store* of America in Congress as-
*tmhU¿, That the President of the Senate and Speak-
er of the Hotue of Representatives do adjourn
tieir respective Houses, sine die, on Monday the
---------day of May nex".
Mr. L. said he had been induced to call the at-
tention of the Senate to this subject, from a sense of
duty to bi> country and his constituents, arising
from his own reflection, and without consultation
with any one whatever. He indulged the hope
that the sui ject would receive that early and re-
spectful consideration from the Senate which its
magnitude and importance demand.
He would i>ee to it, that it should not be consi-
dered a trivial or unimportant subject. It was
known to «very one, that the sessions of Congress
are becoming more and more protracted; and in
direct proportion to their increase and dura'ion, we
6nd the legitimate business of legislation over-
looked and neglected.
Sir, *aid Mr. L. we have now been three months
in session; and what have we done, and what are
we doing? Why, instead of doing the business of
the people and the countiy, we are engaged in do-
ing many things which ooght not to be done, and
things which delicacy forbids my naming here.
Thcatten ion of the people ¡«diverted from Ihe pal-
pable remissness of their representatives in Congress,
by being daily «applied .daring our long sessions, with
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
innumerable book speeches, manufactured for the
current market of the public ear—speeches that
contain every thing, except pertinent remarks on
the subject upon which they are made.
Sir, (said Mr. L.) I am fully impressed with a
sense of the delicacy of the subject of dwelling up-
on the evils of long Congressional speeches.    Bui,
sir, this is the true cause of the extension ef our
Congressional sessions, and, in my opimon.without
any adequate benefit to the country.   Sir, if we
would, from this day forward, take Washington,
Franklin, and Jefferson, for our models in speech
making, and turn our attentions earnestly and de-
liberately to our duties of legislation in the true
spirit of the founder! of our glorious institutions, 1
we should find plenty of time, between this and |
June, as contemplated by the proposed resolution, ,
to do all the necessary business of the country, and
return to our respective abodes, leaving the coua-   >
try and the public mind in quiet and peace from
our ceaseless strifes, originated in the halls of legis-   i
lgtion.
If John Randolph of Roanoake could speak
from the dead, would he not tell you that
you had been feeding long enough out of
the public crib—that it was time for you to be at
home, feeding out of your own cribsl Look out
at your windows, sir. Do you not see the ereen
grass? Do you not see the buds shooting forth? Do
you not hesr the birds sing? All nature seems to
unite in admonishing us to duty and industry.
The public service is already suffeiing for the want
of a prompt and efficient discharge of onr repre-
sentative duties. After time for due reflection,
sir, I shall again call up this subject for the action
of the Senate, and I shall not abandon the ground
which I have taken.
The resolution then being read by the Secretary
of the Senate,
Mr. WEBSTER said be coincided with the Se-
nator frem Georgia, that the protracted sessions of
Congress was a great and growing evil; and he
would assure that gentleman of his hearty suppoit
of any measure that would have a tendency to re-
medy it.
Mr LUMPKIN returned his thanks to the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, and assured him that upon
this subject be was not influenced by party consi-
deration , but was ready to unite with Senators
from both tides of the Senate, in forming a party
that wonld do the business of the country, and go
heme at the earliest practicable day.
DRAWBACK ON FOREIGN COAL.
The resolution reported some days since by the
Committee on Commerce, in favor of allowing a
drawback on foreign coal consumed in steam
packets, was taken up for consideration, and was
advocated by Messrs. WRIGHT and DAVIS, and
opposed by Messrs. BUCHANAN, CLAYTON,
and PHELPS; when,
On motion of Mr. CLAY of Alabama, it was
laid en Ihe table—ayes 26, noes 16.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mondav, March 3d, 1840.
Mr. DAVIS ol Indiana, from the Select Com-
mit tee on Printing, said he had been instructed to
ask further lime to report. The chairman [Mr.
Black] had been called home oa account of the in-
dispoáuon of his fanuiy. The committee had
finished taking testimony, but it was desirous that
the charman should be present, and that a report
should be postponed until his return, which would
be on, or about, the 16th of the month. The mo-
tion for further time bad met the unanimous con-
sent of the committee.
Mr. R. GARLAND said the committee had
gone on to take a great deal of testimony, upon
which a difference of opinion wonld ari>e, and it
was desirable that the chairman should be present
before the report could be made.
After some further conversation as to Ihe ex-
pediency of the extension of time, in which Messrs.
LEWIS WILLIAM8, R. GARLAND, DAVIS
of Indiana, W. C. JOHNSON, COOPER of Geor-
gia, EVANS, and ADAMS, participated,
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana moved that the time for
■    i                       mm                         - 
the committee to report ha «tended «b4U lh« six*
teenth of March.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS moved the 10th of Match.
The question was then taken on the longest pe-
riod first, and it was agreed to.
The CHAIR announced that the question first
in order was the motion of Mr. Casbt to refer the
memorial of the National Road Convention, held at
Terre Haute, Indiana, to the Committee of Ways
and Means, with instructions to report a bill ap-
propriating $150,000 to each of the Stales of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, to be expended oa the Cum 
berland road.
The substitute of Mr. Pickens for aaid instrno-
tions, as follows:
"And that the memorial be committed to the
Committee of Ways and Means, with instructions
to consider the expediency of reporting a bill in fa-
vor of the measure."
And Mr. Marvin's amendment to the original
proposition, and substitute for Mr. Pickens's
amendment, as follows:
"Andthat the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to report bills in accordance with the
estimates contained in the reports from the Chief
Engineer, and the Chief of the Topographical En-
gineers, to the Secretary of War, and communi-
cated to Congress by the President, making appro-
priations for the year 1840, for the continuation of
the construction or improvements of harbors and
roads, and the navigation of rivers, for which ap-
propriation s have been heretofore made."
Mr. LINCOLN objected that this being a day
assigned by the rules of the House for the presen-
tation of petitions, it was not in order to give pre 
cedence to the continuance of the debate on a peti-
tion formerly presented, over a cf.ll of the States for
the presentation of petitions.
The SPEAKER decided that the petition having
been taken up on a motion, on a preceding petition
day, had precedence.
Mr. LINCOLN contended that the Speaker had
placed a wrong construction upon the rule. The
fifty-fourth rule was imperative on this subject: it
says that petitions presented shall not be debated e«
the day of their being presented, nor on any day
assigned by the House for the receipt ef petitions
after the first thirty days of the session. There was
but one day in a fortnight set apart for the recep-
tion of petitions, and if the construction given by
the Speaker should obtain, it would be impos-
sible to present any petitions. It would abetiih
the right of petition at the door—they would
be entirely excluded. The language of (ha rule
was clear and explicit; and the uniform construc-
tion given to it by Ihe predecessor of the present
Sfeaker, was, that petitions laid over under debate,
could not be taken up on the day set apart by the
rule for the reception of petitions. If he hadan-'
tieipated such construction, he could have armed
himself with precedents in justification of his
opinion, and in opposition to the present construc-
tion. He therefore most respectfully appealed
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ADAMS concurred with the opinion ex->
pressed by Mr. Lincoln. In view of the difficul-
ties thrown in the way of the presentation of peti-
tions at former sessions, by a similar contraction
of the rule, he had subsequently, when these rules
were under revision, introduced the ptesent one to
avoid these difficulties. If the consruction of tbe
Speaker be sustained, it would be impossible to
get in petitions at all. He had some fifty or sixty
which would not cause debate, on various subjects,
which he would like to present, and have referred
to appropriate committees.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman seemed to
misapprehend his opinion. He did not say that
petitions presented after the expiration of the first
thirty days, which were laid oyer under debate,
would come up as a matter of course on the next
petition day. It would not come up unless the
House expressly ordered it. The House took up
the petition on the last petition day, and debated it;
and it was in consequence of this decision of the
House that this subject oomes up as the unfinished
business of the last petition day.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana moved the previous
question on the appealj Which was seconded, and
