CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                               231
Maine, [Mr. Smith,] and gave a long statement of
the exporte and imports of Maine and Georgia,
with a view of showing the advantage that would
arise from the publication of the map, in preventing
the wreck of vessels, &c.
Mr. SMITH of Maine risiog to reply,
Mr. CURTIS, afier adverting to what appeared
to him an unnecessary waste oí time in this debate,
proposed that if Mr. Smith wguld withdraw his
amendment, he would give him permission to mo-
dify the original resolution, so as to have the map
published umler tbe direction of the Clerk of the
House.
Mr. CLIFFORD accordingly withdrew his
amendment, and the original resolution was modi-
fied as suggested.
Mr. CURTIS then moved the previous question,
but subsequently withdrew it at the request of
Mr. SMITH, who wished to say a few words
en the subject before the question was taken. Mr.
8. then observed, that when he came into the
House this morning, he found the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Habersham] in full blast. He was
not aware what course his argument had taken in
the early part of the speech, but the latter part
seemed wholly direc'ed against him, (Mr. S.) and
was intended to hold him up to the country as
acting in opposition t> the interests of his constitu-
ents, by opposing the publication of this map. He
could not say by what code of ethics, or principles
of policy, the g;ntleman from Georgia was go-
verned in his conduct here. He did not know
whether, when the interests of Georgia were con-
cerned, the gentleman always went for those inte-
resa, regardless of the interest of the General Go-
vernment and the whole country; but if he did so,
he was governed by very different motives from
those which guided him, (Mr. S.J He was willing
to admit that the publication of the map might be
of the smallest amount of importance to bis con-
stituents-, but he was governed by higher motives
than the mere local interests of his State. He
had a public duty to perform to the country at
large, and when he took his seat here, he did it with
a firm determination to go for retrenchment. He
was determined to stop every little stream which
was issuing from the Treasury unnecessarily, and
he would assure gentlemen that he was not to be
deterred from that course, whenever, in bis opi-
nion, an appropriation required was not absolutely
necessary.
Besides, he would ask, was this map a matter of
pressing importance? Must the appropriation be
made torthwith, now it was alledged the Treasury
vas bankrupt 1 And must we go and borrow mo-
ney for the publication of this map 1 In his opi-
nion, it was not a subject of pressing importance,
. and tbe publication would do as well a year hence
. as now, notwithstanding all the gentleman from
. Georgia had said. He could not believe thata single
vessel would be lost, either from Maine, or New
. England, for want of the map. He did not believe
that the gentleman had ever found at the mouth of
the Savannah river the wreck of a single vessel
from Maine; neither did he believe that the mouth
of that river would be blockaled up by the failure
of publishing the map. Mr. S. concluded by ob-
serving that he would ever act on the great princi-
ple of opposing every appropriation not strictly re-
quired by the wants of the community; and he
called upon those gentlemen who had preached so
laudly about retrenchment, to come up and vote
against this resolution.   Mr. 8. then renewed the
' motion for the previous question, which was
seconded.
' The main question was then ordered, being on
the adoption of the resolution as amended; and
the yeas and nays being ordered, the resolution was
rejected—yeas 84, nays 95—as follows:
YEAS—Menrs. Adams, Alfotd, Judson Allen, John W.
Allen, Hugh J. Anderson,   Banks, Barnard, Bell, Brewster,
• 5"B8 > Brockway, Calhoun, Carroll, Casey, Chinn, Chittenden.
Uark, Clifford, Corwin, Crockett, Curias, Davee, Edward
Davies, Garret Davis, Dawson, Dennis, Edward , Evans,
Fletener, Rice Garland, Gates, Giddings, Granger, Grinnell,
, Habersham, Hall, William S. Hastings, Hawos, Henry, Hillen
Hoffman, Holmes, Howard, James, Jenifer, Kemble, Kemp,
shall, King, Lawrence, Lincoln, Lowell, Marvin, Mitchell,
Monroe, Morgan, Calvary Morris, Ogle, Osborne, Parmenter,
Pope, Ramsey, Randall, Rando'ph, Rariden, Rayner, Ridgway
E. Rog rs,Russell, Saltonstall.Sergeant, Shepard,Storrs, StuaÍL
Sumpter, Waddy Thompson, folami. Triplet!, Trumbull,
Peter J. Wagner, Edward D. WWite, Joim White, Thomas W
Williams, Henry Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and Christo-
pher H. Williams—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Atherton, Beatty, Belme,Black-
well, Bend, Boyd, A. G. Brown, Burke, Bynum, Carr, Car-
ter, Chapman, Coles, Conner, Mirk A. Cooper, Craig,',Cross,
Dana, John Davis, John W. Davis, Deberry, Doan, Doig,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Floyd, Gar-
land, Gerry, Gosgiii, Graham, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, John
Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of N. C. Holleman, Hook, Hopkins,
Hubbard, Chs. Johnston, Jos. Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nath'l
Jones,J. W. Jones, Keim, Leadbetter, Leonard. Lucas, McCarty,
McClellan, McCulloh,. McKay, Mallorv, Marchand, Miller,
Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parish, Parris,
Paynter, Petrikin, Prentiss, Reynolds,' Samuel , Shaw, Simon-
ton, John Smith, Thomas Sm th, Stanly, Starkweather, Steen-
rod, Stronsr, Swearineen, Sweeny, Taylor, Philip F. Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vanderpoel. Watterson, Weller,
Wick, Jared W. Williams, Lewis Wil-liams, Sherrod Wil-
liams, and Worthington—95.
The hour having expired, the SPEAKER an-
nounced the orders of the day, being tbe Senate
bill providing for the removal of the raft in Red
river, with the amendment of Mr. Biddle.
Mr. JONES appealed to the couriesyof the gen-
tleman from Pfnnsylvania, to allow him to call up
the bill for continuing the office of CommL-sioner
of Pensions. He reminded the House that, after
to-morrow, the office would be no longer in exist-
ence, and should there be any objection to the pas-
sage of the bill, it woutd be productive of serious
inconvenience. Mr. J- then had read at the Clerk's
table a communication from the Secretary of War
on. that subject, showing the urgent necessity for
the immediate passage of the bill.
Mr. RICE GARLAND objected to this bill hav-
ing precedence of that for the removal of the raft
in Red river. He would inform the Honse that
he also had received a communication from the
Secretary of War, showing that if the bill were
not passed immediately, Government must lose a
great amount of money.
Mr. JONES moved a suspension of the rules for
the purpose of taking up the bill continuing the of-
fice of Commissioner of Pensions. This motion
was agreed to, and the bill taken up, the question
being on ihe amendment of Mr, Proffit, reduc-
to* the salary of the Commissioner from $3,000 to
$ 2,500.
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky, being entitled to the
floor, said tha(; owing to the necessity of immediate
action on the bill, he would waive all further re-
marks, and move the previous question.
The second to the previous question and the call
having been carried, the main question was put,
and decided in the affirmative, yeas 89, nays 85, as
follows:
YEAS.—Measeis. John W. Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, An-
drews, Bea ty, Hell, Blackwell, Bond, Boyd, Brewster, Brock-
way, Albert G. Brown, Bynum,Carr, Carter,Casey, Chapman,
Clark, Clifford, Coles, Conner, Corwin, Craig, Crary, Davee,
John W. Davis, Ganet Davis. Deberry, Dillett, Doan, Ed-
wards, Floyd, Fornance, Rice Garland, Gerry, Goggin, Gra-
ham, Graves, Green, Griffin, William 8. Hastings. Hawes,
Hawkins, Henry, Hopkins, Hubbard, Jameson, Charles John-
ston, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Kempshall, Leadbetter,
Lincoln, McClellan, Montgomery, Morgan, Calvary Monis,
Ogle, Parish, Parris, Proffit, Ramsey, Rariden, Reynolds,
Samuels, ghepard, Simonton, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith,
Stanly, Starkweather, Sicenrod, Storrs, Stuart, Sumter,
Pwcaringen, Sweeny. Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Tillinghast, Triplet!, Trumbull, Turney, Tjnderwood, David D.
Wagener, Watterson, Weller, John White, Wick, Henry Wil-
liame, Lewis Williams, and Sherrod Williams—89.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Judson Allen, Atherton, Banks,
Barnard, Biddle, Briggs, Burke, Sampson H. Butler, William
O. Butler, Calhoun, Carroll, Chinn, Chittenden, Mark A.
Cooper, Crockett, Cross, Curtis, dishing, Dana, Edward Da-
vies, John Davis, Dawson, Dennis, Doig, Dromgoole, Earl,
Eastman, Ely, Evans, Fine, Grinnell. Habersham, Hall, Ham-
mond, Hand, John Hastings, Hill of Virginia, Hillen, Hoffman,
Holleman, Howard, Hunt, James, Jenifer, Nathaniel Jones,
John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kins;, Lawrence, Lesnard,
Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, MuCullocb, MaHory, Marchand, Miller,
Monroe, Samuel W. Morris, Newtfrd, ííisbet, Parmenter,
Paynter, Petrikin, Pickens, Pope, Jfrentis , Rayner, Ridgway,
Edward Rogers, James Rogers, Siltonstall, Shaw, Strong, Phi-
lip F. Thomas, Toland, VanderAel, Edward D. White, Jared
W. Williams  Joseph L. Wilrfms, Christopher H. Williams,
andWoiíhinéon-85.         /
The amendment ha/ing then been ordered to be
engrossed, Ind the bin to be read a third time,
Mr. PRqFFIT apked some gentlemen better ac-
quainted wiyi the ¿latter than himself, to give him
some inlornWia/ as to what was the object of
transferring (beauties which formerly devolved on
the Secretary Vlhe Navy, to the Commissioner of
Pensions, as was done by this bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER rose to moveanre-
consideration of the vote just taken on the amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman would then
have to move two reconsiderations: first, of the vote
by which the bill had been ordered to a third read.
ing; and, secondly, of the rot* by which the amend-
ment had been adopted.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to reconsMor
the vote by which the bill had been ordered to a
third reading.
Some conversation here ensued between Messrs.
ADAMS, 8TARKWEATHER, and the SPEAK-
ER as to the mode in which the question was
«gain to be got at—of which, however, the Reporter
could scarcely hear a word. It resulted in the
withdrawal, by Mr. Stakkwiatmr, of the motion
he had submitted.
And the question recurring on the final passage
of the bill,
Mr. HOFFMAN said that, if in order, he would
now move to recommit the bill for the parpóse of
striking out the 4th section. That section provided
that the Naval Pension Fund, which had always
been under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy, should now be transferred to the charge ef
the agent—Mr. Edwards. In the first place, that
pension fund did not come out of the ordinary re-
sources of the Government. It had been created
by the gallantrv of the navy in the war of 1819,
'13, and '14; and theyfhad always looked to the
Secretary of the Navy as their trustee to fulfil the
objects for which the fund had been created. If
the 4th section should now be stuck out, there was
another bill coming from the Senate which had
especial reference to the naval pension fund of the
United States; and when this bill came np, mere
would be time t  discuss its provisions, and to make
such arrangements as to the manner in which the
fund should hereafter be managed, as might be
thought advisable. This was the only motive
which he now had in moving to recommit the bill
for the purpose of striking out the 4th section. It
might give much dissatisfaction to the officers ef
the navy that the guardian to whom they had a
right to look should be released from all responsi-
bility—that the fund should be mingled up with the
other funds of the Government, and to be account-
ed for, not to tbe Secretary of the Nary, bnt to the
Secretary of War.
Mr. JONES, of Virginia, would gire fe. brief
explanation in regard to this proposition. He was
desirous to have done so before, and would have
done so had it not been for the necessity which ex-
isted that the bill should be acted apon without de-
lay. It was true that a portion of this fund had
been created under the enactment of Congress, aod
consisted of prize meney taken in the war of 1818,
•13, and 14, and which was set apart fer this pur-
pose. Another portion, called the Naval Hospi-
tal Fund, consisted of a portion of the wage* of
officers and seamen belonging to the navy. This
fund, heretofore, had been under the direction of
the Secretary of the Navy, but, owing to a commo-
nicaiionfrom that;officerhim*eif, (Mr. J. suppos-
ed,) the matter was taken np in another branch of
the Legislature, and thisseation of the bill was in-
corporated into it. [Mr. J. here read an extract
from the report of the Department, to show that
the section had been introduced at the instance of
the Secretary of the Navy himself.] The labor
imposed upon the Secretary of the Navy was so
great that he could not discharge the duties, and
the consequence was that they must, of necessity,
be devolved upon a subordinate e'erk. In the pre-
sent case, the proposition was to put tbe fund in
charge of tbe Commissioner of Pensions, where
there would be a sufficient responsibility; and, al-
though it would not be direct to tbe Secretary of
the Navy, yet it would be direct to an officer of
equal grade with the Secretary of the Navy. The
fund would be in the charge of a naval officer who
had performed faithful public service, ana there
would be mare responsibility, and a prospect of a
better discharge of tbe duty than under existing ar-
rangements, coupled to the additional prospect of a
uniformity of decision through the whole system of
pension laws.
Mr. J. then moved the previous question, but
withdrew it at the request of Mr. HemuM, and on
the pledge of that gentleman to renew it.
Mr. HOFFMAN said that the very- diffioaltjr
which he had apprehended from wa« of üinehad
now presented itself. .It was imnortanttbat tws
bill should be passed to-day; and neither the pa-
