3**
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ieaoe nor the time of the House would admit of a
satisfactory investigation now. It was for this
reason that he had submitted bis motion in such
general terms. If the House should heafter think
that this 4th section was right, they could, after
having come to a deliberate judgment, incorporate
it into the nava] pension fund bill, when it should
com* up, in the course ef two or three weeks. If,
however, the House should now pass the section
without understanding its effect, or listening to the
arguments which might be urged against it, it
would be too late, when the naval pension fund
hill should come up, to make the desirable a'tera-
tion. He did not, therefore, mean 10 offer any
substitute at present; he merely wished the House
. to strike out the section, so as to give time for con-
sideration.
This proposition contemplated a very important
■change, ao far as it regarded the interests of the
navy; and yet the change might be right or might be
wrong. It was a most important change—preg-
nant with good as with evil to that body. The
amendment had never passed through the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, which was the appropriate
committee to have passed judgment upon it, and
to have presented it to the House. Now, if the
House would agree to strike out the section, they
would be in the same position as though it had
■ever been introduced. It might be adopted pre-
cisely as it stood, or it might be rejected hereafter,
when the naval pension fund bill should be
-under consideration. But it it seemed unfair and
«kind that a measure of so much importance to
the navy should be disposed of in this summary
way, without even time for inquiry, or without
having passed through that channel to which they
had a right to look for the guardianship of their
interests.
Mr. H. being then about to renew the demand
for the previous question, in redemption of his
-pledge to Mr. JoKss,
Mr. MONROE urgently appealed to Mr. H.
to withhold the demand—which Mr. H. said he
could not do, being pledged to renew it.
And the previous question being then again de-
Tbe SPEAKER said the main question would
be on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOFFMAN moved to strike oat the fourth
section.
The SPEAKER said it could only now be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOFFMAN said if universal consent could
■net be obtained, he must move te recommit the
biU.
Mr. MeKAT rose and objected.
Mr. LAWRENCE hoped the objection would
be withdrawn. It was very important that this
bill should be passfed-atoklayy beaause the commis-
sion of the Commissioner of Pensions would ex-
pire. The House had not had any opportunity of
examining the fourth section. That section seemed
to him to carry with it very important powers, and
he confessed he was not, at this time, ready to
▼ote upon it It might be wright or wrong—he
did not say. But, at the same time, he desired
that it might be stricken out now, and introduced
into some other bill if it be right. At all events,
time should be allowed for inquiry.
Mr. McKAY declining to withdraw his objec-
tion—      ____
"   Mr. HOFFMAN moved a recommitment.
Mr. TURNEY inquired if, after the previous
question had been called, a motion to recommit was
in order!
The SPEAKER answered in the negative.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
JONES, CLIFFORD.'BRIGOS, and BANKS, on
the point of order,
When, the question being put, die demand for
(be previous question was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
And the main question being on the passage of
the bill, was decided by yeas and nays—yeas 157,
**Bys 8, as follows:
TT*f   firm   Adams, J. Allan, John W. Altan, H. J.,
Andanon, Andrew , Atherton, Bank*, Beatty, Beirna, Ball, Bid-
die,  SUeJwslI, Bond, Boyd,   Brifgp, Broekway, Aaron V.
■saws, ATtoft «. Brain, Btuke, f. M. Butler, William O.
Butler, Calhoun, Carroll. Carter, Casey, Chapman, Chinn,
Chittenden, Clark, Clifford, Coles, Connor, M. A. Cooper,
Crary, Crockett, Croas, Curtis, Cushing, Dana, Davee, Daviee,
John Davis, John W. Davis, Garret Davis, Dawson, Dennis,
Doao, Doig, Dromeoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Edwards,
Ely, Evans, Fine, Fletcher, Floyd, Fomance, James Garland,
Gates, Gentry, Gerry, Qoggin, Green, Griffin, Habersham,
Hand, W. S. Hastings, J. Hastings. Henry, Hill ef North
Carolina, Hillen, Holleman, Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard,
Hunt, Jameson, Charles Johnston, Joseph Johnson, C. John-
Bon, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kempshall,
Lawrence, Leadbetur, Lewis, Lincoln, Lowell, Lucas, Mc-
Clellan, McCulloh, McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Mason, Miller,
Mitchell, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, Calvary Morris,
Newhard, Nisbet, Ogle, Parish, Parmenter, Paynter, Petn-
km, Pope, Prentiss, Ramsey, Randall, Randolph, Rariden,
Rayner, Ridgwa?, Robinson, Edward Rosens, Russell, Saltón-
stall, Samuels, Sergeant, Shaw, Shepard, Bnnonton, Albert
Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Stai kweather, Steenrod,
Storra,Strong, Stuart, Sumter, Sweeny, Taylor. Philip F. Tho-
mas, Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tillinghatt, To-
land, Triplett, Trumbull, Turney, Underwood, Vanderpoal,
David D. Wanner, Peter J. Wagner, Watterson, Weller,
Edward D. White, John White, J&red W. Williams, Henry
Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and Wot-
thington—167.
NAYS—Messrs. Rica Garland, Jenifer, King, Monroe, Mor.
gao, ProSiL Rhett, and Christopher H. Williams—8.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. W. THOMPSON then, after a few remarks,
moved a reconsideration of the vote just taken, for
the purpose of amending it, by str.king out the
fourth section.
After some remarks from Mr. MONROE, in fa-
vor of the motion,
Mr. HUBBARD called for the previous ques-
tion; which being oriered,
The question of reconsideration was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays 83.
The bill from the Señale, making an appropri-
ation for the removal of the Red River raft, was
then taken lip, the question being on the motion of
Mr. BiddlÍ to refer the bill to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, withJnstruct ons to inquire into
and report irpon the rijpumstances connected with
the advance made byjfne Bank of Arkansas to the
Superintendent of thf work, and its expenditure by
him.          '            /
Mr. BEATTY if Pennsylvania, who was enti-
tled to the floor, ¿having moved aa adjournment
when this subject was last before the House, rose
and said, that «/though he had moved the adjourn-
ment, it hadn/t been with any intention of de-
taining the abuse by a long speech, as he believed
every honest man in the House was tired listening
to speeches made for home consumption, or
against time. What he had to say be should com-
prise in a very few words. The lemoval- of the
raft on Red. river, said Mr. B. and the opening of
the navigation of that important stream, must, in
its consequences, extend to the waters of ihe Ohio,
since they both empty into the Mississippi river,
which is a connecting link between them. Large
appropriations have heretofore been made for im-
proving, the navigation of the Ohio, and many of
the streams connected with it; and I now ask the at-
tention of the House to the importance of improv-
ing the navigation of one of its head waters. I
mean the Alleghany river. The extension of
that navigation from Pittsburg, in Pennsylvania,
to Olean Point, in the State of New York, will, I
am persuaded, be a measure of very great impor-
tance, not only to the country immediately adja-
cent, but ultimately to a great part of the Union.
There are at this tune thirteen States interested in
this improvement. It has long been the intention
of the Government that an appropriation should
be made for this object, and a bill was reported for
that purpose, but during the last session of Con-
gress it could not be reached; and from the course
that business now takes in this House, or rather
from a course pursued by some gentlemen which
prevents business from being done, I am led to em-
brace the present as the only favorable opportunity
likely for some time to occur, of bringing this sub-
ject before the notice of the House. Should the
contemplated improvement be carried into effect,
the effect will be—as any gentleman by an in-
spection of the map can immediately perceive—
that a continued line of navigation will be extend-
ed up the Allegany to the Genessee Valley canal
—a work which the enterprise and perseverance of
the people of the State of New York are now push-
ing rapidly to its completion. When this middle
link of the chain shall have been suppled, there
will be a water communication, extending, with-
out interruption, for twelve thousand miles through
the interior of the United Slates. An object like
this well deserves the name of a national enterprise,
for all parts of ihe country are more or lees inte-
res'ed in its completion. When this vast internal
navigation is complete, not only agricultural pro-
duce, but troops, artillery, and munitions of war,
can rapidly be conveyed from remote points on the
Atlantic coast all the way to New Orleans, without
being exposed to the dangers of ihe sea. Who does
notperceivewhat an invalulable advantage this will
be, should the nation be involved in war. I invite
to this subject, particularly, the attention of a class
of gentlemen who have heretofore been opposed to
works of this description: I mean the gentlemen of
the South. They cannot fail to perceive that, by
completing a line of internal navigation of this
extent, they open a path for their raw material to
the Northern manufacturers, whence it can go
abroad in an improved form, and with enhanced
value, without being exposed to the enemy by sea,
in time of war. I trust that these intelligent gen-
tlemen will give to the subject that serious atten-
tion which its importance demands, and that ihey
will consider ibis as a fit time in which to avow
their conviction of its utility.
Mr. Speaker, it was not my intention to make a
speech, but merely to call ihe attention of the
House to this subject. I am fully aware there are
many gentlemen present who understand it, and
can explain it much belter than I; and I cannot but
hope that it will not be overlooked. And now, as
I know that it is  *>i the pleasure of gentlemen to
listen to long spu'ehes on a subject like this, I will
conclude what I have to say by moving the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BIDDLE, who spoke with earnestness in
opposition to the bill,as setting an evil precedent cal-
culated to lead subordinate officers to violate their
instructions, and those interested in their doing so, to
presume upon the lenity of the Government. He
dwelt also on the constitutional objection to a bill
appropriating money originating in the Senate.
Mr. POPE admitted that there was weight in the
last objection, but wished that subject reserved, to
be embodied in a declaratory bill. He then advo-
cated the appropriation, and dwelt on the great
utility of the work, and the loss which must en-
sue should the work be suspended. Mr. P. closed
by moving a reference of the bill to the Committee
of Ways and Means; on which question he de-
demanded the previous question. He withdrew
this demand, however, under the pledge that it
should be renewed by
Mr, PETRIKIN, who said he was opposed to all
these appropriations. He considered them nothing
more nor less than a continued drain on the whole
nation, for the benefit of a set of specula'ors, who
had advanced money to go on with the improve-
ment of the raft, that they might sell their fine cot-
ton land above it, which they had purchased for a
dollar and a quarter, for fifteen and twenty dollars
an acre. We have been told, said Mr. P. that
this raft has been removed; yet we are asked for an
appropriation to remove it. Millions have been
expended by an unfaithful officer, and this House
sanctions it. If any one doubts it, I pledge myself
to produce the proof. I am not going to make a
speech about General Harrison or Alexander Ha 
milton, and move the previous question.
[Cries of "no, no!"]
Mr. P.   I always keep my word, sir.
Mr. CROSS of Arkansas wished much an op-
portunity to explain; but the rule was enforced,
which forbids all debate after the previous question
has been moved.
Mr. GARLAND suggested to Mr. Btddleio
modify his instructions; but Mr. B. declined.
Mr. GARLAND then asked a division of the
question, so that it might be taken first on the com-
mitment, and then on the instructions.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON now moved to lay the
whole subject on the table; but the House, by yeas
and nays, rejected the motion—yeas C3, nays 92.
But, before any question was taken on the com-
mitment of the bill,
The House adjourned.
