936
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER said it was the 31st day of that
month-
Mr. JOHNSTON then contended that the con-
tracts referred to were made by Mr. Garland, the
Clerk, wiihont any official authority, and for which
the House was not bound.   He disclaimed im-
puting to the Clerk any moral turpitude in his con-
duct,   but  considered  the   contracts  as   entire-
ly  unauthorized, as they  were made  after his
official existence  had   expired.      Mr.   J.   then
went on   to   suppose   a  number  of   cases   in
which   the   House    might   be   imposed   upon
by   permitting   the   Clerk   to   employ   a sub-
agent for the procuring of stationery, instead of
going directly to the paper makers himself. Among
other matters, be referred to the single article of
sealing wax.   He supposed ihat a sub agent em-
ployed by the Clerk, might farnis-h to the House
the best Victoria wax, done up in splendid paper
boxes, which cost two cents each, at $2 50 per box,
not containing quite a pound, when the very same
kind of wax, in similar boxes, could be purchased
for ft 25 per pound.    He also supposed a case
where the sub-agent might go to Mr. Hudson, the
celebrated paper maker, and purchase letter paper
at (5 25 per ream, paying for it by a draft on the
United States Bank, whose notes were ten per cent,
below par.   Also, that the same paper was after-
wards brought to this city, and sold to Government
at (6 70 per ream.   He further supposed that a
sub-agent might go to New York city and purchase
paper of an inferior quality, for which he might
charge the House j>6 per ream, when the Secretary
of the Senate was buying the same kind of paper
for |3 50 per ream, with a reduction of 5 per cent.
for cash.
Mr. J. then adverted to the fact of the Clik con-
tracting with Mr. Langtree for lithography. He
asked why the Clerk went to Mr. L. who was
not a lithographer, but who must necessarily go to
an artist to get the work done. He thought Mr.
Langtree exhibited more skill in making aeon-
tract, than in the arts, and demanded why the
House should be burdened with the commission
necessarily charged indirectly by a sub-agent, for
performing a duty belonging to the Clerk?
Mr. DROMGOOLE respectfully aked the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections whether he was
aot ready to report on the New Jersey case.
Mr. CAMPBELL, the chairman, replied in the
affirmative. After some debate on a point of order,
arising from a misapprehension on the part of Mr.
Charles Johnston,
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that, from the answer
just given  by the chairman of the Committee of
Election', he should make bqt a few brief remarks
on the question before the House.    He then re-
ferred to the 96th rule, which makes it the duty of
the Committee on Accounts to investigate all mat-
ters of expenditure.   He  would not submit the
question as to whether that committee had the sub-
ject already under consideration, because the rule
in question made it their imperative duty so to do.
But he would a >k what was the course pursued by
the gentleman fiom New York, [Mr. Johnston,] a
member  of the  commiitee.   He   was   actually
shrinking from an investigation by the Committee.
Was it not discourteous to the committ-'e for the
gentleman to come here without authority from the
committee.    [Mr.  D. her* explained that he used
the term "discourteous" in a parliamentary sen*e ]
He appealed to the House whether it was suffi-
ciently acquainted with the law and the fact, so as
to determine at once, wiihont investigation, that
the  who'e contract made by the Clerk was con-
trary to law.   He was surprised at the course of
the gentleman from New York, in proposing that
the   House   should  declare the whole   contract
void  and fraudulent,  without  pioper investiga-
tion.    It reminded him of the conduct of one
of the infernal judges, whose practice it was to de-
cide first, and hear testimony afterwards.   Mr. D.
asked what would be thought of a judge of our
courts who should, at the request ,,of an advocate
decide, without investigation, a case which proper-
ly belonged to the jury.    He had no disposition to
screen either the Clerk or Mr. Langtree, as his
rote should show; but he wished the subject to have
a fair investigation before the proper committee,
and did not wish to vote blindfolded.
Mr. D. concluded by moving the previous ques-
tion.                                                                 _
Mr. LAWRENCE and Mr. JOHNSON of Va.
both appealed to him to withdraw his motion, but
he refused to do so.
Mr. PETRI&IN modified his resolution (so as
to make it read as given above.)
The question on the second to the previous
question was then taken by tellers—Messrs. Rives
and Davies of Pennsylvania acting as tellers—and
decided in the affirmative—ayes 97, noes 73.
The question "Shall the main question be now
put?" coming up,
Mr, JOHNSTON of New York called for the
yeas and nays; which having been erdered, the
question was taken and decided in the affirmative
—yeas 110, nays 79.
The main question was then taken, and decided
unanimously in the affirmative—yeas 183, nays
none.
Mr. JONES of Virginia submitted a resolution
that the House resolve itself in a Committee of the
Whole for the purpose of considering the bill au-
thorizing the issuing of Treasury note , and that
the «aid bill shall have precedence over all other
busness until disposed of.
Objection being made by¡several gentlemen to the
reception of the resolution,
Mr. JONES moved a suspension of the rules to
enable him to offer it.
Mr. CAMPBELL expressed a wish that the re-
solution might be laid on the table in order that he
might have an opportunity of submitting: a report
from the Committee of Elections, on the New Jer-
sey case.
Mr. BELL inquired whether the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means wished to go
into Committee of the Whole for the purpose of
considering the Sub-Treasury bill. If S3, he would
vote for the motion.
Mr. JONES of Virginia replied that he was
as anxious as any gentleman to get up that bill;
and the only reason why it had not been taken up
was, that it had not been reached in the regular
course of business.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and lost (there not being a vote
of two thirds)—yeas 116, nays 69, as follows*
YEAS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Athertort,
Banks, Barna-d, Beatty, Beirne, Blddle, Blackwel), Boyd,
Bnggs, Aaron V. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, Sampson
H. Butler, William O. Butler, Carroll, Casey, Chapman,
Chino, Clifford, Colas, Conner, Mark A. Cooper, Dan , Pavee,
John Dana, John W. Davis, Dawson, Doan, Doig, Dromgoola,
Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd,
Fornance, James Garland, Gerry, Griffin, Habersham, Hall,
Hand, John Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of N. C. Hillen, Holle-
man, Holmes, Hoof, Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard, Jameson,
Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W.
Jones, Keim, Kemblc, Lawrence, Leet, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas,
McClellan, McCulloeh, McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Medill,
Miller, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, Newhaid, Parmenter,
Parna, Paynter, Petrikin, Prentiss, ProfBt, Ramsey, Randall,
Rhett, RivenEdward Rogers, James Rogers, Samuels, Shaw,
Shepard, Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Stark-
weather, Steenrod, Sumter, Swearingen, Sweeny, Taliaferro,
Taylor, Philip F. Thomas, Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Turney, Vanderpoel, David D. Wageoer, Walterson,
Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, and
Worthington—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, John W. Allen, Andrews, Bell,
Bond, Brockway, Calhoun, W. B. Campbell, Carter, Chitten-
den, Clark, Crabb, Crockett, Cross, Cushing, EJw*rd Davies,
Garret Davis, Dennis, Dillett, Edwards, Fillmore, Rice Gar-
land, Gates, Gentry, Goggin, Graves, Green, Grinnell, William
8 Hastings, Hawes. Hoffman, Hunt, James, Chas. Johnston,
William Coat Johnson, Kempahall, King, Lincoln, McCaity,
Mason, Mitchell,Monroe,Morgan, Calvary Moiris, Nisbet, Oa
borne, Pope, Randolph, Rayner, Ridgway, Russell, Saltongtall,
Sergeant, Simonton, Truman Smith, Stanly, Storrg, Stuart,
Tillin-hast, Toland, Tripled, Trumbull, Underwood, Peter J.
Wagner, John White, Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams,
Christopher H. Williams, and Sherrod Williams—69.
Mr. CAMPBELL asked leave to make a report
from the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER said that reports were not in
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then, sir, I offer the report
as a question of privilege, under the directions of
the Hou«e, which were that the committee should
report/ortftMit/i.
The SPEAKER was of opinion that it was not
a question of privilege. The introduction of the
word/ort/iwitA into the order of the House could
not make the report a special order, without a rote
of two-thirds.
Mr. CAMPBELL then moved a suspension of
the rule  to enable him to present the report.
Mr. CROSS desired, before he voted on the
question, respectfully to ask of the chairman of the
commitl«e if he was prepared to report every thing
that the committee directed htm to report. Mr. C.
was called to order by several; when
The SPEAKER said that deba'e was not in or-
der on a motion to suspend the rules.
The question was then taken on suspending the
rules, and decided in the negative, yeas 104, nays
78, as follows:
YEAS-Messre. Adams, Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson,
Atherton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne. Biddlj, Black well, Boyd,
Aaron V. Browd, Burke, Sampson H. Butler, W. O. Butler,
J Campbell, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Con-
nor, Mark A. Cooper, Cross, Dana, Davee, John Davis, John
W. Davis, Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely,
Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance, James Garland, Gerry,
Goegin, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, John Hastings, Hillen,
Holleman, Holmes, Hook, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble,
Leadbetter, Leet, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCul-
loh, McKay, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montgomery, Bamoel
W. Moms, Newhard, Parish, Parmenter, Parns, Paynter,
Petrikin, Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Rhett, Rives, Edward
Rogers. James Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Albert
Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod,
Sumter, Swearin?en, Sweeny, Taylor, Philip F. Thomas J
Thompson, Vanderpoel, David D. Wagener, Watterson, Wel-
ler, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, and Wor-
thington—104.                             . . „      .   .         _         ,
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, John W. Allen, Andrews, Barnard,
Bell, Bond, Bnggs, Brockway, William B. Campbell, Carter,
Chinn, Chittenden, Clark, Crabb, Curtis, Cushmg, Garret
Davis, Dawson, Dennis, Dillett, Edwards, Evans, Fillmore,
Rice Garland, Gates, Gentry, Graves, Green, Habersham,
Hall, Wm. S Hastings, Hawes, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman,
Hunt, James, Charles Johnston, Wm. Cost Johnson, Kemp-
shall, Lawrence, Lincoln, McCarty, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe,
Morgan, C. Morns, Nisbet, Ogle, Osborne, Pope, Profflt, Ran-
dall, Randolph, Randen, Rayner. Ridgway, Russell, Salton-
stall, Sergeant, Truman Smith, Stanly, Storrs, Stuan, Talia-
ferro, Waddy Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplttt,Trum.
bull, underwood, Peter J. Waener, John While, Thomas W.
Williams, Lewis Williams, Christopher H. Williams, and
Sherrod Williams—78.
Mr. VANDERPOEL asked leave of the House
to introduce a series of resolutions referring the va-
rious subjects in the President'a message to the ap-
propriate committees.
Objections being made by several members,
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. EVANS of Maine said that the motion of
the gentleman was irregular. The usual course
was to refer the whole message to the Committee of
the Whole on the stale of the Union, where it was
discussed before referring the several parts of it to the
appropriate committees. If the gentleman would
modify his motion so as to refer the message to the
Committee of the Whole House be would vote
for it.
Mr. VANDERPOEL. If the message gets into
Committee of the Whole we should never get it out
again.
The resolutions were then read for ihe informa-
tion of the Houae.
Mr. ADAMS desired to know if it was the gen-
tleman's object, alter the expiration of two months
of the session, to send all the diffei ent subjects to
the committees without previously discussing them
in Committee of the Whole. If so, the gentleman
intended to effect an entire revolution in the prac-
tice of the House.
Mr. VANDERPOEL would respond to the in-
quiry of the gentleman from Massachusetts. The
friends of the Administration were not justly charge-
able with a delay in the reference of the mes-
sage.
[Here Mr. V. was interrupted wiih repeated
calls to order ]
The CHAIR stated that the debate was not in
order.
Mr. VANDERPOEL then said he would make
a direct answer to the gentleman's inquiry. It
was; not his intention that the message should go to
the Committee of the Whole.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative—there not being a vote of two-thirds—
yeas 104, nays 85.
Mr. LAWRENCE moved to refer the message
of the President to the Committee of the Whole on
the s'ate of the Union.
Mr. CLIFFORD moved to amend the motion
by excepting from it ihe subject of the Northeast-
ern boundary, and referring it to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
