$40
i    .i. «■-......     .                                      _
Mr. T. also mads unfavorable reports on the following peti-
tion*, and the Committee on Revolutionary Pensiona were
diseharge<rfr m tiieir further consideration, viz; Henry Etliel,
Joshua Bailey, John Cottrel, Thus. Harvey, Pliebe Peck, Mary
Pike, Samuel Petungel, Mr . J. Smith, Peier Haas, Jacub Mil-
ler, Margaret Liwrence, Isiac Fowler, Samuel Gray, Calvin
Goodno, Ann Knephly, Sarah Callender, Eliaha Dillingham, the
wiJew of Caleb Faxon, John H. Fallen, Elisabeth Row , Daniel i
Woola-iy, Sarah Decker, Jacobus Swaitwood, Tunis Swart, Jno.
Croft, Charles L. Broad, Azubah Harrington, Gains Paddock,
John Hasey, Lattis Pond, Susan Borden, Mary Hickman, John
Boyd, Justice Artrnan, Jane Burgess, Michael Bock, Eleaxer
Allen, Joseph B. Brooks, Daniel VV. Kenney, Maria Hornbeck,
John Browar, Joseph Wood, Win. Meade, Valentine Miller,
David Mallory, AnnGoldabury, the heirs of Benjamin Chappell,
Isaac Haviland, John Steigleman, Newcomb Blodget, Amasa
Dunbar, Jacob Gist, William Jenkinson, John Whitman, Jere-
miah Odell, Henry Peyton, Evan Thomas, Susan Titus, Eliza-
beth Allen, Timothy Shay, Samuel Campbell, John Reed, Tho-
IUmsay, Winney Porter, Benjamin Pierce, John Snow, Wm.
Amy, Sophia Delesdernier, Phebe Smith, Catharine Rlnker, S.
Jordoo, Stephen Freeman, David Mason, John EJm.imlson,
Elizabeth Trtiax, James Reed, Margaret Askins, Peter Catletl,
Thomas Hall, Charles Watts, John Magoon, Sarah Parsons,
Joha Ataerton, Merifield Vickory, Martha Lamore, Margaret i
and Mary D%ing,l9acob Ford, Richard Raines, Susan Camp- i
bell, Oliver Peck, Pliny Hays, John Voorhees, Samuel Dean, i
Susan Rodgers, Polly Hamilton, John II. Schenck, Joseph Par- ,
ker, Dorcas Colly, and Ensign Mitchell.                                     ; \
Mr. 8 WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Invalid Pension?,   ;
¿sported                                                                                 '
A bill for the relief of Peter A. Myers;                                    j
A bill for the relief of John Piper;                                           !
A bill for the relief of Job Wood;
A bill for the relief of Mary Hunter;
A sill for the relief ef John Keeier;
A bill for the relief of Fielding Pratt;                                    I ]
A bill for the relief of James Fleming;                                  !
A. bill for the reiief of Samuel M Asbury;
A bill for the relief of Neil Shannon;
A bill for the relief of Elijah Blodgett;                                     i
A bill for the relief of Thomas Collins;                                   ':
A bill to restore to certain invalid and other pensioners the   . j
amount of pensions by them relinquished;
which were severally read twice, and committed.
Mr. DOAN, from the same committee, resorted                      j
A Bill for the relief of Stephen Appleby;
A bill for the relief of Daniel W. Goings;
, A bill for the relief of Hiram Saul; and
A bill lor the relief of James Biily;
which were severally twice read, and committed.
Mr. STRONG, from the same committee, reported
A bill for the relief of Samuel B. Hughes;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Wilson;
A bill for the relief of Joha E. Wright;
A bill for the relief of James Cumminga;
A bill for the relief of William* B. Hughes;
A bill for the relie! of John H. Lincoln;
A bill for the relief of Jared Wioslow;                      '           _ .
w itch were severally twice read, and committed.
Mr. S. W. MORRIS, from the same committee, reportad
A bill.for the relief of Myron Chapín:
A bill for the relief of Barton Hooper;
A hill for the relief of Charles Risley;
▲ bill for the relief of Gideon Sheldo.i;
A bill for the relief of Levi Johnson;
A bill for the relief of Robert Frailer;
A bill for the relief of Lyman Bristol;
Abill for the relief of Isaac Justice;                                        I
A bill for thi relief of Medad Cook;                                        i
which were severally twice read and, committed.                       '
Mr. M. also made unfavorable reportó in the casesnf Jeremi-
ah A. Winney, Samuel D. Baynard, John Higle, John Deans,
Daniel Morse, jr Laban Williams, and Captain John Patton;
which were ordered to lie on the table.                                      '
Mr. RANDALL, from the same committee, repotted
A biHforthe relief of Pamela Brown
A bill forthe relief of James Smith:
A bul for the relief of Sylvester Tiffany;
A bill for ths reliefof William Sloan;
Abill or the relief ofRnbertWhittlet;
A bill for the relief of Joseph W. Knife;
A bill forthe relief of Levi M. Roberts;
which were severally read twice, and committed.^
Mr. CHITTENDSN, from the same committee, reported
A bill lor the relief of William Butterfleld;
Abill for the relief of George Hommill;
A bill for the relief of Jacob Galer;
A bill for the relief of David Wilson;
Abill for the reli f of Samuel Brown;
Abill for the reliefof Emanuel Srofe;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Boyd;
A bill for .he reliefof William Bowman;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin McCullock;
A bill for the relief of Lyman Cook;
which were severally read.
Mr. PALEN. from the sime committee, reported
A bill for the reliefof David A. Bildwin;
A bill for the relief ofLevi Collmus:
Abill for the relief ofLieutenant John Allison;
A bill forthe relief of William Pools;
A bill for the relief of Josiah Strong;
A bill for the relief of Seneca Rider;
A bill for the relief ofPeter W. Short;
A bill forthe reliefof.Iehosaph.it Briggs;
A bill to repeal so much of the act entitled "An aet for the re-
liefof certain invalid pensioners therein named, passed the 2d
ef March, 1833, as grants a pension to Jesse Cunningham;
which bill* were severally read twice, and committed.
Mr. CALVARY MORRIS, from the same committee, re-
ported
A bill for the relief of Simeon Knight;
A bill for the relief of Robert Lucas;
A bill for the reliefof John Brown;
A bill for the reliefof Wilfred Knott;
A bill for the relief ofWilliam Glover;
which were severally read twice, and committed.
Mr. PETRIKIN, from the Committee on the Public Buildings
and Grounds, reported a resolution, which was agreed to, calling
en toe President to inform the House under what authority the
plan of the General Post Olflce building was adopted, anda
CONGRfeSSIONA! GLOBE.
different mode of construction in the basement story, and in the
elevation of the building, so as to abridge its capacity to the ac-
commodation of the City Post Offlcu, substituted for the ar-
rangement proposed in the plan and estimates exhibited by the
architect, and reported to the House of Representatives of the
last Congress; and if the same, when completed, will afford
sufficient and convenient accommodations both for the General
Post Office Department and the City Post Office, etc.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the same committee, reported abill
making appropriations for certain repairs and improvements
upon the public buildings and grounds, and for other pur-
poses: referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HOPKINS, on leave, presented petitions of citizens of
Wythe county, Virginia, praying Congress to relieve Joseph
Ramsay, a surveying officer of the Revolution, from a j udgment
recovered against him at the suit of the United States. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judicary.
Mr. P. F. THOMAS presented the petition of James Seaburn,     ¡
praving thatcortain tonnage duty paid by him at Wilmington,
N. C. in 18!5, may bs refunded.   Referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr CALHOUN, from the committee appointed on the sub-
ject, made a report, accompanied by a bill, granting a bounty in
land to such soldiers of the old fourth regiment of United
Slates infantry as sorved during any part of the war with
Great Britain. Read, and referred to a Committee of the Whole
House
Mr. JOHN QUINCY ADAMS, from the committee to which |
was referred the bill to provide for the disposal and manage-
ment of the fund bequeathed by James Smithsun to the United '
States fer the establishment ofan institution for the increase and j
diffusion of knowledge among men, reported an amendatory ;
bill, accomdanied by a report, which were committed to the
Cemmiitee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union.
Mr. TILLINGIIAST, from the Committee on the Library,   |
reported a jí'int resolution for the disposition of certain docu-
ments now deposited in the Library of Congress; which was
read.
In the course of the despatch of the above business from the
committees, one question arose on discharging tho Committee
on Indian Affairs from the consideration of certain papéis, and
referrinithem to the Committee of Claims, which was debated
at considerable length, and finally decided by yeas and nays-
yeas 77, nays 56.
Mr. BELL having introduced a resolution granting to the
Committee on Indian Affairs power to send for parsons and pa-
pers, with a view to investigate certain alleged frauds in a
treaty made with the Caddo Indians—
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana said he hoped the resolution |
reperted by the Committee on Indian Affairs would be adopted, i
ami that the committee would proceed with as mneh diligence
as possible to the examination of the charges contained in the
petition of Samuel Norris, alleging fraud and misconduct
against Jehiel Brooks, the commissioner who negotiated the
treaty with the Caddo Indians of 1835, by which" Norris alle-
ges he has been injured, and the Government defrauded out of
a valuable tract of land.
Mr. G. said, from the delay that had occurred, and from the
representations which would probably be made by Brooks, it
migluappear he had been remits in the discharge of his duty.
To counteract any impression of the kind that might bemads
on any portion of his constituents, he thought it neC'ssary to re-
call the attention of the House to what had taken place, and
the facts as they appeared on the journal, or wore known to the
members.
Mr. G.said he had had the memorial of Mr. Norris In his
possession some time before he had an opportunity of present-
ing it, in consequence of the peculiar condition of the House.
He had mentioned some of the facts in relation to this transac-
tion to a person in this cily, who is interested In the land, and
told him that, as soon as practicable, it was his (Mr. G'.-O inten-
tion to present the matter to the consideration of the House of
Representatives. This conversation, which was a general
character, he believed, had been communicated to Brooks, but
in what language he did not know
Mr. G. said, that on the 6th of February, as would appear
by the journal, he had presented the petition of Mr. Norris,
with the evidencein supportof it. It wa? the first day,'under
the rules, that he could present that petition, or any other.
When he presented it, he called the attention of the House,
and particularly that of the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs LMr. Bbll] to its contents, which he stated very
fully, and requested nis immediate attention to it. Some five
or six days after, (Mr. G said,) he had received a letter from
Jehiel Brooks, stating that ho had been waiting for some time
to see his(Mr. G's) "indictment" against him. The tone and
evident object of the letter was, doubtlessj to get up an issue |
different from the one made by Mr. Norris, and with another
person—for what purpose it was not difficult to divine.
Mr. G. said, as it was not his intention to permit any change
of the issue presented, or to have the investigation smothered
by a personal controversy with Mr. Brooks, he had not an- I
swered the letter, but immediately informed a member of the
Committee on Indian Affairs of it, and desired that an imme-
diate investigation take place, and that Brooks be notified of
it. Some days after, he received another letter from Brooks,
reiterating his request, in impertinent language, which Mr.
G. said he did not choose to notice, but called on the chairman |
of the committee, and requested the memorial of Norris might i
be taken up without delay, and Brooks notified, which wag
promised. Mr. G. said a delay had occurred in the committee,
from the mass of business before it, and the fact that the me-
morial was not laid before it by the officers of the Mouse for
pome week or ten d?ys after it was presented, in consequence
of the mass of petitions presented on the 6lh and 6th February,
all of which had to be entered on the journal, docketed, and dis-
tributed.                                              ,
Mr. G. said that, on ihe 24th of February, with a view of fa.
cilitating the investigations of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
it would appear from the journal that he had offered a resolu-
tion calling on the Secretary of War for all the documents, pa
pers, and information in the possession of the Department in
relation to the negotiation and execution of the Caddo treaty,
and particularly in relation to the reservations of land in it.
The resolution is very comprehensive, and covers the whole
ground.   It isas follows:
"Renlvtd, That the Secretary of War he directed to «om-
municate to this House the amount agreed to be paid to the
Caddo Indians by the treaty made with them on July 1,1835, at
what times and dates the said sums were paid, to wham paid,
ii                    i
by whom paid, and whether the Indians have received said
sums: if so, whether in money or merchandise; and if the lat-
ter, what was its real value. Also, that he communicate all
the correspondence in the Department relating to the payment
of said sums, together with all the information m his possession
connected with the subject. And the said Secretary Is also di-
rected to communicate, in a separate report, all the documents
on file in relation to the negotiation ol said treaty with the Cad-
do Indians, and the reservation therein made, the instructions to
the commissioners who negotiated the same, and all correspon-
dence with him or other persons in relation to said treaty, or ihe
reservations therein; the right  of the Indians to the land which
was occupied by them; what right or claim the persons in
whose favor the reservations are madehavo or had to the same;
and generally all documents or information in the possession of
the Department relating to the rights or claims of the said In-
dians; the negotiation and execution ofthe treaty, the rights of
individuals who have been affected by it; the obieeta of the Go-
vernment in making said treaty, and any other matter he may
think proper connected with these objects."                  .
Mr. G. said it would be recollected he had nwved the imme-
diate adoption ofthe resolution, stating at the time it was very
desirable to obtain the information immediately, as it was ne-
cessary to prosecute the investigation into the alleged frauds m
relation to the reservations in the Caddo treaty. An objection
was madeto the consideration of the resolution at that time by a
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Ca.vb Johnson,] and though
Mr. G. had earnestly appealed to him to withdraw the objec-
tion, he had persisted, and tha resolution necessarily laid ever,
under the rules of the House. On the morning of the 36th of
February, this resolution was published in the National Intelli-
gencer. On the afternoon of that day, Mr. Brooks, who had
been so anxiously waiting for my indictment, set off to Lou-
isiana, leaving a letter to be dolivered to me after he was gone,
impugning my motives, and threatening me with consequences
which he had not the courage to stay here to execute. This let-
ter (Mr. G. said) was delivered to him whilst in his seat, on the
27th of February, by one ofthe pages of the House. He imme-
diately had inquiries made for Brooks, and foundhe had gone
the day pievious.
Mr. G. repeated his wish that the resolution should be adopt-
ed, and that the committee would take immediate measures to
notify Brooks, and proceed to the investigation of the charges
which he pretended to court, and ol which he might have been
informed any day after the 8th of February, by application to
the Clerk of the House.
The resolution of Mr. Bell was adopted.
Another brisk discussion took place on a resolution moved by
Mr. Pickbns, chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
for the furnishing that committee with maps, those now in its
committee room being antiquated, and in a great degree useless.
Mr. PETRIKIN desired that the committee should be re-
stricted to such maps only as were now is the committee room
of the library.
Mr. SUMTER warmly remonstrated against such an idea,,
and spoke of the vast importance af the maiterssubmitted to the
committee, and the necessity of its having all the lights which,
could be obtai ned.
Mr. ADAMS wished the committee confined t  a di finite
number of maps; as the Clbbk might otherwise make a con-
tract with Mr. Langtree to furnish all the maps ia ArrewsmHh's
colleciion, for aught he or the House knew.
Mr. PETRIKIN withdrew his amendment, and the resolu-
tion was recommitted.
Mr. CLIFFORD, from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, in-
troduced a tesolution that so much of the President's message
as relates to the Northeastern boundary of the United States be
je fer red to that committee
Mr. GARLAND objected to this resolution as out of order, the
whole message having already been referred to the Committee
ofihe Whole on the state ofthe Union.
Mr. CLIFFORD then proposed, as his individual act, to mo-
dify the resolution.
Mr. GARLAND objected tothisaseqnally out of order, be-
cause the gentleman could not, as a private individual, modify
aresoliition reported by a committee ofthe House.
Mr. PICKENS said the only design of resolution was to give
the commiitee cognizance ofthe subject, which it might be im-
portant for it to have.
Mr. HUNT objected, but said that if the chairman of the
committee would say it was now important, he would withdraw
his objection.
Mr. CLIFFORD inquired whether his resolution,  modified,
had been entertained by the Cha ml
TheCnAIR replying in the negative—
Mr. EVANS appealed; when after some conversation, Mr
Hunt withdrew his objection, and Mr. Evans his appeal, and
the resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
The call of committees for reports having proceeded as far
as the Committee on Revisal and Unfinished business-
Mr. HOFFMAN moved an   adjournment,  but it did  not
prevail.
The call of committers was now resumed, and when it had
proceeded as far as the^Cemmittee .on the Expenditures in the
Department of War-
Mr. R. GARLAND, chairman of that committee, moved that
the committee have power to send for persons and papers to
enable it to inquire into the legality of these expenditures; le-
gether with an amendment proposing that the committee have
power to employ a clerk at $1 per day during the titting of ihe
committee.                                               °              B
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded the previous question an the re-
solution and amendment.
The call was seconded by the House, and the previous ques-
tion was thereupon put and carried.
And the main question being first on the amendment. It was-
negatived—yeas 73, nays 99.
So the House refused to allow the committee a clerk
The question was then put on the adoption ofthe resolution,
and decided in the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 63.
The CHAIR announced that repoits from the
Committee of Elections would be in order.
NEW JERSEY ELECTION.
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the Committee of Eleor
tions, to which wa  referred the resolution of the
House of the 28th ult. directing said committe* to
report fortwith to the House, which five of th*ten
