CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BÜ3
the Chair: nobody can more an adjournment while
I bate a right lo the floor.
Mr. PROFFIT. I made a motion to adjourn,
tad wuh to know whether the gentleman from
Obio, by bis appeal to sustain the motion of the
gentleman from PennsyIrania, can deprive me of
the right to hire the question taken on my mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Paorrrr] had a right to more an ad-
journment.
Mr. PROFFIT renewed his motion to adjourn.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called tor the yeas and
nays; which being ordered, the question was de-
cided in the negative that way—yeas 71, nays
90.
Mr. Dvhcan's appeal was then read.
Some conversation then took place as to the
phraseology of the appeal in which ihe SPEAKER,
Mr. FILLMORE, and Mr. DUNCAN, partici-
pated, Mr. FILLMORE stating that the point was
not correctly staled, and that when he offered his
resolution the reading of the report was suspended
by general consent, and that it was so understood
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromooole,]
who endeavored to offer a resolution at the fame
time.
The SPEAKER thought the facts were not ex-
actly stated as they happened. His impressions
were that the reading of the report was suspended
by general consent, and that the resolution of the
gentleman from New York was received in the
same way. The Chair, he said, was often placed
in difficulty by propositions to receive motions by
general consent. Some gentlemen would make
objections and then withdraw them, and from the
confusion often pioduced on snch occasions, the
Chair was often led, unintentionally, into error,
particularly when the proposition is permitted to be
read for information only.
Mr. MEDLLL was satisfied that the Spbakkr
was In error in saying that the gentleman from
New York had moved bis resolution before the
reading of the report wis called for. The Clerk
was reading the report when be was interrupted by
the gentleman from New York, and he [the Clerk]
stopped, a^ a matter of course, when the gentleman
interrupted him, and he rose, and, addressing the
Speaker, offered his resolution. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] rose nearly at the
same time, and offered a resolution, but the Chair
awarded the floor lo the gentleman from New
York. He then, as he supposed both gentlemen to
be out of order, rose, and demanded if be had nota
right to have the reading of the report proceeded
with.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said, that when he dis-
covered mat the reading of the report was so* -
pended, he supposed that it was done by genet al
consent; and therefore it was that he endeavore«< to
offer his resolution. If the reading of the repott
was not suspended by general consent, as be learnt
from the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mf.dill,] it
was clear that the gentleman from New Yoik was
out of order, when he offered his resolution. Until
he heard the explanation of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Medill,] he was under the impression
that the reading was suspended by general consent.
There was so much confusion in the bail at the
time, that be, as well as the Speaker, might have
been led into error.
Mr. PETRIKIN insisted on bis right to the Boot,
and said it was of no consequence whether the gen-
tleman from New York was out of order or not,
when he offered h s resolution, as he [Mr. P.] made
his motion immediately on the conclusion of the
reading of the report, and the Speaker then recog-
nised his right to the floor.
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky called for the reading
of the documents accompanying the report.
Mr. CRAIG'S idea was that the whole matter was
out of order. If the reading of the report was
called for, as they were told by the gentleman
from Ohio and other , the gentleman from New
York had no right 10 offer his resolution while it
was being read. He, himself, rose out of order,
and wished to get the unanimous consent of the
House for printing the report, andan adjournment.
It was rather an appeal to the good sense of the
House, than a regular motion to the Chair. He
knew he was out of order, and when he found
it was the wish of the House to •proceed with the
business, he too his seat.
[ Much disorder prevailed at this time, a number
of gentlemen trying to gel the floor, and addressing
the Chair.]
The SPEAKER said he would make a shott
statement of tbe facts, so far as he understood them.
The Chair supposed, when he received the motion
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fillmore,]
that the leading of the report was suspended by ge-
neral consent. He would, however, state it was
always a difficult matter for the Chair to decide
when motions wtre received by general consent, or
only suffered to be read for information, as much
confusion generally attends such propositions, and
gentlemen «ho make objections often wi'hdraw
them. In this case, the Chair believed that tbe
reading was suspended by general consent; bat it
seemed that, in this, he was mistaken, for the Se-
nator from Ohio states that he called for the reading
of the report. There was a difficulty which had
occurred to the Chair since his decision, and this
was whether, the member from New York [Mr.
Fillmore] did not lose his right to tbe floor by not
claiming it until after tbe gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Petrikin] had lisen and been recog-
nised by the Chair. This question would, however,
be decided by the question on the appeal taken by
tbe Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Duncan ] As there was
some difficulty as to the phraseology of the appeal,
tbe Chair would, with the assent of the gentleman
from Ohio, state the question on the appeal as sim-
ply appealing from his decision, giving the floor
to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. DUNCAN assented.
After some remarks from Mr. BRIGGS, not
beard,
Tbe SPEAKER stated the question on the ap-
peal.
Mr. CHAPMAN would ask of tbe House if any
one could understand the true state of the ease
better than the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Me-
dill,] who was a member of the committee, had
made himself fully acquainted with the subject,
and was near to the gentleman of New York and
to the Chair wbea the two motions on which the
appeal rested were made.
Mr. CHAPMAN was called to crder, and took
his seat.
Mr. FILLMORE demanded the yeas and nays
on the appeal, which were ordered.
Mr. PROFFIT said he rose to a point of order.
Several gentlemen. There is a point of order
now pending.
Tbe previous question on tbe appeal was then
seconded by the House, and the main question
having been put, resulted—yeas 88, nays 88.
So ihe decision of the Chair not being sustained,
the effect was to award the floor to
Mr. PETRIKIN, who withdrew his motion for
the previous question, and atked of the Chair
what was the question before the House.
Tbe SPEAKER said it was on the motion to re-
commit, made by the gentleman from New York,
Mr. Fillmore.
After a desultory discussion on the question of
order as to the question before the House, in which
Messrs. TAYLOR of Ohio, FILLMORE, and
PETRIKIN, took part,
Tbe CHAIR a¿ain stated the question before
the House; when
Mr. PETRIKIN submitted the following substi-
tute for Mr. Fillmore's resolution, by way of
amendment, and moved tbe previous question on it.
Whereas it appears by the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections that Philemon Dickerson, Peter
D. Vroom, Daniel B, Ryall, William R. Cooper,
and Joseph Kille, received the greatest number of
lawful yotes cast in the State of New Jersey at the
election holdm in that State f or Representatives in
the Twenty-sixth Congress:
Ritolved, That Philemon Dickerson, Peter D.
Vroom, Daniel B. Ryall, William Cooper, and Jo-
seph Kitle, are entitled to take their seats in the
House oí Representatives as members of tbe
Twenty-sixth Congress, and that the Speaker of
the House, on their presenting themselves, qualify
then as such: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained shall prevent the investigation mtosaid elec-
tion from b ing continued in the maimer hemto 
fore authorized by a majority of the Committee of
Elections, on the application of the five claimants
for said teats.
Mr. FILLMORE enquired whether the amend-
ment was in order.
The CHAIR said it was read for information!
Mr. PETRIKIN said he would advise the gen-
tleman from New York never te fire until h  was
loaded. Tbe well meaning part of the country was
tired of hearing of the continued debates on this
New Jersey question. He was tired of hearing
gentlemen on the other side continually complain-
ing that poor New Jersey was unrepresented oa
that floor. Enough had been said of broad seals,
prima facie evidence, 4c.; and sis the committee
had now reported which five of the ten contending
candidates had been duly elected by the people, he
wanted the matter settled at once, and the right
members put in their seats. It was with this view
that he had offered his resolution.
Mr. FILLMORE said his point of order was
this: The gentleman's amendment, by s'riking out
all after the word "whereas," did not leave a sub-
stantive ponton of the resolution. Again: his re-
solution was to recommit the report, while the
amendment offered a different and distinct proposi-
tion lo admit five members to their seat*.
Tbe Chair informed the gentleman from New
Yark that, the previous question being called, it
was not in order to debate.
Mr. FILLMORB said as he was not permitted to
say any thing in its favor, he would withdraw his
point of orden
Mr. CONNOR then moved a call of the House;
but, from the confusion and noise prevailing, the
motion was not entertained.
Mr. PROFFIT (aid he bad called fifty times, as
he could prove, for tbe reading of the papers ac-
companying the report. I call for it now, «aid
he; but in this scene of revolution and Jacobinisai,
no man has his rights.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman bad «right
to call for tbe reading of papers, about which he
was called on to vote.
Mr. HOPKINS here moved that the House ad-
journ; and the yeas and Bays bewg «aliad for and
ordered, the question was decided ift ihe negative—,
yeas 75, nays 92.
Mr. PRENTISS of New York morca a call of
tbe House.
-Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and says;
whi*h were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD moved an adjournment*
Mr, PROFFIT calmil for la* yeas #nd ¿nays,
which, wen etdered; and thciquestion was in that
way decided in tbeaflkmative—yea  85, nays 72.
So the House adjourned.
IN SfiNATE,
Friday, March 6,1840.
The CHAIR submitted a repojt  C*« Seojrtfary
of the Navy, made in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of January 39,1840, transmit-
ting a fist of officers admitted to the roll of aavy
pensioners between the 30th of June, 1B00, and the
1st of January, 1837, and specifying their rank,
the degree and nature of disability, and the ¿mount
of monthly pension; which was laid on the table;
Mr. GRUNDY presented the memorial of Ed-
mund P. Gaines, proposing a system of national
defence, and recommending tbe same to the adop-
tion of CoDgres?; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented fifteen memorials,
praying for an increase of datits on imported silks;
which were referred to the Committee on Finance-
Mr. B. also presented the memorial oí the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of Philadelphia,
praying the passege of a bankrupt law; which was
referred to the Cemmi tee on Finance.       ,-,...
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of OJiv 
W. Cannon.widow of Joseph S. Cannon, deojawa,
late an officer in the Navy of the UniMS'«9*?'
, which was referred to the C«nmJ.ttee on J**   8-
Mr. PIERCE presented the pe&uoa of the w^
