444
dow of Robert Willey, deceased, late a soldier in
the Revolutionary war, praying a pension-, which
vas referred to the Committee on Pensions.
• The CHAIR submitted resolutions passed by
the Senate of the Territory of Florida, instructing
the Delegate of said Territory in Congress to op-
pose the passage of any law for dividing said Ter-
ritory; which was referred to the Select Committee
on the Florida Territory.
Mr. MERRICK presented the petition of a
number of citizens of Alexandria, praying the
erection of a marine hospital at or near that place;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. PORTER presented the petition of citizens
of Kalamazoo and St. Joseph, in the State of
Michigan, praying that the provisions of the pre-
emption law of June 23,1838, may be extended to
persons engaged in the cultivation of the soil at the
time of its passage, with a view to a future settle-
ment thereon; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Tyler Spaf-
ford, reported a bill for his relief: which was read,
«nd ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to which was referred the
memorial of Casper W. Wever, reported a bill for
his relief; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the claim of Mary Neal, re-
ported a bill for her relief; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. KING, from (he Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the petition of Jacob Pen-
nel, reported a bill for the relief of Jacob Pennell,
and others, owners of the Eliza, of Brunswick;
which was read, arid ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the punishment of certain
crimes against the United States; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
following resolution submitted some days since by
Mr. Tappan:
Resolved, That the 47th rule be amended so as in
the last paragraph thereof to read:
«Two reporters for each of the daily papers, and
one reporter for each tri-weekly paper, printed and
published in the city of Washington, whose names
shall be communicated in writing, by the editors ot
those papers to the Secretary of the Senate, and
who shall confine themselves to the seats now pro-
vided for them.
After some remarks from Mr. PRESTON, he
moved to lay the resolution on the table; which
was negatived—ayes 17, noes 25.
Mr. PRESTON then moved to amend by strik-
ing ont "eity of Washington," and inserting "Dis-
trict of Columbia," which was disagreed to—ayes
16, noes 25.
The resolution was then agreed to—ayes 25,
noes 16.
THE SPECIAL ORDER.
The report of the Select Committee on the as-
sumption of State debts, was then taken up, and
after an animated debate, in which Messrs. DA-
VIS, BUCHANAN, PRESTON, KING, NOR-
VELL, CLAY, of Kentucky, BROWN, and CAL-
HOUN, participated,
Mr. WEBSTER moved an adjournment; which
was decided in the negative.
The question then coming up on the resolutions
reported by the Select Committee,
The CHAIR stated the question as follows:
The Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Bucha-
nan, had moved to amend the resolutions of the
committee, by adding the following:
Resolved, That the debts of the several States, so
far as they are known to the Senate, have been
contracted in the exercise of the undoubted right
and constitutional power of said States respec-
tively, and that there is no ground to warrant any
doubt of the ability or disposition of those States to
fulfil their contracts.
For which amendment, Mr. Noryell  offered
th« following as a substitute:
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Resolved,. That while the Senate of the United
States is fully impressed with the importance and
cerrectness of the principles contained in the fore-
going resolutions, it is not intended thereby to cre-
ate any doubt of the constitutional right of the
States to contract debts, nor of their resources, dis-
position, or ability to fulfil the engagements which
they have contracted for purposes of internal im-
provement, as well as for other object within the
range of their reserved powers.
The question was now on the substitute of Mr.
Norvell; which was agreed to—ayes 25, noes
18, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Brown,
Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton,
Grundy, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mou'on, Nicholas,
Norvell, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Strange, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Wall, Williams, and Wri*ht—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Buchanan, Clay of Kentucky,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Henderson, Knight,
Merrick, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Ruggles,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Spence, Webster, and
White—18.
The question then being on the adoption of Mr.
Buchanan's motion a<? amended, alter some re-
marks by Messrs. SMITH of Indiana, CRITTEN-
DEN, NORVELL, WEBSTER, and KING,
On motion of Mr. KING, and by unanimous
consent, it was considered as withdrawn for the
present.
The substitute proposed by Mr. Crittenden
for the resolutions of the committee, was then
taken up, and was as follows:
Resolved, That the debts ot the several States, so
far as they are known to the Senate, have been
contracted in the exercise of the undoubted right
and constitutional power of said States respective-
ly, and that there is no ground to warrant any
doubt of the ability or disposition of those States to
fulfil their contracts.
Resolved, That it would be just and proper to
distribute the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands among the several S'a es, in fair and ratea-
ble proportions, and that the condition of such of
the States as have contracted debts is such at the
present moment of pressure and difficulty as to
render such distribution especially expedient and
important.
After some remarks by Mr. PRESTON, the
question on the substitute was taken, and it was re-
jected—ayes 17, noes 28, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Betts, Clay of Kentucky, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Dixon, Knight, Merrick, Phelps,
Porter, Prentiss, Ruggles, Smith oí Indiana, South-
ard, Spence, Tallmadge, Webster, and White
—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Brown,
Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton,
Grundy, Henderson, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lump-
kin, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Preston,
Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Strange, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan, Wall, Williams, and Wright—28.
Mr. PRESTON then moved to amend the reso-
lutions of the committee by striking out all after
the word resolved, and inserting the following as a
substitute:
Resolved, That the debts of the several States, so
far as they are known to the Senate, have been
contracted in the exercise of the undoubted right
and constitutional power of said States respective-
ly, and that there is no ground to warrant any
doubt of the ability or disposition of those States to
fulfil their contracts.
After some remarks by Messrs. WEBSTER and
KIxVG,
Mr. NORVELL said that the amendment of-
fered by him, and voted on by the Senate, had
been withdrawn, with the general understanding
that no other amendment should be offered until a
vote was taken on the resolutions of the commit-
tee. The course taken by the Senator from South
Carolina would compel him to move the proposi-
tion which he had withdrawn, as a substitute for
the Senator's amendment; and he accordingly made
that motion.
Mr- PRESTON then withdrew his motion to
amend.
The first resolution of the Select Committee was
then read, as follows;  •
1. Resolved, That the assumption, directly or in-
directly, by the General Government, of the debts
which have been, or may be, contracted by the
States for local objects or State purposes, would be
unjust, both to the States and to the people.
Mr. PRENTISS moved to strike out the words
"directly or indirectly," and insert "or gua-
rantee."
After some remarks by Messrs. PRENTISS,
KNIGHT, and GRUNDY,
Mr. WEBSTER moved an adjournment, which
was negatived—ayes 10, noes 27.
The question was then taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Prentiss, and decided in the
negative—yeas 6, nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Betts, Dixon, Knight, Phelps,
Prentiss, and Ruggles—fi.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert,
Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin,
Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Robin-
son, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Strange, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Wall, Williams, and Wright—27.
Mr. RUGGLES then moved to amend by strik-
ing out "or State purposes." Mr. R. assigned as
a reason, thai the debt recently incurred by the
State of Maine, in defending her frontier, might be
considered a State debt, and, by this resolution, the
future payment of it debarred.
Mr. WILLIAMS said, as his colleague had ob-
jected to this resolution, and as he intended to vote
for it, he wished to give 9 reason for so doing. He
considered the debt incurred by his State, in de-
fending the frontier, as not the debt of Maine, bnt
as the debt of the United States, which would, he
expected, be paid without hesitation by the Gene-
ral Government.
Mr. BENTON. Certainly. The boundary of
Maine was the boundary of the United States. [In
this sentiment there was a very general acqui-
escence.]
After some further remarks by Messrs. RUG-
GLES and WALL,
Mr. NORVELL said that the defence of the
State of Maine was the defence of the United
States. The protection of the Northeastern
boundary of Maine was the protection of the
boundary of the nation. The expenses incurred
in that defence and protection were national ex-
penses; and he would tell the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Ruggles] that, if he came here to claim re-
imbursement of the moneys expended in the main-
tenance of her boundary rights against a foreign
power, on the ground of its being a local object or
a State purpose, he would, in bis judgment, go
home without success. The worthy colleague of
the Senator [Mr. Williams] had taken the right
view of the subject. The resolution against the
assumption of the State debts contracted for local
objects and State purposes, had no reference to
such cases as the defence of a State against foreign
aggression.
Mr RUGGLES demanded the yeas and nays on
his amendment, but they were not ordered, and it
was negatived without a division.
The question was then taken on the first resolu-
tion, and it was agreed to—ayes 30, nay 1, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Andrson, Benton, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert,
Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, Henderson, Hubbard,
King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell,
Pierce, Prentiss, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Strange,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Wall, Williams, and Wright
—30.
NAY—Mr. Smith of Indiana—1.
The second resolution was then read as follows:
2. Resolved, That such assumption would be
highly inexpedient, and dangerous to the Union of
the States.
After some remarks from Mr. DIXON, it was
agreed to—ayes 28, noes 3, as fellows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert,
Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin,
Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Prentiss.Roane,
Robinson, Sevier, Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Wall, Wüliams, and Wright-88,
