240
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr- «arJinpM to order, and insisted that the
amendment of Mr. Pcruxnr was out of order, as
it had no relation to Mr. Fillmore's resolution, to
which it had been moved.
The SPEAKER replied that, on examination,
he fiad himself come to the sameconclusion; but as
action had since been had, it was now too late to
raise the question of order.
Mr. BELL contended that, as no decision had
jet teen had on the resolution or amendment, it
was not too late for the Chair to revise its decision.
Mr. TURNEY opposed t'tat view, and referred
to the previous practice of the House.
At this point, the morning hour having expired,
Mr. MONROE called for the orders of the day.
Mr. BELL said he should not appeal.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS still insisted that it
was not too late:
The question was now put on Mr. Rives's mo-
tion to suspend the rules, but it failed—yeas 110,
nays 94: (not two thirdsj
- [On the name of Mr. Everett being called, he
inquired whether the previous question was with-
drawn} The Speaker informed him it was not.
Mr. B. said, than I answer, no.]
The residuo of the day (it being now 2 o'clock)
was taken up in the discussion of a point of or-
der.
The Shaker, by general consent, bad presented
to the House a certain paper, understood to be tes-
timony relating to the contested election in New
Jersey, and which had boen referred, on motion, to
the Committee of Elections.
This having been done in the manner in which
communications on the Speaker's tableare usu-
ally disposed of, by a formal motion, indeed, but
without general attention having been called to the
import of the paper; and the Speaker being in the
act of paving to other business,
Mr. FILLMORE rose and called for the reading
efthe document, at the same time submitting a
motion that it he printed.
Mr. PETRIKIN objected.
The SPEAKER said the paper had already
been referred, and the motion of the gentleman
was not in order, except by general consent.
Mr. EVERETT suggested to Mr. Filuwore
that he could attain his object by moving a reconsi-
deration.
Mr. FILLMORE thereupon moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the paper bad been refer-
red. [This is a motion which, under the rule,
takes precedence of all other questions, except
a motion to adjourn.]
Mr. F. then proceeded to say. I suppose I am
not at liberty to say any thing of what took place
in the committee; but 1 take it for granted that I
may, by way of argument, speak, by supposition,
of any thing eke. I will suppose that there was a
committee in the British House of Commons on
the subject of an election—
■ Mr. PETRIKIN rose and inquired if the gentle-
man was in order in proceeding to debate his mo-
tion at this time?
The SPEAKER said the motion to reconsider
took precedence over all other motions.
Mr. PETIKIN. But not "the consideration of
the motion.
The SPEAKER said that the motion and the
consideration of the motion could not be separated.
Mr. PETRIKIN then submitted the point of or-
der, that ihe Speaker having announced the orders
of the day, (which were private bills,) a motion to
reconsider cosid not be .debated and considered,
sava by a vote of two-thirds.
The SPEAKER having ruled to the contrary,
and that the motion to reconsider was now before
the Hoase for consideration—
Mr. PETRIKIN appealed from the decision off
the Chair.
Mr. FILLMORE required that the gentleman's
point of order be reduced to writing, that it might
be entered on the journals.   He had been oftei*
enough put down, he said, by a mere numerical
force, in every thing which related to this New
Jersey election.     Gentlemen  on the other side
would hear nothing, see nothing, but would decide.
The SPEAKER called on Mr. Petrikim to re-
duce bis noint of order to writing; which was done, A
Much conversation ensued, and statements were
made by several gentlemen as to the state of the
facts, as set lorth in Mr. P's written point of or-
der.
When a motion was made by Mr. HOLLE-
MAN to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. RANDOLPH asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Much rapid and desultory conversation fol-
lowed.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired of the Chair whether
the motion to lay the appeal on the table, if it
should prevail, would carry with it the motion to
reconsider?
The SPEAKER said that, in his opinion, it
would.
Mr. FILLMORE said then the Speaker would
do indirectly that which he could not do directly.
A gentleman entitled to the floor might thus be cut
off in the midst of his remarks by a mere incidental
point of order, having no connection with the main
subject of debate.
The SPEAKER said a motion to lay on the ta-
ble was not debatable.
Mr. FILLMORE appealed from the decision of
the Chair, that the motion to lay the appeal on
the table, if it prevailed, carried with it the motion
to reconsider.
If such a construction of the rule was to be re-
cognised, (Mr. F. said,) every man here would
hold his right to the floor at the will of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr Petrikin ]
Mr. DAWSON said that, for the first time in
his life, he rose to a point of order.
The SPEAKER said he could entertain no more
questions of order till these pending were decided.
The appeal of Mr. Fillmore was then debated
briefly by Messrs. LEADBETrER, GRAVES,
ALFORD, BRH3GS, and BANKS.
After which Mr. BANKS moved to lay it upon
the table.
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
And the SPEAKER having stated the grounds
of his decision—
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay on the table the second appeal, to wit, the ap-
peal of Mr. Fillmore from the decision of the
Chair, that tbo motion to lay the first appeal on the
table, if it should prevail, would carry with it the
motion to reconsider.
And it was decided in the affirmative : Yeas 93,
nays 76.
So the second appeal was laid on the table.
[Under the decision of the Chair, as given above,
this vote wonld have taken with it the previous ap-
peal, and the motion to reconsider.   But]
Mr. FILLMORE rose and asked if he had a
right to proceed in his remaiks 1
The SPEAKER said the gentleman had not the
right.
Mr. FILLMORE then said he must, with all re-
spect for the Chair, take an appeal, which, at the
request of the Chair, was íedaced to writing as fol-
lows:
"Mr. Fillmore had the the floor, and was speaking
on a motion to reconsider a vate of the House.
He was called to order. The Speaker decided he
was in order; from this decision an appeal was
taken. A motion was then made to lay that ap-
peal on the table. On this a question was raised,
whether the motion to lay on the table was in
order? The Speaker decided it was, and on this
an appeal was taken. A motion was made to
lay this appeal on the table; which was put and
carried.
"The Speakxr then decided that the original
motion to reconsider is laid on the table, and that
Mr. Fillmore is deprived of his right to proceed
in the debate.
"From this decision Mr. Fillmore appeals, in-
sisting that the original judgment of the Chair
stands, as it is not reversed, and that he is entitled
to the floor, on the original motion to reconsider."
The appeal was debated at length by Mr. BAR-
NARD, (who suggested to Mr. Fillmore a modi-
fication of the¿form of his appeal,) and by Messrs.
POPE and PETRIKIN.
When Mr, PETRIKJN. moved the previous
question; but at the request of the Seaker, who
said that he had found a decision which seemed to
go against the one which he had fciven, withdrew
the motion.
The app*al was further debated by Messrs.
CLIFFORD, BRIGGS, and HOLLEMAN.
The SPEAKER then gave the floor to Mr.
ANDREWS of Kentucky, who yielded it, how-
ever, to enable the Speaker to make a statement.
The SPEAKER then cited a case which had oc-
curred to the Congress of 1834, [the particulars of
which the Reporter could distinctly hear,] in which
the then Speaker had decided that an appeal was
a separate and independent question. Tnere was
also, the Speaker said, a decision of his own, at
the present session, by which it had been decided
that the appeal was an independent quesli<n.
This certainly was opposed to his own views;
but, finding such a decision, and finding that
such had been the previous decisions, he felt
bound to conform to them, and must decide that
the question now before the House was on the
appeal of the gentleman lrom Pennsylvania.
This appeal (see above) was taken from a de-
cision of the Chair that the motion to reconii ler
could be debated and considered now, without a
vote of two-thirds.
And the immediately pending question thereon
was the motion submitted by Mr. Holleman that
the appeal do lie on the table.
Mr. TURNEY now moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr.TOLAND urged the gentleman to withdiaw
his motion, to enable him to offer a resolution.
Mr. TURNEY declining,
The question was taken and carried;
And the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, March 7,1840.
After the joarnal had been read,
Mr. DUNCAN inquired whether the report of
Committee of Elections on the New Jersey election,
with the resolution of Mr. Petrikin, was not the
grst business in order.
The SPEAKER.'responded that, in his opinion,
the first business in order was the appeal of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, in relation to papers
referred to the Committee of Eelections yesterday.
On motion of Mr. TOLAND, it was
Resolved, That the use of this hall be allowed
for an exhibition of .he pupils of the Pennsylvania
Institution for the education of the Blind, under
the direction of Dr. Thomas Rhoads, Principal of
the Institution, on Monday morning next, from 10
to 12 o'clock.
Mr. MONTGOMERY gave notice, in writing,
that he would offer the following amendment to the
126th rule of the House: " Strike out all from the
word ' therefor,' in said rule, to the end thereof."
The rule now stands as follows:
" No standing rule or order of this House shall
be rescinded or changed without a day's notice be-
ing given of the motion therefor; nor shall any
rule be suspended, except by a vote of at least
two thirds of the members present. Nor shall the
order of business, as established by the rules of the
House, be postponed or changed, except by a vote
of at least two-thirds of the members present."
Should the rule be amended, it will read as fol-
lows:
"No standing rule or order of the House shall
be rescinded or changed without one day's notice
being given of the motion therefor."
This amendment is intended to give a majority
of the people's representatives on this floor, at
all times, the power to proceed to the transaction
of the important public business of the country,
and to expunge from our rules (as I believe) that
most unjust and tyrannical rule which begins,
"Two-thirds of the people's representatives to
transact the most important public business of this
nation, except at particular limes and under par-
ticular circumstances."
The SPEAKER then announced the business
before the Hoase to be the appeal of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr, Petrikin,] from a
decision of the Chair on yesterday, " that the mo-
fe.
*
