CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a 53
Ohio county; from Rlixabethtown, in the county of Marshal,
State of Virginia, via Noble Fork, to Middlebum, in the county
of Tyler, from Middlebum, in the county of Tyler, to the North-
western Turnpike, at Mr. Hakim's; from Evansville, in Pros-
ton county, Virginia, to Murgaatown, in the county of Monon-
gahela, Virginia.
On mouoo of Mr HOPKINS,
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to inquire
•ad report to this House whether any of us officers, and, it any,
who ate engaged, or many wwe concerned as agenta for the
prosecution of priTate claims against the Government; and
also, whether any, and ll any, what malpractices exist in the
bestowal of the subordínate office  of the House, and wheth-
er there may not be a reduction in the number of persons em-
ployed therein, without prejudice to the business ol the House
of Representatives.
Onmotion of Mr D D. WAGENER,
.Reserved; That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to this House hispían, in detail, for the reorganiza-
tion ef the mihuaot the United States.
On motion of Mr. HENRY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Poet Office and Pos
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot establish!
log a mail route flora the town of Mercer county, Pennsylva-
nia, by the way of Greenfield, to the village of Middle  x in,
said county, a distance of about sixteen miles.
On motion of Mr. HAMMOND,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing Charles
Holmes, who enlisted in the army in January, 1811, and served
throughout the war, a tract of bounty land.
On motion of Mr. TIOOK,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of making an appropria-
tion for the erection of guard fences on the Cumberland road
east of the Ohio river, and of refunding to the commissioners
of Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Virginia, the sums advanced
by them, out of the tolls received, for the comp'etiooef the toll-
house and tailgates on said road, and that House document No.
134, second session ol Twenty fifth Congress, be referred to said
committee.
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
he directed to inquire into the expediency of granting a pension
to John Hoooer, a Revolutionary soldier.
Oa motion of Mr. JENIFER,
Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate
to this House, such correspondence as may have been had upon
the subject of the tobacco trade between the United States and
fereign countries, together with such other information as may
be on file in the Department in relation to the same, which
may not be improper to communicate; also, to inform this
House whether any, and what modifications have been made in
the high duties and restrictions upon the staple of tobacco in
foreign countries since the adoption of the resolution of the
House of Representatives on that subject, of 28th February,
1837.
Ob motion of Mr. PETRIKIN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims he
instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting to the suf-
ferers at Wyoming valley, Pennsylvania, during the Revolu-
tionary war, and their heirs, an indemnity in land to compénsate
them for their losses at that time and during said Revolutiona-
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting An-
drew Loskey a pension for Revolutionary services.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing sspost road between Newport and Juniata, in the
county of Perry, State of Pennsylvania.
Oa motion of Mr. LEET,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a direct post route from Steubenvilte, in Ohio, via Elders-
viBe, Cross Creek Village, to Washington, Pennsylvania
Resolved, That the Committee on toe Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing anew cross mail route from Cannonsburg, in Washington
county, Pennsylvania, via Thompsonville, Bowerhill, Fin-
leyville, and Mantown, to the Washington and Bedford turn-
pike road at McCullogh's Store.
Resolved, That the Committee on theJPoet Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a new mail route from Pittsburg, in Pennsylvania, to Mor-
gantown, in Virginia.
Mr. SIMONTON submitted the following, which, under the
rote, lies over
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the act enti
tied "an act to provide for the belter security ef the lives of
passengers on board of vessels propelled, in whole or in part,
by steam," approved July 7, 1838, as that iron wire ropes or
chains shall be employed and used in the navigation of all steam
boats and steam vessels, instead ef wheel or tiller ropes, as
well those navigating rivers ss lakes and seas.
On motion ofMr./D. D. WAGENER,
Resolved, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to the reorganization of the militia, be referred to the Com-
mittee en the Militia            ____
On motion of Mr. BREWSTER,
Resolved, That the Committee' on (Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of allowing a pen-
sion to Penelope Plunket, on account of Revolutionary services
rendered by her former husband, Joseph Davis.
On motion of Mr. J SMITH,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be, in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reviving and con-
tinuing in force the provisions of the second section of an act
passed March 3,1817, entitled "An act to continue in force an
act entitled an act further to provide for the collection of duties
on imports and tonnage, passed the 3d day of March, 1815, and
for other purposes."
On motion of Mr CaRR,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing* mail route, commencing at Canton, in Washington
county, Indiana, thence to Sage1  Ferry, on theMueeacalac, and
thence to Rackford, in Jackson county, Indiana.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be tostrocrtd to inquire into the expediency of eetabUah-
mg a mail route, commencing at Paris, Jennings county, In-
diana, thence to the Slate Ford, in Jackson county, thence via
Little York, New Philadelphia, Canton, to Salem, in Washing-
ton county, Indiana.
«e«oJt>ea\ That the Committee of Claims be intructed to
inquire into the expediency of amending the act entitled "An
act to provide lor the payment of horses and other propel ty lost
or destroyed in the service of the United States, approved Ja-
nuary 16, 1827," so as to provide for the payment for horses and
other property of the Rangers during the late war and smce,
raised by acts of Congress, lost while in the service of the United
States, in caaea wheie the loss sustained was not by any fault or I
negligence on the part of the owner.
On submituog.the foregoing resolution, Mr. Cars, remarked '
that, when the law or Congress passed in the year 1837, pro- |
viding for the payment of horses and other property lost or de- '
strayed in the service of the United States, that it was thought
the law was broad enough to embrace the claims of the class
named in his resolution, and in accordance to that under-
standing of the law many of the claimants forwarded their re-
spective claims for horses, «fcc. lost whilst in the service of their
country,  the proper officer of the War Department for adjust-
ment, which officer was of opinion, and so decided, that the act
of January 18,1837, did not authorize him :o pay the claims of
the description named in the resolution. Mr. C. remarked that
there was merit in the claims he proposed to provide for, and
hoped there would be no objection made to them. His object
was to make the law more clear and explicitin regard to the ad-
justment of those claims. There being no objection, his reso-
lution was adopted.
Mr. WELI.ER submitted the following, which, under the
rule, lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Columbia
be instructed to bring tn a bill to prohibit the establishment of
lottery offices and the vending of lottery tickets in said Dis-
trict.
On motion of Mr JOHN DAVIS of Pennsylvania,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
pensions laws of the United States, as to include the widows
and all officers and soldiers who have been killed, or who have
died, or been disabled in the service of the United States in the
late war with Great Britain.
On motion of Mr. BARNARD,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to report
to this House the surveys and estimates of expense made by
Captain Cram, or otherwise made under the orders of the En-
gineer or Topographical Bureau, for the construction of a hir-
bor at Racine, in the Territory of Wisconsin, and for the con-
struction of any other hartoror harbors on the western shore
of Lake Michigan        _____
On motion of Mr. CHITTENDEN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta
Wishing a new pest road from Carthage, through Great Bend,
LeRoysvilIe, Evans's Mills, Shartyville, and Lafargeville, to
Clayton, in the county of Jefferson, and State of New York
Mr. MONROE offered the following; which, under the rule,
lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District for Columbia,
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of reporting a bill
to cause the Pennsylvania avenue to be lighted, and, also, to
cause it to be watered during all or part ef the spring or sum-
mer.
On motion of Mr. GATES,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
pension of Mrs. Lydia Hoard, also of Jacob Jackson of New
York.
On motion of Mr. HOFFMAN,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to this House copies of the correspondence on
file in his office,'between Admiral Baudin of the French Na-
vy, and Commodqre W. B. Shubrtck of the United States Na-
vy, Pensacola, during the months of June and July last.
On motion of Mr. CURTIS.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing, by law, for the use
ef Greenough's chemical oil in the light-houses of the United
States.
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of gianting a pen-
sion to Mary Knapp, for the Revolutionary services of her hus-
band, now deceased.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of granting to S and F Dorr
and Company, a return of duties alleged to have been illegally
exacted by the late collector of New York, and paid by them
upon the entry of sundry importations on silk twist.
On motion of Mr RUSSELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Offices and Post
Roads be instructed to inqu ire into the expediency of auihoi-
izing, bv law, the superintendent of common schools, or prin-
cipal officer in any State having charge of its common schools,
to transmit and receive by mail, free of postage, all official
communications relating to the subject of primary education
On motion of Mr. MITCHELL,
Resolved, Thai ihe Committee on the Judiciary be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of fixins an earlier day for the
meeting of the next session of the present Congress than that
now provided by law.
On motion of Mr. C. H WILLIAMS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of adding Memphis (Tennessee)
as an additional point for erecting a Marine Hospital to the
number already selected by the Board of Commissioners ap-
pointed by Congress to locate hospitals upon the Western
waters.
Mr. MILLER offered the following resolutions, which lie
over under the rule:
Whereas the obstruction or raft that has been formed by the
deposite of floating timber, in the St. Francis river, in its course
through the southeastern section of the State of Missouri, and
the northeastern of that of the State of Arkansas, causes the
annual overflow or inundation, by that river; of more, it is be-
lieved, than one million of acres of the most fertile and desira-
ble lands in the West, if reclaimed; which lands are entirely
owned by the General Government, but from those inundations
the respective portions of the two States above mentioned are,
to a great extent, rendered uninhabitable, and the healthiness of
tl  country t  greatly unpaired thereby. Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary ol War be authorized, and he
is herehy instructed, to cause an examination to be made, by a
competent officer of the Engineer Department, in the course
of the ensuing summer, and that he report to the next session of
the Twenty sixth Cougress whether it be practisable to remove
said raft or obstructions; and ir, In his opinion, practicable, that
he furnish also an estimate of the sum which it would proba-
bly require to effect such removal
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
required to continue and report upon the expediency of making
an adequate appropriation to enable the Secretary of War to
carry the provisions of the foregoing resolution tntoefiect.
Mr. DOTY* offered the following, which lies over.
Resolved, That the Secretary ol War be directed to commu-
nicate to this House what measures have been adopted for the
defence of ihe Northern frontier of the United States,'OR the Lake
border and along the boundary between the United States, and
the Indian tribes east of the Mississippi, whether many Indians
are not removing from the American to the British territory, and
new military works being constructed and garrisoned with
regular and milma troops by the English Government on that
frontier, and the numbers of each, what are the defences and
force which the Uhited States have opposed thereto, and where
situated; and whether any further appropriations or provisions
by law are required to be made by the election of posts, the
construction of steam frigates, tho opening of military roads,
or the formation ol military settlements lor the more effectual
protection of the American territory against British or Indian
invasion.
On motion of Mr DOTY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of carrying into effect
the resolution of Congress of the 3d ol March, 1905, by whieh
the President was requested to cause a sword to be presented
to each of the commissioned officers and midshipmen, who
distinguished themselves in the several attacks on the town
batteries, and naval force of Tripoli, in the year 1804.
On motion of Mr CHAPMAN of Alabama,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed to inform
thia House what progress has been made in the settlement of
the claims for horses lost during the late hostilities with the
Creek and Seminole Indians in Alabama and Florida, by the
Alabama volunteers, particularly those under the command
of Colonel Caulfield, filed in 1837, and those under the com-
mand of Colonel Snodgrass, filed in 1838, also to inform this
House what has caused the delay in the settlement of said
claims.
On motion of Mr. R GARLAND,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to commu-
nicate to this House tiiet reasons why a military post has not
been established on or near the western boundary of the State
of Louisiana, between the Sabine and Red rivers; and also all
document, papers, and information in the Department in rela-
tion to the establishment of such post
Mr CUSH1NG submitted the following, which, undfr the
rule, lies over                                                        f.
Resolred¡ That the President of the United States be re-
quested (if, in his opinion, compatible with the public interest)
to communicate to the House any information in possession of
the Government, respecting the assemblage of Indians on the
Northwestern fiontier, and especially as to the interference of
the officers or agents of any foreign power with the Indians of
the United States in the vicinity of the Great Lakes.
On motion of Mr. DAWSON,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested, as soon
as he can conveniently,to lay before this House the claims of the
State of Georgia against the United State*, for payments made
fir military services rendered by the militia and volunteers of
that Stale, during the Seminole, Cherokee, and Creek cam-
paigns, during the years 1835, esc. and which said claims were
presented lor payment to the Secretary of War, by Iverson L.
Harris, esq. during the year 1838; and that the Secretary accom-
pany said claims with such views as he may deem due to the
State, with the reason why said claims could not be paid, under
existing laws.
On motion of Mr. LINCOLN,
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to in-
form this House on what terms, and especially at what rent,
the building now occupied for the accommodation of the city
post office is hired by the Government, whether the same, or
any part thereof, is, in any degree, fire-proof, or whether the
building is not peculiarly exposed to the hazard pf fire, from its
proximity to structures of wood and large masses of combusti-
ble matter; what was the rent paid lor the building from
which the city post office was recently removed, and what the
causes for such removal; and that he further suite whether the
plan upon which the building for the Gereral Post Office is
now being constructed, will admit of the convenient accommo-
dation of the city post office, or if, when that building shall be
completed, upon us present plan, it will continue to be neces-
sary for the Government to hire, or to construct, a new edifice
for the safely of the mails while remaining in the office,atid the
convenient transaction of the business in that branch of the
service.
Mr DUNCAN offered the following, which being objected
to, lies over                      *
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be instructed
to inquire into the propriety andexpediency of purchasing, for
the use of the General Government, Catlin's collection of
Indian curiosities
Mr. HABERSHAM submitted the following, which lies
over:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary do inquire
into the necessity or expediency of so amending the Constitution
of the United States, as that the same shall define and prescribe
the ev idence upon which persons claiming to be members of the
House of Representatives of the Unted Stales, shall take their
seats in the House, and be entitled to exercise the privileges of
members, until after the organization of the House, and an in-
vestigation and report by the Standing Committee of Elections,
on hit right or claim to such seat, and a final decision of the
House on such report.
On motion of Mr GOGGIN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Expenditures
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of reducing the
contingent expenses of the House of Representatives, and of ail
the Departments of the Sovernment.
On motion of Mr LOWELL,                               ..,„, ,^i
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be lnstruciea
to inquire into the expediency and propriety of authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to purchase of the county of Hen,
