254
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cock, in the Sute of Maine, for the use of the United States,
three-fourth parts of the fire proof building, situate in Castine,
in said county, and now owned in common by the United States
and said county.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency and propriety of erecting a light
house at Little river harbor, in the town of Cutler, in the State
of Maine.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
te inquire into the expediency and propriety of establishing a
port of entry at Brooksville, in the county of Hancock and State
ef Maine, within the district of Penobscot, and of providing by
law for the appointment of some person as inspector and depu-
ty collector, with a suitable salary, who shall reside at Buck's
harbor, in said Brooksville.
.Retorced, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency and propriety of establishing a
port of enuy at Cherry field, in the county of Washington an*
State of Maine, within the district of Machias, and of provid-
ing, by law, for the appointment of some person as inspector
and deputy collector, with a suitable salary, who shall reside at
■aid Cherryfield.
Mr. DOWNING, of Florida, submitted the following, which
lies over:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House he directed to contract
with Mr. Stone, who engraved the military map of Florida,
compiled under the direction of General Taylor, to furnish 5,000
additional copies of said map for the use of this House.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON submitted the following, which
was objected to, and lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to inform
this House to what instance in which Congress has refused the
necessary appropriations for the prosecution of the war in Flo-
rid!, be alludes, in the following passage of his letter to Gover-
nor call, bearing date the 20th June, 1838,-
"ll (the Department) is still further restricted by the means to
provide for but a limited force, as it is with the greatest difficul-
ty that appropriations can be obtained of Congress for even the
smallest possible force necessary for the execution of its duty
of protecting the inhabitants of Florida or elsewhere."
Mr. STANLY submitted the following, which was ob-
jected to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of toe Treasury be directed to
pay to the States the fourth instalment due them under the act
of July, 1836, whenevei there is sufficient money in the Trea-
sury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. ATHERTON submitted the following, which was ob-
jected to, aod lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of abolishing the United
Slates Military Academy at West Point.
Mr. S. H. BUTLER submitted the following, which was ob-
jected to, and lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Nary be requested to
communicate to this House his opinion of the expediency of
the immediate establishment of a dry dock and naval depot at
PensaeoJa, Florida, and any information in his possession upon
the subject.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following, which, being ob-
jected to, lies over.
Whereas, by the Sob-Treasury bill, the President and his
party propose to receive nothing in payment for public lands
but gold and silver, and whereas, in the Staie of Illinois and
other new States, the amount of money paid into the Treasury
for public lands amounted to the sum of five millions four hun-
dred and seventeen thousand two hundred and eighty six dollars
and thirty-one cents, for tas year 1839; and whereas, also, it is
probable that the same amount will be received by the Treasury
in payment of public lands for the year 1840; and whereas,
also, the Secretary of the Treasury has omitted to make any
estimate for any of the public works in the West, and, as we
hare a right to infer from this that it is the policy of the Presi-
dent and his party, that all such works shall be stopped; and
that, in consequence thereof, the Government will cease to ex-
pend upon these works any part of the moneys collected in the
West; and whereas, aleo, ia consequence of the above recited
measures of the President and his party, the West will be
greatly oppressed, its specie drained off, and transported to
fiose pails where the Government is making its expenditures,
and in particular that the settlers on the public lands, who hold
their lands by the right of pre-emption, will, by the operation of
the above recited measures, be rendered unable to procure the
specie, aod thus be unable to save their homes—therefore
Be it resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be
directed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill put-
ting off all sales of public lands until the 4th of March, 1841.
Mr. CASEY offered the following resolution; which, being
objected to, lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of passing a uniform law con-
cerning bankruptcies, particularly those of corporations and
other bankers.
Mr. SMITH of Maine submitted the following, which was ob-
jected to, and lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs inquire
into the expediency of increasing the pay of non-commissioned
officers and privates in the army.
Mr, REYNOLDS submitted the following, which lies over:
Resolved,  That the Secretary of War be instructed to cause
a surrey and estimates to be made for the continuation of the
Cumberland road from Vandalia, by Greenville, to Alton, in the
Bute of Illinois.
Mr. CRABB submitted the following, which lies over:
Resolved, That, with the consent of the Senate,  the two
Houses of Congress will adjourn sine die on the first iday oí
May next.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana submitted the following, which was ob-
jected to, and under the rule lies over;
Resolved, That on Thursday next, at one o'clock, this House
will proceed to dispose of the question of instructing the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report a bill for the continuation
of the Cumberland road; and also to receive such petitions as
•hall not give rise to debate.
Mr. 8ALTON8TALL submitted the following, which, be-
ing objected to, lies over:
Whereas, five persons duly returned as members of this
House by the Executive department of the State o( New Jer-
sey, in pursuance of the laws of said State, have not been per-
mitted to take their seau in this House, according (o invariable
■«age heretofore, on the alleged ground that certain other per-
son were wppoeed to have had a majority o( rotes at the polls, '
whether said votes were legal or not; and although part of said
votes were not only returned to the said Executive department,
according to the laws of said State, and were therefore not
counted by the «aid Executive; and whereas it is important
that each State should be at all times represented in this House,
according to its constitutional rights; therefor ,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing, by law, for the
manner of holding elections for Representatives, and of making
returns of said elections.
Mr. BURKE submitted the following, which, being objected
to, lies over:
Resolved, That a select committee, to be composed of one
member from each State of this Union, be appointed to inquire
into the expediency of removing the seat of Government to some
suitable location on the Ohio river, and that said committee be
authorized to correspond, during the recess of Congress, with
the Governors of the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Ken-
tucky, with a view to the selection of a suitable site for the seat
of Government; and that said committee be directed to report
the result of their inquiries and their conclusions to this House
at the commencement of the next session of Congress.          "
Resolved, further, That Congress has no constitutional
power to appropriate the revenues of the General Government
derived from the customs, the public domain, or from other
sources, for any object in the District of Columbia, except tor
the erection of public buildings, the repair and improvement of
the public propsrty situated within the limits of said District,
and for the necessary expenses of the Government.
Resolved, further, That Congress has powerto authorize the
people of the District of Columbia to levy taxes upon them-
selves, for all local and municipal purposes; and that when mo-
ney is required for such purposes such authority should be
forthwith eranted.
Mr. TILLING HAST submitted the following, which, being
  objected to, lies over.
Whereas examinations and surveys have heretofore been
made in the Narragansett bay, in Rhode Island, with a view to
military and naval establishments, and reports have been made
to the Navy Department, and communicated to Congress, con-
taining evidence of the fitness and advantages of a place upon
the waters of the bay for a naval depot:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States in Congress assembled. That «lie Seereta-
ry of the Navy, as soon as may be, cause such further exami-
nations and surveys to be made as are, in his opinion, necessa-
ry for ascertaining the fitness and the relative advantages or
disadvantages of a place in the said Narragansett bay for a na-
val establishment, yard, and depot, on shore, and the best loca-
tion thereof in said bay, with estimates of probable expense;
and that said estimates and the reports of said examinations and
surveys, when made, and all such evidence as is now, or may
then be, in possession of his Department, as to such fitness and
advantages, or disadvantages, be, by the said Secretary com-
municated to Congress as soon as may be, with such viewsand
opinions as he may deem important.
Resolved further, That for canying this resolution into ef.
feet, there be appropriated the sum of one thousand dollars,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER of Kentucky,
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of confirming the title
of George B. Steele, of Boone county, Kentucky, to a tract of
land containing one hundred and fifty-seven and 37-110 acres,
entered by him in the Fayetteville land effice, in tho State of
Arkansas, and for which he has paid.
On motion of Mr. CRARY,
Resolved, That the President of the United Stales be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if compatible-with the
public service, whether the Government of Great Britain has
expressed to the Government of the United States a desire to
annul the arrangement entered into between the two Govern-
ments in the month of April, 1817, respecting the naval force
tobe maintained upon the American Lakes; and that if said ar-
rangement be not annulled, whether there has been any viola-
tion of the same by the authorities of Great Britain.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs inquire into
the expediency of making an appropriation to enable the Go-
vernment to make a treaty with the Chippewa Indians for the
purchase of their lands bordering on Lake Superior, in the State
of Michigan.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the laws
in regard to writs of error and appeals, as to permit parties to
sue out and prosecute writs of error and take appeals, upon
giving security for costs only, where they are unable to give
other security; the writs of error and appeals in such cases
not to operate as a supersedeas.
On motion of Mr. HABERSHAM,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of admitting steam vessels or
boats built of iron, in countries beyond the limits of the United
States, and owned by citizens of the United States, to all the
privileges of vessels built in the United States.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER of Ky.
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of restoring to Mrs.
Frances L. Piatt, only daughter of Colonel William Piatt, an
invalid pensioner.the pension relinquished by him to the Govern-
ment, but which he subsequently devised to his said ?daughter;
and that the will of Colonel Piatt, and papers on file in the
pension office, berefeired to said committee.
Resolved, That the Committee on Private land Claims be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of granting to Andrew
Johnson of Scott county, Kentucky, any military bounty lands
to which Capt. John Johnson of the Virginia line of the Re vol u
tion, may be entitled; sne1 that an official transcript of the papers
filed by him in the Executive Department of Virginia in sup-
port of his claim, be referred to said committee.
The following resolutions, offered by Mr. EVANS on the 10th
of February, and laid on the table, were taken up, read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Reslved, That the President be requested to communicate to
the House whether any, and, if any, what, measures have been
taken, since the rejection of the recommendation of the King of
Holland of a new line of boundary between the United States
and the Province of New Brunswick, to obtain information in
respect to the topography of the territory in dispute, by surrey
or explanation of the same on the part of the United States
alone. Also, whetiter any measures hare been adopted whereby
the accuracy of the surrey lately made under the authority of
the British Government, when communicated, may be tested or
"Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate
to the House copies of the arrangement.entered[into between
the Governor of Maine and Sir John Harvey, Lieutenant Go.
vernor of New Brunswick, through the mediation of Major
General Scott, in the month of March last, together with copies
of the instructions given to General Scott, and of all correspond-
ence with him relating to the subject of controversy between the
State of Maine and the Province of New Brunswick.
On motion of Mr. CURTIS,                            ,....,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce bs instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation to
purchase a lot of land on the eastern side of the New Yoik Cus-
tom house, for the purpose of light and ventilation.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of extending the privileges of drawback, and
abolishing distinctions in ports of entry. Also, to inquire woe-
ther it be expedient to establish by law a system of warehous-
ing imported merchandise.
On motion of Mr. E. DAVIES,                   .„.,,,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings, and
Grounds inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
to defray the expenses of enclosing, levelling, draining, and put-
ting under grass the public ground west of the Capitol and east
of the Potomac.
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds inquire into the expediency of removing the naval mo-
nument from (he western front of the Capitol, and erecting it in
some more suitable position.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bediiectedto
report to this House a statement of all the public moneys of the
United States invested in the stocks of the several States, spe
cifying the amount invested in the stocks of each State, the
authority by which each investment was made, the terms and
rate of interest of each contract, the security received for pay-
ment of interest and principal of each debt, the rate per centum
given in the purchase of the bonds, and the market value of the
said bonds at the times of the respective investmenis and at the
present time.
Mr. McKAY submitted the following, which, under the
rule, lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of passing a uniform law
concerning bankruptcies, particularly those ol corporations and
other bankers.
On motion of Mr. RANDALL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting a pen-
sion to Lucy Whitmore,of the county bf Lincoln and State of
Maine, widow of Andrew Whitmore, a soldier ef the Revolu-
tion.
On motion of Mr. CLIFFORD,
'Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and justice of granting
a pension to George Whittler, for injuries received in the late
war with Great Britain.
On motion of Mr. JAMESON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a post road from Massie's Iron Works, by the Pinay Row
Mills, John Busden's, and Grisley's, to Forsyth, county seat of
Taney county, Mo.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN, of Iowa,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of of causing to be surveyed
the Northern boundary of the Sac and Fox half-breed tract, so
as to enable the judicial authority of Iowa to cause partition
thereof to be made.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands (inquire
into the expediency of extending the pre-emption laws so as
to include prairie and timbered land in the said grant.
On motion of Mr. FISHER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a post route
from Lexington, in Davidson county, Noun Carolina, to Mocka-
rille, to Davis county, in said State.
On motion of Mr. LUCAS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
pension of John Grimm.
On motion of Mr. BANKS,
Resolved, That the. Committee of Ways and Means bs in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ,of providing, by law,
that any postmaster, collector, or receiver of public moneys,
who shall fail to settle or make returns of his official acts at the
time in the mode prescribed by law, it shall be the duty of the
officer having charge or management of the Department to
which such settlements or returns are required to be made, to
givenotive forthwith to the security or securities, of such de-
linquency or default.
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Maine,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of placing buoys or spindles apon Taylor's
Ledge, Broad Cove Rock, Trundy's Reef, and Coon Wand
Ledge, in and neat the harbor of Portland, in Maine.
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
inquire into the expediency of placing the name of Abigail
York upon the list of pensioners under the act of July 7,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed to
inquire into the expediency of reporting a resolve in favor of
John Phroof, of Bristol, Maine, forllie amount of fishing bounty
upon schooner Pacific.
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of gianting a pension to Polly
Clough, under the act ol March 3,1837, entitled "An act for the
more equitable administration of the Navy Pension Fund."
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Columbia
inquire into the expediency of granting to the Potomac and Al-
leghany Canal and Iron ManufacturingCompany, power to own
and hold land in said District.
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensiona
inquire into the expediency of placing the name of Wm. Wal-
lace, of Phipsburg, Maine, upon the list of Revolutionary pen-
sioners.
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pension* in-
quire into the expediency of allowing to Ebenezer Stow, of
Gosham, Maine, hie pension from March 4,1820, to March 3,
