seo
GOÑORÉS8IONAL GLOBE.
2S
zses
Mr. R. GARLAND moved to amend the resolution to print,
so as to include some additional evidence, which had been re-
ceived since the former report of the committee had been
made.
Mr. CAMPBKLL felt himself called upon to say that the re-
port and papersnoaj moved to be printed by the committee,
contained all the testimony and all tha statements of the parties
which bad been laid before the committee previa us to the adop-
tion of the report. He thought, inasmuch as the other papers,
which the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Garland] proposed
to bare presented, were never before the committee, it would
be very irregular to do so, and especially as the question to
which they related, bad not been reported on by the com-
nines.
Mr. C. inquired of the Chair whetlier.it was in order to amend
as proposed.
The CHAIR replied that it was in order to amend, as pro-
poeed by the gentleman from Louisiana, but that it would be
la order so to amend as to call upon the committee for other
testimony.
Mr- R- OAKLAND then proposed to amend the resolution
by addrng thereto the following:
''And that said committee be instructed te report the evi-
dence referred ton on the 6th instant, and that the same be
printed;*'
So as to include in the motion to print; the evidence recently
received, and which had been referred to the committee on
Friday.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections [Mr. Campbbll] whether he had reported
to the House this evidence which it is proposed to print; and
whether it is not a part of evidence that is now being taken
for (he purpose of purging the polls; and upon which the
committee have yet to report under the resolution of tha
Uouse.
Mr. CAMPBELL replied that it had not been repotted by the
committee; and was a part of the evidence they have yet to act
upon, with the view to determine the ultimate right to seats.
It was not a part of the testimony on which the committee had
decided the primo facie right to the return.
Mr. BOTTS begged leave to sute that since the testimony
was taken, there had been a meeting of the committee, called
expressly lor the pareóse of considering it, and it refused to do
ao. He understood that this committee was discharged from
the further consideration of the New Jersey question until such
time as they should make application for their seats He would
vote that every particle of this evidence should be published.
He did hope that the amendment would prevail, and that the
truth, the whole truth, and nothing bat the truth, should go to
the country.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut did not understand that there
was any necessity for the House making an order on the sub-
ject. Ifhe was not mistaken, the House had already authorized
the committee to publish all the papers which it might see fit
to have published. He wished to throw no obstacle in the
way of printing, if it was thought necessary and proper to
print. At one stage of this question, H bad been his desire that
alt the papers and testimony should be printed, and laid befare
the Mouse, to enable it to act nnderstandiagry on the question
which was decided on yesterday. Since the question had been
decided before the testimony was printed, he had become totally
indifferent whether it be now printed or not. The House
should understand that there was connected with the report
of the majority of die committee only a part of the testimony,
viz: ao much of it a  the chairman might deem material in or-
der to support the report; and now the chairman had moved te
print the residue. In tus way the whole of the testimony would
come before the House; a part of it connected with the report,
and a part not. No portion of this latter part of the evidence
had been read in the House or printed, tut the House had been
b-ought up to the question without a single man knowing what
the testimony did contáis. Now, after a decision had been had
in the dark, and the proofbad not even been read, it was pro-
pose I to print it; and to what purpose? A considerable portion
of the proof was referred to in the report of the majority, and a
considerable portion of what was now proposed to be printed
had been rejected by theeommittee, as would appear from their
journal, on the ground of defect in the time of notice. As to the
new deposition  alluded to in (he amendment of the gentleman
from Louisiana, it was merely a substitute for what had been
before defective in form. Mr. 8. «aid he had no objection to the
printing, provided the testimony and journal were to be printed
entire; buthe claimed that the bundle of testimony recently
referred to the committee by the House should be printed along
with the rest.
Mr. RIVES observed that (he minds of gentlemen, it seemed,
had undergone a very great change within a day or two past.
He hoped that it would be recollected by the House that more
than a fortnight ago, he made the proposition that all the pa-
pers on this question should be printed for the use of the mem-
bers of the House.   He had made this proposition a fortnight
ago, after having informed the gentlemen associated with him
on the committee of his intention of doing so, having failed to
get the motion which be made in the committee carried, to in-
struct their chairman to move for the printing of these papers.
This was refused.   He went further.   He made a motion to
print, in the absence of the parties, who had gone on to New Jer-
sey to take testimony, in pursuance of the resolution of the com-
rnutee,allthe testimony that bad been taken.in order that it might
be in possession of every member of this Hot.se, and that they
might act with a full understanding of the subject, when the
time limited by the •ommhtes should expire.   This was also
refused.   He hoped the House would recollect that a few days
afterwards the chairman of the committee [Mr. Caxpbbu, of
South Carolina] made a proposition to have all tfie papers
hearing on the case, together with the report, printed.   The
chairman did not atop here.   He also made a proposition to
hare other papers printed—papers connected with the issue to
be fried by the House next  April, when  the parties return
with   the   evidence   purging the polls.      What  was  the
course of  the   gentleman   from   Connecticut  [Mr.  Smith]
on this  motion?     What   was   the course of the Opposi
tion generally?    They refused the   printing   of  these   pa-
pers.   Not on* of these gentlemen thought proper to trust the
chairman of the committee with sufficient respect to print his
report, with the evidence that he had collected.   It would also
fca recollected, that on Friday last, in a becoming spirit of fair-
ness, .he sobmitted a motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of (tie subject until Tuesday, making it the special order of
th*day,aad to continue as such until disposed of; and, in the
■aeaa tarn, wbat-fcrtfcer dWbe propose should be doaet Why,
that all the evidence on both sides should he printed. What
did the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Smith] do? Did he,
and those gentlemen who, with him, were the advocates of the
great powers of the certificate and seal of the Governor of New
Jersey to return members to this House—did they accept this
fair and reasonable proposition? No, sir; they refused it.
There were a few exceptions, to be sure, but very few of the
Opposition would go with him and his friends to hare these
papers printed, and therefore they could not get a vote of two-
thirds, which was necessary to have it dose. Although we had
a majority, said Mr. R. we had not two-thirds, and consequent-
ly could not Jet the printing urdcied. He had beeu anxious
from the beginning that all the facts in relation to this matter
should be printed, so that the House might act understanding^,
when it acted at all. But what was the course of gentlemen in
the Opposition yesterday? His colleague [Mr. Botts] came for-
ward with a proposition to let in the minority report, for the
purpose of having it printed. This was belore the report of
the majority was acted on, and after the printing of it had been
refused. Gentlemen then proposed to nave this minority re-
port acted on, when they had refused to print the report of the
majority.
What did the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. R. Garland]
piopose to do now ? 1'p t« this time, for two weeks had that
gentleman been voting against the printing of these papers for
the purpose of getting information on a subject on which they
were to act immediately, and yet this morning be desired to
hare printed matters connected with the issue to be settled, per-
haps, some two or three months hence.                   1
Mr. R. GARLAND replied that he would like the gentleman
to show when he had voted against printing, save when the
shameless proposition had been made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr.C. Johnson.] to take the whole of the testimony
out of the hands of the committee.
Mr.RIVES continued. It is very far from my intention to mis-
represent any gentleman on this floor; and, if I am convinced
that I do misrepresent,! retract what I have said Have I (asked
he) misrepresented the gentleman in saying that he refused to
vote for a suspension of the rules to print these papers?
Mr. GARLAND said he had, when it was proposed to print
only a part of the testimony, and such part £ s might suit the
views of the chairman of the committee.
Mr. RIVES. Then I have not done the gentleman injustice.
I have stated his course correctly; and yet he comes forward
with a proposition to print papers that never were before the
committee, and to print papers on which no action is to take
place, till the parties return from New Jersey, after purging the
polls. Can the gentleman complain about printing now? Can
the House order these papers to be printed, without a disre-
gard to its rules? Can it do so when the chairman of the com-
mittee has told you that these papers were i ot considered in
committee, and were not, therefore, reported on? and this, too,
in the absence of the parties litigant, who have gone on to New
Jersey, under the authority of the committee, to collect coun-
teracting testimony? Did the gentleman desire to forestall
public opinion in relation to the facts stated in these papers,
when the adverse party is in New Jersey, taking testimony to
counteract them?
The SPEAKER requested the gentleman to suspend his re-
marks while he informed the gentleman from Louisiana that
bis motion was not in older while these papers were m posses-
sion of the committee.
Mr. R. GARLAND. Then I will modify my motion so as
to discharge the committee from the further consideration of
the papers.
Mr. RIVES said the gentleman had no right to make a mo-
tion of that kind at this time.
Mr. GARLAND. Very well; then I will make it as soon as
it shall be in order.
Mr. RIVES continued. If it be the wish of gentlemen to re-
call the parties from New Jersey, and say that they will then
try and determine this case on its merits with the evidence now
in the possession of the House, then, said Mr. R. I will go with
them. Mr. R. said he was desirous, with a majority of the
committee that there should be a thorough investigation as to the
legality of all the votes that had been given. He desired to
see not only who received a majority of the votes that are prima
facie good, but he desired to see who received a majority of
legal votes after the canvass., He believed that under the laws
of New Jersey, they were bound to receive as legal votes those
votes which had been received as such by the officers of the
State, legally constituted for that purpose. While gentlemen
had abandoned the ground that they first took, that the House
must receive the men who came with the Governor's certifi-
cates, because euch certificates were issued by the Governor of a
State, aud raised a new issue some fifteen or six.een months
after the elettion had been held, he was willing to gratify them
in it. That there was something wrong, he thought was evi-
dent by this new issue being raised. That some illegal votes
had been taken on both sides he had no doubt, because he did
not believe there ever was a Congressional election in which
some illegal votes were not taken.
Mr. EVERETT here called Mr. R. to order for wandering
from the questions before the House.
Mr. RIVES continued.
Did gentlemen, he asked, desire this evidence to be publish-
ed? Did they desire evidence to be printed now, that was ap-
plicable to the issue that was to come up hereafter, and that has
not been acted on by the committee? To this he was opposed.
He would inform his colleague, if he desired the report of
the minority to be printed, if he would lay it on the
table, he would consent to print it with the other papers. But
he presumed that his colleague would not consent to i hat course)
because when, yesterday, there was a general consent to re-
ceive this report, and have it primed, there were objections
made, not by one of the Administration party, but by one of
those gentlemen who opposed the printing of the majority re-
port. Mr. R. did not believe that the printing was moved by
the gentleman from Louisiana was desirable at this time, for •
the reason that the House had disposed of the question, having
decided that certain of the claimants were elected by the people
of New Jersey, and that they should occupy the seats to which
they had a right. His colleague IMr. Borra] was mistaken in
one thing in relation to what was done yesterday. That gentle-
man supposed that the question was finally settled, and that the
contestón must make a new issue. Such was nut tha decision
of the House. , It was expressly reserved in the resolution that
was adopted, that the parties litigant should continue to take
testimony, for the purpose of purging the polls. Such was ex-
pressly his intention in voting (or the resolution.
The SPEAKER here called Mr. R. to order for wandering
from the question belore tho House.
Mr R said ha wanted to show, in relation to this matter of
printing, that a majority of the House was in favor of it from
the beginning, but owing to the constitution oi the body, they
had lailed ¡h doing v, in consequence of the course of the
Opposition, who had thus forced them to act on the subject
previous to printing the papers. He had had advantages
which others did not possess, of examininingall this testimony,
and he was therefore fully satisfied with what he had done.
Mr R. GARLAND then moved to modify his motion, by in-
serting the words, "and also the evidence referred to the com-
mittee on the 6th instant, and that said committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same till after it
Mr. DROMGOOLE raised the question of order, whether it
was competent for the gentleman to move the printing of pa-
pers not before the House, and pending a proposition to print
papers that were before the House.                               . ,
The SPEAKER sugüested to the gentleman from Louisiana,
that he could accomplish hts object, by moving to discharge
the committee from the further consideration of the testimony.
Mr. R. GARLAND here modified his motion accordingly.
Mr GARLAND said the gentleman from Virginia endea-
vored to make the impression that we wished to suppress the
publication of the testimony. Such whs not the fact. He was
opposedat that time, because it was forestalling the question.
Mr. G. denounced the course the House had pursued in taking
the subject out of the hands of the committee, after they had
sent the contestants home to take te?tunony. That was the
reason that he and the parly with which he acted, objected then
to publishing the testimony. He then, as now, believed it a di-
rect violation of the order ofthe House referring tho subject
to the committee. Then it was that he and others refused to
have any ofjit printed. The chairman representing a majo-
rity of the committee, did not come before the House with all
the evidence; and as a proof of that fact, he made reference to
the report, this day presented by the chairman.
Mr. CAMPBEl L rose to explain. The gentleman 'rom Lou-
isiana (he said) stated that the chairman of the committee came
before the House, when he made his report, with only apart of
the testimony. Mr. C. said he would inform the gentleman
that the committee acted in strict conformity with the resolution
of the 28¡h ultimo That resolution directed the committee to
report with regard to a certain fact, and to report also all the
testimony connected with that fact. This was exactly what the
committee did, and it was in strict conformity with the resolu-
tion of the 28th ultimo.
Mr. R.GARLAND still contended that all the testimony, at
the time he objected to the printing, was not reported to the
House; and, in support of that, opinion, referred to the report
made this morning. He did object to the printing, on the
grounds before stated, until the whole of the evidence was re-
ported. He was now in favor of having the whole of it print-
ed, with the additional testimony since referred to the com-
mittee.
Mr. MEDILL saidthathe would answer the gentleman from
Louisiana, if he would give way a moment for that purpose.
The committee had acted in strict conformity with the resolu-
tion ofthe House. They had kept back noihing, but desired
that the journal of- their proceedings, with all the testimony,
should be printed, and go to the public. The resolution ofthe
28th ult. as will be recollected, imposed two distinct duties on
the committee—to report which five of the ten individuals
claiming seats from New Jersey received the greatest number
of lawful votes from the whole State, with all the evidence of
that fact in their possession; and, also, to report such papers,
and so much of their proceedings as they wished to have
printed by order ofthe House.
The House evidently contemplated separate reports. The
committee, on detei mining which persons received a plurality
of votes, as required to do by the resolution, directed their
chairman to report the same to the House, accompanied with
all such testimony as tended to establish that fact, and also to
present to the House the journal of their proceedings, with all
the papers and testimony in possession of the committee, and
ask that the same be printed. It was not proper tl at the re-
port, showing which persons had received a plurality of votes,
should be burdened with the journal and certain other papers,
which, in the opinion ofthe committee, were irrelevant to that
issue. Even if mistaken in their opinion of what was relevant,
in this particular no injustice or inconvenience could have re-
sulted. It would have all been before the House for such fur-
ther action as was deemed advisable and proper.
After submitting the report, the chairman asked him to pre-
sentthe journal and other papers, and being denied the privi-
lege, moved a suspension ol the rules, which was negatived by
the votes ofthe gentleman and his friends. A member of tha
committee (Mr. Rives] even moved to postpone the considera-
tion of the resolution admitting the persons having a majority
of the votes to their seats, to a day certain, that all the papera
might be printed and laid before the House, and this was also
rejected, chiefly by the same gentlemen. It will be seen, then,
with what propriety it is contended that the chairman declined
presenting the whole testimony. The course adopted was in
strict conlormity with the order ofthe House.
Mr. R. GARLAND asked if the committee took into conside-
ration all the testimony which showed who had a majority of
the lawful votes.   He inferred that it did not.
Mr. CAMPBELL replied that the committeehad considered
all the testimony necessary to establish the prima facie right
to seats.
Mr. R. GARLAND still contended that the committee had
based their report on the certificate of the Secretary of State,
without reference to the testimony, which went to show that
there were illegal votes included in the aggrtgate in that certi-
ficate. There was no other conclusion from the course of
things, but that the committee had acted on the certificate alone.
He then complained that, after the question had been set-
tled, it was now proposed to have all the testnnonv printed.
Gentlemen might take their own course about it; but since
the subject had been taken out of thehands ofthe committee
he hoped the whole would be printed.                                  '
Mr. JENIFER obtained the floor, and occupied the remain-
der of the morning hour incomm nting on the proceedings of
thecommitee. He denounced them as highly censurable. In
the course of his remarks, he was frequently corrected by
Messrs. RIVES and MEDILL, members ofthe committee, as to
matters of fact. [Mr.J's remarks were so indistinctly heard by the
Reporters, that they hare concluded not to publish a synopsis of
them; and have withheld the replies of the other two gentle-
