Mr. NORVELL rose and said, that he had submitted this re-
solution, from a stroii*. sense of duty. If  firm conviction was,
and had a long time been, that (he period had arrived when pre-
para.ionsofa nnlitarv ami naval character on one side ol our
Northern frontier, ought ¡  be met by correspond -? prepara-
tions on the other side. While ihe Brutsii Government was
amusing uawiih negoiia-ion, as Philip amused the Athenians
it was making quet and steady prosress in preparing for offen-
sive and defensive operations, at ail important points near ihe
entire frontier of tie Tniied States, from Maine lo Ijke Supe-
rior. While Encland was active, we were slumbering at our
posts, unarmed, and without defence. It «as lime lor us 10
awake from this dangerous repose. It was linn for in to learn
the whole extent ol our hazardous situation.
The late correspondence between the Secretary of State and
the British Envoy, with the imormation which accompanied it,
clearly showed that the British authorities had devia-ed Irom
the arrangement made by the Governors ol Maine and New
Brunswick,   through the   interposition of General Scott, de-
spatched to that quarter for I hat purpose by ihe President.   The
explanations of |the British Minister appeared to him to  be
evasive, pethaps unintentionally so. Ileseemed to have avoided   '
the true issue—the violation ol the arrangement to which he had
jost adverted.   The Secretary of Slate, in his letter to Mr. Fox,
remarks: "That the extensive accommodations prepared and
preparing, at an old and at new stations, the works finished,
and ia thecourseof construction,  on ihe land and en   Me
«rarer, are not m harmony with the assurance that the only on
ject is the preserva'ioo of a few unimportant   buildings mid
storehouses for the temporary protection of the number of
roops het Majesty's ordinary service can requite to pass on the     !
road from New Brunswick to Canada."                                          ¡
And now, sir, what is the answer of the British Minister?   ''
After general declarations and disavowals on the subject of
preparations, he adds:                                                                    ¡
■'The fact, shortly, is, and ¡his is the essential point of the ar-
gumene, that her Majesty's authorities have not as yet altered :
their state of preparation, or strengthened their military means
within the disputed territory, «-"'(A ariew tatetlling the ques-
tion of the boundary, although the altitude assumed by the
Sute of Maine, with the reference to that question, would be a
clear justification of such measures; and it is much to be ap-
prehended i hat the adoption of such measures will sooner or
later beeoine indispensable, if ihe people of Maine be not com-
pelled to desist from the extensive system of armed aggression
which they are continuing to carry en in other parts of ihe
same disputed territory."       '                                                       i
Now, sir, here is no disclaimer of the fac, that the state of   J
preparation has not been altered; that the military means of i I
the British have not been strengthened within the disputed ler-   ¡f
ntory.   It is simply declared that this alteration has not been   '
made; that these military means have not been strengthened,
'with a view Untitling the question of Ihe boundary." The
menace    is    thrown     out,    too,    that     the    attitude    of
Maine    may    render    such    measures    indispensable    on
the part of the British, with a view to that boundary question,
if the people of that State be not compelled to desist from the
armed aggressions which they continue to carry on within the
disputed territory.   The disclaimer of the minister foes to the
motive, and not   to the fact of increased military prepara-
tions.
And then, sir, do we not all know tliat a pinposition on ihe
part of our Government, for the settlement of the boundary
question, by commissioners, has been before Ihe British cabi-
net for some seven or eight months, and that no satisfactory
response has yet been received m that proposition? Was not
this proof presumptive that delays and postponements had
been purposely inteiposed, until the means should be prepared
for a coercive adjustment of the boundary question, on the
terms which the British Government might prescribe'
Again, sir it had been stated, with what truth he could not
tell, thai the cabinet of St. James had written to its agents in
Canada, that the passage from New Brunswick to Quebec
ought tobe, and must be, rendeiedopen and free by either ami-
cable or forcible means.
What did all this indicate i Were these preparations, these
imputed declarations, intended to intimidate us into a submis-
sion to the conditions of settling the boundary question, which
might be presented to us by ihe adverse party?
Along the whole line ef Lake Ontario, it had been staled that
new military works were m the progress of construction, and
that the old works were in a Course of being strengthened.
The military posts at Molden had also, as lie had learned, been
rendered stronger. White Wood island, which had been ma-
ny years ago mo?tunfo:tinatelycded to the British, was, as he
had been informed in letters, fortified, or about to be fortified.
That island was in the river Detroit, near its mouth; and, with
• powerful battery, It would command the passage o I both ihe
American and British channels of the liver, and lay the whole
of the upper Lake countrv. with ils important military posts.
ha flourishing cities and vi'lages, at the mercy of an enemy.
Military works were constructed, or constructing, at Sandwich
an! Windsor, immediately opposite to Detroit; and that prospe-
rous city could, from these work , in one hour, be laid in ashei.
And what wa  the state ofdefensive military preparation on our
side, in that quarter? Why, sir, we had not even the benefit of
public barracks for the protection and accommodation of Ihe
miserable skeletons of companies which were stationed there.
The commanding officers were compelled to rent a house at
the wausr's edge for their accommodation. Sir, the surrender
of White Wood island to the British was a most unwise mea-
sure Its acquisition by that Government showed ils sagacious
forecast, a  its cession remonstrated our want of that qualify,
in a most fatal deeiee. It ought never to have been given up.
► lie had been told that the British authorities were building
o ne or two steam frigateson lake Ontario and Lake Erie. Such
a measure was a departure from the spirit of that arranse-
ment by which the American and British navies were re-
•P^tively reduced to one vessel on Lake Cuamplain, one on
Lake Ontario, and two on Lake Erie and the upper lakes, not
exceeding one hundred Ions burden each, and each carrying
but °i?* .?un' Were tn<!  teanr' fri;atee to be of one hundred
tons burden, and to carry but one cannon? Nobody could be-
lleve it. In order that the terms of the arrangement might be
correctly understood, he would cite a passage from ihe mm
sageof PiesidentM nroeto Congiess, in December, 1817, on
that subject:                                                                         '
"I have the satisfaction," says the President, "to inform yoti
tbatau arrangement, which had been commenced by my pre-
decessor, with the British Government, for the reduction of the
naval fore*, by Great Britain and the United States, on the    I
Mat, has txta coocluded¡ l-y which it is provided that neither   |
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
party shall keep in service on Take Champlain more than one
vessel; on Lake Ontario more than one; and on Lake Erie and
the upper lakes more than two; tobe armed each with one can-
non only; and that all the other armed vessels, ol boih parties,
ol which an exact list is interchanged, shall be dismantled. It
is also agieed that the force ;etained shall lie restricted in its
duty to ihe internal purposes of each patty; and that the ar-
rangement shall remain in force until six months shall have
expired after notice given by one of the parties to the other, of
its desire that it should terminate "
The object of the arrangement was, to save useless expense on
both sides, and to prevent the danger of collision between their
armed vessels, on those inland waters.
The measuses adopted by the British Government, to which
he had thus briefly allueed—the large military forces collected in
her provinces— Iheaccumulation ol works and material  for war
on our Northern frontier—and the naval preparations making
on Ihe lakes, imdre'sively admonished us of the dangers which
were impending over us. He could not, representing, as he did,
an exposed State, be anxious for war; but a crisis was, he ap-
prehended, approaching, which would demand the most active
exertion, the most vigilant preparation. At all events, we ought
to be in possession of every necessary information, to enable
us to decide what was best to be done on our side. We all know
the spirit of aggrandizement which animated the British Go-
vernment, in all ner policy. They were at this moment extend-
ing their military conquesisin the East; and the journals of the
day informed us that ihey were negotiating for ihe purchase of
he Californias in the West, in the lace of the solemn declaration
of President Monroe in 1S23, that the rights and interests of the
United Slates required it to be made known to the world, "that ihe
American continrnts were not thenceforth to be corsidered as
subjects for future colonization by ary Eutopeon power."
The resolution, modified as below, at the suggestion of a
distinguished Senator, a friend of the mover, was then
agreed 10:
Resolved, That the' President of Ihe United States be re-
quested to cause to be communicated to the Senate all the infor-
mation that is possessed by the Government, or can be conve-
niently obtained, of the military and naval preparations of the
English Government on the Northern frontier of the United
States, from Lake Superior lo the Atlantic Ocean, distinguish-
ing the permanent from the temporary and field works, and
particularly noting those which are within the claimed limits
of the United States.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The bill to provide for the payment of damages sustained by
individuals by the wars with Indian tribes since 1830, being the
special order of the day, was taken up as in Committee of the
Whole, and after a long discussion, in which Messrs HUB-
BARD, CLAY of Alabama, LUMPKIN and KING earnestly
advocated the passage of the bill, and Messrs. WRIGHT,
GRUNDY, and PRENTISS opposed it, its further considera-
tion was postponed until Monday next, and the bill and amend-
ments were ordered to be printed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 12,1840.
Mr. CR03S, from ihe Committee or Indian
Affairs, represented to the Hou.-e a memorial and
accompanying documents frvm the Cherokee In-
dian delegation, which had been pevioosly re-
ferred to thai committee, for Ihe purpose of having
them printed; which was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished bu-
siness bus'ness of (he morning hour to be the fol-
lowing resolution, accompanying ihe report made
by Mr. Campbell of South Carolioa, from the
Committee of E^c'tons:
Mr. CAMPBELL, chairman of the Commit ee
of Elec ions, offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the papers enumerated ia the
foresoing list, and the journal t f the Committee of
of E'ections in the New Jersey case, eompr sing its
proceedings up to the 5th instarit, be primed for
the use of the House and ihe committee.
[This resolution covers all the testimony before
the commi'tee at the time ihe report was made in
relation to this subject.]
Mr. R. GARLAND proposed to amend the reso-
lution by ai'ding thereto the following:
"And that said committee be iiu-tiucted to re-
port the evidence ieferred to it on the 6ih instan!,
and that tlv same be printed."
Mr. JENIFER, who was entitled to the floor,
sToke in continnation of h s remarks of yesterday.
In ihe course of which, he gave way to
Mr. FILLMORE, who made certain explana-
tions; during which much disoider and exciiement
exisied throughout the hall, ar.d several inlerme-
meiliate explanations were made, and interrogato-
ries propound  d.
Mr. JENIFER continued, and spoke with great
acrimony, and impeacbed the course tsf ihe commi'-
t?e, the nature of which may he judged of by the re-
sponse of the chairman, who interrupted him for
that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL observed, that he was indebt-
ed to the courtes-y of the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Jinifer] for the opportunity of corect-
ing thus early the erroneous impression which the
remarks ju t made by the gentleman from New
York [Mr, Fillmobb] were calculated to produce,
263
but which he was satisfied the gentleman [Mr. F]
did not intend to leave on the minds of the mem-
bers of this House. The imprrsiion to which he
allui'ed was this: '• that all the testimony in
the possesion of the Committee of Elections,
previous to the report on the New Jersey
election, had not been examined. So far from this
being the case, he here avowed that all the testi-
mony in relation to that case had been taken up,
and not only ihe members of the committee, but
the psrties themselves, were heard in full upon
every pa t ihey were deposed to discuss: that the
testimony was afterwards taken up in detail by the
committee, and its competency decided upon by
formal votes.
[Mr. C here gave way to Mr. Botts, who ex-
pressed his opinion in relation to the examination
of a part of the tettimony.]
Mr. C resumed. Of ihe testimony thus exa-
mined, a large portion was decided to be incompe-
tent. All relating to the illegality of votes had
bten so decided, except only testimony impeaching
about 12 or 13 votes.
Did ge«tiemen complain that the committee
would not consent to expose those who had re-
ceived a minority of votes, but who claimed to
have received the greatest number of legal votes,
to the ridicule of parading this testimony in relation
to twelve or thirteen votes, lo set aside majorities
ranging from thirty to near two hundred?
Would it not have been a mere mockery—would
it not have been gross injustice, while the parties
under the authoiity of the committee, sancticned
by ihe House, had gone to New Jersey to take testi-
mony, to have proceeded in their abs nee to try this
election upon its merits, npon testimony so imper-
fect? Did gentlemen complain, because ihe com-
mittee had not, in violation if it pledge, pursued
this course? A course which would have been
utterly unwarrantable in referei.ee to the per-
mitted absence of the parties, and inconsistent
with the proviso ef the resolution of the 28¡h
ultimo.
In speaking of the examination of testimony be-
fore the committee, Mr. C did not allude to the
'mysterioussealed package" of which so much
had been said. The depositions contained in
that package were not in the possession of
the committee for examination until after
the report hsd been made, and they had
been refeired by ihe House. That this is the
correct opinion, is manifest from the ciicumstance
that the House thousht it necessary to refer them
by a formal vote. That this was the opinion of
ihe gentleman from New York himself, [Mr. Fill-
mobe ] was evident from the fact that he first voted
to refer them, and afterwards moved a reconsidera-
tion, to prevent their going lo the committee.
Mr. 6. would fuilher state, in relation to the
examination of testimony, that after the passage of
the resolution of the 28ih ult. and before the adop-
tion of the report, a gentleman of the committee
had called for the reading of testimony in posses-
sion of the committee, and that, in compliance with
this call, all the papers were read that were called
for.
Mr. C. had only risen for the purpose of cor-
recting the impression which he thought the re-
marks of the gentleman from New York were c al-
cu.ated to produce. He was unwilliag that an im-
pression should exist for a single day, that the com-
mit ee had not considered all the testimony before
it previous to making its nport; and therefore it
was that he had reques'ed the gentleman from Ma-
ryland to allow him the opportunity of this expla-
nation in justification of the committee.
Mr. JENIFER resumed his remarks for a short
time, when
On motion of Mr. JONES of Virginia, the morn-
ing hour having expired, the House agreed to
pass to the orders of the day; before doing which,
however, by permission,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications from Ihe President of the
United States; which were read, appropriately re-
ferred, and ordtred to be printed:
Washington, March 9,1840.
To At How* of Reprt$«nlvtita ¡
I transmit w Cons'ess, for their consideration.
