«64
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eopus and translatkns of a correspondence be-
tween the Secretary of Stat* and the Spanish Le-
gan^, growing «at of an application on the part
of Spam f«r a reduction of tonnage dn'yot her
veswls in certain cises.
Br a Royal order i-sued on the 29lh of April,
]g3"i, by the King of Spain, in consequence of a
rrpre*nta'.oa made to his Government by the Mi-
n ser of the Uuited States against the dhcnmi-
natin; tuonage doty then levied in the ports of
Spain upon American ve-sels, said duly was re-
duc-d 10 one real de vellón, equal to five cents per
ion, without referente to the place lrom whence
the ve>s*l came, being the same rate as paid
by ihrse of all other nations, including Spain.
Br the aft approved en the 13th July, 1832, a
corresponding redaction of tonnage duty noon
Spanish vts>els in the ports of the United States
was authorized, but confined to ves-sels coming
from puts in Spain; in consequence of which
said reduction has been ¡applied to such Spanish
vessels only as came directly from potts in the
Spanish peninsula
The application of the Spanish Government is
for the extension of the provisons of the act to ves-
sels coming from other places, and I submit for the
consideration of Congress whether the principle of
rec.procity would not justify it in regard lo all ves-
sels own*d in the Peninsula and its dependencies
of the Baleat ic and Canary Islands, and coming
from a!! p'aces other than from the Islandsol Cuba,
Porto Rico, and the Philippine; and ihe lepajment
of such duties as may have been levied upon
Spani h vessels of that class' which have entered
our pom since the act of 1832 went into operation.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, March, 1840.
To Ik* Houm «f Rtjrratniitiiet of the U*Utd Staler.
I lay before you for your consideration a ctmmu-
n'eat:oa ot the Secretary of War accompanied by
a rept rt of the Sar¿eon General of the Army in
relation to sits for marine hospitals selected in
conf rmity ft r the provisions of the act of March 3,
1837, from which it will be seen that some action
on the subject by Congress seems to be necessary.
M. VAN BUREN.
Several bills from the Senate, on the Speaker's
table, were taken np, read twice, and committed.
The bill, introduced on leave by Mr. Bull, to
s'cure the freedom of elections, wss, by general
cor.s?nt, and on the suggestion of Mr. Bell that
the House might not be detained from acting on
the Tieasury note bill, passed over, on the under-
standing that it thjuld ie'.a:n its place on the ca-
lendar.
The bill reported on leave by Mr. Hind to es-
tablish a uniform lu'e of naturalization, and to re-
peal ail ac's heretofore passed on this subject, was
taken from the SPEAfEa* table-,and,
On motion of Mr. HOFFMAN, committed to
the Committee on Ihe Judiciary.
TREASURY NOTE BILL,
motion of Air. JONES of Virginia the Houce
resolved it-elf jbto Committee of the Whole on the
state! of the Ujtion, (Mr. Dawsi>n of Georgia in the
cbai?,) and t/ok np the bill No. 18, being a bill to
provide for^ne issue of Treasury notes; which hav-
ing been
Me. JQfiES of Virginia, said he had to ask the
indn!*£|Re of ihe committee, but for a short time,
whilst he sheuid undertake, very briefly, to assign
the reasons which appeared to him to render the
passage of the bill, now under consideration, ne-
cessary and proper.   And he would here take oc-
casion to remark that this bill bad not brea intro-
duced from any conviction on hi* own mud, or
cpan fa  mind of the Secretary of the Treasury, so
far as he was informed, that the resources of the
Government, for the present year, woald not be
rafnetent to meet all its liabilities during the ye r;
in the event, however, that the amount of money
to be appropriated by Congress at the present ses-
sion, fbould not exceed the estimates submitted at
it commencement. If the resources of Government,
for the year 1840, shou'd be realized, it was be-
lieved that the receipts from customs, from the
sales of the public Jaods, and /rom  the debts
*.
due from the Bank of the United States, and from
the deposite banks wh cb. suspended specie pay-
ments in 1837, together with the amount of money
which remained in the Tieasury undrawn  at the
commencement ol the year, would be sufficitntt>
mea the  liabilities <f the Government duting the
year.    According to the best infoimatton before
him, derived from facts furnished by the Treasury
Department, (which  he was bound to inffr must
have the most coireU information upen a'l these
subjects,)  this was ihe conclusion to which h's
mind had arrived.  But it must be obvious to every
gentleman whose mind had been turned to ihe sub-
ject, that coming in, as the receipts of the Go-
vernment are expected to come in, ihey may not,
ami indeed it is now certain that they cannot, be
received in time to meet the liabilities of the Go-
vernment, as ihey  are expected to arise,  owing
principally to the fact that a much larger portion
of these liabilities will fall due in the first half of
the year, while a much larger portion of the re-
ceipts from which it is expected these demands are
to   be   liquidated, cannot be real.zed until   the
last half of the year.     In   other   words,   if  the
receipts   and disbu«rements of the whole   year
cou'd  be spread over the year in something like
equal proportion, then from  the data before him,
he arrived at the conclusion that the means of the
Government would be sufficient to mett all its lia-
bi ities.  It was known to every gentleman here that
the debt due from the Bank of the Untied States,
amounting to something more than two and a half
millions of dollars (nciudmg ínteres) d'd not fall
due until the first f*ay of Oc ober; the Bank  hav-
ing, by ihe terms of its agreement with the Govern-
ment, the whole of the monh of September to
make thi payment.   It was also known that the
debts due from the banks which suspended specie
payments in 1837, in the present condition of these
banks, some of them now asking for futther indul-
gence, might, by posiibility, not be  received in
lime.   Indeed it m'ght be that they could net be
relied on at all.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina he:e asked
how much was due from these bank*.
Mr. J. replied that be would g.ve the gentleman
all the information he desired, if he would have a
liifle patiencr; and he would not keep him out of
his rrp'y very long, he might be assured. The
amount at presert was about $805,000. It was
apparent, then, that thpre wai something like three
and a half millions of dollars fal'ing due in the
Ian half of the year, which the Government could
not control for the purpose of mf eting the 1 abili-
•ies which were dai'y presented for payment; and
it would be apparent also that, with that amount
now avai'able, the liabilities pressing on the Go-
vernment could be taken up and discharged. But
it must also be known to ali who have made them-
selves acquain'ed with the subject, that there are
very large amounts of Treasury notes, issued un-
derformer laws, now falling due—that is, $500,000,
I think, on the 5th of March; $250,000 on the 7th,
and $1,150,000 in the rest of March, April, and
May; making an aggregate of rather less than
$2,000,000, to be met on the score of Treasury
notes now outstanding.
I again repeat, (said Mr. J.) that this amount of
money, if now available, would be sufficient to
meet all the liabilities of the Government for ths
year, without the aid proposed to be afforded by
the bill now under consideration.
But, in order that the commit'ee may have a
clear view both of the means cf the Government
for the year, and of its iiabilit es for ihe same pe-
riod, I beg leave here to call ih'attention of gentle-
men to the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury <n the state of the finances. His state-
ment is this:
"For reasons hereafter to be explained, the re-
ceipts into the Treasury, the enminz year, cannot
be estimated so h'gh as in 1839. From the best
information pis*cs*ed by this Department, it is
compueJ that the aggrega'e of them, available for
public purposes, will not exceed 18,000,000, viz.
from
Customs    ....   |15 000,000
Lands       .           -           ,           -       3,503,000
Miscellaneous      ...         100,000
Add to these the balance available
and applicable to other purposes,
whirh it i« supposed will be in
the Treasury on tha 1st of Janua-
ry, 1840
1,556,385
The efficient means in that year
will then amount, in the aggre-
gate, to -           -           -           -     20,156,385
If Congress should make appropri-
ations to the extent desired by
the d fferent Departments, ihe ex-
pt nditures for 1840, independent
of the  redemption  of Treasury
notes, are estimated at -             -     80,000,000
|    Inc'uding all the Treasury notes to
be redeemed, the aggregate ex-
penditure would be about         -     22,750,000
This would leave a deficit  in  Ihe
Treasury at the close of the year
amounting to    -          -          -       2,593,645"
But the Secretary goes on to say:
"There will be due from the United
States Bank in September  next,
on its fourth bond, about           •       2,526,57c
The   principal  now  due   on   the
Treasurer's   deposites   m  other
banks, which  suspended specie
payments in 1837, is    -           -        1,149,904
Should all these c aims be collected
in 1840, they would prevent ade-
I      ficiency, and   leave an avai ab.e
i       balance in the Treasury of nearly        1,082 865''
It will be seen (continued Mr. J.) that, acco.d'ng
to the estimates furni>hed by the Secretary, giving
us a full account of the who'e means as well as of
all the liabilities of the Government, in the event of
the Government realizing the debts here referred to,
there would be,  at the clo^e of the year,  and pro-
vided the estimate were not exceeded by the appro-
priations made by Congress, a balance o) $1,082,000.
Owing, however, to the causes to which 1 have al-
ready had cccas.on to adveit, and to others which
are more specifically stated bylthe Secretary of the
Treasury in a recent report made by him, it ap-
pears that much the larger portion of the liabilities
of the Government, as  I have b;fore said, are
thrown uron the first half of the year, and that the
lager portion ofthereceips are thrown upon the
last half, thus bringing ab, ut that s'ate of facts set
fonh in a report ot the Secretary of ihe Treasury,
and to which I now beg to call the attention of the
committee.   It bears date the 17th day of February
last.
Mr. J. read statement A, '(accompanying said
report)
" Money in the Treasury February 10,1840, avail-
able for general purposes, computed to be about
$1.700,000, but at the end of ihe month it will
probab'y be reduced to                      $1,300,000
I Not over two-thirds of this will be
situated on the seaboard, and con-
venient for use to pay pensions
and redeem Treasury notes.
Receips in March, April, and May,
from customs and lands, esii-
mated at   -           .           .           .   3,600,000
Receipts from banks in those months,
indebted in 1837 as depositories,
estimated at           -           .           .        200,000
Now and before the 1st June, com-
puted aggregate means    -           -   $5,100,000"
"Expenditures for pensions required
by the 5'h March, as estimated by
the War Department a $1,760,000
of  which will then be needed,
besides what has been recently
advanced, about             -           -        $900,000
Treasuiynotfs falling due by March
7th, not yet redeemed    -           -          550,000
Treasury notes falling due by March
13th, not yet redeemed   -           -          250,000
Treasury notes fallir g due in the
rest of March, April, and May,
and oth-rs hen redeemable - 1150 000
Ordinary expenditures  in March,                '
April, and May, out of appro-
