pnations already made, and new
ones which are expected to pas«,
and are required to ca>ry into ef-
fect existing laws for ordinary
objects, before 1st Jane, esti-
mated at            -          -           -      4 500,000
$7,350,000
Least balance usually proper to have
on hand at various points, near
as well as remote           -           -      2,000,080
Add for the 1st June, to meet what
is immediately due nnder   the
many new appropriation's passed
near the the c'ose of the session          500,000
#9,850,000
Deduct the computed means           -      5,100,000
Amount of additional means ap-
peal ing expedient now and be-
f. re the 1st June             -           -    $4 7:0,000"
From these statements (continued Mr. J ) it
mukt, I think, be obvious to every man ihat, whilst
the resources of the Government may, and proba-
bly will, be ample to meet its liabilities during the
year; yet, thrown, as a very large poition of thee
liabilities are, upon the fir-t half ysar, while the
means to meet them will not be available until the
last half—I «ay it must be obvious that, wtthout
some legislation to regulate these fluc'uations in
the receipts and disbursements the Gavernment
with the most ample means for rte whole year's
operations, may be placed in a situation in which
it might be unable to m et promptly its numerous
pecuniary obligation , and to maintain unbroken
its faith. It will also be s«en that it is not intend-
ed, by the measure now under cons'idtntion, to
add one dollar to the amount of expenditure0,
but so to u-e lh-> credit of the Govern-
ment as to provide for and obviate any seri-
ous pecuniary embarrassment. To enable the Go-
vernment at all times to meet promptly and fanh-
fally its obligations, is an object which I am bound
to presume every man, of all parné , has since ely
at heart. I am sure there is no Representative of
the people en this floor, to whatever pa'f> he may
belong, who woald not feel deep y mortified, as an
American citizen, to ree the Government of h s
own choce placed even for a day in a situation
where it couli not meet promptly its pacon'ary lia-
bilities. And if differences of opinion exi-t among
us upon this subject, I am persuaded it is not as to
tve propriety of aff< rding rehf f, but as to the best
mode in wh'ch tie object can be attained. I do not
ente tain a doubt but that we all look to the same
object; we all desire to save the Go\ erament )r m
such a dilemma; and if we differ at all, as we shall,
I repeal that it will not be as to the propriety of
affording relief, but as to the mode in which it shall
be furnished
Looking to the report to which I have had occa-
sion already to call the attention of the member 
of the committee, and in which the resources of
the Government, and its liabilities for the year, are
c'eaily s'ated, it would seem, I should suppose, that
the measure now nnder consideration could nit be
a matter of surpnse to any gentleman who has in-
vestigated the subject. A careful examination of
that report will sat sfy every man, not on'y of the
necessity of granting the re'ief here a*ked, but that
it is a subject to which the Secretary of the Trea-
sury himself has continued to look wi h the most
anxious concern; and that he has again and again
invited, in the most pressing manner, the act on of
Congress upon it. In illustration of ihis view, and
in justice io a faithful public ofñcr, I beg very
briefly to call the attention of gentlemen to several
paragraphs m the annual report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to which I have referred. I do this,
not only as an act of justice to him, but for the ad-
ditional reason that we may fee clearly the grounds
on which th s application has been made I do it,
too, beciuse I have heard i' sa'd, here and else-
where, that this measure has been f o tponsd to the
latest possible period, and that then, like all such
measures, wh-n it was brought up, all would be
harry and confusion, and ilui there won d not be
time to consider any thing    By reference to th 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
report, it will be seen that the Secretary of the
Treasury «tands relieved, at all event*., ttom ihis
charge. In the very next 1 ne afier the estimate , I
have read, he says:
" It is not, however, considered prudent to rely
exc'usively on the c llectioa of these debts."
He then goes on t > say :
" One mode, then, of obviating any difficu ty
from ihat circumstance wi 1 be to reduce ihe aggre-
gate of new appropriation , by postponing some
and lessening others so that the means probably
available will be soffi lent to meet all calls upon
the Treasury, and leave in it an average balance of
about two million ..
" It is believed, for íeasons enumerated hereaf-
ter, that such a reduction is possible without essen-
tial injury to any useful object, and that this ba-
lance is the smalUst which is adequate to secure
promptitude and good faith in publ c paymen's so
heavy in amount as ours, so unexp*c ed at times
in the demands for them, and so dispersed over a
wide terrilory. if the appropriation  are not thus
reduce), it will he wi e to p'ovide seasonably in
some other way f< r the amounts of the ccn ingent
defici*-ncy, and of such a balance "
He would beg leave al->o to call the a'tcntion rf
the committee to page 11, of tl e same report, in
wh ch the Secretary says-
"Much has at limes been wisely done by Con-
gress to supply means for meeting unexpected defi-
ciencies. But all lejal provisions heretofore
adopted for that purpose having expired,our finan-
cial operations will be constantly exposed to dan-
ger, unless some permanent safeguard under con-
t ngenci s is established.
"These circumstances must constitute an apology
fur oncj more explaimn? some of the grounds in
favor of such a measure, and earnestly asking
speedy leg station concerning it "
He then informs us:
•'The principal sources of our present revenue
are sensibly affected by fluctúa ions m t only in
commercial pro penty, but in the crops, the bank-
ing policy, and credit s}Sicms of even foreifn na-
tío i . Ihe inflaence of these causes seens to be-
come yearly more changeable and more uncer am
in its ex ent "
The Sscretary goes on to saj •
"AH thess, and similar considerations m fa-
vor of some permanent provis.on on th s subject,
apply with still greater force than they havehere-
tof re. The availab'e balance in the Ir^a^uty
to facilitate its operations is much smaller ihan
has ft rmer.y been usual The receipts on the de b's
still due from banks, afier two previous d sappoint-
ments as to some of them, must be regirded
with increased doubt; and, if th°y shou'd be paid
wi htn the coming year, the outstanding Treasury
notes become redtemab e in the first half of it,
and must be iis-harged some months before the
bond of the United StaUs Bank falls due in Sep-
tember."
The SecTe ary then says*
"Why, then, should not acin=tant safeguard, or
some permanent remedy under smb. irregularities,
be provided? The omission to d > th s, can hard-
ly be considered tru* true check on extravazant ex-
penditure, as that check woti'd eom to con ist ra-
ther in a forbearante to make unnecessary appro-
pna ions thin in a refusal to piovue ample
means for payug with prompiitude, under all
probable contingencies, What has already been ap-
propriated and has thus received tie delibe ate
sanction of Con?re«s. The national pr d<", no less
than i's honor and credit, appears to be concerned
in adopting 'orne measure on this subject, s'able,
efficient, creditab e t  free institutions, and po scsi
ing a param mnt influence to preserve unspotted
the public faith.
"The S'ates now possess, reparately, quite as
deep an interest in such an arrangement as th? Ge-
neral Government, ^mce a blow on the ere lit of
the latter would, like an electric shock, be fth
through the whole of them, and inevi'aMy d pre-
cíate still more their immense amounts of stc cks.
"It is hoped that an actual failure to furnish
means to make prompt payment, under all contin-
gencies, and thus producing the very violation of
good faith «o much to be deprecated, will not be
265
necessary to awaken its guardians to the urgent
importance of some such remedial provision; a
measure, without which, m the shape ot an invest-
ment, or lerge balance on hand, or authority given
to pospone certain classes of appropriation, when
the revenue proves insufficient for the whole, or
some power to borrow mi ney, or issue, on interest,
when necessary, diafts or exchequer bills, no
financial system, in any enlightened country, lias
been, or can be, long administered with safety and
honor.
"In our system, the provision on this subject
was ver? uniform and permanent, till the  extin-
guishment of the natioml debt in 1835     Previous
I    to that lime, a largp balance beyond  the  expenses
.    far ordinary purposes was generally collected, and,
J    being kept on hand till npar the close of the year,
1  so hs to assist in any contingency, was then, it not
i  thus wanted, applied towards the payment of the
debt.
''After that time, the first resort, in the event of
I  fluctuations, was temporary, and consisted of the
1  accidental and unexpected accumulation which lm-
i,  mediately lollowed.    When pans of that aceumu-
I    lation were expended, and the residue was divide 1
I  among the State-., instead of bei >g invested,  and
II    he'd to men deficiencies, the reca 1 of it as fast as
needed for the latter purpose, was still sanctioned
11 by Cengre.s, and constun'ed tie next permanent
1 remedy. But tin  power of recall was afterwards
taken fr-m the Treasjry Department; and, in-
stead of it, the piyment of one instalment was
postponed, and a very limited authority given to
issue Treasury not-s for aid in any contingency.
That au hor ty also expired in June last, and,
while in force, con ainel requisitions immediately
to rec ive those notes in payments when offered,
and, at the same time, prevent ng the reissue of
i t eii, which proved to be exceedirgly inconve-
nient an I hrzar tou--, which have already rendered
two add nonal ¡cts of Corgre s necessary, and
vh th, in a m ineiel crisis lik« the present, not
only endargpr all fi<cal operations, but would have
s Oj pe 1 some of the mist impo'tant of them, if
not obvia'ed in a degree by seasonable arrange-
ments, made in anticipation of difficulty."
In further illustration of this view of the subject,
he would read but one sentence more ñoin the re-
port of the Secretary.
"Il>e D(p*r'ment, therefore, is now without any
I resort, temporary or permanent, in ca*e of material
deficiencies and considering all the circumstances
before mentioned, wi h the dangerous liability in
law to have the wh le outstanding Treasury notes
pud in at any moment for public dup , wnhout a
power remaning to issue others m their stead, con-
sidering, al>o, thp p'e ent revulsions in t-e com-
mercial world, which affect so senou>ly the re-
ceipts frombfih duties and lane's, considering the
disinters wheh are befall ng the banks and ren-
der ng oar collec'ed funds in fome ca^es wholly
unavailable, and the advances nece-sary to be soon
mpde for the larg-> payments of pensions, and
Treasury notes fa hn¡  due in March, the earliest
attention to new legishtion on this subjfet seems
highly prudent, if not indispensable, for the effec-
tual security of the public credit."
I have fe't it my duty (continue! Mr. J ) to ad-
vert to these passage*, to show that our considera-
tion was invited to this subject at the earliest pos-
sib e moment, and to show that those gentlemen
who «eem to suppose that it was postponed to the
last moment, in order that it might be passed over
with the greatp't possible haste, were mis'aken;
that their opwii n  were formed with ut investigat-
ing ca efully, as I should cone ive, documents ac-
ce^ib'e to every member f f the committee. Now,
I would ask if there is an individual hpre who does
not see that this is a sulject in which the Secretary
has felt a most anxious and deep concern—or who
is not prepared to admit ihat the necess ty of this
measure was foreseen by him, and ihat early legis-
lation was invited' There can be but rne opinion
onths point. The necessity wa-s foreseen by all,
and it must thereto e cease to be malttr of surpnse
that this bill has been introduced.
Nor has the Secretary of the Treasury failed to
point out the mode proper, in his judgment, for
furnishing rehef.   In th« communication to which.
