S70
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
certificate to the persoa having a majority of 'the
Totes that be was elected,* and the sheriff were to
givt his certificate to the gentleman, he having a
minority of the votes; and in that he inquired of
him if he would come here and claim his seat. He
wished it to be distinctly understood that if the gen-
tleman believed the givin? of a certificate to a man
who had a minority of the votes was evidence of
fraud, that the gentleman himself has answered
the question. If the gentleman would satisfy him
that he would not act in that way, as he understood
him to say that he would by his nod of assent,
when he stated the case he had just cited, it would
give him pleasure to disclaim the offensive allusion
to him.
Mr. RIVES. I thought the gentleman was sup-
posing my own case. I received a majority of se-
veral hundred votes over my competitor. Now, in
Virginia, it is the duty of, the sheriff to conduct the
elections, and to give to the perron having a majo-
rity of the votes a certificate that he is elected, a-
the same time sending & duplicate of the same cert
tificate to the Governor. The law then makes it the
duty of the Governor to give his returns to the per-
son who has thus received the certificate of the she-
riff. This being the state of the facts, I supposed
that the gentleman was stating my own case, and
believing that he inquired of me whether I, having
received a majority of the votes, would come here
and claim my seat upon the return of the sheriff,
when my competitor, who received a minority of
the votes, came here and claimed it upon the re-
turn of the Governor. Believing this to be the
cue supposed by the gentleman, I nodded assent
that I would.
Mr. JENIFER said that he had wholly misap-
prehended ibe gentleman from Virginia, and that
that gentleman had a'so misapprehended him.
When he urged the expression the gentleman com-
plained of, he understood him as saying that he
would come on and claim his seat on the certificate
of the sheriff, although he had a minority of the
votes. As he now understood the gentleman's
meaning, it gave him pleasure to disclaim any
application of the expressions to him.
Mr. WISE hoped the House would now drop
this matter. There was evidently nothing between
the two gentlemen requiring futther explanation.
It was plain that they misunderstood each other.
It was point no point, and there was nothing futther
between them. He hoped the House would^iro-
ceed to the oiders of the day.
The discussion having here ended,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Navy Department, enclosing
printed copies of the Navy Register.
Also, the following communication from the Pre-
sident of the United States:
To the House of Representatives oj the United States:
I transmit to the House of Representatives, in
answer to a resolution ot that body, dated on the 9th
instant, the enclosed report of the Secretary of
State.                                   M. VAN BÜREN.
Washington, D. C. March 12,1840.
To the President of the United Stales:
Department of State,
Washington, March 12,1840.
The Secretary of State, to whom has been refer-
red a resolution of the House of Representatives,
dated the 9th instant, requesting the President to
communicate to that bojy "whether any, and, if
any,   what   measures    have   been   taken,   since
the   rejection   of   the   recommendation   of the
King   of Holland,   of  a new line of boundary
between the United  States and  the   province of
New Biunswick, to obtain information in respect
to the topography of the territory in drSDute, by a
survey or exploration of the same on trlí part of
the United States alone; and also whether any mea-
sures have been adopted whereby the accuracy of
the survey lately made under the authority oí the
British Government, when communicated, may be
tested or examined," has the honor to report to the
President that no steps have been thought necessa-
ry by this Government «nee the date above refer-
red to, to obtain topographical information regard-
ing the disputed territory, either by eiploration or
survey, on its part atone; nor has it thought proper
to adopt any measures to te&t the accuracy of the
topographical examination recently made by a Bri-
tish commissioner, the result of which has not been
made public, or communicated to the United States.
Respectfully submitttd.
JOHN FORSYTH.
Oa motion of Mr. EVANS,
Ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Several bills from the Senate on the Speaker's
table weie twice read, and appropriately commit-
ted.
Mr. MONTGOMERY moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. R. GARLAND demanded the yeas and
nays, which were not ordered, and the question being
put and carried in the affirmative,
The House then adjourned.              \
---------                 )      /
IN SENATE,            :    /
Monday, March 16, 1840. ' /
DUTIES, DRAWBACKS, AND ALLOWjyfCES.
Mr. BSNTON rose to ma!:e the motion for
which he had given notice on Friday last, for leave
to brina; in a bill to re luce the drawbacks allowed
on the exportation of rum and refined sugars; and
the bounties and allowances to fishing vessels, in
proportion to the reduction which had been made,
and should be made, in the duties upon imported
sugars, molasses and salt, upon which these boun-
ties and allowances were respectively granted.
Mr. B. said that the bill, for the bringin? in of
which he was about to ask Jeave, proposed some
material alteration in the act of 1833, for the modi-
fication of the tar.fT, commonly called the compro-
mrse act; and as that act was held by its friends to
be sacred and inviolable, and entitled to run its
conrse untouched and unaltered, it became his
duty to justify his bill in advance; to give reasons
for it before he ventured to submit the qnestion of
leave for its introduction; and to show, beforehand,
that there was great and just cause for the mea-
sure he proposed.
Mr. B. said it would be recollected, by those who
w«re cotemporary with the event, and might b«
se;n by all who should now look into our legisla-
tive history of that day, that he was thoroogh'y op-
posed to the passage of the act of 1833; that he pre-
ferred waiiiBg the progress of Mr. Verplanck'í bill;
that he opposed the compromise act, from begin-
ning to end; made speeches against it, which were
not answered; uttered predictions of it, which were
disregarded; proposed amendments to it, which
were rejected; showed it to be an adjournment, not
a settlement, of the tariff question; and voted against
it, on its final passage, in a respectable minority of
eighteen* It was not hisintention at this time to re-
capitulate all the objections which he then
made to the act; but to confine himself to
two of (hue objections, and to those two
of them, the truth and evils of which tims
had developed; and f >r which evils the public good
demands an immediate remedy to be applied. He
spoke of the drawbacks ani allowances founded
upon duties, which duties were to underg  perio-
dical reductions, while the drawbacks and allow-
ances remained undiminished; and of the vague
and arbitrary tenor oí the set, which rendered it
incapable of any regular, uniform, or safe execu-
tion. He should confine himself to these two ob-
jections; and proceed to examine them in the order
in which they were mentioned.
At page 208 of the Senate journal, session of
1832-33, is seen this motion: "Moved by Mr.
Bknton to add to ihe bill a seciion in the following
words: ' That all drawbacks allowed on the exportation
of articles manufactured in the United States from ma-
terials imoorted Jrom foreign countries, and subject to
duty, shall be reduced in proportion to the reduction of
duties provided for in this act.' " The particular
application of this clause, as explained and en-
forced at the time, was to sugar and m ilasses, and
the refined sugar, and the rum manufactured from
*The following was the vote:
Yeas—Messrs. Benton, Buckner, Calhoun, Dalla?, Dicker-
son, Dudley, Forsyth. .lohnsion, Kane, King, Rives, Robinson,
Seymour, Tomlinson, Webster, White, Wifkins, and Wright—
18.
Nays—Messrs. Bell, Bihh, Black, Ctay, Clayton, Ewing,
Foot, Grundy, Hendricks, Holmes, Knight, Mangum, Miller,
Moore, Naudain, Poindexter. Premisa, Robbins, Silabee, Smith.
Sprague, Tipton, Troup, Tyler—24.                                         J
them. As the laws then stood, and according to
the principle of all drawbacks, the exporter of
these refined sugars and rum weie allowed to
draw back from the Treasury precisely as much
money as had been pai4 into the Treasury
on the importation of the article out of which
the exported article was manufactured. This
was the principle, and this was the law; and
so rigidly was this insisted upon by the manu-
facturing and exporting interest, that only four
years before the compromise act, namely, in 1829,
the drawback un refined sugars exported was raised
from four to five cents a pound upon the motion of
Mr. Dickerson, a then Senator from New Jersey;
and this upon an argument and a calculation made
by bim to show that the quantity of raw sugar
contamed.i n every pound of refined sugar, had in re-
ality paid five instead of four cents duty. The ar-
gument in favor of my motion appeared to me to
be palpable and irresistible; and its success the
more certain, as it was supported by Mr. Dicker-
son himself, the gentleman who had paid most at-
tention to the details cf the manufacturing interest,
and on whose motion it was that, only four j ears
before, the drawback on refined sugars
exported bad been increased one cent on
the pound, in order to make the drawback and the
duty precisely the same. My motion appeared to
me self-evidently just, as the new act in abolishing
all specific duties, and reducing every thing to an
ad valorem duty of twenty per centum, would re-
duce the duties on sugar and malas-es eventually
to the one-third or the one-fourth of their then
amount; and, un'ess the drawback should be pro-
portionately reduced, the exporter of refined sugars
and rum, instead of drawing back the exact amount
he had paid in'o the Treasury, would in reality
draw back three or four times as much as had been
paid in. This would be unjust in itself;-and, be-
sides being unjust, would involve a breach of the
Constitution, for, so much of the drawback as was
not founded upon the duty, would be a naked
bounty paid for nothing out of the Treasury. I ex-
pected my motion to be adopted by a unanimous
vote; on the contrary, it was rejected by a vote of 24
to 18; and I had to leave it to time,
that slow, but sure witness, to develope the evils
which my arguments had been unable to show,
and to enforce the remedies which the vote of the
Senate had rejected. That witness has come.
TrME, with his unerring testimony, has arrived.
The act of 1833 has run the greater part of its
course, without having reached its ultimate depres-
sion of duties, or developed its greatest mischiefs;
but it has gone far enough to show that it has done
immense injury to the Treasury, and must con-
tinue to do it if a remedy is not applied. Always
indifferent to my rhetoric, and careful of my facts
—always leaving oratory behind, and laboring to
establish a battery of facts in front—I have ap-
plied at the fountain head of information—the
Treasury Department—for a'l the statistics con-
nected with the subject; and the successive reports
which had been received from that Department, on
the salt duties and the fishing bounties and allow-
ances, and on the sugar and molasses duties, and
the drawbacks on exported rum and refined sugar,
and which had been printed by the order of the
Senate, had supplied the information which con-
stituted the body of facts which must carry convic-
tion to the mind of every hearer.
Mr. B. said he would take up the sugar duties
first, and show what had been the operation of the
act of 1833, in relation to the revenue from that
article, and the drawbacks founded upon it. In
document No. 275, laid upon our tables on Friday
last, we find four tables in relation to this point,
and a letter from the Registf r of the Treasury, Mr.
T. L. Smith, describing their contents. Ths
latter says:
Treasury Department,
a     . .        ..            . Register's Office, March 10,1840.
Sis: I herewith transmit statements Nos. 1, 2,3, and 4, pre-
pared in obedience to a resolution of the Senate of the United
States of the30ih of December, 1839.
Statement No. h exhibits the operation of the act of the
«¡1st of January, 1829, in relation to drawback on refined suear,
^estimated with its bearing on the revenue annually, from
1839              '  assumlng ** dala the drawback  payable in
Statement No. 2 exhibits what the operation would have
been, provided the act of the 2d March, Í833, had made pro-
runou for • reduction of the drawback in proportion to the bien-
