nial reduction of duty; assuming the same data as in the pre-
ceding statement.
Stau went No. 3 exhibits the product of the duties which
accrued on brown sugar manufactured into refined; the draw-
back payable on the refined exported, annually; and the rate
per centum which the drawback payable has been upon the
duties from 1829 w 1839, and estimated for the annual result to
1£43, based upon the calculations of the year 1839.
Statement No. 4 exhibits the drawback paid annually from
1833 to 1839, estimated upon the basis of the year 1839, and is
extended to 1843, showing what would have been the biennial
reduction, what the anountof drawback payahle,and in cents
and hundredths the rate per pound, had the act of the 2d March,
1833, provided for such reduction.
In conformity with the aforesaid resolution, I furnish tables
A, B, C, and D, in relation to spirits distilled from molasses,
prepared upon similar principles as those relating to iefined
sugar.
The year 1839 has been taken as the basis of calculation for
the succeeding years to 1S43, showing the operation of the re-
duction  of duty 'and drawback  payable.   Statement E is a
recapitulation and comparison of the preceding statements.
I am, sir, mostrespectfully,
Your obedient servant,
■.      T. L. SMITH.
Hon. Lbvi Woodbury,
Secretary of the Treasury.
These tables are all valuable. The whole of
the information which they contain is useful, and
is applicable to the business of legislation, and go
to enlighten us on the subject under consideration;
but it is not in my power, continued Mr. B. to
quote them in detail. Results and prominent
faets only can be selected; and, proceeding on this
plan, I here show to the Senate, from table No. 1,
that as early as the year 1837—being only four
years after the compromise act—ihe drawback
paid on the exportation of refined sugar actually
exceeded the amount of revenue derived from im-
ported sugar, by the sum of $861 71. As the du-
ties continued to diminish, and the drawback re-
mained the same, this excess was increased in 1838
to $12,690; and in 1839 it was increased to
$20,154 37. Thus far the results are mathemaii-
cal; they are copied from the Treasury books; they
show the actual opera'ion of the compromise act
on this article down to the end of the last
year. The table then goes on to sbow the ;
prospective operation of the act for the remainder ¡
of the time which it has to run, and which will in- ;
elude the great reductions of duty which are to j
take place in 1841 and 1842; and here the results i
become still more striking. Assuming the impor-
tation of each succeeding year to be the same that
it was in 1839, and the excess of the drawback over
the duties will be, for 1840, $37,343 38; for 1841,
the same; for 1842, $114,693 94; and for 1843, the
sum of $140, 477 45. These will be the bounties
payable out of the T.easary in the present, and in
the three succeeding years, provided the importa-
tion o( sugars shall be the same that it was in 1839;
but will it be the same? To this question, both
reason and experience answer in the negative.
They both reply that the importation will increase
in proportion to the increased profit which the in-
creasing difference between the duty and the draw-
back will afford; and this reply is proved by the two
first columns in the table under consideration, These
columns show that, under the encouragement to
importation already afforded by the compromise
act, the import of sugar increased in six years from
1,558,971 pounds, costing $72,336, to 11,308,561
pounds, casting $554,119- Here was an enormous
increase under a small inducement compared to
that which is to follow; so that we have reason to
conclude that the importations of the present and
ensuing years, unless checked by the passage of the
bill which I propose to bring in, will not only in-
crease in the ratio of the past years, but far beyond
it; and will in reality be limited only by the capaci-
i ty of the world to supply the demand: so gnat
i will be the inducement to import raw or clayed su-
f gars, and export refined. The effect upon our Trea-
t, sary must be great. Several hundred thousand
r, dollars per annum must be taken from it for no-
K thing; the whole exacted from the Secretary of the
Treaiury in hard money; his reports having shown
us that, while paper money, and even depreciated
■ paper, is systematically pressed upon the Govern-
i ment in payment of duties, nothin  but gold and
silver will be received back in payment of draw-
* backs. But it is not the Treasury only that would
£¡ suffer: the consumers of sugar would come in for
:   their share of the burthen: the drawback will keep
„« UP tbe Price'> and foe home consumer must pay the
rto-     drawback as well as the Government: otherwise the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
refined sugar will seek a foreign market. The con-
sumers of brown sugar will suffer in the same
manner; for the manufacturers will monopolize it,
and refine it, and have their five cents drawback
either at home or abroad. Add to all this, it will be
I well if enterprising dealers shall not impose domes-
tic sugars upon the manufacturers, and thus con-
vert the home crop into an article entitled to draw-
back.
Such are the mischiefs of the act of 1833 in re-
lation to this article; they are great already, and
still greater are yet to come.   As early as 1837,
the whole  amount   of the  sugar   revenue, and
$861,71 besides, was delivered over to some twenty
odd manufacturers of refined sugars ! At this day,
the whole amount of that revenue eo?s  to these
few individuals, and $37,343,38 besides.   This is
the case this year.   Henceforth they are to receive
the whole amount of this revenue, with some hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars besides, to bedrawn
from other branches of revenue, unless this bill is
passed which I propose to bring in.   This is the
effect of the act, dignified with the name of com-
promise, and  hallowed by the imputed character
of sacred and inviolable!     It turns over a tax
levied from seventeen millions of people  on an
article of essential   comfort, and   almost  a ne-
cessary; it turns over this  whole  tax to a   few
individuals;   and  that   not    being   enough   to
satisfy their demand,  they receive the remainder
from   the National Treasury!    It   violates   the
Constitution to the whole extent of the excess of
the drawback over the duty.   It subjf cts the Trea-
sury to an unforeseen amount of undue demands.
It deprives the people of the whole benefit of the
reduction of the sugar'tax, provided for by the act
itself; and subjects them to the mercies of those who
may choose to monopolize the article for refinement
and exportation.   The whole number of persons
into whose hands all this money  and power is
thrown, is, according to a statement derived from
Gov. Wolf, the late collector of the customs at Phila-
delphia, no more than own the 29 sugar refineries;
the wfcole of which, omiiting some small ones in
the West, and three in New Orleans, are situate on
the north side of Mason and Dixon's line!
Referring Senators to the tables marked 2, 3, and
4, and especially to the latter, for more detailed in-
formation on the subject of the sugar tax and draw-
back, Mr. B. would proceed to the next article to
the effect upon which, of the compromise act, he
would w.'sh. to call iheir attention; and that article
was imported molasses, and its manufacture, in
the shape of exported rum. On this article, and
i's manufacture, the operation of the act was of the
same character, though not to the same degree, that
it was on sugars; the duties were reduced, while
the drawback remained the same. The importa-
tion of molasses for the year 1833 was 81,402 gal-
lons; the cost was $14,872; the duties were $4,070;
and the drawback, $2,960. In 1839, the same
items, were: importation, 392,368 gallons; the
cost, $37.6)1; the duties, $18,048; and the draw-
back, $13,125. Thus, up to the pre-ent time, the
drawback.though gainings pon the duty,hasnot over-
taken it; and will not (upon the assumption of the
importation of 1839 for the importation of ensuing
years) until the year 1843. In that year,
assuming the importation to be 392,368 gallons of
molasses, and the cost to be $37,601, the duties
will amount to $14,384, and the drawback on ex-
ported rums will be $14,267. This would be a
payment of the whole amount of the molasses tax
to the rum distillers; it would be the taxing of
seventeen millions of people on their molasses for
the so'e benefit of a few hundred rum distillers,
the whole of whom are resident to the north of
Mason and Dixon's line. This would be bad
enough, though not so bad as in the cas? of the su-
gar tax. So far as the absurdity of taiing a nation
in an article of common comfort, for the benefit of
a few individuals—so far as this absurdity was con-
cerned, it would be on a par with the sugar tax: so
far as the violation of the Constitution is concerned
in substituting a premium for a drawback, it would
still be on a par with it: so far as a monopoly of a
common comfort of life was concerned, it would
still be of the same character: and, so far as
drawing upon other sources of revenue would be
271
concerned, it would approximate slightly to the
evils of the sugar tax; for it is very certain that the
importation of molasses, and exportation of rum
(to say nothing of frauds) will increase as the du-
ties become less; and that the impoitation of 1843,
and even of 1841 and 1842, and far excted
that of 1839; and thus create a demand upon t e
Treasury for a larger amount of drawback on ex-
ported rum than the duty on imported molasses
would pay. All this is very clear without any
fraud in the case. But are we to escape frauds in
a case where the commission of them is so easy,
the temptation so great, and the detection so diffi-
cult? If we are, we shall be more fortunate than
we have been heretofore, and that under the cir-
cumstancess of a less temptation. It is well
known that whiskey can be converted into New
England rum, and exported as such, and
receive the drawback of the molasses du-
ty; and that this has been done just as
often as the price of whiskey (and the mean-
est would answer the purpose) was less than
the cost of molasses. The proce-s was ihis. Pur-
chase base whiskey at a Ioav raie—filtrate it
throuah charcoal, to deprive it of smell and taste-
then pass it through a rum distillery, in company
wiih a little real rum—and the whiskey would
come out rum, very fit to be sold as such at home,
or exported as such with the benefit of drawback.
All this has been done, and has been proved to be
done; and, therefore, may be done again, and cer-
tainly will be done, under the increased lempa-
tion which the compromise act now affords, and
will continue to afford, it'not amended as proposed
by the bill I propose to bring in. It was preved
before a committee of the Hou^e of Represen'a-
tives in the session of 1827-8. Mr. Jeromus John-
son, then a member of Congress from the city of
New York, now a custom house officer in that
city, testified directly to the fact. To' the
que: tion: "Are there not large quantities of
whiskey used tcilh molasses in the distillation of what
is called new rum?" He answered: " There are.''''
That whiskey is now used for that purpose, is
clearly established by the table marked B. That
table shows that Ihe importation of foreign mo-
lasses for the year 1839 was 392,368 gallons; and
the exportation of distilled rum for that quantity
was 356,699 gallons; that is to say, nearly as many
gallons of rum went out as of molasses came in;
and, admitting that a gallon of good molasses will
make a gallon of rum, jet the average is below it.
Inferior or common molasses falls short of pro-
ducing gallon for gallon by from 5 to 74 per cent.
Now make an allowance for this deficiency; allow
also for the quantity of foreign molasses consumed
in the United Sta'es in other ways; allow likewise
for the quantity of rum made from molasses, and
not exported, but consumed at home: allow for these
three items, and the conviction becomes irresistible,
that whiskey was used in the distillation of rum
in the year 1839, and exported with the benefit of
drawback ! But, lest it should be objected that a
single year is not a fair tes', I wi 1 take three years
together: I will take the three last years; and will
show that the result is the same for each—that the
exportation of rum nearly equals the importation
of molasses for each year. The three years in
question stand thus:
Molasses imported.   Ram exported.
Gallons.                  Gallons,
1837          128,246      116,588
1838          236,216      214,742
1839                   392,368             356,699
The results are the same in each year; and  they
announce the fact that something else besides mo-
lasses is a material us d for the manufacture of
this rum. That material is whiskey—base whiskey
—the cheapest which can be made, or bought; and,
whenever costing less by the gallon than molasses,
it is accordingly bought for distillation inte ram
for exportation. This has been done heretofore;
it is done now; and wi 1 continue to be done more
largely than ever under the additional inducements
afforded by the compromise act.
I pass to the third item mentioned in the bill—
the fishing bounties and a lowances—and which I
propose to reduce in proportion to the redoctioa
which the salt duty has undergone and is to undergo.
