<m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- $90 25
- 14 00
-  2 64
-  3 03
99
•  7 33
•  2 09
•  2 05
■ 20 00
3 09
•  1 00
And here I am met by a questi >n, whether these
allowances ars founded upon the sa t duty, and
should rise and fall with it, or are independent of
that tax, and can be kept up wi.hout ¡t ? 1 hold
the affirmative of this quest.on. 1 hold that ihe
allowances ie>t upon the duty, and upon nothing
else but the dutv, and there is neither LAW nor
CONSTITUTION to support them on any o'her
principle. This is what I hold; but 1 should not
have noticed the question at this time, excfpt for
the issue joined upon it between the Senator from
Massachusetts who sits larther on the other side
[Mr. Davis] and myself. He and I have made up
an issue on th s point; and, without going into the
argument at this time, I will cite him to the origi-
nal petition from the Massachusetts Legislature,
asking for a drawback of the duties, or, as they
Styled it, " a remission of duties on all the dutiable
articles used in the fisheries; and also premiums and
bountvs; and to halt a dozen acts of Congress which
PROVE my position, hoping that these may be suf-
ficient; but promi mg to come down upon him
with an avalanche of AUTHORITIES, if they are
not.
The dutiable articles used in the fisheries, and
of which a remission of duty was aske !, calcu-
lated on a vessel of sixtj-five tons, for one season,
were:
On salt  -
On rum •
On lea   -
On sugar
On molasses
On coarse woollens
On lines, lead, and hooks
On sail cloth
On cordage, cables, &c. -
On tonnage
On iron ...
$133 00
This petition, presented to Congress in the ^eir
1790, was referred to the Secretary of State [Mr.
Jefferson] for a report upon it; and his reroit
was, "-that a drawback of duties ought to be allowed to
the fishermen on the articles used m their calling,'" and
thit 'lthe fisheries are not to draw support ft om the
Treasury." This report was sanctioned by the
immediate action of Congress, and has governed
every law that has been made upon the subject.
Confining my quotations from acts ot Conertss to
the main article used by fishermen, and paying
duty, namely, salt, I shall proceed to show what
the leg slation ot Congress has been upon it; and,
in doing so, shall show tnat the salt duty, from
1790 to the present'day, has constitu'ed the sole
foundation for the fi.hisg bounties and allowances;
and that the two have constantly ri en together,
and fallen together, inseparable in their life and in
their death.
I. The first act is that of 178,1, the same which
impf sed a duty of six cento a bushel on salt, and
wh ch granted a bouniy of five cents a barrel on
pickled fish exported, arid also on beef and pork
exported, and five cents a quintal on dried fish ex-
ported; and declared these bounties to be " in lieu
of • drawback of the duties imposed on the importation
of Ihe salt employed and expended therein."
Tm< act is itself decisive of the whole question.
In the first placen declarer ir e bounty to be in lieu
of a drawback of the salt duty. Id the second
place, n contornas to the principle of all drawoacks,
and only grams the bounty on that por un of the
fish wh ch shall be exported. In ihe third place, it
gives the same bounty, and in the same words, to
the exporters of sa'tedjbeef and p >rk, which is given
to the exporters of fish: and certainly mariners weie
not expected to be created among the rai«ers ef
swine and cattle!
2 In 1790 the duty on salt was doubled, it was
rai>ed from six to twelve cents a bu-h°l: by the
same act the fishing and provision bounties and al-
lowances were also doubled: they we e raised from
five lo tea cen's the barrel an 1 the quintal. By this
act the bounties and allowanc-s both to fish and
provisions «ere described to be ' in lieu of draw-
back of the duty on salt used in curing fish and pro-
visions exported." Vol. 2, chap. 2, Laws United
State*.
3 The act of 1792 repeals "the bounty in lieu of
drawback on DRIEDfish," and ' in lieu of thai, and
as a COMMUTATION thereof and EQUIVA-
LENT therefor," shit is the bounty fiom the quintal
of dried fish to the tonnage <f ihe fishing vessel,
and changes its name from BOUNTY to ALLOW-
ANCE. This is the key actio the present system
of tonnage allowance to the fishing vessel, and was
passed apon the pehtion of ihe fishermen, and to
enable thecew of the vessel to draw the bounty in-
stead of letting it fall into the hands of the
exporting merchant It was done upon the fisher-
men's petition, and for that purpose; and to exclude
all idea of constderirg this change as a change of
p h^y, and that the allowance was now to become
a bounty from the Treasury for the encouragement
of a nursery for seamen, the act went on to make
this precse an explicit declaration: ilThat the al-
lowance srgranled to the fishing vessel was a commu-
tation of, and an equivalent for, the bounty in lieu of
drawback of the du'ies imposed on the importation of
the salt used in curing thefish exported." Vol 2, chap.
2, Laws Umied Sta'es.
4. In 1797 the duty on'alt was rais>d from twelve
cents to t*eniy cents a bushel: by the sime act a
comsponding rise was made in the bountits to ex-
ported silted provisions anl pickled fish,and in the
allowance to (Mime vessels The salt duty was
raised one-third, ai d these bounties and allowances
were raided on.e-ihnd Thirty three and one third
per cent was added all round, and the act was ex-
plicit in again s yling the bounties and allowances
as a commutation in lieu of the drawback of the
salt duty.     Vol. 3, chap. 176, Laws Um'ed States.
5 The act of April 12, 1800, continues the salt
duty„ and with it con inues all the bounties to
salt d provisions an-1 pickled fish exported, and all
the allowances to fithing vessels, for the term of
ten >ears; and thin adds this proviso: "That these
allowances shall not be understood lo be cfrnlinuedfo* a
longer time than the correspondent duties on sail, re-
spectively, for which the said allowances wsre granted,
sAali 6e payable." Such are the terms of the act of
the year 18U0. It is a clincher It nails up every
thing. It shows that Congress was determined
that the salt duty ar d the bounties and the allow-
ances should be one and liidivistb'e; that they
should come and go togi-ther—should rise and fall
together—should live and die together. It maybe
seen in volume 3, chapter 17-6, of the Laws of the
Urn el States.
6. In 1807, Mr. Jefferson being President, the
salt tax was abolished upon h>s recommendation;
and with it all tne bounties and al owances to fish-
ins  vessels, to pickled f sh, and to salted beef and
pork, were all swepi away. The same act abo-
lished the whole. The first sectnn repealed the
salt duty; the -econd repealed the bounuss and al-
lowances; ihf salt duty was t > cea«e on the first
day of January, 1808, and the bounties and allow-
ances ceased on the same day. The second section
of the act declares:
"That from and after the first day of January next, so much
of any act as allows a bounty on exported salt provisions and
pickled fish in lieu of drawback of the duties on the salt em-
ployd in curing the sam", and so much ol any act as makes
all iw mcep to tht owners and crews of fishing vessels, in lieu
ofdiatcbackofthedulie¡,pai(ionthesaUus'd in the savie,
shall be, and the same hereby is-, repealed "
This was the end of the first salt tax in the
the United Sutes, and of all the bounties and al-
lowance built upon it. It fell under the Republi-
can administrat on of Mr. Jeflerson, and with the
un-nimous vote of every Republican, and also
wiih the votes of many of ihe Fedca'ists. The
journal of the House of Representa ives shows
that there were b'it five votes rgainst the passage
of the iepealing bill, and the>e were Messrs. Isaac
L. Green and Josiah dumcy, of Massathu setts;
GordonS Mumford, ofNew York; Nathan Wil-
liams, of New Jersey; and Eliphalet Wickts, of
Maryland. These were the whole who votad
against the rep al; an 1 of all the members of the
House present, there was not ONE who suggested
ihat the fishing bounties and allowances were in-
dependent of the salt duty, or ought to be conti-
nued one instant after that duty was repealed.
7. Aft;r this, for six years, there was no salt tax,
and no fishing bounty or allowance in the United
States. The two ^measures—the tax, and its
offspring—slept toge   er m ihe tomb from 1807 to
1813. The war revived them, and revived them
tcgether; and the bill which restored them to hfr,
condemned them to death wnhin one year after the
termination of the wsr. Before that year was out,
the tax and the bounties and allowances founded
upon it, were continued until repealed by Con-
gress; and it is that act which is now in force.
The very ac', then, which now keeps alive the fish-
ing bound s and allowances, brought them into
existence as an appendage to the salt duly—as its
natural product, and inseparable comf anion—and
all that we have to do is to repeal the sa't act of
1813, and the fishing bounties and al'owances are
left without a law to support them—so thoroughly
anl ímlissolubly are they connected together; so
mutually and entirely are ihey dependent upon
each other.
Mr. B. said the fishing bounties and allowances
were granted upon petitions from Massachusetts
fifty j ears ago. The fishing interest asked four
thin *: 1 A remission of duties on the articles
used in their callirg, of which s-ilt was the chief;
2 A boun'y out ot the Treasury, in ímiUtion of
the British bounfes; 3 These benefits tobe granted
to the whale ships; 4. To be granted to ihe cod
and mackerel fisheries. Of these four applications,
Congress granted two: namely, the remission of
duties on salt, in the shape of bounty and allow-
ance; and this relief to the mackerel and c d fishe-
ries, not the whale fisheries. Mr. B. relied upon
this to show that encouragement to mariners was
no part of the objest of the fishing bounties and
allowances. Not a cent had ever gone to the
whale ships: they had only gone (o the cod and
mackerel fisheries. The noble whaler of four or
five hundred tons, with her ample crew, which
sailed twenty thousand miles, doubling a moat
tempestuous cape, before she arrived at her field of
operations—which remained out three years, wag-
ing actual war with the monsters of the deep—a
warm which a brave heart, a steady eye, and an
iron nerve, was as much wanted as in any battle
with man—this noble whaler gjt nothing- it all
went to the cod and mackerel fisheries, which were
carried on in small ve-sels, some as small as five
tons, and in the rivers and along the coasts, and
on the banks of New Found'and, and where no-
thing but the hook and line was used. Enterprising,
hardy, and meritorious as these hook and line
fishermen might be, they were not to be compared
as mariners, nor their business as nursing seamen
to be compared to the whalers and whalemen.
Yftthes° lat er received no part of the bounties
and allowances; and the reason was because they
did not pay duties on lmimported sa't.
Mr. B. here read an article from the New Hamp-
shire Gazette, of March 9ih, published at Ports-
mouth, to show that the view he took of the fishing
bounties and allowances, as founded upon the salt
duties, was sustaire I by that piper, and also by the
community ; that all attempts to get up an excite-
ment amonz the fishermen had failed at the election
of March, 1838, and would fail at the impending
eltctiun, (which thty did,) that the fishermen knew
that the b( unties and allowances were founded
upon the salt tax; that they rose and felt with that
dutv; and that they were too just to desire the al-
lowances without the duties, and had too much
regard to the rtst of the Unien to desire ths whole
country to be taxed in their salt on theiracconnt.
Aftei a just tribute to the integrity and firmness
of the fishermen, in resisting this a tempt at a little
fish panic, and a compliment to the New Hampshire
Gazette, the oldest newspaper in the State, Mr. B.
said: I here rest my statutory citations on this subject.
I have done nothing but cite statutes to establish
my position; and surely I have cite! enough. If
not, and the Senator from Massachuse ts, [Mr.
Davis,] or any other Senator, shall wish to hear
any thing more, I pledge myself to gratify him. I
pledge myself to take up the question, and to go
through with it; to pile law upon law, authority
upon authority, and reason upon reason, until eve-
ry objection shall be crushed under their weight,
and the last doubt expunged from the mind of eve-
ry Senator. I pledge myself to prove the point
to their satisfaction, and that bo h negatively and
affirmatively: negatively, that the fishing bounties
and allowances NEVER were granted as encou-
