CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£79
or document, «aid Mr. B. n*v*r was before the committee, pre-
vious to the adoption of their report. It was sealed up and
could not be inspe, ted by the committee, without commuting an
act of great impropriety. This mysterious package was brought
ioto the committee by the gentleman from Conn. [Mr. Smith,]
and a proposition was maile that it should be opened by the
chairman. The Chair said the package having been addressed
to the Spb akbb of the House, and it not having been referred to
the committee by the House, he had no authority to break the
seal. The committee, save two, (Whigs,) coincided with the
chairman that he had no right to open the package. It was
then sent to the House and referred to the committee after the
report was made, which report was only adopted by the com-
mittee and submitted to the House, after a full investigation of
all the testimony befoie it. These gentlemen who complain
that this testimony wasnot examined, never intimated till now
that it comprised evidence of illegal votes, but was understood
to be evidence merely going to show that the polls of South
Amboy were irregularly held. This cry that lhere_was evi-
dence of illegal vote  was an after-thought.
Mr. B. further said, that when the gentleman from Con-
necticut,[Mr. Smith] brought forward in committee a resolution,
that the sealed package should be sent to the Speaker to be
opened by him, and be referred to the committee, only two be-
longing to the Opposition voted for the adoption of the resolu-
lon.   IMr. B. said that this  testimony was a part of that
now being taken to settle the ultimate right ol members to
seats under a resolution adopted by the committee, and waa
not the evidence on which to decide the prima facie right as
tn who ought to be the sitting members.   Mr. B. maintained
that the Chair would have been liable to pains and penalties
if he had opened that sealed package.   He then adverted to the
ix past facto law which had been passed by the Legislature
of New Jersey to meet this particular case.   That law makes it
the duty of the commissioner to take   testimony, to seal it
up, and to deliver it in person, or to'transmit it, to the Speaker.
Instead of this package taking the course indicated by the law
of New Jeisey, it was found on the desk of the chairman of
the committee, without having been first sent to the Speaker,
or without his knowledge that it was in the city.   It was, under
such circumstances, emphatically denominated a suspicious
package.   It seems that it came to this city enclosed in an en-
velope ad.lreased to a private individual, in violation of the
law above alluded to.   The only thing certain or known about
it was that it appeared on the table of the chairman of the
committee.   The opinien of the chairman and the committee
was a correct opinion, that it would have been highly unjust
and improper to break the seal and act on the testimony, with-
outthe knowledge of the House thatit was before the committee,
particularly when the evidence was taken to decide another right,
and not the right which the committee was then called upon to
report. He said the committee had toiled by night and by day in
investigating the evidence en wlicji its report was based, and
before it was made.   The majority of the committee, alter that
investigation, were utterly astonished that any doubt had ex-
isted that the Democratic claimants were elected and entitled to
the seats.   The "foul deed" of depriving the Slate of New
Jersey of her due  repiesentation, of which that House had
heard so much, was committed by the Governor of New Jer-
sey.   That officer knew that the gentlemen he commissioned
had not received a majority of the votes, and that they were
not elected.   The proceedings of that Governor and his Fnvy
Council, a record of which was before the committee, and the
correctness nf which no living man had dared to call into question,
showed that fact.   The law of New Jersey required the Go-
vernor to send for the absent returns before he issued his certifi-
cate, yet the Governor failed to do, in this respect, as the law
and his sath required him to do    He knew that by giving cer-
tificates hi could make members for a little time, to carry out
his purposes; but the record to which he before adverted prov-
ed beyond cavil that the Governor and Privy Council had no
doubt that they would not be permitted to hold their seats per-
manently in virtue of those certificates.   The committee, there-
fore, by its action, of which certain gentlemen so loudly com-
plained, had done nothing more than realize the prophecy of
the Governor, by placing the Democratic claimants in the va-
cant seats. Their right te seats could have been decided by a good
arithmetician in one heur after the testimony had been sub-
mi ted to him, and investigated by him; but the committee had
been  four weeks ascertaining the fact, and yet gentlemen of
the Opposition complained that it had acted with precipitancy.
But the chief complaint of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Fiixmoiis] and others acting with him, in relation to the
report of the committee, was, not that the facts in the body of
the report were untrue, but that the title page  was wrong, be-
cause it  contained the word lawful.   He was confident that
the people would look beyond the title page of that report—they
would go into the body of it to ascertain the truth, and the ob-
jection of the gentlemen to the report, on this ground, would
avail them but little.
The committee, in making the report as to which of the claim-
ants had the greatest number of lawful rotes, took as the basis
oftheir proceeding the resolution adopted in the earliest stage
oftheir proceeding, "that all the votes received by authorized
officers, acting in conformity with law, were prima facie le-
gal," until the contrary should be shown. Now here was a re-
solution adopted unanimously b' the committee, as a basis for
their future action, and which the committee scrupulously fol-
lowed in their report; and yet gentlemen now pretend to say
that the committee acted without authority. Surely gen-
tlemen, in making use of this afterthought, must
have forgotten this resolution, which they themselves had
adopted. The report of the commitiee, therefore, was but an
echo and embodyment of the principle contained in that reso-
lution. Mr. B. went into a detailed examination of the proceed-
ings of thecommittee, to show the impediments thrown in their
way by the gentlemen who now complained that they had re-
K:me 1 without proper consideration; but before he concluded
is remarks, (which will be published in full hereafter,) he waa
arrested by
Mr. J. W. JONES, who said the morning hour bad expired,
and called for the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER embraced that opportunity, and laid b. fore
the House the following communications:
1. A letter from the Postmaster General, in compliance with
the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 9th inst.
relative to the removal ofthe city post office; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Public Buildings
2- Aletterftom the Secretary of War, transmitting the're-
■ort ofthe Third Auditor, in reply to the resolution of the
House pf BapiMtuttUvea of the 6* in*. In rtHUoWS the *V
tlementofths claim for hones lost duiing the late hostilities
with the Creek and Seminole Indians in Alabama and Florida,
by the Alabama volunteers: referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
3.  Also, a letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting a re-
port of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in answer to a re-
solution of the House of Representatives of the 24lh ultimo,
c tiling upon the War Department to communicate such infor-
mation as it may be possessed oft relative to the causes requir-
ing troops to guard the payments of annuities to Indians on the
-Des Moines river: leferredto the Committee on Indian Affairs.
4.  The memorial of Lemuel Wheelock and others, legal vo-
ters in the Sixth Congressional District, againsuhe right of Os-
myn Baker to a seat in the House of Representatives: referred
to the Committee of Elections.
5.  A letter from the Postmaster General, transmitting  re-
port of allowances made to contractors within the year end-
ing the 1st July, 1839, <fcc.: laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
6.  Letter from the Secretary ofthe Treasury, in obedience to
a resolution ofthe House of Representatives of the 9th instant,
transmitting sutemente of moneys invested in the stocks of
thessveral States: laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
7.  tetter from the Secretary ofthe Navy, in compliance with
the resolution ofthe House of Representan ves ofthe 9th instant,
transmitting copies of the correspondence on file in the Navy
Department between Admiral Baudin, of the French navy, and
Commodore W. B. Shubrick, of the-United States navy, at Pen-
sacóla, during the month of June last: laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
8.  Depositions in relation to the New Jersey election.
On motion of Mr. RICE GARLAND, ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CHINN gave notice that he would, at a proper time, in-
troduce a bill to abolish the land district in Louisiana, known as
the Greensburg and Southeastern district, and to establish a
new one, to be designated as the----- district, and for other
purposes.
On motion, the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the stale ofthe Union, (Mr. Dawson in the chair,)
and took up
THE TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. BOND, who was entitled to the floor, spoke in continu-
ation of his remarks of yesterday. He examined the policy of
the past and present Administrations, and denounced it as inju-
rious to the best interests ofthe country.
Mr. VANDERrOEL followed in reply to Messrs. Cushino,
Bond, and Kino, and in support of the bill, and in an able
vindication of ihe past and present Administrations from the
charges of those gentlemen. He showed that the issue of the
Treasury notes was constitutional, contending that that right
was involved in the right of the Government to borrow money,
which none of these gentlemen denied it had the power to do.
He showed from official documents, in reply to the argument
of Mr. Cushino, that the expenditures of the Govern
ment during the past and present Administrations had not
increased in a greater ratio than the increase in the popula-
tion and resources of the country. He also showed that one
great cause ofthe increase of the civil list was the extravagant
mcreaseof the contingent expenses of the House, growing out
of the system put on loot by the Opposition, of printing panic
and electioneering documenta. His remarks will be published
hereafter in full.
Mr. TRUMBULL next obtained the floor, on whose motion
the committee rose, reported progress, and asked leave to sit
again.
On motion of Mr. ANDREWS,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, March 20, 1810.
The CD AIR submitted a communication from the Secretary
of War, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate in rela-
tion to the payment ofthe debts and the removal of the Win-
nebago Indians; which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of Prudence C. Loring .
for a pension; which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Western Michigan, praying
an amendment to the pre-emption laws; which was referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Also, a memorial praying the passage of a general bankrupt
law; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, several memorials on the subject of the abolitionof sla-
very; the motion to receive which was laid on the table.
Mr. PRESTON presented the memorial of the heirs of
General Everard Meade; which was referred to the Committee
en Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. MERRICK presented a communication from the banks  J
of the District of Columbia, presenting an exhibit of their situ-
ation and resources; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial, praying the establish-
ment of a post route in Monroe county, Mo.; whicn waa laid on
the table, and ordered tn be printed.
Mr. B. alsopresentedadocumentinrelationtoSpanishclaims
in Missouri; which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a memorial from inhabitants of Missouri, praying for an
alteration ofthe pre-emption laws; which was laid on the table,
and ordered o be printed.                         «,
Mr. ROANE presented the memorial of William Brent, jr.;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. GRUNDY presented a memorial from members of the
bar in East Tennessee, praying for an additional term in each
year of the District Court in Tennessee; which waa referred to
the Cemmittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WALL presented a memorial from citizens ofthe United
States, praying for an increase of duty on imported silks; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BENTON presented a document containing a summary
of the proceedings ofthe British Mint for the last twenty-on
years; which was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YOUNG presented t >o petitions for post routes—one
from Davenport, Iowa, to Peru, III. and another from Spring-
fied to Dubuque; which were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KING presented additional testimony In relation to the
claim of Jubal 8. Hancock-, which was referred to the Commit-
tee, on Indian Aflain,
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial, praying an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the harbor of Pen Sheldon; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims, to which
was referred the petition of A. C. Hoi linger, made an advene
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private Land Claims, re-
ported a bill to confirm the title of the heirs of Joeph Thom-
son to a rata of land in the Sute of Missouri; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution; which was
considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of providing, by law, for pro-
perty destroyed or plundered by predatory bands of Indians, be-
longing to Mesen. Myers, Reid, Gross, and Allen, of Missouri.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following resolution for con-
sideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury inform the
Senate what proportion of Treaaurynotes, issued under the au-
thority of the act of October 12, 1837, and subsequent acta, has
been paid to public crediton of the United States in discharge
of their claims, and what proportion has been used for the pur-
pose of raising money from banks er individuals; together with
a statement of the rates of interest borne by the notes of the
several issues respectively. And that he also inform the ■vnate
whether the Treasury notes bearing interest have been sep -
sited in banks for th* purpose of raising a credit, and in be
drawn against by the Treasury Department; and if any such
depositee have been made, to state the dates and amounts there-
of, and the dates and sums ofthe drafts made thereon.
Mr. NORVELL submitted the following resolution, which
was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate such information as may be in posses-
sion of the Department on the subject of the application of a
mineral solution to the preservation of timber, called "Kyan-
ising," in the report of the bureau of the Topographical Engi-
neen, wilh the effect, mode of application, and cost of timber so
prepared, particularly in reference to the construction of piers,
jettees, and other similar wotks, as well as for naval struc-
ture.
The resolution submitted yesterday, by Mr. Lumpkin, pro-
posing to substitute II for 12 as the honr of meeting of the Se-
nate, being taken up, aftor some remarks from Meesre. LUMP-
KIN, HUBBARD, and KING, it waa laid on the table for the
present.
The bill to provide for the payment of damage* austsmed by
individuals in the wan with the Indian tribes since 1830, com-
ing up on its third reading,
"Mr. LUMPKIN moved to recommit the bill hack to the
Committee on Claims, with instructions to strike out that clause
which required the Third Auditor to report the claim* to Con-
gress, before they were settled.
The recommitment was further advocated by Means. LUMP-
KIN and CLAY of Alabama, and opposed by Mr. WRIGHT;
and, the question being taken, it was decided in the negative—
ayes 9, noes 19.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
The Senate then went into Executive session, and afterward*
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPE8ENTATIVE9,
Fbibav March 20, 1840.
The journal having been read,
Mr. RIVES said he did not find, from the reading ofthe re
cord, any notice of the motion he made to refer to the Committee
of Elections ths additional evidence laid before the House on
yesterday by the Speaker, in relation to the New Jersey con-
ested election. The gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. R. Gab-
land] move ' to lay it on the table; and he (Mr. R.J made the
motion to refer it to the Com mittee of Election*.
Mr. R. then made a motion that it be amended in that parti-
cular; which was agreed to.
The CHAIR announced that the business first in order waa
the resolution reported from the Committee of Election* by
Mr. Campbbll, their chairman, proposing to print all th* testi-
mony connected with the New Jersey contested election; and
the amendment of Mr. R. Garland of Louisiana to discharge
the Committee of Elections from the further consideration of
the papen in retalien to the New Jersey question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, chairman ofthe Committee of Elections,
said he had been instructed by that committee to move a resolu-
tion, asa modification of th* one now before the House, so a*
to have the report made on toe 16th instant included in the pro-
position to print.
Messrs. TR1PLETT and STANLY objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL said it was a matter of very little conse-
quence. The motion was made to save the time of the House;
but as it was objected to he would not press it.
Mr. BROWN of Tennessee continued his argument from the
point at which be lelt off yesterday, and took up, and success-
fully refuted, the objections made by the Opposition members
ofthe committee to the instructions of the Hooss, under which
they had acted. The great objection was, not against the right
ofthe House to give such instructions, or the competency ofthe
committee to make such a report, but that the chairman of the
Military Committee [Mr. Johnson of Tennessee] hsd moved
the instructions, and thus interfered with the affairs ofthe Com-
mittee of Elections. The gentleman from Connecticut took
great alarm at the word "forthwith;" and every body recol-
lected the eloquent appeal ofthe gentleman to the House, te rave
the committee from the intrusions of this man of war. They
might almost apprehend, from the gentleman's alarming ioie-
bodingB, thaMhis warlike individual would rush into th* com-
mittee room, pull down their chain and tables, and turn the
committee neck and heels out of doors. The gentleman in por-
tnying the daring usurpations which had been attempted by
the chairman of the Military Committee, threw back their at-
tention to a scene in the French Chamber of Deputies, when
Napolean entered at the head of his grenadiers, and turned ins
deputies out of doors. But when he turned aside fto  tne
contemplation ofthe gentleman's gloomy picture,a d ¡«J**0
at the calm and placid countenance of his friend fr^i -
nessee, he forgot the scene in the French Chamber of I*P""«*
and thought how little likely h was thst ^.<, ,«B1íf,JS
rights of the House, or the committee, couldI be "S™ ^
through his agency. Indeed h.w foraMyremwd**«£
truth of the maxim, that there is  «OM.  "PÍí£<S ¿^Z
to ths ridiculous. J^'SHml^?VtS!mS!wiSSm
the iosttucüoM oí th  Bwt, Sr, B, wo  up «• «""P1  *
