282
Mr. PETRIKIN o*)* - !, and • daaultory conversation en-
sued: bat Mr. A. was fin illy perii.itted to modify, which ha
did, so as to «tend the call by adding "or any other foreign
OoTernment or Minister."
Mr. RKID offered the following, which, under the rule, lies    |
over:
Resolved, That it is the bounden duty of the Government of
the United Sutes to absolutely prohibit her citizens from en-
gaging, duectly or indirectly, in ihe foreign slave trade; and, to ¡
this end, that the Comm ttee on Foreign A flairs be directed to ¡
inquire into the expediency of making such legal provisions as ,
•hall effectually pul an end to so unlawful and disgraceful a 11
traffic.                                                                                      j
On motion of Mr. CUSHI NO,                                               i
Resolved, That the resolutions of the last Congress, on the   ;
•object of the territory and rights of the United States west of
too Rocky mountains, and the papers accompanying the same,
be recommitted to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
On motion of Mr. SALToNSTALL,                                      i
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
report to thie House the amount of the annual payments from ¡
the privateer pension fund established by the act of June 26, ;
1812, until the same was exhausted, distinguishing what portion ¡ >
of said payments was paid to the widows and children of de-
ceased persons, and to report also when the same became ex- ¡
hauated, anóVwheiher any part, and, if so, how much, of said I
fund was lost by the manner in which the same was invested.     I
On motion of Mr. LI NCOLN,                                               I.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to commu- \
nicaie to the House the correspondence between the delegation l
in Congress from the State of Massachusetts and himself, in
the month of March, 1839. in relation to the examination and
allowance of the claim of that State to compensation for militia
services during the last war with Great Britain, and that he also
inform the House whether, since I is report on that subject of
t* e 23d of December, 1837, under a resolution of the House of
Representatives of March, .1836, any further proceedings have
been had, or are deemed necessary on the part of Massachusetts,
or in the Department, to entitle the State to the balance found
doe according to his said leport.
On motion of Mr. W. B. CALHOUN,
Resolved. That the Committee on Military Affairs inquire in-
to the expediency of purchasing of John W. Cochran, his six
plunder mass cannon model, for a large garrison gun for naval    j
defence.
Mr. OSBORNE submitted the following, which lies over:         ¡
Whereas the public lands of ihe United Slates Sielong exclu-
sively to the people of the United States, and whenever dis-
posed of, the avails thereof ought to enure to the equal and
common benefit of all the States; and whereas the present
condition of this great national property furnishes a dangerous
temptation to political ambition, enabling it to operate on pub-
lic sentiment in certain portions of the country, by proposi-
tions and promises to cede to the States the public lands si-
tuated within their respective limits; and whereas all such
propositions are in derogation of the trust under which this
great public fund is held, and are calculated to subvert the
confidence of the people .in the justice and purity of the Na-
tional Government; and whereas a subject of such magnitude
and exciting interest, ought to receive the speedy action of Con-
gress; be it therefore
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be in-    i
atructed to report to this House, on the earliest convenient day,   •
a bill to secure to the several States their just rights and inte-
rests in the public lands, and providing that the proceeds of those
huida, sold from time to time, shall be distributed.among the
States upon just and equitable principles.
On motion of Mr. MONTANYA,                                          j |
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency and propriety of erecting a bea-
coo light at the termination of the pier constructed by the New
York and Erie railroad into the Hudson river, at Tappan bay,
for the benefit of the navigation of said river.
Mr. DANA submitted the following, which lies over:
Resolved, That during the remainder of the present session
of Congress, the daily meetings of this House shall com-
mence at 11 o'clock a. m. until otherwise ordered.
Mr. KEMP3HALL submitted the following, which lies over:   \ \
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of fortifying the frontier
on Lake Ontario, and especially of protection and defence of
the harbor of Genesee and the city of Rochester.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following, which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation for    j
the impiovement of the harbor at Little SoJus, on Lake Onta-    '
rio, and to report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. REM BLE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be di-
rected to inquire into the present state of the light house sys-
tem of the United States, and to report such modifications, if
any, aa they may deem necessary to its greater efficiency and
economy.
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of so modifying the laws
tor the collection of the revenue as to permit the entrance,
for the benefit of drawback, of goods, wares, and merchandise,
intended to be transported through the territories of the United
Sutes into the adjacent territories of foreign powers in amity '
with the United States.
On motion of Mr. GATES,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing a pension to
Jacob Jackson, of New York.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire in'o the expediency of fortifying the Niaga-     i
ra frontier, and especially of providing for the protection and
defence of the harbor and city ofBaffalo.
Mr.   FLOYD submitted  the following, which lies over:
Rsotved, That a Select Committee be appointed to  inquire
into and report upon the expediency of erecline a monument in
commemoration of thebattleof Orishany, in the State of New
York.
Mr. HOFFMAN submitted the following, which lies over:
Resolved, That all petitions, except those which may come
within the role in regard to petitions touching slavery, may be
tended to the Clerk, and by him referred to the appropriate
committees, under the directions of the members offering
tfcem.
Mr, MONBOK submitted the following, which lies oyer:
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Resolved, That five thousand addiiinnal copies of th« report
on the Smithsonian bequest be published for the ase oí the
members of the House.
Mr. G. DAVIS submitted the following, which lies over.
Resolved, That the first section of the second article of the
Constitution of the United States, by declaring "that the Execu-
tive power shall be vested in a President of the United States
of America," does not ordain and establish any Executive pow-
er; but the only purpose and effect of this language is, to vest
such Executive powers as are created in other clauses of the
Constitution in the President, except so far as those powers
may be differently vested in whole or part by the Constitution.
Resolved, That the following language in the second section
of the second article, viz: 'he (the President) shall nominate,
and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall ap-
point ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges
of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United States,
whose appointments are not herein otherwise provided for, and
which shall be established by law. But Congress may, by law,
vest the appointment of such inferior officers as they may think
proper, in the President alone, in the courts of law, or in the
heads of departments. The President shall have power to fill
up all vacancies that may happen during the recess of the Se-
nate, by granting commissions, which shall expire at the end of
their next session," being the whole of so much of the Constitu-
tion as ordains and establishes, or invests any power of appoint-
ing to office, in all appointments, except to inferior offices pro-
vided for by a law of Coneress, or to fill vacancies that may hap-
pen during the recess of the Senate, the action of the Senate is
as essentials that of the President.
Resolved, That the power of removal from office is not ex-
pressly ordained and established, or vested by the Constitu-
tion, but, from necessary implications, results and attaches to    [
the appointing power instituted by the Constitution.                    ]
Resolved, That as a power of removal from office under the i
Constitution can be derived only by implication, and by reason
and analogy, to attribute its existence and rightful exercise to
one branch of the appointing poweris equally illogical and un-
constitutional, and produces in the President an augmentation
of power dangerous to constitutional liberty; wherefoie, the
President cannot remove an officer, in whose appointment the
concurrence of the Senate is required by the Constitution, un-
less the Senate, also, shall unite in the act of removal.
Resolved, That as the President is empowered by the Con-
stitution to appoint to all vacancies that may happen during
the recess of the Senate, and to commission such appointees
until the expiration of the next session of the Senate, and is
thus placed in possession of the whole appointing power pro
tempore; the correlative and parallel power of removal from
office temporarily, and operating for the same term of time,
ves's in the President, by implication and analogy; wherefore,
during the recess of the Senate, the President has the power to
remove or suspend such officers from their respective offices
until the end of the next session of the Senate; and unless the
Senate shall then have concurred in, the removal by the Presi-
dent ceases to operate, and the incumbent, by the operation of
the Constitution, is restored to his office, and all its rights and
privileges, as fully as though such suspension or temporary re-
moval of him by the President had never been made.
.Mr. HAND submitted the following, which lies over:
'Resolved, That 5 000 copies of documents No. 118, of the 2d
session of the 25th Congress (being the pension laws then in
force) be reprinted for the use of the members of this House.
Mr. BOYD submitted the following, which lies over:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed, to examine
intothecondilionof the Military Academy at West Point, with
a view to the modification or repeal of such of the laws relative
thereto, as propriety may BUggest.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted the following, which lies
over:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to report a bill relinquishing and surrendering the
Cumberland road to the States respectively through which it
passes, in its present condition, upon such terms as the commit-
tee may deem expedient; and in order to enable the States
through which the said Cumberland road passes to complete
the same after it has been surrendered to them; and to do jus-
tice to the other Sates, by enabling them to share, in common
with the States through which the Cumberland roa* passes,
the funds which properly belong to all the States; the said com-
mittee is further instructed to report a bill providing for the dis-
tribution of the nett proceeds of the sales of the public lands
among all the Slates, in proportion to their Federal population
respectively.
Mr. W.- B. CARTER submitted the following, which lies
over:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed, whose du
ty it shall be to inquire into the expediency of extending the
provisions of the act of Congress for the benefit of the surviv-
ing officers and soldiers of the Revolutionary army, passed the
7th June, 1832, so as to embrace those who were engaged in the
wars of the United States, which occurred between the treaty
of peace with Great Britain in 1793, and the treaty of Green-
ville, with the Indians, in 1795, and that the said committee
have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. J. HASTINGS submitted the following, which lies over:
Whereas the Cadets of the Military Academy at West Point
being educated gratuitously by the peop'e of the United States,
at an expense of above $2,000 each, justice and gratitude and
sound policy, predicated upon those principles, demand that
the orphan sons of those who have fought and bled and died in
the service of their country, have the first claim upon our con-
sideration for admission to the advantages of being educated at
this national establishment; therefore, be it
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of giving the sons of
soldiers, whether of the regular army, or of the militia, or of
volunteers, whether officers oi privates, who have died or been
killed in the service of the United States; and likewise the sons
of sailors and marines, whether officers or privates, who have
died or been killed in the same service, the preference over all
other applicants for admission into the Academy or Military
School at West Point.
Mr. STANLY submitted the following, which lies over:
Whereas, by the withholding of the fourth instalment by
this Administration, the State of North Carolina is deprived of
nearly half a million of dollars, which fourth instalment is part
of the proceeds of the public lands; in order, therefore, that the
said fourth instalment be paid to the State, notwithstanding the
opposition of this Administration, be it
Resolved by the Senate and Borne ofRspresentatives qf
tht United States, That the Secretary of theTreasuiy be 41.
rected, whenever there is sufficient money in the Treasury, io
pay over the amount of said fourth instalment due to the State
of "North Carolina, to the proper authorities of said State, tti
aid said Slate in carrying on her public schools ar.d internal im-
provements, if she choose so to dispose of it.
Mr. MONTGOMERY submitted the following, which lies
over:
Whereas our glorious and successful struggle in the Revolu-
tionary war for national independence was a joint common ef-
fort, in which the patriots in all the Mates in the Cor.feder&cy
freely aided and contributed an equal proportionate share of
their blood, suffering, aud treasure; and whereas the people m
all the States and Territories within the Union now er.joy equal-
ly and alike the inestimable blessing  of liberty and happiness
thereby gained; and whereas, with our national liberty, there
was also gained, as a joint common stock fund, an immense pro-
perty in public lands, more than twelve hundred millions of
acres of which remain yet asa part of this joint common slock
undisposed of, in which the whole people of these United Slates
and Territories have, and hold, a good bona fide title and equi-
table anil proportionate interest in tee simple, and which is here-
after tobe disposed of by some mode to be by Congress pointed
out; and whereas, in the year 1835, the last dollar of our national
debt, as well that created by the war of the Revolution as
that incurred by the war of 1812, and from all other sources
whatsoever, was fully paid off, and all claims upon us, as a na-
tion, for debts, were fully paid off, cancelled, aud satisfied; and
whereas ours was intended to be a cheap, plain, Republican
Government; and inasmuch as the present Executive, in his
late message to both branches of Congress, dated 24th December
last, has not only recommended a strict and rigid economy, but
has actually practised it himself, by reducing the annual esti-
mates called for by him for the service of the year 1840, down to
thesum of eighteen millions two hundred and eighty thousand
six hundred dollars and fifty-five cents, that sum being lees by
over five millions of dollars—be it therefore
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled. That,
after the year 1840, the annual expenditure for the ordinary
purposes of this Government in time of peace, shall not exceed
the sum of fifteen millions of dollars, exclusive of the Post
Offiue and trust funds.
2.  Be it further resolved by the authority aforesaid, That
when Congress shall, at any session, (ass appropriations for
the expenditures of any one year beyond those ihe actual ex-
penditure in the year 1839 will amount to, (the Secretary
of the Treasury has recommended great reductions in the an-
nual expenditures, and gives a plan by which it can be done
without injury to the public service, should Congress only lend
their aid in carrying out these several recommendations proposed
as above stated—the sum of $15,000,000,) it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury to scale down the salary, pay,
or compensation, paid to all and every officer in this Govern-
ment, and also to «cale down the amount appropriated to each
object for which appropriations are made for that year, in equal
proportions, until the expenditures shall come within the sum of
fifteen mill ions of dollars for actual expenditure and the sum of
three millions of dollars to meet outstanding drafts upon the
Treasury, that may be in transitu.
3.  Be it resolved by the authority aforesaid, That the pub-
lic land belonging to the United States'isa remainder of a joint
common stock fund, to which all the people of the United
States have an equal and just proportionate joint com-
mon stock interest.
4.   Be it therefore resolved by the authority aforesaid,
That the proceeds arising from the sale of the public lands, toge-
ther with all other moneys that shall be in the Treasury of
the United States at the expiration of each fiscal year after the
year 1840, over and above the sum of fifteen millions of dol-
lars for the ordinary expenditure, and the further ssmof three
millions to meet outstanding and unsettled drafts, and exclu-
sive of the Post Office and trust funds, shall be equally divided by
the Secretary of the Treasury among the States and Teirilories
of this Union, according to their representation upon this floor,
share and share alike, and paid over by the said Secretary to
such person, or persons, aa the Legislatures of the respective
States and Territories shall or may authorize to receive and re-
ceipt for the same.
6. Be it further resolved, by the authority aforesaid, That
Congress has no authority given it by the Constitution of the
United States to levy any taxes, eilher direct or indiiect, upon
the people of the United States, for any other purpose than the
immediate wants of the Government of the United States: that
revenue raised or taxes imposed, either direct or indirect, upon
the people, with a view to, or for, the object of creating a sur-
plus fund in the Treasury of the United States, for distribution
among the States, or for any other object or objects than the
payment of the civil list, the army and navy of the United
States, and such other incidental expenditures as are required
for the legitimate objects of the General Government, are not
authorized by the Constitution, and are therefore not within the
power granted to Congress in the Constitution of the United
States.
6. And be it further resolved, by the aulhori{y aforesaid,
That so much of all laws fixing or defining the salaries or pay
of all officers or other persons receiving pay from Government
fur services rendered, as comes within the provisions of any of
the above resolutions, is hereby so modified as to conform to
the above provisions.
Mr. CHITTENDEN submitted the following resolution,
which was reas" for the information of the House:
Whereas in a communication made by the Clei k ofthis House
to some of the members thereof, on the 21st instant, and pub-
lished in the official organ of the Government in this city on the
same day, members of this House are not only charged with
gross violations of official duty, but with one of the highest
crimes known to ourlaws; and whereas it is the imperious duty
of the House to ascertain whether any of its members have, as
charged in that communication, practised abuses in the name
of said Clerk, either by the "forgery" of his name, or by ob-
taining it from him by means of ''misrepresentation" in such a
manner as to require the aid of said Clerk "in ferreting out the
real responsible culprit, that he may be punished," and whether
anv members ofthis House have (as is also charged in said com-
munication) sent packages through the mail, consisting of
"blank franks," under the fiank of "Hugh Garland. Clerk."
with (he intention "to cheat and defraud the revenue," that, in
case it shall be ascertained that any member of this House has
so far lost sight of the dignity of his station M to have been
guilty qf such a grow violation of dtitv and of the laws of thit)
