CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
Government, he may receive that punishment which he justly
merits; and that, in case the charges shall not be sustained, the
authors of the base and infamous slander  may "at least be held
up for the public scorn:" Therefore,    .
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of three persons, be
appointed to investigate the charges contained in the communi-
cation of said Clerk, whose duty it shall be to proceed with said
examination, and report to this House with as little delay as
possible; and that said committee have power to send for per-
sons and papers.
Objection being made,                          .,,,_,
Mr. CHITTENDEN moved a suspension of the rules to
let in the resolution; which motion prevailed—ayes 146,
noes 16.
Mr. C. then said that he was not disposed to occupy the time
of the Home by debate on the subject, and therefore, he would
move the previous question.
Mr. PETRIKIN said it was not in order to move the previous
question, the resolution not having been read, and the question
stated by the Chair,
The SPEAKBR directed the Clerk to read the resolution;
which was done; when,
Mr. CHITTENDEN again moved the previous question.
Mr. GALBRA1TH asked if an amendment would be in
order.
The SPEAKER said that the previous question being moved,
amendment were not in order.
Mr. BYNUM. Are all amendments to the proposition cut off
by moving the previous question?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. BYNUM. Then I shall vote against it, I am in favor of
the proposition, but am opposed to the preamble.
The second to the previous question was then carried—ayes
77, noes 64, and the previous question was carried without a
division.
The main question then coming up,
Mr. BANKS moved a division of the question, so as to take it
first on the resolution, and then on the preamble. He was op-
posed to the preamble, as Mr. Kendall had not made any such
charges as were stated in it.
Mr. CLIFFORD hoped the resolution and preamble would
be divided, and the question taken separately, because the pre-
amble assur s us that the Postmaster General has made the
charge that members ol Congress have been guilty of the crime
of forgery, which is not in accordance with the truth, as he
understood it, and therefore he desired to vote against that part
of the resolution, but did not object to the usual inquiry.
Mr. WISE submitted whether the resolution was separable
from the preamble, without destroying the sense. The law of
division was that every part divided should make a separate
sense of itself.
The SPEAKER decided that the question was divisible, as
the resolution contained a substantive proposition, and that the
rote must, in conformity with parliamentary practice, be taken
first on the resolution.
Mr. R. GARLAND called for the yeas and nays, which were
ordered, and the question was taken on the resolution, and de-
cided affirmatively—yeas 157, nays none.
The question then came up on the preamble, when
Mr. PETRIKIN called for the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered, and resulted in—yeas 91, nays 92.
So the preamble was rejected; when
Mr. WISE said that it was obvious to the Hou*e, that the re-
solution just adopted would be imperfect without some expla-
natory preamble. He hoped, therefore, the general consent
of the House would be given to the preamble he was about
t) offer, which would affirm nothing, and commit no one, but
merely explain the objects of the resolution. Mr. W. then
submitted the following:
"Wnereasxhe following correspondence, to wit."
This preamble only being in order by general consent,
Mr. PETRIKIN objected.
Mr. BANKS hoped the gentleman would withdraw the objec-
tion; he wished to see the resolution carried out in good faith.
Mr WME then moved to suspend the rules to let in his pre-
amble; which motion prevailing, Mr. W. submitted his pream-
ble; when
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to amend it by inserting the words
«communicated by the Clerk of this House."
Mr. WISE asked, Was the communication from the Clerk
of the House?
The Clerk responded that it was.
Mr. WISE said he was then willing ss to modify the pream-
ble.
And, after some farther conversation, the preamble was
adopted, as follows:
Whereas the following correspondence has been communi-
cated by the Clerk of the House to the members of the House,
viz.
Office op the House op Representatives V. S.
March 18, 1840.
Sot! In consequence of the abuses practised under my name,
as disclosed in the following correspondence, I am constrained,
rsspectfully, to decline franking any package for members of
Cong tese.                Yours, etc.
H. A. GARLAND,
Clerk House of Representatives United States.
Post Oppiob Department,
March 11,1840.
8m: I deem it as much my duty to you as to the public, to
apprise yon of the unwarranted use made of your name, as dis-
closed in the enclosed copy of a letter from the postmaster at
Hartford, Connecticut.
Whether your name in this case be a forgery, or whether
you were induced to write it by any misrepresentation, I beg
your aid in ferreting out the real responsible culprit, that he
may be punished, or at least held up for the public scorn.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
AMOS KENDALL.
Hook A. Garland, esq.
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
Office House op Repxisektativks U. S.
„     ..                                                  March 12,1840.
Sib: I have received your letter of yesterday, enclosing one
from the postmaster of Hartford, Connecticut, in which he
■tat ': "A gross abuse in relation to franking exists among the
members of Congress; in addition to bushels of newspapers and
speeches, daily received from our members of Conguts, load-
ing down the mails, there are large packages franked 'Hugh
Garland, Clerk,' which packages consist of biankfranks, and
are intended to cheat and defraud ihe revenue."
If Ihe packages, as he states, are endorsed "Hugh Garland,
Clerk," they were certainly not sent by me, for 1 never sign
my name in that way.
I am in the habit of franking packages for members of Con-
gress, under a construction of the law of 1827, which 1 found
. prevailing when I came isto office.
Under the law of 1825, section 27, the privilege of the Clerk
of the House of Representatives was limited to two ounces.
In 1827, it was extended so as to be only limited by a general
law which prohibits postmasters from mailing any packages
that shall exceed three pounds, except public documents.
My own impression is, that this privilege was intended for
the official business of the Clerk's office, and not for the use of
members of Congress.
But finding a different interpretation of the law prevailing,
and learning that it had been so construed from the begin-
ning, I have yielded to it. If, however, the Post Office Depart-
ment does not concur in this interpretation of the law, I shall
be pleased to know, for the information of the members of
Congress, and for the regulation of my own conduct in future.
Yours respectfully,
H. A. GARLAND,
Clerk of the House of Representa ves of United States.
Hon. Amos Kendall, Postmaster General.
Post Office Department,
March 18, 1840.
Sir: I duly received your letter of the 12ih, in reply to mine
of the 11th instant, and have re-examined the laws having refer-
ence to the franking privilege of the Clerk of the House.
The Department is now, for the first lime, apprised that the
act of 1827, extending his franking privilege, had been constru-
ed to authorize him to frank package* for members of Con-
gress.
The act of 1825 conferred on him, in common with members
of Congress, the piivilege of franking letters and packets not
exceeding two ounces in weight, excepting only documents
printed by order of either House, and so far from authorizing
the one to frank for the other, imposed on every person possess-
ing the franking privilege, who should frank "any letter or
letters other than those written by himself, or by his order,
on the business of his office," a penally ol ten dollars, from
which no one hut heads of Departments are in any such case
exempt. The only change in the law made by the act of 1827,
was to remove the limitation of two ounces on the Clerk's frank,
so that he may now'send and leceive by mail, packets not ex-
ceeding three pounds in weight. There appears to be not the
least ground for construing this act as authorizing him to frank
letters or packets for members of Congress, whether they weigh
more or less than two ounces; and it he now put hid frank on
"letters not written by himself, or by his order, on the business
of his office," he is unquestionably as much liable to the penal-
ty often dollars in each case, as if the act of 1827 had never
passed.
I am gratified to find, that your view of the law does not dif-
fer from that entertained by the Department, and that you are
ready, on ascertaining this coincidence, to abandona practice
entailed upon you by your predecessors. There seems tobe
something insatiable m "special privilege," which is ever striv-
ing to enlarge ilsclfbyallsortsof subterfugesand evasions. It.
isno less the duty ofthose connected with the legislation of the
country, than with those entrusted with the execution of its
laws, to give every grant of privilege which can only be enjoyed
at the expense of the people, a strict construction, and confine
its exercise to the narrowest bounds.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
AMOS KENDALL.
Hugh A. Garland, Esq.
Cleikofthe House of Representatives.
Mr. KING offered the following, which was objected to, and
lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby directed to send to this House all his correspondence and
the correspondence of any officer of his Department with any
bank or banks on the subject of borrowing or raising money on
sale and purchase of Treasury notes, or placing and receiving
them on deposit'; to inform this House what has been the ac-
tual cost of issuing Treasury notes under the several acts passed
from October, 1837, to Mai eh, 1839, inclusive, authorizing the
issue of Treasury notes; and to send to this Houses statement of
the interest paid and due on the several issues of Treasury notes
from October, 1837, to 30th June, 1839, inclusive, and the terms
on which they have been sold to any bank or banks, or to indi-
viduals, or placed on deposite.
Mr. JON ES of Virginia said he did not object to the resolution
of the gentleman from Georgia, and would take this occasion to
state, upon information on" which he could rely, that no com-
pensation had at any time been paid by the Secretary, either to
brokers or other persons, to convert Treasury notes into specie,
and that Treasury notes had at no time been exchanged by him
below their par value—that the course pursued by the Secre-
tary had been to require that thespecie should be deposited sub-
ject to his draft, before the Treasury notes were patted with by
him,
Mr. KING thereupon moved a suspension of the rules,
and asked the yeas and nays on that motion; which were
ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 74, nays 74. [Not two-
thirds.]
So the rules were not suspended.
On motion of Mr. C. MORRIS,
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Columbia
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing
the purchase of a sufficient quantity of land in the vicinity of
the city of Washington for the purpose of erecting an establish-
ment for the employment and support of the poor in said
city, upon the principle adopted in Salem, Massachusetts, and
other places.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce bs instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a port of entry
at Marietta, Ohio.
On motion of Mr. WELLER,
Resolved, That a select committee of three be appointed to
inquire whether any of the officers of this House have, during
the present session of Congress, furnished, at the expense of
the Government, stationery to any person not entitled by law
to the same, and ascertain and report the probable value
thereof.                        ___
On motion of Mr, SAMUELS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be in
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing James
Chambers a pension from an earlier period than the ISth of
June, 1839.
On m tion of Mr. WORTHINGTON,
Resolved, That the resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Maryland in relation to the improvements of the harbor
of Havre-de-Grace, passed at December session, 1838, and now
on the files of the House, be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce; and also the resolutions of the Legislature of the same
State, in relation to the establishment of a national foundry at
or near Havrede-Grace, now on the files of the House, be re-
ferred to the Select Committee on the Foundry.
On motion of Mr. STEENROD,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing a post route from the city of Wheeling, via Belen's
Station, Soellnan's, Fish Creek, to Woodlands Post Office, Mar-
shall county, Virginia.
On motion of Mr. P. F. THOMAS,
Resolved, That so much ol the annual report of the Secre-
tary of the Navy as relates to the claim for anears of pension
of Maria Harrison, only child of John Garde, deceased, late a
sailing master on board the United Slates ship L'Insurgente,
together with the proofs and other papers therewith submitted,
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to
inquire how much, if any thing, is justly due from the Unite
States to Adolphus Burghart, now deceased, who was a soldis
or officer in the army of the United States a part of the tim ,
during the last war with Great Britain; orto his heirs or lega,
representatives, on account of arrearages of his pay or loss o„
his property while in the service as such soldier or officer.        ,
Mr. TOLAND offered the following, which lies over:            f
Resolved, That f'Ur thousand copies of the reportof the Se-
lect Committee on Ihe Smithsonian Bequest be printed for the
use of the members.
Mr. J. JOHNSON submitted the following, which lies
over:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
be, and he is hereby, directed to keep an account of all eta-
tinneiy furnished to each member of the House, designating the
portions furnished at the folding room, at the Capitol, and at
other places; and that, hereafter, no articles of stationery be de-
livered, except upon personal application, or the written order
of members.
On motion of Mr. PETRIKIN,
Resolved, 'I hat the s- lect committee appointed to inquire
whether any of the officers of this House, etc. are engaged, or in
anyway concerned, for the promotion of private claims against
the Government, be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
bringing in a bill prohibiting any clerk, or other officer of eilhtr
House of Moneress, or any person holding any office or ap-
pointment under the Government of the Unitcdi States, acting
as agent nor attorney in the prosecution efany claim against the
Government of the United States, during ihe pending ef said
claim before either House of Congress, or before the Depart-
ments, agents, or officers of the Government; and that said com-
mittee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. GALBRAlTlf,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
inquire into the expediency of granting a pension to Mary
Brnokhouser, of Crawford county, Pennsylvania, for the ser-
vices of her husband in the Revolutionary war.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire into
Ihe expediency of extending the jurisdiction of the United States
courts over those parts of the Great Lakes within the boundaries
of the United States; or of extending the jurisdiction of the
State of Pennsylvania, by expiess terms, over that part of Lake
Erie west of the New York line, east of the Ohio Slate line, and
north of the territorial line, between the United States and the
British Provinces of Canada; and also inquire into the expedi-
ency of establishing a branch of the United States court at Erie,
in the fetate of Pennsylvania.
On motion of Mr. R. GARLAND,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs inquire into
the expediency and justice of paying to James Fenasye, late a
private in the Marine Corps, the sum of 419 66, which he claims
as prize money for assisting in the capture of certain Algerine
vessels in the Alediterranean sea in the year 1815, and that the
letters from the Secretary of the Navy and said Fenasye, hereto
annexed, be referred to said committee.
On motion  Mr. CIIINN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of rendering uniform the times,
places, and manner of electing members of the House of Re-
presentatives of the Congress of the United Stales, and that they
report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. DO AN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a po9t route from Scott to Locust Grove, and from Win-
chester to Locust Grove, in Adams county, Ohio.
On motion of Mr. WELLER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting a pension to
the widow of Captain Philemon Gatewoodj of the revenue ser-
vice, who died from disease contracted in the service of the
United States, whilst co-operating with the naval forces on the
coast of Florida.
On motion of Mr. REID,
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Columbia
be instructed to inquire what provision is made for the prison-
ers for crime and for debt in this District; and also into the ex-
pediency of making new provision for their support.
On motion of Mr. McKAY,
Resolved, That the President of the United States be request-
ed to cause to be prepared and communicated to this House, at
the commencement of the next session, all the opinions of the
Attorney General and other officers connected with the Execu-
tive, which give construction to the public laws not of a tempo-
rary character.
On motion of Mr. TRIPLETT,                                         .
Resolved, That a select committee be raised to inquire and
report whether any legislation be necessary to P1*""* ,2?,*
form of returns which shall entitle persons claiming to be elect-
ed members of the House, to be admitted to seats and mp™;
pate in the oiganfzation thereof; and, if so, to report a Dili pre-
scribing the form of said return.
On motion of Mr. STEENROD,                _-,„iT«a to Inform
Rttolted, That the Postmaster General be requuM w «raw *
