CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
Mr HOFFMAN moved that Mr. Cobwin be discharged
from the custody of the Serjeant-at-Arms, wiwout paying the
foes.
Thia question was taken by tellers, Messr*. TIoward of Indi-
ana, and AHDKBWsof Kentucky, and decided in the negative—
*TT?ieSreAKER then said that the next question would be
on permitting Mr. Cobwin to take his seat with payment of
Mr. BARNARD rose to a point of order; which was, whether
less than a quorumtould enforce a fine.
The SPEAKER said thst any number, not less than fifteen,
could compel the attendance of absent members.
Mr BARNARD. If  minority of the House can enforce a
fine, ¿hey can expel a member. Mr. B. was proceeding to ad-
dress the House on the question raised by him, when
Mr. WELLER called him to order, and asked whether he
could debate ibe question alter the Cha  had decided it, with-
out taring an appeal.
Mr. BARNARD. I will gratify the very courteous gentle-
man ftom Ohio, [Mr. Wbllkb,] and appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. PETRIKIN.   I demand the previous question on the
Mr. BARNARD. I desire the very orderly gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. PrraiKii ] to wait till he gets the floor, and
then he may move the previous question.
Mr. PETRIKIN.   1 don't want any of the insolence of the
gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER called Mr. PBTBiKTHto order.
Mr. PETRIKIN said he acknowledged the impropriety of the
language he used, but he was betrayed into it by the very inso-
lent and overbearing manner of the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. BARNARD called Mr. Pktmkih to order.
Mr.  PETRIKIN.   Then I call the gentleman from New
York to  order,  for words spoken of me personally disre-
spectful.
Mr. BARNARD was proceeding to debate the appeal, when
Mr. DUNCAN called on him to reduce his appeal to writing.
Mr. BARNARD said that he would not reduce his appeal to
writing on the demand of the gentleman from Ohio; and conti-
nued his remarks in support of the appeal for a short time;
when
The SPEAKER required him to reduce it to writing.
Mr. BARNARD then withdrew the appeal.
Mr. COR WIN desired to make an additional explanation.
While he had had the honor to hold a seat on that floor during
nine years, no action of this kind whatever had taken place. He
had no desire to object to the House coming to any decision, in
his own case, that might answer (he pui poses for which these
proceedings were instituted; but he desired that if any action
was to be had that was to set an example forall times hereafter,
that would supersede the necessity of enforcing the attendance
of members, a quorum should be present to decide what that
action should be.    He would observe that he had been here for
nine years, and had never before been the subject ol censure for
absence from hit duties till this time.   He saw many gentlemen
around him who seemed disposed to make ajest of the whole
affair—he saw others in their chttirs, and he could see but little
more criminality in being asleep at home in bed, and being
asleep here within the bar.   Mr. C. again restated his cause of
absence, and then
The question on discharging him, upon the payment of the
few, was taken and carried, duiing much disorder and confu-
sion.
The other gentlemen on the list were severally called, and the
same interrogatory as that put to Mr. Cobwin by the Spbakbr
having been put to them in their order, they excused them-
selves as foi ows:
Mr. RANDOLPH had paired off with a gentleman, and was
not aware that ihe House was in session till sent for. Dis-
charged on the payment of the fees.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Left the House in' consequence of
indisposition; was too unwell to sit up. Excused «knout pay-
ment of fees.
Mr HILL of North Carolina. Pleaded indisposition. Was
in the House till nearly It o'clock, and, being unwell, retired to
his room.   Excused without payment of fees.
Mr. FISHER, when called upon, asked at what time it was
that he was absent. On being answered at 2 o'clock in the
morning, he said: I was absent from the House, then, when it
was full ten hours after the usual time of adjournment. If I
bad been absent during the usual hours of doing business, I
would have felt that I had committed a gross dereliction of
duty; but having been absent ten hours after the usual hour of
adjournment, and that, too, after having attended in the House
for twelve hours, he had no other reason to give for his absence
than that he was away. Discharged on tbe payment of the
less.
Mr. ALLEN of Ohio was called, when
Messrs. DUNCAN and HOFFMAN reminded tbe Chair that
Mr. Alum had already been excused on account of indisposi-
tion, both of himself and family: discharged without pjymsnt
of fees.
Mr. JOHNSON of New York had paired off with Mr. Strong
of New York on the 13th instant, and could not, consistently
with propriety, vote till that gentleman's return, lie would not
attempt to justify the practice of pairing off, and would, there-
fore, submit his case to the judgment of the House: discharged
without the payment of fees
Mr. WARREN excused himself by saying, that seeing the
determination qf the majority to pass the bill that evening, and
the determination of- the minority to resist, and believing the
contest would not bs a very creditable one to the Congress of
the United States, he determined to take no part in it: dis-
charged upon the payment of fees.
Mr. KEMPSHALL sat here till a very late hour; got tired and
sleepy, and a little heavy; complained of bad health: discharged
upon the payment of fees.
Mr. GlDDINGS of Ohio pleaded his general industry and at-
tention to the business of the House, and excused his absence
on tbe ground of the weakness of his eyes, and the injurious
effect on them, produced by the glare of so many candles.
Dicharged upon the payment of fees.
Mr. HOOK excused himself by saying that he had been
generally attentive to his dories. Last night he felt somewhat
indisposed, end retired to his lodgings. Regretted that he did
not remain there.   Discharged upon the payment of fees.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana. Excuse not heard by the Reporter.
Discharged without payment of fern.
Mr. JOHNSON of Virginia. He could say with the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] that he had been for more than
ten years a member of this House, but he could not say with
him that this was the first time he had ever been arraigned
for absence from his seat, for he had on several occasions not
only been arraigned, but fined; and he could say to the House
that there was no debt that he paid with more cheerfulness. He
Was in the House attending to his duties, from ten o'clock in
the morning until ten o'clock at night, and he felt that his health,
as weil as liis morals,'required that he should be in bed ata
seasonable hour. He threw himselfon the mercy of the House.
[Laughter.]   Discharged upon the payment of the fees.
Mr. CAMPBELL ol South Carolina Had no disposition to
commit a breach of the rules of the House. He remained in
his seat until ten o'clock at night, and then returned to his
lodging.   Discharged on the payment of fees.
Mt.McCLELLaN remained y> the House till ten o'clock at
night, and his health requiring him to take rest, paired off with
one of his colleagues. This was the first time he had ever
been arraigned for absence from the House, and he was per-
fectly willing to abide by its decision. Discharged on the pay-
ment of fees-
Mr. CALVARY MORRIS had been absent in consequence of
extreme indisposition, was still Bartering with a severe pain in
his side.   Excused without payment of the fees.
Mr. SALTONSTALL said he would undertake to say,
that since he had been here, no member had been more
constant in his attention to his duties than he was. He
remained here last evening till after ten o'clock, and after
the motion made by his friend from New York, that the com-
mittee rise had failed. He confessed, without intending any
disrespect to the House that he was astonished at the vote
taken on that motion, and that, in all probability, the gentleman
would not be allowed an opportunity of addressing the House.
Under these circumstances, he apprehended that there would
be scenes in tbe House that it would not be honorable for
him to witness and to lake part in. It being also necessary
for the preservation of his health that he should avoid irregu-
larities, i he therefore retired to his lodgings. Discharged
upon the paymentof fees.
Mr. BUTLER of Kentucky had eat in the House for ten
hours, and was tired, hungry, and sleepy. He believed it would
be a night of speech making, and not of business, and, as he
had generally been an attentive listener to speeches, he con-
cluded he had done his share of that part of legislative duty,
and therefore he, at ten o'clock, paired off with a friend. Dis-
charged upon the payment of fees.
Mr. CAMPBELL of Tennessee left the House at ten o'clock,
and, in accordance with the custom of all orderly men, went to
bed. He had no favors to ask of the House, and particularly in
the condition uf which lie found some of its members. Dis-
charged upon pay ment of the fees.
Mr. CUSHING had no excuse to give, but out of respect to
the intimation of the Chair, he would state the circumstances
attending his absence. In conformjty with the usage of every
member of tbe House, and expecting to be sent for should his
vote be wanted, he went home and went to bed. He wished,
however, to say one word with regard to the motion that would
probably be made in his case [to discharge him upon payment
of the fees] He denied that he was in the custody of the
Sergeant-at-Arms, or that he ever was. He came to the House
voluntarily, on the information of one of the pages that
he was wanted. If the House, upon the false assump-
tion that he was in custody, chose to impose a pe-
nalty upon him, he wished the fact to be known. Gen-
tlemen who were absent from the city were not sent for and
would not be fined, while those who were here and ready to at-
tend to their duties when summoned, were, it seems, to be fined.
This was strangely inconsistent, and he desired to know whe-
ther the House was prepared to carry out this principle. If he
had been contumacious, and refused to come when sent for,
the House might punish him for it; but as it was—that he had
come immediately on being sent for, and as he was not in the
custody of the officer of the House, he ought not to be fined.
Mr. SALTONSTALL argued that his colleague was in the
custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms—that his being sent for by a
messenger, instead of being brought bodily by the Sergeant-at-
Arms himself, did not vary the case, and was only a more re-
spectful mode of treating the gentleman.
Mr. Cdshino was then discharged upon payment of the
fees.
Mr. GENTRY said he left the House at 12 o'clock at night,
perceiving that there was a very strong disposition in one par-
ty to debate the question in Committee of the Whole, and a
strong disposition in the other party to sit out the debate. He
had no wish to participate in the debate, nor did he desire
to listen to the speeches that should be made. Having been for
the most part of his life a man of regular habits, he went home
and went to bed. Most unfortunately for him, however, this
House, by its messenger, intruded itself into his bed room this
morning, and disturbed him out of his sweet sleep, in conse-
quence of which he looked upon himself as the injured party,
and therefore an apology was due to him, instead of from
him. Inasmuch, however, as it would be inconvenient
for every gentleman of the House to call on him and
apologize, he would take it for granted that it was
done, and he would agree with the House that they
should mutually excuse each other. This was the head and
front of his offending, and the length and breadth of his speech.
Discharged upon the payment of fees.
The SPEAKER here said that the list of those in custody
was nsw gone through with, and that the Sergeant at.Arms re-
ported that there were three gentlemen whose rooms, being
locked, he could not get in. These were Mr. Patntkr, Mr.
Bbll, and Mr. Calhoun. 7 There were, the Sergeant-at-Arms
also reported, five gentlemen who had not answered the sum-
mons of the House. These were Mr. Hill of Virginia. Mr.
Williams of North Carolina, Mr. Mason ol Ohio, Mr. Clark
of New York, and Mr. BoTLBBof South Carolina.
On motion of Mr.'HOPKINS, it was ordered that the absen-
tees be sent for.
Mr. STANLY then offered the following resolution:
Whereas the calls of the House heretofore have cost the Go-
vernment several hundred dollars by excusing those gentlemen
who were summoned by the Sergeant-at-Arms:
Therefore resolved, That those members who shall be sum-
moned to attend by the Sergeant-at-Arms shall pay the fees due
■aid officer.
This resolution being objected to,
The CHAIR ruled that it was out of order to introduce it at
that time.
Mr.   STANLY renewed his attempt to offer his reso-
lution.
Mr. PETRIKIN objecting,
Mr. STANLY said the gentleman from Pennsylvania had
no right to object, as he had received two days more pay than
he was entitled to, and had left the ci y an a formersession with-
out leave.
Mr. PETRIKIN said if the Chair did not protect him. ho
would protect himself, and in a way the gentleman would not
much like.
The CHAIR ruled the resolution not to be in order.
[It was now past 6 o'clock in the morning.]
Mr. HOFFMAN moved that the House adjourn: decided by
yeas and nays in the negative—yeas 38, nays 101.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STANLY renewed his attempt to introduce the above re-
solution.
Mi. PETRIKIN again objecting, it was declared out of
order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that the call be suspended, and
that the doors of the House now be opened.
This was decided by yeas and nays, as follows—yeas 17,
nays 113.
So the House refused to suspend the call.
Mr. DAWSON moved that the House take a recess.   He ap-
pealed to gentlemen on all sides, observing that proceedings like
these were oppressive, and disgraceful to the body.
The CHAIR said the motion could only be received by gene-
ral consent.
Many objecting, it was not entertained.
Mr. M. A. COOPER inquired of the Chair whether the order
to the Sergeant-at-Arms had not been to bring all the absentee*
into the Housel
The CHAIR replying in the affirmative—
Mr. COOPER further asked whether the House was  not
bound to wait and receive them'l
The CHAIR replied that it was, unless the call should he sus-
pended.
Mr. COOPER then asked whether they must wait for those
who were absent from the cityl
Tbe CHAIR said they were not understood as included in the
order.                                                ,
Mr. CRAIG said a number of gentlemen were in waiting at
the door, and moved they be admitted.
Mr. DKOMGOGLE moved to suspend all further proceed-
ing in the call.
Some member moved that, when  the House adjourn, in ad-
journ to meet at lOo'clocka. m. this day.
This was negatived without a count.
Mr. HOFFMAN moved that, when the House adjourn, it ad-
journ to meet at 12 o'clock noon.
Tbe yeas and nays were demanded by Mr. WELLER on this
motion, and, being taken, resulted as follows—yeas 33, nays 99.
So the House refused Mr. Hoffman's motion.
The Sergeant-at-Arms now again entered the Hall, and re-
ported that he had in custody, and present in the House, the
following gentlemen, viz: Messrs Waddy Thompson, Deberry,
Rhett, Graham, Prentiss, Butler of South Carolina, S. Mason,
Bynum, C. H. W illiams, Rogers, Pickens, Evans, Rives, and
Hill of Virginia.
¡ The SPEAKER addressing Mr. Thompson of South Caro-
lina, the first on the list, said: Mr. Thompson, you have been
absent from the House without leave of the House. If you
have any excuse to offer for your absence, the House is now
ready to hear it.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina said that he had wit-
nessed some of these night scenes before, and he knew that ton
members were enough to answer to the calls of the rolls. Be-
sides, being a military man, he went home to lake his sleep that
he might be in a condition to relieve guard in the morning.
Having thus had ten hours sleep, he was now ready to do duy
for the remainder of the day. Discharged upon the payment
ofth* fees.
The other gentlemen on the list were similarly addressed by
the Speaker, and excused themselves as follows:
Mr. DEBERRY remained at his post till near twelve o'clock;
was unwell and unable to sit out the night. Discharged with-
out payment of the fees.
Mr. RHETT. Remained in his seat till quarter past I
o'clock. Continued sitting in the House rendered him very un-
well, and he went home, and to bed. When the Sergeant-at-
Arms came for him, he answered that he w s too unwell to
answer the summons of the House. Discharged upon the pay-
ment ef fees.
Mr. PRENTISS said that he remained in his seat till 13
o'clock at night. Feeling unwell, he paired off with a colleague.
Dischareed on the payment of the fees.
Mr. GRAHAM. Excuses not heard in full; bat ill health was
one of them. This was the first time he had been absent from
the House during a call, since he had been a member of Con-
gress.   Excused without payment of fees.
Mr. BUTLER of South Carolina had no excúselo make, but
would state the facts. He was so unwell yesterday, that he
should not have attended the House at all, had it not been far
the important question that was before it. He remained in the
House as long as his strength permitted, and then retired to his
lodgings.    Excused without payment of the fees.
Messrs BÍNUM and MASON were also excused with-
out payment of the fees, on account of indisposition.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Tennessee said he left the House at 10
o'clock at night, having paired off with one of his colleague*.
He professed to lie as patriotic as most men, and as anxious to
do his duty to his country; but he did not like tho idea of dying
intheservice.   Discharged upon the paymentof fees.
Mr. ROGERS of South Carolina said that his health was bad
all the winter. He was not, it was true, sick when he left th*
House last night, but he knew that he would have become so,
had he sat here all night. Discharged upon the payment of
the fees.
Mr. PICKENS said he remained in the House till near ten
o'clock at night. He felt very much indisposed, and retired to
his lodgings. When the Sergeant-at-Arms first called on him.
he told himthat hewouldcome to the House if he would sena
him a hack; but the hack was not sent. Discharged upon tne
payment of the fees.                                              .   , ;„ji.«¿~h
Mr. EVANS of Maine was excused on account or roaispwa
tion without the payment of the fees.                        .i„  „ «nd
Mr. RIVES of Virginia left the House betw*.n •£""!•■*
twelve o'clock very unwell.   Excused without payment oi
tees,
Mr. BILLof Virginia. HadpairtdorrwithhiseoIleap ,[llr.
