290
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
townships ««fa acted on aad pronounce.! h-g*l by the Legul i-
ure of flaw Jersey. Bare Mr. M. referred to a contested else-
tien eaae in that LagWature, in which a member having been
excluded in coneaquence of the suppression of the Totea of this
township, and hie competitor put in, the Legislature counted
llNM Totea, and gave *he aeat to ihe excluded member. This
waa dnue, too- «po  * report by a Whig committee, and by a
Whig Legislature. Did gentlemen wiah for any lurther testi-
moor'
Mr. ADAMS interrupted Mr. M. again, bat hie remark «as
not heard.
Mr. MKDHX. All I can amy to the gentleman ¡a, that there
apenara to be a little difference between the Whig  there and the
Whig* here.
la retama to the relume of South Amboy, «re hare not only
the feet that they were suppressed, but the return of the clerk
himself, whh his signature and seal, stating that they were re-
ceived within the time required by law, and were placed on
file, but thai they were not in conformity with law. Now the
committee thought that the clerk waa not the proper person to
judge ol the law of ths case; they determined that they were
the judges, and not the clerk, and decided that the returns were
10 conformity with law. What w*a the reason the clerk sup-
pressed this return? lie alleged that Ihe name ol Ward was on
the list as an inspector of the elections, instead of Clark.
Mr. BOTTS here explained.
Mr. MED1LL continued. The only reason why this return
was not received, according to the clerk's showing, was that
than waa no certificate sent up that Mr. Ward had been elected
an inspector of the elections within the time prescribed by
law. Bat was this an argument against the legality of the
votes that were taken at this township! Did that make the
vates illegal! Would the gentleman 1 rom Massachusetts agree
to depure the people of New Jersey of one of the most esti-
mable privileges which belonged to freemen, because ol Ihe
«raiaetoa of tus mere matter of form on the part of the town-
ship officersl
Mr. JONS*of Virginia hen asked if the morning hour had
aot expired, and moved that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of this Whole, to take into consideratioo the Treasury
Mote bill.
Mr. BLACK asked permisión to present the report of the
Select Committee on Printing. This was the day on which the
committee was required to report, and the order of tha House
gave the subject the preference over all other business till dis-
posed ef. U« did oot desire or anticipate any debate, but mere-
ly wished to present the report and have it printed with the
testimony, so that he might be relieved from the charge im-
posed an him. This cook] be dona in five minutes. There
would be a report from the minority of the committee, and the
resolution ha was «bout to offer, also included that in the order
for printing. Mr. B. then submitted his report and resolution.
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana had no objection to .he motion;
bat ha wished to know if tha gentleman had reported on mat
branch of the sobject committed to them, which directed an in-
quiry into tha expediency of separating the public printing from
ihe political preasl He made this inquiry bacanas he wished to
notice this sobject in tha minority report, if tha chairman had
not dona so.
Mr. BLACK replied, that tha gentleman knew, aa well as be
did, that that branch of the subject was not touched on in the
report. The labors of the committee in collecting and examin-
ing a vast mass of testimony had been exceedingly arduous,
and they bad nef lima to make up a report so that subject.
They howevejVeootemplated doing so very shortly, and in time
for the Houe/to act on it.
The BPE/KER said that, by genera] consent, the report and
ould be received, and the resolution, without there
n, would be considered as adopted.
The' Hpuse then resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole oí the state of the Union, Mr. Dawson in the chair,
and «oojf into consideration the Treasury note bill.
Mr. f I1NCAN said when the House adjourned on yesterday
■Rite understanding that the question on the bill should
Jen to day. It has been said since that time that it was
e understanding that hie remarks should be limited to a
i period. That was not his understanding of the matter;
i ha felt that he was called upon, from a sense of duty,
rer at some length the unfounded charges against ths
Administration. One of those charges was matte by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Thompson,] that neither the
President in his message, or the Secretary of the Treasury in
h'tsrepoit,had intimated that there would be any deficit in the
Treasury, or any necessity for the issue of these Treasury notes.
The gentleman mads this charge when he had these documents
in htohand,commenting upon tbem. Now this chante was with-
out foundation, and the gentleman must have known it. But
it was not suitable to his purpose to read all the documents,
when commenting an them. The gentleman wished (said Mr.
D.) that it should go forth to the country, ss prophecy of his
own, that there would be a deficit in the Treasury, to get the
commendations of hie party m the nation for his clearsightedness.
Now (said Mr. D.) the President and the Secretary of the Trea-
sury both have said there would be a deficit in the Treasury;
that the receipts anticipated, from the revenues alone, would
not be adequate to the wants of the Government. The Secre-
tary stated that in a certain contingency, there would be a de-
ficit of upwards of two and a half millions. This charge has
been made by several of the gentlemen in the Opposition, and
áfcolated in their speeches, far an i wide, for political capital
by political imposition, when iba (acts in tha case were just
ths reverse of what they stated.
Mr. D. tbsn replied to that part of the charge of Mr. Thomp-
son of South Carolina, that the Government had paid off some
of its Florida troops in depreciated bank paper.   That gentle
man had told that tale three times, as with tears in his eyes; if
not in his own, he has at least nearly produced them in mine.
In reference to this charge ha replied that the Government had
nothing te do with iu   The Government happened to have no
funds at the time when the troops wsre discharged. The troops,
required their officers to make an arrangement with the banks
to get them money, and these officers did procure for them the
best bank paper that could be had.   It was done at their solici-
tation inadraase of the receipt of the funds af ths Government.
Bo much for that charge.   It had always been, and it was now,
a part of the principles of the Democratic creed, that there
should be a ssnnd currency—a gold and silver currency, the
only iow. and the constitutional currency.   It was to obviate the
dreadful effects of a depreciated currency upon the working
Classes and those soldiers who havs been fighting the battles of
ths country, and to save them from the swindling operations of
the banks, tliat the exertions of the Democratic party had been
directed; for, during the past and present Administrations, the
Sub-Treasury, which has been so much denounced had been
brought forward to that end. It wasflhe policy of the past and
present AdmiieSstrationsto secure to the laborer a just reward for
his labor, in specie or its equivalent, and not in a depreciated
paper, as liad been charged. The efforts of the gentleman and
his party have been directed to thwart t >e Administration in
their efforfs to bring about a currency, stable in value.
Mr. D. then adverted to the Treasury specie circular, which
had been so frequently denounced by the gentleman from South
Carolina, and the party to which he was attached. He asked
that gentleman what would have been the desolating effects
upon the country, if the depreciated bank paper had coniinued
to be received by the Government! As it was, the greater part
of the public domain passed into the hands of rapacious specu-
lators. If this circular had not been resorted to, all the public
lands would have passed into the hands of these speculators,
and bank officer*, and bank agents, befoie the reaction,
and without any equivalent to the Government. The
great fault was that the circular was not issued soon
enough to prevent the blighting effects upon the interests
of the nation in consequenre of the receipt of the worth-
less rags of the banks. It is one of the standing charges against
the Administration, that it was opposed to all local banks. The
Administration was not more op|io9ed to them now than for-
merly. The Democratic party nsve ^^ always opposed to
their corruptions and abuses. The opposition to the banks, by
the Administration party, grew outof tho high handed course of
these institutions towards the Government. They bade defiance
to the Government, and disregarded the laws made for their go-
vernment. They have shut their doors against the power ofthe
people to ferret out their abuses. Notwithstanding the Presi-
dent recommended time to these institutions to pay up the many
millions of the public funds which ihey held on to by closing
their doors, yet he is denounced by the Federal party as being
inimical to the banks, and as being desirous to crush them. Yet
this is the evidence of hostility. The President and the Demo-
cratic patty are opposed to their abuses.
Mr. D. then replied to the complaints of Mr. Thompson of
South Carolina, that the Executive had improperly managed
the Florida war, and had not acted with sufficient energy, lie
went into a full history of that war, showing, by official docu-
ments, that the President employed all the forces which Con-
gress placed at his disposal, with great promptness, and that he
had commanded the services of all the best officers of the na-
tion in that war. The difficulties existed in the nature of the
country, and not ia a.Iefect of the means employed. Th  gen-
tleman who now complained that asufneient force was not sent
there, was the first of his party to denounce the President when
any call waa made for increasing the forces in Florida. There
waa no course the Administration could possibly devise on any
question, that would meet thehtpprobation of that gentleman and
his party. Their object waste overthrow the Administration,
if it overthrew the Government, and deprived the people of
their liberty. They are now endeavoring to excite ihe sympa-
thy of the people in behalf of the savages who are butchering
the defenceless women and children in Floriada, because it bad
been charged that the Government had employed bloodhounds
to ferret out these savages from their fastnesses. The charge
that the Government had employed them to worry the savages
is proved, by the report of the Secretary of War, to be without
foundation. But it could not be expected that, whatever means
the Government employed to save the suffering people of Flo-
rida from being butchered, those means would meet with the
approbation of a party that, during the last war with England,
invoked the vengeance ef Heaven on those who were bleeding
in defence of their coun'ry.
Mr. D. befoie concluding, showed, by documents, that the pu-
ritans of New England had employed bloodhounds against the
Indians.
Mr. D. raid he had a document in his hand, which contained
the yeas and nays taken during the present session, on questions
ofadjournmeot. He would publish it in his speech, to show the
people that there is no truth in the charge that the Democrats,
having the majority, would do Bolhing. Although the minority
can do nothing, they, can, by the rules, prevent the majority
from transacting the public business, and they have prevented
the majority from doing any thing. In the case of the New
Jersey contested election, the Democratic members, (who were
clearly elected) were not permitted to take their seats for three
months. Mr. D. remarked that he was aware of the important
business  to be transacted, and he would, therefore, retain the
floor no longer.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he did not rise for the purpose of
taking part in the many topics which had been introduced by
gentlemen who had spoken on this bill. When he first became
a member of Cougiess, the practice prevailed of referring the
President's message to the Committee of the Whole. At the
present session no such reference had been made, and it is to be
much regretted. If gentlemen cannot express their views on
one subject, they can «n another. Then let gentlemen pass this
measure, and do the business, and speak to Buncombe on some
other measure. Mr. Ü. would barely remark, that when the
compromise in respect to adjournment was proposed on yester-
day, that he did not consider himself pledged that the sub-
ject before the House should be disposed of to-day.
He would offer an amendment which, he thought, ought to be
received in good faith by every member. A considerable num-
ber believe, since the publication of the Madison Papers, that
Congress has no power to issue paper designed for circula-
tion. He thought there could be no difficulty, on constitutional
grounds, to pay this paper to a bona fide creditor of the Govern-
ment. If the creditor chose to throw it into circulation, they
had nothing to do with it. Confine the issue of these notes to
those who are bonafide creditors of the Government, and not
allow the Secretary of the Treasury to throw them into mar-
ket. If(said Mr. W.)you permit him to do so, you give him a
part in the legislative department of the Government. I wish
to confine ths Secretary ofthe Treasury to the issue of those
notes to the bonafide creditors of Jthe Government, and not give
him ths power to throw it asa part ofthe circulating medium
of the country. He concluded hy sending to the Chair an
amendment as an additional section to the bill, which was read
for information, and which he intended to submit when in or-
der, viz:
Be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained
shall beso construed as to authorize the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, or any officer of the Government, to make a deposite of
any amount of Treasury notes with any bank, and to allow such
bank the accruing interest on the Treasury notes so deposited,
and, in consideration thereof, to acquire the right to check upon
the bank for the amount, ort, in any other manner whatever to
use the Treasury notes, or any part thereof, which may be
issued in pursuant* of this act, to obtain a loan or advance of
money upon the ciedit of such notes, or by a sale thereof, it
being the intention  l Congress not to authorize the issue of
Tieasuiy notes in favor of any person or persons, except a bona
fide creditor of the Government.                          r-nnmtn    r
The debate was further continued by Messrs. LOOl hH of
Georgia and MONTGOMERY of Noith Cirolina, in lavor ol
the bill, and TILLING HAST, in opposition.
Mr. MONROE said he did not rise to make a speech at that
time in the evening,but to appeal to members on all sides to come
to a conclusion. After relerring to some remarks in the speech
of the member from Ohio [Mr. Duncan] on the Florida war,
Mr. M. said he considered himself under an implied pledge, by
the anangemenl of last evening, to do nothing which might pre-
vent the hill being disposed of this evening, and would there-
fore not detain the House by any further remarks.
Mr. PICKENS said he joined in the appeal ol the genUernan
from New York, who had juBt taken his seat. He appealed to
the moderate men of all parties to settle the question.
It was a simple proposition to issue five millions in Trea-
sury notes. The chairman ofthe Committee ol Ways and
Means has informed us that the measure is necessary for
the operations of the Government; and yet, night after night,
we are detained here in listening to speeches which have
hardly any reference to the subject, but full of the political
slang of the day. He appealed to gentlemen: was this a pro-
per" course? He had been himsell opposed to the bill,
and was prepared to vote against it, and had said
so openly—not because it was unconstitutional, but he
considered it an unsafe precedent. He had heard with
pain, since he had taken his seat there to-day, ofthe probability
of this Government being Involved in difficulties wnh a foreign
power: he trusted these difficulties might be avoided, but was
this a moment to be wrangling over small matters? He hoped
there would be no collision, but he had serious apprehensions
that the friendly relations subsisting between the two countries
could not be preserved, and he was willing to give the Go-
vernment the means of support, and would again join in the ap-
peal of the gentleman from New York to the House to act up-
on and settle this question.
Mr. RICE GARLAND then resumed and concluded his re-
marks in opposition to the bill; when, ataquarterto ten o'clock,
Mr. GRAVES obtained the floor, and, after some remarks on
what he called the violent appeal made by the member from S.
Carolina [Mr.PicitBNs] to the moderate portion ofthe Hi use, in-
timated an intention of addressing the House at length, not only
on the bill itself, but on the political relations of the sections of
the party which supported it. Mr. G. however, yielded the
floor to
Mr. BELL, who hoped that both sides would consent that the
committee rise, and that tha bill be made the special order for
to-morrow. Mr. B. thought the incidents of this day's debate
required or justified that course.
Mr. BROWN of Tennessee inquired whether the gentleman
from Tennessee I Mr. Bell] was present when the agreement
was made yesteidayl
Mi. BELL said he was not himself a party to that agreement.
He was desirous to dispose of this bill, but he thought, from
Gresent prospecta, it could not be disposed of until a very late
our. He thought the health ef the members required that
the course he liad suggested should be adopted; and that, under
such a course, the bill would be disposed of in a manner more
consistent with propriety. It would certainly trench on the bu-
siness of which the gentleman from New York [Mr. Russau.]
kept such faithful charge; but he (Mr. B.) thought that, under
the circumstances, the gentleman could net object.
Mr. GRAVES was indisposed, he said, to do any thing which
might have a tendency to set aside the agreement, if gentlemen
insisted on carrying it out, though he thought the spirit of it had
been broken in upon by gentlemen on the other side, who had
occupied so great a portion of the day in the discus ion of irre-
levant topics. If it was the wish of the committee, he was will-
ing to go on.
Mr. POPE said.if his colleague felt able to go on now,he hoped
he would proceed, and that this matter should be determined
at the present sitting, if we remained here until daylight. To-
morrow was private bill day, and he was averse to trespass-
ing on the little time allowed for the consideration of private
claims.
Mr BELL said that, although he was not a party to the agree-
ment, yet, if there was any agreement which the majority of
the members considered bind ng, his proposition, which was
made to both sides, would be abortive. He hoped they would
not be compelled to spend another night here as they had a for-
mer night, or even in discussion. A number of gentlemen suited
that they could not stay here without physicaTsviffering. The
taking ofthe yeas and nays alone, on the different questions,
would occupy a couple of hours.
Mr. HOWARD said, when the preposition was made yester-
day to adjourn, it was understood to be the result of a compro-
mise. He had voted against it, believing that no beneficial
result would flow from it, and so did a member from Ohio.
We were appealed to as moderate men, not to throw any ob-
stacles in the way of a compromise, and we were induced to
change our votes. He appealed to the member from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Graves] whether it was right and proper that the
health of one hundred members should be endangered, after
having been (with a brief interval of rest) forty hours
in session, pot by discussion on the bill, but for the pur-
pose of discussing tho politics of a party er the section
of a party. They owed it to one another—they owed it to the
health of individual members, to settle this question now. It
was supposed yesterday evening, by every one, that this ques-
tion would be settled to day. And what evidence was there
that it would be settled to-morrow, if another compromise were
entered into!
Mr. AN DREWS rose to a point ef order: whether it was in
order, while his colleague [Mr. Graves] had the floor, for a
member to discuss the question before the commute.
The CHAIR said that the member from Kentucky had yielded
the floor.
Mr. GRAVES.   Only for a proposition, not for a speech.
The CHAIRMAN said that, if the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Gratis] yielded the floor for any thing but a personal ex-
planation, or a motion to rise, or to take the bill out of remmit-
tee, he would lose his right to ths floor.
Mr. ANDREWS hoped, then, that his colleague, [Mr.
