CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
Graves, 1 if he yielded the floor «gain, would yield it per-
manently.
Mr. HOWARD renewed his appeal to Mr. Graves.
Mr. GRAVES said that, rather than lose his right to the floor,
he would proceed in his remarks; but, before doing go, he would
«ay a word in reply 10 the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. How
ard.] Of the nine hours during which the committee had been
occupied on the bill this day, only one hour had been occupied
by the Opposition; the other eight bad been taken up by Admi-
nistration members; and yet the gentleman from Indiana thought
that as much time had been given to the Opposition as they had
a right to expect. Enough on that head, lie would now pro-
ceed.
Mr. ALFORD rose, and (Mr. Graves having yielded for the
moment,) said he had not yet heard any friends of the mea-
sure object that the committee should rise, and the House ad-
journ.
Mr. GRAVES said that, after placing himself and his friends
ia an erect position, and freeing them irom any imputation of
having violated the agreement, he was willing, if the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means and his friends,
who had been parties to that agreement, were willing, to yield
for the molien indicated by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Alpord ] But he was not willing to be placed before the coun-
try as not carrying out the agreement, so far as he was con-
cerned.
A conversation here ensued between Messrs. GRAVES and
JONES of Virginia, the result of which was a declaration on
the part of the latter, that though there were many who desired
aa arrangement, yet, as there was a portion of the gentlemen
who usually acted with him that were unwilling to submit to
any, he did not, in that state of feeling, consider himself at
liberty to submit a proposition.
Mr. M. A. COOPER. Did that portion of the friends of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Jones,] who were unwilling to
submit to any arrangement, remain here all night at our last
sitting? If they did, I have nothing to say except this, that
they do themselves and the country injustice in thus perse-
vering.
[Loud cries of " order! order! we did stay here," &c. ]
Mr. GRAVES said he thought the voices of members were
about equally divided, one-half crying out " go on," and the
other " rise."    He thought, theiefore, he bad better proceed.
Mr. M. A. COOPER moved that the committee rise, and that
they agree to dispose of the bill between the hours of 12 and 4
to-morrow, (Friday.) If this was not agreed to, he must be ex-
cused from staying here all night.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS. I am willing to make the bill
the special order for to-morrow, and that is all I am willing
to do.
Mr. GOODE said to-morrow was set apart under the rules for
private business. He was opposed to any arrangement being
entered into the other day, and he was equally opposed now. He
had no confidence in such arrangements.
The CHAIR. The motion is that the committee rise. If gen-
tlemen make any arrangement or compromise, that is another
thing, which cannot be carried on through the Chair.
Mr. TRIPLETT. I make the specific proposition that the
committee rise without any contract, and that the bill be made
the special order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS. Are we to understand that if the
committee rise, the bill shall be made the special order for to-
morrowl
The CHAIR. The committee can make no such agreement:
if made at all, it must be done in the House.
Mr. M. A. COOPER.' With the leave of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Graves,] I now make the motion that the com-
mittee rise.     ____
Mr. TRIPLETT. I have already made that distinct mo-
tion.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi said he was a young mem-
ber here, but he supposed that all honorable men weie willing
to do what was fair and right. They came there expecting to
dispose of the bill to day. Many of them who hail remained
up all night on Tuesday were greatly fatigued, and he knew
were not prepared to sit up to-night. He proposed, therefore,
that the committee should rise and report the bill, or, if not re-
port it, that it should be made the special order for to-morrow;
failing in which, he proposed that they should again go back in-
to committee.
Mr. LINCOLN said he had taken no part in this controversy.
He had not been inclined to interpose any obstacle to the pas-
sage of the bill. He came here this morning prepared to vote
upon the bill according to the dictates of his own judgment; and
he did submit to this committee and to the House whether it
was becoming their character and standing before the nation to
be bargaining here upon what they would do on questions of
propriety. He was willing to sit and vote now, or to come here
to-morrow and do that which his conscience dictated to him he
ought, as a Representative of the people, to do in relation to the
exigencies of the country. But he would neither bargain nor
be bargained for by any body. If the majority thought proper
to go through with the hill to night, he was willing to remain
here and submit to the will of that majority—neither leaving
his seat nor avoiding bis vote.
[A voice. Were you here all nightl]
Mr. L. No, sir; I was not here. I was, by the providence
of God, laid upon a bed of sickness, and I was brought from my
bed early this morning, and have remained here from that time
to this, and I will remain.     But I will have nothing to do with
bargains.____
Mi. RHETT excepted to the opinion of the Chair on the
point of order, that the committee could not specify a time to
resume the consideration of the bill. He contended that the
committee could ask leave to rise and sit again at any designated
hear, and so from time to time, until they had completed the
business before them
The question then being about to be put on Mr. Thompson's
motion,
Mr. CLIFFORD demanded tellers, and Messrs. Welles and
Carter were appointed, who reported—ayes 85. noes 44.
So the committee rose.
A metion was then made by Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania,
that the bill be made the special order for 12 o'clock to-morrow;
hut this was found to come in conflict with a previous special
order heretofore made, and taking precedence of all other bu-
siness, to wit, the report of the Select Committee on the Public
Printing.
It appearing that the report, documents, journal of the com-
mittee, *c. would take some time in printing (as ordered this
day) for the use of the House—
The said report, on motion, was mad  the special order of the
day for Thursday of next week.
And the Treasury Note bill was then made the special order
for to-morrow (Friday) at 12 o'clock, to take precedence of all
other business.
And then the House, at half past 10, p. m. adjourned.
IN SENATE.
u   M7r.n=^„JHTOSDXY'March ™i 184°-
Mr. WEBSTER presented certain papers in relation to the
claim of the heirs of Robert Fulton; which were laid on the ta-
ble, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN presented a paper in relation to the claim of Dr.
M. Mansur; which was referred to the Committee onMilitaiy
Affairs.
Mr. SEVIER presented a lettei from the Secretary of War
requesting an appropriation for the removal of certain Chero-
kee Indians in the vicinity of Fort Wayne; which was referred
lo the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUBBARD pi esented the petition of citizens of Wiscon-
sin, praying an appropriation for certain internal improve-
ments; which was referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of 245 citizens of
Niagara county, New York, in favor of a general bankrupt
law; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
which was referred the memorial of the administrator of John
B. Fanning, made an adverse report thereon; which was or-
dered to be printed.
The Senate then went into Executive session for some time,
and when the doors were opened,
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Finance, to which
was referred the bill to reduce the diawbackson refined sugar
and rum, and to reduce the fishing bounties and allowances in
proportion to the reduced duties on sugar, molasses, and salt,
reported the same without amendment.
On motion by Mr. B. the bill was made the order of the day
for Monday the 15th of April.
The bill for the continuation of the Cumberland road in the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, was then taken up, and,
the question being taken on the amendment proposed by Mr.
Norvell, it was lost—ayes 1, nays 34.
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the bill, by inserting after
"Illinois," the words "east of Vandalia;" which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama proposed to amend the bill, by strik-
ing out the last section—(the two per cent, clause.)
After some remarks by Mr. CLAY of Alabama, and Mr.
YOUNG, the bill was postponed, and made the erder of the day
for to morrow.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
The CHAIR submitted the following message from the Pre-
sident of the United States:
To the Senate of the United States:
I transmit to the Senate, herewith, copies of official notes
which hare passed between the Secretary of State and the Bri-
tish Minister, since my last message, on the subject of the reso-
lutions of the 17th of January.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, 26th March, 1840.
Mr. F s to Mr. Forsyth.
Washington, March 13,1840.
The undersigned, her Britannic Majesty's Envoy Extraordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary, has been instructed by his
Government to make tfie following communication to the Secre •
tary of State of the United States, in reference to the boundary
negotiation, and the affairs of the disputed territory.
Her Majesty's Government have had under their consideration
the official note addressed to the undersigned by the Secretary
o( State of the United States, on the 24th of last December, in
reply to a note from the undersigned of the 2d of November
preceding, in which the undersigned protested, in the name of
his Government, against the extensive system of aggression
pursued by the people of the State of Maine withiffthe disputed
tenitory, to the prejudice of the rights of Great Britain, and in
manifest violation of the provisional agreements entered into be-
tween the authorities of the two countries at the beginning of
the last year.
Her Majesty's Government have also had their attention di-
rected to the public message transmitted by the Governor of
Maine to the Legislature of the State, on the 3d of January of
the present year.
Upon a consideration of the statements contained in these
two official documents, her Majesty's Gevernment regret to
find that the principal acts of encroachment which were de-
nounced and complained of on the part of Great Britain, so far
from being either disproved, or discontinued, or satisfactorily
explained by the authorities of the State of Maine, are, on the
contrary, persisted in, and publicly avowed.
Her Majesty's Government have consequently instructed the
undersigned once more formally to protest against those acts of
encroachment and aggression.
Her Majesty's Government claim and expect from the good
faith of the Government of the United States, that the people of
Maine shall replace themselves in the situation in which they
stood before the agreements of last year were signed—that they
shall therefore retire from the valley of the St. John, and con-
fine themselves to the valley of the Aroostook; that they shall
occupy that valley in a temporary manner only, for the pur-
pose, as agreed upon, of preventing depredations; and that
they shall not construct fortifications, nor make roads or perma-
nent settlements.
Until thisbe done by the people of the State of Maine, and se
tongas that people shall persist in the present system of aggres-
sion, her Majesty's Government will feci it their duty to make
such military arrangements as may be required for the protec-
tion of her Majesty's rights. And her Majesty's Government
deem it right to declare that if the result of the unjustifiable pro-
ceedings of the State of Maine should be collision between her
Majesty's troops anl the people of that State, the responsibility
of all the consequences that may ensue therefrom, be they what
they may, will rest with the people and Government of the Uni-
ted States.
The undersigned has been instructed to add to this communi-
cation, that her Majesty's Government are only waiting for the
detailed report of the British commissioners recently employed
to survey the disputed territory, which report, it was believed
would be completed and delivered to her Majesty's Government
by the end of the present month, in order to transmit to the Go-
vernment of the United States a reply to their la t proposal upon
the subject of the boundary negotiation.
The undersigned avails himself ef this occasion to renew to
the Secretary of State of the United States the assurance of his
distinguished consideration.
-^U. S. FOX.
Hon. John Forsyth, occ.
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Fox.
Department of State,
Washington, March 25,1840.
The undersigned, Secretary of State of the United States, ac-
knowledges to have received Mr. Fox's communication of the
13th instant, in reference to the boundary negotiation and the
affairs of the disputed territory. The information given in the
closing part ol it, that a reply to the last proposition of the Uni-
ted States upon the subject of the boundary may be expected in
a short time, is highly gratifying to the President, who has,
however, given directions to the undersigned in making this ac-
knowledgment, lo accompany it with the expression of Ins pro-
found regret that Mr. Fox's note is in no other respect satisfac-
tory.
After the arrangements which, in the beginning of last year,
were entered into on the part of the two Governments with re-
gard to the occupation of the disputed territory, thePiesident
had indulged the hope that the causes of irritation width had
grown out of this branch of the subject could have been re-
moved. Relying on the disposition of Maine to cooperate with the
Federal Government in all that could lead to a pacific adjust-
ment of the piincipal question, the President felt confident that
his determination to maintain order and peace on the bolder
would be ful 'y carried out. He looked upon all apprehensions
of designs by the people of Maine to take possession of the ter-
ritory, as wiihout adequate foun lation; deeming it improbable
that on the eve of an amicable adjustment of the question, any
portion of the American people would, without cause and with
out object, jeopard the success of the negotiation and endanger
the peace of the country. A troublesome, irritating, and com-
paratively unimportant, because subordinate, subject, being thus
disposed of, the President hoped that the parties would be left
free at once to discuss and finally adjust the principal question.
In this he has been disappointed. While the proceedings of her
Majesty's Government at home, have been attended with un-
locked for delays, its attention has been diverted from the great
subject in controversy by repeated complaints, imputing to a
portion of the people of the United Slates designs to violate the
engagements of their Government; designs which have never
been entertained and which Mr. Fox knows would receive no
countenance from this Government.
It is to be regretted that at this lato hour, so
much misapprehension still exists on the side of the British
Government, as to the object and obvious meaning of the ex-
isting arrangements respecting the di-puted territory. The ill
success which appears to have attended the efforts made by the
undersigned to convey, through Mr. Fox to her Majesty's Go-
vernment, more correct impressions respecting them, calls for
a recurrence to the subject, and a brief review of the corre-
spondence which has grown out of it, may tend to remove the
erroneous views which prevail, as to the manner in which the
terms of the arrangements referred to have been observed.
As Mr. Fox had no authority to make any agreement re-
specting the exercise ol jurisdiction over the disputed
territory, that between him and the undersigned, of
the 27th of February, 18J9, had for its object some
provisional arrangement for the restoration and preser-
vation ef peace in the Territory. To accomplish this
object, it provided that her Majesty's officers should not seek to
expel, by military force, the armed party which had been sent
by Maine into the district bordering on the Restook river; and
that, on the o' her hand, the Government of Maine would volunta-
rily, and without needless delay,withdraw beyond the bounds of
the disputed territory any armed force then within them. Besides
this, the arrangement had other objects—the dispersion of noto-
rious trespassers, and the protection of public property from
depredation. In case future necessity should arise for this, the
operation was to be conducted by concert, jointly or sepa-
rately, according to agreement between the Government of
Maine and New Brunswick.
In this last mentioned respect, the agreement looked to some
further arrangement between Maine and New Brunswick.
Through the agency of General Scott, ope was agreed to, on
the 23d and 25th of March following, by which Sir John
Harvey bound himself net to seek, without renewed instruc-
tions to that effect from his Government, to take military posses-
sion of the Territory, or to repel from it by military force the
armed civil posse, or the troops of Maine. On the part of Maine,
it was agreed by her Governor that no attempt should be madj
without renewed instructioas from the Legislature, to disturb
by arms the province of New Brunswick in the possession of
the Madawaska settlements, or interrupt the usual communica-
tions between that and the upper provinces. As to possession
and jurisdiction, they were to remain unchanged, each party
holding, in fact, possession of part of the disputed Territory,
but each denying the right of the other to do so. With ihat un-
derstanding, Maine was, without unnecessary delay, to with-
draw her military force, leaving only, under a land agent, a
small civil posse, armed or unarmed, to protect the timber re-
cently cut, and to prevent further depredations.
In the complaints of infractions of the agreements of
the State of Maine, addressed to the undersigned, Mr.
Fox has assumed two positions, which arc not au horized
by the terms of those agreements: 1st, admitting the
right of Maine to maintain a civil pos&ein the disputed territory
for the purposes staled in the agreement, he does so with the
restriction that the action of the posse was to be confined with-
in certain limits; and 2d, by making (tic advance of the Maine
posse into the valley of the Upper St. John, the ground of his
complaint of encroachment upon the Madawaska settlement,
he assumes to extend the limits of that settlement beyond those
it occupied at the date of the agreement.
The United States cannot acquiesce in either of these posi-
tions.                                                                                          ,
In the first place, nothing is found m the agreement_sub-
scribed to by Governor Fairfield and Sir John Harvey, defining
any limits in the disputed territory within which the opeiations
of the civil posse of Maine were to be cireumscribed. 1 he task
of preserving the timber recently cut, and ofpre?™WU™"
iTeaorTna^^
