m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 o operate in every pert of n when its «fancy migbt be required
u> protect the umber already cut, and prevent further depreda,
uoaa, rniaMi aa  binMauuo whatever, or any renwtcuoos. ex-
capi each ae might he consirued into an attempt to disturb by i
•roa iba Province  • New Brunswick in her possession of the i
Madasresta asitiemsat, or leterrupt the usual communication
bsiwsm the Provincea  It ia thu* in the exercise oí a legitimate '
Cright, aad n the cuaacwutiuua discharge of an obligation lin-
ed opoe bar by a solemn compact, that the Sute oí Maine
dea* those acta which have given nee to complaints for
wbtrh ao adequate cause a perceived. The underawned feel 
conn lent thai when those acia shall have b«.-en considered by
bar Saje*?** Government at home, as explained in his note to
Mr. Fox, e( the 04th of December last, and id connection with
Iba (oragobaj remarks, they will no longer be viewed as calcula-
ted a> excita the apprebenamaa oí her Majesty's Govern-
snaat (bat the faith of existing arrangarneal  is id tie broken on
the raft oi tha United State .
With regard to the second pasitiejo assumed by Mr. Fox, that
the advance of the Mame posse «Ion? the valley of the Reatook
10 the meatfc of Fish River, and into the valley of the Upper St.
Joba, «sat variance with the tonus and spirit of the agreements
—«bo enJsriagnadmuai observe that if at variance with any of
•heir r*ovbauna, ft coald only ha with those which secure her
Majesty's rrovinc* of New Brunswick against any attempt to
dtetarbthepnsusalon of the Madasraska settlement, and to in
tarrapt the «anal cowmunicauoosbetween New Brunswick and
«ha Upper Promesa. The agreement could only have refer-
enee to the Madawaaka ssulements as confined within their se-
tos! tisana at the unte h was subscribed. The undersigned, in
ha  nota ol the 3tth of December last, staurd tha re isnns why the
month of Fish Rivet and the portion of the valley of the 8a John
ihroagt which it pasase, could m no proper sen   be coosidtrvd
as embraced in tha Madawaaka settlement . Were the United
•tales to admit tba pretension set up on the part of Great Bri-
t lie, to give to the Madawaaka settlen-eou a degree ef construc-
tive axajrawou that might, at this time, suit the purpose* of her
Majesty's colonial authorities, thoee settlements might soon be
ma Is, with like justice, to embrace any portions of the disputed
territory; and the riant given to the Provisos of New Brunswick
to oecapy them temporarily and for a special purpose might,
by inference quila as plausible, give the junadition exer-
cised by her Majeaty'a authorities an extent which
weald rendar the present sute of the question, so
sang as it could be maintained, equivalent to a derision
an the merits of the whole controversy in favor of Great
Britain. If lbs small settlement at Madawaaka an the
north sida of the St. John* means tba whole valley of
that river—lis boom across the Fish river, and a station of a
eiaafl posas s« tba aowthside of ths sk. Johns at the mouth of
Fish nver is a dsstarbanca of that settlement, which tslwaaty-
ftva muse below, within the meaning of tba agreement, it ia
difficult to conceive that there ais any nmnations to the preten-
stuns ef bar Majesty's Government under it, or how the Stale
of Maine toald exercise tba preventive power with regard to
trespassers, which wan, on bar part, the great object of tha
ssmpotsry arrangement. The movement  of British troops,
lately wtiiisssuJ in tha disputed territory, and ths erection
of military works for their protection and accommodation, of
which authentic information, recently received at the Depart-
ment of State, has bean communicated to Mr. Fox, impart a
anil graver aspect to the matter immediately under constders-
tton. Tha fatt of those military operations established beyond
a doubt, left unexplained, or unsatisfactorily accounted for, by
Mr. Fox's note of the?th instant, continues an abiding cause of
complaiat on the part of the United Staus against her Majeaty'a
colonial agenta, as inconsistent with arrangements whom main
object was to divest a question, already sufficiently perplexed
and complicated, from such embarrassment  as those with
which the proceediags of the British authorities cannot fail to
surTooixl it
If, as Mr. Fox mast admit, the object  of the late agreements
were the removal of ail military force and the preservation of
the property from farther spoliation , leaving the possession and
jariadiciion as they stool before the State of Maine found itself
compelled in act against the trespassers, the President cannot
bat consider that the conduct of the American local authorities
strongly and most favorably contrast  with that of the colonial
aathorities o( her Majeaty'a Government. While the one,
promptly withdrawing it  military force, has confined itself to
the use of the small posee, armed aa agreed upon, and has done
no act not necessary to trie accomplamment of the conventional
objects, every measure taken or indicated by the other party, i 
easeattaity military in its character, and can be justified
only by ajwell  founded apprehension thai hostiiiuee must
With such feelings and conviction , tba President eonld not
ase, without painful surprise, the attempt of Mr. Fox, under in-
strwsuons from his Government, to give to the existing state of
thine  a character not warranted by the friendly dinwahkn of
tha United Stats* or the conduct of the authorities and people of
Maine—mnch more ia he surprised to find it alleged aa a ground
for s lengthening a military force and preparing for a hostile
collision with the unarmed inhabitants of a friendly State, pur-
suing, within their own borders, their peaceful occupations, or
exerting themselves ia compliance with their agreement  to
protect dm property in dispute from unauthorized spoliation.
Tba President wishes that he could dispel the fear that these
dark forebodings can be reaflbed Unlea her Majesty's Go-
vernment shall forthwith arrest all military interference in the
question—unlea h shall apply to the subject more determined
sitara than have hitherto been made lb bring the dispute to a
crtais and pacific adjustment, the misfortunes predicted by
Mr. Fox in the name of hi  Government, may moot unfortu-
nately happen. But no apprehenaion of the consequences al-
luded to by Mr. Fox can be permitted to divert the Government
and people of the United States from the performance of their
doty to the State of Maine. That dnty is as simple a  h ia im-
perative. The construction which is given by her to the treaty
of 1783 has been, again and again, and in the most solemn man-
ner, asserted also by the Federal Government, and most be
maintained, noless Maine freely consents to a new boundary, or
Dnleas that eonatroction of the treaty is found to be erroneous
by tiw decision of a disinterested and independent tribunal, sx-
lectsd by lb  parties for its final adjustment. The President,
on assuming the duties of his station, avowed his determination,
all other mean  of negotiation failing, to rabmit a proposition
in the Government of Great Britain to refer the decision of the
qaeatJon once more to a third party.
In all the subsequent steps which have been taken npon the
•abject by his direction, be baa been actuated by the same
epirii. Neither his disposition in th« matter, nor his opinion
a  to the propriety ol that course, has undergone any change.
Should the fulfilment of his wishas be defeated either by  n
unwillingness on the part of her Majesty's Government to meet
the offer of the United duties in the spirit in which it h mails,
or from adverse circumstances of any description, the Presi-
dent will, in any event, derive great aattsfaction i rom tha con-
sciousness that no effort on hi  part has been spared to bring
the question to an amicable conclusion, and that then lias been
nothing in the conduct either of the Governments and people of
the United States, or of the State of Maine, to justify the em-
ployment of her Majesty's forces a  indicated by Mr. Fox's
letter. The President cannot, under such circumstance , ap-
prehend that the responsibility for any consequence  which
may unhappily ensue, will, by the just judgment of an Impar-
tial world, be imputed to the United Suttee.
The undersigned avails himself, oVc &c. &c.
JOHN FORSYTH.
To the Hon. H. 8. Fox, dec
Mr. Fox la Mr. Forty Ik.
Wasbihoton, March 26,1940.
The undersigned, her Britannic Majesty'* Envoy Extraordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary, has has the honor to receive
the official note of yesterday'  date, addressed to him by Mr.
Forsyih, Secretary of Sure of the United States, in reply toa
note dated the 13th insl. wherein the undersigned, in conformity
with instruction* received from his Government, hadane* for-
mally protested against the acta of encroachment and aggres-
sion which are still pereuteel in by armed bands in the employ-
ment of the State of Maine within certain portions of the dis-
puted territory.
It will be the duty of the undersigned immediately to trans-
mit Mr. Forsyth'  note to her Majesty'  Government in Eng-
land; and until the statement  and propositions which it con-
tains sha II have received the due consideration of her Majesty 'a
Government, tha undersigned will not deem it right tu add any
further reply thereto, excepting to refer to, and to repeat, as
he now formally and distinctly does, ths several declaran, ns
which it ha  from time to time been his duty to make to the
Government of the United States with reference to the existing
posture of affaire in the disputed territory, and to record bis
opinion, that an inflexible adherence tothe resolution  that have
been announced by her Majesty's Government, lor the defence
of her Majesty's right  pending the negotiation of the boundary
question, oflera to her Majeaty'a Government the only mean  of
protecting iboas rights from being in a continually aggravated
mangar aocnsachsd apon and violated
The undeieigned avails himaell of this occasion to renew In
the Secretary of State of tba United Stales tha assurance of bis
distinguished consideration.
H. a FOX.
The Honorable Johk Fobsytbl etc. Ac. etc.
After adiarasneo, in which Messrs. DAVIS,WEBSTER, and
WILLIAM S, participated, the message was rsferied to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed; and
10,000 additional copies were ordered.
The Señale than adjourned
IN SENATE.
Fbibat, March 27, 18(0.
Tha CHAIR communicated a report from the Secretary of
the Navy, made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
in relation to the rank of Charles Wilkes, jr. and William L.
Hudson; which was read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORVELL presented to the Senate two memorials, very
numerously signed by the citizens of the Suite of Michigan,
praying Congress to pass a general bankrupt law.
While up, he would say that be had reason to believe that
scarcely any difference of opinion existed amone the i«opie of
Michigan on the subject. All desired, many of them earnestly
desired, theexeictse by Congress of its constitutional power to
execute ageneral law of bankruptcy. He himself considered
it essenuáfto the welfare and prosperity of a large portion of
the most industrious and enterprising citizen  of the United
States.
The memorials were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. N. also presented a memorial from a number of the citi-
zens of the city and county of Philadelphia, praying that Con-
gress may interpose to affect a mitigation, if not an entire remis
sion.ol" the residue of the punishment to which William Lyon
Mackbkzu, lae member of the Provincial Parliament of
Upper Canada, was sentenced, last fall, by the district court
of western New York, for a violation of the law  of the United
State , passed for the preservation of their neutral obligation .
Mr. N. said that the memorial was ef a novel and peculiar
nature; and he was aomewhat at a lorn what disposition to make
of it. The prerogative of clemency and mercy, in aucb cases,
belonged exclusively to the Executive; and he did not know that
Congress could interfere, by legislative action, in the matter.
While, therefore, he cordially concurred in the object which ihe
memorialists had in view, he must submit the appropriate
direction for the memorial to take, to the better judg-
ment of more experienced Senators It was short, and be asked
that it might be read. It was accordingly read; and, after some
hesitation on the subject, the memorial was, on motion, referred
to ths President of the United States.
Mr. N. also presented a memorial from Edward S. Deacon,
of Michigan, praying for ao appropriation for the erection of a
lighthouse at Port Snahlor, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of John McClenaham; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensiona.
Mr. LUMPKIN presented a petition numerously signed by
citizens of Columbus, Georgia, praying the passage of a ge-
neral bankrupt law; which was referred to the Committee on
(be Judiciary.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Fulton county, New
York, praying the passage of a general bankrupt law, to em-
brace corporations within its provisions; which was referred to
(he Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from citizens of
Poughkeepeje, one from Seneca county, and one from West-
cheater county, severally praying the passage of a general
bankrupt law; which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. T. alan presented the petition of Thomas Amerman;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. T. also presented ths memotial of certain shipowners
and shipmaster  of the city of New York, praying that N. P.
Trial, consul at Havana, may be superseded by a more worthy
man; which waa referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tion -                                                . .   ,..      ..         ...
Mr. MERRICK presented Ihe memorial of Mary Linn; which
was referred to the Coinmitieeon Pension .
Mr. M. also presented the memorial of E. S. Gardner, agent
for persona who have claim against the Government for sup-
plies furnished to the army in Florida) which was refened to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. YOUNG presented a memorial signed by 360 citizens ol
Chicago in favor of the passage of a general bankrupt law;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLAY of Alaliama presented the memorial of Stoke 
and Purdom, praying remuneration for losses incurred in a mail
conn act; which was referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Road .
Mr. MOUTON presented the memorial of King and Wilson;
which was referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. M. also presented the peiitition ol Robert McCarty,
which waaiefeired to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims, lo which
was referred the bill for the relief of Don Carlo  Dehault Dolas-
en , made an advene report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.                                                                       .    .
The bill for the better security or the public money in the
hands of officers and agents of the Government, was taken up
on its third reading.
Mr. HENDERSON moved to recommit the bill, with certain
nstruations; which, altet some remark  by WRIGHT, Mesern.
HENDERSON,SMITH ol Indiana, HUBBARD, and PrUiN-
T1SS, was disagreed to— ayes 10, noes 27.
The bill was then read a third lime, and passed.
Mr. MERRICK submitted the following motion, which was
considered and agreed to:
/ceaofred, That the Committee on Pensiona be instructed lo
inquire into the expediency of making suitable provi«ion for all
widows of officers and sodiersol the Revolutionary war, who
have not formed any subsequent matrimonial connection.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The bill for the continuation of the Cumberland road in (he
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, waa then taken up, the
question being on the amendment proposed yesterday by Mr.
Clay of Alabama.
Mr. CLAY addressed the Senate at length in favor of his
amendment, and against the hill generally, and was replied
to by Mr.  YOUNG and Mr. TAPPAN.
Without taking any question.
The Senate adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Fwoar, March 37,1840.
Mr. HOWARD rose and asked leave to correct a statement
in a report from the Treasury Department respecting the sala-
ry of the District Attorney of Indiana, and ha sent te the Chair
and had i ead the following correspondence in explanation of the
matter, viz:
Octtck of ths Solicito* or thb Tbbasury.
March 26, 1840.
Sm: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 20th,
requesting a copy of the Cleik's statement, or other document
from which the Secretary slates, in a report to Congress, that
the salary and fees of the Distr ct Attorney of Indiana for ths
year 1839 was tl214.
In reply I have to state that the report referred tolls founded
on reports from the Attorneys, Clerk  and Maiahals, made di-
rect to the Secretary. Upon inquiry at that office, I am inform-
ed that the Clerk, in making up the general report of the Secre-
tary from the report  of these several officers, made a mistake
in the instance to which you refer, by charging the sum of 11214
tithe District Attorney instead of the Marshal. I inclose a copy
of the report to thepiecretary from which the charge was made,
from which this will be apparent.
I am, very respectfully, yours,
M. BIRCHARD.
Solicitor of the Treasury.
Tha Hon. T. A. Howard,
House of Representatives United Slates.
Maduon, (Indiana.) January 14,1810.
Sin: In obedience tu your circular of the 30th January, 1839,
I have the honor to inform you thai the whole amount of money
received by me a  marshal of this district, and by my deputies
from the 1st of January, 1839, to the 1st of January, 1840, in-
cluding per diem allowance during the sitting  of the courts,
mileage, disbursements, and all other fees, excepting my annual
salary, i  one thousand and fourteen dollar  aad forty-two cents.
I am, dec.
GAM. TAYLOR,
United State  Marshal Indiana District.
Honorable Lavi Woodbobt, Secretary of lb  Treasury.
"—    "--------"""""               •         •      «1,014 42
Nora.—Fees aa above
Salary
200 00
•1,214 42
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES of Virginia, the House re-
solved into a Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
(Mr. Dawson in the chair,) and took up the Treasury Nota
bill.
Mr. BARNARD here rose and complained of an article in
the Globe, censuring his course for detaining the Committee of
the Whole. The Globe dated that he occupied the floor from
the hour of 6 o'clock, instead of 10J o'clock.
Mr. GRAVES here spoke at great length, and in ihe course
of his remarks adverted to the course of Mr. Black in relation
to the election of public Printer; to which
Mr. BLACK of Georgia said he did not rise for the purpose of
making a speech on the meiita of the bill now under considera-
tion, but for the purpose of putting himself right before the
committee and the country, in a matter which may well be
called a " vexed question," and'about which |a great deal had
been said here and elsewhere; he alluded to the part he had
taken in the election of Printer, and the disposition made by tbe
House of the Congressional printing. If, In so doing, he placed
■ any man in the wrong, it was not with the intention of prose-
cuting an offensive warfare, but simply in justification to him-
self, and those who had acted with him. This much he felt
himself imperatively called on to do, from the manner in which
thighonorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Gravis] had
