296
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Thusber, thai a certain suit instituted against him by the Uni-
ted States be discontinued, &c]                  ____             ___
By Messrs. FLETCHER, HALL, EVERETT, and SMITH
of Vermont.
[Mr. Flbtchbb. presented the resolutions of the Vermont Le-
gislature, upon the subject of ihe public lands. Resolution of
the Vermont Legislature, for an equal distribution of the public
lands. Resolution of the General Assembly of Vermont, rela-
tive toslaveiy in the District of Columbia," and the slave trade.
Resolutions of the General Assembly of Vermont, relative to
the militia of the United States. Memorial and resolutions of
the military convention held at Norwich, August, IS39. Peti-
tion and vouchers of Mevril Pillsbnry, for an increase of pen-
sion. Petition and vouchers of Thomas Hoyt, for a pension.]
By Messrs SMITH, STORRS, TRUMBULL, BROCKW AY,
J. W. WILLIAMS, OSBORNE, of Connecticut.
By Messrs. TILL1NGHAST, CRANSTON, of Rhode
Island.
Bí Messrs. REED, H. WILLIAMS, PARMENTER, LIN-
COLN. BR1GGS, CUSHING, ADAMS, W. B. CALHOUN,
HASTINGS, and BAKER^of Massachusetts.
[Mr. Parmsntbb, on Monday last, presented the petition of
Charles Thompson, and 257 other legal voters of Charlcstown,
Massachusetts, for the passage of uniform laws on the subject
of bankruptcy. The petition of Marshall Preston, and others,
for a post route from.Lowell, in Massachusetts, to Woonsocket
Falls, in Rhode Island. The petition of George Thompson, and
others, of Milton and Dorchester, Massachusetts, for reduction
of rates of passage. The petition of Wm. H. Fessender, and
others, of Sandwich, Massachusetts, for same purpose. Also,
the petitions of Judith Smith, and 36 other women of Wal-
tham; of Jarvis Lewis, and 80 others of Waltliam; of Maria
A. Drivers, and 42 other women of Maiden; of Robert Oliver,
jr. and 74 others, of Maiden; of James P. Woodbury, and 74
others, of Acton; of Augusta Woodbury, and 94 other women
of Acton; of Maria J.Bartlett, and 90 other women of Cliel ves
ford; of Lucy A, Browne, and 47 other women of Sudbuiy;
of E. C. Stowell, and 59 other women of Townsend: all of
Massachusetts, and praying for the recognition of the indepen-
dence of the Haytian Government. Also, the petition oí John
White, and 54 others, of Acton; of Susan Hay ward, and 34
other women of Acton, Massachusetts, praying that the rule
refusing to receive Abolition petitions may be rescinded.]
[Mr. Hastings of Massachusetts presented the following pe-
titions: The petition of Lyman B. I.arkin, and 123 other ci'izens
of Wrentham, Mass. for a Congress of Nations, on the subject
of peace and international law. The petition ol Samuel D. Da-
venport, and 119 others, of Hopkinlon, Mass. Of Hiram A.
Morse, and 60 others, of Holliston, Mass. Of Samuel Clarke,
and 67 others, ol Uxbridge, Mass. for a reduction of letter post-
age. Of Edward J. Stearns, of Newton, Mass. for such a rate
of postage on newspapers and periodicals, as shall bear acertein
proportion to the subscription price o¡ the same. The petition
of George Adams and Edward Winslow, to be allowed their ex-
penses and costs in defending against certain suits for the reco-
very of duties, illegally assessed on importations of plated wire.
The petition of 50 men and 80 women of Mandón, Mass. praying
the House to rescind its rule of January 28th, as to the reception
of petitions. Also, thirteen petions lrom sundry persons in
II uton, Roxbury, Braintree, Mendon, Medway, Dsdham, Frank-
lin, Holliston, Carlisle, and Upton, Mass. praying for the recog-
nition of the Haytian Government; which were ordered to lie on
the table. Also, petitions from thesame towns. and from West-
borough and Medfield, Mass against the admis ion of Florida,
and on slavery in the DiEtnct ami Territories; the reception ol
which was refused under the rule of the 28th of January.]
[Mr. Lincoln presented the following petitions, viz: of Da-
vid Prouty and 60 other citizens of Spencer, Massachusetts,
praying Congress to reduce the rate of letter postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. OfSylvanusHolbrook and others, and Joseph H. Per-
ry and others, woollen manufacturers, of the county of Wor-
cester, in the State of Massachusetts, complaining of evasions
and frauds upon the revenue laws, and praying their revision,
for the purpose of making them more effectual to the collec-
tion of the duties; and, to this end, asking the appointment of
a committee to investigate the facts in the principal cities for
the information of Congress; which petitions, on motion of Mr.
L. were committed to the Committee of the Whole on the slate
ofthe Union, to which had been referred a bill on the same
subject, reported by the Committee on Manufactures. Of
Persis Morgan, widow of Major Abner Morgan, an officer ofthe
army ofthe Revolution, praying that she maybe placed on the
pension list of the wtdows of Revolutionary soldiers; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Also, the memorials of Isaac Davis and 87 other ci'izens of
Northboro, and of Joseph S. Wall and 54 other citizens of
Worcester, in the Slate of Massachusetts, "deprecating the late
act'on of the House of Represeniatives in denying Ihe right of
petition and remonstrance to the people of the United States,"
and asking (said Mr. L.) in their own emphatic languag , "asa
matter of right, guarantied by the Constitution, that the rule of
January 28, 1840, on the subject of petitions, be immediately
repealed." Also, the following petitions, v.z: ol Cyrus P. Gros-
venor and 177 other male citizens of Worcester; of Rebecca
Goddard and ]16 other women of Worcester; of Rachel F.
Birdwell and 131 other women of Oxford; of Harriet S. San-
ford and 128 other women of Boylston; of Austin K. Miles and
132 other women of Shrewsbury; of Condon A. Rainsbury and
36 other women of Grafton; of Betsey E. Jones and 232 other
women of Ashburnham; of Elizabeth Muter and 72 other wo-
men of Auburn; of Jane Turneo and 180 other women of Mill-
bury; of Betsey Hunter and 345 other women of Worcester; of
Martha G. Hastiugsand 179 other women of Millbuiy; all in
the fifth Congressional ¿¡strict of Massachusetts, praying Con-
press forthwith to recognise the independence of the Haytian
Government: laid on the table by order of the House. Mr. L.
stated that he had numerous other petitions, signed by some
thousands of his constituents, male and female, praying Con-
gress to reject all proposals for the admission of Florida, as a
slave State, into the Union; and also praying Congress to abo-
lish slavery and the slave trade in the District of Columbia and
the Territones of the United States; which, under the applica-
tion of the rule ofthe House, were precluded lrom being re-
ceived.]
By Messrs. WILLIAMS, SHAW, ATHERTON, EASTMAN
and BURKE, of New Hampshire.
[Mr. Shaw presented^ the following petitions: of Abraham
Morrill, praying that certain contracts foi clothing between him
and the Government, during the last war, may he made good:
referred to tie Committee on Claims.   Of Olive Rindgs Watt
praying lor a pension in consequence of the loss of her only
son in the army ofthe United States: refeired to the Committee
on Naval Affairs. Of Julia S. Horton, praying for a pension for
services rendered by her father in the Revolutionary war: re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Of Simon
S. Morril, pra ing to be placed on the roll of invalid pensioners:
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. Ol Jeremiah
Noble and Moses N >ble, owners ofthe schooner Privado, pray-
ing for a fishing bounty: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. Also, the petition and memorial of Samuel E, Caues,
and 157 others, citizens of Poitsmuuih, New Hampshire, upon
the subject of a Congtess of Nations, for an international
law.
Mr. S. stated that many ofthe signers were known to him
personally, and many by reputation. They were of both poli-
tical parties, of different sects of religion, and were engaged in
different pursuits of life. They were gentlemen of respecta-
bility, intelligent , and good standing in society; that they set
forth that this memorial was the resultof a thorough examina-
tion of the subject to which it refers. He moved that it he re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and printed; but
it was ordered to lie on the table. ]
I Mr. J. W. Williams of N. Hampshire prdsented the petition
of J. M. Broadhead for an allowance for apprehending certain
deserters fiom the mariue coips. Also, certain resolutions of
the Legislature of New Hampshire against the distribution of
the proceeds of sales of public lands.]
[Mr. Burke presented the petitions of Thomas Butman for ser-
vices performed in the war ofthe Revolution. OfEbenezer Jones
and others. Of David Brigham and others. Of Cyrus Clement
and others. Of Samuel Morse and others, complaining of in •
fractions of the revenue laws and defects in the same, and
praying for their revision. Of Cyrus Chase and others, in-
spectors at the port of Salem, Mass. praying for an increase of
salaries.]
[Mr. Eastman presented the petitions of Augustine Blanchard
and others praying that the laws for the collection of duties may
be made effectual for the prevention of frauds. Of Stephen
Moody and others, citizens of New Hampshire, for a reduction
in the rates of postage.]
By Messrs. SMITH, ANDERSON, DAVEE, LOWELL
CLIFFORD, and RANDALL, of Maine.
[Mr. Lowell presented the following: Petition of John Hor-
ton, and other owners of the schooner Cod Hook, of Bluehill,
Maine, lor an allowance of fishing bounty on said vessel for the
year 1838. Petition of Benjamin Wood, and 86 other masters,
owners, and others interested in vetsels, for the erection of
buoys and beacons, in the thoroughfares of the Fox islands and
Deer islands, and a light-house on Mark island, west entrance
of Deer islands, Thoroughfare, Maine. Petition of Wm. Ful-
lerton, and other owners of the fishing schi*ner Joanna, for
allowance of bounty. Petition of James Whitney and Charles
R. Gibbons, owners of the steamer North America, praying
for an alteration in the law of the United States, imposing re-
strictions on vessels bringing into the United States, from foreign
places, more than a certain number of passengers; and also of
the laws imposing a duty on coals, so far as to permit coals for
theuseof saidsteamer to be imported free of duty; which were
severally referred to the Committee onCommerce. Petition of
E Bimaid, and 70 other citizens of Bucksport. Maine, praying
for a reduction of the rates of postage. Petition of Charles
Lowell, and 160 other citizens of Ellswor'h, Maine, for a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage. Petition of Nathan Sleeper, and
39 other citizens of Greenfield, Maine, lor the establishment of
a mail route from Milford, in the county of Penobscot, to
Wmslow's Mills, in Greenfield; which were severally referred
to the Committee'on the Post Office and Post Roads. Petition
of Andrew Peters, and 58 other citizens of Hancock county,
Maine, praying for an appropriation to improve the navigation
of Union river, in said county. Petition of Joseph A. Deane,
and 59 other citizens of the district of Frenchman's Bay, in
Maine, foran erection of a light-house on the Western Head, at
Bass harbor, in said State; which were severally referred to the
Committee on Commerce. Memorial of Edward H. Wiswell,
and 46 other inhabitants of East Machias. Maine; of Freemin
Kingsby, and 65 other inhabitants of Cherryfield, Maine; of
Isaac O'Bear, and 165 other inhabitants of Mt. Deseitand Sea-
ville, Maine; of Wm. A. Crocker, and 46 other inhabitants of
Machias, Maine; of C. C. Bradbury, and 63 other inhabitants of
Hodgden. Maine; and of Neal D. Shaw, and 53 other inhabi-
tants of Baring, Maine; praying Congress to reject all propo-
sals for the annexation of Texas to the Union; which were
laid on the table. Petition of Edward H. Wiswell. and46 other
inhabitants of East Machias, Maine; of Wm. A. Crocker, and
45 other inhabitants of Machias, Maine; of John Brown, jr. and
154 other inhabitants of Mt. Desert and Seaville, Maine; of
Francis P. Hunter, and 57 other inhabitants of Hodgdon, Maine;
of Neal D. Shaw, and 49 other inhabitants of Baring, Maine;
and of Robert Foster, and 65 other inhabitants of Cherryfield,
Maine; praying for the recognition by the United States ofthe
independence of Hayti; which were laid on the table. Petition
of the members of the bar, and others, in the county of Wash-
ington, Maine, for a removal of the United States district caurt
from Wisrasset to Bangor, an 1 the circuit court from Wiscas-
set to Portland, Maine; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judioiarv. Mr. L. also presented the resolves of the
Legislatu e of Maine, in relation to an appropriation for the
purchase of repeating arms, manufactured by Mighill Nutting,
of Portland, Maine; which were referred to the Committee on
the Militia, and ordered to be printed.]
By Mr. GIDDINGS of Ohio.
On motion of Mr. WELLER,
The House (at 5 o'clock; adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, March, 31,1840.
Mr. NORVELL presented an affidavit in relation to the La-
venture claim: which was laid on the table.                      J
Mr. WHITE presented the joint resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Indiana in favor of granting the franking privilege to the
onVers of Agricultural societies; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. also presented resolutions of the General Assembly
of Indiana to obtain a grant of the public lands for the improve-
ment of the two White rivers in that State; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of certain relatives of
General Nicholas Herkimer, who died of wounds received at the
battle of Origicany, in the Revolutionary war, praying Congress
to renew an appropriation of fire hundred dollars made by a
resolution ofthe old Congress in Oetober, 1777, to erect a monu-
ment to General Herkimer; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. W. also presented the memorial of a number of citizens
of Wayne county, New York, praying for the passage of a
general bankrupt law; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. W. also presented a memorial of a large number of citi-
zens of the State of New York, praying for the imposition of a
duty on foreign silk; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. W. also presented the memorial of a very large number
of inhabitants of New York, praying forthe entire abolishment
of the franking privilege, and a reduction ofthe rates of post-
age; wnich was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads
Mr. W. also presented a memorial ofthe naturalized citizens
nf Livingston county, New York, which states thai while by.law
they are compelled to bear arms in defence of their adopted
country, the principle of perpetual allegiance asserted by gome
of the Governments of the woi Id, placed them in a situation of
peculiar peril, and praying Congress to take such measures as
may remedy the evil complained of; which was refeired to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. W. also presented a similar memorial from the natural-
ized citizens of Monroe eounty, N. Y.; which was referred to
the same committee.
Mr. W. also presented the memorial of Thomas Goin, pray-
ing remuneration for expense and trouble incurred in establish-
ing the naval school system; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MERRICK presented the petition of Owen McCue;
which was referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented the joint resolutions of th 
Legislature of Indiana, instructing their Senators, and request-
ing their Representatives to vote for a bill to repeal the duty on
imported salt.
Mr. S. said he would neither resign nor disobey; but, when
the bill introduced by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Bbnton,]
forthe repeal of the duty on salt, came up for consideration, it
should have his support.
The resolutions were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. S. also presented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Indiana, asking a grant of public land to the State of Indiana;
which was referred to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr.TALLM ADGE presented a memorial of citizens of Oneida
county, praying for an imposition of duty on foreign manufac-
tures, so as effectually to protect our our domestic manufac-
tures: which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented a memorial of citizens of
Cherokee county, Alabama, setting forth the advantages of a
speedy sale ofthe public lands in that county, and praying that
Congress may take measures to expedite their sale; which was
refeired to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private Land Claims, to
which was referred a bill to amend an act, entitled An act con-
firming certain land claims in the State of Michigan, made an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN, from the Select Committee on the Oregon Terri-
tory, to which was referred the resolution of the 18th December
last, reported a substitute therefor; which was read, and ordered
to be printed.
The 'substitute asserts the title of the United States; autho-
rises the President to take such measures as may be necessary to
protect the persons and property of citizens of the United States
resident thereon, and to erect a line of military posts from Fort
Leavenworth to the Rocky mountains for the protection of In-
dian traders; provides that when the boundaries are settled, one
thousand acres of land shall he granted to each white male in-
habitant of eighteen years of ag ; and for the appointment of an
additional Indian agent.]
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee onJCIaims, to which
was referred the bill for the relief of Thomas Fillebrown, Jr.
made an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The resolution submitted some time since by Mr. Lumpkin,
fixing the adjournment of Congress on the 18th of May, being
taken up,
Mr. LUMPKIN hoped that a vote might be taken on the re-
solution. His own opinion on the subject was unchanged, and
he believed, as he had formerly taken occasion to say, that the
business of the country would be greatly accelerated if a defi-
nite day was fixed for the adjournment. He was aware that a
majority of the Senate differed with him as to the time men-
tioned; but if it was tco early, the resolution might be amended
so as to fix it at a more remote day; but he hoped that some day
would be designated.
Mr. NORVELL thought that Congress could not with pro-
priety fix a day for adjournment until intelligence was received
of the action ofthe British Government on the propositions sub-
mitted to her in relation to the boundary question. With a
view, however, of disposing of this matter for the present, he
would move that the resolution, with the bill, introduced by
him some days since, fixing the day of meeting for the next ses-
sion, be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
No one appearing to object, the question was about being
put, when
Mr MOUTON observed that he considered it a very singu-
lar direction to give this resolution, and he was very much sur-
prised that his friend from Georgia [Mr. Lumpkin] should ac-
quiesce in it, as he considered it equivalent to a rejection of the
resolution.
Mr. LUMPKIN said he was compelled to yield to what he
could not avoid. Hisftiend from Louisiana and himself had
the tame opinion on this subject, but the majority of the Se-
nate thought differently, and they had the power to give any
direction to the resolution they thousht proper. He had en-
deavored reDeatedly to get a direct vote on his proposition, and
had even asked it as a personal favor; but it was not thought
proper to grant his request, and he bowed to the will of the
majority. He therefore hoped his friend from Louisiana would
perceive that there was no ground forb ing surprised in the
fact of his viehlins when he could not help it.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he agreed with the Senator from Geor-
gia on thirf subiect, and had voted with linn throughout His
legislative experience, «hich was not short, had taught him
that seldom was there a determined purpose evinced to trans-
act the business of Congress until a (fay was fixed for the elote
