900
CONGRES8tONAL GLOBE.
ttHlrtO* and (south AniV  wrt called for in succession; that
tbty wen render the Clerk, that the ¿«atientan trom Conner
uvui! i Smith) then cai>ed tor other testimony, it was pro-
iac*d. bat bswme it was read, the call was withdrawn
Mr C in .!* ihn statement not because he considered it o
aav importance 10 the present controversy, but asn specific
limf i  a specific question AH that is contended lor in re
Isimb to ta* rsading ol Metimoay, after the committee assem
bani w «ike into consaWrauon the instructions under which
ttsy reported, is, thai a member had called lor the reading o
tas tsstimony; that the Chair had deride ) it to be the privilege
nf a «wntwr, bslor* voting, to do so, and that all the papers
rsqaired to be read were read—thus showing, conclusively,
a<M only that the testimony wasaccessib.e to all, but t ai any
natmber 01 the committee, not sausried with the exuniaaiioti
H had received, had the right, even at this late stage of our pro-
ceedings, lo have It read in committee
Mr. FILLMORE. When was it that the returns from Mill-
Title and South Amboy were read—was it when ihe committee
afraed on the baits ot a repon, or when they met to consider
UV report;
Mr. CAMPBELL had already stated that they wen read
the mouou  requesting the chairman to draw up *
report.
fit r
i FILLMORE then went on, and leplted to some remarks
of Mr Caaraau. made yesterday, and which have not yet
baen rsp-vted, after which, he replied to i he remark* of Mr
Msarax, and contained speaking till the expiration ol the moru-
la*, hour; when, without having concluded,
Mr ALFUKU moved that the House proceed to the orders of
the day; which motion was agreed to.
The SPEVKER laid belore the House a letter from the Pre-
sident ef the I'niled States, enclosing a report trom the Seire-
liry of War, incompliance with the resolution of the Senate of
tie 1 Ah instant, and that ot the House ol Representan ve i>f the
Ml instant, wrespect to the military preparations ol the British
aathonuai on theNorthern frontiers ol the I'mied Slates, Irom
Lake Superior to the A'iantic ocean, distinguish ng Hie perma-
nent from the temporary and held work, and particularly no-
ting ihose which are within the claimed limits ol the Lnited
n^atsa.
Uu ntotiM of Mr COSHING, it w  referred to the Commit-
tee oo Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed
The House then resumed the consideration ot the bill reported
ky Mr Ball, to secure the freedom of elections, and 10 prevent
fne anartnreote of toe F deral officer  in elections.    The quea-
Shali the bill be read the first ouwl
/    Mr. WaTTERSON being enuiied to the floor oa the above
replied at snow  length to hu colleague I rom Ten-
fair Bkll 1   That genUaman had complained of the
_____jry meaner la which his motion lor leave u> report the
bill had been treated by a portion ot the tnends of the Adminis-
uatMo. He presume ! the gentlemen who opposed the leave,
did it trom a conviction that the principle* ot ihe bill were so
abominable, so odious, that u was beet to stifle it on the tbiesh-
otd, ami thereby save the consumption of tti* time of the House,
which might be appropriated to ihe transaction ol the business
ot the country. Tnoush he had voted tor the leave, lie enter-
tamed a* great a lepusmance to the leaturea of the bill as any
ot those who had opposed it. He had voted for it because he
wasted to etc a vote taken upon it, aad let the country see
who wore in favor of its odious features. He thought that il
Use bill eooained the principle  of the Whig party, it was pro
par that the people should know it. But he believed that when
the Hon** should be called to vote upon it, such dodging
w Mild be witnessed a* had never been d me since the vote on
tae rejection of the bill in the ajénate, reported by me Senator
frota Kentucky, [Mr CRrrrnroEN 1 H« eoileaxue had com
panned that the minority of the Houae hod been gagged by the
majority- Be asked if it was to be found in his seven hours'
speech, and the elaborate *|>eeches and unprofitable debates
which the party the gentleman belongs to had mdu ged in. The
facts &t fie stave-off principle* oi the Opposition are no-
torio**; yet forsooth they were gaiged If it wjs not
the damossuoo of a majority to sit out tie important questions
before the House, none ol the business of the country would be
Utosac>e>l. Toe Whig party oppose every thine and bring for-
w ud nothing In reply to his colleague, he said that the cry of
o Res holders was not new to his ears. He had often heard the
nae sound Strangers to the cry would suppose that all the of-
ftre holders were enemies to their country, and particularly
If they were to hear with what emphasis his colleague dwelt
•pon the name. If there were too many office holders, let his
colleague specify them and bring forwaid a measure to die-
pense with them, and be would go for it. No proposition had
yet come from htm for that purpose—and none could be ex-
pected It was notnnoos that a majority of all the office holders
were opposed to the Administration—still the Opposition cry
out proscription Mr W said there were at least 12,U00po t-
inasters, and a majority of them were opposed to the Ad-
BBMKraaoB.
Mr REED inquired what eras the amount of their salaries.
Mr. WATrBRSOV said their salaries were small, he knew;
bat m point of influence, at a cross road, they had more than any
member of the cibinet. Postmasters had a tremendous influ-
ence, if they wished to exercise il hy distributing documents and
procuring subscribers fi>r newspapers This kind of influence
had seen probably exercised for the Opposition par<y If the
Piertenl was to be censored at all, it ought to be for keeping
in ornee so many of his opponents II he was to have all the
odium, be thought he ought to have it for something. From the
continual clamor about proscription, a person who knew no
thing about it might well suppose that there was some truth in
it; but the charge cmld not be sustained hy the
facts of the case. The President does not agree to pursue
such a course as he would urge So far  he (Mr w ) was
concerned, lie would, as to all important officers, sweep the
political chessboard, and he believed it was all sheer hypo
ensy in the Opposition, when they make any other profession,
because, whenever and wherever they hive the power, they
carry out the principles of iniliscrimtnae prosrrnion.
Mr W said he would like to see the pilmcal friend? of his
eolleagoe f Mr Bell] from the State of New York, vote for the
bill. During the legislature now in reswon. t'w Whig Go-
vernor of thai State turned out six hundred office holders, in-
cluding those of the lowest grade
Mr. MARVIN   begged leave to interrupt and correct his
friend.   He was mistaken, the Governor did not turn out a

w.
resumed.    He has refused to reappoint, which
iWaf.    Was il act notorious (hat the Wiuf
city Council of New York turned out eveiy man, even the street
scavengers! See In the State ol Pennsylvania DidtheRitner
dynasty cai ry out the spoils pr nciple, as my colleague has been
p.easeil to call it I II  made a clean sweep The whue labor-
er* on the public works even were dismissed, ami as he had
lust been intoriued, negrota were put In their places In New
Jersey, the great broad seal State, every justice of the peace
was dismissed, and in Connecticut, and every other State
where they had the power, th* same course had been pursued.
Il the country should be cursed by the election of the nominee
of the Harrisburg convention, they will change thtir clamor;
but there was no danger that they would ever have that cause
lor ceasing then hypocritical cry of proscription Notwith-
standing (said Mr W ) I am lor a clean sweep, I would censure
the PresHlenl.ar any other man tor turning out competent, meri-
torious, ami respectable officers, and appoint others just the
the reverse Bui il he could fin I among Ins own Irienda those
who were equally competent and deserving, he would invaria-
bly give the n the prelerence.
We have heaid much from my colleague, and others, abou
the influence ol office holders tn lavor ol the Administration
Where, let me ask, is the evidence of that influence. Is n to
he found in Washington city, where there are so many, and
where nine-tenths of the people are opposed to this Democratic
Administration) The Administration have been defeated in
New York, Boston, Nest Orleans, where there ure so many of
the officers ol the General Government, in the custom houses,
mints, Ac. I.ook at the city ol Philadelphia, in which are to
be found a custom-house, mint, Ac In that city, the Demo-
cratic paty have been defeated by 4,01)0 Did this look like the
ornee hoi ters had much influence) Judging Irom the facta be-
fore them, the influence was on the side ol the Opposittoa.
II  colleague had denominated the Democratic party as the
vampire party, and said it could notsianda day, if his bill, and
the bill introduced In the other end of the Capitol, ol like mi
port, had passed that they would have the same effect on the
Democratic party as did the surgeon's knile in despatching the
vampire—a history of the existence and destruction of which
he had cited What had been the consequence ot the use of
this surgeon's knife—the gag bill—in the Senate1 It had bled to
death two ol his colleague's political friends, the late Senators
from Tennessee.
My colleague also said his hill was to prevent the interfer
erice of federal oftVers in elections—in other words, it wss to
gae them—it was, in its effect, to deprive them ol ih-ir rights
under ihe Constitution—to ihiok, lo speak, and to act. It was
to enslave them, and yet he says it was to emancipate them
He could not reconcile these two declarations, a a was at a
lues to know how his cnlleague could He asked if the bill was
not the «ame in principle, il net in detail, as that introduced
into the Senate last session by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr Crittenden 1 It he was not mistaken, his colleague had
approve.) ol that lull, and that the feature* were the same as
tn* bill now introduced by him Mr W said he had read the
speech of his colleague on the Harbor,bill in 1838, in which he
quote! an old Enslisti statute, which was almost word for
word with Mr Crittenden'  bill, and held it upas worthy of
imitation by this Iree country He therefore inferred that his
colleague was in favor of that ga< bill,
Mr W then adverted to ihe standing chirge of the Opposi-
tion in relation to defaulters. He read from an official docu-
ment, printed by order of the House, giving a list of the de
faulters, and the amount of defalcations, siuce the formation of
the Government to the 4th March, 1837, by which he showed
that there was more money lost under the four years' Admi-
nistration of John Quincv Adams than was lost under the right
years comprising General Jacksou's Administration, in pro-
portion to the amount collected and disbursed Yel the
Opposition were exerting every nerve to restore that Adminis-
tration to power—for he contended that, notwithstanding it was
not pioposed to advance the same man, it was. lo restore the
same odious Federal principles.
Mr. W. said, as hieeolleigue had talked about office holders,
it would be no harm to talk about office seekers, of whom there
were tw ce the number. He held in his hand a document con-
taining the names of those who composed the Harrishurg Con-
vention, nominating General Harrison for the Presidency In
looking over that pamphlet, the question occurred to Mr W.
Who were these delegates! What aie their principles'! What
are their professions? Were they delegates Iresh fiom the peo-
ple, or were they the representatives of mere town politicians,
and street brawlersl He had collected a mass of information on
these points, and intended to lay it before the House and the
country It was not his purpose to misrepresent delegates to
that Convention, but to show that their avocations did not con-
form to the characters of those who live in log cabins, and drink
hard cider The president of the Convention (said Mr. W ) was
Judge Barbour, a lawyer, Mr Adams's Secretary of State and
Mm ster to the Court of St. James.
Mr. LINCOLN rise, and called the gentleman to order lie
was not in the habit of interrupting the course of the discussions
going on, but the course of debate of the gentleman from Ten
nessee was such, that he felt it his duty to endeavor to put a
stop to it The gentleman was giving biographical sketches,
and commenting on the political conduct ol individuals over the
whole Union Such a course of debate was entirely ou'. of or-
der; and he called upon the Spsax.br now to decide whether the
rules of the House were to he snlorced or not.
Mr. WATTERSTON said that his colleague [Mr PellI. had
yesterday entertained the House with a discussion on the in-
fluences exercised by office holders in the political affairs of the
country, and he thought it but right, as an offset to that course
of argament, to show (he influence attempted and exercised hy
thoie seeking office He wanted to show the characters of the
motley assemblige of those seeking to break down the present
Administration, and the discordant materials of which their
party was composed
M- STARKWEATHER said it appeared to lum that the
gentleman from Tennessee (Mr Wattbrson] might be permit
ted to speak of men and thi.igs in this country, when the col-
league of the gentleman [Mr Bell] was yesterday permuted lo
tell a long story about a loafer out of ihe toumry [in France]
who" went about sucking people's blood.
Mr. GENTRY hoped that his colleague might be permitted
to proceed
Mr M tSOX strongly objected to the conn"  of debate in
dulgeJ in by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr Wattebson,]
ami expressed the hope that the Speaker would embico the
rules of ths House. Mr. M. sanl that he intended, on this que*
iion, to «Il for a dlrpion of Uw House, ¡o oidar thai it mlglii be
definitively settled whether discussions of this character should
be. permuted    Mr M was proceeding with his i «marks, when
Mr WISE called htm to ordei Ills Ineml from Ohio, he
said, while lecturing the gentleman Irom Tennessee on a point
of order, was himself out of order
Mr BRIGGS objected to the gentleman's proceeding out of
order II, said he, the Speaker decides that he is out of order,
I obieettohis going on without permission ol the House, and
will call for the yeas and nays on the qu. stion
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the course of the
remarks ol the gentleman from Tennessee were certainly not
in order Gentlemen had been in the habit of indulging in
great latitude of debate, andthls being the custom ol the House,
was permitted by the Chair, but Ihe gentleman Irom Tennessee
hail commented on the political conduct and characters oi in.
dividual*, which was not customary.
Mr WEI.LER contended that the gentleman from Tennessee
had not departed from the usual courn of discussion that hnd
been practised in the House, and he therefore moved that he he
permuted lo proceed in the same couiee, which motion was
caJxTttdtl tO
Mr. WATTERBON regretted veiy much that he had
be«n interrupted, because he could hare concluded hi 
remark* in the time occupied by the interruption. He
said his colleague [Mr Bell) had been denouncing the
officers of the Government as vampires, sucking blood
out of the country. And was it irrelevant lo the subject
before the House for him (Mr Watterson) to speak of
thus: who wanted to come Into power! He was only endea
voung, at the commencement ol his remarks, to get at ihe
principles ol ihe convention that nominated General Harrison
for the Presidency
Here Mr W. commented on the correspondence between an
association at Oswego, New York, and General Harrison's con-
science keepers, and was proceeding 10 analyze tlie politics of
the members ol the Harrlsburg Convention, when
Mr. LINCOLN again interrupted Mr W. and said h* thought
this was a lit occasion to hate the rules of the House distinctly
understood and enforced. If the Chair decided that the gentle-
man was out of order, he insisted that he lake his seat, until the
House gave him permission to proceed in order He assured
the gentleman trom Tennessee that he meant no unkindnees or
disrespect lo hi n pei >nallv, but his desire to see the rules of
the House preserved was the occasion of his interh ring in this
maitei He hoped the genllemanftf permuted to proceed,
would proceed in order
Mr DROWN begged leave to remind the House of one fact.
His colleague [Mr Bell.] on yesterday spoke of ihe influence
ol office holders, and the President at the head ol them, antl de
scribed also a Central Committee, with their ac ion, all over the
country Now he understood that his other colleague [Mt
WattbR80n,1 desired to show that there was a sort ol central
committee lor the Opposition, pursuing Ihe same line of con-
duct, antl to draw aenmparson between them II appeared to
him that if this was a legitimate course of argument for the one,
it certainly ought tn lie so for the other.
Mr CLIFFORD was glad thai this question had been made,
and should vote to sustain the decision of the ( hair. He was
glad also that the Speaker manifested a disposnio i lo preserve
the rules of the House Though the motion on this question
might operate with peculiar hardship against his friend from '
Tennessee, yet he s'mnld vote for it, though at the same lime he
would express his regret that the gentleman in the Op|>osition
hail not shown the same fastidious regard for the pisservation to
he rules on former occaswns, when their friends were coneum
ing the time of the House with discussions foreign to the sub-
ject under consideration He hoped his friends would openly
meet this question and settle it, and that hereafter gentlemen in
the Opposition would be as ready to enforce the rules as now
Mr WISE ob|ected to the discussion, as out of order. He had
no objection to I he gentleman's proceeding in his own way, and
hoped he might be permitted to go on.
Mr. BELL wished to make one remark. An impression
seemed to prevail that his colleague would be prevented from
answering a speech of his which was supposed by some to
be out of order, or that some parts of it were out of order.
Under these circumstances, he should be very sorry to deprive
his colleague of the opportunity of replying in his own way.
Whether his remarks were out of order or not, the apprehen-
sions of the other party should operate on his friends to induce
them to permit his colleague to proceed He would, how-
ever, say that he did not recollect a single observation in his
speech that was not strictly in accordance with parliamentary
law He confined himself entirely to the discussion of Ihe
subject before the House, digressing only where an applicable
illustration of it presented Itself
Mr CHAPMAN said that he was extremely glad that th*
crisis had at last arrived that he had desired to see ever since he
had been a member of this House He had seen, with extreme
regret, the latitude of dehate—the palpable digiession from the
legitimate subjeet under discussion by members of this body—
and he had earnestly desired to see this most injurious course
put down by a vote of the House.
Mr. C «aid that he never indulged in such latitude In debate;
indeed he had been as seldom indulged in debate hers as any
member on the floor, and had consumed as little of the time of
the House in that way.
A few days ago, Mr C. «aid, when in Committee of tbe
Whole, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Duncan] was called to
order for digressing from the sub)ect under debate, by a política]
opponent, [Mr Trumbull ] the Chair deciding that although
th speaker was digressing, yet, as it had been the practice
here, he could not determine htm to be out of order. I thought
then that a proper case had occurred to put an end to the practice
as far as my voire could do it, and in a case, toe, when my mo-
tivcscould not be suspected to be improper—objection having
been taken to a political friend by a political opponent I there-
fore took an appeal from the decís on of the Chai*: but the
Chair decided the appeal to be too late, and the question was
not put And here, Mr C said, a gentleman [Mr '.raves] had
made an improper insinuation as to the motive that had Influ-
enced his courfe, alth >ngh he was conscious that his motives
were influenced alone from ásense of public dutv, and a sincere
regard to the interest of the country
Mr C said thatspeeche* had become so common, so lengthy,
and so fureltrn from the subjects under debate generally, that the
most important public and legitimate busintss of the country
was not only delayed, but omitted altogether Th  evil ha
thought greater, much greater, than any reasonable restriction
in debate to the subject under discussion.
Mr. C, «aid h« */«■ twar* lb*t hit oonttitntnta complained,
