304
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. R. also made unfavorable reports on the pe-
titions of Austin Brokenbrough, Elizabeth P. W.
Bacot, and others; Henrietta Beard, John Balch,
James Taylor, of Kentucky; which were severally
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAWSON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of General Duncan L.
Chnch; and a bill for the relief of John Cocke;
which were read twice, and appropriately com-
mitted.
Mr. D. al*o reported back to the Hou^e, Senate
bi'l, entitled an act in addition to an act for the re-
lief of Walter Loomis and Ab*l Gay, approved
Jaly 2d, 1836, with an amendment to strike out
the enacting clause; and it was comroi ted.
Mr. BANKS, from the same committee, made
an unfavorable report on the petition of Andrew
Bartle; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the same comm ttee,
made unfavorable reports in the cases of E. P.
Miller, Charles Sumpsion, Cyrus E. Scott, and
William Ri e; which were severally ordered to he
on the table.
On motion of Mr. GIDDINGS,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the case
of H. G. Ranrmy, and that it be referred to the
Secretary of the Treasury for adjustment.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the same committee, re-
pirt'd a bill for ihe lelief of the Springfield Ma-
nufacturing Company; and a bill fur the relief < f
the legal representatives of Dr. John Gray; which
were severally twice read, and committed.
Mr. GALBRAITH, from the same committee,
male an unfavorable report on ihe case of Peter
C. Fox; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. J. W. WILLIAMS, from the same com-
mittee, reported hack to the House, without amend-
ment, Senate bill entitled an act for the relief of
William A. Whitehead, late collector of the cus-
toms for the port of Key Wes1; which was com-
mitted to the Committee of ihe Whole.
Mr. W. also made an unfavorable report on the
petition of Allen Gentry; which was ordered to lie
on the table-
Mr. HABERSHAM, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill for the relief of the
Vestry and Churchwardens of the Protestant Epis-
copal Church of the parish of St. Philip, in Chat les-
ion, South Carolina; which was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. TILLINGHAST, on leave, presented a
memorial of the masters of vessels and steamboats
navigating: Nuraganset Bay: referred to the Com-
mittee of Commerce.
Mr. CURTIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back to the House, wiihout amend-
ment, resolution of the Senate authorizing the Pre-
s dent of the united States to cause certain surveys
to be made: committed.
Mr. C. also reported the following bills, viv:
A bill for the relief of Isaac and Thomas S,
Wmslow;
A bill for the relief of S. and T. Dorr and Co.;
A bill for the relief of Harvey and Flag*; and
A bill to authorize debenture bonds to be can-
celled in certain cases;
which were severally read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Committee
of Commerce was discharge 1 from the cases of
John Wood and others, and of Betsey Hawley
and were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. W. also made an unfavorable repoit on the
case of John G Munn and others; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the owners and crew of the
schooner Martha, and a b.ll for the relief of John
McColgan; which were read twice, and appro-
priately committed.
Mr. BURKE, from the same, committee, re-
potted
A bill for the relief of Jo-iah Holmes;
A bill for the relief of Nathan Smith and others;
A bill for the relipf of the owners and crew of
the schooner Soeces-; and
A bill for the relief of the owners and legal re-
presentatives of the crew of the schooner In-
dustry;
which were severally read twice, and committed.
Mr. B. also made unfavorable reports in the
rases of Levi Eldridge, John Pat'er<on, John H.
Russell, Joseph James, and Josiah Sturges: seve-
rally ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JAMES GARLAND, from the Committee
on the Public Lands, reported a bill to extend the
time of issuing military land warrants to officers
and soldiers of the Revolutionary army; and
A bill to grant a town^lvp of land to the State of
Virginia, for the use of the Virg nia Institution for
the education of the deaf and dumb, and the
blind;                                 *
which were read twice, and appropriately com-
mitted.
On motion of Mr. J. GARLAND, the same
committee was discharged fiv>m the further conside-
ration of the petition of George Mavfield, and it
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims; and also, it was di.charged from the fur-
ther censideration of the petition of A. W. Huds-
peth and others, and the petition «rdered to lie on
the tab'e.
Mr.CORWIN, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, rep rted a till prescribing the future mode
of selling the public lan-ls in certain land districts
in the State of Ohio; which was read twice, and
c >mmitted.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported
A bill for the becefit of James Anderson, of the
Territory of Iowa; and
A bill for the relief of Michael Class of Missouri;
which were read twice, and committed.
Mr. R also made an unfavorable report on the
petition of the inhabitants of Cahokia, in relation
to school lands: rrdered to lie on the table.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the same committee, re-
ported
A bill to compensate the township of Dnblin, in
Mercer county, Ohio, for the loss of school lands;
and
A bill to enable a certain township in  Ohio to
obtain their school land*, and for other purposes;
which were read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. WHITE of Kentucky, the
Committee on the Public Lands was discharged
from the consideration of the cases of Henry Un-
derbill, Samuel Gladney, A. Hudspeth, Tarlton
Ellege, James Wh te, Elisha Boon, and John Bart-
lett; and the petitions were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Commit'ee on the
Public Lands, reported back to the House, with-
out amendment, Senate bill, entitled "An act to
establish an additional land district in the State of
Alabama;" which was committed
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, reported
A bill granting the right of waj' throuah the pub-
lic lands¡to the different internal improvement com-
panies in the States of Alabama and Miss ssippi;
and
A bill granting the risht of pre-emption to per-
sons who bad settled upon sixteenth sections pre-
vious to their survey; which were read twice, and
appropriately committed.
Mr. H. also made unfavorable reports on the
petitions of John H. Hickman, John H. Rebin?on,
and Elisha Morehead, and others; which were seve-
rally ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mi siss-ippi, from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, made unfavorable re-
pcr s on the memoiial of the trustees of Irurinton
Academy, and the memorial of the mayor and
aldermen of We'umpka, in the State of Alabama;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MARVIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Pos Roads, reported
A bill for the relief of Peters, Moore and Co.
and
A bill for the relief of Walker, Caruthers and
Co. and of Rhodes and Austill;
which were read twice, and committed.
Mr. McKAY, from the same com mi tee, made
unfavorable reports on the petitions of William R.
Jenkins, Christian Schuyler, Thomas McMa ter,
jr. and William Tutern; which were Jaid on the
table.
Mr. BROWN of Mississippi, from the same
commitee, made unfavorable reports on the peti-
tions of Peter Grinnell, Andrew Craig, William
C. Targo, and Joel Beaman; which were ordered
to le on the table.
Mr. LEADBETTER, from the same committee,
made an unfavorab'e report in the case of Robert
C. Stickne\: ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. TURNEY, the Committee on
the Judiciary was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the case of Simon D. Kittle; and it
was ordered to lie on the tab'e.
Mr. T from the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief ef James Morrow and Jonathan Tip-
ton; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. HOFFMAN, ftom the same committee, re-
ported
A bill for the relief of Goreham A. Worth; and
A bill to regulate the legal proceedings, and to
provide for the more speedy trial of causes in the
Circuit Coutt of the United State for the district of
Missouri; which were read twice, and committed.
Mr. H also, from the same committee, report-
ed back to the House, without amendment, Senate
bill entitled an set to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to make an arrangement to compro-
mise with any of the sureties on bonds given to the
Unted States by Samuel Swartwout, late collector
of the customs for the port of New York; which
was committed to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Uni< n.
Mr. MASON, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the relief of David Alspach; wh;ch
was read twice, and committed.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, made an
unfavorable report on the petition of James P.
Carlton; wh'ch was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the CommUtee on
the Judiciary was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Daniel B. Price, and
fram the memorial of the L gislative Council of
Iowa, for an extension of the jurisdic'ion of the
justices of the peace; and they were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SAMUELS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of Wm. J.
Roberts, and a bill for the relief of John Roberts,
which were read twice; when
Mr. SAMUELS moved that as these bills con 
tained no appropriation, and as it was important
they should be speedily acted on, they should by
general consent be engrossed, and placed on the
calendar for their final passage.
Mr. BANKS supported this motion, and moved
that the bill1  and reports accompanying them be
printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. SAMUELS, from the same committee, re-
ported bark to the House, wiihout amendment,
Senate bill, entitled an act, supplementary to an
act to abolish imprisontstnt for debt, in certain
cases; which was committed.
Mr. BEIRNE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported
A bill to continue the corporate existence of the
banks in the District of Columbia, on certain con-
ditions;
A bill to incorporate the Navy Yard Beneficial
Socety of the city of Washington;
A bill to incorparate the Washington Building
and Improvement Company;
A bill to incorporate the Washington city Bene-
volent Society, and
A bill to incorporate the Lafayette Benevolent So-
ciety of the city «f Washington;
which bills were severally read twice, and appro-
priately committed.
Mr CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu-
ti mary Claims, made unfavorable repoits on the
cases of the heirs of Dr. John Roberts and Capt.
Nathan Lamme; which were ordered to he on the
table.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Thomas Jett, Wi'liam T. Smith, William
Wrght, Anihony W. White, Nathaniel Tracy,
Thomas Gordon, and Thomas Glascock; and
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Thomas Simple, deceased; which bills were
read twice, and committed.
Mr. ELY, from the Committee on Revolutiona-
