CONGRESSIONAL, «LOBE.

TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 1840.
—.---------------------------------------------------------------,---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                   ■-«
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
---------WEEKLY
PRICE $ 1   PER SESSION.
Continued /rem No. 19.
ry Claims, made an unfavorable report on the case
of the heirs of Jonathan Snowden; which was or-
dered to he on the table.
Mr. B. GARLAND, from the Commitiei on
Private Land Claims, reported back to the Hoo.se
Senile bills of the following titles, without amend-
ment, viz:
An act for the relief of Susanna Honeyman and
her heirs and ass:ens;
An act for the relief of Juan Bflgar; and
An act authorizing patents to be issued to Joseph
Cimran, for a certain tract of land in the Slate of
Mich-gin;
wh'ch were severally committed.
Mr. JAMESON, from the Cromittee on Private
Land Claims repotted back to the House, witbont
amendment, Senate bill, entitled an act for the re-
lief of Sebastian Butcher, and the heirs and legal
representatives of Bartholomew Batcher, Michael
Butcher, and Peter Bloom; which Was committed
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. J. also reported a bill granting a special pre-
emption for the benefit of James Shinalt; and
A bill for the benefit of Henry Wilson;
which were read twic,and commifed.
Mr. CASEY, from the Commi'tee en Private
Land Claim*, reported back to the House, without
amendment, Senate bill, entitled an act to settle the
tit!e to certain tracts of land in ihe State of Arkan-
sas; which was committed.
Mr. W. O. BUTLER, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of George Boon Steele;
and
A bill for the relief of Jacob Hays;
which were read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. B. the same committee was
discharged from the funher consideration of the
petition of Ward B. Eldred; and it was ordered to
lie on the table.
* Mr. WILLIAM S. HASTINGS, from the same
committee, reported back the the House, without
amendment, Senate bill entitled, "An act for the
relief of Daniel Marsaque:" committed.
Mr. WICK, from the same Committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the heirs of John Thomas,
and others; and
A bill for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Henry Kenney, deceased;
which were read twice, and committed.
Mr. WICK, from the same committee, reported
back to the House, withost amendment, Senate bills
of the following titles, viz:
An act for the relief of Obed P. Lacy; and
An act to authorize John E. Metcalfe and others
to locate certain pre-emption clasm; which were
committed.
Mr. W. also made an unfavorable report on the
petition of James Brewer; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. DILLETT, from the same committee, re-
ported back to the House without amendment, Se-
nate bills entitled an act for the relief of Ma-
dame De Lasser; and an act for the relief of the
heirs of Madams De Lusser and their legal repre-
sentatives; which were committed.
Mr. D. also reporteJ, f rom the same committee,
a bill for the relief of Isaac Norriss; which was
read twice, and committed.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Manufac-
tures, reported a bill to increase the duties upon
imported manufactures of silk, which was twice
read and committed; and reported back to the
House, without amendment, a bill referred to that
committee, to repeal an act to release from duty
iron prepared for, and actually laid on, railways
and inclined planes, approved July 14, 1832, and
to graduate ihe duty paid on such iron hereafter
imported from foreign countries, which was com-
mitted.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, the same committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of the inhabitants of Chester county,
Pa. for a protective tariff; the petition of the inha-
bitants of the city and county of Philadelphia, to-
bacco manufacturers; the*petiiion of iht manufac-
turen of putty in the city of New York; the petition
of Strickland, Gill, and Campbell, architects; the
petition cf the Ameiiean S:lk Society; which were
severally ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. A. from the same comtnittee, to which had
been referred Ihe bill of the House concerning lead
imported into the United States, reported it back
without amendment and with a reque^ that it do
not pass: committed.
" Mr. ADAMS, on leave, submitted the following
sesolution:
Rnelvti, That the following addition be made to
the fifty-seventh rule for conducting business in this
House, viz:
"But no call of the House shall be ordered after
ten o'clock at night, and the attendance of no
member shall be required after midnight."
Mr. A. gave notice that he shuuld ask fur Its
consideraiion on Monday.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported the following resolution:
Re¡oi eá, That the Committee on Ind an Affairs
be authorized to employ a clerk, at the usual rale
of compensation.
The question being on the passage of the reso-
lution,
Mr. TURNEY demanded the yeas and nay?;
which were ordered.
A deba'e here arose, in which Messrs. BELL,
L. WILLIAMS, DAVIS of Indiana, CLIFFORD
of Maine, and S^LTONSTALL, participated.
Mr. VANDERPOEL obtaiiud the floor, advo-
cated the adoption of the resolution, and moved
the previous question; which wa  seconded, and
the main quettivn ordered; and
The main question being, "Shall the resolution
be adopted?" it was decided in the affirmative by
yeas 70, nays 47.
Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, re pored a bill allowing rations to Briga-
dier General John E. Wool, Adjutant and Inspec-
tor General of the United Stale* Army; which was
read twice, and refened to the C >mmit!ee of the
Whole, and made the ordtr of the day for to-
morrow.
Mr. G. from the same committee, made an unfa-
vorable report upon the memorial of Charles New-
kirk, of the Slate of Brew York; which was laid on
the table.
Mr. KEMBLE, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affaiis, reported a bill respecting enlistments
in the army and navy; which was twice read, and
committed.
Mr. Jbj  from the same committee, report -d back
to the House, without amendment, Senate bill, en-
title*" "An actj to provide for the armed occupation
and settlement of that part of Florida, which is
now overrun and infested by marauding bands of
hostile Indians;" which was committed.
On motion of Mr. K. the same committee was
dr-cbarfied from the consideration of the case of
Dr. William J. J. Morrow; and also from the in-
quiry as to ihe propriety of furnishing Colt's patent
rifle to citizens of Florida; and they were ordered
to lie on the tab'e.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina, from the
some committee, reported a bill malting provisions
to pay a company of volunteers for guarding ihe
emigrating Indians; which was read twice, and
commifed.
Mr. UEED, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of Commodore
Isaac Hull; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. STORRS, from the Committee on the Judi-
oiary, reported back t-> the House, without amend-
ment, Senate bill entitled an act to prevent the
counterfeiting of any foreign copper, gold, silver, or
other coin; and it was committed.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Na-
val Affaire, reported a bill for the relief of William
Fabre; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. PICKENS, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported back to the House, with aa
amendment to strike out the second section, Senate
bill entitled an %ct regulating commercial inter-
cou'se wi h the port of Cayenne, in the colony of
French Guiana, and to remit certain duties; which
was committed.
Mr. P. also reported, from ihe same committee,
a bill to regulate the allowance to be made- for ex-
tra services rendered by f ecretarie3 of legation and
consols; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. CLIFFORD, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Alexander Hammett;
which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. CUSHING, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to which had been referred sundry memo-
rials, and also resolutions of States, whose claims
against ihe Government of France, prior to the
year 1600, were renounced in the treaty of that
year, might be indemnified therefor, submitted a te-
port, accompanied with a bill for the relief of the
claimants; which he moved to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. PICKENS submitted a statement on the
same subject, frsm the minority of the committee.
Some discussion followed as to the disposition to
be made of the bill, In which Messrs. CUSHING,
PICKENS, ANDREWS, WISE, ADAMS, VAN-
DERPOEL, and R. GARLA"ND, took part; which
ended in the reference of the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill authorizing the selec-
tion of school lands, in lieu of those granted to the
half breeds of the Sac and Fox Indians; which
were twice read, and committed.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, made an unfavorable report on the case of
Abigail Dumas; which was ordered to tie on the
table.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on the Ter-
ritories, reported
A bill in relation to the navigation of the Nee-
nah and Wiskonsin rivers; and
A bill to authorize the erection of a penitentiary
in Wiskonsin;
which were read twice, and commit ted.
Mr. STUART, from the same committee, re-
ported
A bill to construct pnblie buildings in the Terri-
ritory of Florida, for the use of the court  of jus-
tice; and
A bill to establish a land office at Newnanville,
in ihe Territory of Florida;
which were read twice, and committed.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pennons, made unfavorable reports
on the petitions of Jane Vreeland Vroomen, Han-
nah Sturtevant, Lewis Chandler, Patty Barber,
Rachael Chand'er, Ebenrzcr Conant, Reuben Ro-
berts, Bennet Barnes, John Bain, David Carroll,
David Shorkley, Samuel Burret, Dorothy Tatem,
Amos Rooke, Ichabod Warden, Desore Jolly, Ste-
phen Palmer, Nicholas d'Leaümont, Jane Van
Doren, Sarah Hazzard, Jacob Olinger, Abijan
Hitchcock, Delilah Moni", William Wallace, and
Polly Hamilton; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. TALIAFERRO made unfavorable reports
on the petitions of Sally Stanley, Penelope Plun-
kett, Andrew Lorky, Wilmot Marsdcn, L. Smith,
May Knapp, John Hoover, John Grimm, Benja-
min Chapman, Abigail Yorke, William Wallace,
and Ebenezer Stowe; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. ANDREWS, from the Committee on Revo«
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Sarah Moore, of Maryland; which was twice read,
and committed.                                                   .
Mr. A. also made an unfavorable report on the
petition of Joseph Hecklebander: ordered to lie on
the table.                                       •..._., t>.«„-..
Also, discharged from the case of Abigail Reeve ,
which was ordered to lie en the table.
