306
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, repotted
back to the House, without amendment, Senate bill
entitled an act granting a pension to Lemul
White: committed.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee en Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Elnathan
Sears;
A bill for the relief of Mary Williams, widow of
Jacob Williams;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Hutchinson;
which were read twice, and committed.
On motion t>f Mr. CARR, the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the resolution of Nicholas
Darnell, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
On motion of Mr. C. the committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration of a resolu-
tion inquiring into the expediency of establishing a
pension agency in Lonisville, Ky-
Mr. CARR gave notice that he intended to ask
leave, on the first day that it would be in order to
do so, to introduce a bill granting a small portion of
the public lands to certain volunteers, militia men,
and rangers who served------months in the late
war, and who defended the frontier during the late
war with Great Britain.
Mr. RANDALL, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported
A bill for the relief Horace B. Abbey; and
A bill for the relief of Isaac Plummer;
which were read twice, and committed.
Mr. R. made an unfavorable report on the peti-
tion of David C. Hibbets; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. CHITTENDEN, from tha Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported
A bill for the relief of Betsy H. Hartwell, and
Zachariah D. Snow;
A bill for the relief of George Barkley and John
Weaver;
A bill for the relief of Loro Fisher; and
A bill for the relief of Amaziah Goodwin;
which were read twice, aod appropria'ely com-
mitted.
Mr. C. from the same committee, made adverse
reports on the cases of Susan Merrill, James Gee,
Elizabeth Gavet, Hopestell Bigelow, Samuel But-
ler, JedediahSkinner, and Joseph Hall.
Mr. DOAN, from the same committee, reported
the following bills, viz:
For the relief of William Kerns;
For the relief of William S. Merrill; and
For the relief of Maria C Bell;
which were twice read, and committed.
Mr. D. from the same committee, made adverse-
reports on the cases of Sutherland May field, Jo-
seph W. Ross, and William Baker".
Mr. S. W. MORRIS, from the same committee,
reported
A bill for the relief of William Scott;
A bill for the relief of George May field; and
,   A bill for the relief of Dennis Pygert;
which were read twice, and committed.
Mr. S. W. M. also made unfavorable reports on
the petitions of Jenny Newbit, John Parnell, Jas.
Smallwood, James Scott, E. D. Oliver, John J.
Smith, and Thos. Morgan; which were laid on the
table.
Mr. PALEN, from the same committee, made
an unfavorable report on (he petitien of George
Cassedy: ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. LINCOLN, the Committee
on the Public Buildings and Grounds was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tions of Samuel Atchison and Rector Mitchell;
also, from sundry workmen on the public grounds:
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the same committee, re-
ported a resolution directing a chandelier to be pro-
cured for the hall of the House; and, after a few
remarks from Messrs. WISE, LINCOLN, and
HABERSHAM, it was postponed till Saturday
next.
On motion of Mr. STANLY, from the Com-
mittee on the Expenditures on the Pabhc Build-
ings, it was
CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
Resolved, That the said committee have authority
to bead for persons and pape s.
Mr. DUNCAN presented the petition of Persley
Kemper, of Hamilton county, Ohio; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLIFFORD presented sundry documents in
relation to the claim of the heirs of Adam McCul-
loch to the title to Goat Island, on Cape Porpoise;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. STEENROD, from  he Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Jacob Baugh; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Mary Matilda Dorsey.
Mr. H. presented documents in the caseeof Jo-
seph Ramsey; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. MITCHELL,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, April 6,1840.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
citizens of Philadelphia, praying that effectual
measures be taken to suppress the foreign slave
trade under the American flag; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. S. also presented a memorial of citizens of
the northwestern part of Pennsylvania, praying an
appropriation for the improvement of the Allegha-
ny river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of Wil-
liam T. Winn, administrator of Timothy Winn,
late a purser in the navy, prsying compensation for
extra services; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial from citi-
zen  of the county of 8t Joseph, Michigan, pray-
ing the passage of a general bankrupt law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. P. also presented the memorial of citizens
of Racine, Wiskonsin, praying an appropriation
for the improvement of the harbor at that place,
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. P. also presented a memorial from the pro-
prietors of steam vessels on Lake Erie, praying for
a repeal of certain provisions of the law of 1837;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented resolutions passed
by the General Assembly of the State of Louisiana,
instructing the Senators, and requesting the Repre-
sentatives, of said State in Congress, to use their
exertions to procure the establishment of a milita-
ry post or garrison near Alexandria, in the parish
of Rapides, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed-                                                     *
Mr. N. also presented resolutions of instruction,
from the same body, for the construction of a road
from Vidalia to Natchitoches; which was referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. N. also presented similar resolutions of in-
struction from the same body, to procure the passage
of a law giving to the Legislature of Louisiana the
power and authority (o protect from waste, and to
lease or sell the sixteenth sections or school lands
in that State, and also to enter a like quantity of
other lands where the said sixteenth sections have
been previously conceded by valid titles; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Oh motion by Mr. N. tbe petition of William
Duncan, attorney, and the memorial of John Ni-
cholson, executor of Abner L. Dunean, deceased,
on the files of the Senate, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. PRENTISS presented two memorial from
citizens of the State of Vermont, praying the pas-
sage of a general bankrupt law; which were refer-
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. NORVELL presented the memorial of a
number of citizens of Chicago, in the State of Illi-
nois, recommending the establishment of a port or
entry at that place; which was referred to the Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PIERCE presented the petition of a number
of citizens of the State of New Hampshire, praying
the establishment of a post route; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the memorial of
a number of citizens of Oswego county, N. Y.
praying the passage of a bankrupt law; which
was refened to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. T. also presented the petition of a number of
citizens of Poughkeepsie, New York, praying a re-
duction of postage on letters; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. T. also presented the petition of a number of
citizens of Yates county, New York, praying that
Florida may not be admitted into the Union as a
State, whilst her Constitution tolerates slavery; the
motion to receive which was,
On motion by Mr. KING, laid on the table.
Mr. YOUNG presented seven memorials from a
number of citizens of the State of Illinois and Ter-
ritory of Iowa, severally praying the extension of
a mail route; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and the Post Roads.
Mr. MOUTON presented the petition of L. Bay-
ley; and
The petition of Margaret Deveal, severally pray-
ing the confirmation of titles to lands; which were
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented the memorial
of a large number of highly respectable citizens of
Alabama, praying the passage of a geneial bank-
rupt law; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
five hundred of the most respectable citizens of
Pittsburg, praying the passage of a general bank-
rupt law; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr- FULTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Rtsolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of causing
the name of Benjamin O «en, a Revolutionary sol-
dier, to be placed upon the pension roll.
Mr. HUBBARD submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate cause
to be prepared an alphabetical list of all private
claims which have been before the Senate, with the
action of the Senate thereon, since the commence-
ment of the Fifteenth Congress; and that he com-
municate the same to the Senate at the commence-
ment of the next session.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Tallmadoe on
Friday last, in relation to the court martial in the
case of Lieutenant Whitney, was" disagreed to—
ayes 16, noes 21.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the bill from the House for
the relief of Meigs D. Benjamin and Co. reported
the same without amendment.
The bill for the discontinuance ef the office of
surveyor general in the several districts, so soon as
the surveys therein can be completed, and for abo-
lishing land offices under certain circumstances,
and for other purposes, was read a third time, and
passed.
The bill to authorize the President of the United
States to raise one thousand five hundred men, to
serve against the Florida Indians, after some re-
marks from Messrs. BENTON, PIERCE, LINN,
and PRESTON, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
The bill granting to the county of Kalamazoo, in
the State of Michigan, the right ef pre-emption to a
quarter section of land, and for other purposes,
after some remarks by Messrs. KING and NOR-
! ¡ VELL, was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
\       CANAL TO CONNECT THE LAKES.
| i     The S nate proeceiel to the consideration of tbe
,   bill granting to the State of Michigan a quantity
of land to aid said State in the construction of a
> canal around the Fails of St. Marie.    The bil
