310
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
residence of «he deceased, at (leven o'clock, a. m.
at which line the body was removed, in charge
of die Coaimvtee °<* Arrangemtnts, attended by
the S rge .a -ai-Anns of the Senate, to the Senate
Chamfer, where the faneral service was performed
by the Rev. Mr. Bates, and the sermon preached
by the Rev. Mr. Coojoun.
Tat funeral procession then proceeded to the
place of interment in the following orden
The Chaplains of both Houses.
Physicians who attended the deceased.
CtwMttec «/dtrwif twwufa •■
Mr. Davis,                            Mr. Link,
Mr. Cuttbmdkn,                   Mr. PlKRCC.
Mr. Hkndxrson.
Pai/Bearerc
Mr. Clit, of Ky.                 Mr. Lumpkin,
Mr. Clattoh,                       Mr. Preston,
Mr. Dixon,                           Mr. Roane.
The Family and Friends of the deceased.
The Senator and Representatives from the Sute of
Connecticut, as mourner*.
Tht Sargeaat-at-Anas of the Senate of the United
States.
The Senate of the United States, preceded by the
▼ice President and Secretary.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of ihe House of Represen-
tati ves.
The House of Representatives, preced*d by their
Speaker and Clerk.
«              The President of the United States.
Heads of Departments.
Foreign Mmis'ers.
Citizens and Strangers.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
WsDinsiMv, April 8, 1840.
The House assembled, paisuant tj adjourn-
ment; «ad, after the journal was read,
Mr ADAMS rose and said that, in order that
the House might carry into effect ihe íesointioa |
adopted oa yesterday, in relation to attending the ;
faneral of Thaddeos Betts, deceased. Senator ,
from the State of Connect cut, he would move that
the House adjourn; which motion being con- ;
curred in,
The House adjourned.                                           '
tMr. Mill** moved, no the 17th February, that the petitions
•oil papa «fit  foUowtnciianadpersone, citizen* of atwon-
ri, heretofore presented to Conereas, and now on the file* of the
Hoaj*a,be taken therefrom, and referred to the several commit-
tee* hereafter named, riz: That the petition and paper* of
Franca* Ray, Anana For, and John B. Danger, claiming com-
peaentioa for deprwaMioo* commuted on their property by cer-
tain Indian* therein named, be taken from the files of the
Howe, end referredlo the Committeeof Claim*; (hit the peti-
tion and paper* of the hem of Apollo  Cooper, heretofore pre-
•«Mad to Coogreaa, claiming «even years' half pay for hi* ser-  ,
rice  a  a lieutenant in the army ot the Revolution, be taken
from lb* ala* of the Hotue, and referred to the Committee on
R**olntionary Chuma; that the petition aad papen of William
Nicholas, asking compensation for two hot ees lost by him in  '
the year ISIS, while in the service of the United Sutes, and
heretofore presented to Conerese, betaken from the file* of the
U 'Osa, and referred to the Committee of Claim : be also begged
líate to refer therewith, to the same committee, the affidavit of
John Rntand, being additional testimony in tuppoit of said
claim-, that the petition and paper* of John Turner, asking
compensation for depredation* committed on hi* property by
the Sac and Fox Indiana, and heretofore presented to Congress,
be taken from the file* of the House, end referred to the Com-
mktee of Chum*; that Ihe petition and paper* of James Watson,  i
asking compenealijn for depredations committed on hi* pro-  '
perry by certain Indian*, be taken from the files of the House,
and referred to the Committee of Claims; that the petition and  i
peseta of the heirs of Joshua Bishop, praying compensation for
depredation  committed on the property of the Mid Bishop by  ,
certain Indians, be taken from the files of the House, and re-  ,
ferred to the Committee of Claims; that the petition and papar*  ,
ef Samad Daria, William Brown, and Haston H. Arthur, ask-   '
inf pre-emptions to certain laud  therein described, be taken
from Uw file* of the House, and referred to the Committee on  '
Ihe Fabric Lands.]                                                                 <
«IN SENATE,
TnrasDAr, April 9, 1840.
The CHAIR, «omitted a report of ihe Second
Auditor of the Treasury, made agreeably to law,
showing ihe dirborsemenis or application of mo-
neyr, good*, or effects, for the benefit of the In-
dians, from October 1, 1838, to the 30tb of Sep-
tember, 1839; which wa* read, and ordered to be
printed.                                                                      ;
Also, a report from the Secretary of War, in
compliance with a resolution ef the Senate, rela-
tive to the application of a mineral sola lion to the
preservation   of   timber,   called  " Kvanizing;"
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LINN pitsínted  he petition of Welcome
A. Robbing Thomas J. Robbing and F. M. Rob-
¡   bins, of Missouri, praying the confirmation of their
title to a tract of land; which was referred to ihe
i   Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. L. also presented the petition of Henry H.
Duvall and others, citizens of the State of Missouri,
I   praying that William Tripkette may be confirmed
in toe right of pre-emption to a tract of land; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. L. also presented the pstition of a number
|   of citizens of the State of Missouri, praying the es-
l   tablishment of a post route; which was referred to
,   the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
,   and ordered to be printed.
I Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the petition
I of Chandler Sherwin and Benjamin Campbell,
i praying the right of pre emption to an island lying
J in the Mississippi river, which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. MERRICK presented the memorial of a
¿umber of citizens of Washington, in the District
, of Columbia, praying the recharte r of the banks in
the city of Washington; which was referred to the
Committee on the DtMrict of Colombia, and or-
dered to he printed.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the petition
of Thomas Daniel; which was re erred to the Com-
mittee on Mili ary Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of John
L. Mersereau, praying remuneration for h« ser-
vices as a spy during ihe Revolutionary war;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionaiy Claims.
Mr. BENTON presented the memorial of the
officers of the corps of engineers, opposed to the
hill to regulate the pay and allowances of the
officers of the line and the staff of the army, and
praying that the same may not become a law;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. RUGGLES presented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of the Stale of Maine, inspecting
the Senators, and requesting the Representatives of
said State in Congress to use their exertions to
procsre the passage of an act to make provision
for grantisg indemnity to sufferers by French spo-
liations upon American, commerce, prior to the
year 1800; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. R. a'so submitted a preamble and resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the Sta'e of Maine iu
favor of a general bankrupt law; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered lo be printed.                      W
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial of a num-
ber of citizens of the United States, in favor of esta-
blishing a communication between the valley of
the Ohio river and the Oregon Territory; which
was referred to the Select Committee on the Oregon
Territory.
Mr. KING presented the petition of a number of
citizens of township 20, range 3 west, in Sumpter
county, Alabama, praying to locate a section of
land for the use of schools in lieu of one of which
they have been deprived; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr, ALLEN presented a preamble and resolu-
tions passed by the General Assembly of the State
of Ohio, instructing the Senators and requesting the
Representatives of that Stale to use their exertions
to procure the passage of a law authorizing the
sale of the public lands lying adjacent to the lands
hitherto granted to that State for the construction
of canals; which were referred to the Committee on
the Pablic Lands.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, te which was referred the petition of Jubal
B. Hancock, made a report thereon, which was or-
dered to be prin'eJ, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. PIERCE, from ih* Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Mary Linn,
widow of David Linn, made an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed,
Mr. PRESTON, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
authorizing the Committee on the Library to take
measures for the importation of the siaiue of
Washington by Greenhow; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. KING, from he Committee on Comnvree,
to which was referred House bill fur the rel ef of
Nathan Levy, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to which was referred the petition of
John Johnston, made an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
BANK OP THE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to incorpo-
rate the Bank of the DMrict of Columbia; which
was read,and ordered to a second reading.
[The bill provides, that John P. Van Ness, Thos.
Carbery, George Parker, Francis S. Key, John
Boyle, William A. Bradley,Thomas Blagden, Ben-
jamin 0. Tayloe, William Gunton, John P. In-
gle, George Thomas, John Carter, E. M. Lin-
th.cum, John Kurtz, Phineas Janey, Henry Dan-
geifield, and John C. Vowel, ¿hall act as commis-
sioners to receive subscriptions to the stock of the
Bank of the District of Columbia, with a capital
of two millions of dollars, divided, into shares of
fifty dollars each, to be locaied in the city of
Washington, wiih branches in Georgetown and
Alexandria, the chatter to expire in 1855. The
charters of the present banks of the District are
extended until ninety days after the new bank shall
go into operation]
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Senate will not consider or
discuss any bill for the renewal of a bank charter
in the District of Columbia, while the slid bank
refuses to pay specie for its notes and deposites,
or circulates notes of any banks so refusing-
Mr. NORVELL submitted the following, which
was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation of money to enable the
President of the United States lo negotiate for the
extinction of the Indian tides to the residue of the
lands in the upper peninsula of Michigan, claimed
by the aborieinrs et that peninsula.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Ruohcd, That ihe Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to send to the Senate all the pipers, cr
copies of papers, in  his Department, rela'ine to
the claims of James Allen to a pre-emption right
n the State of Missouri.
1 The resolution submitted some days since by
Mr. Hubbard was considered and agreed to.
The bill granting to the county of Kalamazoo,ia
the State of Michigan, the right of pre-emptitn to
a quarter ^section of land, and for other purposes;
and
The bill authorizing the relinquishment of the
s;xteenth sections granted for the use of schools,
and the entry of oth r lands in lieu thereof,
were severally read a third time and passed.
The bill to author ze the President of the United
States lo raise one thousand five hundred men, to
serve against the Florida Indians, was, on motion
of Mr. PIERCE, recommitted to the Committee on
.Military Affaiis.
Í The bill granting to the S ate of Michigan a
tjuanty of land to aid said State in the construction
i f a canal around the Falls of -St. Marie, coming
hp on its third reading,
{ Mr. MERRICK demanded the yea  and nays
on its passage.
Í Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said that this bill had
v* ry qnietly progressed toils present position, but
a* yet he had not heard a s'ngie word by way of
argument in its favor. He wtu'd like to hear
from the friends of the bill • some reason for the
grant of this vast quantity of the public domain.
Mr. NORVELL said that if the Senator had
been present when the bill was considered in com-
mittee, and ordered to be engrossed, he would have
heard various reatons adduced in its favor, and
