CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
such as appeared satisfactory to all the Senators
who were present. He would, however, consent
that the bill should be postponed for the present, to
give Senators time to make themselves acquainted
with its provisions, but would call it up at a very
early day.
The bill was then mform-lly passed over.
The bill to revive the act entitled " An act to
enable claimants to land within the limits of Mis-
souri and the Territory of Arkansas to institute
procce 'ings to try the validity of their claims," ap-
proved the twenty sixth of May, eighteen hundred
and twenty-four, and an act amending the same,
and «tending the provisions of said acts to claim-
ants to land v. i hin the States of Louisiana and
Mississippi, beirg taken up as in Committee of the
Whole, was discussed by Messis. LINN, GRUN-
DY, SEVIER, BENTON, MOUTON, KING,
CLAY of Kentucky, and HENDEHSON; and
after various amendments had been adopted, the
bill, as amended, was ordered to be printed.
The Senate then rent into Executive business,
And afterwards adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Thubsdat, April 9, 1840.
The journal having been read:
Mr. LINCOLN a kel the unanimons leave of
the House, in be^lf of his colleague, Mr. Abbot
Lawrence, still confined to his room by sickness,
to submit a communication from the Hon. Thomas
H. Perkins of Boston, and a great number of the
merchants of Boston and Salem, Massachusetts,
interested in the China trade, containing a state-
ment of intelligence recently received from that
country, which has net before been made publicly
known, with a view to the reference of the com-
munication to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Leave being granted, Mr. Lincoln presented
the communication; and upon his motion, it was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the resolution of the gentleman
from New York, Mr. Hand, for the introduction
of which the rules had been suspended on Tuesday
last; but the action on wh ch had been suspended
by the annunciation of the death of a member of
the other body; which resolution was in the follow-
ing words:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to this House whit works he con-
siders necessary to be constructed/in order to place
the Northern and Northespten/frontiers in a pro-
per and permanent state of defpee.
Mr. WISE reqested Ml h/nd to accept, as a
substitute therefor, or, if fcotjas a substitute, as a
modification, the following Resolution offered by
Mr. W. on Monday last:
Resolved, That the Sedrefery of War be, and be
is hereby, requested to jai before this House, as
soon as practicable, a r^nort of a full and con-
nected system of national defence, embracing
steam and other vessels/of war, and "floating
batteries" for coast and parbor defence; and na-
tional foundries, and thf internal Weans auxilia-
ry to these for trans-pottation and other warlike
uses by land; and that he be rrqueslud to furnish
this House with the reports submitted to his De-
partment, at any time, by Major General Edmund
P. Gaines, or o'her parson, or persons, of profes-
sional experience, cf their "plans of defence,'' if
any utich have been submitted, wuh the vi-ws of
the Secretary of War thereon. And that the Se-
cretary furnish an estimate of the expenses of hi-,
own and other plans he may report, distinguish-
ing such parts of plans as ought to be immedi-
ately adopted and prosecuted, with the probable
cast and time of their prosecut.on and commence-
ment.
Mr. HAND said he had no particular objection
to that resolution, as an addition; but the whole
plan might not be prepared, and he wished it so
passed as to avo d delay If it was added as a sub-
stantive resolution, the Secretary might send that
portion relating to the Northern and Northeastern
frontier at once.
Mr. WISE then moved his resolution, by way of
amendment, as an additional onej which wa  un-
derstood to be accepted by Mr. Hand as a modifi-
caron of his.
The question then being on the resolution as
modified,
Mr. WISE said that his resolution embraced an
entire system of national defence—a system which,
it seemed to him, ought to have been entered on
long ago. This Government, he would venture to
say, in the face of a threatened war, was in the most
defenceless condition of any in the world. There
was not a power on earth, civilized or barbarous,
with a tithe of the physical force which this coun-
try could employ, that had not now in active ope-
ration more means of defence than we. In fact,
our condition was worse than if we had never spent
a dollar on our s) stem of fortifications. There was
scarcely a fort on our seaboard that was not in a
condition to be taken by the enemy, and to be used
against ourselves, instead of being a fort for our
own defence. He would not now go into the
inquiry whose fault it was, from the time that we
had the celebrated excitement on the three million
appropriation down to this moment, when we stood
now in the presence of the British lion himself—he
would not now stop to inquire who was to blame
for the helpless condition of our country, left, as it
was, to the mercy of any foe that possessed mari-
time power. He would not now stop to comment
on the utter, reckless folly of talking of a war with
Great Britain about a few pine logs in Maine,
when our commerce, our national honor, our Uves,
and everf portu n of our frontier, we exposed to
British aggression and British bayonets.
Mr. HAND said, that on this subject he was no
alarmist. He well knew the deep injury that our
commercial interests might sustain by an exciting
and injudicious debate there. All he desired npw
was, that the House m ght be fully informed on
this important subject.
Mr. WISE. I am no alarmist. I have no idea
that ihere is to be a war. But I go for the necessity
of fortifications upon the most liberal scale for a
peace establishment.
Mr. HAND said he bad not supposed this reso-
lution would interrupt the regular business of the
House by debate. The answers to this and the
other calls on the President and Departments, and
probably the report of the Military Committee,
would soon be in, and then would, he thought, be
the time for discussion, and he felt constrained
again to move the previous ques'ion.
Mr. ADAMS appealed to Mr. Hand to with-
draw his motion for the previous question.
Mr. HAND was understood to insist on his call
for the previous question.
Mr. ADAMS said he wished to say a word on
this subject, because he found that there was among
his own constituents, ana among that portion of
the people of this country who were now, by the
act of God, deprived of the services of tieir im-
mediate Representative, [Mr. Lawrence,] much
anxiety in relation to it. He concurred perfectly
in the opinion last expressnd by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Wise] He thought that
there was not the slightest danger at this moment
of a war with Great Britain, nor for jears to come.
He (Mr. A.) said n* t for years to come, and he
hoped this statement would be reported to his consti-
tuent, and to those nrxt to his own district—the
people of ihe cuy of Boston, who were probably as
deeply m'ereMed In the preservation of peace with
Great Britain as any poitioa of the peop'e of ihe
Un t d States.
Mr. RHETT rce lo inquire of the Speaker
whether the demand for the prev ojs question was
or wa« not withdrawn?
Mr. HAND was understood to say he had not
withdrawn it.
Mr. ADAMS regretted, he <=aid, that the gen
tlcman from Souih Carolina [Mr. Rhett] was
unwilling to hear that there was no danger of a
war with Great Britain. The previous question
had been withdrawn, and he hoped be would not
be again interrupted.
Mr. RHETL The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hand] says he has not withdrawn the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. HAND ««id ho had not withdrawn it, bat
would do so on the promise of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] to renew it.
After some confnsion, cries to order, Ac.
Mr. ADAMS was understood to say that he
would renew it, and spoke in substance as follows,
(as published in the National Intelligencer.)
He stat >d, for the benefit of his constituents, ana
of the immediate neighborhood of his constitu-
ents, and of the people of the whole country, that
he did not apprehend, in the slightest degree, that
there was any immediate danger of a war with
Great Britain, or for years to come. And he found-
ed this opinion on two things: In the first place,
he^ founded it on the mesage of the President
of the United States at the commencement of
the present sesrio , in which he (Mr. A.) thought
there was not a single word ®f recommendation
to the people to prepare themselves for that great
and terrible conflict which must ensue whenever
we came in conflict wuh Great Britain. From the
day he saw that message, he concluded in his own
mind that there wa? no danger of a war with
Great Britain. And why? Because he was sure
that, if the President of ihe United States himself
had the -slightest apprehension of danger of an
immediate or early collision, it would have been
wrong in him not to Btive recommended very
strong and extensive preparations for that event.
When, after that message was delivered, he (Mr.
A.) saw weeks upon weeks pass away under an
apprehension on the part of the c.tiaensof the Uni-
ted State í and of many of the members of this
House that there was danger of war; when he
saw the correspondence which had taken place
(and which had from time to time been communi-
cated to Congress) between the Secretary of State
and the British Minister here—be confessed he
had waited to see on what ground it was that the
President of the United States had concluded that
there was not the slightest danger of a collision
with Great Britain at present.
When the last correspondence was commnni'
cated to the Senate—and when a gentleman, the
chairman of the Commit'ee on Foreign Affairs in
this House [Mr. Pickens] sounded the alarm—an
alarm which had pervaded the whole country—he
[Mr. A.] felt a degree of concern and apprehen •
sion himself, not then having seen the correspond-
ence. But the very next morning he saw it; and,
in the last letter from the Secretary of State to the
British Minister, he saw the grounds upon which •
the President had come to such a conclusion, and
very safely come to it. That correspondence, as
all must have observed, has been of an irritating
character. There was anger, passion, feeling, upon
both sides; and the community and many mem-
bers of Congress, seeing these expressions of irrita-
tion, probably came to the conclusion, unneces a-
rily as he thoneht, that there was danger of an im-
mediate collision.
He, af soon as he saw the last letter of the Se-
cretary of State, became satisfied that there was eo
such danger; for, in the very heat and tempest of
the passion, the Secretary of State broke off, and
said that, from thsday on Which the President of
the United States entered upon the duties of his
station, he had <lrt?rm ned that, in the evpnt of the
two panies not being able to come to an under-
s'and.ng by means of their negotiat.on«, he would
propose a reference of the great question at issue,
for the second time, to a third party. To this the
very natural rep'y of the British MiniVer was, that
this was a iew preposition, which re cou'd only
ommunicate to his Government, as he wou'd im-
mediately do And that was the poiltn in which
the matter now stood. Ore of two things mu<-t be:
either there was a proposition already on the part
of Great Britain t-> accept a proposition hereto'ore
made on the part of the Government of the United
States—and that, of course, would necetsanly pre-
vent collision,—or the Government of Great Bri-
tain must determine whether it would accept of
this Deposition for a reference. Now, he said th*t
the Government of Great Britain could not refuse
this proposition; and when the question was refer-
red to a third power, we should have no war from
that time forward until at any rate the arbitrators
had come to a decision, which would take y**rs:
There was one other possibility ^Wch might in:
