31&
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
duce collision; which was, that, while these negoti-
ations were go ng on, the Biit.sh Government
might continué to encroach en the territory of tie
United Siatej as they were doing, and had been
doing ever since this matter had approached to the
appearance of hostility between the two countrirs.
This was possible—nay, probable. On the other
hand, we had, on the part of the people of Maine,
manifestations of a spirit not to submit, for any
great length of time, to these continual encroach-
ments—partially denied—partially, so to speak,
prevaricated away in the correspondence between
the Brush M nister and the Secretary of State;
but still going on in the disputed territory, in
which the British authorities might continue to ad-
vance until they had all they claimed, and proba-
bly a gre\t deal more. It remained for the p?ople
of Maine to decide whether they would submit to
it or not. He believed they would submit to the-e
encroachments, and that there would be no act on
- the part of this Government to sustain or support
them if they did not submit. He gave warning to
the Representatives from Maine and Massachusetts
in this House that the people of Maine would sub-
mit so long as it pleased the Government of Great
Britain to pursue them uwler this course ef negoti-
ation to be resumed by a second reference. He
pre umed, however, that many of the Representa-
tives of the State of Maine understood the feelings
of their people better than he did.
. Mr. A. then alluded to the course of the Govern-
ment of Maine during the last spring—against
which, Mr. A. said, he would not at the time con-
sent to the adoption of any proportion which even
by imputation could cast censure upon the Gover-
nor for his conduct. But, more recently, he (Mr.
A.) had seen evidences of an exceedingly cool and
tame spirit coming from the State of Maine. He
did not mean to say this was not very proper under
the circumstances of the limes; but he had satisfied
himself that there was no sort of danger to be ap-
prehended from any act of the people of that State.
The Legislature of Maine declared at that time
that if the Government of the United Sta'es did not
take the matter up, they would do justice to them-
selves. Now they declared that if the British went
on encroaching there, and prevaricating here, as
th^y bad done and were doing, they would call on
the Government of the United States to protect
them.
Mr. Smith of Maine. What else, sir, did they
say—that if the General Government did not pro-
tect them, they would protect themselves?
Mr. A. said, all he intended to say was what he
did not think any member (rom Maine would con-
tradict, that, in the event of a second reference to a
third power, the people of Maine would not com-
mence a war with Great Britain; if any one did
contradict it, let the two statements be put side by
side.
Mr. A. Smith said it was not his feeling, nor
the feeling of the people of Maine, that this ques-
tion should be again submitted to a reference in the
manner or at all under the terms upon which it was
submitted by a former Administration.
Mr. Adams said the gentleman was very cau-
tious in his declaration that the pecp'e would not
submit to another reference.     He (Mr. A ) de-
clared they would submit to it, and he said that
they ought to submit to it in case the event ihould
come: and one of his chief motives in addresjing
the House at this time was to say that he approved
entirely of this determination on the part of the
President of the United States.     He thought the
Chief Executive of this country wss authoiized to
make such a reftrence.and he was gratified to find
such a determination had been formed; for nothing
could be more effectual in preventing that collision
which many of them, and he among íhe number,
were so apprehensive of.   He believed it was the
most pacific and conciliatory course which could
have been determined upon; for that reason he ap-
proved of it, and it would be approved by the
whole of the civilized race of mankind.     It came
precisely to that point in reference to wh'ch so
many petitions had been brought into this House,
and to which he wished the House bad paid more
attention—that was to say, a general principle
which, by tht force of public opinion, should com-
pel all Governments in the world to resort to this
pacific mode of settling difficulties rather than by a
resort to war.     The two nations—the Bntsh peo-
I pie and the people of the United States—he might
say unanimously, for he scarcely  believed there
¡   was a man but who deprecated a war between the
1 two nations—all deprecated a resort to war. The
reference of the ques'ion to arbitrators was an
honorable mode of prccaeding; no nation could re-
fuse to adopt such a course. The British Govern-
ment, he maintained, must compulsively, whether
they would or not, accept the proposition; and if
not compelled, they would do it from motives ef
policy; and therefore he concluded there was no
danger of a war. The only doutthe could enter-
tain would be that the people of Maine, in the im-
i patience and impetuosity which they m<<st natu-
rally feel for their own interests and their own
rights, might, by their own indiscretion, commence
hostilities. He did not, however, apprehend sucb
an event, nor did he still believe that any member
1 would rise and say that there was dacger of war
from that source.
Mr. SMITH of Maine said he had listened with
profound attention to the remarks of the venerabie
gentleman from Massachusetts, touching a ques-
tion of absorbing interest to the people of Ma;ne,
and he confessed his inability to comprehend them.
1 Mr. S. was so unfortunate as to misapprehend the
tenor of those remarks, or they embraced proposi-
i   tions wholly inconsistent with each other.   The
I   gentleman had said, that, when this question was
i asitated in the Inst Conzress, and the conduct of
the Government of Mainp, in calling cut the mili-
tary force of the State to repel the invaders of her
soil, was the subject of animadversion, he had been
among the foremost to defend the cnurse which
Maine had pursued. He had not saffered the
slightest reproach to be east upon her. Maine had
done precisely as she should have done under the
circumstances. There was a palpable invasion of
her territory, and she had acted nobly in repelling
it. Bat the gentleman seems now to think that
the peace of the country may be preserved, if
Maine, by some act of indiscretion and rash-
ness, do not disturb it. The territory of the
State, solemnly and repeatedly declared to be
so by the National Government—known to be so
1 by Great Britain herself—was now in the occupa-
tion of foreign troops. The soil of Maine, the gen-
tleman from Masjaihusetts declares, is, at this mo-
ment, encroached by British troops, and that such
encroachment «ill be continued and persisted in by
Great Britain, and quietly submitted to by the Uni-
ted States, unlets the people or Government of
Maine, by some act of indiscretion or-rashnm, in-
tercept our peaceable relations with that country!
And the gentlemen tells us furthermore, that the
proper course to adjust the question, is to propose
another reference, which he says Great Britain will
not and cannot refute, and which it will take years
to bring it to an issue—and he then tauntingly
gives notice to the people of Maine, that although
pending this reference, the encroachments of Eng-
land will be continued, they must and will quietly
and peaceably submit to them, and that any resist-
ance on their part will be rash and indiscreet, and
tend to involve the country in a war!
Mr. S. repelled this idea of passive obedience
and non-resistance on the part of Maine. There
had been nothing in the course of her Government
to justify it. Mr. S. called upon th° gentleman
from Massachusetts to point out the "tame spiri "
of which he pretended to have seen recent evidence
in that State. The resolutions very lately adopted
by her Legislature were, in let er and spirit, wholly
at variance  i'h tameness or servility. And Mr.
S. assured the gentleman from Massachusetts, and
the country, that no attachment to party would be
suffered to swerve the people of that State from a
persevering and determined maintenance of their
constitutional and unalienable rights.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts, who came
forward so honorably to sustain the military opera-
lions of Maine, in the last Congress, upon the
ground that they were justifiable, seems now
to think that a similar course on her pait
wonld be rash and indiscreet, and that
it is her duty to submit to the continued encroach-
ments of England for years to come. Mr. S. was
wholly unable to comprehend the distinction be-
tween an invaM' n of Maine last year, and a mili-
tary occupation the present jear. And he assured
the gentleman that the people of Maine would not
understand it. The same regard for the honor of
their State—for the integrity of its territory—for
their own character as American citizens—which
prompted the people of Maine to resist and repd
theinvasijn of her soil upon a former occasion,
still existed. They had the same distinguished
gentleman at the head of the Government; and the
people of this country might be assured that he
would never permit the State over which he pre-
sided to be disgraced by foreign encroachments.
The gent'eman from Massachusetts had spoken in
high terms of that functionary. Mr. S. expressed
his thanks to the gentleman for the just manner in
which he had ipoken of the Governor of Maine.
As a Representative of the people of that State,
and as a personal friend of that distinguished indi-
vidual, he tendered him his unfeigned thank*.
Mr. S. had the fullest assurance that the rights
of Maise were duly regarded by the National Ad-
ministration. He had never doubted the dispo-
sition of the Executive to extend the protection of
the nation over the entire territory of that State;
and he had unshaken confidence in the patriotism
of the people of the whole country to sustain the
Government in every measure necessary for the
accomplishment of that purpose. He dd not
; agree with the gen'leraan from Massachusetts in
i regard to the tone of the correspondence last com-
municated to Congress between the Secretary of
State and the British Minister. He considered the
letter of the Secretary, in reply to the British Mi-
nister, an able, dignified, and statesmanlike paper,
and a most triumphant vindication of the rights
of Maine, and the action of her Government in
regard to the boundary question, and, at the same
time, evinced the full determination of the Go-
vernment of the nation to sustain and defend them.
It was such a paper as was to have b;en ex-
pected from the source from which it emanated.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had spoken
of a reference as the proper mode of adjusting and
finally sett ing this vexed que^ion. In regard to
that matter, Mr. S. believed he expressed the views
of the whole people of Maine, when he stated that
they would never consent to a reference in ths
manner, and under the terms, upon which the ques-
tion was referred under a former Administration.
But Maine had set up no claim to territory, the
justice of which she was not willing to submit to
the strictest scrutiny. She was willing that the
line designated by the treaty of 1783, between her
territory and the British provinces, should be tun
and maiked, and finally settled by disinterested
and scientific individuals, who should be required
to go npon the territory with the treaty, and per-
form this service. To such a reference, Mr S. be-
lieved Maine would not object. Any other, insti-
tuted upon terms which would render a just deci-
sion less cert^p, she would most strenuously
re.-ist.
Mr. W. THOMPSON said that the information
sought in the resolution had b;en communicated
informally to the Committee on M'litary Affairs,
and that it was now before that committee for the
purpose of being acted upon. He was understood
to say that,he thought ihe lest plan would be to
have the matter referred to the commit'e^, that
they raifht report upon it, and that the who'e might
be printed. Still, however, he would not raise any
special objection to the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. T. then proceeded to make some remarks
i on the question to which the resolution looked. He
thought there was no reason for this haste. He
would say that the conduct of the Gensial Govern-
ment in regard to Maine met hisentiie approval.
He was rejoiced to hear the remark of the distin-
guished gentUman from Massachusetts (Mr.
Adams;) speaking out as all would have expected
him to do, not only with the spirit and manliness
of an American patriot, bnt with the wisdom of an
American statesman. He (Mr. T.) had not recen'-
ly believed there was any danger of war, though
he did believe so at the last sesión of Congress.
He believed that in the condition in which the
