CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¿19
trict, and for other purposes, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. C. also, from the sam  commute , to which
was referred House bill for the relief of Sutton Ste-
phens, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. WALKER, from the Coramiitee on the
Public Lands, to whic was referred the bills from
the House
For the relief of James Alexander;
For the relief of James Brewer;
For the relief of the representatives of William
Williams, seo.;
A bill granting two townships of land to the
Territory of Iowa, for the purposes of a univer-
sity,
A bill granting a section of land for schrols in
8t. Clair county, III;
A bill to allow further time to Centre College,
Ky. to sell certain lands; and
A bill to amend an act entitled an art to autho-
rize the State of Tennessee tojissue grants, and per-
fect titles, to certain lands therein described, and to
settle the claims to the vacant and unappropriated
lands within the same, passed the 18th of April,
1806;
reported them severally without amendment-
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred House bill
granting the right of pre-emption to certain lots in
the town of Periysburg, in the State of Ohio, re-
ported it without amendment.
" Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the following bills from the
House:
An act for the relief of Josias Thompson, super-
intendent of [the Cumberland Road between
Brownsville and Wheeling;
An act for the relief of Benjamin C. Roberts;
reported them severally without amendment, and
that they ought not to pass.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred House bill for the relief of Garret
Vliet, reported it without amendment, with a report
thereon, which wars ordered to be printed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to
which was referred the House bill for ths relief
of W. Bailey, survivor of Bailey and Delord,
made an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill for the relief of John T.
Addoms, reponed the same with an amendment, and
a report; which was ordered to be printel.
Mr. NICHOLAS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred ihe bill for the
settlement of the claims of New Hampshire
against the United States, reported the same with-
out amendment.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. ALLEN asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to expose to sale all
the public lands in the State of Ohio, hitherto re-
served from sale; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back to the Senate the memorial
from certain officers of the engineer corps, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill for the equa-
lization of the pay and allowances of the officers of
the line and staff of the army, and moved that it be
printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. P. also, from the Committee e  Military
Affairs, to which was recommitted the bill autho-
rizing the President to raise 1500 men to serve in
the Florida war, reported the same with.an amend-
ment, (to strike out"marine corps" wherever it
oxurred in the bill;) which was agreed to; and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
The bill to revive the act entitled "An act to ena-
ble claimants of land within the limits of Missouri
and the Territory of Arkansas to institute proceed-
ings to try the validity of their claims," approved
the twenty-sixth day of May, eighteen hundred and
twenty-four, and an act amending the same, and
extending the provision1  of said acts to claimants
to land within the State of Louisiana and Missis-
sippi, being taken i p as in Committee of the
oje, wis d scusscd at length by Messrs. GRUN-
DY, BENTON, HENDERSON, LINN, and
CLAY of Kentucky, when, on motion by Mr.
BENTON, it was postponed un.il Monday next.
On motion,
The Senate adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, April lOih, 1840..               ,
The SPEAKER announced that thl irst busi-
ness in order was the resolution reporte^ from the
Committee on Public Expenditures by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Briggs;] and it was
read as follows, viz:                                ,   ,-
Reulvtd, That the duties originally assigned to
the Coromiiiee of Public Expenditures, by the rules
of the House, having since been transferred to oth-
er committees, and the said Committee of Public
Expenditures having no duties to perform, that the
rule for its appointment be abolished.
Mr. CUSHING argued at some length in oppo-
sition to the resolution. He adverted to the politi-
cal character of the committees at previous ses-
sions of Congress; the peculiar construction of
which had rendered them powerless. The Speak-
er of the two last Congresses' had been elected on
party grounds; and the committees had been or-
ganized to the same end. But now the case was
different—the present Speaker, when he was in-
stalled into office, in his remarks made upon that
occasion, said that the committees to investigate
the various departments of the Government should
be appointed without regard to personal or party
considerations; and in the appointment of these
committees, Mr. C. was oiopinion that the Speak-
er had removed the objections of party organiza-
tion. He has entirely removed that difficulty, and
has appointed gentlemen conspicuous for their
talent, and who are industrious and well acquaint-
ed with the manner of pursuing investigations. A
majority on the committees are decided opponents
of the Administration; and there was the power to
investigate ad libitum. Now, when we have this
power, it is proposed to aoo!i~h the committee.
Because there had been neglect heretofore, or that
the commit ee had been rendered powerless by its
peculiar organization, was no argument that this
committee should now be abolished. As the. com-
mittee on the Departments are now organized, there
was the power to investigate; and the investigation
could be made effective. He contended that the
general powers of this committee had not been
transferred or annulled, and went into an argu-
ment to prove that fact. The committees,
as ha before said, consisted of gentlemen who
bad the habit and taste, and could make efficient
inve>tigation, and denied that they could be excused
before the country, unless their powers had been
abiidged by transfer to oiher committees. He de-
nied that there was any transfer of the general
powers of this com mi'tee by the appointment of
special committees. He argued to show that if the
principle should be once settled, on the ground
claimed, as good cause for the abrogation of this
committee, all the standing committees would be
for shifting the responsibility of investigation.
He denied not only the premises of the resolu-
tion, but the conclusion to be drawn from these
premises, even if true; and denied, therefore, the
entire proposition contained in it, and wai opposed
to its adoption. If the committee was to be abo-
lished at all, he thought it ought to be done under a
general revision of the rules of the House at the
commencement of the session, and not at a time
when there were objects requiring its investigation,
and when the country needed the light whirh it
woald be in the power of that committee to bestow.
Mr. BOND, as a member of the Committee on
Public Expenditures, wished that the proposition
contained in the resolution {might te decided upon
at once—inslanter; for he desired either to be re-
lieved from his obligations as a member of the com-
mittee, or else to go on with the matter  of which
it had cognizance.
Mr. BRIGGS replied at some length to Mr.
Cushing, and went into a statement of the history,
powers, and duties of the committee. The com-
mittee, he said, had come to the conclusion, after a
full examination of the rule under which it was ap-
pointed, taken in connection with the other rules of
the House, that they had no duties tu perfora
that their appointment was a mere matter of for-
mality; and, being so, they wished, as the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. BondJ had stated,to have the
matter decided at once. They had wished it to
have been decided long ago, and it was not their
fault that it had nut been. They had, as soon as
possible after their appointment, and as soin as
they could find a place in which to meet, instructed
him to report the resolution now before the House.
Mr. B. went into some amusing statements to show
the perfect oblivion to which every thing connected
with this committee, save its name alone, had bean
consigned.
Mr. WISE obtained the floor, to make some re-
marks on the above question; but the morning
hour having expired, he yielded to
Mr. JONES of Virginia, who called for ths spe-
cial ordeisof the day.
Mr. BELL, by general consent, submitted a
motion that the Committee ou Indian Affairs have
leave to send for persons and papers in the matters
referred to them as to the execution of the treaty
with the Winnebago Indians; which motion was
unanimously agreed to.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the stae of the Union, (Mr. Ca-
sey of Illinois in the chair,) on the bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year 1840.
Mr. DUNCAN, who was entitled to the floor
on the above bill, went into a review, at great
length, of the causes which had contributed to
swell the appropriations beyond the estimates of the
Departments. He contfitded that not much more
than one half of the appropriations passed by the
recommendation or approbation of the President;
and he asked those who had denounced him so
much, whether he was to be held responsible. Mr.
D. aso referred to the past history of the proceed-
ings of Congress in relation to the Cumberland
road. In relation to that road, he believed a ma-
jority of the Democratic party bad opposed it on
the general ground that they were opposed to inter-
nal improvements not expressly authorized by the
Constitution, or demanded for the purposes of car-
rying out the principles on which the Federal Go-
vernment was formed. The Federal party had
generally sustained appropriations to that road on
the ground that they have been, and now ate, in
favor of internal improvements of every character,
and however extravagant. More than the usual*
number of the Democratic party had this year
voted for the Cumberland road, whilst a less num-
ber of the Whigs have voted in favor of that road.
He asserted that the approp iations this session
for that road have been defeated by the Whigs,
and the journals would sustain him in that as-
sertion.
He then adverted to the abuse which waa daily
heaped on the Administration party. It had been
denounced as profligate; that cry bad been rung
upon every change, from the first day' that he had
entered the hall: and yet those declaiming could not
point out in what particular. If gentlemen be-
lieved that profligacy and extravagance had existed
to such an extent, it was their duty to point it out;
and he would go as far as any of them to correct
it. If thsy believed that there ware too many offi-
cers, and their salaries were too large, they were
required by their oaths to point them out, and
move to reduce them. Why not, in accordance
with their belief, bring forward their measure of
reform. He would, and he was confident the De-
mocratic party would, do what was right and pro-
per. We now hear much noise about the public
printing—it costs too much, &c. If it costs too
much now, it must have cost too much at the last
session, because the prices were the samej and the
cost of printing ordered at the last short session
was four tin.es as great as it will be at this sess oi,
of more than double the length. Why did not
these honorable Whigs retorna it, and reduce
the prices at the last session of tin-
gres . They had then a decided majo-
rity. They had the remedy in th^r own, hands
and could have applied it, but they w°°>qa°Í-
The Democratic pany would then have gone With
\
