320
them, heart and hand, in making this now wished
for reform. No, it would not suit iheit party pur-
poses then. They elected a man to do the printing;
and permitted him to tratisrer and barter it away to
another—both receiving large profits according to
their own showing. They permitted the public to
be fleeced and robbed of some $20,000. Why, he
again asked, did they not come forward with their
correctivel Why, their political friends had it
then. So soon as the Democratic party obtained
the power, they took this reform in hand. They
went about it, and appointed a committee; and if he
recollected right, this committee had reported a re-
ported a reduction of fifteen per cent.; which, if the
report is well grounded, proves that the Federal
{«inUwrs of the last session had rece, ved some fifteen
housartd dollars on every hundred too much; and
yet we heard  nothing said by these declaiming
Whigs then about the prices of printing being too
high, or that too much was ordered; nor do we
Hear any wish expressed that the excess paid them
should be refunded, as the same party now propose
to do towards   the   Democratic   printer.   This
was perfectly understood by the country.    Mr.
D. then commented on the cont'nued cry about
the office holders.   The whole ground of the op-
position by the Whig party to the Administration,
growing out of a desire to turn Ihem out, to put
in the many lean, lank, hungry exprctants for
four years, which would be as long as could pos-
sibly be expected,under any circumsiances,that such
a party could maintain power.   Mr. D. then re/er-
red to the Presi'ential questions, which periodi-
cally deranged the affairs of the country.   By re-
ference  to the public journals of the nation, it
Would be seen that this cry of ruin, ruin, and
panic, was enacted the year previous to such elec-
tion; and that it was the effect of a species of po-
litical   monomania.    The cry of ruin, extrava-
gance, was perfectly understood by the people.
Mr. D. then went into' a full examination of the
political and military character of General Harrison,
and commented with much force on the efforts
the Whig party were making to draw the attention
of the people frdm the odiousness of the princi-
ples of their candidate for the Pre?i'ency,by palm-
ing him off as the "log cabin and h?rd cider candi- i
date." He showed conclusively that he neither
drank "hard cider nor lived in a log cabin;" but I
that he lived on a princely estate, and enjoyed the !
emoluments of an office which netted him more
than five thousand dollars annually. He also
jiroved from the records of proceedings in the Ohio
Legislature, and speeches on that occasion, that
General Harrison, instead of being the poor man's
friend, was in favor of selling them into slavery—
even to become the slaves of free negrees, if
they should think proper to purchase them. Mr.
D's remarks will be published in full hereafter.       i
Mr. GIDDINGS obtained the floor; and, on his
motion, the committee rose and reported progress,
and asked'leave to sit again; which was granted.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
municaiion from the Secretary of War, enclosing
a communication from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, giving information in relation to the assem-
blage of Indians on the Northeastern frontier, and
the countenance the British had given them; made
in compliance with a resolution of the House of
the 9th ultimo. Oa motion of Mr. CUSHING,
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relation .      I
Also, laid before  the House a communication I
from the Navy Department in compliance with j
a resolution of the 23d ultimo, giving a statement
of all the sums of money which have been invested I
in State stocks.   On motion of Mr. ADAMS, laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.                  l
Also, laid before the House sundry depositions in
relation to the New Jersey contested elections;
which were referred to the Committee on Elections.
On motion of Mr. ANDREWS,
The House adjourned.                                      |
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, April 11, 1840.
The business before the House dining the morn-
ing hoar,  was the resolution submitted by Mr.
Brigos, chairman of the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures, providing that, as the duties originally
CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
assigned to that committee have been transferred to
other committees, leaving the said committee no
du'ies to perform, it therefore b? abolished.
Mr. WISE addressed the House with mu2h
earnestness in opposition to the resolution, in a
. speech in which he animadver ed with great seve-
rity on the neglect to inves igate the abuses which
i he said were great and numerous in the Depart-
! ments, and on the reasons which had been urged in
! support of the resolution. The morning hour ex-
I pired before Mr. W. had concluded his remarks;
i but, by consent of the House, he was permitted to
j  finish.
I      A number of Senate bills on the Speaker's table
| were taken up, read, and referred; after which, the
House again went into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Casby of Illinois
! in the chair, and resumed the consideration of
the
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
After some discussion on a question of order,
Mr. GIDDINGS of Ohio moved to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill, and thereupon proceeded i
to address the committee at considerable length in a •
I speech, in which he adverted to many items of ex- \
I  penditure in the Departments, on which he com- I
1  mented as extravagant, and in contrast with the I
economical profes^ons of the Administration; and,
in  the close,  took occasion  to reply to several
charges wh'ch had been advanced against the cha-
racter of General Harrison.
Mr. DROMGOOLE insisted on the rale pre-
scribing that a bill in committee shall be debated
in order of its sections, and contended that the mo-
tion to strike out the enacting clause was not in
order.
The CHAIR overruled the objection; where-
upon
Mr. DROMGOOLE took an appeal, but subse-
quently withdrew it.
The question was then put on Mr. Giddings's
motion, and it was negatived, without a count.
The first item of the bill having been read,
Mr. WISE went at large into a speech, in which
he compared the amount to be appropriated to the
civil list by this bill with the amount of similar ap-
propriáiions in former years, especially with those
of the administration of Mr. Adams, which had been
so much reprobated by its opponents.
Mr. JONES, chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Mean"?, addressed the committee in re-
ply, vindicating the bill, and challenging Mr. W.
to a detailed examination of its items.
I Mr. WISE rose in rejoinder, and having ac-
cepted the challenge, and produced a portfolio of
papers as preparatory to his speech,
Loud cries were made to rise, and Mr. W. yield-
ing, moved for the rising of the comrait're.
The committre then roce, and the House ad-
journed—Mr. Wise holding the floor for Monday.
IN SENATE,
Monday, April 13, 1840.
The CHAIR iubmitted a communication frem
the Tieasury Department, in reply to a resilution
of the Senate on the 9th inst. communicating pa-
pers in relation to the claim ol James Allen to a
pre-emption right.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of James Al-
len, praying a special law, granting him lhe right
cf pre-emption to a certain tract of land; which,
with the papers l'rem the Tieasury Department,
were referred to the Committee on the Public
Land*.
Mr. WHITE presented a petition of citizens of
Carroll county, Indiana, praying for the establish-
ment of a post road; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CUTHBERT presented the memorial of
Susan Murphy, widow and administrator of James
Cashen; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. YOUNG presented the petition of citizens of
Galena, and the petition of citizens of Green
county, Illinois, praying for the passage of a gene-
ral bankrupt law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEVIER presented a communication, made
by the Secretary of War to the House of Repre-  j
sentatives, on the subject of a plan of defence for
the Western frontier; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of Eli-
zabeth Johnson and Ann Hughes, children and
heirs at law of James Van Siten; which, with the
accompanying documents, were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented a memorial
numerously signed by citizens of Prince Georges
county, Md. praying for the imposition of a duty
on foreign silk; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the memorial of
citizens of Claiborne county, Mississippi, praying
for the passage of a general bankrupt law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. CRITTENDEN submitted the following
resolution, which was considered and agreed to:
Rtselved, by the Senate, That the Committee on
Military Affairs be instructel to inquire into the
propriety and justice of providing for the satisfac-
tion of a claim of the Stale of Kentucky for arms
furnished to the General Government for the pub-
lic service in the year 1814, and that said commit-
tee report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which was referred the petition of Tho-
mas Haskins and Ralph Haskins, made a report
thereon, which was ordered to be printed; accom-
panied by a bill, which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. W. by unanimous consent, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill relative to the iron
steamer, the New Jersey; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee oa Fi-
nance, to which was referred House bills
For the relief of S.tmuel D. Walkei;
For the relief of Zachariah Jellison;
For the rrlief of James W. Osborne; and
For the re'ief of Chastellain and Ponvert;
Reported them severally without amendment, and
with a recommendation against their passage.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the House bill for the re-
lief ol the owners of the schooner Three Sisters,
made an adverse report thereon.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Daniel Vanpelt,
made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill mak-
ing provision for the adjustment of the title to a
sije for a light-house on Roanoke marshes, in
North Carolina; which was read, and ordered a
second reading.
Mr. BUCHANAN, from the Committee oa Fo-
reign Relations, to which was referred certain reso-
lutions on the subjsct of the brig Enterprise, re-
ported the same with amendments, which were
read; and the the resolutions as amended,
On motion by Mr. CALHOUN, were ordered to
be printed, and made the o.der of the day for
Wednesday next.
Mr. LINN gave notice that to-morrow he would
ask leave to introduce
A bill for the marking and defining the southern
boundary of the Territory of Iowa; and
A bill to extend the laws of the united States
over the Territory of Oregon.
The joint" resolution directing the Committee on
the Library to take measures for the inportation
and erection of the statue of Washington byGreen-
hougb;
The bill for the relief of Clemenls, Bryan and
Company;                                                    v
The bill for the relief of George W. Paschall;
and
The bill for the relief of Margaret Barnes;
were severally considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to ba engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill for the relief of Peter Warner, of Indi-
ana, was taken up, and after being discussed by
Messrs. WHITE, KING, and SEVIER, was, on
motion of the latter, postponed until to-mono w.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The bill to revive the act entitled "An act to
