COUGrRESSIOlfAL GE0M.
***
oppose the printing of any number gentlemen
■wished; but it would be recollected that the Senate
had ordered the printing of ten thousand extra co-
pies of a correspondence on this subject, early in
March, which were not fumithed to the Senate for
several weeks afterwards and not till after the re-
cent correspondence on the same subject, was com-
municated to the Senate. Should there be as much
delay on this occasion, the extra copies would be
of but liitle use 11 the Senate or to the public.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that the remarks
of the Senator from Maine [Mr. Ruggies] seemed
to render it necessary that he should say a very
few words on the subject before the Senste. Those
who had attended tu the reading of the report,
would perceive that, throughout, it was intended
for the sole purpose of presenting to the Senate the
reasons why the committee did sot think it neces-
sary, at this time, to make a detailed report on the
whole correspondence.   That was the single object
of the repoit.     If it should become necessary to
make a report in regard to the temporary occupa-
tion of the disputed territory, the committee would
not shrink from their duty.     They were prepared
to perform it to the Senate and to the country.
Bnt at this moment, when we have the solemn as-
surance of the British Minister that in a very short
time we should have an answer from his Govern-
ment to the counter projet presented by our Go-
vernment; and when he not only expresses the hope,
but "entertains the firm belief," that the "difficulty
of conducting the negotiation to an amicable issue
wilt not be found so great as has been by many
persons apprehended," it is wondeful that the Sena-
tor from Maine should denounce this report, made
under snch circumstances, in such strong language.
The report, Mr.   B.   continued,   reasserted   the
rights of Maine in the most solemn manner; and
it was extraordinary that any citizen of Maine
should expect a detailed report, or one different
from that which had been made, unless, indeed, he
could believe that the committee ought to have as-
sumed a hostile position, and gone into all the cor-
respondence that had taken place, and into the
subject of the preparations that had been made by
the British Government,   in the very faee of the
assurance that we should have an answer to our
proposition in the course of this month or the next;
which, judging from the language of the Brit:sh
Minister, we Jiad reason to believe would prove
satisfactory.   The committee thought it was their
doty to place before the Senate the precise" state of
the negotiation   between the two countries; and
what that was might be summed up in twenty
woids.   A proposition for an exploration and sur-
vey of the disputed territory had been made by
the British Government; and this Government r.ot
deeming   it   satisfactory,   because   it   did   not
embrace a provision for the final settlem°nt of
-the question, had sent   to  the   British  Govern-
ment   a  counter   projet,   to   which   no   answer
has    yet  been   received.     This   counter   prc-
jet was communicated to the British Government
daring the last summer, and the British Minister
here, several months afterwards, with a perfect
knowledge of its character, assures us that a spee-
dy answer will be given to it, and expresses his
confident belief that if this controversy is left to the II
two national Governments, it does not present the |
difficulties which had been by many persons ap-
prehended.   He also declares that the commis-
sioners who had been sent out from England to
make a survey of the disputed territory, were pre-
paring their report—that this report woald be ready
within the month of March—and that then his Go-
vernmect would transmit an answer to the proposi-
tion we had submitted to then.   Now in this state
of the case, unless you suppose the British Go-
vernment to be entirely faithless, which he had no
reason to believe, we may reasonably expect, in
this or the coming month, to  receive   an  an-
swer   that    may    enable    us    to   settle    this
question in conformity with the stipulations of the
treaty of 1783, and in accordance with the just
rights of Maine.    Under such circumstances, how
could it be expected that the committee would make
a balligerant report? Mr. B. differed with the Sena-
tor from Maine in the opinion that the people of
hie State either would or could  construe tnis re-
port, as to imagine that the commiitee or the Se-
na'e were prepared to surrender any portion of
their rights. The past conduct of this body shou'd
shield them from such a suspicion, and their fu-
ture conduct, should it become necessary, would
show that they were as ready now as they have
been in former times, to sustain the honor of the
nation as well as the rights of a sovereign member
of the Confederacy. From the correspondence
which had taken place between the two Govern-
ments, the committee hoped that this might never
become necessary. Sufficient for the day was the
evil thereof; and the committee thought the subject
was already sufficiently embarrassing in itself, with
out unnecessarily adding to it other causes of irri-
tation.
Mr. ALLEN wished to ask of the Senator from
Maine one or two questions.   He wished to know
if the gentleman expected the committee to report
to the Senate an opinion in favor of war, or what
kind of report he expected from the Committee in
the present state of the negotiations between the
two countries.   When the gentleman sheuld state
what kind of a report he expected the committee
te make, he would then thank him to state what
kind of a report he himself wonld make, and then
the people might judge of the correctness of his
views on this subject.    Whilst np, Mr. Á. said he
wonld make one or two additional remarks.   The
only question which the Committee on Foreign
Relations had to decide, (and he believed that since
he had been here he had given as much evidence
of a devo'ion to the interest of the State of Maine,
as any other Senator,) the only question before the
committee was not whether they would recommend
measures leading to war, 1>ut, whether they would
recommend any thing at all—whether they should
not remain silent till the expee'ed answer to onr
proposition to the British Government should be
received.   That was the only question before the
committee.     Under these circumstances the com-
mittee concluded, after full reflection, that it would
be better, in order to avoid any misunderstanding
in the country—in order to avoid the pecp'e put-
tin* any false construction on the late correspond-
ence, to make a report ti explain not what was the
cour.-e it was our duty to pursue  at the pre-
sent moment, but the reasons why  we  should
suspend any acti n  till the British Government
"hould return an answer to the counter projet we
had made to them.   The committee made this re-
port m pursuance of that opinon, to explain why
they did not, at this time, go into a thorough inves-
tigation of the subject, and propose some definite
action in regard to it; and the reasons which go-
verned them were, that the British Minister here
had declared that he would very soon be able to
present to this Government an answer to the propo-
sition which had been submitted to his.   Mr. A.
deemed it pioper to make these few remarks, be-
cause the State from which he came, ever patriolic,
had passed resolutions in relation  to this subject,
and he knew that the people of that State would
stand ready, to the last man, and to the last dollar
of their resources, to see that the rights of the
whole countiy were maintained at all hazards. He
would now ask the Senator from Maine to state
what kind of a report this committee ought, in his
opinion, to have made—what kind of proposition
ought to have been submitted to the nation in the
present state of the negotiations between the two
countries.
Mr. RUGGLES said he had been referred to as
denouncing the report of the committee. He had
not intended to be so understood. He had spoken
of the impression hebe'i ved it would make on dif-
ferent classes in the community. He had expressed
the opinion th it those who were looking for prompt
and tnergetic measures—who were, in fact, look-
ing with impatience for an immediate mpture be-
tween the two countries, would have these hopes
repressed; and that others, who felt alarmed at
the tone of the correspondence lately communica-
ted to the Senate, would be relieved from their ap-
prehensions; at.d he repeated that the Senator from
New York, who had just taken his seat, appeared
te entertain the same opinion of the effect the report
was calculated to have on the people of the fron-
tier of that State, who were excited with the pros-
pect of an immediate declaration of war.
In answer to the question put to him by the Sen-
ator from Oh;o, [Mr. Allen] whether he would
have the committee make a report in favor of an
immediate declaration of war, he would say that he
had no such wish, nor had he intimated any such
desire. In answer to the Senator's further inquiry
what sort of a report he would have the com-
mittee make, he wou'd not undertake to dic-
tate to the intelligent and patriotic Committee on
Foreign Relations, what sort of a report'hey should
make on this or any other subject. He would not
undertake to say that they ought to make any other
report than they had made, if they were to make
any report at all at this time. He believed that
nothing new had transpired to render any report
necessary at this particular time. The report com-
municated no new facts. The Senate well knew,
and the country well knew, that the President had
caused to be made to the British Government a
counter proposition, and that we were expect-
ing a response to that proposition in all this
month, or early in ihe next. This information
had been communicated by the President, and was
contained in the last correspondence, which was
before the country. He understood that the fur-
ther consideration of the Maine question was
postponed till that response should be received. A
report from the committee on Foreign Relations
had not been looked for till it should appear
whether we have, at the time indicated, the
promised reply of the British Government. He
had acquiesced in that, and had expressed
no wish for a report at this time, ia favor of
ultra measures. So far from that, he said he
did not believe, nor had he at any time believed,
that war with Great Britain would necessarily
grow out of this controversy. He founded his
opinion parily on the fact, that on her part she had
no cause for war. Her claim to the disputed ter-
ritory was wholly without foundation, ^"nd would
not afford her the slightest justification for pursu-
ing if to ihat extremity. She would not dare go to
War wiili this Country, without some better cause
for if. She had too much respect for the opinion
of mankind to enter into such a contest with us
without some better pretence than the groundle s
claim she has set up.                 .-
But, sir, «aid Mr. R. can Great Britain be great-
ly blamed for pushing her claims, as baseless as
ttey are, whist ihe has heretofore seen so little to
create a belief that this Government would resist
them to the last extremity? He remembered to
have urged at the last, and at previous sessions,
the fortification of seme exposed points on the ma-
ritime frontier of Matie. He proposed it as an
amendment to an appropriation bill then before the
Senate, and had the silent vote, in support of it, of
the chairman on Military Affairs; but it was voted
down by a large majority. He had not forgotten
it; and could not forget the exposed condition
of the whole country. His opinion that war
Would not ensue, was necesarily subject to
the condition, that preparation should be imme-
diately made to meet any possible contingency.
We could never expect a submission to our
rights till we give substantial indications of a de-
termination to vindicate them. We must prepare
for war to avoid war. Sir, said Mr. R. without find-
ing any fault with the report, he would say that he
had much rather have seen a report from ihe Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and another from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, affording on the part
of this Government an earnest of its determination
to vindicate the rights of Maine and the honor of the
nation.
Mr. CLAY of Kcntncky begged leave to saya
few words on the subject, not so much in refe-
rence to the particular question of printing the re-
port, as on the general and more important one
involving the relations between this'country and
Great Britain. He was happy te hear the Senst r
from Maine [Mr. Ruggles] say he was not for
war, though he did remark when he first rose that
this report would be unsatisfactory to a portionof
the people of his Slate who were for war. *le
would say that if there was any party m.this conn-
try for war with Great Britain, it was a criminal
