334
party.   There was no sufficient cause for war; and
he totk occasion to say, that so far as he was in-
formed, the opinions both of the Administraron
party, and of the party with which he acted, were
that war was to be be avoided so long as it could
be done without cempromiuing the   lights   and
honor of the nation.   The Senate had  solemnly
expressed the opinion that the question of right was
win us, and all parties, every individual of those
parties, so far as their views had been expressed,
seemed determined to obtain for Maine, by tome of
those modes by which national rights are assorted,
a full and absolute possession of all the territory
within her rightful limits.   But he must say that
there were two modes of arriving at this result.
One was by negotiation, and the other was by war;
and these questions were to be decided by the
uni'ed voice of the whole country, and by ihe Ex-
ecutive branch of the Government, as the case may
be, and not to be decided by  the voce of one sin-
gle member of the Confederacy.   If the honor of
the country is assailed, the councils of the whole
country must determine as to the manner and time
of vindicating it.   He would take occasion to say
for the benefit of the Senator from Maine, and the
whole people of Maine,  that whilst he  believed
them to be as valorous and as enlightened as any
people in the Union, he was not inclined to confide
iu their judgment as to declaring war, and the pe-
riod at which this last resort may become necessa-
ry.    If Maine expects the Government   of  this
country to secure her righ's, she must confide to
the Government of ihis coun ry the whole agency
in settling the controversy.   If it is lo be done by
negotiation, it must be left to the Executive and his
constitutional adviser?.    If it is to be by war, it
should be left to that department of the Govern-
ment to which the power of declaring war is con-
fided by the Constitution.   In saying all thi-j, he
metnt nothing in condemnation of the state of feel-
ing that had been evinced by the people of Maine.
Justice was with her, and he sympathized with her
na'nral feelings on this subject.    Her claims had
unfortur ately too long been delayed; but, notwith-
standing that, be said that this Government alone
should conduct the negotiation, and if war became
necessary, decide upen the time and manner of com-
mencing it.   He could not, however, bel:eve that
this last resort wou'd  bs necessary.   There were
two securities which we had for ths continuance of
peace.   The  first  $*curity was that Great   Bri-
tain, enlightened as her councils were, must per-
ceive, what we know, that the r'ght was with us;
that she had no claim; and after being saisfied with
these facts, npon an examination of ihe necessary
information, witl utfmate'y concede the right to us.
But let me suppose, continued Mr. C. that she does
not    Let me suppose that, after investigation, she
comes to the clear cmviction to which we have ar-
rived, that the right is with her; that the tenitory
in dispute, according to the treaty of 1783, is with-
in her limits.   What, then, will  be the case pre-
sented before the world?   Two enlightened nations
coming to different conclusions on the same testi-
mony, and unable to agree.   What, then,-are to be
the consequence!-?   Is war, that calamity which
every   lover    of   humanity    must    deprecate,
the    only    alternative?     No,   sir.     Tnere   is
another:   there is   a subsiding treaty stipulation
contained   in   the treaty of    Ghent,   by   which
this question is to be left lo the decision of an im-
partial tribuna', in the event that the two countries
cannot settle it themselves.   I say there is a trea'y
stipulation still subsisting; and how do I make it
out?   It may be alleged that the ma tT having
been once committed to the umpirage of a th.id
party, and that party having given an award, ihe
stipulation in the treaty was fulfil ed, and it was no
longer in force.   Not so.   There wis an attempt at
arbitration, through the instrumentality of the King
of Holland; but it was an abortion—a failure—the
King d d not settle the question; both parlies ac-
knowledged that he did not, and the treaty remains
in fall force, binding the parties to refer this ques-
tion, if unable to settle it amicably themselves, to
an impartial tribunal.   But, putting the treaty out
of the question, suppose there was no such stipu-
lation, and that the two parties having brought their
(Utpjs to ihe conclusion that the right was with
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
each, were determined to persist on it. Sooner
than resort to war, with all its calamities, both par-
ties should agree to arbitration; and I say that Eng-
land, if she will not concede the right to us,
must yield the point at issue to arbitration. Though
this course may be attended with delay— hough
Maine may not arrive at the possession of her ter-
ritory as soon as she wishes, yet she had infinitely
better wait the movements of two great nations,
than that they should be involved in war. When
we come to-deciding on the question of war, aU
other means of sealing the controversy having
failed, that question is to be decided by the united
wisdom of all, in reference to the condition of the
whole country, in reference to the other interés s of
Maine besides the interest in question, and in refe-
rence to the probable issue of the controversy.
In relation to the military preparations of the
Briti-h in the Cañadas, of which the Senator
spoke, Mr. C. said, they gave him no cause ftr
alarm. England was the weaker power—she was
preparing against invasion from us; but did we ap-
prehend invasion from the Cañadas? He did not
agree with the Senator that our state of preparation
was so defective; for, with the exception of one or
two points on the Atlantic,, where some additional
defence was wanted, no preparation was necessary.
When gentlemen talked of our want of prepara-
tion, he did not agree with them. What! with fif-
teen or sixteen millions of free people, wiih their
unquestioned valor, their love of country, combined
with their means of transportation, and their war-
like resources, to say that the country is unpre-
pared ! We ara, said Mr. C. ten thousand times
better prepared for war to-morrow with Great Bri-
tain—though not so much so, in all respects, as he
could wish—we are infinitely better prepared than
we were at a former period—on the ocean, as on
the land, on the lakes as well as the bay s; and then
we came ont of the contest with honor. The con-
struction of the great New York canal, tur rail-
roads, our population pressing up against the
boundary line—all these are advantages which we
did not possess in the last war. No preparation!
Sir, we have the best preparations that ever a
country boasted of: we have sixteen millions of
freemen, with stoat arms aud bold hearts, who
stand ready to vindicate the rights of their coun-
try. As to the preparations of England in the
Cañadas, let her go on with them—let her bring
her troops over, whether to quell insurrections
among her own people or to guard against inva-
sion from our side of the line—that would never, for
a moment, give him the slightest uneasiness.
Whenever the honor of the country, by an injury
inflicted on a singla member of it, may require us
to resort to a war, though the beginning of it- may
be attended with a few disasters, he had no appre-
hension but, after a few months, we may be able
10 impress on England the temerity t f forcing us
into this alternative.
He entirely concurred with the report. He be-
lieved that it was the sincere desire of the Adminis-
tration party to preserve the peace of the country,
and it had been a matter of serious inquiry with
him to ascertain their views. If there wasa crimi-
nal party in this country, who, for therr own
sinister views, desned a war, he did not beleve
that the Administration patty gave them the slight-
est countenance. This he must say as an act of
justice. The committee were unanimous in adopt-
ing this report. What did it tell you? Why, that
the negotiations were going on, and were in the
hind ■. of tho e constitutionally entrusted with it;
and that wihin a reasonable period, we might ex-
pect an answer to our last proposition, till when
it did not become us to take any further action on
the subject. Mr. C. after alluding to the various
causes which might reasonably be supposed to de-
lay the action of the British Mini«try, concluded
by saying that his only object in ri-.ing, was to de-
fend the report, and not to si y any thing on the
question of print  g. He did not think the print-
ing of the extra copies necessary, as the report
would be circulated through the newspapers.
Mr. RTJGGLES rcse but to say a word in ex-
planation. The honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] had expressed satisfaction that
he (Mr. R.) had said he was not for war.   He
■■    _                                                                              ....."■"•'"   "*■■ ■*•—* 
cmld not let the remark pass without a little quali-
fication. He was for peace, if peace could be pre-
served consistently with the rights aud honor of the
country. If not, then he was ready for the alter-
native. He said he would add a word in respect
to submitting the matter in controversy to arbitra-
tion. He did not mean to discuss, at this time, the
right of this Government to refer the question to
an arbiter without the assent of Maine, and against
her prot station; but he would remind the Senator
that Maine had, over and over again, by brr Le-
gislature, declared her opinion that the Federal
Government had not the constitutional power, and
ought not to jeopard her rights by a submission of
them to abitrators without her 8S-entv That opi-
nion had been so strongly enter aiaed by Maine,
that he felt, in some sort, instructed upon that
point, and could not yield it. But he saw no oc-
casion for discussing that question now. He re-
ferred to writers on the laws of nations who main-
tained fully that no nation could be called upon t 
submit to the umpirage of others, a clear and indu-
bitable right, which she was justified in claiming
as such.   But he would not pursue the subject.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky, in reply, said, that he
aid not express the opinion that this Government
had claimed the right to refer this question to arbi-
tration; but he expressed, as his unqualified opi-
I nion,   that  this Goverrment   had the  undoubted
right to refer the question to arbitration, without
consulting Maine.
j      The question was then taken, and the motion to
j piiot ten thousand extra copies of the report was
agreed to.
¡ Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on ihe
1 Distr.ct of Columbia, repor ed a joint resolution
authoriz ng the Secretary of the Treasury to pur-
chase for the United States the banking-house of
the old Bank of Alexandria, and to credit the debit
due by said bank for the amount of the purchase
money: read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the bill for in-
corporating the Bank of the District of Columbia,
and
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, the various bills
respecting banking corporations in the District,
, were made the special order of the day for next
Monday two weeks.                                   *
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from the Committee
on the Public Lands, to whom was referred the
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Mis-
sissippi in relation to the re ioquishment and ex-
change of the sixteenth sections, reserved for the
use of schools, moved that the commntee ba dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof, and
that the same be laid on the table, for the reason
that a bill had already been repor ed on the subject.
This motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. CLAY of Alabama, the same
committee was also discharged from th* further
consideration of three several memorials from the
State of Alabama; one from the General Assembly
of that State, asking for the extension of the tight
of pre-emption; and two from citizens of the State,
asking f<.r the establishment of an additional land
i office in ihe Cherokee country, for the sale of the
| lands lately acquired fiom those Indians. Mr. C.
said that bills having been reported on these sub-
jects, he would move to lay the memorials on the
table, after discharging the committee from them.
This motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. CLAY of Alabama, the same
committee was also discharged from  the further
consideration of the memorial of the Like Supe-
rior Pishing and Mining Company of the State of
Michigan, praying to be allowed the right of work-
1   ing the mineral lands belonging to the United Slates
along the southern shore of Lake! Supsrior in the
said Siate; which was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the the Committee on
,   Claims, reported a bill for the relief of J. H. Relfe,
,   which was read, and ordered to a second reading,
i   and the report was ordered to be printed.
1!     Mr. H.  from the same committee, made ad-
| verse reports on the bills from the House for the
, relief of John Howe   and  Chauncey Calhoun,
I j and also made an adverse report on  the petition
i of Abner L. Duncan.
¡j     Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Pub-
