CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
shbs
ksL«n1s, reported ft bill for the relief of Henry
Willi*; which was read, and ordered to a second
Maing.                               .     ..., ,    t
Mr. F. on leave, introduced a bill for the relief
of Richard K. Call; when was read twice, and re-
ferred.                                       ,    _
The joint resolution directing the Committee on
the Library to t ke measures for the importation
and erection of the s'atue of Washington by Green-
hough;
The bill for the relief of Clements, Bryan and
Company;
The bill for the relief of George W. Paschall;
The bill for the relief of Margaret Barnes; and
The bill to revire the act entitled "An act to
enable claimants of land within the limits of Mis-
souri and the Territory of Arkansas to institute pro-
ceed ngs to try the validity of their claims," ap-
proved the twenty-sixth Jay of May, eighteen
hundred and twenty-four, and an act amending the
same, and extending the provisions of said acts to
claimants to land within the State of Louisiana
and Mississippi;
. were severally read a third time and passed.
The bill  cran'ing to the State of Michigan a
quantity of land to aid said State in the construc-
tion of a canal around the falls of St. Me trie, was ta-
ken op on its 'hird readin , and was opposed by
,   Messrs. CLAY and CRITTENDEN, and advo-
;   cated by Messrs. NORVELL and PORTER, and
after some farther remarks  by Messrs.- ALLEN
and TAPPAN,  amendments   were  offered   by
Messrs. WHITE and  HENDERSON, and the
further consideration of the bill-was  postponed
'    until to-morrow.
\      The bill for the relief ef James Du'ton;
The bill for the relief of Peter Warner of In-
" diana; and
A bill for the relief of Samnel White;
were   cons'dered as in  Committee of the Whole,
and ordered to be engrossed far a third reading.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the bill relative to the iron
steamer, the New Jersey, reported the same with
an amendment; which was agreed to.
The bill wa* then, on motion by Mr. X. taken
up as in Committee of the Whole, considered, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Oo motion by Mr. HUBBARD, it was
Ordered, That Friday and Saturday next be de-
voted to the consideration of private bills, and the
reports of committees on private bills.   -
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, April 14,1840.
Mr. PETRIKIN, by general consent, introduced
a proposition to print the communication of the
President, now lying on the table, in answer to k
certain resolution reponed by the order of the
Committee on the Public Buildings and Public
Grounds.
Mr. J. W. JONE") asked the general consent of
the House to take up the motion which he submit-
ted a few days ago, to prim 2,500 copies of the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, showing the
condition oí the banks th ougbout the Uaited
States.
Mr. ANDREWS said he objected.
Mr. JONES bad supposed that every member of
the body wanted to ;ee the condition of the banks.
Mr. ANDREWS inquired the size of the docu-
ment.
Mr. JONES r plied that it was quite volumi-
nous; which was the reason that be had moved the
printing of the 2,500 copies only.
Mr. ANDREWS withdrew his objection; and
the resolution was agreed to.
The CHAIR then announced that the business
first in otder was the report of the Select Commit-
tee on Printing, which had been made the special
order of the day for this day.
Mr. JONES of Virginia said he wished to offer a
resolution for the postponement of the special or-
der; which was read fur the information of the
House, as follows:
RtMlvtd, That the execution of the special order
on the report of the Committee on Printing, be
postponed until the House shall have finally dis-
posed of the bill No. 8, making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses oí Government,
and that the said special orJer be then taken up
and considered as though no postponement thereof
had been made.                <
Mr. R. GARLAND, before tne adont-'on ot  ne
resolution, w:shed to present the report of the mi-
nority of that committee on the other branch of the
subject referred to that committee,
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired of the Chiir,
(there being two special orders,) which took prece-
dence, and whether the civil and diplomatic bill did
not, as a matter of eouise, override and postpone
the special order relating to the printing.
The CHAIR replied that Speaker Stevenson
had decided that the special order first made took
priority. The subject of printing was the first
special order, and would therefore take precedence.
Mr. R. GARLAND again presented his report
from the minority.
Mr. CONNER objected to the reception of the
report from the minority, until the chairman of the
committee should be piesent, and make the report
of the committee. It would be very irregular to
receive the views of the minority, until it was
done. He had no objection, further than that it
would be unprecedented, until the majority's report
was received. The chairman gave notice, on yes-
terday, that he would be prepared to report to-day,
and he hoped the subject would be delayed till he
was present.
Mr. DROMGOOLE protested against all tire
proceeding, as out of order, white the resol u'ion of
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Jones] was
pending.
Mr. BLACK, at this stage of the proceeding,
made his appearance, and said, when the subject
came up, he was prepared to report.
The CHAIR inquired of the gentleman whether
he wished to make the report.
Mr. BLACK said he was under tbelmpression
that the appropriation bill took precedence.
The CHAIR informed him otherwise.
Mr. LEET said if both branches of the commit-
tee were prepared to report, he wou'd suggct that
both reports be received, and ordered to be printed;
and that the question be then taken on the resolu-
tion to postpone.   Accordingly,
Mr. BLACK, chairman of th* committee, re-
ported the views of the majority; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana, from the same
committee, reported the views of the minority, ac-
companied by a bill.
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected to the minority re-
porting any bill; they bad no right by the rules to
do so—it was'anprecedented.
Mr. R. GARLAND intimated that be would
withdraw the mil, and present a series of resolu-
tions, to effect the same object, to accompany the
report.
Mr. BLACK said the eommit'ee had authorized
no bill to be reported; and he objected to it as unu-
sual and irregular.
The report was received and ordered to be
printed; but the bill accompanying it was under-
stood not to be received; but by courtesy ordered
to be printed.
The resolution offered by the chairman of Ways
and Means (Mr. Jonfs, of Va.) to postpone the
subject, bavins; been read,
Mr. RUSSELL hoped that the subject could be
so modified as not to have the special order ope-
rate to postpone the private business on Friday and
Saturday.
Mr. J. W. JONES said he would be willing to
agree to a simple postponement of the special or-
der, which would require but a majority; but he
had no desire to put the subject on a different foot-
ing than that which it had already occupied before
the House.
Mr. R. GARLAND said he would object to the
resolution, if it changed the question from a special
order.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was agreed to without a count.
Mr. J. JOHNSON of Virginia asked leave to
submit a report from the Committee of Accounts,
in relation to the accounts of Langtree and O'Sulli-
van. He said that all i a members, with the ex-
ception of one, had concurred in the report; and
••at a minority report would be presented to the
Home.
Mr. WISE objected.
Mr. JOHNSON moved a suspension of the
rules, and the question was taken by count; and
there being «yes 79, noes 40, and no quorum
voting,
Mr. BELL said he presumed the object of the
chairman was to get the report printed, and that it
would not eive rise to debaie.
Mr. JOHNSON replied that the report was a vo-
luminous one, and that debate would not take places
until its contents were known to the House. The
object Was merely to let both reports be received,
and have them printed. He presumed there conld
b* no deba'e on a motion to print.
Mr. WISE gave notice that he would debate it
the moment it touched the Clerk's table.
Mr. PETRI KIN als j gave notice that he would
debate it.
Mr. JOHNSON again moved a suspension of
the rules, and called for the yeas and nays on that
motion; which were ordered, and were—ayes 138,
nays 28.
So the  rules were suspended, and
Mr. JOHNSON sent the report to the Chair;
and asked that it be printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON of New York said the House
would see, by the minority report, that the Com-
mittee of Accounts was required, by the resolution
of — March, to inquire into the qualification of, and
the prices paid fi r, the stationery furnished to the
H ouse by Langtree and O'Sullivan, and contrast
them wiih those of the stationery furnished to the
Senate, and to send for persons and papers. Mr.
J. said, by referring to the minority report, it would
be seen that the committee had refused to do so.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved that the report be re-
comrrit'ed to the Committee of AceounU, with ad-
ditional instruc'ions to enquire and report to this
House,
1.  Whether the prices paid by the Cuebk of this
House for stationery, is a reasonable pride, when
compared with what stationery can be purchased
for from oiher persons, of like quality.
2.  Whether the stationery is not of an inferior
kind, when compared with the stationery purchased
for this Hou*e at the last two sessions of Congress.
3.  Whether any allowance was asked by the
Clerk, either in writing or verbally, for the dif-
ference in exchange between Philadelphia and
New York; and, if any, how muchi
4.  Whether any payment has been made by the
Clerk to the contractor, in advance, on his eon-
tract, or the auditing of his account by the com-
nrittcel
Mr. EVERETT called for the reading of the
reports.
Mr. WISE wanted to know how much of the
report was the worlr of the committee, and how
much was the work of the officer who:e accounts
were to be investigated, and hoped it would' be
read.
The reports having been partially read through,
and the morning hour, to which the suspension of
the rules applied, having expired,
Mr. J. W. JONES called for the orders of the
day; before passing to which, however,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol
lowing communications, which were appropriate-
ly disposed of:
1.  From the Treasury Department, containing a
statement of the expenditures and estimates of the
Treasury building-, and the Patent Office.
2.  From the War Department, in relation to the
claims of Tennessee volunteers.
3.  From the Treasury Department, containing
the amount of receipts under the treaty of indem-
nity with France, and the dividend or per centage
payable on each cace.                                        <■
4.  Depositions in relation to the New Jersey elec-
tion.
The Houss then resolved itself into «Com-
mittee of the whole, (Mr Caset in the chair,) and
took tip the civil  and diplomatic appropriate
Mr. STANLY being entitled   the floor, rpoke,
