336     J   _____________-
* * "t " -                                                    -       -    ■'- ■ ■'' \
die purport of which may be judged of by the re-
ply of
Mr. STEENROD, who said he wished to make
a single remark by way of reply to the gentleman
from North Carolina, in relation to his charges
agaiast Judge Tappan. He was not present at the
time and place when the conversation was said to
have taken place between the Judge and Collier,
therefore he culd net speak of that. But he wish-
ed to say that he had some knowledge of Judge
Tappan, having been intimately acquainted with
him for several years, asd associated wi>h him in the
practice of law for a long period. He had again
•and again conversed with him on the subject, and
he would inform the gentleman from North Caro-
lina that he had heard Judge Tappan as repeatedly
denounce and ridicule the Abolitionists. He (Mr.
8.) would not have intruded upon the time
of the committee, if he had not believed that
the gentleman from North Carolina was doing in-
justice to the respected Senator from Ohio. He
thought that, knowing what he did of the sentiments
of the Senator, it would be unbind for him to re-
main silent and hear him denounced. If the gentle-
man from North Carolina wished to obtain an
accurate knowledge ol the opinions of Judge Tap-
pan on the question of Abolition, let him read the
letter written by him in answer to certain interro-
gatories put to him by a committee previous to his
election, and when he was a candidate for Senator.
The gentleman would find that, on that occasion,
Judge Tappan had taken Similar ground.
Mr. WISE asked where the letter was, and
whether, in the letter, Judge Tappan had taken the
position that slavery was unconstitutional.
Mr. STEENROD was understood to reply that
Judge Tappan had taken the ground (hat slavery
in the abstract was an evil; but that the Federal
Government had no right to interfere with it. Mr.
S. then adverted to the recent conduct of Mr. Tap-
pan in refusing to present Abolition petitions in the
Senate, and asked where there was another man,
coming from a non-slaveholding State, who had
done the same. Yes, he would atk, where was the
man from beyond Mason and Dixon's line, who
had taken such high ground on the Abolition ques-
tion as that Senator? And yet, notwithstanding all
this, the gentleman from North Carolina has
chosen to attack him.
Mr. S. subsequently said, that until this session
be ha 1 never heard of the conversation which, was
said to have taken place between Judge Tappan
and Collier; bat he would repeat, that he had again
and again conversed with Judge Tappan on the
■abject of Abolition, when the latter bad invariably
denounced and ridiculed the conduct of the fana-
tics.
■Mr. WI3E said that he had published an ad-
dress to his constituents, in which he bad taken the
ground that the testimony of Collier and others of
Ohio was true; but if his colleague controverted
that testimony, he was willing to retract that which
bad been founded upon it. But he would say that
the truth of the testimony in question was vouched
to him by respectable gentlemen. They had stated
as a fact that Judge Tappan did deride and ridi-
cule fanaticism, and Collier says so- too; but in
what manner? Collier says that Judge Tappan de-
rided the Abolitionists because they employed
peaceable means, and that be had said if the ne-
groes wanted arms and knives to cut the throats of
their master , he would furnish them. Also, that
when asked if he were standing on the banks of the
-Ohio, and witnessed a servile insurrection, whether
be would help to suppress it, he said "No, by
G—d;" and that if be bad a son that would do it, he
wontd disinherit him.
Mr. STEENROD was understood to say that he
would reply when he replied to the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] but after Mr. Stan-
lt had finished, be was prevented from doing
so kf
Mr. DAWSON, who obtained the floor, and said
he did not rise to discuss the bill now under consi-
deration; if he wer* to attempt to do so, according
to the manner of debate, it would be out or order.
Bat be rose for the purpose of making an effort to
draw the committee to the consideration of the bu-
siness of {he country now legitimately before the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eulaters; also, of telling him that Mr. Van Bu-
rén, the leader of his party, had given his cognovit
that there was general distress through the land.
But the least reflection would show we had a
great amount of important business to transact be-
fore oar adjournment. For himself, he desired to
go home in June, and did not wish to remain
through the hot weather until the fall, and then per-
haps without doing the business before them. He
was therefore strongly desirous that gentlemen
should confine themselves to the real and direct
questions before them, and restrain this unparal-
leled latitude of debate. Let gentlemen take one
thing at a time, and pass upon it; then they would
act with some intelligence.
He was aware it was very difficult to lay down
any general rule by which their deliberations might
be controlled; but each member, and each indivi-
dual/must be the judge of what course it would be
best to pursue. There was a feeling in the House
like this: a member would get up, and, in the
course of debate, would say something, or make
soms charge against a political opponent. He
would be called to order; but his friends would
say to the other parly, "What; are yon afraid to
have the qualifications of your candidate consi-
dered?" Cries would then arise of, "go on,"
"go on;" and thus imperceptibly, they were
drawn into a debate having no connection
whatever with the legitimate business before ihem.
The debate was one of that nature, and urged by
this feeling. Members had gone on continually in
making political charges, and replying to them
from day to day, until they had nearly lost sight of
the bill. He thought there was much good sen<¡e
in the remark of the gentleman from Georgia, in
reference to the improper introduction of the Presi-
dential question, in this debate. It appeared to
him that members did not properly apprecia'e the
intelligence of the people of this country. All
these Abolition papers, from which extracts had
been made, were published all through the country,
and had been read by their constituents, and those
constituents were fully able to form theit own judg-
ment on the* questions involved. If the people
should choose to elect Harrison, they would do so
notwithstanding all the speeches made in Congress.
Mr. M. concluded by entreating members of both
parties to leave the Presidential question to be set-
tled by the people, while they transacted the great
mass of legislative business piessing with so much
^urgency upon them.
Mr. OGLE obtained the floor, and wished to call
the attention of the committee to the amendments
"which he should offer to the bill under considera-
tion, in respect to the salaries of the Ministers to
Russia, Austria, Prussia, Spain, and Mexico; and
salaries of Secretaries ofLgation, Charges, ex-
penses of missions abroad, the salary paid to the
signer of patents, &c; and, after a few remarks,
moved that the committee rise.
And, on the question being taken, resulted—ayes
55, noes 47, no quorum voting; but a majority
having decided,                                                 ___/
—.The committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House.
Mr. BRIGGS moved that the Honse adjourn.
Mr. PETRIKIN here t >ok exception to the report
of the chairman of the Committee on the state of
the Union. He raised a point of order whether it
was not the duty of the chairman to report that the
committee found itself without a quorum.
Mr. BRIGGS said a majority of the committee
had agreed tp rise, and did nc t authorize its chair-
man to report ihe fact of there being no quorum.
Mr. PETRIKIN did not press his point of order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn; which were ordered,
and were—yeas 49, nays 63.
So the House refused to adjourn. No quorum
voted; but
The SPEAKER said there was evidently a
quorum present.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then withdrew his motion
for a call of the Houm?, and
The House then again resolved Itself into Com-
mittee of the whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Casey in the chair) and resumed the consideration
of the civil and diplomatic bill,
committee. The House had been five days in
committee on this" bill, but the subject which had
been discussed during that time was the Presiden-
tial question. The State of Ohio first led off in the
irrelevant and unjustifiable course of debate on
this bill, but we had nothing to do with either with
Gen. Harrison or Abolitionism here. Let the gentle-
man from North Carolina confine his remarks to
the bill before the committee, and leave other ques-
tions to be decided at their proper time. If the
gentleman from North Carolina objected to any
item of the bill, let him point it out, so that it might
be considered. But, in his opinion, the character
of General Harrison had been sufficiently descanted
upon. The course this debate had taken was in-
compatible with the public interest, and with their
character as members of a legislative body.
He considered the character of Major General
William Henry Harrison as ably defended from
the imprudent attacks made upon him by his ene-
mies. He, for one, confessed that his opinion of
General H. had been vastly chaisged by the dis-
cussion. Mr. D. said the question of Abolition
had also been improperly introduced into the de-
bate, in relation to the principles of men with whom
we have nothing to do. He considered that this
question of President-making, and the reciprocal
charges of Abolition, had been fairly ^discussed.
Five months of the session bad elapsed, and they
had about two months and a half to do business;
and now (said Mr. D.) let us come forward and
do the business of the country, and then we can go.
before the people in our districts, and there dis-
cuss the Presidential question. He, for one, would
do this, and would be glad to do it. If there was any
particular item which should be rejected, they could
enlighten the country on the subject of appropria-
tions in the discussion which might take place on it.
Bat let as make these appropriations. The Govern-
ment had called for them, and must have them.
Let us make them, and the responsibility must rest
upon the Government for their proper disburse-
ment. He did not intend, when he rose, to say
one word to give offence to any gentleman who
bad taken part in the discussion. He considered
that those with whom he was associated, had
acted entirely on the defensive. He would not
discuss the bill at this time; but he would probably
do so at another time; and would then discuss the
particular proposition before the House.
Mr. GRAVES replied in opposition to the views
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson.]
He entered his protest on the sort of criticism used
by that gentleman.                                                     ,,
Mr. MARVIN did not rise to make a speech on
the bill, but to make some brief remarks on the
strange course this debate bad taken. They were,
as he understood, in Committee of the Whole on
the bill making appropriation for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government. On the
first day of the debate, he had listened with atten-
tion, expecting to hear nothing but what had some
reference to the bill. But, to bis great surprise, in /
the midst of the debate, an entirely foreign subject
was introduced, and an attack made in reference ~~
to the opinions of one of the candidates for the
Presidency. What had the Presidential question
to do with the subject before the committee? He
appealed to his Southern friends, without distinc-
tion of party, whether it was proper that an Aboli-
tion debate should spring up, day after day, when,
by their vote, they had previously decided that this
subject should not be introduced or discussed in any
shape whatever.
They had determined, some time ago, that the
subject of Abolition should in no way be discussed, j
yet, day after day, members were reading from
Abolition papers, to prove that somebody is or is
not in favor of, or opposed to Abolition. He could
not understand what this bad to do with the bill un-
der consideration.
In the early part of the debate, the gentleman
from Ohio had made some remarks in relation to
the price of labor, the currency, etc. and had sta-
ted that there was no distress, in the country except
among speculators.- At that time he did wish an
opportunity to reply, that he might correct that
erroneous statement, and convince the gentleman
that that distress existed among others, besides sps-.
