CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
391
Mr. R. GARLAND objected.                                 ,       ,,___
The question was then taken, and the motion wa  agreed to—
*yjj?r. DAVEE asked and obtained the unanimous consent of
the House to present the following resolutions, recently adopted
by the Legis'atuie of Maine; which, oil his motion, were re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed:
RESOLVES RELATING TO THE NORTHEASTERN
BOUNDARY.
Reeoived. That the patriotic enthusiasm with which several
of our snter Slates me past year tendered us with their aid to
repel a threatened foreign invasion, demand our grateful recol-
lection; and whilst this spirit of selfsacnfice and self devotion to
the national henor pervades the Union, we cannot doubt that the
integrity ofour territory will be preserved.                  ,
Resolved, Thai the promptness and unanimity with whlcn
the last Congress, at the call of this State, placed at the disposal
of the President, the arms and treasures of the nation for nur
defence, the firmness of the Executive in sustaining the action
of this Stale, and repelling the charge of an infraction of the ar-
rangement made with theBntisliLieutenantGovernorin March
last, andebargi ig back upon the British Government the viola-
tion of that agreemenu-their decision in demanding the remo-
val of the British troops now quartered upon the disputed ter-
ritory as the only guarantee that they sincerely desire an amica-
ble adjustment of the boundary question, afford us confident
assurance that this State will not be compelled single handed
to take np arms in defence of our territory and the national
honor, and that the cusís is near when this question will be
settled by the National Government, either by negotiation or by
the ultimate resort.
Resolved, That unless the British Government, during the
present session of Congress, make, or accept a distinct and sa-
tisfactory proposition for theimmediate adjustment of the boun-
dary question, it will be the duty of the General Government
to -take military possession of the disputed territory; and in the
name of a sovereign State we call upon the National Govern
ment to fulfil its constitutional obligations to establish the line,
which they have solemnly declared to be the true boundary,
and to protect this State m extending her jurisdiction to the
utmost limits of our territory
Reiolved, That we have a right to expect the General Go-
vernment will extend to this member of the Union, by negotia-
tion or by arms, tbe protection of her territorial rights, guaran-
tied by the Federal compact, and thus save her from the neces-
sity of falling back upon her natural and reserved rights of self
defence and self protection—rights which constitutions can
neither give nor take away, but, should this confidence of a
speedy crisis be disappointed, it will become the imperative
duty of Maine to assume the defence of our State and national
honer, and expel from our limits the British troops now quar-
tered upon our territory.
Resolved, Thatthe Governor be requested to forward copies
of these resolutions to tbe President and Heads of Departments,
and to tbe Senators and Representatives in Congress from this
StatOj with a request to the latter to lay them before the respec-
tive bodies of which they are members; also to the Governors
ofthe several States, with a request to lay them before their
several Legislatures.
On motion of Mr. JONES of Virginia,
The House then resolved itself into Committee of the Whole,
Mr Casbv in the chair, and took up the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
Mr. OGLE, who was entitled to the floor, resumed his re-
marks from yesterday, in defence of General Harrison, and
abusive of Mr. Van Buren; and, before concluding, at the
hour of five o'clock  gave way to
Mr. CARTER, who moved that the committee rise; and
the question was taken by tellers, (Messrs CbaSman of Alaba-
ma, and Da vies of Pennsylvania, acting as such,) and resulted,
ayes 69, noes 38- no quorum voted; when
The committee rose, and the Speaksr having resumed the
Chair, the chairman reported that fact to the House.   Then
'   Mr. CARTER moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. DROMGOQLE demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and were, yeas 70, nays 43.   Accordingly
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday,'April 16, 1840.
Mr. NORVELL presented the petition of a num-
-ber ot citizens of St. Clair county, in the State of
Michigan, praying the imposition of a duty on fish
imported from the provinces of Upper and Lower
Canada; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented Ihe petition of John
H. Hagedorn and Adolph Cramer, merchants in
New Orleans, praying to be allowed a drawback
on certain articles of merchandise exported by
them; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HUBBARD submitted documents in rela-
tion to the claim of James Crooks and William
Crook?, citizens of Gieat Britain, to indemnity for
the illegal seizure of their vessel and cargo by a
United States officer in the year 1812; which were
referred to the Commitiee on Claims.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous cons.nt
and agreed to:                                                      '
Reiohed, That the Sectetary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate the annual amounts
of drawbatA paid on the exportation of refiaed tu-
gar for etch y*ar since the applications ofthe
drawback system to that exportation.
On motion by Mr. BE.nTON, tbt message from
the President of the United States, transmitting, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, a le-
pirt from the Secretary of the Navy, in relation to
the military and naval defences of the country, was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STURGEON, in pursuance of previons no-
lice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for altering the time of holding the District Court
of the United Stales for the western district of Penn-
sylvania, at Wilhamsport; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LINN, from  the Commitiee on Private
Land   Claims, reported a bill  for the relief of
Thomas P. Copes; which was read, and ordered to  :
a second reading.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred HouQe bill for the
lelief of Robert Milnor and John Thompson, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Commi tee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred House bill for the re-
lief of Lewis H. Bates and William Lacon, re-
ported the same without amendment, and recom-
mended that it do not pass.
Mr DAVISy from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred House bill for the le-
lief of Wi'liam Wickham, reported the same with
an amendment.
The bill for the relief of Avery, Saltmarsh, and
Company, wss taken up, and after some remarks
by Messrs. HUBBARD and LUMPKIN, was
potponed for the present.
The bill for the reduction and sraduation of the
price of the public lands, was taken up, and on
account of the indispostion of Mr. Clat of Ken-
tucky, its further consideration was postponed
until Monday next.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill to amend an act entitled an act regu-
lating passenger ships and vessels;
The b,ll foi the relief of David Waller;
Bill for the relief of John McCloud;
Bill for the relief of William Jones;
Bill for the relief of John S. Wi am, of Chero-
kee county, Alabama;
Bill for creating a new'land district in the State
of Missouri, and for changing the boundaries of
the southwestern and western land districts in said
State;
Bill authorizing the President of the Uaited
States to cause the reserved lead mines belonging
to tbe United States in tbe several States and Ter-
ritories to be sold of other public lands;
Bill for the relief of Isabella Hill, widow, and
John Hill, Elizabeth H 11, and Samuel Hill, chil-
dren and minor heirs-at-law of Samuel Hill, de-
ceased;
Bill for the relief of Jane Waller;
Bill for the relief of sundry citizens of Arkansas,
who lost their improvements m consequence of
the treaty between the United States and the Choc-
taw Indian;;
Bill to revive an act authorizing certain soldiers
in the late war to surrender the bounty lands drawn
by them, and to locate other lands in lieu thereof,
and for other purposes;
Bill to authorize the inhabitants of town.'hip 8
north, range 32 west, in the State of Arkansas, to
enter a sec'ion of land in lieu of the 16 h section
in said township upon condition that the same is
surrendered to the United States for military pur-
pose::
Bill for the relief of Joseph Paxton;
Bill for the relief of the heirs of Franc;s New-
man;
Bill respecting the heirs of Aenes Dundas;
Bill to confirm to the Stats of Indiana ihe land
selected by her for thu portion of the Wabash and
Erie canal which lies between the mouth of the
Tippecanoe river and Terre Haute, and for other
purposes; and
Bill to auihorize registers and receivers to ad-
minister oaths required to be taken by purchaseis
of public land;
were severally read a third time and passed.
The bill for the relief of the Steamboat Compa-
ny of Nantucket;
T e bill for ihe relief of J. M. Strader; and
The bill supplementary to the act entitled "An
act to establ sh branches of the Mint oi the United
States," approved March 3, 1835;
were considered as in Committee of the Whole and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
PRE-EMPTION LAW.
The Senate proceeded to ihe consideration of the
bill supplementary to the " Act to grant pre-emp-
tion rights to settlers on the publ c lands." The
amendments reported by the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands having been agreed to,
Mr. NORVELL said that a number of petitions
had been presented to the Senate from settlers on
the public lands, stating that in consequence of the
embarrassments uf the times ^ey had been unable
to avail themselves of the benefits of the existing
pre-empt on act. That act was to expire in June,
by its own limitation. The peiitioneis ask for a
longer time, to enable them to real ze ihe beneficent
provisions of the land. Besides, ihe present pre-
emption act h'd, by general consent, worked well,
boih for jthe actual settlers and the public. Ha
therefore asked leave to submit a new section,
providing for the extension of ihe pre-emption act
of the 22d of June, 1838, to "h<- 22J of June, 1842.
The amendment w&s funher discussed by
Messrs CLAY of Alabama, NORVELL, CRIT-
TENDEN, and PRENTISS.who, at the conclusion
of his lemarks, proposed to amend the amendment
by adding a provision making four months' occu-
pancy previous to the passage of the bill, a condi-
tion of the naht of pre-emption.
Mr. P's amendment was debated by Messrs,
HUBBARD, WHITE, PRENTISS, NORVELL,
MERRICK, SEVIER, KNIGHT, and KING;
and the question being taken, it was decided in
the negative—ayes 13, noes 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Calhoun, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Cuthbert, Davis, Dixon, Knigh'',
Merrick, Prentiss, Ruggles, White, and Williams
—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Grundy, Hen-
derson, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouon,
Nicholas, Norvell, Porter, Robins n, Sevier, Smith
of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wright,
and YouBg—24.
The question was then taken on Mr. Norvell's
amendment; which was agreed to—yeas 25, nays
11, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Clay
of Alabama, Fu.ton, Grundy, Henderson, Hub-
bard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mentón, Nicholas,
Norvell, Porter, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Indi-
ana, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, White, Williams,
Wright, and Young—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Calhoun, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Davis, Dixon, Knight, Merriek,
Prentiss, Ruggles, and Strange—11.
Mr. PRENTISS tben moved to strike oat the
second section of the bill; which, after some re-
marks by Messrs P. and CLAY of Alabama, was
decided in the negative—ayes 10, noes 95, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Clayton, Davis, Dixon,
Kn ght, Merrick, Prentiss, Preston, Haggles, and
Strange—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Ctajr
of Alabama, Fulton, Grundy, Henderson, Hob-
bard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Montón, Nicholas,
Norvell, Porter, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of In-
diana, Stureeon, Tappan, Walker, White, Wil-
liams, Wright, and Young—22.
After some further discussion, in which Messr*.
WALKER and PORTER panicipa'ed, the ques-
tion was taken on ordering the bill to be engrossed
for a third reading, which was decided, in the affir-
mative—ayes 25, nays 7, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Al'en, Anderson, Benton,
Buchanan, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Grundy,
Henderson, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin,Moo-
ton, Nicholas, Norvell, Porter, Robinson, Serier,
Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
White, Williams, and Young—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Cn'tenden, Davis,
Msirick, Prentiss, Rogóles, and Strange—7.
Ths Senate then went into Executive session,
|| and afterwards adjourned.
