asa
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, April 16,1840.
Mr. LEET rose and said he bepged leave to pre-
sent two petitions for pensions, which he had had
in his possession for some time, and he expressed
a hope that the House would permit him to do so.
The SPEAKER said if no objections were
made, the gentleman from PennsyIrani* could pre-
sent the petitions referred to.
Mr. BANKd sail he would ask the same favor,
though he did net object.
[Mr. Leet then presented the memorial of Da-
vid McMullin, of Washington county, Pa. pray-
ing for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions. Also, the memorial of
William Cam, of Washington county, Pa for a
pension: referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.]
By consent, petitions were then presented infor-
mally by Messrs. BANKS, JONES of New
York, McKAY, HOFFMAN, HILL of Virginia,
GARLAND of Louisiana, CRABB, ELY, WA-
GENER of New York, and GARLAND of Vir-
ginia.
[M.r. Jones of New York presented two petitions
from inhabitants of Orange county, for the esta-
blishment of a post road from South Middletown,
through State Hill, Well's Corner, Westtown, and
Unionville, in said county, to Deckertown, Sussex
county, New Jersey.]
Mr. PETR1KIN objected to this mode of pre-
senting the petitions; some might be received which
ought not to be received under the rules. The
further prefentation was in consequence arrested.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House a communication from the President of the
U tiled States, enclosing a communication from
the Secretary of Slate, giving information called
for under the resolution of the House of ihe 9th
March in relation to the tobacco trade. On mo-
ti >n of Mr. JENIFER, referred to the Select Com-
mittee heretofore raised on that subject.
Also, sundry depositions in relation to the New
Jersey contested election; which, on motion of Mr.
CAMPBELL of South Carolina, was referred to
the Committee of Elections.
Also, a message from ihe Executive, communi-
cating a copy of convention entered into wi.h the
Mexican Republic by the United State , for the
indemnification of citizens of the United States
for spoliations committed by the Mexican Govern-
ment, on the property of citizens of the United
States: on motion of Mr. EVERETT, referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and oidered to
be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland, by unanimous
consent, laid before the House a bill which he said
he intended to offer as a substitute for the Sub-
Treasury bill, whm that bill should come up for
consideration; which wa# ordered to be printed.
The CHAIR announced that the first business in
order was the repor^ of the Committee of Ac-
counts, in relation to/he contracts existing between
Langirte and O'Smlivan with the Clerk of the
House, for furnishing stationery, &c. and the im-
mediate question «Wore the'House was the motion
to recommit ihe/reporu to the C mmittee on Ac-
counts, wiih ihe/bllowing instructions:
he prices paid-by the Clerk of this
|fionery, is a reasonable price, when
compared wij^i what stationery can be purchased
persons of like quality.
htr the stationery is not of an inferor
compared with the stationery   pur-
tiased fifr this House at the last two sessions of
5JBSS.
3.  Whether any allowance was asked by the
Clerk, eithei in writing or verbally, for the differ-
ence in exchange between Philadelphia and New
Yi rk; ant, if any, how much!
4.   Whether any payment has been made by
the Clerk to the contractor, in advance, on his
contract, or the auditing of his account by the
committee?
Mr. JOHNSTON of New York moved the fol-
lowing as a substitute for the above instructions,
viz:
That the resolution which passed this House
on the fourth day of March last, upon the sub-
ject of stationery, and the reports thereon, and the
other matters therein contained, be committed to
a Select Committee, with additional instructions
to inquire and report to the House:
1.  Whether the prices paid by the Clerk of this
House for stationery are reasonable, when com-
pared with prices for which stationery of the
same quality could have been purchased of other
persons than those oí whom he purchased.
2.  Whether the stationery is not of an inferior
quality, when compared with the stationery fur-
nished this House at the last two sessions of Con-
gress
3.  In what mode or manner the Cleik has ad-
vanced or paid money to said Langtree, in relalioa
to said stationery, the amounts paid, and the dif-
ferent times when paid; and thit said committee
have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON said that when, on
yesterday, his remarks were suspended by the expi-
ration of the morning hour, it was his intention to
have replied in detail to the speeches of the gentle-
men from New York. But on reflection, he was
satisfied that no good could arise from a eontinu-
ance of a discussion thus prematurely. With that
understanding, therefore, he would merely observe
that the motion to recommit the subject to the
committee under general instructions, would be on-
ly asking ihe committee to repsrt what they had
already done.
As regarded the document accompanying the re-
port of the committee, marked w.th the letter J.
and which had given the gentlemen from New
York [Mr. Johnston] and Pennsylvania [Mr. Pe-
trikin] so much pain and labor, he had one word
to say. He understood that upwards of eight pages
of the repcrt made by the gentleman from New
York, were taken up in attempting to prove'
that this document had bien smuggled into the
committee room. Now he would call the attention
of the House to the resolution read on yesterday,
by which it wo.uld be seen that, with the exception of
the solitary vote of the gentleman from New York,
the document was received by the unanimous vote
ot the cpinmittee.
Mr. CHARLES JOHNSTON, the member al-
luded to, rose for the purpose of making some ex-
p anation.
Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON hoped the gentleman
from New York would peimit him to proceed
without interruption, as he had but a few words to
say, and would conclude in a very few minutes.
He would say, th:n, that the document, instead of
being smuggled into the committee room, had been
introduced at the instance of a majority of the com-
mittee—the gentleman from New York .being the
■ only member who voted against it, and who had
generally stood alone on all questions in relation
to this matter. That document was furnished by
a sworn officer of the Hojise, and if there was a
single error in any of the statements made therein,
he asked ihe gent eman from New York to lay his
finger upon it, and point it out. That .document
was compiled from papers on file in th3 Treasury
Depattment, and the country would thank the
Clerk for furnu-hing the valuable information it
contained. For his part he would say that, so far
as his knowledge extended, he would ceitify that
the Clerk had been governed, in all his transac-
tions, by honorable motives. He would also un-
dertake to say that the stationery furnished by the
present officer had been furnished on terms at least
equal to tnose on which stationery had been sup-
plied before.
If the House should deem it proper to recommit
the subject, and order an investigation into the con-
duct of the Clerk, the latter, he was authorized to
say, would be very glad to have an opportunity of
meeting those charges.
Yes, said Mr. J. the House may, if it chooses,
appoint another select committee of investigation,
with power to send for persons and papers. The
members of the committee might, if they pleased,
follow the example of the Swartwout Committee,
and proceed to New Yoik, atan expense of nine-
teen dollars and thirty-five cents per day for each
individual, as will be seen by the account of that
committee herewith presented:
How #/ RtprtitntativM,                       Dr.
To Select Committee on Defalcations:
Cash paid Astor House for sixteen and a half
days' board of six members, rix- Messrs. Harlan,
Wise, Smith, Curtis, Hopkins, Dawson, and Mr.
Fendall, their clerk, (wines and liquors not in-
eluded)          ....     ¿400 10
Extra charge for fuel, rooms, lights, e'c.       110 00
Paid messenger          -          -          -          6 44
Messrs. Owens, Foster, and Wsgener's
bill at American Hotel      -                  210 00
Mileage, 500 miles, for nine members      1.800 00
Same for cleik          -          -          -       200 00
$2,726 54
But this was not the only expense: the printing
alone growing out of this investigation amounted
to some eighteen thousand dollars, so far as he had
ascertained.
They might, if they thought proper, lay another
tax upon Government of §50,000, which had been
paid for another committee of investigation, (that
of 1837, of which Messrs. Wise and Peyton were
members.)
Mr. J. concluded by opposing a recommitment
of the report, unless additional and specific charges
were ma<V
Mr. PETRIKIN went into an argument of
some leng h, in support of the motion to recom-
mit the report. In making the motion to
recommit the reports, he acted as a party
man, regardless of the denunciations of any
man, or the sneers and taunts of some of the
Clerk's friends, and their assertions that he was
directing the party. He belonged to the De-
mocratic party, and that party based all their
political acts on certain fixed fundamental princi-
ples; and that one of those was strict accountabi-
lit/ and responsibility of all public officers and
agents. That the party he belonged to held that
the officer who skulked or attempted to screen
himself from such accountability, or he or' they
who attempted to aid others in such a coarse, was
not one of us. He was aware, however, that
all parties were like large armies. An army had
crows and buzzards following and hoveriog over
them, for the purpose of feasting on the carcasses
lefi on their course. So it was with the Democratic
party when in power; they had men hovering
around the honest patt of them, or even going in
advance, not from principle or attachment to them,
politically or individually, but for the plunder to be
obtained; and of this they have striking examples
every day. He came there as the repre-
sentative of constituents whose wish was to re-
medy evils, wherever they existed, and to save the
money of the country, without reference to any
man—principles, not men, was the standing motto
of the party he belonged to, and that he fol-
lowed the lead of no man, except so far as that
man aided in carrying into execution the princi-
ples he professed, and endeavored to prac-
tice. Now, in relation to this matter, he would
say that he considered there had been a disposition
shown by the Clerk to skulk from investigation.
He had observed indications of a wish to shut the
door against inquiry; and whenever a door was
thus closed, it was very natural for people to infer
that there was something not exactly right behind
the door. He was, therefore, determined, so far as
in him lay, to have a full and strict investigation
into this matter, so that the true state of the case
might be known. He thought it right to say that
he had nothing personal against the Clerk, but
was guided solely by public motives; and in the
course of his political life, he believed he had never
suffered private matters to interfere with his public
duties.
Mr. P. then alluded to the resolutions for regu-
lating the Clerk in the purchase of stationery, and
contended that the latter, in his contiacis with Mr.
Langtree, had not acted in accordance with the
instructions contained in those resolutions. He
thought no gentleman ought to object to a recom-
mitment of the whole matter. If they were con-
scions that the Clerk had done his duty, what
reason had they to be afraid? He went into a his-
tory of the subject, with a view to show that the
