336
question before the House.   Ho would, however,
like to hear the memorial read.
The memorial was then presented and read as
follows:
T  tht House of Representatives:
Gentlemen: As an officer of your honorable
body, deprived by the rules of the House, and the
laws of propriety, from appearing in rny own de-
fence, I am constra;ned to resort to the ultimate
right oi arv,American citizen, and appeal to your
.honorable body, praying that a Select Committee
may be raised, and inquiry made into my official
conduct, the propriety and integrity of which have
been brought in question.
In a letter addressed to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Accounts, two days since, when this mat-
ter was broneht into the House,I stated to him that
I had no hmg to conceal, was anxious for the most
rigid scrutiny, and hoped he would throw no ob-
stacle in the way of investua'ion. This letter he
was author zed to read to the Hoase, if nee s<ary;
and he did, in his speech, state the substance there-
of. But I understand that it was again repeated
yesterday, (I was not present,) that I have acted
fraudulently, and am endeavoring to screen myself
ft cm invest gati'>n.
Theie were sufficient facts before the committee
to disprove this charge, and there is now in the re-
port of the committee, lying on your table, suffi-
cient evidence to refute all such gratuitous asser-
tions; but that there may not be the slightest doubt
re&tiog on the matter, I pray >our hone,able tody
to give ihe fullest scope to investigation. Jn ask-'
ing for a Select Committee for this purprse, I only
mean to respond to the wishes of those who ex-
pressed a desire for further inquiry, and not to cast
any imputation on the Corarr>itiee of Accounts,
who have h therto had th s matt<?r in charge, and
have reported thereon. But as they ere accused of a
partial leaning in my favor, Ihope I shall be ex-
cused in desrmg that any futute investigation may
be tranferred to another tribunal. I hive no
choice as to that tribunal. I throw myself vpon
the whole House, without regard to pany d sanc-
tions, without fear of party influences, not doubting
that a fair and hoWable trial wM be awarded me.
I ask no favors—only justice.
Very respectfully,
HUGH A   GARLAND,
Clerk House of Representatives U. S.
Mr. BURKE said he wishrd to hive'a Select
Committee raised on the memorial, with general
instructions
The CHAIR inquired what nurnter did the gen-
tleman propo-e the committee should cons'st of.
Mr. BURKE replied five.
The CHAIR said there was such a proposi-
tion now before the House.
Mr. WISE presumed that that proposition
would answer.
Mr.'SMITHof Maine sail that the proposi-
tion of ihe gent'eman from New York [Mr.
Johnston] was specific, and that of tlie gentleman
from New Hampshie [Mr. Bürke] was general in
is character.
Mr.WISEsaiffhe highly approved of the course
of the   Clerk   in   demanding an investigation.
He was sure there was no one who did not desire
that the investigation should te accorded to  the
Cierk upon what was charged.   He said he al-
ways was in favOT of ordering investigations into
the conduct of the pub ic officers on t ;e pr'mcip'e
of law which pre?umed all cnmnals innccent un-
til   they   be   proved   guhy.     It  was   for   that
reason   that   he   was   oppose! to the   doctr ne
that the conduct of a public officer could not be
investigated except on specific charges.    The true
ground, as the basis of all investigations, wis the
presumption of the innocence of the public officer,
and for that reason he was in favor of general, and
not specific, powers to a committee of iuvesti-*
gation   in    this    instance.     Ihe    Clerk    had
done in this instance what every pub ic officer
should do.   The disposition which had here orore
been pursued, to obstruct iuvestigition except spe-
cific charges were preferred, wonll not be tolerated
in a country like'this.   The doctrine of specific
charges was wholly erroneous.   There should be,
ttd eonld be, no specific charges, unless there was
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
data to go upon; but he held that when the least
suspicious were hinted, in the publ¡c prints even,
that the officers of the Government should cerne
forward, as the Clerk had done in ihis instance,
and demanded ihat an ii ve>tigaiion should be had,
and that wi'nesses should be examined en oath.
The Clerk did what was right and proper, and he
thought it was ju^t that his memorial, and the re-
ports of the minority and majority of the commit-
tee, and the statements of the Clef  accompany-
ing these r«pors, should be referred to the Select
Committee proposed, with general instructions to
inquire into all matters of fraud and economy—the
economy of the contract, and the fraud, if any, in
making the contract. This embraced every thing
which it was pressed to inve-t gat?.
Mr. JOHNSTON of N.-W York made no objec-
tion which was distinctly heard; when
Mr. WISE inquired ol him whether the grounds
he had taken would not embrace every thing that
.he wished.
Mr. JOHNSTON of New York was understood
to say that the resolution of March was in terms
sufficiently broad to embrace every thing, if the
commit ee had seed in good faith under it.
Mr. WISE then read a re?o:utioa proposing to
raise a Select Committee, with general powers;
which Mr. JOHNSTON of New York accepted as
a modification of his.
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia hoped his col-
league would agree to receive the memorial, and
have it referred.
Mr. WISE was perfectly willing that it should
be.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS objected to its recep ion.
Mr. LEET contended that the nvmorial had
been already received.
Mr. J. GARLAND moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose c f rec iving it; and demanded the
yeas and nays on that mot on; which were ordered,
and were, yeas 132, nays 1& Those who voted
against its reciption wtre,
Messrs. Andrews, Barnard,.Calhoun of Massi-
chusets, Cians'on, Garret Davis, Dennis, Dillet,
Gentry, Hall, Mitchell, Pr<,ffit, John White, L.
Williams, and C. H. Wuliams.
Po the nremoiial was received.
Mr. BURKE ihen offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the memorial of Hcgh A. Gar-
land, Clerk of t!-e House of Repre-citatives, re-
lating to his official conduct as an officer of this
House, be referred to a Se'e. t Comm tee of five
members, with power to send for persons and-
pap rs.
f^Mr. PETRIKIN ' cr¡ raised a point of order,
the ru'es having been suspended for a specific ob-
ject—the reception of the memorial—whether it
was in order to offer a resolution.
The CHAIR decided that-the resolution was in
order.
Mr. PETRIKIN took an appeal from that deci-
sion.
Mr. CLIFFORD maintained that the resolution
was certainly in order—the rules having been sus-
pended for the purpose of receiving the rremorial
—and the memorial itself called for the appoint
mem of a Select Committee. It would be no use to
receive it, unless for the purpese of having some
action upon it.
Mr. JAMES GARLAND, for the purpose of
doing away with any cavil, or any objection-, and to
show that the Clerk was willing to meet the inves-
tigation in its broadest sense, would submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the memorial of the Clerk, and
all other papers and matters-pertinent to the sub-
ject, now before the House, from the Committee of
Accounts, or from any other souree, be referred to
a Select Committee, with instructions to inquire into
all matters of fraud, all considerations of economy,
and all other matters and things in relation to the
contracts made by the Clerk of this House, in re-
lation to furnishing stationery and lithographic
printing for the House; and that said committee
have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. BURKE accepted it as a modification of
his resolution.
Some objection being still expressed,
•   ii i" ii'i  i   '11   n     alii   '   i   ''■■■•   -3
Mr. J. GARLAND $aid he did not wish to ap-
pear captious about the form, and that the gentle-
man objecting might put the resolution in his own
form.
Mr. WISE said the resolution, as then proposed,
embraced all that was requisite.
Mr. PETRIKIN s'ill persisted in his point of
order, that the rules were not suspended for any
disposition of the memorial, or for the reception of
any resolution.
The CHAIR said that the rales having been sus-
pended for the reception of the memorial which
asked for a particular thng, jt was certainly in or-
der for the House to have any proposition on the
memorial to effect that object.
Mr. PETRIKIN, to save trouble, said he would
so modify his proposition as to refer the whole sub-
ject under the instructions to a Sebct Committee.
Mr. LEE l' said he had risen for the purpose of
expressing his entire satisfaction with the course
which the House, by its vote, on the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garland] to sus-
pend the rules, indicated a disposition to pursue,
in reference to the memorial of the Clerk, which
was a few minutes ago read at the desk.
He thought that it was rght and proper,
to receive and act upon that memorial, and
with that view he had voted for a suspension of the
ru'e*. Under the circumstances, what better plan
could be adopted? Has any prelerable one been
suggested? No. For two or three days past, the
House has witnessed a conflict (n.it the rncst plea-.
sant to any of the parties, and perhaps not very
useful to the House,) between ihe members of the
majority and minority of ihe Committee of Public
Accounts. A continuance of this controversy will
be rendered unnecessary, and altogether superseded,
by a compliance with the request of the Clexk.
Under the resolution adopted some time since,
said Mr. L. on the moti( n of his colleague, [Mr.
Petrikin,] the Committee on Accounts had made
such inqu.ry as appeared- to them ( useful and
called for by the resolution. That resolution was
one of inquiry alone; at that time no charges were
preferred. But, sir, said Mr. L. during the discu?-
sion on the motion to recommit the report, insinua-
tions, or rather, indeed, direct charges, «ere ma'e
on the floor of the House, of official misconduct on
the part of the Clerk, in hi* contract for furnishng
stationery for the House. This, sir, being
the fact, the case assures an essentially dif-
ferent aspect fiom that wh ch it in ihe first
instance presrned. In the present c ndition
of the matt r, it must s ribe every gent'eman
that the course taken by the Clerk is a discreet
and proper one. He is the officer of th s House,
and it is due to the House, as well as to himself,
that these charges of official impropriety in the con-
tracts entered into for stationery, should be exposed
to a patient and searching investigation. The Com-
mittee on Accounts have divided in opinion in the
performance of their duties, under the resolution,
to which I, a moment ago, made reference, and the
whole matter may appear enveloped in a..fog,
which ought most certainly to be dssipated.
Mr. PETRI KIN here interposed, and said that
the question immediately betore the House was
the point of order raised by himself.
Mr. LEET proceeded to remark, that if his col-
league insisted upon his point of order, let it be so;
he could, in ihe way of legitimate discussion upon
that point ol order, say to the House all he felt any ,
desire to say, and it was but a word oi two.
But, said Mr. L. as to this point of order, raised
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, he would
most respectfully remark, that his colleague him-
self, upon reflection, would find that it was untena-
ble. How stands the cast? The honorable gen-
tleman fiom Virginia [Mr. Garland] moved to
suspend the rules, for the purpose of receiving,
considering, and taking action upon, the memorial
of the Clerk. In this manner I under-toed the
motion uf th  gentleman. The House agreed to
this motion, by a majority of more than two-thirds.
Now, sir, said Mr. L. what will be the u.-e of re-
ceiving the memorial, ualess we proceed further,
and raise the special committee, which the
memorialist asks for, whose duty it will be to
inquire into, investigate and report upon the whole
v
