CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
=pe*
C6th Como.
.1st Ssss.
TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1840.
Volum* 8...........No. «2.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE tl   PER SESSION.
AntitUKa from JVe. 21.
subject connected with the furnishing stationery.
In this view of the ea*e, can any one doubt about
the resolution to raise ibe committee being in or-
deil Without it, the reception of the memorial
would be a Tain an 1 useless work. He contended
the resolution was in order, and that the point of
order by bis colleague could not be sustained.
Now, sir, as the committee proposed to be raised,
he wosld say, let the powers of this committee be
commensurate wiih any and all abuses that may
have been or that could be practised.
The memorialist submits himself to the House,
•ad as he understood it (said Mr. L ) invited in*
Testation. It ought to be made. Indeed, under
the circumstances, the application of the Clerk
comes with scrupulous propriety.
He, for one, never would hebi'ate; never would
pause about authorizing an inquiry in cases where
any suspicions existed, or charges were made
against the official deportment of the Clerk or any
other officer of the House. And he was pleased
to see the fair and open manner in which the
Clew on mis occasion appealed to the House to
hare the matter examined fully and thoroughly.
Mr. L. proceeded to say, that whilst up, he
would take the opportunity of remarking, that
although he would most cheerfully vote for the re-
solution to raise a Select Committee, in pursuance
of the Clerk's request, as made in his memorial,
yet he thereby meant no sort of disrespect to the
honorable gentlemen composing the majority of
the Committee on Aceoun's. H* had full
confidence in those gentleman, and entertained
bo doubt that they had done every thing
which appeared to them to be required by the
terms of the resolution under which they acted. In-
deed, since their report, enough has occurred to
render the coarse now l.kely to be taken, accepta-
ble to them.   He had no doubt it would be.
Mr. LEET remarked that he did not feel any
desire further to debate the point of order—he look-
ed upon it as utterly unsustainable. If, said he,
he could not be allowed to proceed with what he
esteemed it proper for him to say, be would move
the previous qaes'ion on tne appeal of his colleague
[Mr. Peteikin] from the decision of the' Chair up-
on the point of order.
Mr. FETRIKIN a*ked his colleague, [Mr.
Leet,] to withdraw the motion for the previous
question, and he would save all further difficulty
by a proposition which he purposed making.
Mr. LEET then withdrew his motion; when
Mr. PETRIKIN withdrew his appeal; and, for
the purpose of saving further discussion, moved the
previous question on the adoption of the resolution;
which received a second, and the main question be-
ing ordered, the question was taken, and the re ,
lution was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
1.  Letter from the Secretary of War, in compli-
ance with a resolution of (he House of Representa-
tives of the 9th instant, containing the report of the
board of officer * appointed to prepare a plan, for
the defence of the Northern and Northeastern fron-
tiers. On motion of Mr. HAND, refe red to the '<
Committee on Miliary Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
2.  Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
compliance wuh a resolution of Ibe House of the
6th April, respecting the trade with Mexico. On
motion of Mr. PETRIKIN, referred to the Com-
m,"ee_0J  Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
3.  Deposition, in relation to the New Jersey
election. On motion of Mr. PETRIKIN, referred
to the Committee on Elections.
tiZñOL a"? Wlto' of * Vúnit¡ Carácter,
Uken from the 8pEAIMR.g ^^ w^ ,   ■           d
appropriately referred.                    «u   w «,,
M      DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr   W. C, JOHNSON offered a resolution
twluch liss over) setting apart the J3«i and 14th of
May next for the consideration of business relating
to the District of Columbia.
The House then, on motion of Mr. JONES,
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
went again into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Casey of Illinois in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PETRIKIN had the floor, and, after soma
pretty caustic remarks in reply to a part of the
speech of Mr. Ogle, which referred mo.e particu-
larly to himsslf, he went in'o a discussion on the
subject of the expenditures on the public buildings,
insisting that, though the extravagance was unde-
niably great, neither the President nor his Cabinet
was responsible for it, but Congress and the archi
tect, whom he accused either of dishonesty or in-
competence.
Mr. P. having concluded a speech of considera-
ble length,
Mr. KEIM of Pennsylvania was about replying
to so much of Mr. Ogle's speech as had reference
to "Old Berts  when
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania informed him
that Mr. Oole had left the House from indisposi-
tion; upon which,
Mr. KEIM said he should defer his reply till
that gentlemen was in his seat. He would only
now say that the charge of Federalism either
against that county or himself as its Representative
could not be sustained before honorable men.
Mr. C09PER said Mr. Ogle had not charged
Mr. K. with having been a Federalist, but had
merely said that anti-bank Democratic Berks was
represented by his honorable colleague, who was
the president of a bank.
The debate wav continued at great length by
Messrs. REYNOLDS, STEENROD, (and WISE
in explanation.)
Mr. STEENROD having concluded,
Mr. WELLER obtained the floor, and expressed
his desire to make some remarks; bur, complying
with the request of several gentlemen, and the hour
growing late, he moved that the committee rise.
On the request of Mr. STANLY, Mr. W. with-
drew the motion, to enable that gentleman to make
some exDlanations, in reply to Mr. Petri kin, on
some matters relating to the expenditures on the
public buildings.
The question being then taken on the motion
that the commit'ee rise, there appeared—ayes 34,
noes 43; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN thereupon rose, and reported
that fact to the House.
- Mr. VANDERPOEL said that every day, about
4 o'clock, the House found itself without a quo-
rum, and it would be impossible to pass the ap-
propriation bills. He moved a call of the House,
and asked the yeas and nays on the motion.
Mr. WISE suggested to Mr. Y. not to com-
mence this severe operation this evening; but that
the House, by gene-a! consent, should agree to
meet at «leven o'clock to-morrow.
[Cries of '«No, no," in all parts of the Hall.]
Mr. CRARY moved that the House adjourn;—
(it being now ten minutes to five.)
Mr. ANDREWS, alluding to the practice of
some gentlemen to go home to dinner, and men
come back to protract the sessions of the House,
asked the yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn;
which were ordered,and being taken, were—yeas
31, nays 64, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adama, Beatty, Bond, Calhoun, Colea, Junes
Cooper, Crary, John W. Davis, Everett, Gatea, GiddiMs,
WllliamS. Hastings, John Hastings, Henry, Charlea Johnston,
McCarty, Mallory, Montgomery, Palen, Paynter, Randolph,
Rarideo, Rayner, Ridgway.E. Rogers, Simonton, Taliaferro,
Tolanii, Welter, Christopher H. Williams, and Wise*-31.
NAYS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Andrews, Atherton, Black-
well, Boyd, Brewster. Burke, William O. Butler, William B.
Campbell, Carroll, Carter, Casey, Ma k A. Cooper, Crabb,
Cra¡¿ Cashing, John Davis, Garret Davis, Deberry, Doig,
Dromgoole, E*rl Eastman, Ely, Floyd, James Garland,
Gentry, Gerry, Graves, Hand, John Hill of N. C. Holleman,
Hunt, Jackson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Leet,
Leonard, Lewis, McClellan, McKay, Marchand, Parmenter,
Petrikin, Promt, Randall, Rives, Russell, Samuels, Shaw,
John Smith, Stanly, Steenrod, Strong, Stuart, flweanngeu'
Taylor, Trumbull, Turney, Vanderpoel, D. D. Wagener, Jarea
W. Williams, and Lewis Williams-64.
So the Houte refused to adjourn.
And the question recurring on the motion that
there be a call of the House, the yeas and nays
were ordered, aud, being taken, were—yeas 48,
nav  55, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adama, Judson Allen, Andrews, Atherton,
Black, Blackwell, Burke, Carroll, Carter, Connor, Mark A.
Cooper. Crai?, Cushing, John Davis, John W. Davis, Drom-
goole, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Floyd, Galbraith, •rsham, Hand,
Holleman, Jackson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Junes, Keim,
Lewis, McClellan, McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Parrish, Profflt,
Rives, Samuels, Shaw, John Sm'th, Stanly Strong, Swearin-
gen, Taylor, Trumbull, Turney, Vanderpoel, Jared W. Wil-
lians, and Lewis Williams—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Beatty, Bond, Boyd, Anson Brown, William
O. Butler. William B. Campbell, Casey, Jamas Cooper, Corwia,
Crabb, Cranaton, Crary, Edward Da vies, Garret Davis, De-
berry, Denni . Doan, Doig, Everett, James Garland, Gates,
Gentry, Gidilmgs, Habersham, William S. Hastings, John
Hastings, Henry, Hill of North Carolina, Hunt, Charles John-
ston, Leet, Leonard, Lucas, McCarty, Montgomery, Newhard,
Palen, Parmenter, Paynter, Petrikin, Randall, Rariden, Ray-
ner, Ridgeway, Edward Rogers, Russell, Simonton. 8ieenrod,
Stuart, Taliaferro, Toland, Welter, John White, Christopher
H. Williams, and,Wise-o6.
So the call was not ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. WISE,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Saturday, April 18, 1840.
The CHAIR presented a message from the Pre-
sident, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 30th December, 1839, in relation to the refusal
of any banks to pay the Government creditors in
specie when demanded, &o. which was hid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, in obedience to a resolution of the Senate of the
16:h instant, directing the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry to report te the Senate the annual amounts of
drawback paid on the exportation of domestic re-
fined sugar for each year since the application of
the drawback system to that exportation; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROANE presented a memorial of citizens
of Elizabeh county; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. PIERCE presented the memorial of Shear-
born Dearborn, and
Documents in relation to the claim of Walter
Haynes; which were severally referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New York in favor of a general
bankrupt law; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the petition of John
Moore; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
. Mr. WALL, from the Committ-e on the Judi-
ciary, to which bad been referred two bills 10 esta-
blish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. W. said that the minority of the committee
would, on Wednesday next, present a bill etnbrao
ing their views on the subject.
Mr. STURGEON, from the Committee on Re-
volutionary Claims, reported
A bill for the relief of James McCrory;
A bill for the relief of Frederick Seigle;
A bill for the relief of John Jordan; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Dr. John
Ramsey;
which were severally read, and ordered to a secódd
reading; and the reports accompanying each ca^e '
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following resolu-,
tions, which were considered and agreed to:
Ritolved, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire into Jb^ expediency of suspend-
ing or discontinuing the branch mints, or either of
them, and report by bill or otherwise.
Retolvei, That ihe Committee on Commerce he
instructed to inquire into the expediency ot extend-
ing the limits of the port of New Orleans.
