338            _____________
Mr. WALKER «emitted the follow ng resolu-
tion, which was considered ana agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate a statement
of the number of acres of land proclaimed for sale
by the President of the United States in that por-
tion of the States of Mississippi and Alabama
ceded by the Chickasaw Indian*, together with the
dates of the several proclamations and copies
thereof; the days upon which the several townships
were actually offered at sale, the quantity disposed
of at public sale, and also by private entry, and
the prices paid, the days when the several town-
ships became subject to entry at private sale, speci-
fy ing the number of acres now remaining unsold,
the various prices at which said quantity remain-
ing unsold is now subject to entry, specifying the
ranges, townships, sections, and parts of sections,
and upon «hat days said lands so designated and
specified that may remain unsold will be subject to
entry at the price of twelve and a half cents per
acre, and what lands, if any, so designated and
specified, are now subject to entry at said "price.
The bill f< r the relief of the owners of the British
brig Despatch;
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Parsons;
The bill for the relief of the representatives of
Joseph Barnard;
The bill for the relief of E. W. and H. Smith;
The bill for the relief of Pierre Menard, Antome
Peltier, and Joseph Placy;
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Col. Franeis Vigo;
The bill for the relief of Converse and Reese;
The bill for the relief of Colin Bishop;
The bill to refund to Noah Miller and others a
part of the proceeds of the sate of the British sloop
Ma'y, and cargo, which were captured by them,
and libelled and sold for the benefit of the United
States;
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Button Stephens;
The bill for the relief of Jon C. Reynolds, late
disbursing agent of the Government;                  #
The bill for the relief of William Osteen;
The bill for the relief of Hazard KnowJes;
The bill for the relief of Charles M. Keller and
Henry Stone;
were severally read a third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of the vesiry and church-
wardens of the Protectant Episcopal Church of the
parish of St. Philip, in the city of Charleston, in
the State of South Carolina, was taken up on its
third reading, and, after a very animated dis-
cussion, in which Messrs CALHOUN, HUB-
BARD, TAPPAN, PRESTON, ALLEN, KING,
WALKER, 'and DIXON participated, was read a
third time, and passed—ayes 19, noes 10.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The bill for the relief of the corporate authorities
of the city of Mobile.
The bill for the relief of Hez k an Cunningham;
The bill for the relief of James Smith of Ar-
kansas;
The bill for the relief of John L. Scott;
The bill for the relief of Zidoc Martin of Mis-
souri;
"The bill for the relief of Grrgoire Sarpy, or his
legal representatives;
The bill for the relief of Daniel B. Bush;
The bill for the relief of John W. Monette, and
The bill for the relief of SamuefCMpin;
were several considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill for the relief of Ira Day of Vermont,
was indefinitely postponed.
The bill allowing rations to Brigadier General
John E. Wool, and George Croghan, was consi-
dered and discussed at much length by Messrs.
LUMPKIN, PRESTON, KING, SEV1ER.HUB-
BARD, WALKER, and PIERCE, and the fur-
ther consideration thereof postponed unt 1 Friday
next.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, April 18,1840.
<>n notion oí Mr. J. GARLAND, the Select
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Committee appointed yesterday in relation to the
contracts for btaiionery was ordered to consist of
five members, (the number having been acciden-
tally omitted ia the resolution ) And the journal
was amended accordingly.
Mr. PAYNTER, by universal consent, pre-
sented a memorial from the pilots of the Delaware
Bay, asking the repeal of the law passed the
seventh of August, 1837, for reasons set forth in
the memorial.
The SPEAKER announced that the unfinished
business of the morning hour was the resolu'ion
heretofore reported by Mr. Br'ggs, from the Com-
mil tee on Public Expenditures, proposing to abo-
lish the said committee, on the alleged ground that
its duties had been assigned to other committees.
Mr. HALL ot Vermont, who was entitled to the
floor, (and who is a member of the said commit-
tee,) addressed the House in support of the resolu-
tion, and in reply to some of the opposing argu-
ments of Messrs. Cashing and Wise. Mr. H. in-
sisted that he had heard nothing calculated to
change the opinion wh'ch he fntertained in com-
mittee when he concurred originally in the resolu-
tion—namely, that the rule constituting this com-
mittee had become a dead letter, and that it oaght
to be abolished. He said the gentlemen who had
opposed the abolition of the commiit e, had pre-
sented so little in the way of argument, that what
they had lacked on that score they had made up in
denunciation.
If the attack of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. CdshingJ was energetic and spiiited, that
ot.tbe gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] was
more so. That gentleman [Mr. Wise] had given
to the House the fifteenth edition of hi? speeches
against this corrupt Adminisirat.on, and he (Mr.
H ) bad always listened to him with admiration.
Heretofore he [Mr. W.] had confined himself to
his political enemies, now he attacks his political
friends; and this committee are accused of fkulk-
ing, and having deceived their friends in lis
Home.
The hinge (said Mr. H.) on which the subject
seemed to turn, was, in the opinion of the two gen-
tlemen, that a new era had am ved in the subject
of investigation. The gentlemen had been long
members of the House, and the committee was of
longstanding. They had never taken any inte-
rest in it umil the present time, and seemed to
have acquired newborn zeal on the subject.
It seemed that a new era had arrived in the sub-
ject of investigation, now that the gentlemen had
discovered that there was a majority of their own
friends on the committee. But if they would in-
form them«elves of ihe true history of the commit-
tee, tncy would find that during the three sessions
of last C mgress there had also been a majority of
Opposition members on the comtniitee. There
were daring that Congress five Opposition members
to four of the Administration.
Under these circum. lances, he was surprised that
gentlemen had waited until now, before waking up
oa the subject of these investigations.
Mr. H. said the committee were unanimous
that their functions had ceased, and went into a
long argument, founded on the rule , to show that
the general powers belonging to that committee
also existed in the other coramittee,which had been
organized subsf quently. He showed that the spe-
cific powers of the Committee on Public Accounts
had been transferred to the Committees on the De-
partments. He could find no jurisdiction in that
committee which had not been transferred to those
six committees. This committee had n)t made a
report since the year 1822; but he did not claim
any exemption of performance of daties because
of the neglect of the committee to report heretofore;
bat being of opinion that they had no power to in-
vestigate, he thought it right and proper th t the
committee had reported the resolution. If it did no
other good, it would at least elicit an expression of
opinion by the House as to the powers of the com-
mittee, and by which he was understood to say the
committee would feel bound to abide, for the future
government of its action.
Mr. H. had not concluded when, the hour of one
having arrived, the Speaker announced the special
order of the day.
-   '                                          ■      .'■■«■■■■.«        ■     ■ -
On leave given, Mr. BIDDLE, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported a bill in re-
lation to the Red river raft, accompanied by an
adverse report; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Tne SPEAKER announced the select committee
in relation to stationery contracts to consist of the
following gentlemen:
Messrs. Burke of New Hampshire, Brigos of
Massachusetts, Leet of Pennsylvania, Wise of
Virginia, and Dawson of Georgia.
The SPEAKER laid before the House certain
depositions in relation to the New Jersey election;
which were referred to the Committee of Elections.
On leave given, Mr. BLACK presented a me-
morial from citizens of Savannah, in relation to
the construction of a custom-house at that place;
which was, on his motion, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Casey of Illinois in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year 1840.
Mr. WELLER being entit'ed to the floor on the
above bill, in the course of his remarks adverted to
the proposition to separate the banks from the
Government. He showed that the financial system
of the State of Ohio was somewhat similar in its
details to the Sub-treasury bill; and that it worked
very well. That not one dollar of ihe public mo-
ney could be touched, except by appropriation by
law. And he argued that if it worked so well in a
State Government, why could it not be adopted by
the Gene'al Government, and prove equally bene-
ficial?
Mr. EVERETT here rose to a point of order.
He wished to know whether it was proper for the
gentleman from Ohio to discuss the Sub-Treasury
bill.
The CHAIRMAN said he was compelled to de-
cide, although great latitude of debate had been
allowed, that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wel-
ler] was not in order.
Mr. STANLY moved that the gentleman have
leave to proceed.
Mr. CUSH1NG wished to know, before the gen-
tleman was allowed to proceed, whether it was the
decision of the Chair that the gentleman was out
of order.
Tne CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr. CUSHING said if it was to be the under-
standing, from the motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] that this latitude of
debate was to be allowed, and the rules were to be
thus violated, he had a speech upon ihe subject f f
the South American and China trade which he
wished to make, and woold give noiice, that he
should avail himself of an opportunity to make
it on this bill.
Mr. 8TANLY made some respe n*e to Mr.
Cushing, which was not distinctly understood.
Mr. CUSHING merely wished to know what
was the decision of the committee. If it should
determine that gentlemen were to proceed out of or-
der, he would be compelled to bow with submis-
sion, but should at the same time avail himself of
an opportunity to make the speech on the subject
in which he was interested.
The CHAIR reiterated that hitherto it had been
customary to permit gentlemen to indulge in a lati-
tud i no us course of debate on this bill; but, as ha
was called upon to decide, he must say that the
gentleman was not in order.
Mr. DAWSON proposed a compromise—that
the Chair would permit gentlemen to indulge in
some laUtude on this bill, though he was opposed
to it at the commencement, and that, when the
House should go into committee on other bills, that
gentlemen would then be confined to a discussion
of the subject before it.
Mr. REED, in all his experience, had never
known such latitude of discussion to be allowed.
He bad proposed to the House at some previous
time that all such discussions as had been indulged
in should be permitted on the PrewdVnfs message
But inasmuch as the House had refund his propo-
