CONGRESSIONAL GLOÍE.
359
noon for that purpose, he hoped that full latitude
Would be permitted.
Mr. LEET said that, with the consaot of the
gentleman from Ohio, (Mr. Willi ,] who was in-
dispose 1 on yesterday, he weald suegest that he
[Mr. W ] would defer making a tpeeeh beating on
the Independent Treasury bill, as it was important
that action should be taken on the bill which was
now under consideration. Another bill would
shortly be introduced, and then the gentleman could
present his views on tha Independent Treasury.
Mr. L suggested this course, from the considera-
tion that the House would take action on the civil
arid diplomatic appropriation bill to-day. He
made this suggestion, not out of anv disrespect, but
from a high concep'ion of his [Mr. W'a] patriotism,
knowledge of the fact?, and his sense ot propriety.
Mr. WELLER was understood to say, he was
willing to accede to the proposition of his friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Leet,] provided the com-
mittee was disposed to Uke the vote on the bill to-
day.
Mr STANLY again moved that the gentleman
from Ohio be permitted to proceed.
The question being put, it was decided in the af-
firmative.
Mr. WELLER proceeded, and after some time
he remarked, that as many gentlemen seemed anx-
ious to have final ac'ion on the bill before the
House, he would «ay, that if the committee would
t ike the vote on the bill to-day, he would defer his
remarks till some future occasion.
Mr. LEET remarked, that with the permission
of his honorable fnend from Ohio, [Mr. Weller,]
be would again most respectfully suggest, that it
was expedient, wise, and proper, that final action
fhould be bad on the bill now before the House.
Most of the items contained in it were in pursu-
ance of law, and could not be rejected No attack
against such items can be sustained. If they are
wrong, the laws au'honzing them should be re-
pealed.
He was pleased to hear his friend from Ohio
again say that he was willing this course should be
taken—it was creditable to him. The appropria-
tion bill, said Mr. L. ought to be passed. Much of
the money, he understood, was absolutely needed
by persons, to pay whose salaries it was in-
tended.
Mr. HOPKINS here rose to a point of order
Mr. LEET remarked that he was through, and
therefore no point of order need be made.
Mr. CHINN said he know the gentleman from
Pennsylvania was out of order; but the object was
so palpable, and so promotive of the public service,
that he was anxious that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Leet] should succeed. Hs hoped
no one would interpose further objection.
Mr. PROFF1T said he objected, and proceeded
to give his reasons why great latitude should be
given to this debate    Mr. P. having concluded,
Mr. WELLER then resumed, and concluded his
rennrks in favor of ihe Sab-Treasury bill, aad in
defence of the Administration, which will be given
hereafter.    He was fol'owed by
Mr BROWN of Mississippi, who spoke with
great animation, chiefly on the subject of banks;
opposing that ef the United StaU>°, and advocatin
the Sub-Treasury scheme; and in the course of his
remarks he pronounced a eulogium on the charac-
ter of Mr. Calhoun.
Mr. JENIFER inquired whether a certain ex-
tract which be read from the report of a speech
made by Mr. Brown while canvatsing before the
people in Mississippi, was corree*; in which be was
said to havedec'ared that if Mr. Van Buren should
to-morrow resolve to abandon the Sub-Treasury
scheme, Mr. B would no longer advocate 11 and,
also, whether Mr B had not been the advocate of
that system—the issue of post notes—the practical
result of which had almost rained Mississippi?
Mr. BROWN explained; admitted that he had
used the words imputed to brm, but said that the
report was garbled, and omitted other parts of his
speech which would put a different aspect on the de-
claration. He had only meant that as he was the
humblest member of bis patty, if those who were
it promineat leaders concluded to abandon the Sub-
Treasury ,*it would not be for him to assume on his
feeble shoul 'ers such a weight as that of so great
and important a measure: and he should, therefore,
cease to advocate it before the people.
As to voting in favor of the issue of post notes when
first propo e 1 by the Secretary of the Treasury, he
had been in favor of. it: but as lately practised by
the banks in Mississippi, he had been the leader of
tbo<e who opposed the measure.
Mr. EVERETT having obtained the floor for the
purpose of addressing the committee, without doing
so, yielded it to
Mr. REED, on whose  motion the committee   ,
rose; when                                                                 ¡
On motion of Mr. WISE,
The House adjourned.
mair
IN SENATE,
Monday, April 20,1840. '
DEATH OF HON. H. L. WHITE.
After the reading of the journal,
Mr. ANDERSON rose and said:
Mr. President: I rise to perform a very painful
duty; and adverting to the circumstance* in which
I last saw the distinguished individual of whom I
am about lo speak, it is exceedingly unexpected to
me. I received, sir, this morning, a few mo-
ments before I took my seat in this chamber, a let-
ter from a Iriend at Knoxville, announcing the
death of Judge Write, and although we had re-
cent intelligence of ha enfeebled health, I had still
hoped that it mkht be restored, and hs life pro-
tracted far beyond the present hour.
In rising, Mr, to move the adoption of the resolu-
tions which I shall submit to the Senate upon this
occasion, in relation to this distinguished man, it is
not improper to recite briefly a few of the leading
facts of his bistory.
In doing this, it is not inappropriate to remark
that he was a member of this body during the early
part of this session, and has often received here the
honored distinction of presiding over jts delibera-
tions, and the proceeding which I propose, I am in-
formed by some of the more experienced members
of the Senate, is within the analogy of those rules
under which we offer respect and courtesy to the
memory of our departed associates. I am sure, sir,
there is not one of all by whom I am surrounded,
who will not, under the circumstances, most cheer-
fully extend the tribute of regard to his character.
He emigrated at an early day to Tennessee,
wh'leyet a youth, and settled near to the very town
in which his remains are now deposited. He was
the descendant of a father who had participated in the
patriotic struggles of our Revolutionary war, and
who, in transferring his residence to Tennessee,
brought with him the Spirit of enterprise and love
of country necessary to the settlement of a perikus
frontier. He received a classical edncatioa, and
soon turned his attention to the study of the law,
and at once engaged with ardor and success in the
pursuits of that profession. His a«soci ate , from his
youtfi up to the period when he had entered uppn
the duties of manhood, entertained f r him the
kindest and most sincere personal attachment, and
were gratified at tne rapid progress which he made
in the confidence and favor ot the public, in every
thing which pertained to the duties of bis profession.
He was several urnes elected to the Legislature,
and twice, I believe, sir, placed upon the Supreme
bench of the Slate. In all these stations he filled
the measure of private and of public expectation. 4
His mind was clear and vigorous, and took within
its range a vivid perception of the peculiar duties
which belonged to each pos tion. Subsequently to
fhis, he received a high mark of the confidence of our
Government by his appointment as a commissioner
under a very important treaty. The fide'ity and
ability with which he executed that trust are Well
known to those who conferred it, and to those who
felt, or in any way participated in its action.
It was afier this that he was transferred to the
higher distinction of a seat in this body; and I am
now surrounded by those who have served wiih
him here, and who can fully appreciate his private
and public worth. In all the personal relations of
his life, at heme and abroad, he stood upon elevated
ground. His private character was without re-
proach; and I feel confident that every Senator will
concur m this tnbute to his memory.   He now has
buried, sir, in the country of hi  adoption} and I
trust that we will pass unanimously the 1 «solutions
which I now submit.
Mr. A. t^ien sent to the table the following resolta]
tionst
Raolved unanintmsly, That the members of the
Senate, from a sincere desire of showing every
mark of respect due to the memory of the Hon.
Hugh L White, late a member thereof, will go
into mournimr for him one month, by the usual
mode of wearing crape on the left arm.
Retohed unnntmoujiy, That, as an additional
mark of respect for the memory of the Hon. Huoh
L. White, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. PREST ON said: I do not know, Mr. Pre-
sident, whether I am emitted to the honor I am
about to assume in seconding the resolutions which
have just been offered by the Senator from Ten-
nessee, in honor of his late distinguished colleague;
and yet, sir, I am not aware that any one present is
more entitled to this melancholy honor, if it belongs
to )ongacq>iaintanre, to sincere admiration, and to
intimate in ercourse. It these circumstances do not
en'iile me to speak, I am sure every Senator will
feel, in the emotions which swell his own bosom,
an apolosy for my desire to relieve my own, by
bearing testimony to the virtues and talents, the
lona services and great userulness, of Judge White.
My infancy and youth were1 spent in a region
contiguous to the sphere of his earlier fame and
usefulness As long as I can remember any thing,
I remember the deep confiden-e he had inspired
as a wi«e and upright Judge, in which
station no man ever enjoyed a purer repu-
tation, or established a more implicit «cu-
anee in his abilmes and honesty. There was
an antique sternness and justness in his charac-
ter. By a general consent he was called Cato.
Subsequently, a' a period of our public affairs
very analogus to the present, he occupied a posi-
tion which placed hi in at ihe head of the financial
institution^ of East Tennessee. He sustained
them by his individual character. The name of
Hugh L White was a guarantee that never
failed to attract confidence. Institutions were sus-
tained by the credit of an individual, and the
only wealth of that individual was his charac-
ter. From this more limited sphere of usefulness
and reputation, he was first brought to this more
conspicuous staje as a member of an tmpo; tan t
commission on the Spanish treaty, in which he was
a-soented with Mr. Tazewell and Mr. King. His
learning, his ability, his firmness, and industry,
immediately extended the sphere of his repu-
tation to the boundaries of the country. Upon
the completion of that duty, he came into this
Senate. Of his career here, I need not speak.
His grave and venerable form is even now
before us—that a r of pat ent attention, of grave
deliberation, of uhrelaxed firmness. Here his po-
sition was of the highest—beloved, respected, ho-
nored; always in his* place—always prepared for
the business in hand—always bringing to it the
treasured reflections of a sedate and vigorous un-
derstanding. Over one department of our delibe-
rations he exercised a very peculiar control. la
ths management of our complex and difficult rela-
tions with the Indians we all deferred to him, and
t > this he addressed himself with unsparing labor,
and with a wisdom a patient benevolence that
justified and vindicated the confidence of the Se-
nate
In private life he was amiable and ardent. The
current of his. feelings Was warm and strong. Hia
long familiarity with public affairs had not damped
the natural ardor of his temperament. We all re-
member the deep feeling with which he so recently
took leave of this body, and how profoundlv that
feelinz was reciprocated. The good will, the love,
the respect which we bestowed upon him then, now
give depth and energy to the mournful feelings
with which we offer a solemn tribute to his memory.
The resolutions were ihen unanimously adopts*
And the Senate adjourned*            .                    •
HOUSE OF REPRESENTA*   ,
Monday, April 80, la*fc^
The CHAIRNaj «Meé-th^,^^íDnin^*
in order during tto memiof bw, "*** tb« motlOB
