340
—.• . . ■■ *——,------------1   ii   ■--------------------.---------1-------------------.....   .■  . ■ -—'
of the genüeman fro  Ohio, [Mr. Swbncy,] to re-
consider >h* v«te refusing leave to the gentleman
from Kentucky fMr. Davis] to report a bill pro-
poexag to regálate the fees of the clerks, marcháis,
and attorney  in the District {Coarte of the United
Slates.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky suggested, that
as neither of the gentlemen was in, that the ques-
tion be informally passed over until thry were pre-
sent; which suggestion was acquiesced in by the
House.
Mr. WISE remarked that he perceived by the
papen that he had been appointed on the «elect
Committee in relation to the official conduct of the
Cixrk of the Hou e. He said he did not wish to
avoid any of the duties devolving opon him as a
Representative, but must ask to be excused from
servil g on that committee. If continued on that
committee, however, he would discharge hs doty
faithfully. The probability was, that on the report
of the committee, there would be a debate on its
proceedings, and it would require some effort on
his part to support any views which he might sub-
mit in the form of a report. He had been posi-
tively forbidden by h.s physician to indulge in de-
bate, and found that he must desist. He had last
week participated in debate, which bad resulted to
Us injury. He (Mr. W.) had a disease of the throat,
which compelled him to be silent, and he would
try to be silent hereafter. Besides, be would shortly
be absent from the city. He again asked to be ex-
cused from sirring oa the committee. A gentle-
man in this House, a physician, whohal been op-
posed to bim in politics, bad told aim (Mr. W.)
taut he must avoid the business of the House. He
therefore asked to be excused; which r< quest was
grained.
Mr. BANKS, on leave, introduced further evi-
dence la relation to a certain claim pending before
the Committee of Ways and Means, which was
referred to that committee.
Mr. DAWSON also asked to be excused from
serving, on the Select Committee. He was a mem-
ber of the Committee of Claims, which rendered it
almost impracticable for him to do so. Were it
apt for Q her duties, he would discharge his duty
on the Select Committee with great pleasure. He
was, however, excused by the rules; but thought it
proper to notify the House that he could not serve.
Mr. LEET said  if the gentleman from Georgia
asked to be excused, he should feel himself bound
to do likewise. He admitted there was great pro-
priety in excusing the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Wisx,] as he was sick; but as the gentleman
from Georgia bad no such excuse, he saw no rea-
son for- extending- the indulgence to him. It was
well known that the duties to he performed on the
committee would necessarily be of an arduous and
Unpleasant sature. He hoped the gentleman wruld
consent to go ¡through with his labors; but if he re-
sisted in his request to ha excused, he, Mr. L. must
ask to be excused also, as be saw no reason why
one gentleman should be exempted in preference
to another.
The CHAIR wished to know if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania submitted any motion.
Mr. LEET said, he did not intend to make any
morion, but merely rose for the purpose of suggest-
ing to toe gentleman from Georgia the propriety of
wirMraw/ngliis request.
Mr. CROSS asked leave to submit a resolution,
which was read for information, as follows:
JaWterf, That members be authorized to hand
to die Cura*, at the Clerk'* table, such petitions
«a are admissible by the rules of the House, first
endorsing thereon their names, and'the name of the
committee to which such petitions belong; and
that the petitions so handed in be entered by the
Ctsax in the same manner aa if presented in the
usual form; but all petitions subject to the opera-
tiou of the resolution of the House adopted on the
subject «f petitions touching the abolition of sit-
*ery  shall take the course prescribed by that reso-
lution.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS objected.
Mr.. WISE suggested  (hat alt petition  of a
doubtful character, under the rale of the House,
aright b* Jeff for in* decision of the Sra***a.   He
honed the gemleman from North Carol.na would
wi'hdraw hi* objection.
Mr. CROSS said that a precedent for his motion
was to be found on the journals of 1835, and felt
constrained, under a sense of duty, to move for a
suspension of the tules.
Mr. SMITH of Maine referred to a similar pre-
cedent in 1839.
The question was taken, and the rules were sus-
pended—yeas 95, nays 42.
Mr. ADAMS having risen for the parpóse of
making some remarks on the resolution, he yielded,
when
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsidtr the vote on
suspending the rules.
Mr. BANKS, being of opinion that no good
conld arise from a discussion, moved the previous
question on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. AD*MS claimed the floor to offer his
amendment, observing that the resolution worked a
very important change in the rules of the House,
esprcially by empowering each member to decide,
instead of the House, to what committee a memo-
rial should be referred.
Mr. BANKS insisted on his motion; when
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS moved to lay the re-
solution on the table, which was carried by yeas
and nays as follows: Veas 96, nays 84.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
The moruiag hour having expired—
The House went again into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Caset, of
Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. EVERETT addressed the committee for a
considerable t me upon the bill, advening to the
change in the practice of the House as to the gene-
ral debate on the affairs of the Union, which used
always to take place on a reference of the Presi-
dent's message, but was now irregularly indulged
on other bills. He laid the blame of the discursive
character of the dt bate on the Administration side
of the House, which had first begun it, bat consi-
dered the debate, though not strictly regular, very
valuable and important. He then went into the
merits of the bill, and instituted a comparison of
the expenditures of the Government in different
) ear*.
Mr. KEIM followed, and, after some preliminary
remarks, in which he contended that the existence
of the Committee on Public Buildings was no
longer necessary, proceeded to give his views in
relation to the public buildings of this city. He
said it would be remembered, that when,-ai the
last Congas, an appropriation was a<ke<1 for the
purpose of remoring the Treasury building, ow-
ing to its having been located on an improper site,
he had oppased it on the ground that the expense
of removal would equal the amount then ex-
pended in its construction. It was, however, in
vain that the architect had told them it would re-
semble the temple at Ephcsus, and that it had all
the qualities of the Grecian oider, for he (Mr. K)
was satisfied that the building was not proper for
the accommodation of the clerks. It was not a fit
abode for men, but better calculated for the wor-
ship of the gods of whose temple it was said te
be an imitation. In fact, the public buildings
were like the committee rooms of the Capi'ot,
which, for inconvenience and nnhealthiness, could
^not be excelled. Alter adverting to the various
appropriations expended on the Treasury building
and Patent Office, he gave hi¿ opinion that it would
be better now for Congress to make a final, but
adequae, appropriation for their completion, and
arrange it so that some one should be held respon-
sible for the proper expenditure of the money.
Mr. K. then replied to some of the charges made
by his colleague [Mr. Ogle] in his recentspetch on
the alleged abuses of the Administration. Mr. K.
said be had not originally intended noticing them,
as he considered it the duty of at least one portion
qf the House to remain silent, as a set off to the
f reat amount of time consumed by others.
In the course of his remarks, (which will be
given more fully hereafter,) Mr. K. alluded to the
charges made by his colleague in relation to the
furniture ef the President's House.   He said he
would envy the feelings of no man, who would,
like a serpent, creep on his belly into the Presi-
dent's dwelling to see if he could not, by chance,
discover some little article of convenience that
did not exactly accord with his views of propriety.
He could not envy the feelings of the man, whose
magnanimous soul would lead him perhaps into the
very bsd chamber, to discover if, perchance, there
was a single yard more of cloth in the pillow case
than he might deem consistent with the strict prin-
ciples of Democracy.
Mr. K. also alluded to another charge in rela-
tion to the aristocracy of the President, and his rid-
ing in a coach and four. He said, for his part,
he knew of no coach and four; but he knew that
when the President, in his late tour, passed through
Pennsylvania, the vehicle in which be travelled
was looked upon by the country people with sur-
prise, as being too humble even for themselves.
Mr. K. .«aid, that while the President was sitting
in a common tavern, an old Dutchman came in
* and said to him (Mr. K.) in his teutonic dialect,
"Where is that great man," al hough he was sitting
next to the President at the very time.
On the question being asked, "Why, do you not
know him?" the old man answered, "No;" and
was surprised when he learned Mr. Van Buren was
the person beside him. The old countryman said
he expected to see a man proud and overbearing,
and one who had outriders to his carriage.
Mr. K. then went on to say, that although this
charge of aristocracy was not true with regard to
the President, yet he could mention an instance
where a former President had travelled through
Pennsylvania in a coach and four, with outriders.
That was the elder Adams. Yes, he did travel in
the manner wrongly impu'ed to Mr. Van Buren;
and when the Carriage of President Adams was
dashing along the turnnjke read, because an old
man did not call in his dog, one of the outriders
shot the poor animal.
Mr. K. also neticed the attack made by his col-
league on the sons of the President. He thought
that at least the gentleman might have spared hi mi
self that tronble, as whatever might have been the
sins of the father, the sons ought not to be held
amenable. He would suggest, however, that his
colleague should have them shut up in a crib, or a
"log cabin, with the string of the latch pulled in-
side," to k«ep them from mischief; also, that a
"committee" should bs appointed to watch over
them, and protect them from annoyance.
Mr. K. then adverted to the charge made by bis
colleague in relation to Mr. Buchanan, viz: that
he bad opposed the war. He (Mr. K.) denied it
That Senator never opposed the war, but, on the
contrary, there was abundant evidence to prove
that he went out to meet the enemy, and was en-
camped on the frontiers of the Slate.
The CHAIRMAN gave the floor tó Mr. Eve-
rett, to enable h m to present certain additional
items in the comparison of expenditures. After
which,
Mr. OGLE appealed to Mr. Parmintir to
yield the floor to him, to enable him to reply to Mr.
Keim.
Mr. PARMENTER was willing, be said, to
yield the floor, if he could be assured that the gen-
tleman would confine his remarks to a personal ex-
planation, and not enter into any extended reply to
the argument of Mr. Kxim.
Mr. OGLE said his reply would cover the
ground of the attack, but that he should not go be-
yond it.
Mr. PARMENTER replied at some length ia
refutation of the charges of the Opposition against
the President and the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Whig party, notwithstanding all their charges,
and the severe scrutiny of the conduct of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, have never b en able to dis-
cover a want of capacity in that officer. But the
charges which had been heretofore confined to the,
President and the Secretary, are now, to a conside-
rable degree, transferred to the postmaster Gene-
rat; and after all their attacks on him, trtry one
admits that he is an officer of consummate ability,
and of great research and industry. Mr. P. the i
replied to the arguments of Mr. Cushino in relatio
to the national expenditures, and proved that th
