Congressional glose.
Mt
create in the expenditures.   Before concluding, he
yielded the floor to
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama, on whose mo-
tion the committee rose; when,
On motion ot Mr. GRINNELL,
The House (at half-past 11 o'clock at night) ad-
journed.                               ■
IN SENATE,
Weonesdat, April 22, 1840.
Mr. LUMPKIN presented a petition of citizens
of Walker county, Georgia, and the adjoining
counties, praying foi the establishment of a post
route; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of Louisiana, in favor of a gene-
ral baokrupt law; which were referred to the Com-
mitte e on the Judiciary, and ordeed to be printed.
Mr. WALL presented a petition from citizens
of New Jersey, praying the establishment of a
general bankrupt law; which was laid on the table.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which have been referred the various
memorials on the subject of a general bankrupt
law, reported a bill to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States.
Mr. C. said it might be proper for him to state
that there had been much diver?ity of opinion on
the subject in the committee. A majority thought,
indeed he might say they all thought, that some
immediate relief should be provided for all those
persons who have already, by the misfortune of
trade, or by other means, failed in business, and
become unable to meet their engagements, and to
day their debts, and who are willing to make a
full and fair surrender of their property for the
benefit of their creditors; and not on'y for those
who are at present laboring under this misfortune,
but for all those who may hereafter be in a similar
situation, and «ho may choose voluntarily to sur-
render their property, and ava'l themselves of the
relief proposed. The bill now reported only pro-
vides for the case of voluntary bankruptcy. If
passed, it will give a great, an almost immeasura-
ble relief to thousands. It will emancipate from a
species of bondage a vast numter of active, intel-
ligent, and enterprising men, who are now
struggling against hope, with spirits worn down
and energies paralyzed. It is not they only
who are interested in the ma'ter; the country has
an interest in their activity, and industry, and ta-
lents, that they may be again set free to add to iis
general wealth and pro perity. These views ope-
rating with a majority of the committee, they
thought it would be best to present this bill for the
consideration of the Senate as unencumbered and
unc < gsed by any other matter; that it should stand
or fall by its own merit , and that it should not be
entangled with other measures not essentially con-
neced with i, and which might bring on a heated
and angry party discussion, in which the merits of
the reliet now proposed might be lost sight of amid
the more exciting and questionable matters impro-
perly connected with n. The minority would not
consent that this bill should be reponed, unless it
provided for the case of the compulsory bankrupt-
cy of individuals, and also for the bankruptcy of
corporations. As a compromise, the majority of
the committee proposed that three bills should be
reported, providing separately for the three classes
of cases which the committee had under considera-
tion, viz: 1, for the case of voluntary bankruptcy;
2, for the involuntary bankruptcy of individuals;
and 3, for the case of corpora'iens; leaving each
member of the committee to vote on each bill in
the Senate as he chose. The majority thought that
this was the most fair method of proceeding, as
each class would be debated, and voted for or
against upon its own merits. This proposition was
declined by the minority—th«y insisting on includ-
ing corporations in any bill which might be re-
ported. It is bat just to sty thit, at the last meet-
ing of ihe committee, when the r ropositton was
finally rejected, the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Stranok] was not prssent; but at a previous
meeting he uraeJ the propriety of inserting corpo-
rations in the bill.
Mr, C. said it might further be proper to state
that two of the members of the n.ajority were not
inclined at present to go farther than the present
bill goes. He (Mr. C ) was not ot that number;
as he considered it the duty of Congress to pass a
general bankrupt law, which should be equally fa-
vorable to the creditor as the debtor; by which cre-
ditors, seeing their debtor fraudulently disposing of
and wasting his effects, could compel him to sur-
render them in payment of his debts. Such a law
in a trading community was essentially necessary
to us prosperity. In part discharge of the daty as-
signed to the the Committee on the Judicary, he
now reported the bill, reserving to the committee to
consider whether they will report further on the
subject
Mr. WALL, after a few remarks that were not
heard, observed that the minority of the committee
dissented from that bill. They could not consent
to report, as a uniform rule of bankruptcy, a sys-
tem which applied itself altogether to debtors, and
not to creditors—which applied to natural persons,
and not to artificial. Nor cou'd they conceive how
the complication of the three branches of the sub-
jpct, as mentioned by the Senator from Delaware,
ci'Uld produce any party excitement, or retard the
progress of a measure which seemed to be so loudly
ca'led for by the country. With a view to present
to the Senate the labors of ihe minority of the
committee, he gave notice that he should move,
when this bill was called up, to strike out all of it
after the enacting clause, and to insert, in lieu of
it, a bill which he now had the honor to subm't,
and move that it should be printed.
Mr. KING wished to know whether the bill re-
ported by the honorable Senator from Delaware
was predicated on the bills introduced by the Sena-
tors from Massachusetts and New York, [Messrs.
Webster and Tallmadge.] and which had been
referred to the Judiciary Committee, or upon ihe
memorials which had been presented on the sub-
ject, and also referred to them.
Mr. CLAYTON replied that the two bills re-
ferred to by the Senator from Alabama had already
been reported back to the Sena'e more than a we*k
agí. The bill ju*t reported *as predicated on the
various memorials on the subject that had been re-
ferred to the committee.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky begged leave to suggest
to the members of the Judiciary Commite;,
charged with this subject, whether it would not be
better to make the bill the order of the day for
some convenient day, so as to let all the Senators
present, as well as absent, know when it would be
taken op for consideration. Whilst up, he would
take occasion to express his hearty concurrence
with the course the committee pursued. There
were three dis'inct subjects which the commi'tee
mentioned as properly appertaining to a general
system of bankruptcy. Those were volun'ary
bankruptcy, where the debtor himself shoul I apply
for relief; invoiuntary bankruptcy, wh<re the cre-
ditors should apply for a settlement of their deb'or's
affairs; and, lastly, \ht bankruptcy of corporations.
Now th'se three subjects were certainly separa e
and dit>t net in their nature, and mipht be
well considered in thtea separate and dis-
tinct bills. It must be concurred by the Senate
that the voluntary class would embrace a vast ma-
jority of the cases, and that the bill on that branch
of the subject would afford the greatest measure of
relief to the country. He would not, however,
pursue this subject, having risen on'y for the pur-
pose of suggesting to the members of the Judiciary
Committee the expediency of assigning some con-
venient day for the consideration of this b II.
Mr. WALL said, that the committee had re-
flected on this subject, and were disponed to ask
the Senate that the bill might be made the order
of the day for next Monday week; but on further
reflection, on account of the absence of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wkbster,] and the
Senator from New Yorl?, [Mr. Tallmadge,] ihey
had concluded not to move to make the bill a spe-
cial order, until the arrival of these gentlemen.
On motion by Mr. GRUNDY, the bill to amend
the act, entitled "An act to authorize ihe State of
Tennessee to issue grants and perfect titles to cer-
tain lands therein described, and to settle the claims
to the vacant and unappropriated land within the
same," passed the 18th day of April, 1806, was
taken up as in Gommittee of the Whole, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion bv Mr. LUMPKIN,
• The bill for ihe relief of Avery, Saltmar^h and
Company, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and after a deba'e, in which the bill was
supported by Messrs. LUMPKIN, CLAY of Ala-
bama, and KING, and opposed by Messis. HUB-
BARD, TAPPAN, and CALHOUN, it was or-\
dered to be engrossed by a vote of 16 to 13.
DUTIES AND DRAWBACKS ON SUGAR, SALT, AND
MOLASSES: REPEAL OF THE SALT TAX AND OF
THE FISHING BOUNTIES AND ALLOWANCES.
The bill to reduce the drawbacks on refined su-
gars and distilled rum exported, in proportion to
the reductions of duty on the imported sngar and
molasses cut of which they were manufactured,
and to reduce the fishing b. unties and allowances
in proportion to the reduction of the sa't duty on
which they were founded, being the special order,
was taken up, and, having been read—
Mr. BENTON rose and said, that the object of
the b II was to correct the errors of p'evious legis*
la'ion, and especially of the compromise act of
1833; errors by which the Constitution was under-
going a daily violation—the Treasury was suffer-
ing a daily loss of money unjustly drawn from it—
and the end of which woald be, if not arrested, to
turn over the whole amount of the revenue from
sugar, salt, and molasses, to the rum distillers, the
suear refiner , and the Northeastern fishermen.
Mr. B. said that when the compromise act was
on its gallop through this chamber—that act which
adj turned the tariff question to the year 1842—ad-
journed it from a time u hen it was ready for set-
thment, to a time when no one will be thinking of
it—to a time when the South e-pecially will be
sound asleep upon the subject; when that act was
on its gallop through this chamber, he had endea-
vored to prevent the evils which it was the object
of this bill to arrest; and for that purpose had
offered an amendment, which, not coming from
one of the contiacting parties to the compromise,
was not allowed to be adopted. That amendment
was in these words:
" That all drawbacks allowed on the exportation
of articles manufactured in the United States, from
materials imported from foreign countries, and
subject to daty, shall be reduced in propor.ion to
the reduction of duties provided for in this act "
Such was the amendment which he offered.
It was self-evidently just and proper; it was light
and proper on its own face; yet it was rejected,
and notoriously rejre'ed, because the bill had been
arranged out of doors, and was not to be amended
in the Hi use except upon the consent of its au-
thors. The vote of rejection was 24 to 18; and
I am perfectly aware that what was difficult to be
done then is more difficult now; that those who
have profited by our erroneous legislation, and still
wish to profit from it, constitute a powerful ob-
stacle to our legislation; that an immense specula-
tion is in progress, founded on these errors in our
legislation; and the doctrine of vested rights now
seems to extend to a'l the errors and mistakes, as
well as to all the abuses, of legislation. The su-
gar refiners—the rum distillers—the Northeastern
fiíherm n—stand together to defend the advantages
they have gamed. Not content with ihe vast
sums which they have already unduly obtained
from eur Treasury, the fruit of our vicious legisla-
la'ion, they become more insatiate in proportion td
the amount they have received, and now boldly rt-
s st, as an invasion of their right?, any attempt to
correct onr own errors: and ihese refiners attack
with abuse and peisonaltties the member of Con-
gress who ventures to do hi^ duty to his country,
and to attempt the rediess of a public wrong.
The abuse of the sngar drawback commenced in
1829. It commenced in the act of January of mat
year, wh ch increased the drawback fnm foaf
cents to five cmts a pound. I opro^ed that it-
crease at the time, and foretold its injurious effect
on our Treasury, and on our domestic sugar. I
then foretold that that increase of drawback would
vastly augment the importation of foreign sugars,
to the prejudice of our own; that it would dvcon-
rage the nse of our domestic sugar for refining; that
