CONGRESSIONAL OLOBÉ.
M
a cent beyond ihe amount they pay in. The whale
point of my speech was to show that they received
more than they paid; this they do not deny, and
cannot deny. No man upon earth can deny it.
Whether they now recede the whole amount of
the sugar revenue, which they do nut, or shall  •
receive it after 1842, which they will, is perfectly
immaterial to the point of ihe debate, or the cha-
racter of the bill, or the necessity of passing it.
And here I will make the remark, that
these refiners, by taking the trouble to show
tía* error in my speech, and showing
none bat this, admit the correctness of the
remainder. They admit the enormous increase
in the amount which they draw from the Trea-
sury, and which has risen from (42,000 to $251,000
in fire years. Tbey admit thai they receive more
than tbey pay—that they draw back out of the
Treasury more than they put into it—and this is
the sole point in the case. It is the sole question
upon which the passage of this bill should depend.
Thus by attacking an immaterial part oi my
speech, and leaving the material parts unanswered,
they admit the truth of all that is material. And
mare: by attacking this statement, which I had my-
self long since corrected—by attacking this, and
leaving unnoticed the letter of the deputy collector
of Philadelphia, they admit all his most esseniial
statements in relation to bastard sugars, crushed
sugars, increasing drawbacks, excess of drawbacks
over duties, and the false basis of two and a half,
or even two and a quarter, pounds of brown sugar
to make one pound of refined. All this they ad-
mit by not denying it, while denykg an immaterial
statement, erroneous only as to time.
So much for the sosar drawbacks; now for the
mm and molasses. Un ihs bead I will be brief,
because the question is less complex, and also less
in amount than mat of ihe sugar drawback, and
derives its abuse from only one law. No act pre-
vious to the compromise gave any undue advan-
tage to the rum distiller; ii is that act alone which,
by reducing the duty on molasses, wihout reducing
it on the rum distilled from it and exported; it is
this act which does all the mischief in this ca<e; and
its effect will be seen in the rapid increase of the
qaantity of rum exported, and the amoont of draw-
back paid, since the act began to operate largely
upon the reduction oc duty. In the latt four years
these quantities and amoun's stand thus:
Years.              Gallon  exported.            Drawback paid.
1836                    75,271                    fl,010
1837                  116.588                     4,663
1838                  214,742                     8 539
1839                  356,699                    14,267
Soch are the results in four^ears under the ri-
mnlating bounty ot the compromise act. An in-
crease of four fold in lour yeas! An annual ave-
rage increase of more than one hundred per cen-
tum in four years of great embarrassment and
much general decline in other business. Surely
the rum distillers have not felt the distress of the
times; surely they ought not to j >in distress meet-
ings, and sign panic petitions; nor cheer the ora-
tions of alarm orators. An iuerease of fourfold in
four years is a fine improvement in any business,
«ad in the best of times; in the present time it is
wonderful; but it is only a foretaste of what is to
come. With the rum distillers, as with the sugar
refiners, the harvest is still ahead! The years
1841 and 1642 are to be the glorious era of the
ram business. Then the molasses duty will go
down to lee than one cent on the gallon; the draw-
back will remain at four cents; a ga Ln of one
will make near a gallon of the other; and if the hard
limes continue, and the banks choose to sink the
pnce ot corn and rye a little lowtr, then the whole
drawback can be cleared by substituiing whiskey
for molasses in the ram distillery. This is what
can be done, and prjbably w,ll be done; for the
temptation will be too great to be resisted. But, take
it either way, and the effect will be about the same
to the Treasury. The reduction of the molasses
duty in 1841 and 1842, to almost nothinz, whrle
the drawback on rum remains at four cents a
gallon, musut mula-e the uportati >n cf rum, and
increase the total drawback to an am >unt above
the total revenue derived (rom molasses. Then
«ill be seen the same s,iectacle in the case ef mo-
lasses, which will be seen in the case of sugar—a
whole nation taxed for the benefit of a few indi-
viduals ! The molasses revenue will net be suf-
ficient, after 1842, to pay the drawback founded
upon it. Seventeen millions of people will then be
taxed on their molasses for the benefit of some
hundred rum distillers; and this the effect of a law
which was not allowed to be amended when on
its passage through this chamber; and which now,
claiming a pre-eminence over all otherlaws, and
setting up a title to sanctity, is called sacred «nd in-
vioUAU, and not to be touched by the hand of legis-
lation !
Mr. B. proceeded to the third clause in the bill,
that which related to the reduction of the fb-hmg
bounties aod allowances; and said that he was
here m-t by a preliminary question—by a question
of fact—whether the fishing bounties and allow-
ances were founded upon the salt duties, and
ought to rise and fail with the increase or reduction
of that duty" I am met, said Mr. B- by ins
question; and having been met by it, I deemed it
my dnty to apply to the Senate for a comm.ttce to
examine the laws and documents which apply to
it, and to make a report upon the whole subject
to the Senate. That committee has obeyed the or-
der of the Senate: it has discharged i s duty. It has
made a report going back to the year 1789, and trac-
ing the question through all its changes and bearings
from that day to this; and have demonstrated, as
they believe, that the fishing bounties and allow-
ances rest upon <he salt duty, and nothing but the
salt duty; that they are the commutation and equi-
valent for the drawback of the duty paid on the
salt used in curing that part of the cod and mac-
kerel fish which are exported to loreign countries;
and, consequently, ought to be reduced in p opor-
Iioh to the reduction oi the duties on salt. In sup-
port cf i his opinion, the committee have collected
a ma*s of laws and facts which I hold to be con-
clusive and irresistible. Their report has been
primed, and lies on the tab'ts of members; and, un-
til its doctrines are impugned or controverted, I
deem it unnecessary, in this chamber, to repeat or
enforce them. Referí idg Senators th°n to the legal
and documentary history of these bounties and al-
lowance-, as traced in that report from the year
1789, and relying upon its evidence to carry con-
viction to the minds of all who shall rrad it, I pais
to some opinions on the subject which have fal'en
into my hands since it was written—which weie
written cotemporaneously with the report,ami which
are entitled to peculiar we'ght because they come
from an important city in the fwhing district, and
where the reduction of these bounties and allowances
are made a subject of much contes'ation. I speak
of the New Hampshire Gazette, and the erli onal
article wb ch it contains under date of the 9 h inst.
The paper itself is the oldest Democratic paper in
the State; us editor, Mr. Greenleaf, isa gentleman
of great candor aod intelligence; and his opinions
and conclusions, written simultaneously with the
committee's report, and at the uV'ance of five hun-
dred miles from this city, ate precisely the same
which the committee have pres nted. After siy-
ing something in relation to the excitement endea-
vored to be got np against Dr. Moriarty, the sur-
veyor of the port at Gloucester, Mass for ro-ne
communication in relation to the fisheries, he say.*:
"We know nothing of Dr. Moriarty'  opinions in relation to
the repeal of the salt tax, and the system or bounties and al-
lowances; but in our humble opinion all Democrats ought to
be in favor of this repeal Whatever other arguments may
have been used in the original adoption of the bounty system—
whatever may have been urged in Ha favor in regard to the
usefulness of the fisheries, and their forming a nursery for sea
men—it la manifestly founded on the salt duty; and but for the
consideration that the fisheries were the gr.at source of reve-
mi  derived from the salt tax, the bounty system could never
have been established.     The very conditions annexed to this
bounty, establish this fact beyond dispute......jf
the bounty rested on considerations in «pendent of the salt
duty, and these consti eralions were the eneouraeement of the
fisheries, on the principle that they form a nursery for seamen,
to be transferred to our navy, why was it not extended to mer-
chantmen on foreign voyages? Ana" why not to the hardy
sailor on every branch of trade throughout our exteniivp sea-
roast? Are not these, also, nurseries for seamen even more ex-
tensive than those of our fisheries, which, in rase ol war, may
be transferred to our navy? And why not pamper the farmer,
also, with a system of bounties, wrio rears up in the field the
moat hardy and efficient race of men to fill the ranks of our
armies?   *.....We protest against the injustn-e
of bestowing bounties in the absence of any sort of tax
to be pleaded as an offset: and we, in like manner,
protest   again     continuing  a  tax,   not   needed,   an   *■
article indispensable to the whole community, for the special
purpose of perp mating a system ol bounties to One clue,
which is confessedly, by the operation of the redaction of the ta
riff, under the compromise act, very shortly to prove greater
than the tax itself......By the operation of the
compromise act, (of which Mr Clay has claimed the paterni-
ty,) the Treasury is now suffering under a system of bounties,
drawbacks, and protections, which, if not already the case,
must shortly prove a drain upon the Treasury gteater than will
be counterbalanced by the duties paid No provision was
made for a corresponding reduction in drawbacks, bounties,
and allowances, in that act for the gradual reduction of the ta-
riff The Government, therefore, has been obliged t  pay these
in the same manner as when the highest rate of duties existed,
while the tariff of duties has suffered an annual reduction often
per centum on all the excess above twenty per centum on the
value * * * ' * But the time has come when this sub-
ject should be probed to the bottom. The system of bountiea
should rest on its true foundation, to wit- the tax; and If itxan-
notbe abolished at a period when, by a reduction of the duties,
the bounties bid fair to exceed the amount of the tax, we may
indeed despair of the Republic, and give it up as a prey to
a ravenous system of exclusive monopolies, bounties, and pro-
tection "
Such are the sentiments (continued ]Mr. B ) of
an enlijbtend and patriotic edi'or, living in a town
which is vt>elf a seat of the fisheries, and where
twenty thousand dollars of annual bounty are paid.
His sentiments are as just as •h-y are disinterested,
and will become the unanimous sentiment of the
country. Truth isp >wer(ul, and will prevail. Ar-
guments to the judsm-nt, and to the moral sense,
of an enlightene I community, never fail of their
effect. They soon put to flight the arguments ad-
dressed to ignorance, to cupidity, and to faction.
And here I sha 1 drop this branch of the argument,
barely remarking that my colleague on the Select
Committee on the Fisheries, [Mr. Anderson of
Tennessee.] will reply to the arguments of the Se-
nator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] contained
in h's minority report; and that, at a convenient
season, I will alto say something in reply to it. At
this time, as that gentleman is not present, we will
not say a word in relat-on to his report.
I now proceed to show the injury to the Treasury
already sustained from tbe fai uie of ihe laws to
reduce the bounties and allowances to the fisherii s
in proportion to the reductions of the salt duty on
which they are founded. These reductions of du'y
beean in the year 1830, and were, for that year, a
reduction ol 5 cjnts on ihe bushel, or a reduction
of one-fourth; for the year 1831, the reduction was
10 rent«, or the one-half; since the compromise1 act
of 1833, the reduction has undergone further p<-
nodical reductions, and may now be at about 6
cents to the bush l, or the one-tbird of their (ngi-
nal amount. It is clear that the bounties and al-
lowances should have been reduced in ihe same
proportion during all this time: instead of that, they
have been paid in full; an 1 this table of the amounts
actually paid, and of the amounts which should have
been paid, exhibí s the annual loss to theTreasurt:
Years.                Amounts paid.     Amounts which should
have been.
1630                 $206,715                  $151,425
1831                  213,894                 101,947
1832                 234,137                 117,068
1831                253,466                 129,333
1834                 829 070                 1U535
1835                 233 321                  116,165
1836                 219,822                 104,961
1837                 257,541                 118 720
1838                  319,149                 106 574
The aggregate loss to the Trjasury from 1830 to
1838—the last year to which the accounts have
been made up—is about one million. This is a
l r¿e sum fur the Treasury to lose, by a single
drain in nine years; but henceforth it is to be mnch
larger. The lo«s for ihe present year, and for
1839—assuming that of 1838 as the basis of the cal 
aulatton—will be about $212,000 for each year. But
in 1841, and 1842, when trie duty has sunk to i s mint"
mum under the compromise act, the wholeamounlof
fie salt revenue will be unequal to Ihe payment of
the«e bounties and alio wanes They will not only
ab oib the whole revenue from that article, but
will íequire above #100,000 to bo taken from other
branchrsof the re venus to make good the defi-
ciency ! The ¡«pfctacle will then be exhibited of
a papulation of seventeen millions of people taxed
in an article of prime necessity, and universal
consumption, not to support the Government, or to
p y the debts of the Union, or for any purpose
known to the Constitution, but for the benefit ot a
single class of persone already enjoying a monopoly
of the American market for fish, and proved, b|
