34l                        ______
________             ■      ■          III   ni 11 ill I   'i      wim.....■'    "i  '"in
their own returns, to be doine a better business
than any other banch of indusiry, and to be actn-
allly improving, while so many other branches ot
business are declimng.
Mr. B. here referred to the Massacuusetts re-
tarn of her fisheries, lo show that this branch of
business was doing well, and that it was not de-
pendent upon naiunal bounties to keep it alive.
He showed that ihe cod and whale fishery yielded
upon an average one hundred per centum on the
capital employed in ii during the fishing season of
four months, and that each hand, for that short
time, divided from #300 to $500; ar.d he argued
that this was an infinite'y better reward for labor
than agriculturists received in any part of ihe
Union; and therefore, that it was unjust to tax the
community to give a bounty to then. He also
showed, from the annually incre?s n? amount of
the bounty paid, that it was an improving and
thriving business. Upon these facts he argued
against the gross injustice, as well as the utter ur- I
constitutionality of dilngoot bounties from the
Treasury to these Gshert s under the rretence of i
refunding to them a salt duly, when all the >
other fisheries, and the beef and provision
carers, and all ihe Union besides, paid this duty in '
full, and received no drawback.                                '
Mr. B. said the bill which he had brouaht in to
reduce all the drawbacks—the refined sugar, the
rum, and the fishing bounties and allowances-—in  ' j
propr rtion to the reduction of the dunes on which i |
they depended,  was a bill self-evidently just and '
proper, and ene which justice, Jaw, and the On- ,
stitution, required to pass.    The loss to  the Trea- I
«try, from ttie three so jrces, must exceed $300,000 I
thisyexr.   Alter 1842, this loss, if the present bill '
is i.ot passed, must exceed a mil'ion of dollars per i
annum.   Io other words, the people of ihe United
States are to be taxed in their sugar, salt, and mo-
lasses, to the amount of $300.000 this year, and to
the amount of a million in one or two years hence,
for the mere benefit of a few dozen sugar refine s,
a few hundred rum distillers, and a faw thousand
fi-hermen; each and al  of which are p'oved to  be
doing a profitable business, and a thriving business,
wnile almost every other branch of industry is suf-
fering under the pressure and distress which the
political, the gambling, and the insolvent part of
the banks, have broa?ht upon the country.
Mr. B. concluded his remarks with lepeatng the
sentiment of the Editor of the New Hampshire Ga-
zette, and applying it to the refined sugar and rum
drawback as well as to 'he fishing bounties and al-
lowances, that the time had come when these sub-
jects should be probed '0 the bottom—when eac
should be reduced io proportion to the reduce
duty on which it rented—and when, if ih'S canno
be done, we may despair of thejiepublic, and eive
it op as a prey to a ravenous system of eiclusi e
bounties, monopol es, and protection. Mr B here
offered an amendment proposing the t Uai repeal of
the salt duty, and supported it at length. Hi^ re-
marks will be published as soon as they are writ-
U n oat.
Mr. ANDERSON observed that he did not r'i=e
to make a speech,  but smply to   say  that   he
concurred entirely io the views presented by  the
distinguished Senator from Missouri.   The amend-   ,
meat which that gentleman had offered to the bill
now upon the tab'e,opened a ve-y wide field o' dis-
cussion: it opened the investigation of m'rre&t;
that were perhaps in some respects of sectional
character, and in which ihe Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Davis] now absent, took a deep in-
tenst.    It would be remembered   by the Senate,
that the subject was presente 11 > it' consideration by
the n ports of the majority and minoiity ol the Select
Committee recently appointed to consider tt, and |
that the minoiny report was drawn up bv the Sena-
tor from   Mas-achu etts   who   was   n >w absent.
He wa<, therefo-e, gratified  that the Sena or from
Missouri propo ed to pass over it in order to watt i
the return of the^Senitor from Massachusetts, who,
be presumed, intended to express his v ews on the '
subjec .   It was bat an act of courtesy to wait this
gentleman's retara before taking up the bill for
consideration; and when that opportunity should be
Oferod, lie should take occasion, aa a member of
CONGRESSIONAL OLOBB.
the committee, to express his viewsalso in relation
to the intrrests it involved.
Mr. HUBBARD observed ihat ihe Senator from
Tennessee [Mr Anderson] had truly remarked that
reports on this subject had been presented by the
majority as well as the minority of the committee;
but it most be remembered that the Committee on
Finance, in their report on the subject, had
recommended that no action with regard
to it should be had at the present session of
Coogre s He did expect, however, that
the Senators from Missouri and Massachusetts
[Messrs. Bintonand DAVis]«would express their
views on it, and that then ihe subject would be
permitted to rest. He calculated that these reports
would go out silently to the community, and that,
after their constituents had well considered the mat-
ter, members would come here better prepared to
act at the next session. He was not before aware
that the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] in-
tended to bring this question before the Senate at
the present session for the purpose of having it
fully debated. Such now he understood was Lis
intention; and he also understood that such was the
intention of the Set ator from Tennessee. It was
proper, therefore, that all the Senators should know
it, in order that they might he prepared to
meet the discussion. It was certainly not the in-
tention of the Committee on Finance that this sub-
ject should be again brought up at the present ses-
sion. For his part, he preferred that the pd p'e of
the country should have full information on it be-
fore it was acted on, and that they should come
prepared to di-cu*s it at the next session, wi h a
full knowledge of their views.
Mr. ANDERSON said he did not suppose that
any thing he said would bo misunderstood, or that
his fiiend from New Hampshire had misunderstood
him It was the object of the Senator from Mis-
souri, as well as his, that this bill sho Id be taken
up for discussion, and to express their views in re-
lation to it. But as it was supposed that the Se-
nator from Ma«s8ehasf>tts tonk a deep interest in it,
as he hsdmade a report wide'y different from the
bil',fthey de eroed it but courteous to wait his return.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, April 22, 1840.
The SPEAKER announced that/ the first busi-
ness in order, during trie morning/hour, was the
resolution repotted fro  Ihe Committee on the
Public Expenditures, byf the gentleman from Ma«-
sachuse'ts [Mr. Brigoi,] proposing to abolish that
commute on the ground tnsft the duties of that
committee had been transferred to other commit-
tees.                •                   /
Mr. LEET of Pennsylvania, said, he desired
briefly to enter his humb^protest against the adop-
tion of ihe resolution "How under consideiation.
Whatever some honorable gentlemen might think,
in regard to it, in his opinion it inv> lved topics
and princip'es intimately connec ed with the vast
expenditures of this great nation, worthy of grave
and serious reflection. He came, said Mr. L.
int  this'di>cussion; he ventured to take an humble
part, in no sp r t of comphint, and with no incl-
nation whatever, so far as he knew himself, to
find fault wiih, or to d<«al out censure upon, the
honoraVe gentlemen who compose the committee,
a majority of whom, as he understood, agreed to
report this resolution to the House. Since the at-
tention of the House had been invited to this subject
by his honorable fiiend Irom Mass. [Mr. Briggs,]
chairman of the Committee of Public ExpenHitures,
a gent'eman whom he was proud to call h s per-
sonal (r end, he had been induced to look into it,
not with a political view, but with an eye to the
present and future interests of the country, and he
had come to the conclusion that the commitiee in
question should not be abolished, and that the po-
sit'on assumed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. CtJSHi.vG,] and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Wise,] was sound and judcious.
What, sir, «aid Mr, L. has it been left for trie
Houeof Representatives of the re>ple of these
United States, in the year 1840, to abolish oae of
its most important investigating committees'! Can
we reconcile such a thing to a just sense of duty to
'"       '                                        *
" ourselves and the people? Although he did not
deem it necessary, for the legitimate purposes of
the argument, to irace minutely the history of this
committee, from its original e.tablishment to the
present period, yet it may be well to say that it
was created in 1814, during the second term of
President Madison's administration. What was the
reason of the rule, under which it was raised? What
sort of necessity induced the Congress of that day
to constitute this committee? Sir, the condition of
affairs ot State at that deriod rendered this commit-
tee proper. The receipts from revenue, taken to-
gether with those derived from loans, amounted to
t hirty or forty million?. It will be remembered
the Government then had the heavy expenses of a
war to bear. The House of Representatives be-
ing responsible, in a great degree, for all moneys
that were appropriated, acted w.sely and just, as I
am willing to suppose the present House would,
was this a new question, in rais'n  a Committee of
Public Expenditure', whose duty, in the compre-
hensive language of the rule, is ''to examine into
the state of the several public departments, and par-
1 ticularly into laws making appropriations of mo-
neys, and to report whether the moneys have been
disbursed conformably with such laws; and also to
report, from time to time, such provisions and ar-
rangements as may be necessary to add to the eco-
nomy of the Departments and the accountability
of their (fñeers."
Do not equally cogent reasons for its existence
j obtain, now as did in 1814? True it is, that the na-
tional incomes have varied from year to year—
I,  sometimes greater, and sometimes les=; but your
j receipts from the sales of lands and from customs
have, within late years, swelled the sums in your
Treasury to very large amoun's.
Mr. L. said, he was willing to concede that the
gentlemen who advocated tnis resolution had plau-
sibility on their side. It was argued, with a great
degree of ingenui'y and speciousne-s, that the rule
denning t^e power  and duties of this commifee
hid bsen in effect repealed, and that the duties had
been transferred to, and distributed among, six
other committees on expenditures in the several
departments of the Government, which were cre-
ated and added to the list of standing committees
on the 30th of March, 1816. This being the case,
it is contended the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures has nothing lo do, and therefore is unneces-
saiy, and ought to be abolished. And in this view
of the matter, continued Mr. L. the honorable
gentlemen are helped along by a note in the
volume of Rules, the authority of which be
by no means admitted. Wnat right had the
compiler of the rules of this House, which always
adopts and enacts rules for its own government at
the beginning of every Cogrcs, to pronounce sen-
tence sgainst the powers of the Committee on
Public Expenditures? Give this note all the weight
1    that cas at all fairly attach to it, and it amounts to
! nothing more than the opinion of a gentleman
who collected toge her the rules of the House. It
cannot well be supposed, said Mr. L that Con-
griss, in  1816, when the six committees on ac-
i   counts and expenditures were raised, intended to
I do away with the Committee rn Public Expendi-
tures. I, for one, will not attribute to them any
such purpose.    I can see no re;>sjn for doing so.
i If such was their m-aning and design, why not
say so in terms. There being no express repeal of
the rule under which the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures act, and from which are derived their
1 great power , I contend, said Mr. L. it is a fair
and legitimate inf< rence, that Congiess never in-
tend' d to abrogate it.
In the few adJi'ional remarks which he designed
making, he begged leave to advert to some of the
argument urged by the honorable gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Hall ] The committee, of which
the honorable gentleman is a member, at the pre-
sent sesión, has from time to tima reported in for-
i    mer jears.   The committee being, in  successive
j    Congrcses, made up of different penilemen, they
I     look, it seems, different views or tl eir powers and
II   dut'ei.    Their several reforts were rather in dero-
i   gation of their powers.   From th s course of the
committee, in times gone by, it is contended that it
has always heretofoie been considered doubtful
