mittee abolished7 I think not. Bat, Mr. Speaker,
I have already pur-ued this subject further than was
my purpose, when I commenced, attd will detain
ihe House no longer.    I have dene.
Mr. MORRIS of Pennsylvania obtained the
floor, and said he believed the subject had been
sufficiently debated, and moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ADAMS hoped the gentleman would with-
draw the motion, as he was desitous of saying a
few woid* on ihe subject.
Mr. MORRIS would consent, provided the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts would promise to re-
new ihi motion.
Mr. ADAMS thought it probable that, after he
should have made his remarks, some gentleman
wonld wish to reply; he could not, therefore, make
the promise required.
Mr. MORRiS said ihat, as that was the case, ha
could not wi'hdraw his motion.
The question was then taken on ordering the
previous question, and, there being no second,
Mr. ADAMS spoke in reference to the impor-
tance of continuing the committee in existence. It
was his opinion that, if the Committee on Publ c Ex-
penditures had taken up the document which he held
in his band, (relating to receipts and expenditures,)
they might have saved millions of dollars. They
might do so even now, late as it was in the session;
and if they did their duty, the country would have
reason to rejoice if the House should refuse to abo-
lish the committee. Mr. A concluded his remarks
by incidentally alluding to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill before the House.
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved that the House
proceed to the orders of the day; but pending that
motion,
The SPEAKER laid before the House further
testimony in relation to the New Jersey contested
eleciion; wh;ch,
. On motion of Mr. SMITH of Connecticut, was
referred to the Committee oí Elections.
Several Senate bills were taken from the Speak-
er's table, and appropriately commuted.
Senate bill granting pre-emption rights to set-
tlers on the public lands, was taken up for commit-
ment; when,
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky moved that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on ihe Public Lands, with
the following instruction.; which were read as fol-
low*:
"That said bill be referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, with instruct ons to report an
ameudment graduating the price of the public
lands that have been ifiered for sale at public
auction; and further, to report an amendment, di-
viding the nett procefds of the sale of the public
lands with the twenty-six States of th s Union, ac-
cording to the Federal pro roía of representation,
to be ascertain  d by the census of 1840, to take
effect after th? first of January, 1841."
After a few remarks from Mr. WHITE in sup-
port of his proportion;
The CHAIR suggested that the pro,-os;tion to
commit was not at that time s'rictly in ordtr as he
was only permitted to take up ihe bill for reference
by,universal corsent; and he suggested ihat the bill
be laid aside for the present. The motion to com-
mit was laid over.
Tha House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union (Mr. Císev
in the chair) and took up the civil and diplomatic
aporopnation bill.
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky, who was still enti-
tle! to the floor, continued his remarks in relation
to the causes of the increase in the expenditures.
The present Administration came into  power to
lessen the expenses of Government, to have re-
trenchment, and it was no  excuse or apology for
tbem why they have not made this retrenchment,
to say ibat the Opposition voted for ihe increase in
the expenditures   The Opposition were not pledged
to retrenchment and refoim.   The Administrate) i
came   into   power    under   a   promise    that    it
would   be   done.     They  have   had ih<?   power
in on  branch or the  ether of   Ccrgress,   and
should have prevente d the increase in expenditures,
even if the Whig party did vote the increase. He
believfd no   retrenchment   would commence or
CONGRESSIONAL GLO&fc.
take place, except it came from the Executive—
and that none could be carrieJ through without
his concurrence, inasmuch as none could be car-
ried through with his opposition. He has the
means and power to carry out reform. He then
adverted to the public printing, which he said
could be reduced. He wa* in favor of dispens-
ing with the branch mints, on the ground ihat the
mint at Philadelphia was adequate to all the wants
of the Government. He spoke generally in favor
of retrenchment.
Mr. RESD obtained the ¿nor, and justified the
latitude of debate ón this bill, on the ground that
a proposition heretofore made by him to commit
the President's message to the Committee of the
Who'e for the purpose of debate had failed.
Theie must be some fit occasion to discuss the po-
licy of the Adminis'ration—to examine its abuses
if they exist or seemed to exist. Mr. R. after
advening to the increase of the expenditures, re-1
ferred to some items which he "was in favor of re-
ducing. He was aware that they were called for
to fulfil the provisions ef existing laws; and if
gentlemen were opposed to such laws, he knew of
no other occasion that could be embraced to
express his oppos tion to them.
He had endeavored, in vain, for many year*, to
correct abuses; and particularly the salaries of
marshals an<l attorneys of the United States, for
which an item of $14,500 is inserted in this bill.
He was understood to call upon the chairman of
the Committee of Ways ani Means to explain in
what amount to individuals this aggregate was
distributed.
Mr. JONES of Virginia replied that the salaries
of these officers were flxed by various laws of Con-
gress, long since passed, and that ihey varied,
ranging fi om $200 to $600 each.
Mr. REED was understood to say that he had
called up*n the Department a year ago for infor-
mation in relation to the salaries and fees of the
marshals and attorneys, ao4 that the report had
been since made, by which it was seen that they
receive an enormous amount.
Mr. JONES rep'ied that not one dollar of it was
drawn from the public Treasury. The sum was
made up from fees and costs.
Mr. REED said ihat made it much worse. It
Was drawn from the people, who were lea«t able
to pay it. The Government being more wealthy,
it would not operate so hard if it were drawn from
that source.
Mr. JONES of Virginia hoped the gertleman
would not attribute the amount of these fees as an
act for which the Administration was responsible.
Mr. REED complained of the large amount paid
to ¿hese officers, and said it was an abuse which it
was the duty of the Administraban to correct.
Mr. JONES said if the gentleman would intro-
duce a bill to correct this which he conceives an
abuse, or any other abuse, he would vote for it.
The lees of these officers fluctuate, and are, at
limes, verv small in amiunt.
Mr. REED, after commentirg on this topic for
•ame time, adverted to the light-house system, and
complained of a transfer raa'le by the President of
the sum of rive thousand dollars, appropriated to
that ohj'Ct, to theconstiuciion of the public build-
ings at Washington, when he was interrupted by
Mr. JONES of Virginia, who wished to siy a
few word in explanation cf that matter. It had
been frequently stated in the House as a matter
of great astonishment, that the President should
have transferred an appropriation intended for
light-houses to the Treasury building He would
inform the gentleman that the President had done
nothing but what he had been fully authorized by
law to do. During the last few years appropria-
tions had been made by Congress for the erection
of light-houses, but with this proviso, "ihat after
an examination of the location, their erection
should be deemed necessary." Now the examina-
tion in relation to the light honses in question, had
been mide by commissioners, under the supern en-
den ce of the Navy Department, and the commission-
ers had reported that they were not suitable locations.
This money, to the amount of thirty or forty
thousand dollars, being unapplied, the President,
under the authority given to him  by law, frans-
;v-                        ■   ■                                       .-,.,..                                ,
ferred the amount to the Treasury building.   This
was at a time, tod, when the wh&'le amount of apf
propriation for the building was exhausted, and
when there was no roof on it. With a view, there-
fore, to protect the building from injury, the Presi-
dent hid exercised the power given to him, and
made the transfer.   The gentleman must, upon
reflection, be aware that the President had done no
more than his duty, in thus applying the money for
the purpose of protecting the building from the
weather.   That was absolutely necessary; and hav*
ing accomplished that, he had gone no farther¡
The gentleman ought also to know, that if the mo-
ney had not been applied to this object, 1t would,
within two years, have become a part of the sur-
j   plus fund, and could not be again taken from the
Treasury, without another appropriation.   Mr. J.
then referred to the laws giving to the President
!   the discretionaty power which he had exercised.
t       Mr. REED continued his remarks, in the course
|   of Which he adverted to the remarks of the gehtla 
i! man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kkim] in relation to
his views of th? ballot system; when he was inter*
ruptf d bv                                               .           .
Mr  KEIM, who desired to be understood ofi
this subject. H« was desirous that the ballot (or
the p ople should prevail; but that, with reference
to their Representatives, he advocated ihe viva wee
system. He deemed it important that the people
should know how theii agents and Representa'i ves
voted  on all occasions.
Mr. R. then resumed, and Continued his remarks
for a short time on that branch of the subject, and
then adverted to the removal of the deposites from
the Sank of the United S'ates. He condemned
such removal, and also the deposite of the revenues
oí the Government with the State institutions. He
commented on the charaeter of some of those in-
stitutions in his State, and censured them as unfit
deposites. He referred to many other topics which
had been touched upon since the bill was under
consideration, and particularly the purposes and
designs of the Hartford Convention. He was un-
derstood to say that the gentlemen who compos d
that convention were great and good men.
Mr. HOPKINS here obtained the floor  but, by
request, yielded it to
Mr. DUNCAN, who was understood to say that
an inference might be drawn from some of the re-
marks made on yesterday, that the friends of the
Administration had been challenged to contradict
the correctness of the statement which had been
sent into Virginia, in relation to the expenditures
of the Government, signed by the Federal Vigilance
Committee, and that they dared not take the re-
sponsibility to do so. Now, ta prevent such an in-
ference, Mr. D. said he dared take the responsibi-
lity to say that that statement was not correct; and
he would take occasion at another time to go into
an investigation in detail, to prove it was deceptive
in character. It was for base party purposes—it
was merely the corner of the book—it was garbled
from the documents in which an explanation in de-
tail was made of those expendieres, aod which ex-
planation should have gone win it, to make it in-
telligible. The reason that he had not contradicted
it yesterday, was becauss he could not obtain the
floor to do so.
Mr. HOPKINS, after some preliminary remarks,
alluded to the charges of extravagant expenditure
made against the present and late Administrations,
in the document sent recently into Virginia, with
a view of influencing the election of that State. He
said he should be able to show that, instead of the
President being responsible for the extravagance
charged in the document, the blame rested on the
Opposition themselves, and he would, by a reference
to the journal, prove thai most of the laige ap-
propna ions which swelled the aggregate of ex-
penditures, had been voted for.by a majority of the
Opposition. He appealed to gentlemen whether,
under this state of things, it was fair and just to
hold the President responsible, when the expendi-
tures had been supported by a majority of his poli-
tical adver.-ar.es on that floor. In the remarks he
wat about to make, he did not wish for the com-
mittee to rely on his statements alone; but he in-
tended to prove them by a refeience to the journal,
and then, so far as the yeas and nays would show,
