CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono........-1st S«ss.
TUESDAY. MAY 5, 1840.
Volume 8...........No. 83.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Continutd fr m Xo. 22.
expenditures.   He cannot expend a dollar, except
it be appropriated by law of Congiess.    Hi* on'y
power is to see it judiciously applied, in fulfilment
of these laws.
Mr. McK. then referred to the messages of Ge-
neral Jackson against heavy expenditures, and com-
mented thereon; and proveJ that, if it had not been
«or the interposition ol hi* veto power, ihi system
of eitravagance on obj'cts of internal improve-
ment wh ch had gr^wn up nnder the Administra-
tion of Mr. Adams, would have been swelled to
upwards of .one bundle I millions more than had
been appropriated to that object since General
Jaekson went ink) the Piesidential chair. To
prove that the promises of retrenchment were not
hollow, during his administration, Mr. McK.
showed, from official statements, that not a new tax
on duty had been laid daring the whole period, or
since, but that a great many duties had been re-
duced, amounting, in the periods below, as fol-
lows, viz:
In 1831,        ....       $3,723,000
1832,         ...       -         7,304,000
1833,         ....       19,789,000
1834,         ...       -       24,445,000
1835,         - "    -       -       -       27,453,000
1836,         ....       34,688,000
making an actual reduction in the burdens on  the
people of these amounts.
In the last four years the reduction of laxes on
imports was larger than the whole amount of actual
receipts into the Trtasury durmj the administra-
tion of Mr. Adams. Yet these Whig gentlemen
are contending that there has been no retrench-
ment of the burdens on the people. If ihe tariff
act of 1828 had remained unaltered, the receipts
into the Treasury would have been upwards of one
hundred millions more than they were daring the
administration of General Jackson, notwith-
standing the large amounts of receipts during that
period; yet, by this enormous reduction, the bur-
dens of the people have been lessened more than
one half. Mr. McK. then showed on what particu-
lar artielei the reduction had been made,
being principally necessaries of life, includ-
ing tea, coflVe, and brtwn sugars, on which
sime forty millions bad been reduced. On the
articles of tea alone, 15 millions redaction had bren
effected in the space "f three years; and on carlee
some $13,000,000. Mr. McK. then argued that the
great accumulation of surplus revenues was one
great canse of the increase in the expenditures. He
said if the money was collected it must be spent.
It would be ruinous to the best interests of the
country to have hoarded revenues thus unnecessa-
rily collected. If the money was taken from ihe
people, it must be sent back to the people—it mcst
be expended. Therefore, ihe most effectual way to
dim.nish the expenses of Government would be
not to take more money from the people than was
absolutely necessary for great public purposes. It
was the duty of Congress to see that no more was
collected than was necessary; and when collected
that it ¿hou'd be appropriated to constitutional ob-
jects. If more had been heretofore collected than
the proper wants uf the Government required,
those who opposed the repeal of the duties were re-
sponsib'e. He then quced from the speeches of
Mr. Cut, to show ih.it if the views of the Execu-
tive had been carried out in regard to the tariff,
the revenues from imports would have been
still further reduced. Mr. Cr,AY admit'ed, in 1833,
that bis American system was in danger from the
friends ol the Administration—that it wonli have
been overthrown if it had not been for the compro-
mise act. Mr. C. aKo admitted in 1836, that he
foresaw, at the time of the compromise act, that it
would produce a surplus in the Tieasury, and en-
deavored to guard against it by bis bill for the dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the public lands. The
Opposition were then, and now are, friend'y to
a high tariff.
So far, then, as the fact that too much money
had been colleced, contributed to swell the expen-
ditures «f Government, the Opposition, that now
declaimed so much about extravagance, were re-
sponsible.
Mr. McK. then showed the large amount of
goods imported free of duty since ihe administra-
tion of Mr. Adams; which, during ihe administra-
tion of Jackson alone, exceeded that amount by
many millions. He showed the grod effects of the
specie circular in preventing large amounts of de-
preciated bank paper from coming into the Trea-
sury, and thus did away with one cause which
would make it necessary to swell the appropriation
to get rid of the money; and prevented the rich
lands of the West from passing into the hands of
speculators.
Mr. McK. then adverted to the asset tion of some
gentlemen who wished to hold the Executive re-
sponsible for the appropriations, that they would
not vote for any measure unless estímales were re-
ceived from the Departments for that purpose.
He said that the appropriaiions had generally ex-
ceeded the estimates of the Departments from the
foundation of the Government. The estimates
depended more or less upon the legislation of Con-
gress; and citel many instances to prove the
ground assumed. The bill to increase the pay of
the navy, which was voted for by the Opposition
generally, one year alone caused an increase in
ihe estimates for ihe next year. It was thus that
the estimates were increased by the action of Con-
gress. The act of Congress, which one year
caused in excess of appropriations over the esti-
mates, next year, by the same process, swelled the
estimates over those of the previous years.
It was degrading to ihe character of the House
to say that Congress should bi confined to the es:i-
mates. It wat ihe duty of the Executive to report
the amounts of estimates necessary to fulfil the pro-
visions of existing laws, and not for him to say
ihat snch estimates should nut be exceeded. The
President had not said so; but if the argument of
gentlemen prevail, it would, in effect, be giving the
power to the Executive to originate all the appro-
priation bills. He would be glad lo see, in many
instances, the appropriation1: reduced below the
estimates; but they w<rre in accordance with the ex-
isting law?, and could not be toached, without a re-
peal of iho«ehws.
Mr. McK. then showed that even the estimates,
under existing laws, fluctuated. Supplies to the
army and navy being influenced by the state of the
currency of the country, cost more some years than
others; this was one cause that coatribu'ed to swell
the appropriation during ihe last and present Ad-
ministrations, the prices of provision during that
period being very high. He then went into an ex-
am nation in detail, and showed the large amounts
appropriated to national objects during that time,
exceeded by many millions appropriations to such
objects during the administration of Mr. Adam?.
He examined in detail all the appropriations which
made np the excess over the administration of that
gentleman, and showed conclusively that many of
the objects of ihose appropriations originated with
the Opposition, and that that party had invariably
rolrdfor all the appropriations, for the increase
of which they wished to make the present Ad-
ministration accountable. The remarks of Mr.
McK. will be published in full hereafter.
Mr. EVANS took exception to the course of re-
mark of the gentleman fiom North Carolina |Mr.
[McKay,] in re'atioa to the causes of the increase
of the expenditures; and particularly took exception
to his argument in relation to the burdens of taxa-
tion of when the people liad been relieved during
the administration of General Jackson. He re-
plied at length to the to ics. He did not deny,
however, that the Whig party had voted for the
greater proportion of the appropriations to which
that gentleman badad verted. Mr. E. said hedid vote
for the appropriation to for iflcations, as the gen-
tleman irom North Carolina had charged upon
him; and it was no morttfica.ion to him to have
his votes, which were recorded on the journals, in
favor of appropri tions to all the great objects to
which ihe gentleman had adverted, exhibited to
the House and the country. He did not boast there
or elsewhere that he did vote (or them. If he had
any pride about the matter, it was because he had
voted for appropriations to harbors, fortifications,
light-houes, and other great national < bj' cts. He
did not proiess to belong to a party in favor of a
pars;monious Administration, though he was for
an economical one. There cou'd be esonomy in
the expenditure of millions, and extravagance in
the expenditure of hundreds. As for the expendi-
tures on harbors, fortification', reads, and light-
houses, he look pride if h;s vote had helped them
on. There was no economy in c( nfining the ex-
penditures of Government to a small amount—
to fifteen millions, as had been proposed by one
gentleman from North Carolina. Economy did not
consist in confining to a small amour,t, but in ju-
diciously applying what was appropriated to ssch
objects were was worthyjthe care of the Government.
Hedid not complain of the amount ol the appro-
priations, but the manner in which it was applied.
He disapproved the Indian policy—the policy of
acquiring lands—which had caused the Indian
wais, and which had thrown an immense expendi-
ture of money upan the Government, and contri-
buted to swell the appropriation*, which he and
the party to which he was attached were compelled
to vote for, however much they were opposed to
the policy making the appropriations necessary.
Mr. E. agreed with the gent'eman from North
Carolina [Mr. McKay] that too much had been
siid in the cou'ss of the debate on this bill, ia
throwing the responsibility of the appropriations on
the President, that would tend to surrender all the
poweis of Congress to the dilation of ,the Execu-
tive. Some gentlemen had contended that they
would not vot« for any appropriation except the
Executive Departments reported estimates for such
purposes. He was totally opposed to the doctrine
that Congress should vote nothing except upon the
estimates of the Department. All the Depart-
ments had a right to do, was to make estimates of
the specific amount' necessary to carry out the
provisions of law. Whenever the Executive
stepped beyond that, he overstepped the duties
assigned him by the Constitution and thfl
laws. His duty is to follow the lead of le-
gislation, and send us estimates of what is
necessary to execute the provisions of laws passed
by Congress. The great fault he found with the
Eiecutive n w wa<, that, after he sent those esti-
mates, under existing laws, he dared to tell us not
to originate any new measures, for fear of exceed-
ing ihose estimates. You, lha representatives of
fie people, do not commence a single new work,
however much the wants and interests of ihe coun-
try demand it. It was the business of Congress,
in the exercise of its constitutional functions, with-
out any dic'ation from the President, to originate
and pass such measures as were n¿crsiary. It is
their duty to see to the ata'e of the Union, and to
provide for its general welfare. The estimates of
the Departments should not to be taken upon trust,
if it had been otherwise, ihings would be different
fiom what they now are.
Mr. ATHERTON went into a full examination
of thepnncip'es of the party opposing th? present
Administration, identifying ihat party with the old
Federal and Hartfofd Convention party; and made
a most able vindication of the principles of the pre-
sent Administration; [a full report of it wi I be
published hereafter;] but, before concluding,
yielded ihe floor to
Mr. HOWARD, who said that, wiih the permis-
sion of the gentleman from New Hampshire, ne
would move that the committee now rise.
A division being had on the motioa, wralted,
ay< s 54, noes noi counted: there being no quorum.
The committee (ben ro e, and,
On motion of Mr. TttiPLETT,
The Housa adjourne d.
/
