364               _______________
•■>■■                                                 " *                                             ■  -* ■      —
IN SENATE,
Friday, April 24, 1840.
Mr. LINN presentid petitions and memorials
of the following character, which were appropri-
ately referred:
Memorial of the citizens of Clay county, asking
for a Superintendency of Indian Affaiis on the
wf stern frontier of the Stale of Missouri.
Petition of the heirs of Joshua Bishop, for horses
stolen by Indians in 1812
Evidence in support of claims for depredations
committed on the property of citizens of Cote Sans
Dessein.
Petition of the inhabitants of Calloway county,
Missouri, asking pay ler hoises stolen by the
friendly Indians under United States protection.
Memorial of sundry citizens of Cote San Dessein,
praying remuneration for Indian depredation .
Petition of John Turner, for horses taken in
1812.
Petition of Francis   Roy,   Antoine Foy,   Jos.
R vts, and J. P. Donoyler, for Indian depreda-
tions.
Petition of the administrator of J. Cooper.
David McQuintly, adminis'rator of Wm. Head,
praying remuneration for Indian depredations.
Petition of R. A. and J. G. Heaih, for Indian
depredations.
DepcsHon of Robert Hancock.
Deposition of Francis Coopar.
C aim of Elisba Todd, for property taken by the
Sac and Fox Indians in 1814.
Claim of Jos. Boggs, for property taken by Sac
and Fox Indians in 1814.
Petition of John O'Bannon, praying remunera-
tion for Indian depredations.
Petition of David Magill, for property taken by
Sac and Fox Indians in 1814.
Petition of Joseph Roy, for Indian depreda-
tions.
Petition of Jesse Watkins, James Turner, and
Benjamin Cotton, for Indian depredations.
Petition of Joshua Freeman, for Indian depreda-
tions.
Petition of Lewis Barlholet, for Indian depreda-
tions.
Petition of Joseph Austin, for Indian depreda-
tions.
Claim of Absalom Broom, for property taken by
Sac and Fox Indians in 1814.
Petition of Thomas Wasson, for Indian depreda-
tions.
Petition of John P. Roy, for Indian depreda-
tions.
Petition of Thomas Wood, for Indian depreda-
tions.
Petitions of Wm. Monroe and Joseph Wolfskill,
for losses sustained in the Boonslick settlement by
the friendly Sacs during the war.
Petition of R. E. Gentry, Wm. Monroe, and
others, for Indian depredations.
Petition of Geo. Jackson, for Indian depreda-
tions.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
Jonathan H. Cobb of Dedham, and Samuel Cobb
of Needham, Massachusetts, manufacturers of
¡sewing silk and other silk goods, requesting Con-
gress to impose a duty on the importation of foreign
silk manufactures.
Mr. B. said that it had been demonstrated by
experience, that our soil, our climate, and our pure
and dry atmosphere, were peculiarly adapted to the
production of silk. With this experience before our
eyes, our country presented the strange, he was
about to say absurd, spectacle of admitting the im-
portation ot foreign silks free of all duty. This was
done at a time when our revenues were not
equal to the expenses of the Government; and we
were actually borrowing money to supply the defi-
ciency. A new issue ef Treasury notes might have
been altogether avoided, had we, in time, imposed
a moderate revenue duty on the importation of this
article of luxury. Such a du'y would have afford ■
ed, and would still afford, incidental encourage-
ment to the production of silk—a branch of indus-
try which was now struggling into existence, not
only without the aid, bnt in direct opposition to the
existing policy of our laws.
Jle confessed he could perceive no good reason
CONGRESSIONAL QLOBÉ.
why a revenue duty should not be imposed upon
this article at the present sesskn of Congress;
whilst, as a mere revenue measure, there were
many good reasons for our immediate action. We
not only had lost the amount of revenue which
would have resulted from a direct duly upon this
article; but by a construction of the laws, which
Congress never intended, we had lest very large
sums incidentally.
There could be no policy more wise than that of
varying our productions. This would essentially
contribute to check the enormous amount of
foreign importations under which our country now
periodically suffered. The memor al states, "that
in the year 1836, it required the whole exports of
the Unirn, with the exception of cotton, and an
addition of eight millón* in cash, to pay for the
importation of silk aleñe.'" W as not th's state-
ment—which he Lelieved to be ccrr<ct, although he
had not himself recently examined the statistical
tables—sufficient to carry conviction toevery mind?
All the producto of agriculture, evcept c >tton, of
manufactures, sndofthe fisheries, which we ex-
ported, were exhausted in the purchase of foreign
silks, and eight millions of dollars were required
to supply the defficiency ! What would the civi-
lized world think of such folly? An las if this
were the wisest policy in the world, we continue to
thiow open our poits to the free importation of
this article, whilit we are borrowing mon°y to de-
fray the ordinary expenses of Government. Be-
side?, this can never be regarded as a seciional
question; because our whole country, North, Souih,
East, and West, is admirably adap ed to the pro-
duction of th;s article.
The imposi ion of a revenue duty upon silk
would be in exact accordance wiih the letter and
spirit of the compromise law. It has expressly
provided that, in the" contineency of a deficiency
of revenue before June, 1842, a duty not exceed-
ing twenty per cent, might be imposed upon silk,
or any other article not expressly excepted from
duty by its terms. This contingency had happened.
Our revenue "was deficient, and why should Con-
gress not immediately imp-ss a duty of twenty per
cent, on the importation of this artice? So well
had he been convinced, both of the necessity and
policy of such a measure, that he should have read
a bill in his place, at the commencement of the
present session, imposing this duty, could such a
bill have originated in the Senate, under the Con-
titution of the United Stat s.
Before he took his seat, he would make a re-
mark en the compromise act of March, 1833, the
true nature of which, he had reason to believe,
was much misunderstood throughout the country.
It was supposed by many that the enormous im-
portations of 1839 were mainly produced by the
reduction of duties under this law. This could not
have been the case; and these importations must
mainly be referred to other and much more pow-
erful causes.
That act, which was approved on the 21 March,
1833, by President Jackson, provides that the ex
cess of duty above twenty per cent, levied by vir-
tue of former laws on the importation of fore'ga
goods, shall be gradually reduced until it reaches
that standard on the 30th June, 1842. Oae-tenth
of this excess above twenty per cent, was to be de-
ducted after the 31st December, 1833; two-tenths
afer the 31st December, 1835; three-tenths after
the 31st December, 1837; four-tenths after the 31-t
December, 1839; seven-tenths after the 31st De-
cember, 1841; atd aftir the 30th June, 1842, the
du'.ies were to sink to twenty per cent. The ope-
ration of this act can be best illustrated by present-
ing an example. Let us take the article of woollen
goods. Under pre-existing laws, the duty upon wool-
lens was generally fifty per ct. Tins duty was to be
gradually reduced to tweny per cent, under the
provisions of the compromise. Tre excess then to
be deducted was thirty per cent. One-tenth of this
excess, or three per cent, was taken off after the
31st December, 1833, which reduced the duty to
forty-seven per cent.; another three per cent, was
taken off after the 31st December, 1835, which re-
duced the duty to forty-four per cent; a third three
per cent, was taken off after the 31st December,
1837, which reduced the daty to forty-one per cent.
Thus it will be perceived that the actual duty col-
lected on foreign woollens during the period of the
vast impoitaiions ef 1839, was forty-one dollars for
every hundred dollars of their valuation. And yet
the woollen interest has been repmented, by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster ] not
now in his plac?, as one of the most suffering and
depressed interests of the country. We must seek
the sources of this suffering and depression in
causes different from the cempromise law. The
present duty upon woollen goods is thirty-eight
dollars for each hundred dollars of their valuation;
and will thus continue until the 31st December,
1841.
Mr. B. said he would make no comments upen
these facts at present.   His sols object now was to
place the amount of the reduc ion of duties which
had hitherto been ma 'e under the compromise act,
e'early before his constituent.* and the country.
I      Mr. CALHOUN said, that he  rose to make
a few remarks, not in answer lo the Senator, but
in reference to the subject of his remarks.   He
I  had no doubt that silk was an  ariicle that ought
I  to bear its due share of the dutie-; but he was  ut-
I  terly  unwilling that it should   bs selected as  a      |
1  peculiar object of burden.    It was, indeed, an ar-      |
i  tide of luxury; but it was one in which the staple      ¡
I    States had a deep interest.   Silks and wine consti-      ¡
¡   tute the great articles of our exchanges with France      i
for our cotton, rice, aad lobacco. If they should [
be burdened wiih heavy duties, their impottation
i would be proportionably diminished, and, with that ¡
¡I diminut on, there would be a corresponding falling
|J off in the exports of our staple anieles to France,
i accompanied by heavy los* u that portion of the
1  country producing them.  France was a country of
II   great and growing consumption; and ihe intercourse
I with it ought to be favored, as far as the wants of
I  the Treasury would permit.   It was not his wish
to secure any particular preference in favor of
silk, nor was he willing to make it the subject of un-
equal burden. It would seem to be the views of some,
that luxuries ought lo be subject to high duties,
because they were lnxuries"and necessaries—be-
cause they required protection against foreign
competition; and thus between them, we are in
danger of the return of the system of high duties,
wiih all i's disasterous consequences. Gentlemen
ought to be compelled to take cho ce, or abandon
their ground. Fir his part, if left to his choice,
his favorite system would be, 10 lay the duties on
luxuries, to the exclusion of neceisaries; but he
well knew that in this he would have to escoun-
ter a powerful interest, too powerful probably to be
overcome; but he must insist that he should not ba
opposed from the same quarter, with this double
and contradictory course of argument.
He hoped that this, and all r ther questions con-
nected with the tariff, would be permitted to rest
for the present. He was both willing and anxious
ta have the whole subject readjusted at this se_sion,
tut it seemed to be determine . that it should be
postponed till the next. He had acquiesced; but
was unwilling that gentlemen should take up fa-
vorite articles in advance, either to impose orie-
peal dutes. It did not s°em to him fair, and
might embarrass the general adjustment at the
coming session.
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
to which had been referred the petition of Langtree
and Jenk'ns, reported a bill for their relief; whiGh
was read, and ordered to a second reading, and the
repott ordered to be printed.
Mr. H. a's->, from the same comnvttee, to which
j  was referred the petition of John Bruce, made an
I  adverse report thereon; wh ch was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which had been referred the bill
granting to the State of Michigan a quantity of
l  land, to aid in the construction of a canal around
1 the Falls of St. Mary, reported the same, with an
, amendment.
¡       The resolution submitted some days since by
!   Mr. White being taken up, he offered the follow-
ing as a substitute, which lays ovi r:
I      Raolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
