9¿6
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Also reportad back to the House, without amendment, So-
nata bill, emitted "An act for the reiiefof William Jones;"
which bills were appropriately committed.
Mr. H- from the same committee, reported a bill for the re-
W,f of William Leblanc; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the same committee, reported back
to the House, with an araendmenr, Senate bill, entitled «An act
for creating a new land district in the Sute of Missouri, and
and for changing the boundaries of the Southwestern and
Western land districts in said States," the amendment was con-
curred in, and the bill was committed.
On motion of Mr. R.
Ordered, That the Committee on the Public Lands be dis-
charged fromthe further consideration of the petition of inha-
bitants of Jefleison and Clark counties, in Indiana, and that it
do lie on he table.
Mr. CRARY, from the same committee, reported a bill for
the erection of an additional land olP.ce in the State of Michi-
gan: which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee on the Post Office and
PoetRoad , to which was referred the petitions of certain cuí-
teos of Licking county, Ohio, praying for an increase of com-
pensation to the postmaster at Jackaontown. made an adverse
report thereon; which waa read, and ordered to  lie on the
Mr. MARVIN, from the same committee, to which was re-
ferred the petition of Samuel N. Burnett, made an adverse re-
P0? tl2!!foni-S5ich *** re*<i' "nJ ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRANSTON, from the Committee forthe District of Co-
lumbia, reportad a bill to incorporate Washington's Manual
fcaoor School and Male Orphan Asvlum Society of the city of
Washington and District of Columbia;
Also, a bill granting an appropriation to the Friendship Pire
Company of Alexandria;
which were read twice, and committed.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the same committee, repotted a bill to
amend an act entitled, "An act to limit the right of appeal from
the Circuit Court of the United States, in the District of Colum-
bia;" and
A bill to amend the sixth section of the act of Maryland,
passed 19th December, 1791, and in force in the county of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia;
which were read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. GRAHAM, the Committee for the District
•T Columbia was discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of the Marine Fire Insurance Company of Alex-
andria, and it was committed to the Committee of the Whole on
the stat  of the Union.
Mr. C. If. WILLIAM^ from the same committee, reported a
bill making an appropriation for the Vigilance Fire Company
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia; and
A bill for the relief of the widow and heirs at law of the late
Lewis Grant Uavidaen, deceased; which were read twice, and
committed.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON, from the same committee, reported
the follawing lesolmion:
Jlesatred, That Wednesday and Thursday, the 90th and 2lst
days of May, bs set apart for for Mils and business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to be the special order, and have precedence
of all other business.
Objection being made.
Mr. JOHNSON called forthe yaasand nays, but afterwards
withdrew his motion. The resolution, therefore, lies over un-
der the rule.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee ef Claims, to what was
recommitted the bill for the relief of General Duncan I.
Clinch, reported an amendatory bill; wbJeh was committed to
the Committee of the Whole House, to which is committedtbe
bill forthe relief of Nathaniel Goddard, and others.
Mr. CRARY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
back to the House, without amendment, Senate bUI en-
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'an act more effectu-
ally to provide for the punishment of certain crimes against the
United States, and for other purposes;'." which wa* com-
mitted.
Mr. C. from the same committee, made an unfavorable re-
port on the memorial of Charles W. Cuttle; which wasordered
to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. CRARY, the Committee on the Judiciary
was discharged from the petition of Daniel J. Taylor; also,
{root the memorial of N. J. Banton, district attorney for the
Northern district of New Yoxk; which petition and memorial
were laid on the table.
Mr. MASON, from the same committee, reported a bill to
augment the salaries of district jndges in the districts of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois; which was read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Committee on the Judiciary
was discharged from the further consideration of the petition of
ciusensof Florida for an exemption from taxation during the
continuance of the present Indian war in that Territory; also,
from the consideration of the memorial of citizens of the State
of Ohio, in favor of holding a term of the United States Circuit
Court in Cincinnati; also, from the consideration of the erderof
the loth February, directing the committee to report a bill pro-
viding for the punishment of public defaulters; which petition,
memorial, and order, were laid on the table.
Mr. M. from the same committee, reported the following re-
solution, which was read, and agreed to:
Jtetofverf, That the Committee on the Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the grounds of the claim of Davis
Deardortr, of the State of Ohio, to the west half of the south-
west quarter of section ten, township seven south, of range
eight, of public lands, lying in the Lima land office district,
and ascertain whether he purchased, and is entitled, either in
law or equity, to the same; and, if he did not purchase it,
whether be was prevented by the misconduct of the officers of
the land office at Lima, or either of them, and that the com-
mittee report all the facts and circumstances attending the sale,
as well of that tract as of the southeast quarter of the same
section; and whether the purchasers, or either of them, have
taken possession of the land so purchased, and made improve-
ment thereon.
Mr- 8TORRS, from the same committee, reported a bill in
approval and confirmation of an act of the Territorial Legis-
lator  of th  Terrritory of Iowa, entitled "An act to incorpo-
rate the Burlington andDesmoioesTiansportarJon Company,"
accompanied by a report; which bill was road twice, and com-
Biittod.
Mr- BARNARD, from the same committee, reported a hill
to abolish public executions; which bill was read twice, and
•oujirdited.
On motion of Mr. BARNARD, the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions was discharged from the further consideration
of the communication of F. J. Betts, clerk o! the district court of
New York, in relation to filing transcripts of ju Igmentsin the
Supreme Court of that State, and the communication laid on
the table.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
which was instructed on the 5th of March last, to make certain
inquiries in relation to the allowance of claims en the United
States for Revolutionary services in the Virginia continental
line and navy, and whether further provisions be necessary in
regard to the mode of adjusting said claims, made a report in
part; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the minority of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, made a report, containing the vews of
the minority of the said committee on the subject-matter of
the inquiry above referred to; which was also ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. T. Irom the same committee, made an unfavorable re-
port on the petition of John Jackson, of England; which was
read, and laid on the table
Mr. T also, from the same committee, reported a bill for the
relief of E Pearceaml Mary M. Telfair; which was read twice,
and committed.
Mr. CRAIG, from the same committee, to which was re-
ferred the petitions of Robert P. Waller, executor of Thomas
Griffin, deceased, the petition of the heirs of Captain Stephen
Merritt, and the petition of Thomas Strat'en, made unfavora-
ble reports thereon; which were read, and severally laid on the
table.
On motion of Mr. CRAlQ, the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims was discharged from the further consideration of the
petitions of 8tephen and Richard Livingston, and Sarah Howe,
and the petitions were laid on the table.
Mr. ELY, from the same committee, reported a bill for the re-
lief of the heirs of Maj. John Campbell, deceased; which was
read twice, and committed.
Mr. HALL, from the same committee, to which was referred
the petitions of William McMillan, the heirs of Col. Uriah
Forrest, the heirs of William Nelson, and the heirs of Colonel
Burgess Ball, made unfavorable reports thereon; which were
severally laid on the tab'e.
Mr.JONESof Virginia, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill authorizing the employment of addi-
tional clerks, and increase of compensation to' messengers in
certain Departments; which was read, and committed. •
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES,
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways anil Means be dis-
charged from the further consiaeration of the following memo-
rials, viz:
From the inhabitants of Stark county, O'. do, for a reduction
of the salary of the President of the United States; from inhabi-
tants of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Bridgeport, Connecti-
cut, coach lace makers; from citizens of Apalachicola, in Flo-
rida, for an appropriation for deepening the port at that city;
from the Legislature of Iowa, for a survey of lands; and from
Robert Heysham, of Philadelphia; and that they be severally
laid on the table.
Mr. GRINNELL presented a memorial of pilots and others
of New York, praying for a repeal of a law regulating pilots,
passed on the 3d of March, 1837; which memorial wis referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. BELL,
Ordered,That the Committee on Indian Affairs bedischaiged
from the further consideration of the petitions of Milledge Gal-
eln and Col. George Fisher, and that they be referred to the
ommittee of Claims.
The House then resolved into Committee of the Whole
(Mr. Casbv in the chair,) and took up the civil and diplo-
matic bill.
Mr. ATHERTON resumed his remarks of yesterday, in the
course of which he alluded to the ground taken by the Opposi-
tion in relation to office holders. He said, from the remarks of
some gentlemen of that parly, it was evident that they con-
sidered office holders as a distinct body, entirely separated from
the people. Now be was surprised to hear such a position as-
sumed in relation to office holders, who were indirectly ap.
pointed by the people themselves. Did not the people elect
the President, to whom belonged the power of appointing to of.
fice, and in that way were not tne oft'-8 holders appointed by
the people, through their President? For his part, he could not
believe it was a disgrace to any man when he accepted an of-
fice fiom a President chosen by the people, and in whom they
confided that trust. So instead of the office holders being a
body distinct from the people, they were appointed and held
their office through the people. The individuals who held offi-
cial stations under Government, did not, thereby, as was main-
tained by some, lose the rights they had before their appoint-
ment. On the contrary, they still were a part of the people,
and it was an insult to the people for gentlemen to contend that
such was not the case.
Mr. A. then alluded lo the bill introduced by Mr. Bell, pro.
viding for the freedom of elections, and which provided that
officeholders should not interfeie in elections in any way what-
ever, under very severe penalties . Here, then, said Mr. A. is a
bill, which declares that those holding office directly from the
people of this country, are not a pan of the people. Mr. A.
went on to comment on the extreme injustice of such a bill, and
the blow it aimed at the rights of a portion of the people. He
showed that under the operation of that measure, a man holding
the smallest office under Government could not write or express
his opinion on any election before the people, without being sub-
jected to severe penalties. He asked how such a system would
work, when, far instance, there might a contest arise between
the people and a powerful moneyed corporation! It would be
very competent and proper for the numerous clerks of such a
moneyed institution to vote and exercise all the influence they
might possets. But at the very same time, the numerous body
of clerks and other office holders throughout the country, in
the employ of Government, could not even open their mouths,
much less to vote, in such a contest. No on ' would attempt to de-
prive the numerous officers of a great moneyed institution from
voting or taking anypart in pol ¡tics they chose. But the office hold-
ers appointed by the people, through their President, must be dis-
graced, disfranchised, and deprived of the>inestimable rights of
freemen. Yes, gentlemen of the Opposition would make it ap-
pear that it was a deep disgrace for a man to receive office from
a President chosen by the people. According to their doctrine,
the moment a man accepted office, that moment he last the
rights of a citizen, that moment he waa disqualified, and the
broad mark of disjraee branded upon bis forehead.
Aman might speak with the eloquence of a Cicero, or with
the foreeof a Demeethenes; he miglit write with a pen that
would carry conviction lo every mind. But notwithstanding
all this, his hand must be motionless, or his tongue silent, for
the great crime of accepting an office under a Democratic
Republican Government, an office conferred upon him by a
President chosen by the People.
Mr. A. alter some futher illustration, showin g the evil ten-
dency of the bill, read an extract from an address delivered by
Bancroft of Boston, on the principles ef Democracy. He said
the gentleman in question was one of those office holders, which
the bill sought to disqualify from speaking or writing; he was
a gentleman of great literary fame, whose history of this coun-
try alone wouldimmortalize him, and who had the "audacity"
to deliver a poliiical address at Hartford. He supposed the
gentleman from Tennessee would contend thtt this office
holder, in so doing, was going out of the ordinary walks of life;
but he (Mr. A) thought otherwise. In his opinion, so long as an
officer did not neglect his duty, it was not gnirg out of the
ordinary walks of "life to exeicise his talents for the good of his
country.
Mr A. then read a long extract from the address alluded to,
after which he asked whether gentlemen would wish to dis-
qualify a man capable of such a composition.
Mr. A. then adverted to a variety of other subjects, and in the
course of his remarks, said he conceived the great question
between parties to be the question (irresponsible, and irrespon-
sible power. He commented at some length on a speech de-
livered by Mi. Bell, in which the latter had contended that to
the office holders might be traced the origin of all the evils
which afflicted the people, and in which he had alluded to the
people as mere machines. Mr. A. thought that if the gentle-
man had such an opinion of the mass of the people, the wonder
was, not that he had attempted to deprive those chosen by the
people of the right to speak, but that he did not go further, and
deprive the people themselves of that right. He then alluded
t  the charges brought against the late President Jackson, and
the present Executive, as holding the doctrine of lesponsibili-
ty to the people. He would ask, if the President were not re-
sponsible to the people, of what, use was it for the people to
exercise their power of election) If an officer elected by the
people was not responsible to that people, we might justas Well
have a monarch or a President lor life.
Mr. A. in the course of his speech, alluded to the refusal of
General Harrison and his committee to permit his sentiments to
be known. lie then proceeded to show that it would be impos-
sible for a President to be held responsible to the people, unless
his sentiments were known. Not Aithsanding all that had been
said of the abstemious qualifications of General Harrison—of
his living on hard cider, &c —he (Mr. A ) was sure the
people would not be deceived by such hurras. The people
were more intelligent than to fall into such a trap. They would
net pay homage to a veiled candidate, lest, when the veil came
to be removed, they should discover they had been worshipping
a monster.
Mr. A. alluded to the speech of Mr. Citshino, on a former oc-
casion, when that gentleman said that "he thought, through the
pi esent gloom, he saw the Aurora of a brighter day," and in
which he had alluded to the wished for triumph of his party in
the New England States, as "the star of the East." Mr. A. re-
minded the gentleman that, on that occasion, he had also made
some predictions in relation to that "star of the East," and had
. prophesied that, when the true issue should be made, that star
would prove an ignis fatuus He had told the gentleman that
it was a delusive hope, and that the Democracy of the Nonh
would, when the proper moment should arrive, rise as one man.
He thuught that recent events should have taught the Whig
paity a little useful experience, but he was sorry to say that
they had received no benefit; nor had they availed themselves
of the salutary lessons those events were calculated to teach.
They reminded him of what Napoleon said of the Bourbons:
"that, amidst all their vicissitudes, they had learnt nothing, and
had forgotten nothing.'' So it was with the Opposition. Recent
events had taught them nothing, and, with a strange infatuation,
they were laising a fabric, whose dome they Imagined would
reach to heaven. But, amidst all this delusios, the people
were looking quietly on, awaiting, in calm confidence, unti
their hour for exertion should arrive. And he would tell the
gentleman that, when that hour did arrive, the people would
arise and gloriously vindicate their rights. They would write
in capitals of pibe the noble truth, that man is capable of self-
government. Yes, they would rise in their might, and, in a mo-
ment, scatter to the winds an unholy, a disjointed, and con opt
Confederacy
Mr. MASON went ino an examination of the course of de-
bate by the friends of the Administration. He said he saw in
that course a concerted plan on their part to revive old party
distinctions, and to identify the opponents of the present Admi-
nistration with the old Federal party. He considered it highly
unpatriotic and illiberal. He endeavored to prove that that
party lost its political organization at the conclusion of the war;
that the parties as they were at that time organized, resolved
themselves into their original elements. He then read the letter
Of General Jackson to President Monroe, in which he recom-
mended that his appointments should be made without distinc-
tion of party. He commented upon that letter, and commended
it as highly patriotic. The policy of confining Executive ap-
pointments to a particular pany, robbed the coutitiy of the ser-
vices of valuable men. General. Jackson had invited that party
to his support; and after his election to the Presidency, took care
of them, by liberally bestowing offices upon them. His prin-
cipal advisers at one time were of that party; but the party
now, with the Globe at their head, were flouting and denouncing
the Whigs as Federalists. They now repudiated this doctrine
and condemned this practice of President Jackson. His great
objection to the Administration party was, that thev preached
Democracy and denied the practice. They shouted the hero of
Orleans, and denounced his precepts. He adverted to the Sub-
Treasury, and denounced it, contending that it would operate
injuriously to the interests of the country; he said tha
although it was not passed into a law, that it had
been in practical operation for three years.
He complained of and censured the course of Mr. Bancroft,
the officer at the customs at Boston, who it seemed had spoken
to influence the elections at Massachusetts; and had aleo writ-
ten a certain treatise on Democratic principles, which had been
commended by the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Atsbrton 1 Mr. M. was understood to condemn it as an un-
warrantable interference of an office holder to influence the
elertions. He spoke generally of such influence, and of the
biU|of tha gentleman from TecBetwe [Mr. Bell] to prevent tha
