CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
957
iiiterferanee. Heihoufhi,if tbejueilneatJoo ia lbs argument of
of the tenUeman from New Hainpabir* [Mr. Atortoh] should
obtain, and become a settled principle, that the passage of such
ebill would become necessary. In apeakiDgoitneresponsibility
of the Presijent, lie sutil that officer *  no' responsible to the
people; but was amenable to the House as the grand inquest
of the nitiim. The on J power which the people bad was to
refuse to re-elect. He went ras/aii argument to show that the
Federal office holders should not interfere in the elections; be-
cause they were not responsible totho people, but to the
source from which they derived their appointment. He then
spoke of the banking system, and the favorable condition of the
exchangee under the Bank ol the failed States.
Mr. MORGAN obuioedthe floor, and spoke at some length,
for the purpose of iJenufyinf the old Federal party of New
York with (be present Administration, and contended that Gen.
Jackson bail made some of Ins most prominent appointments
from that party, lie was understood to say that such was the
Federalism ol the party, at the head of which Martin Van Bu-
r.-o stood id IAD, toai a large number of the most ultra anti. war
and Federal party came nut with a manifesto and joined with
Mr. Van Bureo, lie believed they were then called the lurty
thieves, among which was William Price, who lately left this
country a defaulter, and who was still an adherent of the pre-
sent Administration.
Mr. JONES of New York rose and asked hjs colleague if he
was quite certain i hat William Price was one of the Federal
tiighininded men that came over to the Republican party in
liSO, remarking that he held ia his hand the ancient manifesto
published in that year, but he was unable to find in the list of
tie signers the name of William Price, and added, that he knew
cl but one out of the forty Federal gentlemen who ia now a
friend of th  Administration.
Mr. MORGAN resumed, and made rtroe remarks on various
other topics, particularly the expenses of Government, and the
principles of Mr. Tan Buren as compared with Gen. Harrison.
Mr. RARIDEX replied to the arguments on the several topics
which bad been indulged in, in the discussion on this bill. He
went into an examination of the causes of the defeat of the Cum-
berland road bill, and endeavored to prove that the responsibility
of the defeat rested with the Administration. lie said that i fit
bad been an Administration measure, it would have passed;
from which he inferred that the Executive was opposed to the
road. Mr. R. examined the claims of General Harrison to the
Presidency, and was understood to argue that he was possessed
of such principles as would bring into the Treasury ofthe na-
tion means adequate to construct objects of internal improve-
mem, particularly the Cumberland road.
Mr. CLIFFORD obtained the floor. He did not know the
intention of the committee in relation to the action on the bill;
but it was his wish to make some remarks upon it. It was
past ten o'clock; and—
Mr. CALHOUN of Massachusetts  hoped  the  gentleman
would give way for a motion  for the committee to rise; and
Mr. Clifford having yielded, Mr. Calhoun made that motion.
Mr.   PROFFTT objected.     He wished to speak, and was
willing to proceed, late as the hour was.
Tellers being demanded on the motion, Messrs. Rajisbr and
GiBDWos were appointed such, who reponed, ayes 27, noes
71: no quorum voting.
The committee rose, and its chairman reported that fact to
the House,- and,
After some remarks from Mr. EVANS, going to show that it
would be impossible to get the bill out or committee that night,
be moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. JONES of Virginia demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and were, yeas 43, nays 88. So the House re-
fated to adjourn.
The House then resolved itself into Committee ofthe Whole,
(Mr. Casey in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
Mr. CLIFFORD then took the floor, and spoke at great length.
In the course of his remarks, he read a number of extracts
from various papers, to prove that whatever might have been
(hecluogeof name, or coarse of action, the principles of the
tw i great parties remain the same.
Mr. C. then went on at some length to define the principles
which governed the Demoei atic party, and those by which the  ¡
old Federal and present Whig patty were influenced.
He adverted to the tariff question, the public lands, a Na- !
ttonal Bank, and other important subjects over which the line
of demarcation was drawn between the two parties. He then
went on to show what were (he views of General Harrison on
these subjects, and that in case of his election, it must be ex-
pected that he would favor a high tariff, a National Bank, and
Ihe appropriation of the pnbhc money for internal improve-
ments. Nothing else could be expected from his past course,
which was the only, and perhaps the best, criterion for judg-
ing;. Bat if the friends of Harrison thought otherwise, why
did they not come at once to the issue, and give a diie:t answer
It the questions? If the hero him?elf was not permitted to
speak, why did not his friends speak for him? But experience
bad proved that such was a vain expectation, for when they
were asked if their candidate was in favor of a national
Bank,they would answer, "hard cider." If they were
desired to state what were hi* views in relation to the ta-
riff, a cry was raised about "log cabin" and the "poor man's
friend/
Mr. C. then weal on to say that the working classes had
more intelligence than to be duped by such shallow trickery;
that they would hold no candidate as their friend, who steadily
refused to let them know what his opinions were on subjects to
them ofthe highest importance.
Mr. DILLET obtaine I the floor, and moved that the commit
"V!f'wmch gestión was taken by tellers, [Messrs. Psxktibs
and Cub acting as such]    Result, ayes 41, noes 49—no
quorum voting.
The committee rose, and its chairman reported that (act to
lbí/I<í;Sr.¡íJÜtin*'now half-past 11 o'clock.
JJr. PROFF1T move d a calf of the House.
Mr. HOFFMAN moved that the House adjourn; and
The yeas and nays having been demanded, were ordered, and
were—yeas S3, nays S3.                                                       '
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative; and
The House accordingly, at 12 o'clock, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
«      ,r«. ^tukday, April 25,1840.
Mr. JENIFER raid that, a few days ago, Executivt docu-
nents on the subject of tobacco had been sent to the House, In
*apr* to the resolution of the 9th of March.   Instead of moving
that the whole of them be printed, be had bean instructed try tin
Select Committee on Tobacco to aak leave to have such exuacts
printed as they might think proper.
Which leave wasgranted.
Tile SPEAKER announced that the first business in order
was the considerad n of the motion made yesterday by Mr.
C'RAin, to prim icn thousand extra copies of the report of the
majority au>l niniotiiy of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, in relation to Virginia Revolutionary claims.
Mr. BANKS moved that five thousand, instead of ten thou-
sand, be printed.
Mr. OAKLAND of Virginia moved that two thousand be
printed.
And the several questions having been taken, two thousand
extra copies of the eaid reports were ordered to be printed.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked leave to submit a report from the
Committee on the Public Buildings, and said it was a matter of
great importance.
Mr. CARR objected, and hoped that committees would make
thdr re ortsin regular older.
The SPEAKER then called upon the several committees for
reports, when
Mr. CAS BY, from the Committee on Private Land Claims,
reported Senate bill, No. 64, for the relief of Joseph Campan,
without amendment. Also, Senate bill, No. 80, entitled ''An
act for the relief of Isabella Hill, widow, and John Hill, Eliia-
beth Hill, and Samuel Hill, children and minor heirs at law t.f
Samuel Rill, deceased," was reported without amendment;
which were commiited to the Committee oi the Whole.
Mr. E- D. WHITE, from the same committee, reported Se-
nate bill, No. 47. entitled "An act to authorize the issuing of a
patent to the heirs or legal representatives of Francis Roward,
deceased," without amendment; winch was committed to the
Committee ofthe Whole.
Mr. HASTINGS ofMassachuseits, from the same committee,
reported a bill tor the relief of WilliamTrask, accompanied by
a report; also, a bill fot the relief of Robert Casey, of the State
of New York, accompanied by a report; which bills were read
twice, and committed to the Committee ofthe Whole.
Mr. DILLET, from the same Committee, made adverte re-
ports en the memorial of Jesse H. Willis, representative of
James Minnie; also, on the petition of Charles Morgan, assignee
of Perruquier; which were laid upon the table.
Mr. D. also reported a bill for the relief of Jamea Shields,
accompanied by a report; anda report on the memorial of Jo-
seph Young, accompanied by a bill for the relief of John Pratt,
or his legal representatives; which were severally lead twice,
and committed to the Committee ofthe Whole.
On motion of Mr. DILLET, the Committee on Private Land
Claims was discharged from the further consideration ofthe pe-
tition of Ephraim Beaseley, and it was referred tolhecommittee
ol Invalid Pensions. Also, from the cases of John S. Wilson,
James Roan, and B. M. Duncan, and from the memorial ofthe
Legislature of Florida, in relation to pre-emptions; which weie
laid upon the table.
Mr. ADAMS, fr m the Committee on manufactures, reported
a bill to authorize the importation, free of duty, of the iron ma-
terials for certain iron vessel!-; which was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee ofthe Whole.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Manufactures be dis-
charged from the memorials of citizens of Claremont, Gilsum,
Acworth, and Croydon, in New Hampshire, respecting frauds
in the importation of woollen goods, and that Ihey be commit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole. Also, from the petitions of
citizens of Green county and Monroe county, in the State of
New York, respecting the spirit ration in the army and navy,
and that they be referred to the Committee on Naval and Mili-
tary Affairs. Also, from the petition of inhabitants of Alton, in
Massachusetts, for a repeal of the duly on foreign spirits, and
that it be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means. Also,
from the petition of citizens of the United States for a duty on
imported silks, and from the petition of umbrella makers hi the
city of New York, and that said petition be referred to the Com-
mitteeof the Whole. Also, from the petitions ofthe manufactu-
rers of starch in the cities of Philadelphia and New York,
Also, from the petition of cigar manufacturer  in Providence,
Rhode Island, and that it lie on the table.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, reported
a joint resolution to authorize the Secretary of War to con'i.
nue certain clerks employed in the Office of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs; which was read twice by its title.
Mi. B. stated that the committee had had under consideration
the message of the President and the accompanying statement,
which had satisfied ihem lhat it was necessary to continue the
employment of these clerks, (two in number;) and, as the law
under which they were employed would expire in a few days,
he hoped that the House would act now on the resolution, and,
if necessary, go into committee.
In answer to an inquiry, the SPEAKER declared that the
resolution must be committed, unless, by general consent, the
House would dispense with its commitment.
And the House having, by general consent, agreed to do so,
the resolution, having been ordered to a third reading, was read
a third time, and passed.
Mr. CROSS, irom the tame committee, reported a bill to
provide for running the northern boundary line of the tract of
land reserved for the use ofthe half breeds of the Sac and Fox
tribe of Indians, which was re.d twice, and committed to the
Committee ofthe Whole.
Mr. JOHN W. ALLEN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the benefit of John W. Hall, accom-
panied by a report; which bill was road twice, and committed
to the Committee ofthe Whole.
Mr. POPE, from the Committee on the Territories, reported
the following resolution, viz:
Resolved, That the 27th and 28th days of May next be set
apart lor the consideration of Territorial business.
Two-thirds not voting therefor, it was consequently rejected.
Mr.TALIAFERRO, fiom the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, reported the following hills, viz;
A bill for the relief of Charles Fitzgerald, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Nancy Wilson;
A bill for the relief of Mary McCurdy;
A bill for the reliefof Job Hawkins;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Graham;
A bill for the relief of Capt. Presley Gray;
A bill iorthe relief of Eleanor Clark;
A bill for the reliefof William Fitzgerald;
A bill for the relief of Colwn Evans;
accompanied by a report In each cites which Wit war  read
ttvice, and committed to the Committee af the Whole.
Mr. T. from the same committee, also reportad that the com-
mittee had examined the petitions of tha undermentioned pet-
eons, and, as none of them are sustained by requisite evidente,
the committee recommend thsit rejection, viz; Nanry Mora-
field, Julia S. Hnrton, Ebenezer Storer, Lydia Steele, Eunice
Evereon, John Groves, John F Empie, Conrad Watts, John
Hoover, Jacob Nugent, Samuel Hum, Anne Royal, Joeeph
WeauJohn Weedon, SuaaiiRodgers, Oliver Whaley, James
W. Lytell, Thomas Fulton, Ansies Dabutt, Mary E. Carney.
Lucretia Brown, Phineaa Allen, William Paris, Anne Huffs"
man, Edward Chamberlain, Sarah Leslie, James Barrett, Nan-
cy, Y te*. Isaac Levan, Ann Bill, Catharine Anient, Luey In*
galls, and Daniel Harris.
On motion of Mr. TALIAFERRO,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolut'onary Pensione be
discharged from the petitioh of Ebenezer Stetson, and that it
be refetred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. T. reported back to the House Senate bill No. 113, enti-
tled "An act for the rtlief of Samuel Crapin," without amend-
men; which was.committed to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. T. alto reported a joint resolution for the benefit of cer-
tain widows of Revolutionary soldiers; which being raid the
second time, Mr. T. moved that the bill be pasted to its third
reading.
Mr. J. W. JONES hoped that it would not be forced through
in this hasty manner. It was due to the House that an oppor-
tunity should be afforded to examine into the existing laws, as it
would require five or six millions of dollars to satisfy those in-
tended to be provided for by this bill.
Mr. TALIAFERRO said it was entirely in his power to ob-
viate all objections.
Mr. CRAIG remarked that he would show the operation of
this bill, and would state a case.
Mr STANLY objected, and.
On motion of Mr. TALIAFERRO, the bill was committed te
the Committee ofthe Whole.
Mr HAND, from the same committee, reported
A bill for the relief of John Keith;
A bill for the relief of George M. Bedinger;
A bill for the relief of Betsey Ingalls;
wbich were severally read, and committed to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. II. also made adverse reports in the catei of Sarah
Chase, Robert Brownfield, Joel Leftwich, Isaac McHecry, and
James B. Rice; which were laid on the table.
Mr H. moved that the committee be discharged from the
consideration of the case of Hugh Mallory, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions; which was agreed
to.
Also, the same motion In the case of John W. W. Godbold, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. STEENROD,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensiona, to
which was referred the petition ofMosee Wiight, be discharged
from the further consideration thereof, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. CARR, from the same committee, made the following
report:
A bill for the relief of Mary Campbell, widow of J. Camp-
bell;                                                                                          '
A bill for the reliefof Francis Greene of Kentucky, widow of
Robert Green;
A bill for the reliefof Mary Wolfe of Pennsylvania, widow of
John Wolfe;
which were read twice, an! committed tolheOormnittte of tha
Whole.
Mr. C. made advene reporta on the following cases, viz:
Esther Culver, former widow of Moses Jones;
Margaret Hendrickson, widow of John liendnckson;
Eleanor Wiggeits, widow of William Wiggens;
Lewis Quick;
James Quackenbuah;
Susan Pattun, widow of William Pat ton;
Sarah Crawford, widow of          Crawford;
Simon S. Murrill, referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions;
Park Holland, asking increase of pension; and
Hylva Bond: no evidence to sustain the claim.
A joint resolution having been reported for (he benefit of cer-
tain widows of Revolutionary soldiers, the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petitions of John Pratt and others, ol Massachusetts,
Stephen Taylor, and others, of the same State, and Elisha Hall
and others, of New York; and they were ordered to lie on U> 
table.
Mr. C. also made an advene report on the case of Griswold
Every; and the committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Ankey Godsey.
Mr. C. reported a bill to extend the provisions of an act enti-
tled "An act supplementary to the act for the relief of certain
surviving officers and soldiers of the Revolution," approved tha
7th June, 1832; which, on h,s motion, was referred to tha Com-
mittee of the Whole on the slate of the Union.
Mr. EDWARD DaVIES, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the benefit of the hein of Seth Chapín.
Also, a bill for the relief nf Eppe Van Nets.
Which were severally read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
On motion ol Mr. DA VIES,
Ordered, That tha Committee on Revolutionary Pension*,
to which was referred the petition of George Parcel!, be dis-
charged from the further consideration* thereof, and that it ba
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SAMUEL W. MORRIS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions made unfavorable reports on the petitions of Dr. R.
R. G. Lee, and Francis L. Pratt; which were read, and laid on
the table.
Mr. RANDALL, from the same committee, reported a bill
granting a pension to George Hemstrong; also, a bill granting 
Sension to Jamea Wright, jr ; alto, a bill granting a pension to
ohn W. Cox; which were severally read twice, and committed
to the Committee ofthe Whole.
On motion of Mr. STRONG, the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions wat discharged from the further consideration of tbe pe-
titions of Shirley Klllogg, Joseph Davit, John Kellenger, «amuel
Griffith, James H. Cauttin, administrator of Joseph o.0,We<
Joseph Coberl , and the legal representatives of CePtaJri John
Jordan, deceased; and the petitions were laid on the «Die.
