358
M-. WADDV THOMPSON, from the Committee on Milita*
ry Affairs, reported back Senate bill No. 207, entitled "An act to
authorize the President of the United States to raise one thou-
sand rive hundred men to serve against the Florida Indians,"
without amendment; which was committed to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. T. from the sama committee, to which was referred the
memorial of citizens of the Territory of Iowa, praying to be
supplied with arms, made an unfavorable report thereon; which
was real, and laid on the table.
Mr. T. also reported the following resolutions, which were
ommittedto the Committee of the Whole:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to have
constructed a bomb cannon upon the principle of Mr. John W.
Cochran's invention, capable of carrying a sixty-four pound
ball, or «hells of eight inches, under the direction and supervi-
sion of Mr. Cochran; and thai $10,000 be appropriated for that
' purpose; and also to defray the expenses of a lull experiment of
the said cannon, under the supervision of board of officers of
the army and navy, to be appointed by the Secretaries ef War
and of the Navy.
Resolved, That $2,000 be appropriated for the purchase of
the bomb cannon of John W. Cochran by the Secretary of War
if the result of the experiment be favorable.
Mr. GRINNEL, fr <m the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
which was referred the memorial of Ann Mix, made a report
thereon, accompanied by a bill, to enable the Secretary of the
Navy to purchase from the widow of the late Capt. M. P. Mix,
the right of using a patent machine on board ships of war, or
other public vessels: which bill was read twice and committed
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FLETCHER, from the Committee on Patents, reported
a bill for the further promotion of the arts; which.was read
twice, and committed to the Committee of the Whole.
On motion of Mr. FLETCHER, the Committee on Patents
wis discharged from the further considerationof the petitions
of Chauncey Hall, Henry M. Shreve, Seth Chase, and'Henry
Wyman, administrator ot EzraSlifer; which petitions were laid
on the table.
Mr. F. reported back Senate bill No. 160, entitled "An act for
the relief of Hazard Knowles," without amendment; which was
committed to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PETRIKIN, from the Committee on the Public Buildings
and Grounds, made a report on the petition of Masterton and
Smith, accompanied by ajoint resolution for their relief.
Mr. P. asked the indulgence of the House to have it read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired whether any security had been   ,
given for the performance of the contract.                                  I
Mr. PETRIKIN said that ten per cent, of the money had been
retained.
The resolution being engrossed, was then read the third lime
and passed.
The hour of one having «nivea,
The SPEAKER announced the special order of the day.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. JON ES of Virginia, the House resolved it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Case* of Illinois in the chair,) on the bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expeasis .of the Govern-
ment for the year 18-10.
Mr. D1LLETT was entitled to the floor, but yielded it to en-
able'
Mr. MORGAN to make a personal explanation.
Mr. DILLETT then addressed the committee at great length,
in a critical examination of the benefits of the Sub-Treasury
scheme. He contended that it would be more expensive to the
Government, for additional officers, than was apparent upon'
the bee of the bill; and that there were sufficient officers now
to collect the revenue. He thought the Treasury, as at present
organized, was abundantly adequate to collect and disburse the
revenues: that this bill was unnecessary, on the ground that
.there was nothing to put away, or to take care of: that the de-
' manda upon the Government were always in advance of the re-
sources it had on hand to meet said demands Even if the hill i
pWMtMl was nothing more than theTreasury of the United 8tates
at last. That theTreasury, as now organized, was underthe con-
trol of lawj.but the Sub-Treasury bill.though it may be guarded '
in its previsions, would be in effect placing under th  control
ofthe President of the United States the treasure of the nation,
on the ground that he would have the appointment of the offi-
cers to carry out the system. It was a proposition, he said, to
make a bankrupt Treasury an independent Treasury. He also
contended that tbe treasure ofthe nation was under the control
of law when in the Bank of the United States, but since that
time it was not. So soon as the bill passed, it would place an '
additional value on specie, and to.that degree tend to depreciate
paper; and would, in the same degree, derange the currency j
and prove detrimental to commerce. He also contended that the
system would prove impracticable, had not the Treasury Note
bill been passed—that the Government could not be carried on
six months under that system, without the aid of the Treasure
Note bill.                                                                          '
Mr. D. then went into an historical examination ofthe condi-
tion of the currency underthe Bank of tbe United States; con-
tending that it was better regulated under that institution than
any other system; that the exchanges were more equal. The
Currency-was more uniform and valuable when that institution
Was in existence; because the Suite institutions were compelled
to be limited to a proper issue; that they were restricted to tbe
issue of a limited proportion of notes to the specie in their
vaults. The State banks then had somebody to settle up their
accounts for them. Yes, it wag this "monster" that prevented
the Democratic institutions from running the country into ruin.
It prevented these State institutions from depreciating the cur-
rency of the States. Mr. D. then went into a long argument to
prove the beneficial effect  of a Bank of the United Slates and
itsconstitutiouality.                                                                 I
Mr. D. continued his remarks till past 4 o'clock, when he  I
gave way to                                                                            j
Mr. UNDERWOOD, who moved that the committee rise,   I
aad the question being put, there were—ayes 49, nays 40; no
quorum voting.
The committee rose, and the chairman reported that fact to  I
tbe House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD inquired of the Chair whether he could
make a report from the Select Committee on the Rencontre.
The CHAIR sai*! if thurfl was no objection, the report would
be received.
Mr. PETO.'KIN cüíceted,   It was an ¡¡Tegular way of doing
biittofM,                                                                                  '
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. McKAY moved a call ofthe House; upon which the yeas
and nays having been ordered, were—yeas 58,nay «38.
The call having been proceeded in for a short time, it was
then, by universal consent, dispensed with; when
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Select Committee appointed
to report the facts of the unpleasant rencontre between Messrs.
Bynum and Garland of Louisiana, made a report containing
a statement of facts, based on the written testimony of a num-
ber of witnesses; which testimony accompanied the report.
The committee recommended no resolution, nor did they ac-
company the narrative with a single remark, conceiving it their
duty to confine themselves to a naked statement of the facts as
they occurred.   It will be published hereafter.
The report having been read,
On motion of Mr. BUTLER of Ky. the report and testimony
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVERETT moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered, and were—yeas 54, nays 41.
So the House, at 4J o'clock, adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Mondav, April 27,1810.
The CHAIR submitted the following message from the Presi-
dent ofthe United States, which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs:
To the Senate of the United States:
I transmit herewith a report and accompanying documents
from the Secretary of War, which furnish the information in
relation to that portion ofthe defences ofthe country entrusted
to the charge and direction ofthe Department of War, called
for by the resolution of the Senate ol the 2d of March, 1839.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington City, April 4,1840.
Also, a message of the President, transmitting a report from
the Postmaster General, in further compliance with the resolu-
tion ofthe Senate of December 30,1839; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORVELL presented the petition of sundry citizens of
Michigan, praying the passage of a genetal bankrupt law;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. PIERCE, the petition and papers of Hul-
dah Tucker were taken from the files and referred to the Cení-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. FULTON presented the memorial of Charles Gordon;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, to which was referred the petition of Stokes and
Purdom, made an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions, to which
was referred
The memorial of John Martin;
The memorial of Martin Burk;
The memorial of Stephen Dunham;
Made adverse reports thereon; which were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Pensions, to which was
referred the memorial of Benjamin French, made an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on the Public Lands,
to which was referred the memorial ofthe citizens of fractional
township 34 of Will county, Illinois, in the State of Illinois,
asked to be discharged from its further consideration, and that
it be laid on the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. P. also, from the Committee on Pensions, reported a bill
granting «pension to Molly Witley; which was read, and order-
ed to a second reading.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were taken up on their third reading,
read a third time, and passed, and sent to the House for concur-
rence:
Bill for the relief of Joseph Bassett.
Btl foe the relief of John S. Billings.
Bill for the relief of Henry Wilson.
Bill for the relief of John Compton, assignee and represen-
tative of Garrigues Flaujac.
Bill for the relief of George de Paasau, of Louisiana..
Bill fot the relief of N. G. Hamilton.
Bill for the relief of Samuel Lord.
Bill for the relief of Tyler Spafford.
Bill fur the relief of Casper W. Wever.
Bill for the relief of Mary Neal, widow of Samuel Neal, de-
ceased.
Bill for the relief of Jacob Pennell and others, owners of the
Eliza, of Brunswick.
Bill for the relief of Francis A. Harrison.
Bill for the relief of Jean Baptiste Comeau.
Bill for the relief of the legal representative or representa-
ivesof of Pierre Bonhomme.
Bill for the relief of the legal representatives of John Scott.
Bill granting a pre- emption right to Enoch Evans.
Bill confirming the claim of the heirs of Joseph Thompson,
deceased, to a tract of land in Missouri.
Bill for the relief of Thomas P. Copes.
Bill for the relief of Samuel Mackay.
Bill for the relief of the Ilegal representatives of Aaron Vail,
deceased, late consul at L'Orient.
Bill for the relief of Alfred P. King.
Bill for the relief of Henry Lucas.
Bill granting a pension to Pamela Allen, widow of Samuel
Allen, a soldier ofthe Revolution-
Bill for the relief the legal representatives of George Duval,
and others.
Bill for the relief of Jubal B. Hancock.
Bill for the relief of Charles McKinzie.
Biil for the relief of James II. Relfe.
Bill for the relief of Thomas and Ralph Haskins.
Bill for the relief ofFiancis Laveature, Ebenezer Childs.and
Linus Thompson.
Bill to amend the act entitled "An act to amend an act enti-
tled 'An act for laying off the towns of Fort Madison and Bur-
lington, in the county of Des Moines, and the towns of Belle-
view, Dubuque, and Peru, in the county of Dubuque, Territory
of Wiskonsin, and for other purposes.' "
The following bills which have passed the House, were taken
up on their third reading, read a third time, and finally passed:
An act for the relief of Richard Booker and others.
An act for the relief of Thoma« W. Taylor.
Ail act for the relief of Cam IisJ £, Smufi,
An act for the relief of John T. Addoms, executor of John
Addoms.
An act for the relief of Meigs D Benjamin and others.
An act for the relief of William Wickham.
An act for the relief of George Willis.
An act for the relief of Robert Mitnor and John Thompson.
An act for the relief of Nathan Levy.
An act to authorize James Alexander to relinquish a tract of
land, and to locate other land in lieu thereof.
An act for the relief of James Brewer, of Ohio.
An act for the relief of James L. Cochran.
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal representatives of
John Grimball, senior.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Fillcbrown, jr. was taken
up, with the report of the Comrmitee on Claims, recommend-
ing its indefinite postponement, and, after an animated discus-
sion, in which Messrs. HUBBARD and TAPPAN opposed the
bill, and Messrs. SOUTHARD, PRESTON. HENDERSON,
and DIXON advocated its passage, it was indefinitely postponed
—veas 23, nays 11, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lump-
kin, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Robinson, Sevier,
Strange, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Wright, and Young—23.
NAYi—Messrs. Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Henderson,
Knight, Merrick, Porter, Preston, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
and White—H.
The bill for the relief of John Underwood was also indefi-
nitely postponed.
The Senate then went into Executive session, and afterwaids
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 27,1S40.
The journal having br en read,
Mr. CAMPBELL ol South Carolina rose and asked leave to
make a statement relative to a matter personal to himself.
No objection being made,
Mr. CAMPBELL referred to a part of Mr. Jenifer's lately
published speech relative to pioceedings in the Committee of
Elections, and read a clause to which the report stated that Mr.
J. had asked an answer to some inquiry put by him to Mr. C.
"without equivocation."
If such a term had been used by the gentleman when speak-
i ing, it had escaped the ear of Mr. C; and when he had read it
in the report, he had had an explanation with the gentleman
from Maryland, which he was happy to say was of a character
entirely satisfactory. He disclaimed every thing like inten-
tional ambiguity in his language on that and on all occasions.
Mr. JENIFER said the statement now given by the gentle-
man from South Carolina was correct. Such an explanation
had taken place, and it was entirely satisfactory on both sides.
In preparing the report uf that speech, Mr. J. had made use, in
part, ofthe notes ofthe Reporter, and in part of his own; and,
on consulting the notes, he found that the word "quibble" was
there written, and not the word equivocation. Whichever
word he had actually employed, .he had not meant it in any
personal or offensive sense.
THE PRIVILEGE REPORT.
The SPEAKER announced the report of the Select Commit-
tee on the difficulty which had occurred between Messrs. By-
KUMandGABLAND to be the business first inorder.
Mr.BRlGGS stated to the Chair that, although the report, and
the documents accompanying it had been ordered to be printed
he did not find it on the tables of members; and, on inquiry, had
ascertained that it had not been sent to the Printer; why, he did
not know, and wished to understand.
Mr. CAMPBELL then asked permission to say a word in
relation to the report made on Saturday, on the subjeet of tb 
recent unpleasant affair which had taken place in the House
between Messrs. Bvnum and Rice Garland. He said it
would be recollected that the vote on the motion to print the
report and testimony, was taken just as the House was on the
point of adjournment, and that the motion was agreed to. in a
great measuro, sub silentio. As for himself, he believed he
did not vote, except in that way. Now, upon reflection, he
was convinced that no benefit could accrue from the printing
or that report, nor would it reflect any credit on the House. If
the House had felt disposed to punish for contempt, it ap-
peared to him that it should have been done upon the spot, a*
was the practice in our courts of justice. With these views,
if it was in order, he would move a reconsideration of the vote
by which the report and accompanying testimony had been or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. BRIGGS hoped the motion would not prevail; many
false, imperfect,'garbled accounts of the occurrence htuTgone
to the public and it was necessary that a true and authentic
account shouldbefgiven.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, said that the motion to recon-
sider gave him an opportuni.y to say what he ought to have
said, and should have said at the time, had this not have pre-
cluded by the course immediately adopted by the House; and
the observations of some gentlemen, afterwards made, were
such as forbade him then to offer what he had now to say.
The committee had performed the duty assigned it, and had
reported the facia ofthe case as the members of the commit-
mittee understood and believed them to have occurred, but
had recommended na course of action thereon. He would
take this opportunity to say that the affair had happened very
suddenly, so much so that one moment before it took place he
liad not had the remotest expectation of any thing of the
kind. Members of that House, who had known him during
the seven years he had held a seat in It, could not suppose it
to have been his deliberate purpose to do anything disrespect-
ful to the House. Whether, in what he had done, he had
been wright or wrong, it was for the House and not for him to
say; he certainly, however, had been himself under the im-
pression at the time that it was right, and under that impres-
sion he had acted; but, in a few moments after, he had felt
convinced that this was not the place for nuchan act Under
the impulse of the instant, he had certainly done what, accord-
ing to the strict interpretation of the rules, was a eontempt of
the House, although he was far from having had any such
intention. If the course lately adopted bv the House [Mr O.
was understood to allude to the passage of the anti-duelling
regulation) had been such as to impress the members of Con-
g.esa with the idea that they wrie not protected from insult lr
lis authority, bui that every gentleman must prol'et himself.
3 it w&s not Mr. G'b fault.   sucJi an impression did exist, and
