CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
toa greu extent.   MsoncluJeJ by repeating the declaration
that he hi.i Iwroored no intention of disrespect to the House.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired w'ict'ier Mr  I'ispaiai.'sinotioa
lo recoaaaler emtiraceu both the report aud tesuuuniy I
,  Mr. CaMPUELL said it applied to both.
Mr. F. vnen sud he s.ojid oppose ihe tnot.oo. It the re-
port was mought tv give the facts correctly, there might be no
necessity oí pnaunj the tesuoiony, but he never would con-
sent to suppress tae pru>i.ng ot the rep-rt. The case was
one which had an important bearing on the decorum and dig-
nuy ol the House, ami ibey ouf lu, in deciding upon it, to hare
the report before them.
Mr. PETR1KIN, after some remarks on the habitual disre-
gard of order iu the House, was understood to say ihat the les*
there wa  «aid about iliisarlair, the better it would be tor the
ihguity aad reputation 01 the House. He ho|>ed the motion to
reconsider wuuli prevail, and that none ui the papers would
be printed.
Mr. VaNUERPOEL w  opposed to the motion. lie hoped
the House would uot reconsider lia rute lor the printing. It
was cvi.i nt that a thousand dMtoned versions of the affair had
goue lorth u> thecouury,  .h( n was due to the House and the
paruee implicated to have the truth made known. The letter
writers would no doubt do injustice to the parties; and it there-
fore became ncctsaury that the truth, and the who*e truth,
should appear. He had heard no goo 1 reason advanced in favor
of tlie motion to reconsider, nor did he heliere there could be
any. He hoped the House would bare the whole matter
printed.
Mr. CURTIS rose to a point of order. He understood the
gentleman from South Carolina to say that he did not rote on
the motion to prim: and that being the case, he did not see how
he could move a reconsideration.
The SPEAKER understood the gentleman from South Caro-
lina had voted affirmatively, although suit silentio.
Mr. BANKS concurred with the gentleman trom New York,
[Mr. Vasdertosl,] in his opinion that the report ought to be
printed. It couid not be doubted but that erroneous versions of
the affair would go forth to the country. It was, therefore,
highly accessary to have the whole primed, so that the matter
might be laid belore the country in an official form, when the
people could lorio their own opinion. Mr. B. then moved the
previous fines'ion, which was seconded by the House.
The main question being then ordered on the motion to recon-
■ der, it was decided aa follows: yeas 21), nays 143. So the
Hoot* refused to reconsider.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the further consideration
of the «abject was postponed until to-morrow.
The CHAIR announced that the next business in order was
the motion made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweney]
to reconsxlet the vote, by which leave was refused the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to introduce a bill to vest the
appointment of district attorneys and marshals of the United
States in certain courts, and providing that the emolu-
ments of said officer* shall in no case exceed $3,000.
Mr. SWENEY, who was entitled to the floor, rose and said:
Mr. Speaker, 1 did not make this motion for the purpose of af.
lording myself an opportunity of making a speech. I did not
¡rilen I it at the time the motion was made, and although some
lime has sines elapsed, yet I do not now intend it. The le-
gitimate subjects for discussion under this motion, whatever
they might be upon the bill itself, it appears to meare too much
circumscribed in their extent and character to afford me that
opportunity eren if I now lelt such a disposition; and, as I am
not on* of those who believe, or practise as though'.hey did be-
here, that, under every possible question that can arise in this
Home, every possible matter is debatable, 1 shall content my-
self with ottering, in very few words, a very few reasons why I
hare made this motion.
My first object then is to afford to myself and to some others,
I bal*, who nave had an opportunity of reflecting upon the
previsions and tendency of this bill, an opportunity of changing
our rates.
Str, it did appear to me, on a moment's reflection, as not al-
together courteous, and I have since learned, from older mem-
bers than mys If, that it has not been considered as courteous,
especially in this House, where courtesy and urbanity are so
much regarded, ta refuse to any gentleman leave to introduce a
bill, under the rules of the House, where the subject is proper
for legislative action.
1 have stated, on a former occasion, that I was under the im-
pssssian, at the time I gave my vote, that the rules of the
House would have to be suspended in order to grant the privi-
lege to introduce thebilL Ibis would have been a sufficient
reason for withholdine my consent, as in that event I would
much rather have preferred its being introduced at some other
period in order and in compliance with the rules of the House.
Sir, I amareis* to the suspension of the rules except on rery ex-
traordinary, important, and urgent occasions. Fur little, unfor-
tunately; little as they liave been regarded during this session,
yet I have ¡ound them of some small service in pieventing us
from running into utter licentiousness.
It has long since been observed, and well observed, that order
is the first law of Heaven, and j ust fn f iroportion as we approach
that divine and harmonious order do we secure "peace on earth
and good will towards man."
But, sir, the hill is to bs introduced without any infraction
of the rules of the House. Why, then, may it not be introduced
and referred to an appropriate committee) What are its provi-
sions, anil what are the evils which it is intended to remedy!
It proposes two things. First, to rest the appointment of
district attorney* and marshals in certain courts of the United
States. Sir, I am not well satisfied that this change would be
fur the better. The appointment of these officers is now
vested where the frame  of our Constitution, those master
workmen in political economy, thought proper to place the
appointing power— untler the General Government; and for this
reason alone 1 would not disturb it, unless for rery special and
cogent reasons. I cannot see, and I never yet have found, any
danger to be apprehended from an improper exercise of the
appointing power I can hardly conceive of corruption there,
as long as our Constitution is preserved inviolate. The Chief
Magistrate is responsible to the people, and the Senate uto in-
terpose ¡is constitutional check. With this provision of our
Constitution, as with all others, I am well satisfied; and al-
though I may not be permitted to say of it as some do of the
British Constitution, that "it is the perfection of human wis-
dom," yet this I may exultingly say of it, that it has secured
the greatest amount of human happiness to the greatest r.um-
ber of human beings of any system of Government policy the
■world has ever adopted.
II, however, uoy good reason can bo assigned for th  change,
I am willing to adopt it. I am not so great a stickler for form
as to lose sisílit of substance; and while other sciences arc pro-
gressing wrhcolo-is.il strides, I am willins to admit that some
improvement may yet be made in Uiat which is of most im-
portance to his happiness, the government of man.
Hut, Mr. Speaker, the provision of this bill which is of most
ini|V>rtance, in niv estimation, is the one limiting the emolu-
ments of District Attorneys. Is it true, sir, that even In our
largest commercial cities, that these officers receive twenty,
fifteen, or even ten thousand dollars per annum for their servi-
ces? If so, here must hive been a casus omissus in legislation;
tot I cannot believe that the services ol any subordinate officer
under our form ol Government, can be worth that amount of
money; and the creation of sinecures is a most wanton and
inexcusable act ol dopoiism, mid «ever ought in bo even ap-
proached in a Republic. He who will not lend his services to
his country lor a ¡ess amount, let me tell jou, his servicos are
not worth hav:ng.
Su, lam not in favor, either, of farming out offices to the low-
est bidder. The administration of a Government is of more im-
portance than the Government itself. It has been said by one
in former days, who «oil understood the human character,
that "that Government which is best administered is best;" and
tin  is as true its any axiom in philosophy. What signifies our
boasted Constitution, if its salutary provisions loi our national
proeperiiy and happiness is to remain an inert, dead letter/
The proper exercise of its functions inuslgire it life and a fair
compensation; for service is the lile-giving principle. Our Go-
vernment, like any other, if bully administered, may run into
despotism; u uuadimnistered, must sink into anarchy.
There aie two ways hy which it may be maladiniuistered—
by a mistaken parsimony, by which will be excluded from it
administration a sufficient amount of talent, ability, and manly
worth, and by allowing excessive salaries, which will always
beget extravagance and corruption. A proper medium is to be
observed. "In medio tutimitnus ¡bis," is a safe maxim; and
under that rule alone can we expect to preserve a healthful and
proper action in our Government.
Í.1I, thee, gentlemen are serious in their professions of economy,
lere they may find an undisputed point from which to take up
their line of march in their 1.oly crusade. Here they may try
their whetted pruning knives, without much danger ofinjuring
the tree, or at all affecting the fruitfulneesof its branches.
The question being on the motion to reconsider,
Mr. TLRN'fcY demanded the yeas and nays, which were not
ordered.
So the motion was reconsidered; and the question reeuning
on the motion for leave, it was granted without a count; and the
bill was introduced, read twice, and referred to the Committee
ou the Judiciary.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the House resolved itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Casbt in the chair,) and look up the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill.
Mr. 1)11.LET, who was still entitled to the floor, resumed hia
remarks in relation to the constitutionality of the Bank of the
United States, and in opposition to the Sub-Treasury scheme.
In speaking of General Jackson, he said if there was any one
thing, more than another, which was calculated to give him
fame in history, it was the proclamation accompanying the
force bill. He was in favor of that proclamation, and opposed
to any one State resistance, to put an end to the Confederacy.
He examined into the political history of General Harrison,
and contrasted it with that of Mr Van Buren, and appioved
the principles of the former and condemned those of the latter.
After passing an eulogy op the character and military services
of General Harrison, he concluded.
Mr. STANLY obtained the floor, and sakl he had a wish to
make a few remarks, but ho would yield his right to the floor
for the purpose of having action on the bill; and hoped gentle-
men would consent that the reading of the bill should be pro-
IJfSJMIl It'll Wlf 1*1
Mr. DROMGOOLE concurred most fully in the sentiments
expressed by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stah-
ly,] and would attempt to effect the rery objeet which that
gentleman had proposed. Every gentleman must see the pro-
priety of observing the rules which the House had prescribed
for the transaction of business. The 118th rule lequired that
they should read section by section, so that erery item might
be analyzed and scrutinized. How could they ever proceed to
examine particular items, if the rule were not adhered tol
Mr. D. was glad that, at last, either a sense of propriety, or
shame, had inoaced the committee to evince a disposition lo ex-
amine the bill. If there were no amendment offered to any sec-
tion, the next could be read, and each item strictly examined. Be
sides, our duly under the rules of the House, (said Mr. D.) re-
quired that we should look to the situation of the country, and
the individuals for whose paymenlthe bill provides. We were
doing gross injustice hy not makins an appropriation Ibr the
clerks and oilier 'lependants of the Government, who are abso-
lutely driven to the necessity of being shaved by the brokers in
anticipation of their payment. He hoped, therefore, they would
proceed, without, further delay, to examine into the menu of
this bill. It was now quite time to forbear making political
speeches, and manufacturing public sentiment. While urging
the committee to do their duly, he would not set an example by
detaining them. In endeavoring to enforce fhe rules of the
House, he did not impute more blame to one party than another.
All must consider that the digression had been sufficiently in-
dulged in. It was the duty of all to prevent any further unne-
cessary consumption of time. This remark would apply to
every body of eveiy parly, and Mr. D. called upon all to unite
with him to preserve the debate within the limits of order.
Mr. ¿ONES rose for the purpose of showing the importance
of speedy action on the bill.
Mr. BELL thought the gentleman from Virginia had taken
to himself a great deal of credit in relation to the bill. For his
part, he had not hitherto opened his mouth, as waa the ease
with a hundred oiher eent'emen besides. Mr. B. was under-
stood to complain that the bill had not been brought forward at
an eatlier period, as he had intended to speak on some of the
items. But, as he did not suppose there was time now forde-
bate, he was willing to forego his intended remarks, and go
with the honorable gentleman for action on the bill,
Mr. JONESsaidhedesired to liave the papers read, which
he had received, for the purpose of showing the urgent necessi-
ty for speedy action on the bill. In reference to, the bill not be-
ing brought forward at an earlier period, he begged leave to
'.'■■■              ■         ."■    !•"■   •     • •           ,,„! J,l>ltU"    '
say that no exertion had been spared on his part t« being up
the bill at the earliest possible period.
The several papers from the Departments urging the passage
of the bill were then i eat', by the Clerk.
Mr. HUBBARD made some brief remarks in relation lo the
speech of his colleague, [Mr. Dillett,) who had at last made
up his issue in opposition to the Sub-T> asury. When the
proper unioshould arrive, and the Sub-Ticasury bill be under
discussion, he hoped he should be able to satisfy his colleague
by replying to htm on that;point. Mr. II. also adverted" to
some remarks of his colleague in relation to the taritr ques-
tion, but in which It appeared, from a subsequent explanation
of the latter, that he had misapprehended him.
Mr. PROFFIT made a few remarks, and gave notice of hi 
intention, this evening, to make a speech on the bill.
Mr. ADAMS said he had determined, from the first day the
bill under consideration was put into Committee ol the whole,
that he would not delay the passage of the bill one quarter of an
hour. Yet he had much to say. And the House would consi-
der that in discussing the incidental expenses interwoven in the
sections ol tho bill, a sort ot challenge had been thrown out, per-
sonally to himself, to review the political history ol parlies from
the first day of our independence. For he should go back to
that period if |iio should enttr upon that subject, and he might
trace the history of that part of the Hartford Convention with
which he had something to do; and he would allude to the cry-
ing sins imputed to him of advocating internal improvements
to the extent ol the reading ol long passages from a message,
which, some ten or fifteen years ago, he sent to this House; also
upon his denial of the duty of members of the House to be pal-
sied by the will of their constituents, and of his ardent desire to
build light-houses in the skies, and of many other things too te-
dious to enumerate. And all this had been brought forward to
determine how long the clerks in the public offices should he
delayed for Ihe payment of the compensation due to them. Mr.
A. would ask, whether the House did not think he had sufficient
reason to justify himself. He would not begin now; it
would take up too much time. He might, besides,' be
under the necessity of encroaching upon the time o| the elo-
quent gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Psoffit.] He (Mr. A.)
would not have time before three o'clock in the morning to be-
gin. But be would say now, simply, that he should wait for
some other bill, on which the House would be in Committee of
of the Whole, which would allow of gentlemen speaking to
the point at issue, not extraneous matter. He hoped he would
have, at that time, the opiwrtunity of addressing the House not
so many hours as he would necessarily occupy now.
Mr. H. hoped his fnend from Virginia [Mr. UnoMaoOLE]
would not carry his threat into execution then, because, to use
a vulgar expression, "fair play is a jewel," and he should re-
flect upon it before he passes into the execution of his threat,
calling gentlemen to order for irrelevancy in debate. Mr. A.
said he would nut trouble the House now with the history of
the Hartford Convention, according to hie view of it, nor any
thing else. The gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Athbr-
ton,] and the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Clifford,) having
given a history ol it, would be a sufficient reason for him to dis-
course upon the same topic, but be should not speak of it now.
He hoped he would hare liberty to say a word in extenuation of
his crimes; but he would not occupy the time of the House at
present.
Mr. A. hoped to have thai privilege at any time, when the
House shall be in Commuttee of Ihe Whole. lie believed that
he had not taken up more than five minutes in this statement;
and according to his promise, he would not delay the passage of
«¡bill a moment longer-
Mr. STANLY moved to strike out the lotnpensation to the
First Comptroller of ihe Treasury, being the sum of •3,G00, on
the ground of certain charges which had been preferred against
that officer in the report ol the Swartwout Investigating Com-
mittee.
Mr. JONES said that before the House undertook to strike
out that section of the bill, he hoped gentlemen would vote for
the appointment of a committee for the purpose of investí-
?;ating the charges «gainst the Comptroller. For his pait, he
tad not until then beard any charges against that officer, nor
did he know of any; but he thought, at leas , some measure
ought in be adopted to ascertain the facts before the salary of
the officer was stricken out. Theie was no charge brought
against the humbled Individual which did not first undergo an
investigation; and surely the Comptroller was entitled to an ex-
amination before they proceeded to such an extremity against
him. Was it not due to him that he should be notified of the
charges, before they took that short mode of displacing him?
Even the smallest claim that waa presented to the House, under-
went an examination before a committee; but here was a
charge brought up without the least notice, and action was
sought thereon without giving the accused the slightest chance
of meeting it. It seemed to him a very f trange course for the
gentleman from North Carolina to move to strike out the sala-
íy of a high officer in the Treasury Department, without the
least notice or investigation.
Mr. STANLY referred to the report of the Swartwout com-
mittee, and intimated that the charges might be found there.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana was understood to say that it the gen •
tleman from North Carolina had undertaken to expo=e any im-
propriety in the conduct of the First Comptroller, he had un-
dertaken a task, the success of which would be very doubtful.
Bui it was ncces8aiy to the Government that we should bare a
First Comptroller; and the gentleman's motion would, if agreed
to, hare the effect of abolishing the office. If there was any
charge against the present incumbent, that was another matter,
and might be investigated. Or if the gentleman wished to re-
duce the salary, or abolish the office, that would be in or-
der; but, under present circumstances, the only course was to
pass the item.
Mr. WAGENER denied that airy charge could be established
against the First Comptroller; and.so far as the defalcations of
Swartwout were concerned, it wag well knows that the present
Comptroller was not appointed until after Swartwout's defalca-
tions had taken place. lie defied any member to point out a
single case where the Comptroller was to blame. Mr. W. pro*
ceeded to say that he had seen a great deal about those defalca-
tions, and when the proper time should arrive, he would make
it his duty to expose the matter to the country; and he would
tell the gentleman from North Carolina he would then find that
when fuese defalcations had taken place, they had arisen, pot
fromrtie friends of the preeenii Atimiiiistratlon, but fromthose
opposed to it. Mr. W. concluded Wy rep«atir« that.^ere was
no truth In the Insinuations made against the^£«"£<""«- an«
that for nil part he was not one of thorewho would get up
