362
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. S*s only object in rising was tole his constituents undor-
stand why he was absent twenty five minutes lrom the House.
Mr. HAND said lie was aware that nothing could be done
in in* House, ttwre being only seventy-four members piesent
Tne SfiJaksr ¡>aid that the absentees could not be called with-
out bom  named; and Mr. II. among other names, had mention-
ed thai to Mr. Smith.
Mr. McK.W'S resolution was then read; when
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS asked whether it did not require
two-lUirds to adopt it!
TheSPEVKER said it did not.
Mr. HAND thereupon called tor the yeas and nays,wh.ch
Were ordered, but belore tiiey were uken,
Mi. McKAY withdrew the resolution
Atler a tew moments inaction, and the hour of 9} a. in hav-
ing arrived,
Sir CONNER moved that all further proceedings ui the
call of the House be dispensed with.
Mr. BOYD called lor the yeas and nays; which were ordered,
• id resu ted—ay es '¿5, noea b7" no quorum voting
So the call was not dispensed with
Mr LINCOLN stating that he had enjoyed no sleep for
I'uree nights, and partaken no food since yesterday, asked leave
ol absence for an iuur; which leave wasg.anted"
The SPEAKER then resumed the call upon absentees for
their excuses; when
Mr Keim, on account of indispxition, and Messrs. Strong,
James, Cuarta, W. C. Johnson, Cranston, and Henry, all
whosejexcuscs were deemed sufficient, weie dischaiged liom
the custody ol the Sergeant-at Amis, without the payment ol
fees.
And the following gentlemen, whose excuses Wire not
deemed sufficient, were discharged lrom the custody of the
ticrseant at Arms, upon payment of fees, viz.
Messrs. Fornance, Doig, Weller, Dawson, Jenifer,
Parris, of Ohio, Calhoun, Googis, Galbsaith, John&ton
of New York, Craig,Black, Hill ot V lrgmia, Dennis, Hunt,
Hill of North Corolina, Slade, C. II. Williams, Cross, Col-
iUTT, and Wick.
[Mr. Wick stated that his absence was not o| will, but of ne-
cessity.   That he is liable to attacks of  vertigo; that finding    j
hi nisei I in danger lrom the same, not merely ol illness, but ot
death, he lelt the   House at 3 o clock this morning, with ttie
 iew of obtain  rchefby the usual re nely ol being til d ]
Mr. E VERE IT made a motion to leniu the finos whicl\ had
been imposed, and that the House adjourn, to meet at 12
o'clock; but the mo.ion being opposed, and the yeas and nays
being Jemjniled. Mr. E. withdiew the motion.                              )
Mr CRANSTON stated lhat he undeistood the fines imposed   |
never were exacted from the members, and he moved lo remit   h
the fine* which nad been imposed.
Mr. CU3H1NG moved to amend the motion by adding, ''and
also those imposed on the ¿±M of March last"
The motion was debated by Messrs DAWSON and BLADE,
on the ground lhat all the fines remntei were uken from the
Treasury of the United States; that ihe operation worked with
mequiliiy; some who were absent for weeks at a time, re-
mained unnouced, while those absent for a single night were
fined.
On motion of Mr PETRIKIN, the motion was laid upon the
table.
The report of the Serjeant-at-Arms was read, stating that
many members (the names of whom were read) after a most
scrutinizing hunt, and the greatest vigilance on his part, could
not be detected.
Mr. MITCHELL moved that all further proceedings in the
call of the House be dispensed with.
Mr. JOHNSTON ol iVw York moved that the names of ab-
sentees be read, when
Messrs. G .^lNNELL and CLARK, who were in the custody of
the Sergeant-at Arms, made excuses to the House, which were
not deemed satisfactory, and were discnarged on payment of
fees.
Mr. BLACK moved to suspend all further proceedings in re-
lation to those who were absent lrom the city, and all who were
sick.
The SPEAKER then put the question to suspend all fur
ther proceedings in the call of the House; which was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. TALIAFERRO moved that all members now in the city,
and absent from the House, be considered in default and fined,
and that they be discharged, on making a proper excuse to the
House.
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected to this proposition as irregular.
Mjii cou'dnot be fined, unless in custody, etc ; and
After some conversation between Messrs. SMITH of Maine
an 1BRIGGS,
Mr. TALIAFERRO withdrew bis motion.
Mr. CRAIG offered a resolution, lo liie effect that the ab-
sentees whose cases had not been disposed of, be severally
called on, when they appeared in the H >use, to show cause why
they should not be fined for their delinquency; which resolution,
however, he subsequently wuhlrew.
Mr. EVERETT moved that all further proceedings in the
call of the House be dispensed with; and, on that mjtion, called
for the yeas and nays. After som • debate of a conversational
character, and having ascertained that the Sergeant-at-Arms
had succeeded in capturing another squad ol menib rs, the
motion was withdrawn by the mover
The 8PE VKER ag-tin resumed the call of the absentees for
excuses, when
Mr. Johnsos of Maryland was discharged without payment
of fee?; and Messrs. Kino of Georg.a, and Uusssll, were dis-
charged on payment of fees.
Mr C. II WILLIAMS moved that Messrs Hill of North
Carolina, Slade, and Clark, be escusod Without payment of
fees.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to lay the motion on the table
Mr. C. H. V\ ILLIAMS called for the yeas a.d nays; which
were ordered, and were—yeas 82, nays 51.
So the motion was laid on the table.
Messrs. Hastings, Proppit, and Morris of Pennsylvania
were then discharged from custody, on payment of fees.
Mr. LINCOLN begged leave to read a resolution, with a
vie* to obviate the recurrence of scenes like the present,
teave being granted, the resolution was read, as follows:
Reaolvtd, That the following be adde I to the standing rules
of the House, as a substitute for rule 61, which is hereby re-
scinded:
61. Whenever a member shall be discharged from custody,
and admitted to his seat, unless his absence shall be excused by
the House, bt shall forfeu for every instance of such unexcused
absence, the amount of one day's pay; and, moreover, shall pay
the lees of the Sergeant-at-Arms, or special messencer by whom
he shall be sent for or taken into custody. And it shall
be the duty of the Clerk ol the House, m every such case, im-
mediately theieafter, lo leitify the name ot such absentee to the
Sergean.-at-Aims, who bhall make corresp Hiding deductions
lrom the pay ot the delinquent members, retaining the amount
of fees to his own use, oi that ol the specul m ssenger making
the arrest.
The Sergeant-at-Arms shall in no instance make a final settle-
ment ol the account ol any member ol this House, unul the day
ol adjournment ol both Houses at tne close ol the session, unless
Baid member has been i xcused lrom atiiudam e by a vote of the
House.
I Mi. BANKS was understood to say that he was in fivor of
I the resolution, or sume proposition of the kind. He thought a
penalty should bo attached to the practice of gentlemen ab-
senting themselves lrom the House, to the great detriment of
the public business; but he did not think the resolution was in
order at thut stage of the proceeding.
T le CHAIR Gectded the lesolulion to be out of order.
Mr. U.VNKS insisting on his motion, that all lurther proceed-
ings in the call ol the House be dispensed with, it was agiecd
to; and
The SPEAKER having stated that a quorum was now pie-
sent,
Tne House again went into Cjmmittee of the Whole on the
sute ot the Union, (Mr Casey in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the civil and diplomatic bill.
The CHAIRMAN slated lhat the first business in order was
the decision ol the Chair, that the gentleman liom Pennsyl-
i   vaina [Mr. OglsI was out ol order lor irrelevancy ol debate,
■in! fiom which the gentleman fiom North Carolina [Mr. L.
Wi lliams] h id taken an appe .1.
The CHAIR then put the question, whether the decision of
the Chair should be ihe judgment olihe committee, when
Mr. L WILLIAMS withdrew his appeal.
The reading ol the bill pioceeded
Mr. J. W. JONES moved an amendment, striking out
$3 000 as the salaiy ol the Commissioner of Pensions, and in-
serting S3 5 0, to make it correspond with the amount ncenlly
fi\ed in the law re^ulatm  the same
Mr W COST JOHNSON a^ked whether, by retaining the
$500, it would leave tne salary ol the Commissioner ol Pen-
sions the same as >t was at the com uencement of the session!
Mr. J. W. JONES replied that, by striking out $500, it
would make the salary in conform.ty with the net of Congiess
at the present se^'on.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON remarked that he was anxious to
present an amendment, to make it what it originally was at
the comTiencement of this session of Congress. The dunes of
that officer having been greatly increased, it was important to
the Government lhat a mm ol talents should fill the place, and
he should, theielore, vo.e aeainst reducing his salary
Mr. BRIGGS said he knew several gentlemen who supported
the reduction wiih a view that the salaries of corresponding of
ricers would be reduced at th« same rate. He thought justice
to that individual required that the former amount of salary
should be paid to him. That was one of the most valuable ot-
ficers ol the Government, and what made it peculiarly hard
was, that while his pay was diminished, his duties were con-
siderably increased
Mr. FILLMORE called the attention of the House to a rule
restraining the insertion of any item not in conformuy wuh
law; and the law had fixed the salary at $2,500.
Mr. BRIGGS said the House could not, in virtue of the rule,
increase the salary He was, however, opposed to striking out
the amount in the bill. He could see n > propnety in singling
out one of the besi officers ol the Government—aman whose
head had grown gray in t e service of the War Department, and
who, a few months ago, was awfully smitten by Heaven, which
calamity would ren.'er him a cripple lor life, and who had since
performed his duty under painlul circumstances. Ho hoped
the motion to strike out would not prevail.
Mr. J. W. JONES concurred m the views of the gentleman
from Massachusetts LMr Briggs] that the Commissioner was a
meritorious officer; but it would not be in the power ol the
House to piare the salary at $3,000 at this time. If the salary
had been found to be $2,500 at the time the appropriation bill
was before fhe committee, they would have considered them-
selves bound to insert it in the bill. By the rules, the House
could*not now exceed that sum.
The CHAIR said that it was not in order to increase or dimi-
nish a salary fixed by law, by any provision in the appropriation
bill; but the salary might be appropr.ated foi more or less than
a year.
Mr. J. VV. JONE? remarked that the bill provided for the sa-
lary for the present jear, and presumed that the last yeai's sa-
lary hail been pa d.
Mr. W. THOMPSON hoped the case would be met by re-
pealing so much of the act as fixed the saliry of that officer at
$2 500. He did not think th it one so woithy should be made
the only victim, and wshed to oiler an amendment; but the
Chair ruled it out of order.
Mr PETRIKIN said that not only an act of injustice had been
done, but political trickery had been exhibited; but he was un-
willing that the rules of the House shouU be vio'ated for the
sake of rectifyins the evil.
Mr. HUBBARD had only a single remaik to make in reply
to the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Thompson,] who
had once voted to reduce fus salary, b hevmg that he could go
further with -it: finding he cannot, he is not willing now to
"make a victim of tins officer." Mr. II agreed with him that
$2,509 dollars was a sufheient allowance; ard If so, how could
reducing bis salary to a proper allowance make him a victim!
He would not only adhere to his lormer vote, and go with the
gentleman, but was sorry lo find him faint so soon in the good
work.
Mr PROFFIT proposed to Mr. If. that if they would not
call the pievious question when the bill came into the House,
he would move a reduction of each head of department $.1,000,
and the President's salary 25 per cent, and to add to the allow-
ances of laborious officers on low salaries He regretted that
he had moved this reduction; but he had done so only as an en-
tering wedge to a general reduction.
Mr. MONTGOMERY replied to Mr. Proffit, and reminded
him tha' he could not be cut off by the previous question in the
House, as by the new arrangement the question would have to
be put on eveiy amendment. He would, therefore, have an op-
portunity to carry out his reform and retrenchment, and he
challenged him to make the attempt. There was no escape;
and he held the gentleman to his ground.                                       !
Mr. POPE thought it cruel to wound the leelings of one offi.
cer by coifininf the reductien to his case—especia ly so excel.
lent an officer as the Commissio icr of Pensions, fie believed
the House geneially regretted what had been done, and he fid
not doubt the act would be corrected belore the session was
over.
Mr. BLACK said, unless it was an extreme case, he was ge-
neially opposed to the reduction ol the salaries of officers. The
creat niajonty of those who were employed in administering
the several departments ol this Government were but pooily
paid, if their remuneration mitrht be estimated by the usual
emoluments ot official skill and labor at the South. His con-
stituents, he was persuaded, were more concerned lo procure
honest and efficient service, than to ascertain the very lowest
silaryupon which a man, who abandoned all other occupa-
tions, might liv  without actualstarvauon.
But, su, (said Mr. B ). I cannot rsfrain from an expression of
surprise at the veiy extraordinary course which this debate has
takm The Whig pauy on this floor, I speak of them as a
party, have, upon almost every occasion during this session,
loudly complained of the lavish pnd improvident expenditure
by this Government of the people's money. They have, day
.Iter di>, and m almost every debate, whether relevantly or
not, chaigedthis Administration with fraud and corruption in
tho disbuiseireutol the Federal revenue. They weie, it had
seemed, the men, pur cxctUenie, ol retrenchment, reduction,
and reform; they have taken all that matter into then own
hands, and accordingly the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Prof-
fit) had himselt erieinaled a measure in this House by wliu h
the salary ol the Commissioner of Pensions was reduced from
$3 000 to $¿,501' Tnis was a Whig measure, originated and
intioduced by a prominent and able man of that party, and al-
though voted lor generally by both parties, succeeded mainly by
the strength of the opposite vote.
So far, these gentlemen appeared to be acting, at least in this
case, in strict conformity with their professions; and you may
well imagine my surprise a' the disposition manifested this
morning to undo all they had accomplished in this instance of
reduction. It seems lhat a Whig official is to be made the first
victim of this i etrenchment, and unwilling to supply amartyr
liom their own ranks, they an- the fust to nun on their heels,
and refuse to make a practical lllustiation of tlieirown peculiar
system of reform.
Sir, how stands the casei The gentleman fiom Indiana [Mr.
Proffit] acknowledges the pileinuy of the act ot reduction.
Befoie the passa?e oí that act, the salary of the Commissisner
ot ihe Pension office was $3,P00, and it had been so inserted in
the appropriation bill now under consideration Tne chairman
ol Ways and Means had moved, in accordance with that act, to
strike out $3.000, and insert ¥2,500, and, to the astonishment of
the House, certain gentlemen of the Opposition, with whom
this very reduction originated, reluse to make the reduction,
although required to do it by their own law. Mr B. had under-
stood that Colontl Edwards, the present Commissioner, was a
Whig If it be so, does lhat fact elicit the present extiaordinary
opposition ofcertain gentlemen to making this official the first
practical example ol íetrenchment? And do they now contend
lor a virtual repeal of their own act, by refusing to insert us
reliencA<n£ provision into this civil and diplomatic bill, be 
cause it will operate on one of their own friendsl
But, independently of political considerations, how, asked
Mr B can gentlemen consistently get round this law, which is
ol full lorce, lately passed, and is now among the statutes of the
United States. That law, I understand, is imperative. If this
House ever had any discretion in the matter, thev exercised it
when they passed the act of reduction; lhat having been done,
they can no longer lnquue into the expediency of reduction,
but are bound to make the appropriation in accordance with
the law, as it was written. II reform is the object, now is your
time; and in order to convince the people of ihe United States
of yoursincerny and disinterestedness, jou now have an oppor-
tunity ol making a practical illustration of your own theory of
reform, upon an officer, however worthy, of your own political
complexion. Mr. B whatever might be his opinion of satanes,
would be compelled to vote for the motion ol the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and to reduce the compen-
sation, in obedience to the law, frt m $3,000 to $2.500
After some debate between Mr. BRIGGS and Mr. BLACK,
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolmaapoke at some length in
defence of his position, and the part he had taken in the trans-
action- and in the course of his remarks expressed his i egret
that the salary of the head of the most laborious bureau in the
Government should have been reduced to relieve another office,
which was almost sinecure. He disclaimed with warmth the
charge of Mr Black, observing that no man should ca-t such
an imputation on him, and no man would do so who was pos-
sessed of any honorable feelingslumself, and he asked thegen-
tleman from Georgia to say explicitly whether he meant to
lmpu-e to him (Mr. T ) 'taking the back track" on this item in
the bill, because the gentleman who filled the office of Commis-
sioner was In hispoliticsa Wlngl
Mr. BLACK said he had been unfortunate that, in the very
lew words he had uttered, he should have run foul of a gentle-
man 60 sensitive. The gentleman from South Carolina knew
enough ol him to be satisfied that, if it was intention to insult
him, he should do it openly; but if the gentleman thought to
draw him from the investigation of the course of any member
of that House by making it a personal matter, he was at all
times sub|ect to his call.
He had spoken of, and alluded to the political course of a
party; he had made no personal attack upon any man; but, on
the contrary,had directed every word he had said, as he ventured
to believe every other man in the House understood him, to
the political principles and policy of the pany to which the gen-
tarai from South Carolina belonged.
Mr. THOMPSON heie attempted to resume the floor.
Mr. BLACK called on the House to permit h m to proceed;
he did not intend patiently to submit to beputdown upon this
occasion.
Mr. THOMPSON claimed the floor; when
Mr. BLACK said, if it was intended to cut him off" from any
other remaik?. why, of course, he had nothing further to say.
Mr W.THOMPSON asked the gentleman whether he im-
puted tu him the motive to repeal the act, because he (Mr T.)
was influenced by considerations that the Commissioner was a
Whigi
Mr. BLACK. Does the gentleman expect to confine tne to
categorical answers? He would not submit to it here or else-
where He thoueht he had said enough to release the gen .le-
mán from any personal imputation.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had now asked the gentleman
twice, and he still refused to answer.
