CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
Mr. BLACK «aid he had not refused to answer.
Mr. THOMPSON said, well, then, I give the gentleman an
opportunity now of answering.
Mr. BLACK. Then take your seat, sir. When the gen-
tleman does that, I will answer him.
Mr. THOMPSON accordingly took his seat.
Ml. BLACK then proceeded to remark, that if the gentle-
man thought of obtain'n? that by tne force ol a frown or a
scowl which he was unable to obtain by argument from him,
he was mistaken. In (lie remarks lie had been making, he was
alluding, as he had before said, to the political movement  of a
party, and was not lobe deterred by any personal considera-
tions whatever. What! had it come to this, that a member
could not get up here to question the course of a party, without
being required to make jmsonalexplartations! If that were
submitted to, it would bo a speedy and sure way of
shut'ing up their mouths at once; of intimidating them
into silence, and of preventing an exposition of party policy
and political manoeuvring. He would bting this personal ex-
planatitm to a close by repeating what he had beio^esaid, that
he had no intention of attacking any body personally, or lo im-
pugn their honor as men. He had attacked their political
course.   He had no other explanation to offer.
Mr. THOMPSON accepted the explanation, and, in the
course of his remarks, said that whenever he should go out of
his way to tell people that they could not browbeat him, he
should think himselfa fit subject to be browbeaten.
Mr. BLACK Whenever the gentleman will say that I have
doomed that I was not to be browbeaten, I will make a reply.
Mr. THOMPSON said he was willing to take the gentle-
man's explanation, as disclaiming any imputation on his mo-
tives, and as admitting that his conduct had been upright and
proper.
Mr. BLACK.   Uprisht, but rot proper.
Mr. W. C. JOHivSON inquired of the Chair whether it
would be in order to i ffar a proposition that five hundred dollars
of the amount at present appropriated in the bill sho ld be paid
to the Commissioner, in add n ion to the Balary allewed, whenever
the law should be altered to that effect.
The CHAIR havtog decided it to be in order,
Mr. JOHNSON sent to the Chair the following amendment:
That five hundred dollars of said amount be paid to the Com-
missioner ot Pensions, in addition to his present salary of two
thousand five hundred dollars, whenever increased by law.
Mr. GIDDING3 was opposed to the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] and should vote
against it
Mr. HUNT said he was one of the few—as they now seem to
be considered—unfortunate Whigs who had opposed this reduc-
tion when it was first prop'sed by his Iriend from Indiana, [Mr.
Profsit,] and princir>ally supported by his friend from South
Carolina, (Mr. Thompson.] and he would support any mea-
sure (hat would restore the salary to its original amount. He
was decidedly opposed to making this meritorious officer an
individual exception to a jeneral rule.
Mr. PROFFIT said that he had made the motion to reduce
the salary of this officer without consultation with any one, and
without fifteen minutes' reflection. So far from the parly with
which he acted being responsible for this motion, his political
friends around him had found fault with him for making it, and
told him they thought he had acted wrong; but he was actuated
by his convictions of duty in offering it, and a majority of the
House sanctioned it by their votes, and it was adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON then withdrew his proposition to amend.
Mr. HUNT then proceeded to address the House on the ques-
tion of reducing the salary of the Commissioner, and having
gradually diverged into the merits of the Independent Treasury
bill,
Mr. SMITH of Maine raid he rose to make one more effort to
confine this debate within something like reasonable limits. He
would respectfully inquire of the Chair whether it was in or-
der for gentlemen, in a discussion on this bill, to investigate the
merits of the Independent Treasury.
The CHAIR decided the remarks of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hunt] to be out of order.
Mr. JENIF8R said he would not only vote for a restoration
of the five hundred dollars stricken from the salary of the Com-
missioner, but on account of the great increase of his duties, he
would be willing te go even beyond that amount Mr. J. then
paid a high compliment to the industry and talents of the head
of the Pension Office.
The vote was then taken on the motion of Mr. Jones to
strike out$l,«XJ, and insert *2,500, and tellers being demanded,
the result was announced by the Char—ayes 93, noes 31.
So the rmendment whs agreed to.
Mr. RICE GARLAND moved to strikeout the item of#U,6<X>
for topographical and additional clerks in the General Post
Ode , and a clerk to keep the appropriate account.
Mr. G. objected to the introduction of such an item in the ge-
neral appropriation bill. He thought if asked for atall, the ap-
fropriation ought to have been introduced in a separate hill.
le contended that there was no law for governing the employ-
ment of additional clerks.
Mr. JONES referred him to the appropriation bill of 1834;
and contended that the former practice of introducing «he item
for additional clerks into these bills, warranted the present com-
miuee in doing the same. Mr. J. thenadverted to the valuable
services performed by the additional clerks, and hoped the gen-
tleman from Louisiana would see the propriety of withdrawing
his motion.
The debate was further ontinued by Messrs. EVERETT,
JONES, COOPER of Georgia, MoKAY, and TKIPLETT.
Tbe latter gentleman having referred to "the member from
Georgia" as belonging to the Whig party,
Mr. COOPER asked, Doe  the gentleman from Kentucky re-
fer to mel
Mr.TRIPLETT.   I do, sir.
Mr. COOPER. Then I beg the gentleman to withdraw his
asserion that I belong to his party.
Mr. TRIPLETT.   I withdraw It, sir.
rhe qqesnon on Mr. Garland's amendment was taken by
tellers, who reported there was m quorum votinz.
Mr. CHAPMAN moved a call of the House; opon which
motion,                                                                 '    '
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered, and were—yea, 86, nay * 33
So the call was ordered.
2¡he«PS«ÁoA,¿A¡l,rn r",nr1eeV">g*ith the call. when
Mr. VANIIKKI Ocl, a,!,! ih*i he had ascertained that several
members had j.tst come m, art.l h« therefor  moved that ail fur-
ther proceedings be dispensed wi'h; upon which motion a dm.
sion was called for, and tbe motion was agreed to—yeas SS,
nays 39.
The House then again resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole, Mr. Casey in the chair.
And the question was again taken on striking out, and re-
sulted—yeas 39, noes 85.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. R. GARLAND said the obstructions to the bill in com-
mittee might be easily avoided if there was an understanding
that time would be given to debate it when it was brought into
the House.
Mr. GRAVES said he had iust been making the same sugges-
tion to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected to any bargains and compro-
mises.
The reading of the bill was then proceeded with.
Mr. R. GARLAND moved  to strike out the clause in the
words "for eleven additional clerks in the Post Olhcc Depart-
ment, thirteen thousand two hundred dollars."
Mr. JONES of Virginia explained, showing that the same
appropriation had been made in many previous years, and the
appropriation in the bill in the last year was a sanction to the
Postmaster General, and the clerks were indispensably necessa-
ry to conduct the business of the office.
The question was then taken, and the motion disagreed to—
ayes 38, nays 82.
Mr. GRAVES then moved to strike out the section In the
words "for compensation to clerks in the < nice of the Surveyor
General northwest of the Ohio, per actof May 9,1836, six thou-
sand thiee hundred dollars; which, after some remarks from
Messrs. GRAVES, H. EVERETT, and R. UARLAND, in fa-
vor of the motion, and Messrs. JONES of Virginia, HUB.
BARD, HOWARD, and CRARY, against it, it was decided in
the negative without a count.
Mr. GRAVES called for a division, and the CHAIR an-
nounced ihé vote—ayes 31, noes78; no quorum voting, tellers
were called for, and they announced the vote—ayes 39, nays
8% so the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr.GRAVES then rooveu to strike out the section in the words
"for theothce of the Surveyor General northwest of the Ohio four
thousand five hundred dollars;" on which, after some remarks
from Messrs. G It AVES, R. GARLAND, and EVANS, in favor,
and MessrsJONES and CRABB in opposition to theamend-
mem, the vote was taken, and the CHAIR decided it was
not agreed to.
Mr GRAVES called lor a division, and the CHAIR an-
nounced fur the amendment 17, against it 82; no quorum hav-
ing voted,
Tellers were demanded, and, being appointed, the vote was
again taken, and resulted—ayes 33, noes 91.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ST A N LY moved to strike mil the words "three hundred
dollars," in the compensation of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings; which,
After some remarks from Mr. STANLY in favor, and
Messrs. JONES and LINCOLN in opposition, was with-
drawn.
Mr. STANLY moved to strike out, in the compensation to
the officers and clerks of the branch mint at Charlotte, North
Carolina, the words "six thousand dollars," and insert "four
thousand fiye hundred dollars "
After some remarks from Mr. STANLY in favor of, and Mr.
CONNOR in opposition to the amendment,
Mr. OGLE offered, as an amendment to the amendment, to
strike out all appropriations for the various branch mints at
Charlotte, Dahlonega, and New Orleans;
Which, after some remarks from Mr. OGLE in favor of the
amendment, and Messrs. SHEPARD, LEWIS WILLIAMS,
and GRAHAM in oppesition, was disagreed to.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved that the committee rise; which was
agreed to; and
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair,
Mr. PETRIKIN moved that the House adjourn; upon which
question,
Mr. DUNCAN asked the ayes and noes, which were not
ordered-,
And the House adjourned at half-past six o'clock, p. m. on
Tuesday evening.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, April 23, 1S40.
The CHAIR announced a communication from the Navy
Department, transmitting a statement of the contracts made
by Ihe Commissioners of the Navy during the year 1339: laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the petition of Henry T. Goodyear,
and others, of South Florida, praying a grant of land for the
purpose of raising tropical fruits and other purposes: referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr TAPPAN also presented the petitions of Jacob House-
man, and others, and William C. B¿thell, and others, all pray-
ing for pre-emption rights to enable them to make settle-
ments on some of the Flotida Keys: referred to the same cem-
niitcco.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pensions, made an
adverse report on the petition of the widow of John Nester;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PEARCE, from the same committee, made adverse
reports on the petitions of William Coley and Hester Hill, which
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims, to which
was recommitted the memorial of D S. Gardiner, moved that
the committee be diachargrd from the further consideration
thereof; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. II. from the same committee, made adverse reports on
the memorials of James Crook and Susan Murphy; which
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private I,and Claims, to
which was referred the petition of Robert Mc.Carty, made an
unfavorable report thereon; which was ordeied to bo printed.
Mr. L. on leave, introduced a bill to extend a portion of the
laws of the United States over the Territory of Oregon; which,
on motion by Mr. L. was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The íesolulion submitted by Mr. Lumpkin, and laid on the
table on Friday last, was taken up and adopted.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the petition of James Hill
and Stalker, for the loss of a steamboat, which bail been re-
ported on adversely by the Committee on Clwms, was, with
the accompanying papers, recnnvnutedtngaid committee,
On mu'-iun by Mr, WILLIAMS, the several bills that had
been presented on the subject of a general bankrupt law were
taken up, and made the order of the day lor to-morrow week.
On motion by Mr. LUMPKIN, the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads was discharged from the further con-
sideration of ihe memorial of McCardy and Whitesides.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, reported a bill supplementary to the act lor the erec-
tion of a court-house in the town  f Alexandria, and a bill fur
lighting the C.ipitol and President's squares, with the Pennsyl-
vania avenue, with carbonated hydrogen gas; which were «eve-
rally read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the communication of Mr.
Mills, the architect of the public buildings, on the same sub-
ject, was ordered to be printed.
The resolution submitted by Mr. White of Indiana, calling
on the Secretary ol the Treasury for information as te the
names and number of banks in which special deposites were
made, in anticipation of Treasury notes, was taken up.
Mr. HUBBARD moved to postpone it indefinitely, on the
ground that the lnlormatiou had already been communicated by
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution sub-
mitted hy ¡he gentleman Irom Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis ]
After some remirks from Messrs. HUBBARD and WHITE,
the question wa-j taken, and resulted—yeas 17, nays 18.
Mr. HUBBARD then moved to amend tbe resolution, by in-
seiting the words, "so far as the same information has not been
before eoinmuni'-atedto the Senate;" which amendment having
been agreed to, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the heirs at law of Edward
Wade, deceased; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Seve'ral reports of the standing committees, thai were lying
on the table, were taken up, and concurred in.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on the Public Buildings,
to which hail been referred the joint resolution from the
House, for the relief of Maslerson and Smith, reported it with-
out amendment; and the same being taken up, and considered
as in committee of the whole, was, after being amended, oi-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the bill to provide for the set-
tlement ol the claims ol the State of Maine for tbe services of
her militia, was taken up, and considered as in committee of
the whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the bill for the settlement of
tie claims ol the S'.ate of New Hampshire for the services of
her militia, was taken up, and considered as in committee! of
the whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the joint resolution from the
House to continue two clerks employed in the office of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, was taken up, and considered as in
committee of the whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
The bill in addition to the acts respecting the judicial system
of the United States, was taken up. and, after a debate, in
which Messrs. WEBSTER, CRITTENDEN, HENDERSON,
BUCHANAN, and SMITH of Indiana took part, was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill to amend the act entitled an act supplementary to
the act to amend the judidiaj system of ihe United State , was
taken up, ai c! was discussed by Messrs. BUCHANAN, CLAY.
TON, WEBSTER, SMITH of Indiana, GRUNDY, and MER.
RICK; but before taking any question,
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, Apiil <9, 18i0l
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented a petition of a number of
citizens engaged in the hat making business, praying for an
imposition ol a duty on foreign articles connected with the
manufacture of hats; which was referred to the Committee on.
Manufactuies, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUGGLES presented the petition of citizens of Wash-
ington county, Me. praying the enactment of a general bauk-
lupt law; which was laid on the table.
Mr. TAPPAN offered certain depositions taken in the case ol
Langtree and O'Sullivan; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Commitiee on Foreign Relations, to
which was referred the memorial of William D. Jones, made
an advetsí i eport thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRENTISS, frota the Committee on the Public Lands,
lo which was referred'the memorial of the 'Polish Exiles,"
praying to be allowed tp settle and cultivate the lands heretofore
granted to them by the United States, aod the petition of a
number of settleison the public lands in Illinois, praying that
their pre-emption rights may notbeaffect'tdby the grant to the
Polish Exiles, asked to he discharged from their further con-
s.deration; which wasagieed to.
Mr.LINN, fiom the Committee on Private Land Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of Joshua Kennedy, made
an a.lverse report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN also, from the same committee, reponed a bin,
confirming to Joshua Kennedy, assignee of Cornelius McCur-
tm, his title ¡o an island in the Teosaw river;
which was i ead, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce, to which was
referred the resolution m relation to the extension of the port
of New Orleans, reported a bill to extend the limits of the port
of New Orleans; which was read, and orderei to a second
eeailing, and the report ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. PHESTON, the bill to regulate the duties
on the importación of productions of the fine arts, was consi-
dered as ki committee of the whole, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
The joint resolution for «he relief of Langtree and O'Sullivan,
was taken up. and discussed by Messrs. TAPPAiN, SOUTH-
ARD, WHITE, SMITH of Indiana, and ALLEN, and was, on
motion by Mr. A. laid on the trble.
BILLS PASSED.
The joint resolution from the House, for the relief of Master-
son and Smith;
The hill to previde for tbe settlement of the claims of tbe State
of Maine for the services of her militia;
The bill for the settlement of the claims of the State of New
Hampshire, for the services of her miluia;                          .«„*_
The joint resolution from the House to continue tsmMa ** 
employed in the office of the Commissioner oJJr*w  •*'-
fails; ami                                                           -■i*!i*
The bill in addition to the acts respectingrt* judicial system
of the Uniied States;
were severally ruau a third time, and passed,
