364
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SmZSc
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, April 29, 1840.
Mr. C. n. WILLIAMS sentto the Chair, for the purpose of
having it printed, a paper which he inteuded to offer as an
amendment to the bill making appropriations to the Military
Academy at West Point.
Mr. BURKE of New Hampshire, from the select committee
appointed on the transactions of the Clerk with Mr. Langtree
about supplying stationery for the House, moved that that com-
mittee be authorized to employ a clerk.
Mr. GRAVES moved to amend the motion, by granting the
■ame powír to each of the six Committees on fcxpenditures in
the Departments, and also to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. PETRIKIN said that every day those belonging to the
committees, were seen in the lobbies. The motion now submit-
ted was to have an army of clerks; and it came from those who
were always complaining of the expenditures of the Govern-
ment. These clerks were idle at least lour days in the six. Is
it (said Mr. P.) to be tolerated! If members of the committee
did their duty, they could dispense witli clerks. They did not
want time or ability, but attention and punctuality; and why
should those who are sent here by the people to do business,
get other persons to do it for theml Mr. P. could cast his eye
into the lobbies now, and recognise two clerks of committees
{resent. The other day he saw three or four. He hoped the
louse would pause, before they acted with such gross incon-
sistency as to appoint the number of clerks asked for. Most of
the committees had hut two days' work in a week, and vet
wanted clerks! Mr. P was one of the Committee for the dis-
trict of Columbia during the last long session. They had the re-
newal of the charters of the District banks, and all the variety
of business now before that committee to attend to. There was
no necessity for a clerk then. All that they had to complain
of was want of punctuality in the members. Mr. P. had been
on several committees since, and had had the same cause for
complaint, and hoped the House would not appoint an army of
clerks.
Mr. GRAVES withdrew so much of his amendment as had
reference to the Committee for the District of Columbia, and
added that the clerks should be paid only for the time in which
they were actually employed.
Mr. LKET remarked that he thought the Select Committee,
whose chairman has reported this resolution, ought to be al-
lowed a clerk; there would be a great propriety in it.     If the
subject referred to them received that extended and full inves-
tigation which he presumed it would, it must strike every (tentle-
man that much writing will have to be done. The probability is,
that a large number of witnesses will be examined, and, in-
deed, the inquiry may run back through several previous
Congresses.     He felt, however, no solicitude about it, and
would be satisfied with any decision the HouBe may make.
He had a word to say in regard ti> the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mi. Graves ]   He thouzht it was unnecessa-
ry, as that motion proposed to provide for clerks for the several
Commit, ees of Accounts and Expenditures in the Departments,
until they asked this House for them.   If those committees, or
any of them, deem it necessary to institute an inquiry, and find
that the assistance of a clerk is needed to facilitate their labors,
so far as he knew now, he would vote for it.     But he was un-
willing to anticipate the matter by adopting the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky, (Mr. Graves,] and thereby fur
uishing clerks to these committees, without being called on to
do so.   He (Mr. L.) suggested that the honotable gentleman
would withdraw his amendment, and not encumber the resulu.
On motion by Mr. N9RVELL, the bill granting to tke State
of Michigan a quantity of land to aid in constructing a canal
around the Falls of est. Marie, was taken up, and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, ayes 20, noes 16, as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Allen, Clay of AUbama, t mum, Grundy,
Henderson, King, Linn, Mouton, Nicholas, Noivell, Porter,
K jomson, Sevier, Smith ot Indiana, Tappan, Walker, Web-
ster, White, Wrigni, and You.ig—-a).
NA¥S—Mesar.1. Anderson, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clav of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Dixun, Hubbard, Knight,
Lumpkin, Merrick, Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Southard,
ami Sturgeon—16.
ORDERS OF THE BAY.
The bill granting one township of land to the Territory of
Florida for the establishment of the Dade Institute, was taken
up as in committee of the whole, and was advocated at some
length by Mr. FULTON, and opposed by Mr. SOUTHARD;
when, on motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, it was laid on the
table.
The bill to authorize the Mount Carmel and New Albany
Railroad Company to enter, on a credit, a quantity of land to aid
the company in tue construction of a railroid from New Alba-
ny, in the State of Indiana, to Mount Carmel, in the State of
Illinois, and for other purposes, was taken up, and after being
amended, ou motion by Mr. SMITH, it was ordered to be en-
grossed for a ttiird reading.
The bill for the benefit of the Selmaand Tennessee Railioad
Company was taken up, and after some remarks from Mr.
BENTON, it was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then mnved a reconsideration of the pre-
ceding bill, which hadjust been ordered to be engrossed; whii-ti,
after «discussion, in which Messrs. CRITTENDEN, SMITH
of Indiana, WHITE, BENTON, MERRICK, YOUNG, and
KING, was agreed to; and the amendment was reconsidered and !
negatived.                                                                              j
The question again coming up, it was ordered to be engross-
ed for a third reading—yeas 17, nays 10, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.  Calhoun, Clay of   Alabama,   Crittenden,  ;
Dixon, Fulton, Henderson, King, Knight, Merrick, Nicholas,  ',
Porter,Robinson, Smith ol Indiana, Walker, Webs er, White,
and Young—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Hubbard, Linn, Lumpkin, ¡
Pierce, Preston, Sevier, Sturgeon, and Tappan—10.
The bill for the benefit of the Selma and Tennessee Railroad
Company was again taken up, and after some remarks by
Messrs. KING and CLaY of Alabama, it was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The bill to amend the act entitled an act supplementary to the
act to amend the judicial system of the United States, was ta-
ken up, and alter some remarks by Messrs. BUCHANAN,
CUTHBERT, SMITH of Indiana, and SEVIER, its further
consideration was postponed until Wednesday next.
The Senate then went into the consideration of Executive bu-
si.iess, and afterwards
Adjourned.
tion of the honotable gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Burke.]
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS was in favor of allowing commit-
tees of investigation the assistance of a clerk, as in all such ca-
ses there was a very great amount of labor to perforin, which
could not be done in any reasonable time by the members of
the committee themselves. The gentleman fi m Pennsylva-
nia had said he was willing to grant them a clerk when they
should ask for one. But had not the chairman of the commit-
tee asked for one? Certainly lie had, and urged the House to
grant his request. It was a well known fact, that in these com-
mittees of investigation, their efforts were in some cases ren-
dered nugatory, f.>r want of the assistance of a clerk to assist
them in the great amount of labor to be performed. He, thete-
fore, hoped the gettleman from Pennsvlvania woul 1 no longer
object to the employment of a clerk by the select committee, of
which the gentleman from Louisiana was chairman. As to the
other committees, he could not say much about them, except
that when they were charged with any special investigation,
requiredto be acted upon at once, it would be necessary for
them to have a clerk.
Mr. COST JOHNSON was glad this motion had been made,
asking the appointment of a clerk, and that an amendment had
been offered, asking the allowance of clerks to other commit-
tees. He had always considered the assistance of a clerk ne-
cessary in many of the committees, when the amount of labor
was necessarily so very great. He would, by consent of the
House, move a still further amendment; which was, that the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and the Select Commit-
tee on the subject of a National Foundry, be also permitted to
employ aclerk. It was absolutely impossible for the members
of those committees to go through the mass of business without
one, and he would say, that if the House should refuse, a large
portion of the papers must be reported without examination, or
incur the expenses of printing, which would amount to more
than the clerk; but if a clerk be allowed the committee, the ex-
pense of priming would be saved.
Mr. CRAIG opposed the motion, in a few remarks, which
were not distinctly heard, and concluded by moving the previ-
ous question.
Mr. BURKE now wished to withdraw his motion, but as
he had made it by order of a committee, the Chair ruled that
he had no power to do so.
Mr. CONNOR moved to lay the whole subject on the table,
and on that motion demanded the yeas and nays; which were
ordered; and were—yeas 100, nays 66. So the resolution was
laid on the table.
Mr. LINCOLN asked the indulgence of the House to permit
him, at this time, to present the memorial of William Wright,
in reference to trie manner in which the debt lately due to the
United States from the Commonwealth Bank, in Boston, had
been satisfied
Leave having been granted, Mr. L. presented the memorial,
and moved its reference to a select committee, upon which he
expressed a desire not to be placed. The committee was there-
upon ordered.
The CHAIR announced that the business first before the
House was the report of the Select Committee on the case of
Meesrs. Bynum and Garland.
Mr. J. W. JONES said the pressing character of the appro-
priation bill; the absolute necessity ofits immediate passage, to
supply the wants of ihe Government, made it his imperative
duty to move the postponement of the consideration of the re-
port until Friday next; which motion was agreed to, without a
count.
Mr. RAMSEY asked and obtained leave to presenta memo-
rial of Mr. Sullivan, and have it referred to the Committee on
Stationery.
Mr. CLIFFORD obtained leave to correct an erroneous state-
ment in the report of the Globe, in which it wrs stated that he
(Mr. C.) was included among a list of members who had been
returned as in custody of the Sergoam-at-Arms, and whose fine
had been remitted. Mr. C. had been in attendance in his place
the whole night, and had never been in custody, or discharged
from it, with or without the payment of fees. He had no
doubt the mistake had originated through inadvertence. The
Reporter of the Globe had promised to have it corrected; but he
thought it proper tu make the statement to the House, that
others might correct it, if they have been misled by the report
mentioned.
Mr. HAND desired to make an explanation,which he thought
was due to the honorable gentleman [Mr. Smith] of Maine. It
was reported in the last evening's Globe, that he stated that
some gentlemen, after answering to their names, absented
themselves. This remark, Mr. H. said, he believed, was not
applicable to the gentleman from Maine, though it might be so
understood from its juxtapos tion, by those who did not under
stand the subsequent proceedings.
Many members had been brought in. It was breakfast time,
and several gentlemen supposing those who had come in would
be sufficient to firm a quorum, had taken that opportunity to
obtain some. But so many left, that ihe House seemed in
dinger of an involuntary dissolution by the individual disper-
sion of the members, and the House was idle for want of a quo-
rum. He moved a call. The Speaker said this was not in
order, without first dispensing with the one not completed. He
(Mr. H.)"then explained, that he wished a supplemental call
by order, as had been dane before that night. That he wished
the roll called over. The Speaker replied that, by naming
absentees, a motion to take into custody would be'in order.
Thatknowing that a call of the absentees, or taking yeas and
nays, would arrest the attention of members, and bring many to
seats, and at the same time avoid meddling with the call in any
manner, he then named three of his personal and political
friends who had been active all night, and the gentleman from
Maine being first named, the vote was fiist moved upon him
and passed fiem con; when his Trend and colleague [Col. Pren-
tiss.] who was sitting by h;s side, immediately moved a re-
consideration; upon which he, Mr. H. called the yeas and nays,
avowing his purpose, which were ordered, and the motion car-
ried, as he thought unanimously, until he saw by the papers
there were a few negative votes.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, thenouse then resolved it-
self into Committee of the Whole (Mr. Casey in the chair) and
resumed the consideration of the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill.
Mr W. C. JOHNSON moveiVto Btrike out the appropriation
to cany on the branch mints at Dahlonega, in the Slate ol
Georgia.
Mr. J. W. JONES hoped the motion thus unceremoniously
to do away this establishment would not prevail.   This «stab-
lishment had recently gone into operatic*; although its opera.
tions have been not very extensive, the coinage was a very con.
siderahle sum. Its operations would excel that of ihe parent
mint during the same period when it was first established, a
large amount of money had been expended in buildings and ap.
paratus proper to conduct that important branch of national
interest, and now it wa3 unceremoniously and prematurely pro-
posed to abolish it without even giving the establishment a fair
opportunity to develnpe itself—and thus to desert this vast
amount of public property to go to ruin, without any person
even to take charge of the property, to save it from depredation.
If this was the economy of the Opposition, he thought the na-
tion could not be much benefited by it. He sincerely hoped
gentlemen would consider the step they proposed to take; and
trusted that this amendment, which goes to repeal an existing
law, would not prevail.
Mr. COOPER expressed bis surprise that the gentleman from
Maryland should have proposed the abolishing of these insti-
tutions, when the results were already so satisfactory. The
very same objections now urged, might, with equal propriety,
have been urged at the time these mints were established; but
now the money had been expended, and the mints been in ope-
ration two years, it was proposed to abolish them. He weuld
remind the gentleman that there were many powerful reasons
for the continuance of those mints in North Carolina and Geor-
gia; and one of those reasons was, that they opened a market to
the laborious gold diegers of those countries for their gold, with-
outobliging them tosubmit to the extortion of speculator, who
formerly shaved them at the rate of seven, eight, and ten per
cent, in the product of their labor. Reason and common sense
would dictate that the coining should be performed in the very
heart of the country where the precious metals were found.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ogle] yesterday
had said that it was "an expensive business." He would ask
that gentleman to tell him whether he had ever found that the
business of coinage in the United States was not an expensive
business!
Mr. C. then referred to the expenses attending the operations
of the mint at Philadelphia, and asked why the same argu-
ment would not warrant the abolnien of that institution!
Mr. C. then went on to show that if the whole amount of
coinage were executed in the South, even at Dahlonega, it
would be more economical than keeping up the Philadelphia
mint. He said he would not detain the committee at that
time, buton a proper occasion he would go into a detail of facts,
showing that if the mere saving of dollars was the object in
view, on a question between the mint at Philadelphia and the
branch at Dahlonega, the decisio i would b; in favor of the
branch. He did not consider it, however, a mere question of
dollars and cents. The Government had a policy to carry out,
which had not yet been fairly tested.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland hoped when the chairman of
Ways and Means rose for the purpose of opposing the amend-
ment, that he would have given some other argument why this
mint should not be discontinued than that the Government had
expended a great deal of money to put it into operation. He
expected to hear from him an argument based on the ground of
great national interest—that, ts subserve some great national
end, it should not be discontinued; but his only argument was,
that the Gevernment had expended a great sum to put it in ope-
ration. If no practical good could result in the expenditure of
411.500 to keep it in operation, the fact of saving that amount
ought to be a strong argument for striking it out. He knew that
it was situated in the heart of a gold region, but he maintained
that there was no saving to the Government on that account—
the price of transportation of the bullion to Philadelphia being
less than the cost to keep the establishment up. It was no
saving on that score, hut a drain on the Treasury of 911,500.
The argument used last year, when the same question was agi-
tated, was that it was an infant establishment; try it but ano-
ther year, and if it did not prove advantageous to the nation,
abolish it. He then went into an argument to show that the ad-
vantages then promised to the Government by keeping up tins
branch mints had not been realized, and that they should be esta-
blished. The mint establishment at Philadelphia was adequate
to all the wants of the Government.
Mi. HABERSHAM was understood to defend the mint asan
object of great national policy. The establishment of this
ment was in the country where he resided, and was in the heart
of a great coal country. It had had a tendency to encourage
in that vicinity a spirit of enterprise. The inducements held
out had caused many not only to search for gold, but other va-
luable metals in which that country abounds. That region
abounds in the richest minerals, gold, silver, copper, and iron.
Notwithstanding it was there, it would be useless for the want
of capital, and enterprise, if this mint was abolished. Such
was the case to a certain extent, before the establishment of this
mint there. But since its establishment there was no want of
capital; it had diverted capital from other sections to invest in
the mining operations there. The circumstance of its affording
a ready market for bullion, and a fair equivalent for labor of
this kind had given a new impulse to the mining operations;
many persons are now engaged in it that heretofore would not
touch it. Another advantage was that it prevents the gold
and silver from being sold to the silversmith, to he melted up
into wares, and prevented it from passing into foreign hands. It
all finds its way now to the mint. The whole expendituie of
the Government will be sunk, if the appropriation be withheld;
the property of the Government would go to run. Mr. H.
hen went into the causes ot the wastage; and also to shew the
reasons why the operations of the mint had not been so great as
might have been expected; he said that it took along time to
prepare the metal to give it a proper refinement, before it could
be coined. Its operations hereafter for that cause would be
greater.
Mr. STANLY obtained the floor, and made some remarks in
relation to what he was understood to call a corrupt expendi-
ture of the public money at the branch mint at Charlotte, worth
Carolina; from the tenor of which remarks, it was inferred that
he was in favor of abolishing that mint for that cause. Heex-
hibited an account of $218, incurred for the purchase of trees
and shrubbery by the superintendent of that establishment, (Mr.
Wheeler,) to ornament the public grounds attached to that esta-
blishment. He commented on the same, and denounced it,
with ihe view, he said, of showing how beautifully these hum-
bugs go together, ami to show how this fellow (the superin-
tendent) lived out of the public spoils. He made other re-
marks, the tenor of which may be inferred by the replies of
his colleagues.
Mr. BLACK said he had risen without consultation with
any party, either In that Houfenr out of It, to set the mark tf
