CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36?
rsss
from isolated item  of an account not befoie the committee,
and which referred to transactions two years ago. Now every
one knew, when a gentleman selected his own items, and
placed them in the hands of an ingenious man, how very easy
it was to make
"The worse, appear the better cause."
When a gentlemen had the power of selectinga few isolated
facts without giving the connection by, which they perhaps
mightbe explained, it was very easy to give a coloring which
might be" removed hy an eximination of all the facts. His
"mind bad been brought to that conclusion by the recent law
paasedin relation to certain alleged abuses in tho Depaitments.
The other day he had heard a charge made that a large num-
ber of newspapers had been purchased in the Post Office De-
partment, and the money of the Government expended for the
¡impose of encouraging a party press. Owing to the charge,
he conceived it his duty to address a letter to the Postmaster
General on the subject, and what was thi answer! Why, that,
although the amount appeared on the face of the account yet
one half of it had been paid for debts contracted by the former
incumbentof the Department. Thus it would he seen at once
how very dangerous it was to rely on these ex parle statements.
It would be seen how very easy it was to create a wrong im-
pression by examining only one side of a qnes'ion. Before
such chrrges were made, they ought always to be investigated,
so that both sides of a question might be examined, after which
a very different impression might exist How was it in our
courts of justice v. hen a j uror was sometimes so conv meed of the
guilt of a party as to require no further evidence? But in how
many cases, after hearing the defence, was the opinion of that
juror completely changed, and all prejudice removed by coun-
ter and explanatory evidence?
If abuses existed, and the history of all Governments proved
that they would exist under the most virtuous Administrations,
he was perfectly willing for an investigahon, so that they might
lie c greeted. What had the Administration done at the present
session? Had they not thrown open the door as wide as it could
be thrown for the purpose of investigation! Then if there
were any allegedabu-es, let gentlemen investigate them. Yet-;
let them have a ful!, fair, and thorough investigation, and if,
afterthat, it should be found that corruption existed in any
quartet whatever, he and the party with whom he acted wou'd
go heart and soul for ieform. But he would entreat of gentle-
men not to bring charges here without previous inveslisation.
Let not the parties be condemned without a hearing He had
no doubt Inn the abuses did exist, and, considering the imper-
fection of human nature,it would:be a great wonder if they did
not ex.st.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] in speak-
ing of the purchase of trees at the mint in that State, had pre-
sented an extraordinary array of names. The gentleman had
brought up many hard words, which he said he could scarcely
spell, nor pronounce them after he had spelt them. They
were, in fact, what in Virginia they termed 'jaw crackers."
Now he would tell the gentleman that many of those fine,
high sounding names were but the classical names of trees
common to every part of the country. For instance, among
the rest, the gentleman had discovered the "horse chestnut,"
and had made a great flourish about that as one of the rare
trees paid for out of the Government money. But would the
gentleman permit him to tell him that these horse chestnuts
were plenty iu our country, and that in the West it was what
they called the buck-eye. Mr. .1. then told an amusing anec-
dote of some Western genius who sent all the way to iiew
York aid procured at great expense a certain bush, with a high-
sounding latin name. But when it arrived, the poor fellow dis-
cova ed there were plenty of the same kind on his own ground.
Mr. J. again protested against the practice of bringing char-
ges on the floor against individuals, who had no opportunity of
defending themselves. He hoped th 13 practice of general de-
nunciation, without proper examination would be discontinued.
In relation to the purchase of trees, by the superintendant of
the mint in North Carolina, if it were a fault, it was a fault into
which many others, much higher than that individual, had fal-
len. The trees belonged to the establishment, and if they were
purchased by the peoples money, they were the property of
the people, and not that of individuals.
After some further remarks from Mr. STANLY, the q 'ca-
tion was taken on the amendment, and it was rejected.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the bill was ameuded by
the addition of $7,000 to pay the expenses of an extrasession in
tlie Territory of Iowa, preparatory to coming into the Union.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Iowa effered the following amendment:
"To supply the deficiency in the appropriati. n for the year
1839, for defraying the expenses of the legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Iowa, 914,000."
Mr. C. said he did not intern! to make a speech for home
consumption, but with a view that the committee might under-
stand the grounds upon which the people of Iowa claimed the
appropriation asked for. He then read a clause in the act of
June, 183}, for organizing the Territory of Iowa, which appro-
priated a certain sum to defray tho expenses of the Legislative
Aisembly, incidental expenses, &c.
Mr. C. said that the printing of the laws had not bpen paid
kr, and was one of the items lor which an appropriation was
now asked. Mr. C inquired if the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and the House, were willing for him
to go home, and answer to the printer, and to those who had
vacated their church that the members of the Assembly inigiit
there hold theirdeliberations, that he could not get an appropri-
ation to piy for the printing of the laws, the expenses of the
Legielal v i Assembly, and the rent of the church?
Mr. C. invited the attention of the committee to a statement,
showing the amount of money paid into the Treasury since the
organuution of Iowa Territory, and said that last year a larger
amount was appropriated for the Wiskonsin Assembly than
for that of Iowa; and if there was necessity for any difference,
it ought to have been m favor of Iowa, its membtis having co
trau8' ? greater dwonie to the seat of Government.
He then sent the resolutions of the General Assembly to the
Clerk's table to be read, to show the necessity which existed
for the additional appropriation of «14,000.
.<£]«  «ked why W"1" ™™ received «34,000 and Iowa but
«Z7.UÜ0. He wanted to know why Iowa was turned off with a
les sum?
Mr C. then stated the amount appropriated for Wiskonsin
and Florida for several years past, and did not complain of the
appropriations—they were not too large—but he wanted to know
¡he reason for the d fference between the appropriation lor tnoee
Territories, aad.hat of Iowa                           r
Mr. C by way of information, sent to the Clerk's table, to
he read, a statement from the Commissioner of the General
L=md Office, showing how far Iowa had contributed to the sup-
pott of the Government in the salesof public lands; and Mr.
C. in the course of his remarks, argued generally in favor of the
appropriation.
Mr. PE nilKIN said that the appropriation was to pay debts
owing to mechanics. The printer of the laws of the Territory
had executed his duty, and for want of pay was now bank-
rupt. If the House did not furnish the people of Iowa means
of knowing what the law was, they were not to be blamed for
any inftaction of them. Mi. P. contended that the appiopria-
tion should be made.
After some remarks between Messrs. J. W. JONES, BOND,
LEADBETTER, and CHAPMAN of Iuwa,
Mr. PETRIKIN offered the following as a substitute for Mr.
Chapman's amendment, which Mr. C, accepted.
" For the paymentofthe printing of the laws, and other con-
tingent expenses of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Iowa, being a deficiency in the appropriation made for the year
1839, fourteen thousand dollars: Provided, That no part of this
appropriation shall be used for the payment of member  of the
said Legislative Assembly for per diem wages, or mileage, or
extra services, or for the payment of any of the   embers there-
of, or of its its clerks, or lor stationery for their individual use."
A few words passed between Messrs J. W. JONES and
CUSH1NG; after which the amendment was adopted.
Mr. STANLY here made sjme remarks i relation to the sa-
lary of the Attorney General, and read some portion of the re-
pcrt of the Swartwow invest'gating committee. He was re-
plied to by Messrs. J. W. JONES and PETRIKIN.
Mr. CRABB moved tostiike out the apnropriaiion of 810.000
fin-the purchase of law books for the cftice of the Attorney
General: audit was disagiced to—ayes 51, noes not counted.
The clause for'compensation to the district attorneys and
maishals, including those in the several Territories, $14,550,"
havins been read,
Mr. W. B. CALHOUN moved the following amendment to
that paragraph:
"And that the said district attorneys, marshals, and also the
clerks of the circuit and district courts, shall keep an account
of all fees, forfeitures, salary, and perquisites, received or
chareed by them, and render the same annually, under oath to
the Secretary of the Treasury; and all sums of money received
by either of said officers, whether from fees, forfeitures, salary,
or perquisites, if in the southern district of New York, the easl-
e.n district of Pennsylvania, the district of Charleston, South
Carolina, the distnetof Louisiana, including New Orleans, the
district of Massachusetts, over and above thesum of $3,500,
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States, meaning
to limit the whole compensation of the officers above named,
to the sum of £3,500, in each district; and in all other dis-
tricts, whether in Slates orTerritories, not named as above, the
district attorneys, marshals, antl clerks, shall render an account
asabnve required; and all sums of money received by each of
said 1 flirers respectively referred, to over and above ihe sum
of S2.5O0, shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States,
intending hereby to limit the amount of compensation of said
officers to 1 lie sum ofs2,500."
Mr. J  JONES rose toa question of order.   The proposition
was in a separate bill, which covered the whole subject; and
by the rule ii would not be in order to inuoduco into tins bill.
The CHAIR ruled the amendmentnut of order; and
After a few remaiks from Messrs. CALHOUN and MASON
on the point of order,
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky, the gentleman who intredocedthe
bill to which the reference was made, stated that that bil' was
diffarent in its provision? from the am ndmertt.
TneCIlAlR then decided the amendment in order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE.   Then I appeal.
The CHAIR understands, since Ins first decision, that the
provisions of the bill were en'irely different (rum ti.e amend-
ment proposed now.     Under the statement of the gentleman
who reported the bill to which reference was  made,  that  the
proposition was different, the Chair has no hesitation to state
that the amendment is in order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he did not take an appeal from any
captious motive, or to throw any obs:acle in the way of the
amendment, or action on the bill. He should not care if it was
this isolated question, but it would be a precedentdanserous to
our legislation. We should have the duties of officers interpola-
ted in an appropriation bill. The proposition is entirely diffe-
rent in its nature from the bill now before the committee. This
is a bill making appropriation for the compensation of officers,
under existing laws; and the amendment proposed is to pre-
scribe the duties o'officers, which belongs to the bill creating
the officers, and not the bill to pay ihem. There was no instance
on record where, in a bill to pay the officers, a proposition was
incorporated to prescribe the duties of the officers. He was op-
posed to it on two grounds The bill of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis,1 was substantially the same: it was some-
thing in relation to the appointment of marshals and
attorneys. This amendment is of the same nature. It
belongs in point of stbstance and character to that bill, and
not to tint The whole object of the amendment was to em-
barrass the bill wish extran<ous matters. If this course of
legislation be permitted, it would involve confusion in the laws.
Whoever would think of looking in the civil and diplomatic
bill for the duties of the marshals and attorneys. It would
produce such a confusion in the le?fcla;inn 01 the countiy,
which every wise legislator would wish to avoid.
A debato here followed, in which Messrs. EVANS, DAVIS,
of Kentucky, BRIGGS, GRAVES, and L. WILLIAMS parti-
cipated, in favor of the decision of the Chair, and Mr. McK AY
in opposition, who cited a decision in point, in support of the
ground he assumed; when
Mr. GRAVES obtained the floor, and was discussing matters
irrelevant to the question before committee; when
Mr. PETRIKIN called Mm to order for irrelevancy ofdebate.
The CHAIR decided that he. was nut of order.
Mr. PETRIKIN objected to his proceeding without permis-
sion of the House.
Mr BLACK moved that he he permitted to proceed.
The question was taken by tellers; and it was ascertained
that there were—ayes 65, noes 44: no quorum having voted.
The committee rose, and its chairman reported that fact to
theHou=p.                                    ,
Mr. McK AT moved a call of the House.
Mr. PROFFIT moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. JONES of Virginia demanded the yeae  ntj nays, which
were ordered, and were—yea  64, nay  76.
So the House refused to adjourn.
There being a quorum now present,
Mr. McKAY withdrew his motion for a call of the Home.
The House then resolved into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Casey in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the civil and diplomatic bill.
The question beitgon the moiion to permit the gentleman
from Kentncky [Mr. GravesI to pioceed in his remarks,
Messrs. Craeb and Pope having been appointed tellerstoascer-
tain that fact, reported ayes G8, nces 45—no quorum voting.
The committee again rose, and its chairman reported that fact
to the House.
Mr. EVANS thought it impossible to get through with the bill
that night, and moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. DUNCAN demanded the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered, and were—yeas 64, nays 78.
So the House again refused to adjourn.
The House again went into Committee of the Whole, and the
question being on permitting tho gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Graves] to proceed in his remarks, the question was taken by
tellers, (Messrs. Carter and IIorKiNS acting as such,) who re-
p< rted ayes 107, noes 25.
Afiei a few remarks by Messrs. GRAVES and McKAY,
The CHAIR stated the ground on which the appeal had been
taken from the its decision, that the resolution of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts was in order; and upon putting the
question whether the decision of the Chair should stand as
the judgment of the committee,
Mr. R. GARLAND called for tellers; when Messrs. Clifford
and Carter were appointed tellers, who, after a count, report-
ed—ayes 51, noes 74.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
Mr. GIÜD1NGS offered the following as an amendment  to
the same; hut it was declared-to be out of order:
' Piovided, Thatin ihose States where jurors are drawn by
constables or other officers of corporate towns or places, the
marshal shall receive for his trouble in distributing the rentre
for each grand or petit jury the sum of two dollars, and no
more."
Mr. R.GARLAND then submitted the following as an amend-
ment:
'Provided, That no salaries or fees shall be paid to any dis-
trict attorneys who shall not have paid into the Treasury any
money collecied by him."
Mr. McK AY suggested that there was already a law to the ef-
fect of the resolution just offered; which law was read by the
Clerk
And aflera delate, in which Mefsrs R. GARLAND, PROF-
FIT, PETRIKIN, STANLY, EVANS, HOLLEMAN, J. W.
JONES. McKAY, GRAVES, CHAPMAN, and GALBRAITH
participated,
Mr PROFFIT moved that the committee rise.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. Carter and Petrikin
wercappointed telleis; who reported—\eas 52, nays 70.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question was then taken on the amendment, and resulted
—yeas 34, nays 60; no quorum voting.
Tellers were then called lor; when Messrs. Graves and
Lewis were appointed, and, after a count, reported—yeas 33,
noesKd: still no quorum.
The committee then  rose, and the Chairman reported 10
the House lhat there was not a quorum present.
Mr. DUNCAN moved a call of the House.
Mr. STaNLY moved that Ihe House adjourn.
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas and nays; which having
been ordered,
Mr. STANLY withdrew his moiion.
¡Mr. EVANS renewed it.
Mr. CLIFFORD called for the yens and nays; which were
ordered, anil weie, yeas 64, na;s "2.
A quorum being present,
Mr. DUNCAN withdrew his motion fora call of the House.
Mr. CRABH asked leave of absence until six o'clock  to-*
morrow; which leave was granted.
The House then again went into Committee of the Whole,
and
The CHAIR stated the question to be on the amendment of
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Garland ]
Tellers were called lor, and Messrs. Parris of Maine anil Da-
vies of Pennsylvania, werea¡ pointed, who reported—ayes 47,
noes 85.
Sti the amendment was rejected.
The following paragraph in the bill was then read, viz:
'• Fot defraying the expense of the supreme, circuit, and dis.
trict courts 01 the United Slates, including the District ol Co-
lumbia; also fori nrors and witnesses, in aid of the funds arising
fiom fine?, penalties, and foifeiruies incurred in the year 18MÍ
and preceding years, and likewise for defraying the expenses m'
suns, in which the United Slates are concerned, and of prosecut-
ing for offences committed against the United Siates,andforthe
safe keeping of orisoners."
Mr. J. W.JONES moved to fill the blank with «300,000. the
amount estimated by the Secretary of the Treasury, based on
the s'atementsof marshals. The appropriation ol last year waa
but 8128,1 00, in consequence ol there being an unexpended ba-
lance on hand, of former appropriations, of upwards 01 SiUO.OUO.
That was the cause of the discrepancy.
Mr. CUSHING inquired of the chairman of the Committee of
Waysand Means wheiher he had any estimates in detail which
made up this large aggregate.
Mr. J. W. JONtS said he had no detailed estimates. The
Secretary of the Treasury had informed him that the details fur-
nished him amounted to upwards of «340.000, but that the Se-
cretary deemed the S30O,00O in the bill sufficient.
Mr. CUSIHNG said that a portion of this amount goes to pro-
secute the State prisoners, and for the safe keeping of prisoners,
of which MrKcnzte and Van Rensselaer were among the num-
ber. They should be no longer imprisoned. He had received pe-
titions on the subject, which he had no opportunity afforded him
to present to the House; and if he had had an opportunity to
present, it would not have been in his power to discuss. It being
in order now, and probably the only time during the seemon, he
would embrace ihe opportunity to make some remarks on the
eubject. The petition he held in his hand, he said, wou W re **
to the chair; and it was an illustration of the great «>let**3
felt in the country in relation to the imprisonment •• weeegen-
tlemen.                                                                             . ■ _   T
Mr. PARRISsail it was not in order  d*««"*ir^SüV
this petition, whether thete gentlemen wewjueT «WP "/
imprisoned.
