CONGRESSIONAL CHLOBE.
26th Cong___..-1st Skss.
TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1840.
Voluwtb 8...........No. 24.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Cmtinutd firem Xo. 93.
No quorum hevmg  <«^. l*"> .««wunwja roes, and the
•haimun reported th*l fret to the House, whan
Mr ÜROMGOOLE moved a call ol the House, and the ques-
tion being uui, ths.yes were 50,l,h«.no"*8-   „.  „ .„_„«,
ThTrotl was thereupon called, when 13b members anawerad
to their namea. The absentee  wore thea called, when 140
member  were found te be present; and
On motion of Mr BANKS, a quorum being now present, all
funnel proceedings with Ihecall wasdispensed with.
The House then resolved itself mto committee and resumed
the consideration of the bill.                           .
The vote was taken on the appeal, and decided in the afflrma-
tire—ayes 6S, noes 44. But, no quorum having voted, the ques-
tion was put again, by consent, and resulted as follow —ayea
aa nnss 42.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. DA Via briefly advocated his amendment. It was bis
parpóse to move to strike out certain other items from the bill,
asaounime in ail to 8360,000, while his amendment waa only
$230,000. lie waned to keep within the limits of gentlemen who
were fastidious in not exceeding the estimates from the Depart-
ment*. He should not enter into details, but felt bound te no-
tice some of the remarks winch had been made when the sub-
ject waa before up. It was true that the President had omitted
to insert it m the estimates for this bill. It wae a gross omis-
aion. Though a party man, he did not approve of this pau of
the course of the Administration, but he was not one of those
plastic politicians whose only merit was their pliability. The
President, however, had sent in estimates for the road from the
Secretary of War; yet no bill had been reported for it to the
House; of this he complained. Gentlemen refused to vote for
thu appropriation because Martin Van Buren bad not recom-
mended it. Was Martin Van Buren the oncle of the House)
lie would lhat gentleman considered him so in some other cases.
Mr. BROWN of Mississippi apprehended that sucha course
would lead to reply and elicit a long debate.
Mr. DAVIS then redi led to Mr. Pajuus, who accused the
people of the West of being squatters and pillagers of the soil,
and went into a eulogy on the said squatters and pillagers, of
whom many came lrom Maine, who were known by their
fondness for pine logs and saw mills; but all of them improved
the anil hy labor.
He then went into the question of the constitutionality of the
road. He referred to the sanction of all our Presidents in na
favor, and also to the masterly speech of Mr. Mason, of Ohio,
oa the constitutional question. He then went into the estimates
for the completion of the road, and insisted that they were al-
together enoneous and extravagant. The West would take,
gladly, one-half of the sum, and engage to finish the woi k.
He argued to show that it would be a saving to appropriate
now, lest the road should go into a state of complete dilapida-
tion. and require four times as much hereafter. He noticed
the accusation against the President, that he had sacrificed the
West to get the South; if so, it was miserable policy, for he
would, by such a course, lose the West, and net thereby gam
the South.
Mr. HUBBARD made a point of order. The appropriation
had aothuig to do with the President's opinions, but must be
judged on its own merits.
Mr. DAVIS was glad to hear this. He hoped gentlemen
would act on that principle, and vote this appropriation, whe-
ther the President had recommended it or not. He replied to
some previous remarks of Mr. Hoffman as to the course of
the Whig  in relation to this road.
Mr. HUBBARD again protested against going into general
politics.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina hold it in order, on an
appropriation bill, to go into the whole course of the Govern-
ment-
Mr. DAVIS insisted on his right to reply tn an accusation in
some sense personal to himself. He then went into an expla-
nation of a local kind, as to his course in Indiana, when can-
vassing for the last election; in the course of which, he noticed
some remarks of Mr. Pkoppit, touching "tricks and capers
cut'' in that Slate during the election, lie noticed the consti-
tutional objections of certain gentlemen from Virginia against
the road, as geographical m their limits, and suddenly seizing
those gentlemen when the road reached a certain point. He
dwelt ou the pledge and contract of the Government, which
bound them to its completion: on the memorials from Western
Legislatures; and thejustice, necessity, and good policy of par-
suing and continuing the road. Mr. U. went into the objections
urged by Mr. Picrsws, deriding the idea  f danger "to (he Union
from the continuance of a work so purely national. Mr. D.
was quoting two speeches of Mr. Clay, when
Mr. THOMPSON of Missssppi called him to order.
Mr. STANLY objected, and said let him go on, his speech
would have to be answered; and
Mr. PROFFIT gave notice that this part of Mr. Davis's
speech would certainly be answered, be the consequences what
they might.
Mr. D, resumed, and dwelt on thejustice of the claims of the
Western people to the comp'edon of this work; and adverted
toa certain " handwriting on the wall of the market place,"
which indicated that all opposition to them would be futile. A*
long as he had the honor of holding a seat here, he should be
found toiling to sustain their rights, and resisting the tyranny
°il uJ?ru,",eral Government toward the people and interests of
UNDERWOOD1"""" fr°™ MeWt3 W' TiIOMPSON " d
Ji'J" C0áj ABUSÓN addressed the committee in sup-
port of an amendmenlofered by him to the amendment of Mr.
Wü. u r «"""P" *  so much of the road as remained
ÜSS??££"2!•J* " * ""- > <J theMonoeacy river,andap.
propnaune «90,000 to that object.
jJt'JO**}IT™*Mk"d. i° aoa¡Pi * «mendmentasa mo.
dlficatton of that proposed by him, at first consented, but, on
hewing as objection from Mr. Pswmm to the amendment, de-
clined.
i. Mr-JOHNSON went on to advocate the amendment he
haaottred with great earnestness, showing its great impor-
tance to the regularity of the mails; insisting that the United
States had failed ot fulfilling its contract to Maryland, in neg-
lecting this part of the road, and commending the enter
prise of his Sute, in expending so largely on her roads and
canals.
He replied to Mr. Davis's complaint about the oppressive
conduct of the General Government to the Western States,
pledging himself to aid in a bill repealing the act which exempts
the public lands from State taxation lor five years. 1 o make up
for the expense of the amendment he had proposed, he should,
when in ume, move to reduce the amount appropriated in this
bill for the survey of the public lands.
Mr J. expressed his hearty concurrence in the plan proposed
hy Mr. TJnd&kwood for the distribution of the proceeds of ihe
public lands; should that prevail, he was ready to vote that Ma-
i y land should lake her portion of this road, and complete it from
her own resources.
Mr. BRIGGS was against the amendment of Mr. Johnson,
but in favor of that moved hy Mr. Pavis, as a part of thai great
system, which, though broken in upon, had not been bioken
down, and he hoped never would.
Mr. DAVIS now explained that he did not wish to strike out
the appropriation for the coast survey.
Mr. BRIGGS said he would vote for the appropriation for the
road, as a part of the great system in which Government had
been engaged for the last eight years. Mr. B. was proceeding
to remark on the relative number of Whig and Democratic
vote given on the rejection of the bill at a former session;
when _____
Mr. PETRIKTN called him to order, on the ground of irrele-
vancy .
The CHAIR decided that Mr. Bmoos was in order.
Mr. PETR1KIN appealed from that decision, and tellers being
ordered, the ayes were 68, and the noes 48: no quorum.
The committee then rose, and the fact was reported to the
House.
Mr. McKAY moved a call of the House.
On that motion Mr. CHAPMAN demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and were—yeas 9S, nays 56.
So the call was ordered.
Mr. FILLMORE said as there was now a quorum, he would
move that all further proceedings in the call be dispensed
with.
This motion was agreed to.
The House again resolved itself into committee on the hill;
and
The question then recurring on the appeal,
Mr. PETRIKIN withdrew it.
Mr. BRIGGS then resumed his remarks, and was proceeding
to speak el his vote on a former occasion, when lie was called
to order by
Mr. SMITH of Maine, who contended that the gentleman had
no right to speak ef his vote ata former session.
The CHAIR decided that Mr. Bmoos was in order, inasmuch
a s he was replying to charges made in committee by the gentle-
man from Ulinois,~[Mr. Reynolds ]
Mr. BRIGGS resumed, and further insisted on his former po-
sition, and protested against Massachusetts being included in
the general charge of having destroyed the appropriation. Mr.
B. had always voted for the road, and should continue to do so,
on general and unchangeable principles.
Mr. FILLMORE appealed to all friends of internal improve-
ments not to press the question now. If that subject was
brought up, he should be compelled to introduce amendments
to the bill for harbors and rivers. The speeches were interesting;
bnt this was not the time to press amendments of this kind.
There was no hope of such measures succeeding till the aspect
of the Administration was changed.
Mr. REYNOLDS rose to reply.
Lend cries of order echoed through every part of the Hall.
The CHAIR called to order.
Mr. R. then proceeded, and replied with some warmth in re-
pelling the charge of having misrepresented the facts m this
matter, insisting that the Whig s|ieeches had operated to defeat
the appropriation; and that it would be found, by reference to
the journal, that its death blow had been iven by the Whigs.
Mr. BRIGGS explained. The gentleman had appealed to
the journals to prove the Whigs had defeated the measure by
their votes, when the journals proved thecontrary.
Mr. REYNOLDS continued, and in his reply elicited much
merriment from the committee, insisting that the Whig speeches
defeated the measure.
Mr. BRIGGS made a brief rejoinder, again referring to the
journal, and the 63 Administration votes in the House which
defeated the bill.
Mr. EVERETT desired to state the reasons why he had
voted for the Cumberland road, and also why he had voted
against it. Sir, (said Mr. E.) when I first Came here, I was a
friend of the system of internal improvement, and voted for this
road for four or five sessions. 1 then considered it, and now
consider it, a national object. But, sir, when I found that the
system was broken down—when the Constitution was limited
to tide water; when, sir, I found the system completely pros-
trated, sofar as the country at large was interested, I voted  
against this road. I have done so for years. Since the system'
was prostrateil, the States have taken 'he subject into their
own hands; and in the situation they were now placed, and aflfer
having expended large sums, lie had no hope that a mammy
coujd hereafter be found In favorof thesystem. He considered
that the system of internal improvement had been, years mice,
effectually prostrated; and he had no expectation that it would
ever be resuscitated under any future Administration. f
The question was now put on Mr. W. C. Johnson's Amend,
ment to the amendment, (for the roa*¡ between Rock/lle and
the Monoeacy,) and decided in the- ne¡
The question was then put on Mr.
decided in the negative—ayes, 61, noes'
Mr. RICE GARLAND moved to si:
in* "for the salaries of registers and
where there are no sales, $3,500."
He contended that there was no law
of «500 per annum each for doing
•ion oi one per cent, on-alt the sales.
Mr. DOWNING said that, he had
provid-
officcs,
ng this salary
des a commis
ointod as one of
these officers, and would tell the gentleman that this appropria-
tion was required only in cases in which the proceeds from the
Kublic lands were not sufficient to enable the officer to deduct
is salary.
Mr. JONES proved that, in former appropriation bits, it had
been the invariable practice to insert this item. Mr. J. then
caused a communication from the register en the subject to be
read by the Clerk, which fully explained the conditions on
which the appropriation was requited. He also teferred to the
laws which atuhonzed the appiuprtation lor the annual salary
of these officers. After explaining this matter, and meeting the
objection of Mr. Garland, by a reference to the laws, Mr. J.
with some warmth, expressed his astonishment at the course
pursued by s>me gentlemen in delaying the passage ol the bill.
After adverting t  the many officers of Government, who were
thus unjusth kept out ot their money, he expressed his fear that
it was even now too late to save the country from disgrace.
He had been apprised that there were already several Govern-
ment drafts, which had been presented, and whicli could not be
paid until after the passage of this bill. Thus the credit,, and
honor of this Government were entirely at the mercy of a few
individuals who held these drafts. This was a most appalling
state of thine , as our credit was in danger of being destroyed,
not only at home, but the woildover.
He imploivil gentlemen to reflect on the disgrace they were
bringing upon the country by their opposition to this bill. If
it was desired by any one that humiliation and disgrace should
be brought upon the couniry, he was sorry; but for himself,
he should rejoice, if, by any effort ol his, lie could be the means
of arresting dishonor and this heavy visitation from his country.
So far as he was concerned, he was willing to sit here day and
night, if it were possible to remove the threatened evils.
After some further debate of a desultory character,
Mr. GRAVEb wished to know why the Secretary of the
Treasury had not transferred certain sums from the Missouri
Bank at St. Louis, to enable him to meet these calls.
\ Mr. JONES explained, that after the various call  on the
i bank by Government drafts should have been made, and
' which would be made shortly, but a very small sum would re-
main. Besides, he would tell the gentleman, that in case the
Secretary or any otlier officer should undertake to pay money
for which there was no appropriation by law, there was no
member in the House who would be more ready to condemn
him than (lie gentleman from Kentucky himself. Yes,
he would venture to say, that if the Secretary had done
what the gentleman now blamed him for not doing, in that case
the gentleman would have been the first to rise in his place and
denounce him. He, Mr. J was not complaining that they had
no money, but that there was no legislation to authorize the ex-
dentin ure of it. Fortunately for justice and the honor of ihe
country, there was money, but they wanted law to to authorize
the use of that money.
After some additional remarks from Mr. GRAVES in sup-
port of the motion to strikeout,
Mr. TRIPLETT followed on the same side, and wished to
knowif there was not a Senate bill then in the House, propos-
ing to amalgamate all these officers into one, or to abolish
them.   If so, why was this item brought forward?
Mr. JONES said it was true there was a Senate bill in Com-
mittee of the Whole, for the object stated; and if the bill should
pass, these officers would not be paid. But in case that bill
should not pass, then it wou Id be necessary to have the money.
It was with that view the appropriation had been included in
the bill.,
Mr. SMITH had been exceedingly amused at the discussion
upon this item of the bill. He had witnessed, with more than
ordinary satisfaction, the prompt and ready manner in which
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means had met
and triumphantly ove;thrown every objection to the appropri
ation under consideration. The case was in a nutshell. The
law required the establishment of ths offices. The President
had no discretion in that matter. The same law peremptorily
required the appointmeat of the officers, and prescribed their
salaries. It was made the duty of the President to appoint
them. Now what was the argument of the gentleman from
Kentucky? Why, that trie President ought to remove the ofli-
cers, because it appeared there wsc no dutj for them to per-
form, in order to save the amount oftheir salaries. Was it lo
be believed, that the gentleman from Kentucky was serious in
this argument! Would he claim for the Executive the power
to abolish an office established by law? Mr. 8 had heard that
gentleman and his friend complain vociferously against the
tight of the Executive to remove incumbents of office and ap-
point successors. For the exercise of this power the President
had been branded as a tyrant and a despot. And now the gerfc
tientan complains, unblushingly, that the President does re-
move officers, who act under public laws, because he thinks
their services are got needed ! This was a greater stride of
Executive power than he had expected the gentleman fiom
Kentucky, so long before the ascendency of the log cabin can-
didate, to take.
Thegenllemin from Louisiana had stalled, as an objeclion
to this appropriation, that there was no law authorizing it. The
chairman ol the committee, with his usual urbanity, had point-
ed out the law, and the gentleman from Louisiana had glided,
with great ingenuity, from that objection, and taken the ground
that the House ought to withhold appropriations in all cases
where it appeared that Ihe officer had nothing to do. Mr. S,
could hardly believe that the gentleman would be willing to
put in practice, in his own case, such a principle. Officers with
salaries fixed by tow, were entitled to them, whether they had
duties to perform or not. The fault was in the law, and not
in the officer or the power by which he was appointed. Would
the gentleman from Louisiana, who had jecently received the
appointment of judge of the highest judicial tribunal of Louisi-
ana, be willing to relinquish his salary of five thousand dollars,
if the good people of his State should choose to eschew litiga-
tion, and leave him without a case to decide? It miglit turn out
that the gentleman, in his high judicial station, would have lit-
tle or nothing to do; and, upon the principle rw bad «rvocaxea,
the Legislature of Louisiana ought to aboflsh his salary. Was
the gentleman, prepared to sushiui this dpe *?** __," r „ •„
But the gentlonwh'from Kentucky, fMr. 1*^Y™<}*i"^;
ing driven from point td point by the chairman ol the commit-
