374
inconsistency of the gentleman from North Caroli-
na, [Mr. Stanlt,] in first comparing him to a ser-
pent on the rock, then to an eagle in the air, next
to an arrow, and, last of all, he had invested him
with the agility of a cat.
Mr. DAWSON was in favor of withholding the
salaries, as in his opinion the President would be
thereby compelled to withdraw the officers. He
contended that the President had not treated the
report with proper respect in omitting to notice and
act upon the charges made against Messis. Maxcy
and Throop.
Mr. RHETT wished to know if, when an officer
was appointed by the President and Senate, and
Congress refused the appropriation, the debt was
thereby extinguished.
Mr. STANLY replied that the approptiation was
not for services rendered.
Mr. RHETT said the Constitution gave the
President power to appoint, with the consent of the
Senate. While he was kept in office, a contract
subsisted, and a debt accrued. The contract would
he vacated by impeachment only; till then, the
debt subsisted. He would not say that in an ex-
treme case an extreme remedy might not be proper;
but a vote to withhold the salary would not extin-
guish the debt.
Mr. MASON of Ohio supported the amendment, ¡
and maintained that as the report of the committee
on the negligeuce of the officers in question was j i
unanimous, it was entitled to consideration by the i j
President, who, at least, ought to have called upon j!
them to answer the charges.                                   I
Mr. TTJRNEY reminded Mr. M. that the report ¡:
of the Investigating Committee had never received I
the sanction of the House.
Mr. M. replied that the committee had reported
evidence which had been printed, and had remain-
ed before the House for more than a year uncon-
troverted. This pretented a case of prima /ocie evi-
dence on which it was proper and fit to withhold
th 8 appropriation, at least for once, till a better un-
derstanding could be had as to the facts.
Mr. McKAY admitted the report to have been
unanimous, but the Houie had nsver acted on it;
and this was made the ground of a motion, in a
different Congress, to which that report had not
been made, at once to jump to the conclusion that
twe men had been guilty of malfeasance in office,
and to withhold their salaries. It was monstrout.
If the Executive was bound to notice and act on
every report made in Congress, his condition was
very unenviable. Mr. McK. adverted to a report
of a committee against Gen. Hamilton, wh"n Se-
cretary of the Treasury, but said that Gen. Wash-
ington took no notice of it. He then referred to
the celebrated Retrenchment Committee, of which
the then President had taken as little notic. He
protested against the doctrine as an enormity.
After some remarks from Mr. ADAMS,
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky controverted the
charges of Mr. Smith against Gen. Harrison, and
thought that gentleman ought now to retract what
be l<ad said.
Mr. SMITH recapitulated his former statement
in relation to Gen. Harrison, and dented that Mr.
White had disproved a single word.
Mr. WHITE denied the truth of the charges.
Mr. SMITH reiterated them.
Mr. PETRIKIN called Mr. Smith to orden after
which, the question on the amendment being put,
Tellers   were demanded,   and the vote being
taken, resulted as follows: Ayes 44, noes 65.
No quorum having voted, the committee rose
and reported the fact to the House.
[It was now near 6 o'clock.]
Mr. ANDREWS moved a call of the House.
The vote was taken by tellers, and resulted as fol-
low*: Ayes 61, noes 73.
So the House refused to order a call.
A quorum being now present, the House return-
ed into committee.
The question recurring on allowing Mr. Smith
"of Maine to proceed in his remarks, the question
was taken, and decided in the negative—Ayes 43,
noes 74.
No quorum voting—
The question was again put, and decided in the
negative; Ayes 50, noes 93.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1     ■   -                                                                  -*•     ■ -
Mr. SMITH of Maine moved that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. STANLY said the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Pope] was entitled to the floor, having
yielded it only for explanation.
Mr. POPE commenced speaking.
Mr. SMITH made a question of order, claiming
the floor; but the Chair persisted in giving it to
Mr. Pope.
Mr. ANDREWS replied with some warmth to
the cries of "question" which were loucfly vocife-
rated. He then adverted to the action of the
people in choosing their own President, and ani-
madverted on the cours   f men who, while
they continually complimented the people on their
intelligence, spent days and weeks in discussing
the Presidential question.
The question was then put on the amend-
mendment (viz, to strike out the appropriation for
a Charge to Belgium and to Naples) and decided
in the negative—ayes 26, noes not counted.
This item for a Minister to Holland was, on mo-
tion of Mr. JONES, stricken out, it having been
inserted by mistake.
The appropriation for outfits for a Minister to
Russia and Charge to Sardinia was altered from
$18,000 to $13,500.
Mr. TRIPLETT moved to insert $12,000 for
agents to look after the tobacco interest in Eu-
rope.
The amendment was agreed to.
The appropriations for the Post Office Depart-
ment having been read—
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky inquired whether the
Post Office had an agent in Europe, and what were
his duties and compensa-ion?
Mr. JONES replied that he was sent to collect
information as to mail facilities; it was believed by
the Postmaster General that it would be important
to get this information. His salary was that he
hsd'before been in receipt of as a clerk in that
offiee.
Mr. DAVIS inquired as to the cost of this
agency 1
Mr. JONES was not able to reply exactly. The
asent received 'his salary and travelling expenses.
There were, unavoidably, many such agents em-
ployed in this country, to detect depredations on
the mail, &c.
The bill having been read through—
Mr. JONES wished a correction in the salary of
the Commissioner of Pensions, making it conform
to law.
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky offered an amendment
reducinj, pro rata, ihe salaries of all officers over
$1,000, in case the Sub-Treasury bill shall became
a law, with an exception in reference to the Pre-
sident, the Judges, and the Commissioner of Pen-
sions.
The CHAIR decided the amendment not to be
in order.
Mr. DAVIS took an appeal. The amendment
did not touch the salaries themselves, but merely
the approp. iations in this bill. The amendment
had been drawn with strict reference to the rules of
the House. He had consumed gentlemen long ex-
perienced in questions of order.
The CHAIR admitted that he had decided dif-
ferently, but the committee had repeatedly reversed
his decision.
Mr. DAVIS argued his appeal.
Mr. WICK said he had two speeches ready—
one on matters and thing in general, and another
on economy, the economy of this House, and
would offer an amendment to that of bis friend
from Kentucky. He wished it to be read for in-
formation.
IThe amendment offered by Mr. Wick proposed
to ratee the pay of members of Congress twenty-
five per cent.]
The CHAIR said the question was on the ap-
peal.
The question being put, the decision of the
Chair was sustained—yeas 109, nays 21.
Mr. JONES moved that the committee rise and
report the bill and amendments to the House;
which being carried neru. con. the committee rose
accordingly and reported the bill.
Mr. TURNEY moved the previous question,
-                         ■ ■■ i     . ■ ■                          .-----------------' —•
which was seconded, and, being put, as follows;
"Shall the main question be now put?"
Mr. R. GARLAND demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BRIGGS called for the reading of all the
amendments, and some of them were read accord-
ingly; when the reading was suspended.
The previous question was then put, viz: "Shall
the main qpe*t'on be now put?"
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and, being taken,
resulted as follows—yeas 110, nays 48:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Judson Allen, J. W. Allen, Ather-
ton, Banks, Beany, Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Brewster,
Aaron V. Brown, Burke, William O. Butler, John Campbsll,
Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, Connor,
Mark A. Cooper, Wm. R. Cooper, CranBton, Crary, Crockett,
Cross, Cushing, Dana, Davee, Edward Davies, John Davis,
Doan, Dromgoole, Earl, Eastman, Fire. Floyd, Galbraith,
Gerry, Goggin, Griffin, Gnnnell, Habersham,Hall, Hammond,
John Hastings. Hawkins, Hill of Va. Hill ot N. C. Hill<m,
Hook, Howard, Hubbard, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel
Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kille, Leadbetter,
Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McKay, Mallery,
Marchand, Medill, Samuel W. Morris, Newtiard, Osborne,
Parish, Pairis, Petrikin, Pope, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds,
Rhett, Rives, Edward Rogers, James Rogers, Samuels, Shaw,
Shepard, A. Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather,
Steenrod, Swearingen, Sweney, Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Philip F. Thomas, W. Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Til-
linehast, Turney, Vroom, D. D, Wagener, Peter J. Wagner,
Wátterson, Weller, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, and
Joseph L. Williams—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Bell, Botts, Briggs, Brockway,
Carter, Clark, Corwin, John W. Davis, Garret Davis, Dawson,
Deberry, Dennis, Dellet, Edwards, Everett, Fillmore, Rice
! Garland, Geatry, Giaham, Graves, Green, Wm S.Hastings,
i Lincoln, Marvin, Mitchell, Calvary Morris, Ogle, Palen, Promt,
Randall, Ridgway, Russell, SaltonstaM, Sergeant, Simomon,
Truman Smith, Stanly, Storrs, Stuart, Taliaferro, Toland,
Triplett, Warren, John While, Wick, Lewis Williams, and
Christopher H. Williams—4S.
The main question was then put, in ¡>uecession,
on the several amendments made in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and they were all concurred in.
The question then recurring on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for its third reading, ihe yeas and
nays were ordered, and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 145, nays 15, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Judson Allen, John W. Allen,
Atherton, Banks, Baker, Beatty, Bell, Black, Blackwell, Bou ,
Boyd, Brewster, Briggs, Brockway, A. V. Brown, Burke,
Calhoun, John Campbell, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman,
Chinn, Clark, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, Connor, Mark A.
Cooper, William R. Cooper, Cranston, Crary, Crockett, Curtis,
Cushing, Dana, Davee, John Davis, John W. Davis, Dawson,
Dennis, Dellet, Doan, Dromgoole, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine,
Floyd, Fomance, Galhraith, Gentry, Gerry, Graham, Griffin,
Grinnell, Habersham, Hall, Hammond, Hand, William S. Has-
tings, John Hastings, Hawkins, Henry, Hill of Va. Hill
of N. C. Hillen, Hook, Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard, Nathaniel
Jones, John W Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kille, Leadbetter,
Leonard, Lewis, Lincoln, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McKay,
Meredith Mallory, Albert G. Marchand, Marvin, Mason,
Medill, Miller, Mitchell, Calvary Morris, Newhard, Os-
borne, Palen, Parish, Parris, Petrikin, Prentiss, Ramsey,
Reynolds, Rhett, Rulgway, Rives, E. Rogers, J. Rogers, Rus-
sell, Saltonstall, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Simonton, Slade,
A. Sm th, J. Smith, T. Smith, Starkweathei, Steenrod, Stuart,
Swearingen, Sweney, Taliaferro, Taylor, F. Thomas, Philip
F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplett,
Turney, Vanderpoel. Vroom, David D. Wagener, Peter J.
Wagner, Watterson, Weller, Edward D White, Wick,
Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, and Christopher H.
Williams—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Carter, Garret Davis, Deberry,
Edwards, Rice Garland, Gates, Giddings, Graves, Green,
Ogle, Promt, Stanly,   John White, and Lewis William —15.
The bill was then read a third time.
The previous question was then moved, second-
ed, put, and carried on the passage of the bill, and
the bill was passed, and ordered to be sent to the
Senate for concurrence.
Mr. BRIGGS moved a resolution for meeting on
Monday at 8 o'clock, with a view to then adjourn-
ing over to Thursday, (to allow of the cleaning of
the hall, taking up carpets, etc )
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected.
Mr. BRIGGS made an explanation.
Mr. DROMGOOLE persisted in his objection.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to iuspend the rules, to en-
able him to ofi>r his proposition.
Some member moved to adjourn. The question
being put, the ayes were 66, the noes 78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question, being  then  put on suspending
the rules to enable Mr. Briggs to offer his mo-
tion,
j      Mr. TURNEY demanded the yeas and nays;
but
The House refused to order them; and the rules
were suspended—ayes 120, noes 25.
The resolution offered by Mr. Briggs was then
j moved, and the previous question theieoa was se-
