CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                          £75
——-—————-—--—■—--———                                                                                    .■     m   i       ...     i       i   w.....'     ^fsajfa—g 
ccmded, put, and carried; and the main question be-
ing on its adoption,
Mr. DROMG03LE demanded the yeas and
nays, but the House refused to order ihem. The
resolution was then carried—ayes 107, noes 23
The House ihen adjourned.
House or Representatives,
May 3, 1840.
In the Glob  of yesterday, in my remarks rela-
tive to the. Bank of North Carolina purchasing the
gold coined by the branch mint at Charlotte, m
that State, the following sentence occurs   "It was
a notorious fact, that in one single day, that bank
bought up a half million of dol ars in specie, and
pat afloat their worthless paper in its stead."   It
should have been: "Mr. M said it was a notorious
fact, that the bank did purchase up this gold when
coined by the mint, with their own paper, but of
that we the people did not complain—ihey had a
right to do so.   That was a fair business transac-
tion.   But what we the people do complain of is,
that the bank, after collecting the gold in'o their
vaults, turn the keys upon it,  lock it up from cir-
culation among the honest holders of their notes,
perhapes the very no'es they, the bank, had pur-
chased it with, and compel the people either to
sue them, or submit to a shave at some one of
those shaving shops, and that, too, very often with
a Magnum Bonnm razor, to procure funds that
will answer their purposes, and then falsely charge
the Van Buren party with these foul acts "   This
is the substance of what I said upon that subject.
I speak at times rapidly, and I do not wonder that
mistakes   like   this   happen.    You   will please
correct it, and should I write out my remarks I
will place the matter correct before the public.
Respectfally,youis,
W. MONTGOMERY.
Messrs. Blair & Rives
Messrs. Blair & Rives: In the publication last
evening, of the proceedings of the House, in Com-
mittee of the Whole, upon the appropriation bill,
some remarks made by me are erroneously applied
to an appropriation for the custom-house in New
York, which were offered in opposition to a motion
by Mr. Andrews of Kentucky, to strike out the
appropnaiion propo ed for the custom-house in
Boston. I shall be obliged by the proper correc-
tion of this mistake
Your obedient servant,
LEVI LINCOLN.
Washington, May 5, 1840.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Mav 4, 1840.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted a commu-
nication from the Governor of Michigan, trans-
mitting a copy of the third annual report of the
Geologist of that State, which was referred to the
Joint C« mrmttee on the Library.
The bill from the House making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the United
Stales for the yi-ar 1840, was read; when
Mr. WRIGHT ob-erved that he felt it his duty
to «ay that the Committee on Finance had held a
meeting this morning, and had examined this bill
Tbey proposed to make very tew amendmen s, and
these would be very simple. They would there-
fore be ready, if it was the pleasure of the Senate,
to repoit back the bill in twenty minutes
Mr. W. thtn moved to refer it to the Committee
on Finance, which motion was agreed to
Mr. DIXON presented a memorial from Burnng-
toa Anthony, Marshal of Rhode Island, praying
that the proceedings on mesne and final process ,
under authority of the United States, may be made
to conform to the laws of the several States re-
spectively; which, after Mr. CLAYTON had men-
tioned that the case was provided for in the gene-
ral bai.ktupt law now before the body, was laid on
the table.
Mr. WALL submitted certain amendments
which he propt sed to move to the substitute otfered
to the bill for a general bank upt law, when it
should be laken up tor consideiation; which w re
ordeied to be printed
Mr. NORVKLL prt seated the petition of Henry
Marsh,  which was referred to the  Committee on
Claims.
Mr N. gave notice that to-morrow he would
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Henry
Marsh
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
reported the bill making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses ot the United States, for
the year 1840, with amendments, which were read;
after which,
Mr WRIGHT moved that the bill be taken up
for consideration now.
Mr DAVIS hoped that the bill would not be
considered to-day. He had not yet had an oppor-
tunity cf examining it, and he thought that a bill
embracing such a variety of objects should not be
acted on without allowing to every Senator an op-
portunity of giving it a thorough examination.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that his anxiety to
get the action of the Senate on this bill would,
he was sure, be appreciated by the Senator from
Massachusetts The bill had only come to them
to-day, and this was a very late period of the ses-
sion for the passage of a bill on which so many
interests of the country depended. He thought,
from the disposit on of the body to adjourn oVer, if
it was not acted on to-dav, it would not probably
be acted on this week. Mr W. then adverted to
the urgency for a speedy ac ion on this bill. In
addit on to the vast number of per«ons employed
about the seat of Government, and many others
who had not received any compensation for their
services since the first of January, the courts of
justice were now sitting in several ot the States,
and in the Senator's own State particularly, and
they had no means to pay their jurors, witnesses,
&c until this bill passed The committee had,
under these circunriiancts, felt it their duty to
press its passage with all convenient speed, and
had therefore made verv few and simple amend-
ments, such as would not consume time in* the
other branch of Congress If it was the pleat
sure of the Sena'e to take up ihe bill now, it
would certainly be gratifying to the committee.
Mr. DAVIS had no intention to delay the bill
unnecessarily; but it was but a few minutes since
this voluminous bill came into the chamber, and
they were now called on to take it up and act on
it without having had time to examine it. This
was hardly reasonable, however pressing the emer-
gency of the Government might be. It was true
that the bill had undergone a variety of discussion
in the o her House, but it had not been examined
here. If the Senator frcm New York would fix
on some reasonable day for the comideratu n of
this bill, he would concur with him in taking it up
at that time. But it ought to be looked into lo see
if all the objects are provided fur that ought to
be ia it, ani if any are embraced in it that ought
not to be there It was doubtful, too, whether th«re
was a quorum present
Mr. WRIGHT said he felt it to be his duty to
persist in his motion He would be perfectly wil-
ling, if it was the pleasure of the Senate, to lay the
bill over till to-morrow, but if ihe object was to
have it printed with the amendments, by that time,
it could not be done. If the gentleman wished to
examin- the amendments of the committee, he had
only to go to the Cljrk's table, where he could be-
come acquainted with them in a few minutes, as
there weie only three cf them He did not appre-
hend that t^e amendments would create any dis-
cussion. He «as anxion> to faeilira'e the passage
of the b liso far as the Senate was concerned, and
make it the law of the land.
Mr HUBBARD said that this bill wa*m almost
precisely the «•ame words as reported by the1 Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the House, and as
printed and laid on onr tab'es a month since. It
had undergone a long and searching investigation
in ihe House, and but a few ummpoitant altera-
ti >ns had been made, and they principally in the
reduction of salaries. He hoped the bill would be
taken up and d sposed of.
Mr. NORVFLL said that the public service
bad been suffering a long time for the want of the
appropriations contained in thu bill The news-
papers showed that after an animated and protract-
ed debate of some weeks elsewhere upi.n the bill,
it had passed, with fifteen or sixteen dissentients
only. Having been subjected to a very rigid scru-
tiny by the immediate representatives of the peo-
ple, he oauld not perceive any necessity for delay-
ing its passage in this body.
Mr LUMPKIN t aid he was utterly and con-
scientiously opposed to doing business without a
quorum. He wished to ascertain if one was pre-
sent.
The CHAIR, on counting, stated that there was
not a quorum present.
Some members then coming in, the CHAIR
announced that there was a quorum present;
when
The question was taken on considering the bill
now; and being decided in the affirmative, it was
taken up and considered as in committee of the
whole.
Mr. WRIGHT explained the obj-cts of the
amendments. The first amendment was to strike
out the appropriation of $45,000, for the continua-
tion of Clarke and Force's Documentary History
of the Revolution. The object of the committee in
moving to strike out this item was not to injure the
publishers of this work, but to bring this matter to
some definite understanding. It was time, the
committee thought, foi Congress to know to what
extent this expense was to be carried. Besides,
they thought this appropriation ought not to come
in the general appropriation bill. The first thing
that called his attention to this subject was, there
having been sent to htm some of these books,
which he refused to receive. His principal object
was to separate this troublesome subject from the
general appropriation bill, to which it did not^pro-
perly belong, and to let it rest on its own merits.
Various efforts had been made by Congress to
make an arrangement with those publishers so as
to come to some definite understanding with regard
to the extent of this work; but always without suc-
cess. Mr. W. wished the Senate to take the ques-
tion on this amendment first; for if the Senate
should not think proper to adopt it, the committee
would withdraw the oiher amendments, which were
not deemed of sufficient importance to delay the
bill
Mr. DAVIS opposed the amendment. He un-
derstood that there was an existing law of Con-
gress under which this appropriation was made.
He considered the work as one of great value,
and that would hereafter be highly appreciated.
He presumed that this appropriation was for the
purpose of paying arrearages now due to the pub-
lishers, and adverted to the importance of fulfilling
the obligations of a contract. He did not see any
particular propriety in separating this object from
the general appropriation bill, and he thought that
if there was any thing due on the contract, it
ought to be provided for in this bill.
Mr. WRIGHT then entered into a history of
the contract, and the progress that had been made
in the work, stating the efforts that had been made
to put a stop to it, and the refusal of the Senate tp
receive any of the books.
Mr HUBB\RD said the time had come
when it was necessary for the Senate to re-
sist with firmness this appropriation. He well
recollected what had taken place upon this
very subject—and he could not but feel some-
what surprised at the course which had been,
pursued by the*e claimants. The Senate is now
asked to appropriate forty-five thousand dollars
to compensate Messrs. Clarke and Force for the
second volume of the Documentary History of the
American Revolution, recently published by them,
and for a third volume which is progress and pro-
bably to be published before the next session of
Congress. It has been  aid on this floor that there
is subsisting an abiding contract between the Go-
vernment and these claimants. It has been said
that that contract was entered into between them
and the late Secretary of State, Mr. Livingston—
and that in pursuance of that contract this amount
of expenditure has arisen—and that Congress
is now bound in honor and in good tailh to make
the appropriation. This, said Mr. H I deny. Is
there an abiding, and, for aught we know, a never-
endine contract? Are these claimants at liberty
to do what they please-—collect such materials a^
