376
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
may son th**' convenience—publish what shall [
best please their «as<e—and claim wha| shall best
promote th-ir interest'—and is all this to be sanc-
tioned under tnn. pretended contract? Is there no
sun-rvtiory powei? Are we to learu irom the
inspection ot the publication, for the first time,
the character of the work? Are we to be told,
when the volume shall be given to the public, that
forty-five thousand dollars is required to meet
the expense, and that all this is sanctioned bv
this pretended con i met? If this be so, well indeed
doe* that contract deserve the character which has
been given to it on former occasions, by members
of this Senate. He was now, a* he wa- at the last
(•acton, opposed 10 ihis appropriation. In his judg-
ment, it deserved to have no place in the general
b-ll of supplies. If the claimants have a subsist-
iré: contract between them and the Government,
that contract must Debased upon the act of 1833
And what does that act require? Ha\ e ihe books
reen delivered agreeably to the express provisions
ot that act? Doe  the art require the State Depart-
ment to estimate the amount of appropriation ne-
cessary to meet this expenditure? The act confers
no such authority. Why is there not evidence
here that the work has be«u examined and ap-
pruved,and found to be in strict accordance with this
alleged contract7 He was aware that this appro-
priation had been proposed in the House as an
amendment to the bill, by a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and he believed that
it was done in pursuance of a decision of that
cud mil lee. And can it be possible, if there was a
subsisting, legal, binding contract, between tne Go.
venunent and the claimants, and that ihe sum ot
forty-fire thousand dollars would te accessary at
this time for the partial, but faithful, execution of
toe terms of this contract, that Congress would not
h^re been so advised, by tame charged with the
execution of the laws?
'There is something wrong in this matter.   There
is at least some misconceptions, some misgivings,
in relation to this subject.   The claimants cannot
'- ignorant of the feeling and sentiment of the Se-
ns' .    It  has been repeatedly diseased, and the
v.cws Mid the votes of the Senate have been as re-
peatedly made known; and before toe claimants
shotald have asked a further appropriation under
this alleged contract, ihey were, in eqaay, called
upon to ask of Congress an investigáis n into this
whole business, and not to attempt to force the ap-
propriation through, agatns' the known and delibe-
rate sense of the Senate.    He would not be unwil-
ling lo render to tbem justice; but he should like to
see them ready, on their p at, to render just.ee   He
had frequently examined  the act   of March   2,
1833,   making   provision   for   the  Documentary
History of the American Revolution.   It was a
most extraordinary act of legislation. Lly the terms
of the act, it is true that ihe Secretary of State i->
authorized to contract with Matthew Sl   Clair
Clarke and Peter Force, for the pub'icauon "of a
work," entaled "The Documentary Hi tory of the
American Revolution."   It seemed to him, from
the perusal of tkii met, that "the work" bad pre-
viously been completed, and of course must have
been submitted to the examination of the Secretary
of Slate.    The work, according to his version of the
law, was to be printed io octavo or folio, as may
be agreed upon.   The expense of printing tkt work
was fixed and determined, and the disposition of tkt
work was to be made in the manner provided by
the joint resolution of the 10th of July, 1832, for
the distribution of the American  State Papers.
These are ihe material provisions of the act of
Congress, under which this contract was entered
into between Mr. Livingston and  the claimants.
Can any other  iew be taken of it than the one
taken  by   himself?     Is  it   possible   that   Con-
gress,   by   that act,   conferred   upon   the   Se-
cretary   of   State   the   power   to   make  such
a    contract   as   would   enable   the   claimants
lo .publish what   they  pleaded, and  call   n "A
Documentary  History of the Revolution?"   Is tt
possible that Congress, by that act, gave to the Se-
cretary the power to contract with these claimants ,
to pobíísh "thtwrk" when they pieased?   He  ,
utterly detiied that such was a fair exposition of
(Jbc power conferred by the act of March, 1833,
] apon the Secretary of State. He had also fre-
I quentlv examined th* contract entered into be-
tween Mr. Livingston and ihfse claimants, under
date o| the 19th ot March, 1833. The act of Con-
gress is correctly recited in that conn act, and the
contracting parties, in pursuance of the terms of
the contract, had agreed that " tht work" should be
printed in folio, and they had fixed the rate of com-
pensation at one cent and s  ven-tenths ot a cent
per p ge lor each and every page of said work.
But the material matter is, that there was no au-
thority given to have any particular number of
volumes printed, nor that each volume should con-
tain any given number of pages. No such authority
was contened by the acl upon the Secretary of
State. In truth, the terms of thai act clearly satis-
fy his mind that the extern ot " the wort" lo be
published must have been known at the time the
contract was made. It is true that the contract
contained a clause purporting to give authority to
Claike and Force ' to prepare and publish f\flnn
hundred copies ofuid Documentary History of th* Re
volution," " according to the plan laid down in this
memorial, and presented to Coogms. upon which
the act," «i is alleged, wa* passed. He contended
that thif stipulation was unauthorized by the act
itself. And u may be well lo go a little lurtherjn-
to this affair. By the terms ot the art, the volumes
were to be distributed in the same manner as was
provided for the distribution of the American State '
Papers bv th  joint resolution of ihe 10th of July, |
I£32- He had examined that resolution; and ac-
cording to its terms, the Secretary of the Senate
and th* Cl rk of the House of Representatives are
directed to distribute the compilation of documents
directed to be published by " An act making pro-
visions for a subscription to a compilation of Con- ¡
gressional documents " It will be found that that
act was passed March 2, 1831, and gave authority
to the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
subscribe for seven hundred and bf'y copies only.
The joint resolution already refened to provided
for the distribution or that number of copies, and
of that number only. By that very resolution,
after disposing of nearly two hundred copies to the
Executive branch of the Government, and to the
public library, it directs one copy to be given to
each member of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the 21st and the 22.1 Congress.
The act of March, 1?33, directs the same distri-
bution; but the contract en'ered into, as is alleged,
under that act, provides for the publication of fif-
teen hundred copi s of each volume. In his jui'g- ,
mem, this c miraet  a*, in th'S respect, an entire
depar ure from the lerms of the act of Congress.  ,
In the session of 1834, the attention of Congress
was called to this mat er. It will be found that, in
ihe geneia? appropriation bill of ihat year, the fol-
lowing provision was inserted:
"For the Documentary His'ory of the Revolu-
tion, per act ol March 2, 1833, twenty ihousaod
dollars; and it shall be the duty of the Secretar? oí
State to examine the contract entered into by Ed-
ward Livingston, late Secretory * f that Depart-
ment, with Matthew St. Clair Clarke and Peter
Force, for the collection and publication of Ihe Do-
cumentary History of the American Revolaron,
and make a special report thereon at the next ses-
sion of Congress, setting forth the nature and cha-
racter of the materials of which the work is to be
composed, and ihe progress made in the work; the
number of volumes which will be required to com-
plete it; and an estimate of the money which may
be necessary to appropriate for the fulfilment of
the contract."
The present Secretary of State made a report to
Congress, and that report is to be found among the
Executive documents of the second sesñon of the j
Twenty-third Congress. He trusted that the Senate
would well examine that report, and all subse-
quent proceedings, before they gave their assent to
an appropriation of another dollar for the execu-
tion of that alleged contract. It fo happened that
this first appropriation was carried to the surplus
fund, and that, in the appropriation bill of 1838, the
fame sum was reappropnated. But it is, he trust-
ed, within the recollection of every Senator, that
certain proceedings took place, in 1836, iu the
House of Represeniatives, with a view to the reci,
sion of this contract.
There was another piece of history in rrlaiion to
this matter, to which he must adveit. At ihe very
last session ef Congress, and almost at ihe last
hour of the session, an appropriation was inserted
to complele the payment for the first volume, which
had been published, and which provided that the
volumes should be distributed, not m strict ac-
cordance with the joint resolution of July, 1832,
but also to each member of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Twenty-third, Twenly-fouiih, and
Twenty-tilth Congresses. Here, then, is a recent
instance of legulalion of voting U>ok¡ , without
the sanction of pre-exisiing law, dueotly into ihe
hands of members themselves passing the vote.
He desired to make no comment upon this matter.
The lact was before the American people, and he
trusted they would noi fail to express their opinion
upon such acts of iheir public servants. He well
recollected how all this look place. This appro-
priation was inserted ifi the general bill of sup.
plies. The House were kind enough to make a
tender to the Senators of the books. The Senate
amended the bill by striking out the appropriation.
The House disagreed to the amendment. The Se-
nate insisted. A committee of conference was the
result; and that committee agreed on a report; and
he was satisfied that that report was accepted by
the Senate to save the bill.    It was as follows:
"For the balance due on account of the first vo-
lume of the Documentary History of the United
Sta'e , five thousaniKix hundred and iwo dollars;
and the Secretary ef Slate is hereby authorized to
deliver to the Clerk ol ihe House of Representa-
tives, three hundred and sixty-eight copies of said
work to be distributed to each ol the members of
the House of Representatives of the Twenty-third,
Twenty-fourth, andTwenty-fifih Congresses, who
are not entitled to receive the same under former
resolutions of acts of Congress."
Tnese tacts must have all been familiar to the
claimants. It is in the power of Congress to re-
fuse ihe appropriation. This they ought to do, if,
in their judgment, the contract was entered into by
inadvertence, or by mistake; or if there has been
any proceeding not warranted by the act itself,
then it will be tima for Congress, lo hear the me-
morialists and lo make indemnity. But, for one,
he was prepared to say that he should most re-
luctantly give his vote now for the bill, if it con-
tained such, an appropriation. He would not say
that he should vote agiinst it; but he hoped that
the House would coucur with the Senate in their
proposed amendment, and that some proceeding
should at once be introduced for the purpose of
settling and adjusting this controversy.
Mr. BENTON said this was a continuation of
the bookmaking business by Congress, which bad
grown up within the last eight or ten years. This was
one branch, and the most important; the others, more
insignificant, bad been stopped; but this, the most
enormous and flagrant, was continued by its own
momentum. He had heretofore classed this as
one of the greatest frauds ever perpetrated on our
Government. Taken in every way, the man-
ner in which it was got through without the know-
ledge of the most attentive members—he meant
others still more than himself—the enormity of the
sum involved—the vast bulk and little worth of the
work—and the distribution of it to the memoers
that voted for it—and it was truly an abominable
abuse. None oí us knew that such a work was
authorized by us. It passed in 1833, and it
was nearly a year afterwards before we discovered
what we had done. He (Mr. B ) found it ont from
Mr. Manguai, of North Carolina, at the next ses-
sion, who was a member of a committee who dis-
covered what had been done; and then, for the first
time, it was found out that an act had been passed
by which upwards of half a million of dollars
at the least, and possibly a million and a half, was
to be given to an officer of the House of Represen-
tatives (M. St. C. Clarke, the Clerk of the House)
and bis partner, for printing a work to be given to
those who voted that officer and his partner; the
money! As soon as found out, the abuse was re-
sisted by some members,and has been resised for
seven years, bat without effect; for while & majority
