condemn and denounce it, yet they are placed under
duress, and compelled to vote for the money and
the distribution, by putting them in the approba-
tion bills for the support of the Government, and
then making it a qaestion to lose the whole bill and
Stop the Government, or let the distribution go on.
He, for one, would vote against it, and let the Go-
Tern men t stop, if that should be the consequence,
and let the people s«e who it was that would break
up the Government before they would cease voting
books to themselves! Even if the vote of the books
«as right in itself, it would be wrong to be put into
an appropriation bill; and be would not be coerced
by finding it there.    But the whole practice was
wrong in itself, and was becoming an enormous
abuse__enormous for the amount of money—enor-
mous for the principle—enormons for the frightful
progress which it made—enormous for the conse-
quences it might lead to.   Every session we have
had jobs and distributions.    A multitude of works
hare been printed and distributed.    Tbey multi-
ply every session.    "We  vote the money  to the
jobber—the jobber gives  th* books   to  us, and
many of us sell the books, instanter.   Twenty thou-
sand—forty thousand—sixty   thousand  dollars-
ate a common vote, and done with a rapidity which
defies all description, and in a way to escape the
notice of the most attentive members.   But this is
« case, not of twenty—or forty—or sixty thousand
dollars, but of one or two millions! It is absolutely
a case of millions, and may be as many as the job-
bers choose to make it.     It is without limits or
boundaries; it is to print whatever  the jobbers
choose to print—for there is no earthly control
over them—under the name of Documentary His-
tory of the Revolution.     Already they inform us
that the private and public libraries of America and
Europe are to be explored to find either manuscript
or printed matter to be published, and thsy are at
liberty to publish all that they can find.   The first
computation supposed it might amount to a million
and a half of dollars; then the undertakers, when
the enormity of that sum startled every body, pro-
posed to put a limit on themselves by limiting the
number of volumes.     They proposed to limit the
volumes to twenty, and left the number of pase*
unlimited, though estimated for at 800 pages. The
pay was by the page—so much the page—and at
this rate it would come to $20,400 a volume; and
twenty  volumes  would make #408.000.     This
seemed to impose a limit, but it was all an illusion !
The number of pages, were unlimited, and instead of
800, the first volume—the only one printed—con-
tains above 1,000 pages ! and instead of $2<J,400,
the estimated, the actual price is $^6,000! and by
doubling the pages, the next one may be $52,000.
This bill is to pay a balance, a balance due for the
first volume; and this balance is $5,600! the esti-
mated price of $20,400 having been previously
paid.   At this rate the twenty volumes will cost
$520,000; but there is ndhng to  limit it to that
amount; the publishers can print what they please,
as many volumes as they please, and as many
pages as they please in each volume; and being
paid by the page, the bulk of the work, and the
amount of the pnce, is absolutely without lima!
It is also without limit as to time !   It may last for
centuries, and through generations; and the fa mi-
lie  of Mr. Clarke and Mr. Force may be pen-
atoned on the Federal Government through succes-
sive ages.   It is a personal contract with Messrs.
Clarke and Force; it will descend to their repre-
sentatives; it has taken six years to make one
volume; and twenty volumes, even if limited to
that, would require, at the same rate, one hundred
and twenty years to complete the work. So slo.v is
the forthcoming work, that we have been told on
this floor—told by Mr. Kino of Georgia, who
began the good work of opposing this business—
that he was well informed, that a member had sold
his interest in the whole Documentary  History,
for which we pay a million or so, for ten dollars in
band.
Mr. B. then took the ground that the whole con-
tract ought to beset aside, for fraud: first, in the
manner of getting it through Congress in a way to
prevent all knowledge of the magnitude of the
work, and that by an officer of the House; next,
for want of moral or constitutional power in the
ÓOÑGRESSIONAL GLOÉÉ.
Congress to vote themselves such presents; third,
for the manner in which the price was fixed, and
fixed nearly twice too much—as he proved, by read-
ing answers, to inquiries from the most eminent
booksellers of Philadelphia and other cities, ad-
dressed to them by a committee of the House of
Representatives after -the discovery of the extent of
the job given to Messrs. Clarke and Force. He
read fiom the report to show that Messrs. Clarke
and Force virtually fixed the price themselves by
putting it into the face of the law, that they were
to have at the same rate that Messrs. Blair and
Rives were paid for a certain work, the price of Í
which was fixed by Mr. Force, who was seleet-d S
by Mr. Clarke and , Mr." Lowry for that purpose;
Clarke and Force's bill depending in Congress, ;
while Mr. Force, as a referee, was fixing the price
of work which was to govern his own.                     ¡
Mr. B. finished with declaring that this book
printing and book distributing business had become
an enormous abuse; that the attention of the coun-
try ought to be roused up to it; and if the bill
for the support of  the Government was lost, it
would rouse   the country, and, in the end, save
millions.   He had been resisting this business for
several years without any effect; but he should go
on opposing it,  opposing all these jobs, great and
small.   He had to encounter friends and foes, and
to draw on himself  censure and opposi'ion.   He
regretted this, but he could not h*lp it.  The abuse
mast be stopped, and he bad taken a fixed and in-
exorable resolution to try and stop it.   He had put
on his iron nerves, a d should yield to neither
friends nor foes.    As for the remark that we may
hazard the loss of the bill by striking out this ap-
propriation, he coDs'dered it idle.   Show me ihe
man, said Mr. B. who is willing to stop this Go-
I   vernment for the purpose of protecting this abomi-
|   nable fraud—for the purpose of voting to them-
!   selves books to be paid for by the people.   We had
Í   been scared at trifles: it would not be attempted—
j    it dared not be done; but he was ready to put his
!   name opposite to that of any man who was willing
to do it.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to—yeas 20, nays 8, as follows: ¡
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, i
Brown, Calhoun, Cuthbert, Hubbard, King, Lump-
kin, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Pierre, Robinson,
Sevier, Sinrgeon, Tappan, Wall, Williams, and
Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Clayton, Davis, Dixon, Knight,
Prentiss, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, and Tall-
madge—8.
The other amendments were agreed to, ordered
to be engrossed, aad the bill ordered to a third
reading.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the resolution for
printing th« laws relating to naturalization was ta-
ken up, considered, and agreed to.
M. NORVELL observed that the Senate was at
this time very thin, and would not probably be as
full as usual this week. He desired, therefore, to
give notice, as ihe subject was an important one,
that he should, with the permission of the Senate,
call up for consideration the resolution which he
had submitted two or three days ago in relation to
the imprisonment of William Lyon Mackenzie.
Mr. DAVIS, from theCommittee onComm rce,
introduced a bill making further provision to pre-
vent the abuse of the flag of the United Stales, and
the usa of unauihorized papers in the foreign
slave trade, and for other purposes.
Mr. D. alluded to the necessity that existed for
, an early action on the bill, and gave notice that he
would call call it up on to-morrow week.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the report submit-
ted by him from the Committee on Commerce in
the case of Wm, Jones, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, and with the
unanimous consent of the Senate, the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year 1840, was then or-
dered to be read a third time.
A motion being  made that the bill should be
read a third time by i's title, and bo objection being
made, it was done accordingly.
The yeas and nays on the passage of the bill be-
&ft
ing ordered, the vote was taken and resulted as fol-
ie ws:                                                           "■
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Andersin, JbBton,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clayton, Cuthbert,
Hubbard, King, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas,
Norvell, Pierce, Prentiss, Robinson, Sevier, Smith
of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Wall,
Williams, and Wright—25.
No quorum having voted, the CHAIR an-
nounced the fact to the Senate.
Mr. SEVIER said there were a number of Sena-
tors present who had not voted; and he moved that
the rules of the Senate, which required Senators
who were present to vote, should be enforced. The
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Knight] had not
voted.
Mr. KNIGHT said he knew nothing of the con-
tents of the bill on which he was called to vote.
It had not been read to the Senate, and he had not
heard a word of it.
Mr. SEVJER said the question had been dis-
tinctly put to the Senate, whether the bill should be
read by its title, and no Senator had objected to
that course being taken. The Senator, therefore,
by his silence, had given h's consent. It was, how-
ever, in his power to make himself acquainted with
the contents of the bill, by calling for the reading
of it at any time.
The bill was then read, and the names of Messrs.
KNIGHT and DIXON being called, they voted
in the affirmative, and the bill was accordingly
passed by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clayton, Cuthbert,
Dixon, Hubbard, King, Knight, Lumpkin, Mouton,
Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Prentiss, Robinson, Se-
vier, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tallmadge,
Tappan, Wall, Williams, and Wright—27.
NAYS—None.
Mr. HUBBARD submitted the following joint
resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Slates of America in Congress assem-
bled, That a joint commiitee be appointed for the
purpose of ascertaining and examining into the
facts having relation to the claim of Messrs. Clarke
and Force for compiling and publishing two vo-
lumes of the Documentary History of the Revolu-
tion of the United States, under a contiact (as they
allege) entered into between them and Edward Li-
vingston, late Secretary of State, with a view of
putting an end to the further publication of said
work at the expense of the United States; and that
said committed be instructed to ascertain from said
Clarke and Force, ant from other sources, what
sums shall be paid to indemnify them for what they
have already published, under the alleged contract,
and what further sum should be paid to them for
any actual expense incurred in collecting materials,
under said alleged contract; and that said commit-
tee be authorized to send for persons and papers,
and that they report the facts and the gross amount
to both Houses of Congi ess -with as little delay as
practicable.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to amend the resolution,
by adding the words, "if any thing should be found
legally due."
Mr. KING hoped that his friend from Ohio
would not press his amendment. He, as every
j Senator was. aware, was utterly opposed to tht*
j .contract from the beginning; he had refused to re-
ceive the volumes which had been seat to him; blit-
he was willing to give the gentlemen concerned
in it, not only what they had actually paid
out, but to give them a fair compensation for
collecting information in relation to the Revolu-
tionary history of the country from Europe and
elsewhere. He hoped the resolution would Hike
the widest range, and that a liberal compensa-
tion would be made to the publishers for any ex-
pense or labor they had already incurred. He
should vote for the resolution in its present shape,
but he very much doubted if it would do any
good if the opinio  was expressed that there was
no legal obligation on Congress to make any fur-
ther payments.
Mr. TAPPAN said if there was no legal obliga-
tion on Congress, he should not vote for paying
any thing.   The work commenced in a fiaud, and.
