CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono........„1st Sbss._
TUESDAY, MAY 19, 1840.
Volume 8...........No. 25.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
EaaATA-Sev ,.,!(,.i-x«m Hocrm     No 23, pa?" 3ü0
of the Cmgrcsaui.... Glo'w    T .  word*. "Mr. Albsrt Sm .ra
said he under**  I he ceuil nnn irom North Carolina t<  infer
that this Mi. Wasiiiig.. !   « '•>" m ",e s*00'?13 c0 mnn> «evemh
line, ebou'd have beeu p'aced in me tir*t coluiin, thirty nirJ
UdV after tie word  Ji coveie l."s> as to i;m1, "Mi  Within?-
ton was a clerk in ih- 1-a.id O hoe." &c      Li the hrst column, ¡
■eienty-nmihi'ne,iiiMr Rami's remark, alter the words   ,
"There were also charges  u.umited agimst a  high  and (
worthy," fie woids, "offi-tr of the Treasuiy," &c which wer^
misplaced in the ninth l.ieofthe second column, should have
been inserted down to t le wor '3 "Vice Presidencv^________
Continiud from A«. 24.
gress, or fature 1 nutations. He then read Mr.
Livingston's opinion of the great advantages of the
work to the presan  generation and to posterity. It
would afford t'ie means to prevent them from
losing sight of the cause trum w'iich the Govern-
ment or.ginated, and the principles on which it is
fouaded.
Mr. E. considered this work of more importance
than any wurk published in the-English language.
It would Maud as a permanent memorial of the
past. Hema ntamed that the distribution of the¡>e
books to members, to be carried into every Con-
gressional district in tae country, was the*best
mode to depose of them. He regared the work of
incalculable value, and prized it highh; and ihe
more that was gathered ot the memorials of the
past the better-, aud hoped if materials of tae pro-
per kind would justify, that the work w\ u'd oe ex-
tended to forty volumes. The price of the
work (twenty volumes) he maintained, would
not cost more than $408,000 in>tead of
a million as stated by the gentleman from New
Hampshire. All who received the work should
ba proud of it. He rejoiced that he had lent his
aid for its publicaron, and h >ped that srms' other
work would je* be started to preserve more of the
memorials of the pist. If fie appropria ion was
not made in this bill, he could see no other mode
in which the subject could be reached. It was noth-
ing more than common honesty that they should
piy the contractors for the books delivered. He
concluded by saying that the work was an honor
to the country, to Congress, to the Secretary of
State, and to the contracors themselves; and he
rejoiced in lending his efforts to its continuance and
completion.
Mr. SALT0N3TALL followed on the same
side, insisiug on the sacred obi ga'ion of an ac-
knowledged contact, and the duty of the Govern-
ment to comply with it, and duelling on the pecu-
liar advantage of this Republic over other nations,
in its being able thus to secure the original monu-
ments of its history. He went into an enumeration
of the subjects to be embraced in the work, insist-
ing on its great valae, and the impossibility of its
publication unless under Governmental patronage.
Mr. PETRIKIN expressed his wi'lingne's to ia-
wstigate the mvier at another time, and on a pro-
per occasion, but could not consent to have 'he ap-
propriation bill delayed by a debate ®n this amend-
ment, and thereb/Mop the wheels of Government.
He therefore moved the previous qaesatn on the
motion to concur.
Mr. HUBBARD moved aca'l of the House.
Mr. BARNARD moved to adjourn, on which
motion Mr. PETUIKIN demanJed the >eas aud
nais.
The morion to adjourn was then withdrawn.
Tne question then rtcumng on the motion for a
eall of the House, the yeas and nays were ordered,
and being tiken, were—yeas 50, nays 50. The
Chair voted 1D the affi mative. St the call was
ordered; and, after another ineffec'ual motion to
adjourn, was r-roeeedelm until 132 members an
&wered to tVtr names.
. On m.jtioii of Mr. L. BOYD, all further proceed-
ing m the call were snspeided.
Tne que-.no i thea recurring on Mr. Petwkin's
call for the pr>viomqnesuon, it was then seconded,
and the main qu^tion orJeied to be put.
And on the mam question, " Shall the amend-.
ment of tae Senate be concurred xuV' Mr. PROF-
FIT demanded the yeas an I nays, which were or-
dered, and were—yeas 73, najs 48, as follow*:
YEAS—Messrs. H J Anderson, Atherton, Beany, Beirne,
Bla k, Blackwe1!, Boyd, Brewstei, Aaron V. Hrown, Albert
G Briwn, Burke, Carr, Clifford, Cotes, 51. A. Co per, W It.
Cooper, Crahb, Dana, Davee. John Davis, Jehn \V. Davis.
Deberry, Doan, Diomgoole. Ear', Eastman, Elv. Fine, Floyd,
Fornanee, Galbiaith, Griffin, Hammond, Hawkins, Hill of
N C , Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard, .Jameson, Cive Johnson,
Keim, Leadbetttr, Leonard, I<ewis, Lowell, McClellan, McKay,
Maltory, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Samuel W Morris, Par-
menter, Farm, PctrikiOj Ramsey, Rhett, Edward Rogers,
Shaw, Albert Smith, John Smith, Starkweather, Taylor
Francis T lomas, Philip F. Thomai, Jacob Thomi son, van-
drrpoel, Vroom. David D Waeener, Weller, Ji'ed W. Wil-
liams, Henry Williams, and Lewis Williams—75
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Barnard. Bond,
Bri-rss, Brockway, Anson Brown, Calhoun, Carter, Curtis,
Cns'iing, Dawson, Dennis E\ans, Everett, Fdlmore, Gid 'ings,
Gogjin, Granger, Habersham. William 3. Hastings, floury,
Hoitman, Hunt", Wm Co-st Johnson Lincoln, Marvin Mttrhell,
Monroe, Morgan, Ogle, Osborne, Proffit, Randall, Randolph,
Ravner, Rus'iell, Baltonsull, Simonton, Waddy Thompson,
Tillmghast, Toland, Underwood, Warren, Edward D. White,
Johú VV hite, Joseph L. Williams, and Wise—45.
So the amendment was concurred m.
Mr. HUBBARD moved a call of the House.
Mr PETRIKIN demanded tb.3 yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. BARNARD moved to adjourn; but the
House refused the motion.
The question was then put on calling the House,
and deeided as follows—yeas 50, nays 50.
There b^ing a tie,
The CHAIR voted in the affirmative; so a call
was ordered. The House was then called. 109
gentlemen responded to their na nes; the absentees
were called; 132 then answered; and the doors of
the House being closed,  the call proceeded.
Mr. BOYD moved to suspend the call, and the
motion prevailed. So ths doors were opened, and
the call suspended.
Ths ques'ion recurrñg on Mr. Petrikin's cill
for the previous question, i* was seconded, put,
and earned; and the main question being on con-
curring with the Senate in their proposed amend-
ment of the appropriation bill, (striking out the ap-
propriation for C'arke and Force's Documentary
H story of (he United States,) it was deeided by
yeas and nays as follows: yeas 73, nays 48.
So the House concurred in the Senate'* amend-
ment, and this important and much desired b 11
now waits only for the President's signature to be-
come a law.
Mr. W. C03T JOHNSON presented a request
of the Convention on National Education, now
met in th s city, for the use of the hall on Saturday
evenin  next; which was granted.
The bill *o prevent frauds in the collection of the
revnue was made the special order for to-morrow.
The House then adjourned.
LN SENATE,
Friday, May 8, 1840.
The CHAIR submitted a memorial from citi-
zens of New York, praying ior the releare from
imprisonment of W. L. Mackenzie; wh ch w?s or-
dered to be transmitted to the President of the
Unned  S'ate.
Mr. WlL-LfAMS, from the Committee on Na-
vil Affairs, repo.ted a bi 1 for the relef of Enoch
Hidden; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. HÜBB \RD, from the Committee on Claims,
ti wh ch was referred Home bill for the relief of
Ebenezer A. Lester, recommended its indefinite
postponement; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. H. also from the same committee, to which
was referred H >use bill for the relief of Ebenezer
Lobdell, made a favorable report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. H. from the same committee, asked to be
discharged from th  further considera ion of the
peti ion of Ebenezer Lilley; which was agreed to.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Couiinittee on Pensions,
to which w^errierred
The petition of James Vanoste  and
The petition of Lewis H. Harper;
made unfavorable reports ihereon; which were or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the report of the
Secretary of War in relation to a general system
of national defence, reported it back to Ihe Senate,
with a recommendation that it be printed; which
was agreed to.
Mr. B. from the same committee, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
resolution insiractina; them to inquire into the pro-
priety of dispensing with the annual appropriation
for defraying the expenses of the Board of Visiters
to West Point Military Academy; which was
agreed to.
Mr. PKESTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be mstruc'ed to inquire into the expediency
of authorizing experiments to be made upon the
application oí s'eam vessels to harbor defence.
The Senate then adjournsd till Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENT VTTVES.
Friday, May 8, 1840.
Almost immediately alter the reading cf the journal, the
House, on motion of Mr. ADAMS, went again into Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Bell hi the chair,) on the bill "to ensure ¿he
more faithful execution of the laws lelam.g to the collection ol
du'ies on imports."
And the question being on a motion of Mr Rhett of South
Carolina, to strike out the enacting clause of the bill—
Mr. ADAMS resisted that motion, and contended that if there
were d'feGts in the bill, they ought to be amended, but that
the bill itself, being for an impoitant and a legitimate object
ought not to be destroyed. He noticed, incidentally, some of
Mr Rhett's general objections; reserving those which ap-
plied to paiticular scetions of the bill, until those sections
should be reached in the regular course of the discussion.
Mr A. then proposed that before taking any question on the
motion of Mr Uhstt, which went to destroy the bill, it should
be rcaJ by sections for amendment.   •
Mr. D\VISof Indiana inquired whether the hill had been
reported with the unanimous consent of the Commute on Ma-
nufactures.
Mr ADAMS replied that no objections has been made In
committee; though, of course, the members of the committee
miaht, possibly, have different views as to some of its de-
tails.
Mr. PAVIS ef Indiana wished to ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether the bill, in its present shape, had been
reported by the unanimous consent of the committee.
Mr. ADAMS replied that the bill had, after being drawn up
with the assistance of the United States District Attorney and
Collector of New York, been reported without opposition from
any member of the committee; he presumed, however,
with the understanding that each member of the committee
would i.eat liberty to offer such amendments to the bill as he
might deem proper.
Mr. DAVIS said his object in asking the question was to
ascertain if certain defers existed in the bill which were al-
leged to exist by the editor of the New York Express. Firm
the article in that paper, it would appear that ihe bill gave the
Collertorof New York unlimited power, and rendered anlirr-
porter who should refuse to answer any question, of whatever
nature, liable to the payment of afine, or the forfeiture of
his goods.
vu a a view of illustrating his meaning, Mr, D. read the fol-
lowing extract from the New York Express:
'IMPORTANT TO IMPORTERS,
"A bill has been reported to the House of Representatives at
Washington, entiled a "Bill to ensure the more faithful exe-
cution of the laics relating to the collection of duties or im-
posts The title is decidedly a misnomer. It should read, as
an act to clothe the Collector of the portof New York with
unlimited power over the merchants. Abriel abstract of the
provisions of the bill wilt show the justice of this opinion
"If the collector asks a voter where he was at the last elec-
tion, or how he intends to vote at the next election, or any
oth r question, and lie declines answering, his goods are for-
feited.
"But this section enacts further, tint if thp appraisement shall
b* fifteen per cent, above the invoice, it shall be prima facie
evidence (only ') of fiaud. The reason of tins absurdly ridicu-
lous section is t > be accounted for in Mr. Woodbary's wish to
blind the p iblic
"Section 10. Would seem to be borrowed from Mr. Wright's'
'bill to keep the keopei.' It mak's it highly penal for any
C H. officer to be corrupt," &c. "
Section 14. That the SPOILS shall be distributed as usual
to the collector, &c "
Hi; object in rising was to ask the gentleman flora Massachu-
setts whether these delects d'd really exist.
Mr. ADAMS said he had not seen the number of the Ex-
pre*s which contained the article in question; but he bad read
several New York papers in which were articles of a similar
character. All he had to say was that these Yorkshire traders
und. i-stood very we'l how to fin the newspapers with denuncia-
t.ons against laws which were calculated to detect their frauds.
That system was understood perfectly well by these deiraud-
ers of our revenue. Such was no more than was to i>e expect-
ed from such men, who scruple at no mean* whatever iogam
their enJs; and it was no wonder that **y should fill the news-
paper* with invective against the <- stonV*,.°"^ ha would * v
But, in reply to| the gentleman from Indiana, he would «ay
