S86
that the object of this bill was to diminish the profits of the
collector, and, eo far from increasing the "spoils," as was al-
leged, the operation of the bill would oe to reduce the fees and
emoluments of tfiecoliector. by preventing the frauds from
which tin«w rWJiniiietita arose.
Mr. ADAMS said that the New Y >rk papers abounded wi'h
similar articles, and also wiih some on ihe other side. It was
easy to understand that those interested in the evils to be cor-
rected by the bill could find ways and means of filling the pa-
pers with articles intended to create a prejudice asainst it.
Mr. SERGEANT next rose and recapitulated the entire
course of previous legislation with a view to enforc the collec-
tion ol duties, and made an argument to show that the bill ought
not be destroyed, but perfected, as some further provision to ef- |
feet iis purpose was greatly needed. He adm.tted, however,
that the best of all provisions would be to appoint competent
and fiitbful officers !• execute the revenue laws.
Mr. TILLINGIIAST replied to the inquiry of Mr. Davis,
stating that the members ol the Committee on Manufactures
had all concurred in the principles of the bill, though thl^ did
not all perfectly agree as to some of its details. He added a
few words in reply to Mr. Rhbtt's objections to the bill.
Mr. RHETT responded, and Mr. TILLINGHAST lejoined
and further explained.
Mr. RHETT then went into some general remarks in favor
of free trade and a low tariff. He argued that a system of direct
taxation would be the most just mode of taxing the people; it
would afford them the means of knowing-how much money
they paid to the support of the Government, ami would prevent
profligacy and extravagance in the expenditures ol Govern-
ment. He contended that that mode would be the only sure
preventive against frauds; and on the other hand, that the higher
the taring the greater was the inducement to commit frauds; in
fact, that the indirect mode of taxation by tariff was productive
of many evils, and had a peculiar tendency to engender immo-
rality. He concluded by withdrawing his motion to strike out
the enacting clause of the bill, and in lieu thereof moved that
the committee rise and report the bill to the House, with the un-
derstanding that it should then be recommitted to the Committee
on Manufactures, to be by them remodelled.
Mr. SERGEANT, although not approving every feature in
the bill.lupposed ths motion, thinking it better now to discuss
any amendments which should be proposed.
Mr. ADAMS also opposed the motion to rise. ICthe com-
mittee were to remodel the bill, let them first hear all the ob-
jections to it. As to those advanced by the gentleman from
South Carolina, if there were none more formidah/e, he should
not think of making any alteration in the bill.
Mr. RHETT then put his motion in this form: Thit the com-
mittee rise with a view to a motion that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged from the funher
consideration of the bill, and that it be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
Mr. ADAMS expressed an earnest hope that the motion
would not be agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion to rise, and the
rote stood—ayes21, noes O.
So the committee refused to rise, but no quorum voted.
And the committee then rose, and the chairman reported to
the House that the committee found itself without a quorum.
Mr. ADAMS moved a call of the House, which motion hav
ing prevailed,
The CLERK called the roll, and ninety members answered
to their names.
And the names of the absentees having been called over,
107 members appeared to be present. The doors of the hall
were then closed. Several ercuses were received. After
which a quorum being presen', all further proceedings on the
call were, on motion of Mr. ADAMS, suspended.
And the House again went into committee, and proceeded,
section by section, to the consideration of the bill.
A number of amendments, none of them eliciting any discus-
sion beyond mere ex planations, except as hereinafter mentioned,
were proposed and agreed to; but as it is impossible for them to
be understood without inserting the provisions of the bill itself,
they are reserved fo a future occasion.
A motion was made by Mr. Rhett to strike out the 7th sec-
tion; which motion was negatived.
Mr. CURT18 moved to strike from the 9th section the words
which provide for the exemption of the United States from any
stipulation as to coats.
This amendment gave rise to same debate, and the question
was not taken when, on motion of Mr. HABERSHAM, the com-
mittee rose and reported progress.
Mr. ADAMS moved to make (be bill the special order for to-
morrow; on which motion no quorum voted.
Whereupon, the House adjourned.
[The debate on the above bill was of an interesting character,
and of such a nature that nothing less than a full report would
do justice to the gentlemen who participated in it. A full report
will be given hereafter.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday. May 9, IS40.
On leave given, Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky presented a
memorial, which Was appropriately referred.
EXECUTION OF THE REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. ADAMS asked that the House would, by general consent,
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of resuming the consideration of the bill
" to easure the more faithful execution of the laws relating to
the collection of duties on imports."
. Mr. HABER8HAM said that when he moved that the com-
mittee rise last evening, he had stated that ha d d so because
he considered that the bill involved principles which required
the serious consideration and reflection of the committee and of
the House.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that debate was not
in order.
Mr. HABERSHAM said he was not going into a debate.
The SPEAKER inquired whether the gentleman objected to
the proposition of Mr. Adams!
Mr.il. said he did.
Mr. ADAMS thereupon moved a suspension of the rule; on
which motion the yeas having been announced as 69—
Mr/ HABERSHAM said that, as it appeared to be the sense
of the House that the bill should be taken up, he would with-
draw his objection.
The House then resolved itself into Committee of the Whole,
{Mr. B$u, in tjje (hair,) and resumed the consideration of tu
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I  bill to ensure tlie more faithful execution of the laws íeUllng t°
the collection of duties on imports.
!      The question pending when the committee rose on yesterday,
!   was on the motion of Mr. Curtis to stiilre from the8.h section
I   of the nill die words in sa.-l section in tubes.
Sec 8 And be it further enacted. Tliat in all ca«es when
a commission shall busued out on the part of any claimant to
goods seized by any officer of the revenue, to take the testimony
of witnesses living in a foreign country,it shall be lawful for the
District Attorney ot the United States, when such proceedings
are had in behalf of ihe United States, to nominate one commis-
sioner to execute said com mis-ion, without being compelled to
gire or enter into any stipulation in reference to the coats
thereof, any rule or otder of tiny court to the contrary not-
withstanding,
iThe effect of this amendment would be to make the United
States liable for costs of the commission to take testimony
that might he sued out on the part of any claimant to goods
seized.]
The question was taken on the motion to strike out, and it
was rejected. ^^
Mr. EVERETT moved to amend the 8th section, by adding
the wordsin italics in the clause below, viz:
"And if, in the execution of such commission, it shall appear
that any witnesses, cal'ed to testify before such commissioners
on the part of said claimant or claimants, on his examination
under such commission, shall have refused icithout just cause
I   to produce any books, accounts, or paper writings, called for
on the part of the United States, the testimony of such witness
or witnesses shall not be read on the trial of the cause of such
seizure."
Mr. PETRIKIN wished to know who was to be the judge of
1    what was a i ust cause.
I      Mr. EVERETT explained; after which the question being
taken-on the amendment, it was agreed to.
1      Mr. EVERETT moved further to amend the 8th section by
inserting the words, "papers which shall be called for on the
part of the United States."
Messrs. ADAMS, T1LL1NGTIAST, CLIFFORD, and FILL-
MORE were of opinion that the former amendment just agreed
to, superseded the necessity of the latter.
The question then hem  taken, the amendment was rejected.
And the 9th section of the bill having been then read in th^  ,
words following, to wit:
"Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That whenever a suit '
shall be tried in any court in the United States in which is
involved any question ofduties on importations of goods, wares,
or merchandise, no peison having an interest in such question
shall he competent as a witness on such trial, unless called to
i   testify by the adverse party."
)      Which said section t he Com mittce on Mami factures had here-
I    tofore moved to amend by striking out all after ihe word "en-  !
1    acted," and inserting the following:
I "That whenever a suit against any collector or other officer
of the customs for the seizure of goods, wares, or merchandise
unlawfully imported into the United States, or forfeited for the
unlawful entry of the same, shall be ivied by any court of the
United States, in which suit is involved any question of duties
on 'importations of goods, wares, or merchandise, no person
having the same interest with that of the party to the suit in
the question at issue shall be competent asa witnesson such
trial, unles called to testify by the adverse party."
Mr. ADAMS explainej that the object of the amendment was
to prohibit, in future, the practice of one importer or under-
writer being permitted to testify on the trial of another. Mr.
A. said it was usual for perhaps ten or twelve importers to be
sued at once, and yet such was the present practice, that each
one was allowed to testify in the case of the other. He cited
various legal auth tities that this course was in direct violation
of the common law.
Mr. A. said that this section had been altered from that pro-
posed in the draft by the Collector of the Customs of New
York and the District Attorney there. It limited the variation
from the law of evidence as practised by the courts, very much
beyond the proposition contained in the official bill This was
one of the features of the bill to which the gentleman from South
j |   Carolina [Mr. Rhett] had taken exception the other day; and
I    it was also one to which he (Mr. A.) had anticipated there might
'    be much objection, inasmuch as it bad some tendency to limit
the competency of witnesses on the part of the parties charged.
i i   He would ask, in the first place, that the explanations of the
! j   collector in relation u> this section might be read.
ji Mr. HOFFMAN had no doubt that the Government wasde-
frauded out of millions of íevenue by foreign importers He
argued that however'anxious h« was that the Government
j I should be protected against frauds committed by this outward
I  enemy, he did not consider that that enemy was eo powerful
J   that they should do away with the principles of the common
II    law to detect and overthrow it. He knew that it was to the iote-
'    restof the honest importer that a bill in some shape should be
passed; but he contended that, by the section under considera-
tion in its present shape, the honest man would be sdcrificed to
detert the dishonest. It treated all as if they were dishonest,
which he considered was wrong in principle. The powers
given m this sec ion to the collector subverted in fact the trial
by jury. He wished that collector to be armed with ample
power to punish dishonest importers, but was opposed to sub-
verting the principles of the common law, and do injustice
thereby to the innocent for the purpose of detecting and pu-
nish ing the guilty.
Mr. PETRIKIN said it might be thought by some, because
he did not come from a district in which there was a seaport-,
that he should take no part in the discussion on the bill, but he
thought it the duty of Uepresenta'ives from all parts of the
country to make an effort to protect the revenues. This section of
all others was the more necessary, and with which he was satis-
|    fied.   He thought that it was high time  (hit Congress should
i    legislate en thissuWect, to preventand put a stop to innovation
by the judges and the courts on the rights of the Government
and the citizen, by giving wrong construction to the laws. Spe-
culation has become now so universal as even to corrupt the
courts and the judges.   Lawyers seemed to be startled at this I
suggestion.   They need not be, for judges are, like other men,  j
liable to be operated upon by the same causes which influence j
the actions of other men.   The judees of the United States
Court are  irresponsible.     They   hav    changed  the   law i
by their decisions to such an extent that it is impossible to !
tell what the law is.   You may say to-day what it is, but it is
impossible to say what it will be tomorrow, ot a month hence.
The common law is one thing to-day, but to-morrow it will be
another.    If n«  understood common law, it   was  just
and universal in its operation—the same in one section
of the country as in the other. But was it sol
No. The courts give one decision in New Voi k, and the courts
in Philadelphia givy another and entirely different oiie, under
the same law. It was then high time to decide what was to be
the law of evidence. It was high time that the taxpayers—men
not living in the cities—men in every part of the country-
should come forward, anil pass such acts as would effectually
guard the revenues of the country, and protect the honest mer-
chant and the manufacturer against the gross injustice done
them, through fraud on the tevetiiie, by t'iese foreign importers.
We are told that the bill would do injustice to innocent men He
denied it. There was no man who was not, in a ¡rre.ner or less
degree, influenced by his own interests. Merchants and judges
are no better than other men. Tiiey are all liable to be swerved
from the strict rules of morality, when their interests at stake
are large, and when the inducements to frauds are great. He
hoped the lawyers here from New York and elsewhere woulá
not be so touchy. He looked upon the bill as carrying out the
good maxim of equal and exact juatics to all. He hoped the
secion of the bill would be passed—it was of all others the
most important, anil without it the bill would be of no effect;
fraud could be committed with impunity.
Mr. RHETT was opposed to the amendment. He said that
on the same principle a son might b- prohibited fiom giving
evidence in favor of his father, and rice versa; hence both were
interested by the ties of nature. He contended that the amend-
ment, if adopted, would be a violation of the Constitution, and
the first principles of common law, and that if the principle was
sacrificed in one instance, it might be done in all others. Per-
haps gentlemen would like the collectoi to have arbitrary
power, and dispense with the trial bv jury altogether. But so
long as there was trial by jury, the Government must bow to
the majesty of the people. The moie the Government could
be checked, the better it would be for the people. He would
never lend his aid to arm the Government against the people.
•Mr. BRIGGS did not see how the question of trial by jury
was involved in this matter. He did not see that it was pro-
posed to interfere in this great constitutional right. He could
not perceive that this section of the bill contemplated interfe-
rence with any great constitutional principle. It was merely a
question of evidence or law in relation to the admission of evi-
dence of certain individuals. By the common law proper, a
man who was interested in a cause could not be admitted as
evidence. But one innovation had followed another, so that
the strict rule had, in a measure, been departed from. But he
must confess that, with all his deference to the universality of
the practice, he was at a loss to see irs wisdom. He could not
say much for the verdict in favor ot a man whose suit should
be determined on the testimony of another man, interested in
the individual question.
In this case, the evidence was not so much in relation to mat-
ters of fact as to matters of opinion, which, he conceived, render
it very doubtful as to whether the testimony of interested per-
sons should be received. The object ol this bill was t  pre-
vent frauds on the revenue, and he saw nothing in it calculated
to do the least injustice to upright men. Its object was to punish
those of an opposite character, and, for his part, he cared not
how much they might suffer. In questions of property, he did
notseethe propriety of allowing individuals to testify who
were themselves interested. And although this innovation of
law had been tolerated, he should vote for the section with the
proviso.
Mr. TILLINGHAST thought if any legislation was had on
the subject, so as to alter the laws of evidence, then such altera,
tion should be general, and made to apply not only to cases be-
tween certain individuals and the Government, but also to cases
where individuals themselves were concerned.
Mr. BARNARD objec.ed to the amendment. He considered
it objectionable to the section itself. He cited many cases
from English law books to show that the common law of the
country did not disqualify a man to give evidence in cases
where he was interested in the question involved. He would
never consent to entertain a proposition, which sought to es-
tablish one rule in cases in which the Government was con-
cerned, and which did not apply to all other cases. He wiriisd
the door thrown open wide in relation to ihe admission of evi-
dence, and if there was any thing which distinguished the pre-
sent day in the advances made in the system of j urisprudence,
I it was the fact that every sound lawyer was desirous that the
I    laws of evidence should be relaxed.
[       Mr. LINCOLN was opposed to the proviso.   He saw no
;    reajon why a particular rule of evidence should be adopted in
',    cases where the Government was concerned, and which would
not apply to individuals.   Was property, he would ask, more
valuable than life?   Tht,n on what what ground could they
seek to establish a law of evidence in relation to the revenue,
which could not be admitted when therightand life a citizen
i    were concerned.
He was of the same opinion as the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Barnard,] that the common law of England did
not exclude the testimony of a witness, merely because he might
have an interest in the question involved. He had always
understood the common law of England was a law of liberty,
which guarded the properly,life, and liberty of the subject, and
he would be very sorry for the introduction of any partial legis-
lation which should contravene the usage of former years.
He was extremely desirous that the revenue laws should be
strictly enforced, not only for the prevention of fraud, but for
the protection of the great manufacturing interest of the coun-
try, of which he was partly an humble representative. But,
however great might be the advantage to ihe country by an in-
crease of the i even ue, he could not consent to sacrifice or vio-
late any great principle of civil liberty, in accomplishing it. He
feared the proposed amendment would, if adopted, leave the
honest man, in many cases, without the means of protection.
There was so much apparent danger in it,that it would require
stronger arguments that had been'hitherto urged, to reconcile
him to it.
Mr. SERGEANT spoke at some length in opposition to this
section of the bill. He had not so much objection to the modifi-
cation proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts, ss ha
had to the section as originally reported. He argued that the
section was disrespectful to the trial by jury. It would be, in
effect, saying that a jury could not be trusted. He examined
into the powers of the collector under existing laws, and was
understood to contend that in this particular question at issue,
he had ample power. The effect of the section would be that if
the collector had made several improper seizures, the parties
affected by the seizure would be excluded fiom testifying in
either of the coses,  He contended, that the common law did pot
