CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
8S7
escinde a man fcem giving testimony in a question In whieh
he was interested. In reply to the remarks ot Mr. Pbtbikim, a
to the irregularity of tbe decisions under the common law, he
contended that no judge ever altered the common law, or had
the power to do it. There was no judge with liar ihood enough
to do it He also argued thai there was uo tribunal in this coun-
try where a man ia excluded tro.n giving testimony in a ques-
tion in whch he was interested. It was a settled principle in the
common law of this land, that he may give testimony. There
was a well established and universal ru le of evidence; and there
was no reason that there should be an exception in this case, by
a departure from that rule.
Mr. VANDERPOEL looked upon this section as the most
vital p3it)0i> of the bill. It had been agreed by all that there
■were very great evils existing, and that it was necessary Con-
gress should interpose some remedy. He believed this portion
of the bill was necessary to secure an t fficient remedy for the
e i>. Under that impression, he would vote for the section and
the proviso added by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
It struck him that all these Learned disquisitions on the com-
parative merits of the common and civil law, were en'irely un-
called for. All that was necessary to determine was, Cr t, what
¡■the law of the land as at present administered; and, second, is
It expedient that we shall change that law!
It had been agreed on all hands that the law, as at present
edminisiei fed, i?, that when a witness is interested in the event
of a suit, that alone disqualified him; and that an interest in the
question only did not disqualify him.
The section now under consideration proposes that an inte-
rest in the question eh ill be considered a disqualification, as
well as an interest in the event of the suit.
He had listened with very great attention to what the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Lincoln1 and the two gentle-
men from New York [Messrs. Barnard and Fillmore1, had
said, but he had heard nothing to satisfy him that, by adopt-
ing this section, we should do any violence to any great princi-
ple of liberty. It was his firm conviction that, by the adoption
of this section, we should do a great deal more good than mis-
chief. Under that belief he would vote for the section and
amendment.
These frauds, as was observed by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Adams,] have grown up into a system of stu-
pendous magnitude; and the question now is whether we shall
admit testimony parliceps criminia.
Why, suppose thirty or forty suits were brought against the
collector; what mischief might not arise by preconcerted action
with these villains who combine together for defrauding the re-
venue!
But, says the gentleman from New York, the collector may
thus prosecute an innocent man, who is prohibited under the
section from availing himself of the testimony of individuals
engaged in the business. This could scarcely ever occur, where
an innocent man could be endangered. It was next to impos-
sible for injury to result to an innocent man. There were in
the city of New York five hundred or a thousand respectable
merchants who could have no interest in the question, whose
testimony might be taken. Or if it were necessary, a commis-
sion might be established and the necessary facts procured by
sending to England, the place from whence the goods came.
It was hardly to be presumed that an honest man could suf-
fer under the provisions of this bill, as there were so many
means of proving his innocence. It would be just as hard for
an innocent man to suffer, as it would be for a lalse witness to
persist in a lie before a court.
He ha I heard a great deal said about the danger of change.
Bis experience in legislation had long since convinced him
that the profession of which he was an humble member, were
so much attached to anclen; usages that they were strongly
averse to change. Their partiality to the rules of their ances-
tors was so great as to render them Insensible, to a great de-
gree, to the necessity of any departure from them.
The principle of common law required that for a witness to be
disqualified, lie must have an interest in the event of the suit.
But the great mischief arising from this was, that, with this
restriction only, a strong inducement  perjury was held out,
and a strong temptation existed for these foreign villains to coa-
lesce in defrauding the revenue. God forbid that his attachment
to the common law should be such as to prevent him from vot-
ing for a change in particular cases, when it was so much
needed.
This great system of defrauding the revenue has increased to
a fearful extent, and is leading from fraud to perjury; and yet
fentlemen get up and tell us about the dangers of any change,
lut I would remind those gentlemen that it may be necessary
to make changes in favor of Government, when it may not be
necessary to make a change in relation to individuals.
The Government has great and formidable interests, of amag-
nitiide far exceeding any case where individuals may be con-
cerned; and these interests are more liab'e to be endangered un
der the application of particular principles than those of indi-
viduals. Yet we fold our arms and say there shall be no
change. Why gen lemen talked about not violating the rule,
and yet it had been violated already. In suits in which Go-
vernment was concerned, did it ever pay any costs? Was
there not in that case a departure from the rule already? Yet
gentlemen say it is dangerous to apply different rules to the Go-
vernment and individuals. Why, in this case, did not the rule
apply to the one as well as to the other?
Mr. V. then went on to show that for a very long period, the
question as to what constituted an interest, so as to disqualify a
witness, had been unsettled by the court.
But gentlemen in their speeches upon the commen law,
seemed to have lost sight of one of its greatest excellences.
They appeared to have forgotten its malleability—its capacity
for varying and changing, so as to accommodate itself to the va-
rious interests and circumstances of society.
Here a new interest had arisen by this system of fraud, by
this combination of villains to defraud our revenue; and yet
gentlemen say we have no right to vary the rules of our com-
mon law so as to meet the emergency.
It was competent for a legislative body to create new crimes,
(that was technically.) and it was also competent to say what
testimony should be taken to prove those offences. Here was
a long hill providing; penalties for new offences, and was it not
competent for Congress to state in what manner these offences
■hall be proved?
The arguments of gentlemen against a change in the common
law, were, some of them, very plausible, and, at first view, ap-
peared very sound; but when they came to be examined by the
standard of com mon sense, it was evident that much more mis-
cbjef would result from a refusal to adopt this .section, than by
the retentiion of the law as at present admin'stered in the courts.
Let gentlemen weigh it in the scales, and balance the account.
The gentleman from -Pennsylvania contei ds that the with-
holding of this interested evidence would be a disrespect to the
jury, who would be anxious to have all itu evidence. The ar-
guments of thatgentlrman, he was constrained to say, appeared
to him more specious than sound. So far as his expeiience
had taught h;m, he wonld say with no disrespect to the juror,
that if in a trial he were to have his choice, he wou'd much
rather take his chance with the individual than with Govern
ment. For the least knowledgeof human nature would show,
that in cases of trial between ihe Government and an individual,
the sympathy of a juror was exr.Hed most pewerfully in fivor
of the weakest parly. And a combination of those rogues who
defraud the Uniin, in addition to this sympathy, would be in
many cases sufficient to defeat justice. As the juror on the
or.e hand observed the United States, like a fat goose, and a few
isolate ! ¡ndividualsonthe other, it could be very easily guessed
on which side he would lean.
Mr. V. concluded by stating, that afterexaminine Ihe bill, he
had come to the conclusion that th • section in question was the
niost vital portionbf it, and without which, it would be per-
fectly nugatory.
Mr. MONROE had no doubt that honest merchants were
injured by frauds on the revenue, because those who committed
the frauds were able to undersell the honest lmporterat every
point. Mr. M. would go any length to have a law passed to en-
force the collection of the revenue, but could not take the bill aj
it now was. He would not consent to this section 111 any shape,
because he believed it nlringed the rights of citizens; and was
of opinion that a billcould be framed to answer the purpose de-
signed. Mr. M. expressed the hope that the bill would he sent
back to the Committee on Manufactures, so that it might ma-
ture a bill that would be acceptable to the House. Hé would
rather that all the revenues of the Government should be lost
than that this section of the bill should be passed.
The question was further debated by Messrs. MONROE,
UNDERWOOD, CURTIS, ADAMS, HOFFMAN, ar.d
CRAIG,
When, the question being on striking out the section under
debate ii the original bill, except the first line, and inserting
the amendment, it was carried wilhouta count.
Mr. RHETT then moved to strike out the entire section as
amended.
And the question being put, the ayes were 49, the noes 69.
No quorum having voted, a motion was made that the com-
mittee rise—on which the ayes were 21, the noes 85.
There still being no quorum,
The committee rose and reported that fact to the House,
which thereupon, at G o'clock, adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, May 11, 1840.
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of Thomas Watkine,
praying compensation for losses incurred during the late war;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. A. also presented a memorial from citizens of Ohio,
praying that the salaries of clerks in the employment of the
Government may be reduced; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mi. A. also presented the memorial of citizens of George-
town, D. C. praying ihat Congress may take measures to com-
pel the banks ol the District to fulfil their obligations by a re-
sumption of specie payments; which was read, referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of the city of New York, remontrating against the
repeal of the law for the licensing of pilots; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Commere, and ordered to be printed.
Mr.  STURGEON presented the memorial of  citizens of
Harrisburg, Pa. praying for the imposition ofa duty on foreign
silk, which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
WILLIAM LYON MACKENZIE.
The resolution submitted some days since by Mr. Norvell,
requesting the President of the United States to pardon William
Lyon Mackenzie, coming up for consideration,
Mr. NORVELL said it gave him much pleasure to state
that the President had already exercised the pardoning power
in relation to Mr. Mackenzie, and this would supersede the ne-
cessity of further acti in on the resolution. He therefore moved
to lay it the table, w hich was ag reeuto.
The joint resolution authorizing the printing of the laws re-
lative to naturaliz-ition, was read a third time, and passed.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
Thebill to authorize the Legislature of the State of Arkansas
to sell the lands heretofore appropriated for the use of schools
in that State:
The bid to authorize the payment of equitable commissions
to the agents or attorneys of persons in whose favor awards
have been made under three several treaties between the United
States and certain foreign powers, which awards have been re-
tained in the Treasury in payment of debts doe to the United
States;
The bill for the relief of certain settlers on the public lands,
who were deprived of the benefits of the act granting pre-emp-
tion right3, which was approved on the 19h June, I8M;
The bill for the relief ot the Plumb Island Bndge and Turn-
pike Company;
The bill for the relief «f Samuel Collins; and
The bill to grant to the States and incorporated companies en
gaged in the construction of road-  and cai.a's, the light of way
through the public lands of the United States;
were severally considered as in committee of the whole, ar.d
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill for the relief of Hannah Leighton was taken up, and
after a very interesting discussion, in which Messrs. PIERCE,
KING. WEBSTER. CRITTENDEN, WRIGHT, CALHOUN,
BENTON, DIXON, BUCHANAN, HUBBARD. ALLEN, and
PRESTON, took part, was ordered to be engrossed—yeas 31,
noes 9.
The CHAIR submitted a message from the President of the
United (States, transmitting a report from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in compliance with a resolution of the29th Decem-
ber, in relation to the sale er exchange of Treasury draf's for
bank paper, bv disbursing office) s of the Government.
Mr. BENTON believed that that messag* wi« in nn°wer to a
call of the Senate, adopted on his motion in December last. He
would thank the Secretary to send him the papers. In Decem-
ber last he read ¡n hi  place here a letter from a gentleman of
¿bis. District, who wm a disbursing «gent of the Gorenunfitt,
de
and who had been sent to the Southwest to make large Indian
payments.
Mr. WEBSTER begged pardon for interrupting the gentle-
man; but if the mesase and documents were to be the subject
of remarks, it would be"better to riavs them read
Mr. BENTON. Very good, sir- I mean to make them the
subject of remarks, beyond all question. With the leave of the
¡Senate, 1 will certainly do so.
The papera were then read.
Mr. BENTON continued. The circumstances, he said, un-
der which the call was made that led to these answers in part,
was a statement given to him in writing by a citizen of this Die-
tnct,then largely employed asa disbursing agent of the Go-
vernment. He would read over this statement again, premising
that part of what this gentleman stated had been neatly wit-
nessed by himself last summer in the .-outhwest.          }
Mr. B. here read the statement, as follows:                  '
"Memorandum of matters relating to the circulation of the Uol-
.    ted States Bank notes, which came under my own observa-
tion while acting as disbursing agent of the Government ia
the Cherokee country.
"Sometime in the spring of the year 1838, two gentlemen ar-
rived at the Cherokee Agency, One ol whose names I think was
Roberts, the other not remembered,) to whom I was intro-
duced. They wei e said to bo agents of the U. S. Bank, whose busi-
ness appeared tobe to exchange the notes of that bank for Trea-
sury drafts, or drafts from the paymasters and disbursing agenta  ;
on the Guvernment. They did make exchanges to a considerable /
extent, but to what amount 1 cannot say.   They had, I under-/
stood, in their possession a large amount of the notes of. the/
bank, and that they, after leaving the agency, went to Litili
Rock, Arkansas, on businessofasimilarcharacter.   One oft )
contractors (now in Washington) for furnishing subsistence^o
the emigrant Indians West, yesterday told me that an agent of
the United States Bank had been at Little Rock, and that he, to-
gether with his partners, negotiated a   loan   wiih him   for
£150,000, payable in six months, which, he added, would soon
be due."
"In the summer of the same year, I was called upon by Maj.
Ch s. J. Nourse, of this city, to know if I had any Treasuiy
drafts that I wished cashed, stating that lie had old notes of th«
Bank of the United States that he would give me in exchange.
I replied that I had some d i afts on New York and other places,
which,if he would give me notes of tbe U. Stales Bank of Perm*
syloania, I would enter into the arrangement, but that other-
wise 1 would not, as 1 conceived the issue of these notes wrong,
and contrary to law, and would not make myself an accessory
to the wrong, by circulating them. He obseryed that the other
agents hail made no objection te receiving them, and strongly
urged my taking them likewise. Finding I was not to be par-
Buaded, we finally made an exchange, he giving me the notes of
the Pennsylvania Bank. The old notes were generally of small
denomination—tens, twenties; the new notes were mostly of
like sums, with some fifties and hundreds. The twenties'and
hundreds, of the view issue, appeared to have been struck off
for post notes, made payable to order, with the word "order"
erased, and "John Ross or bearer" inserted. To all appear-
ancesMr. Nourse had a very large amount with him—I think
he said, of both kinds, something like a half million of dollars.
He also «aid he thought he should go to Arkansas to endeavor
to make exchanges there.
"Washingtoh, August £0,1839."
Mr, BENTON observed that the first effort here developed
was to push off on the writer the old dead notes of the Bank of
the United States; and, that failing, they then push on him the
notes of the new Bank of the United States of Pennsylvania,
which was soon after to close its doors. The contractor who
was referred to, and who was then in Washington, stated that
the agent of this Bank had been to Little Rock, in Arkansas,
and that he and his partners had negotiated a loan with him of
\ 50,000 dollars of these notes, which would soon be due. " Th*
old notes were generally of small denominations,—tens and twen-
ties—and the new notes were mostly of like sums, with some
fifties and hundreds." "The twenties and hundreds of the new
issue appeared to have been struck off for post notes, made pay-
able to order, with the word order erased, and John Ross, or
bearer, inserted.'' The Senator from Arkansas, as well as him-
self, was familiar with these notes; all had heard of the Ross
notes. "Mr. Nourse had a very largo amount with him. I
think he said, of both kinds, something like halfa million of dol-
lars."
It was upon this statement, given to me by acitizen of George-
town, one of the most respectable persons in that place—and
obliged to be respectable, otherwise he would not have been
trusted by the War Department with the large disbursement 
he was employed to malte for the Government—that his resolu-
tion, wh ch had just been read to the Senate, was founded. He
had, however, a good deal of knowledge of his own on the sub-
ject. He had himself been in the Southwest, and he there found
that the old dead notes of the Bank of the United States were in
extensive circulation, and had been put off on the agents
of the Government in the manner stated by this gentle-
man, lie was present in one' of our land offices where
a citizen came in and offered some of these notes, which
were refused by the Receiver. The citizen then expressed
great indignation against the Government for putting out notes
which it would not take in payment. The contractor's agent,
he said.had paid them to him, and they consequently came from
the Government. Besides this, it came to his knowledge,
Mr. B. said.that in this city of Washington, there was aTrea-
sury draft on the Bank ofMissouri, for 890,000, that was sold by-
one of the disbursing agents of the Government to the agent
of the Bank of the United States,and the notes of that institu-
tion taken in pay. The person who sold it went off to pay our
troops un the Southwestern frontier, and before he had been
twenty-four hours out of the city, the news came that the Bank
had closse<l its doors,and the notes tnerefore were but as to m uch
chaff in the hands of the agent, and to be paid out as Govern-
ment cuirency. There was much evidence in his possession.
(Mr. B. said) to prove the fact that the Bank of the United
Stales was in the habit of sending out its agents all over the
' illegal
ihe old dead notes which it wa  made penal bv law to «««" '••
otes of the new «MÜtiiúno, which wa«< *™a «"
In the Soathwest particuUrly, this game^
as well as the notes of the new rasütüiino, which, was a] u_t<>
nent.   In the Southwest parUcuiarly,.this P ™™
carried on, and there wa  good evidence that «*•  continue*
stop payment.
at this time.
