390
HAND, and CUSHING participated, the question wastakenon
the «nie'iiiln.eut 01 Mi  Ccsmvo, and it waaagieed to.
Stmilrv o'her intendments w re proposed hy Messrs HOFF-
MAN ami ULI MORE, which were rejected, and by Messrs.
AD M-  and 1'ILLINGHAS I\ which were agreed to.'and upon
« ith an expía itory debata took p'ace, in which Messrs
KVUt*, H\BERSHAM, TILLINGHAST, SERGEANT,
ilorFMVN, FILLMORE, and LINCOLN,participated.
At «quarter p.i i six o'clock, the bill was reported to the
IIOUM.
Mr HOLMES care notice of his intention to address the
House peierallv on the bill He characterized it as one preg-
nai.t wnh all evils, one most enormous in its character; which
he should e'deavor to exoose to the House, if no gentleman
more aiert than htmsell should obtain the floor, and move the
prevnus question                      ____
On mo.ion of Mr LEaDBETTER, the bill and amend-
ment* (i s made ra Committee of the Whole) weie ordered to
be prlnurt
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Ttesda\, May 12, 1S10.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the pennon of Elizabeth Garra-
brams; which was reterredto the Committee on Pensions.
Mr S also presented a memorial remonstrating against the
use ol bloodhounds m the Florida war, which was laid on the
table.
Mr. NORVELL presented the memorial of a number of citi-
zens ol \V lekousm, prayug the confirmation of ihe title  f
Francs La*emure and others to certain lands in Milwaukie,
which «is referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. PIF.RCh presented the petition of Jona'han Shafer;
which wasreteired totheCommutee On Revoltrionary Claims.
Mr HENDERSON presented two memorials of David Mc
Caleb, the peU'ion ol sundry citizens of Yallobusha county,
Mississippi and the petition of Frederick Counts and other*;
which were severally referred to the Committee on Public
La n Is.
M . II. also presented the memorial of the Directors of the
Grand Gull Railroad and Hanking Company; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Fmance.
Also, ibe memorial of a number of citiz°ns of Natchez, pray
tng a rem'ssion ot the penaKes imposed upon Wm L Macken-
zie,  h ch was laid o i the table
Also, the petiti-mof a num'ierofcirzens of Newton county,
Mississippi, lor a post route, which was ieferred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads
Also, the petition of a number of cifzeosof Rankin county,
Missouri, praying the passage of a bankrupt law, which was
laid on the table.
Also the petition of David A. Brocket; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr STRANGE presented the petition of Lot Stricklin;
whuh was referred to the Committee on Pensions
Mr MOU TON presen ed the memorial of the Trustees of the
Caddo Academy, in the ¡Hate oi Louisiana, r raying a donation
o Und, winch was reierred to the Committee on the Public
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on Military AffiVrs,
reported a bill authorizing the War Department to make expe-
riments m 6team vessels torharbor defenct, whuh was read,
an3 ordered to a second reading
Ml- TALLMADGE presented tile following reso'utloD, which
was cdnsidered, and agreed to
Resolrtd, That the Committee on Military Attains be m-
«¡ructed to inquire into the expediency of making a grant of
money or land to the State of New York, to assist m the con-
struction of a railroad between the waters of Lakes On'ano and
Champlain, and parallel with the St. Lawrence river, and also
to ascertain how far the said road will facilitate the transp irta
lion of the mails, public stores, troops, and munitions of war,
and how far it will supersede the necessity of forts and other
military defences along the St Lawrence frontier
Mr. BENTON submitted the fo'lowing resolution, which
was corondel ed, and agi eed to:
Resulted, That the Committee on the Library be instructed
to inquire into the expediency ol appropriating five hundred
dollars, to be expended under the direction of the Secretaries
of War and Navy, for ihe purpose of preserving and arranging,
for inspection and teference, the mineral and geological speci-
mens be'onging to Government.
Th" bill to authorize the legislature of the State of Arkansas
to sell the lands heretofore appropriated for the use of schools
in that bia'e;
The bill to authorize the payment of equitab'e commissions
to the scents or attorneys of persons in whtse favor awards
have been made under three several treat es between the United
States aod certain foreign powers, which awards have been re
tamed id the Treasury in payment oí debts due to the United
Su es;
The bill for the relief of certain settlers on the public lands,
who were deprived ct the benefits of the act granting pre-emp-
t.on rights, which was approved on the 19th Jut e, 1834,
The bill for the relief oi the Plumb Wand Bridge and Turn-
pike Company;
The b.ll for the relief of Samuel Collins;
The bill to grant to the States and lncorporatpi] companies
engrged m the construction of roads and canals, the right ol way
through the public lands ofthe United States; and
h The bill for the relief of Hannah Leighton,
were read a third time and passed
GENERAL ORDERS.
The bill authorizing the granting oi letters testamentary and
of admims-rauon toahensin the District of Columbia; and
The bill for the relief of certain companies of Michigan mi-
litia,
were considered as in committee of the whole, and ordered to
te engrossed.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The bill to establish a uniform system ofbankruptcy through-
out ihe United States I -uu? taken up,
Mr WALL aiidre^r- • 'ha Senate at length in opposition to
the bill, and in favor ot too substitute proposed by the minority
of (he Cnmmliree on the Judiciary
Mr CLAYTON followed in reply; and
Mr. CBlTTEND.fcN intimating an intention to speak on the
subject,
The Senate went into Executive session,
And then adjourned.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nousr. ok representatives,
'lun*DAY, May U, 1840
Mi DA^ IDS of Pennsvl vamt asked permission of the House
to otlei a le-ohmoi pioposn g to take a t'aily recess Irom the
hour of 2^ till 4 o'clock
Mr EVERETT objected to its reception
Mr   DV\ IS moved to suspend the rules  to enable him to
present the resolution, and on that mol ion demanded the yeas
and nav*. winch wneoidtieil
Mr. LINCOLN said it was obvious that there was no quorum
present, h- therefere moved a call of the House. He wished
to =ee what number of the gentlemen, who voted that the
House should meet at 11 o'clock, were now present.
The call havin  been otdercd, it was procteded in, and nine
ty three memt eraansweied to their names The llstof ab-
sentees was then called over, and one hundred and thirty an-
swered to then names
Mr R. GARLAND said he would like to have the names of
the absentees read, that the House might be able to know what
numbei of the gentlemen who hid voted that the House should
meet at 11 o'clock were now present.
On motion of Mr EVANS, all further proceedings m the
call were dis¡ ensed with.
The question recurring on the motion to suspend the rules, to
admit the resolution ol Mr  Davies, it was taken by yeas and
navs, and resulted—yeas 81, nays 60.
So the rules were not suspended
The SPEAKER, by permission, laid before the House a
commumcauoi uom ihe President ol the United Slates, com-
municating a report from the Secretary of State, in pursuance
of the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 23d
of March last, rilling tor the correspondence between the De
paitment oi Slate and the diplomatic functionaries ofthe United
I    Sutes in France, Sweden, Denmaik, and Prussia, and with
those Governments, or either ol ihem, relating to (he surrender
]    to the Govtrnmentol the United States of persons charge 1 wnh
J   pnacy and  murder on board ol the United States schooner
Plaiislmrg, in the >ear Ii3l7  also  the correspondence relating
to the demand by the Chi'ge d'AtIaire« ol Great Butam for the
1   surrendei of a mutmeei in ihe Buti-h armed sl.ip Lee, in 1819
1      Mr   AD\MS moved that it he on the table and be printed,
which motion was agreed to
I      Mr  A   said it w is a very important  document, lnvolv-
|    ins question-, ot gieat moment    It was a collection of doi n-
ments relating to the I'emind on this Government; and by this
Government on other nations     It also contained the corre-
spondence w I' -h. had taken place in relation to the subject here-
j    tofore, a'so     letter from the Attornev General on the subject,
which was ol importance to the States    Mr, A had received a
communication Irom the Govtrnor of Virginia, requesting par-
iicularly a copy of it when published, as it involved considera-
tions of a nature extending throughout the Union.   He hoped
the Hous2 would consent to ( rint an e-t'ra number.   He there-
lore moved I hat 5000 copies extra be printed
The CHAIR said, by ihe tules ol the House, the motion to
print an extra number of c >pies would he over one day; but
if there was no obiection, the question muid betaken now.
Mr AN DREWS or Kentucky ob|ected
Mr ADAMS moved to suspend the rules to enable him to
make it c motion, and the House Iiav ins been divided on that
question there were—veas 83, noes 33. No quotum having
vo ed,
Mr. CUSHING demanded theyfas and nays on that motion;
which were ordered, and weie—yeas 87, Days G7. So the rules
were not suspende 1.
On mouen of Mr CUSHING, the vote by which the'com-
mumcation was laid on the table, was reconsidered.
Mr ADAMS then moved that the communication be referred
to the Com mttee on the Judiciary
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
The question having been taken on the first motion for refe-
rence, it was decided in the negative
Toe question hnirg recurred on the motion to refer it to the
Committee  n Fore go Affiirs, it was agreed to.
On motion of Mr CUSHING, the documents which had been
heretotore transmitted to the House, relating to the Amistad
vessel, which was laid on the table, was taken therefrom and re.
j,   ferred tothe sanecommittee.
I       The SPEAKER also laid Before the House a communication
I   from the War Department in relation to the Georgia claims for
1 ¡   military serv ces, which, on motion ol Mr. DAWsON, was re-
|   ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be pruned.
i      Also laid before t ie House a communication from the War
Depament in relation to the charees against Lieut. Dancey,
which, on motion of Mr DOWNING, was ordered to Íleon the
tab'e and beprinud
ALo lai I before the House a communication from the Navy
Department in rel*>tu n to a dry dock at Pensaxola, which was,
on m-tion of Mr DOWNING, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs and ordered to he printed.
On motion of Mr JENIFER, the motion made by him on
yee'erday, to print 5 000 copies extra of ihe memorial and pio-
ceedmgs'of jLhe Convention on Tobacco, was taken up, and
agrteo to
"Mr CVWPBELL of South Carolina asked leave to report
from tne Commutes of Elections a resolution empowering that
committee to have such portions of the testimony in relation to
the contested elections referred to the committee printed, as
they deemed pre per. Mr C said there was a great mass of
testimony before that committee, and the printing of it, under
t1 e discretion of the committee, was absolutely necessaiy to
facilitate the action ofthe committee upen it, and the action of
the Ho ibe when a repon shall have been made by the com-
mittee
Mr STANLY objected to the reception of ihe resolution
Mr r/LLMf'RE saidu wasa matter of economy thatthe re-
solution should be adopted, and absolutely necessary to facili-
tate action on the question before the committee, and equally
nc esbary for the information of the House, when it shall be
called to act upon the question.
Mr CAMPBELL of South Carolina moved to suspend the
ru'e-
Mr ANDREWS demanded the yeas and nays; which were
m'ordered
Ihe question was then taken, and the rules were sus-
pended
Mr R. GARLAND objected to conferring the power on the
commit ee to decide what should be printed. They ought not
to be the judges, but the House. He hoped all the teetimony
would be printed, if any of it was to be.
* fc
Mr CAMPBELL said all the lestimory whuh could be
deemed necessaiy by any member of the committee would be
printed.
Mr R GARLAND moved to strike out the words such evi-
dence, and insert " all the evidence ''
Mr 'POLAND hoped the amendment would prevail He had
no objection to print all ihe testimony; but he was not pre-
pared to give to the Committee of Elections ihe power of selec-
tion. As a Representative fr«m the State of Pennsylvania—a
State which had a deep interest m one of l hese cases—he
wished the cases to be fully considereO. and all the testimony to
he made known And he Wished the House to make its own se-
lection and decision
Mr. FILLMORE said a mass of tastimony had been reierred
to that committee; much of it might be irrelevant and incom-
petent, and it would be incurring an expense to no purpose to
have that mass printed He had no objection, if the House
thought proper, to have the whole of it printed, but it would
incur an enormous expense.
Mr CAMPBELL of South Carolina accepted the amend-
ment.
The CHAIR stated that it would then leave it discretionary
with the commi tee
Mr. R. GARLAND wished it so amended as to have the
whole of the testimony printed, leaving no discretion to the
committee
Mr RAMSEY was m favor of gn ing the committee the
power asked, and il tl el louse should, thercalter, deem it ne-
cessary and wish to have the whole printed, it could do so
He, therefore, to save the time ol the House, moved ihe previ-
ous question, which was seconded, and the mam question or-
dered
Mr.TOLAND demanded ihe yeasand na)son the amend
men!, which having been ordered,
Mr GARLAND -^iid, inasmuch as any one member of the
committee could call loi and have such portions of the testi
moay printed, as might by him be thought propel, he with-
drew his amendment
Mr ANDREW  then called for the >eas and nays on the
adoption of the resolu'ion, which were i otordered
T he question was then taken, and the resolution was agreed
to.
Mr PETRIKIN asked leave to pret-ent a resolution in sub-
I  stance, thrtthe House would at half past two  adjourn, forthc
purpose ol ac, ompauying the  telect committee on Kaub's
i  steamsafety valve, down the nvei, to witness the practical ope-
ration of the said pieventive against explosions
The CHAIR said the resolution could not be received ex-
cept hy the general consent ol the Hou-e, and
Objections having been made, the resolution was not
passed
The CHAIR and that the fust business before the House was
the special order on the subject of the public prirtirg
Mr ADAMS moved that the House first t^ke up and dispose
of the bill to insure the more taithlul exet ution oi the laws re-
lating to the collection ol dunes on imports.
Mr BL\L K said he htd no objection to the immediate dispo-
sal of that hill; but he wished to state to the IIou>e that he was
ready at all times to take up the question on printing, and dis-
pose of it.
Mr LEWIS WILLIAMS moved that the furthei considera-
tion of the report be postponed until to-morrow.
After some conversation, further action on the said report
was suspended until the bill above alluded todiould have been
disposed of
COLLECTION OF DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
The House took up the bill, reported yesterday with sundry
amendments from the Commitiee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, entitled "A bill to ensure Ihe more uithful execution
of the laws relating to the collection of duties on imports;" the
question being on concurring with the Committee of the Whole
in their various amendments
Mr EVANS asked that, by general consent, he might offer
an amendment which he had been instructed by the Cemmittee
of Ways and Means to move, and which was as follows:
"And be it further enacted, That, in all appraisements and
ir voices, the mark banco of Hamburg shall be estimated and
taken to be the value of thirty five and one-half cents "
Mr ANDREWS inquired if the bill was now up before Ihe
House!
The SPEAKER said it was
Mr ANDREWS moved the previous question, but withdrew
the motion
Mr A objected to the introduction of the amendment, be-
cause it was a totally different subject from that ofthe bill, and
ought to be brought up in a pi oper form He felt all disposition
to accommodate the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Commit-
tee of Waj s and Means, but he must object to the introduction
ofthe amendment as a tack to this bill.
The SPEAKER said that the amendment, not having been
offered in Committee of the Whole, could only be offered now
by general consent.
Mr EVANS was understood to say that he had felt a desire
to say a few words on the amendment, but that he would not
now press it.
And thereupon all thejamendments made in Committee of the
Whole weie lead; and the question being on concurring in
them seriatim—
Mr ADAMS suggested that, by general consent, the question
should be taken on all the amendments together, unless any one
of them should be objected to, in which case it should be reserved
for special action.
And the House having agreed to adopt this course, the ques-
tion was taken, and all the amendments were concurred in
save the one hereinafter mentioned, viz :
On motion of Mr ANDREWS the ninth section of the bill,
which had been amended to read as follows, was excepted:
"Sec 9. And be it further enacted, That whenever a suit
against any collector or other officer of the customs, for the
seizureof ¡foods, wares, or merchandise, unlawfully imported
into the United States, or forfeited for the unlawful entry of the
fame, shall be tried m any court of the United States, m
which suit is involved any question of duties on importations
of goods, wares or merchandise, no person having the same
interest with that of the party to the suit, in the question at
issue, shall be competent as a witness on such trial, unless
called to testify by the adverse party."
And the question being on concurring with the Committee of
the Whole-
some conversation followed on a question of eider, inmlr-
