CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
all.   He would therefore more that the House ad-
journ
On which motion the yeas and nays were ask, d
and orderei; anJ being taken, were—yeas 32,
nays 63.
So the Hou<« r'fKs^d to adjourn.
Mr. R. GAR-AISD moved a call of the House;
uhieh was i ejected.
Mr. CURTIS moved that the House adjourn.
On which motion the ysas ar.d naj s were asked
and ordered.
Mr. CORTIS thereupon withdrew the mo-
tion.
Mr. ADAMS renewed ir, remarking that the
House might as well be lis'enmg to the call of the
yeas and naya as doing nothing.
And the yeas and najs were asked and or-
dered.
Mr. RICE GARLAND desired to state that
though bejshou'd be glad to state a few facts, and
to bay something in reply to arguments that had
been urged on the other side, still he was willing
that the question should be taken, if ihe House was
so disposed.
Afier a biief conversation, the question was
taken, ani the vote stood—yeas 37, nays 71.
So the Hou'-e refused to adjourn.
Mr. HENkY moved a call of the House, and
asked the yeas and nays, which were ordered; and
being taken, were—yeas 70, nays 50.
So the call «a< ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, but had
made only a little progress therein, when, on mo-
tion of Mr. DAWSON, all further proceedings on
tha call were suspended.
Mr. RICE GARLAND then offered to amend
the amendment by a resolution setting forth that as
it appeared that offers had been made to execute
the public printing—one at 25 per cent, less than
the prices fixed by the joint resolution of March
3,1819—and the other at 20 per cent, less than
said prices—this House did not deem it expedient
to pay the printer thereof a higher compensation
than that for which other persons who were com-
petent to do the work were willing to perform it.
Mr. EVANS accepted this resolution as a mo-
dification, by way of preamble, to his amend-
ment
Mr. VANDERPOEL asked if it was in order to
assume facts by way of recital?
Mr. RICE GIRL&NDsaid he was assumng
nothing. The testimony which had been taken
before the committee would fully substantiate that
such offers had been made. Mr. G. then referred
to tae evidence of particular individuals, and to
their qualifications to testify; in doing which, he
replied to numerous statements made by Mr.
Black in relation thereto, and contended that the
whole report of the majority was based upon a sin-
g'e erroneous calculation, or statement, given in
testimony—unintentionally erroneous, no doubt,
but still erroneous. Mr. G. entered into a minute
examiaaiion and comparison of prices, with a view
to show tbe accuracy of the conclusions in the re-
port of the minority, and invited the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Black] to s.how that a sing'e
error had occurred in the figures upon which that
report was based. He dwelt on the amount of
capital admitted to be invested—on the expenses
incurred of all kinds—onthenett profits admitted
to be received—contending that, even after the re-
duction proposed by the minority should have been
made, a sufficient, an abundant remuneraron
would be left to the printer—a nett pre fit greater
than that real zed on any other fair and honest in-
vestment of capital, and this, too, after all the risk
and hazard to which allusion bad been made had
been taken into consideration, and which, he said,
weie fcarcely heard of with reference to any other
than Congressional printing.
Mr. G. tefe red to the proceedings in the com-
mittee, (as they appeared on the journal which had
been prmtpd, and which led to some explanations
between Messrs. GARLAND, EVANS, and
BLACK,) with a view to show that no original
proposition or plan for the reduction of the prices
of toe public printing had been submitted by the
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Black,] in the
first instance, but that he had been drawn into a
I sane ion of the propos tion for a redaction of fifteen
per cert, a* the   lowest   of the   two propositions
made for that object, bv th« f?rt ih*H members of
the committee on bo'h sides were "found to be ;n
favor ot rsduction to a greater or less extent.
He wou d not follow the genileiran 'turn Geor-
i   g'a  thrown the motives  uh'oh hf> h«d imputed,  |
l| rather indi'ectly to be sure,  to a certain  port'nn
i of the House m repaid to  the increase of public
.' printir?.    The House in <ght be responsible for the   I
amount of priming wh'ch it   thought pioper to or-
der; and he (Mr. G.) and thee who act*d with  |
,1 him, did not s>ay that the printer was to be made  j
responsible, or to be cut down to a starving salary
| for that. Bnt they did say that the printer would 1 e  |
j  well and liberally compensated  by  a much less   I
'' amount of profit.   Th* tompensotion, after all the
'i mat'ers to which the gentleman from Georgia had  i
i j referred, as adding to the expenses and ii-ks or a
pnn'ing establishment, including the hi?h raies of  i
1! insurance and every thing else, was most extra- I
¡ vagant, and   such as ought no longer to be tole-  [
i   rated.                            "                                      I
i       Mr. Garland having concluded—                      |
¡       Mr. PETRI KIN moved to strike out all after   j
I   the word "Resolved," in 'he amendment to the ori-
ginal resolution, and insert ihe fo'Iowing: '-That the
i   proving for this House shall hereafter be paid for   !
i   at a rate of lea per cent, less ti<an the piices fixed
by the joint resolution of March, 1819.
"Resoh erf, That the printing executed for   this
House since the election  of printer, s>hall be paid '
for as heretofore provided for, and «greeably to
all the reservations and provisions contained in the
I   joint resolution of the 3d of March, 1819."
i       Mr. P. said he would make no remarks beyond
!   this; that he thought the majcuty and the minority
1   of the commit ee wre both wrong in their conclu-
sions    Upon a cri'ical examination of the  testi-
mony of Messrs. Gales and Sexton, and others, wifo
have the Jbest practical knowledge of the business,
it would be found that the printers could not stand
the reducion proposed.    He believed his proposi-
tion was about a fair medium between  the ex
tremes, and the most ju«t one; and he, therefore,
moved the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS of Pennsylvania moved a call of
the Hous"; wh'ch was ordered—ayes 60, nays 56.
Mr.-UNDER.WOOD said it was near 7 oVlock,  I
ani if thecal! was  proceeded in they would  be
kept heie a long time before it could be completed,
and he therefoie moved an adjournment.
Mr. ATHERTON demanded the yras and nay*;
which w^re ordered, and were—yeas 63, nays 83.
Si the House íefuf d to adjourn.
Mr. GALBRA1TH said it was now obvious that  '
there was a quorum present, and he moved to dis-
pense with all further p-oceedinss in the call.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and |
nays; and which baling been ordered,                    i
Mr. GALBRAITH wit ídrew his motion.             '
The call was then proceeded in till 173 members  j
answt-red to their names; when
Mr. BANKS moved that all further proceedings
in the call be dispensed wiih.
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina moved that
the Housp adjourn.
Mr. TURNEY demanded  the yeas and nays
which were not ordered.
Then, before completing the call,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thuhsdav, Ma,- 14, 1840.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a remonstrance from
merchants of the city of New York against the bill
recently passed by the Hou«e of Representatives
for the better enforcement of the revenue laws;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial of
John M. Sarchett, of the city of Philadelphia, stat-
ing that there were four conflicting decisions on the
revenue law in relation to imported iron, and
asking legislative action in the premises; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr, DAVIS presented a memorial from citizens
of Boston, praying for the establishment of a fog
be 1 on a certain island in the harbor of Boston;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, repoitfd a bill to extend tbe privilege of de-
benture on the exportation of foreign merchandise
in certain ca:n-s; which was read, and crdtred to a
second reading.
Mr. N. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill fix'ne the compensation of the collector of
the poit o! St. Louij; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading, and the report ordiied to be
prime 1.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee en Commerce,
reported a bill authorizing the harbors of Sippican
and Mattapo ¡>ett, in the State of Massachusetts, to
be known hereafter as ports under those names;
which was read a first and second time, and or-
dered to bp engrossed for a third read.ng.
Mr. MOUTON, from the Comm.t ee oi Com-
merce, reported a bill making appropriations for
the continuance of operations for deepening the
channel at the mouth oí the Mississippi river; which
was read, and ordered to a second read ng.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred
The petition of Thomas Amerman, and
The petition of Samuel Cozad;
made adverse reports thereon; which were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PRENTISS from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred
The petition of Rxhard Elliott; and
The petition of Shearborn Dearborn;
made adverse reports thereon; which were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Benjamin
Owens, made an adver&e report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
The joint resolution to appoint a joint commit-
tee on the subject of the Documentary History of
the Uuited States, with a view to the discontinu-
ance thereof, was read a third time, and passed; and
Messrs. HUBBARD, WEBSTER, and ALLEN,
appointed said committee on the part of the Se-
nate.
GENERAL ORDERS.
The bill to create an additional land office in the
Sta'e of Michigan, and for other purposes; and
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of David Stone;
were severally considered as in committee of the
whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill for the relief of William Bennett was
discussed as in committee of the whole by Messrs.
WILLIAMS, HUBBARD, YOUNG, LUMP-
KIN, and WHITE, and indefinitely postponed—
ayes 20, noes 18,
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The bill to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States being taken
up,
Mr. HENDERSON spoke at length in opposi-
tion to the subititute proposed by the minority of
the Committee on the Judiciary.
¡      Mr. WALL replied to the remarks of Mr. H.;
and after some further remarks by Messrs. CR1T 
i   TENDEN, GRUNDY, WEBSTER, NORVELL,
\   and TAPPAN,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 14,1840.
When the House adjourned on yesterday, the
subject before the House was the report of the
Select Committee on Printing. The question
pending, was the amendment of Mr. Petrikin to
strike out all afer the word "Resolved" in the
amendment offered by the minority of the com-
mittee, and to insert the following:
"Tnat ihe printing tor this House shall hereafter
be paid for at a rate of ten per cent, less than
the prices fixed by the joint resolution of March,
1819.
"Resolved, That the printing executed for this
House since the election of printer, shall be paid
