CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$95
tucky were permitted to pas?, it would be establish-
ing a bad precedent. Heie a report was made
from a committe, giving the facts ofacertain trans-
action, and, under pretence of acting under that
report, a gentleman wished to introduce resolutions
of the most dangeious tendency, calcu'ated, among
othtr things, to destroy the right of trial by pry.
He contended that the resolutions had no, relevan-
cy or connexion, either 'directly or indirectly,
with the report of the committee. They had no
bearing whauver upon the report, and consequent-
ly the Hoo e ciuld have no action upon them.
For instance, one portion of the ie:olution referred
to disturbances on the hghway; and was that rele-
vant to the subject of the report! Certainly not.
He was therefore compelled, as a matter ot duty,
to make the appeal.
Mr. TILLINGHAST contecded that the reso-
lutions were perfectly in Older; and inasmuch as
the committee had recommended no asiion, it was
proper for any member to propese that which the
committee were not intruded to do.
Mr. BRIGGS considered the resolutions as hav-
ing no relation to the report of the commi ee. In
casa they should be adopto!, the report would re-
main undisposed of untouched.
Mr. BANKS thought that the Speaker and the
House wi uld bear witness ihat he had never lis-en
lo aquesiun of order ¡-ii cj he had first taken his
seat on the floor, end it was w.th extreme regret
that he ever said any thing in relation to such
qoes'ions, as i> was always win. paia'ut enact, ons
that he ever d.sagreed with the opink n ot toe pie-
siding officer.
In the present case it was his deiibera'e judgment
that the Chair was wrong in deciding ibis resolu-
tion, offend by the g-'Ml-m-n foot Kentucky, to
Leinord;r. He. Mr. B. cot sidered them hs to-
tally jir> levant ¡o ibe ques'iwn before the House,
inasmuch as they referred only to such cases as
might h"feafter occur, and did not touch the pre-
sent unpleasant and disagreeable afla-r. Besides,
the resolution interfered and infiingtd on thr stand-
ing rules of the House. He perfectly aereed w;th
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Brisg ] that
whatever dispositi'n we mght make of these re-
solutions,, the report of the committee will remain
untouched
As to the case of Messrs. Claiborne and Ghol-
son, to wh'ch the gentleman from Kentucky had
referred, that did not brar him out in the
position he had taken; for the resolutions of-
fered on that occasion were based on the evi-
dence accompanying the repot t, and were,
therefore, perfectly relevaut. But, were these
resolutions based upon the evideuce or th  facts of
the report? No: they have nothir.g to do wi'h the
report of the committee. If the gentleman had
proposed any action opon the repoit—if h? had
proposed to censure or to expel the parties, then it
would have been in order. But the resolutions dd
not propose to touch the matter, attd referred solely
tocases which m'ght occur hereaf-.er, and besides
that, the resolution went to abrogate some of the
standing resolutions of the Houce. He did not de-
ny the power of the House to legislate so as to pro-
vide for the futare, but he considered that the pre-
sent case should be deposed of first.
Mr. UNDERWOOD was surprised at the course
of gentlemen in opposing the re-olufions. The
committee had, in accordance with ins'ructions, re-
ported all the fac<s, and now gentlemen ccn'eaded
that the Honse must confir e itself strictly to this
ease, and had no power to legislate for the future.
Mr. BANKS: I said no such thing. The gen-
tleman is raittaken. I admitted that we had the
tight to If gislate prospectively.
- Mr. UNDERWOOD then went on lo contend
that instead of his resolutions abrogating any
standing rule of the House, there was no rule
which applied to the cas?. He proposed to make
a new law, which should cover such cases. Ac-
cording to his view of the Constitution, there could
be no law to define this particular offence; and the
only way in which it could be reached, was by a
reference to the practice of the British Parliament,
and of this body in former years. He denied there
was any other way by which this particular offence
could be reached.   What he wishtd to do, was to
establish a system of law, so as to apply to all such
cases. But how was the appeal sustained by the
gentlemen from Virginia and Pennsjlvania? Why,
on the grouud that the lesoiutions interfered and
infiingrd on the standing rule of the Honse. Now
the fact was, the resolutions interfered wiih no
standing rule.
Mr. BANKS referred him to the standing rule
which provides that two-ihirds shall be required for
the expuk-ion of a member, whereas one of the re-
solutions proposed four-fifths. Was not that an
intetference on one of the standing rules?
Mr. UNDERWOOD admitted that in this in-
stance his resolutions were not m order, and he
was willing to withdraw that portion.
The SPEAKER modified his decs on so far as
to except that portion of the resolutions, which pro-
posed a change of the tule; the rule, as at present
exis'ing, requrirg one day's notice of amendment.
Mr. BANKS said as the gtntleman had now
charged the issue, and intended to propose some ac-
ti >n on thi report, he wéuld no knger support the
ap eal.
M'. VADERPOEL demanded the the previous
ques'ion on the appeal.
Mr. BOYD moved to lay the whole subject on
the taMe.
Mr. BRIGGS asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas 83,
nays 96.
So the motion to lay the whole subject on the
1  table was rejected.
And the question recurring on the demand for
the previoHs question on the appeal, there was a
sec n.'.
And the rmin que-tion was ordered to be
takfn.
Mr. PRIF^IT demanded the yea* and nsys on
the main quest on, which were orderei.
On the r q'lisition of ihe t hair, Mr. W. C
J^hnsom reduced his point of order to writing;
which was substantially as gi e i sbove—addii><?
thereto that the re*o!uiion proposed a chai.ge o.
the r-ils—a proposition wh.ch could not be made
without one day's nonce.
Anl the main question, "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
was then th n taken, and decided in the negative—
yeas 6&, nays 108.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed, and
the resolutions declared tobe out of order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said that, as some gentle-
men had sagge.ted that most of tfce resolutions
which he had offered were in order, provided tbey
were connected with the transaction between
Messrs R. Garland and Byntjm, he would pro-
pose to of er the following resolution as the first cf
the series, and then to strike out two of the others
—the one propostng a change cf th; rule so as to
require a majoiity of four fifths, ami the o.her
proposing joint action on the part of the two
Houses. The following resolution was then
read:
Rttolved, That this House ought not to take any
further notice of the occurrence between Mr. Rice
Garland and Mr. Jei-se A. Byncm, but should
lrgi<-la;e to prevent the occurrence of such cases
in future.
[Here follow the other resolutions, excepting the
two numbered six and seven.]
Mr. CUSHISG submitted to the Chair that
these re-olutiois were out of order.
The SPEAKER, referiug to the decision just
made, said in hts opinion they were so.
Mr. UNDERWOOD appealed from this de-
cision.
Mr. PETRIKIN submitted to the Chair that an
appeal could not be taken, because the question
bad already bean decided.
Mr. UNPERWOOD claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Underwood] was entitled to the floor.
The Speaker was of opinion that the proposition
now offered was substantially that on which a de-
cision had just been made; but it would be placing
an arbitrary power in the hand* of the Speaker
to say that a gentleman should not appeal from his
decision.
The appro 1 was srolien to by Mr. UNDER-
WOOD, in opoñtion to the decision of the Chair,
and by Mr. CUSH1NG in support of it.
After which, Mr. TAYLOR moved the previous
question; en which motion there appeared—ayes
81, noes not counted.
So there was a second. And the main question
was ordered to le taken.
Mr. EVERETT inquired of the Chair whether
the question could not be decided so as to take the
question on thf first branch of the resolutions?
The SPEAKER s.aid no, net on an appeal.
And the question, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as thf judgment of the House?" was
was then talen, and decided iu the affirmative,
without a dividen.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr WISE said he had not risen for the purpose
of submitting a y proportion; but he had a remark
to make, 'o which he asked the espial attention
of honorable member*. I make it (continued Mr.
W.) because I consider I have more right to mak«
it than any other rnrmbji of this House. It is
thi-: Ihat now, after all ihe parade yon have made
upon ih's ra>e of disoirier, if 3- >u do not take ac-
tion upon it, and exercise th* power you pos*-?s«,
you wi 1 do strong-and vio'ent injustice to both
members of ihe Home who aie imphea'ed in a
chafge of disorderly behavior. Placed in the posi-
tion in which they are placel now—a po<-i ion simi-
lar to that which I have myself b^en placed in
heretofore, in a much tnorp s-tu us case, and when
charges cf a mueh more serious character were
made against me, at the laM Corgress—sir, I can
spprerit'e 'hr injustice you will do ihe-e members;
and I ran syrnpvhiz'1 wi'h them, if now, after the
appoin'ment of a mmmi tfe, you should deride
that the who'e maiter sha'1 be laid upon the Ub e.
I voted t^is morning flgan^t iha moti >n to lay the
who'e^uhj ct on th " taMe, not thrt I e^peeiaPy de-
sired aiy ae* on upon it, tor 1 &hall not sit upon the
casp; but became, a.í I have a'ready said, if you
dono' take action, yon vll do tT;se gentlemen
injus'ic"; you will do to one or bcth of them injus-
ti"e similar to that violently done to me on a lor-
mer occasion. I refer to the case of pretended pri-
vilege dragged before th'S House at its last long
session; and I refer to it only as an argument
iHus'rative of the injustire that may be done now.
I do not wish again to call it up for discussion here.
But after arraigning gentlemen for disorder or
breach of pr,vilcge,'wiihout deciding who was right
or who was wrong; nay, with >ut even allowing an
opportunity to discuss the question as to who was
right or who was wrorg; afier goading gentle-
men, members of thrs Hou*e; after stigmatizing
them with breaches of privilege, and evea with the
commission of rnuider, you bory the who'e affair,
not In oblivion, but in the confusion or a report.
Aftir arraigning men tefcre tbe couniry and the
world for a breach cf privilege, aftsr charging
them with every high crime and misdemeanor dis-
graceful to human nature, the House was not even
willinz to take up and examine into the merits of
the case, and to decide upon it In my own case,
not even down to this\ery hour, have I been able
to get the publicat'on of the testimony to meet the
charges which have been sca'tered through the
world against me. Are you about to do the same
injustice now to these members? Day afier day,
in the case to which I have alluded, were gentle-
men waiting anxiously for a trial—day after day
were they watching, with deep solicitude, for the
moment when ihey might appear at the bar of the
Heuse, and speak for themselves, while the press,
and the public, and the world, were all speaking
against them.
The SPEAKER here intimated to Mr. W. that
it was not in order to discuss the merits of that
case.
Mr. WISE resumed. I am not about to do so.
I have merely referred to it by way oí illustration,
and for the purpose of a kmg whether such is to be
the course of proceeding in the present case.
I have one other remark to make. The precise
course which my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Un-
derwood] has proposed now, was pioposed then.
Instead of taking up the parlies and punishing
them, if they were guilty—instead of expe ling
them from this House—m*e 4 even of sending
