400
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
were ordered and taken, and resulted as follows—
yeas 104, nays 89.
So the subject of the separation of the printing
from newspaper establishments was laid on the
table.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
Mr. JONES of Virginia said he ro>e lor the
purpose of enabling him to submit a motion, that
the House resolve itself m'o Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. J. said, in so doing, he deemed it fair and
proper to state, that incase the Housashou.dgointo
committee, he would then ask th  committee to
take np the Independent Treasury bill. He ex-
pressed a hope that he «hould have the co-opera-
tion, not only of the friends of the measure, but
also of its opponents, who, on other occasions, had
expressed their apprehensions, that it was the in-
tention of the suppor'ers of this Administration
not to act upon the bill at the present session of
Congress. He concluded by submitting his motion
to suspend the rules, and on il he asked for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON wiihed to know
if the gentleman from Virginia would not consent
to modify his motion" so as to embrace other bu-
siness.
Mr. WISE wished to have a fair understanding
on the matter. If this was a motion to go into
committee en a particular subject, he would oppose
it; but if the motion to go into committee was ge-
neral, he would support it.
Mr. JONES explained that his motion was to
suspend the rules for the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whole generally. But he had
expressed his intention, in ca^e the motion
should be carried, to ask the committee to take up
the Independent Treasury b.ll.
t The questiou was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, by yeas and nays, and resulted
as tollows: yeas 117, nays 83; not two thirds:
YEAS—Messrs. Attbrii, Judson AUen, Hush J. \nderson,
Atherton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Btackwell, Brewster,
Albert G Brown, Burke. Sampson II Butler, Dynum,Wm. IS.
Campuell, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Col-
quitt, Connor, Mark A. Cooper, William R Cooper, Craig,
Crary, Dana, Davee, John Davis, John W. Davis, Daw«on,
Doan, Doig, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fletcner,
Floyd, Fornance, Gaibraith, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond, Hand,
John Hastings. Hawkins, Hill of Virginia, Hill of >orth Caro-
lina, Hillen, Hoileman, Holmes, Hook, Hopkins, Howard,
Hubbard, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W Jones,
Keim, Kemble, KiUe, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell,
Lucas, McCiellan, McCulloch, McKay, Mallory, Marchand,
Mason, Medill, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Samuel W.
Morris, Newhard, Pansh, Parmenter, Parris, Pavnter, Petn-
kin, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rhett, Edward Rogers, Ry-
all, Shaw, Shepard, Albert"Smiih, John Smi'h. Thos Smilh,
Starkweather, SiecuroJ, Strong,S'imter, Sweat mgen, Sweney,
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Jacob Thimp'on, Turney, Vander
poel, Vroom, David D. Wagener, Watterson, Welter, Jared
W. Williams, Henry Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and Wor-
thiogton—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Birnard, Bell, Briggs, Brockway, Anson Brown, Ca houn, Car-
ter, Chinn, Chittenden, Clark, James Cooper, Crabb, Cranston,
Crockett, Curtis, Cushing, Deberry, Dennis, Dellet, Edward*,
Evans,Everett, Rice Garland, Gates. Giddings, Goffein, Goode,
Uiaham,Green, Grinned. Hail, William 8 Hastings, Hawes,
Henry, Hoffman, Hunt, James, Chai les Johnston, VVm. Cost
Johnson, King, Lincoln, Mr-Carry, Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan,
Calvaiy Moirn, Naylor, Ogle, Osborne, Palen, Pack, Pope,
Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner, Reed, Ridgway, Russp'1,
Sergeant. Simonlon, Slode, Truman Smith, Stan!y, Stuart, Ta-
liaferro, Tillmghast, Toland, Tnplett, Trumbull, Tfnderwood,
Peter J. Warner, Warren, Edward D. White. John White,
Thomas W \n!ln pis, Lewis Williams, Ch isiopher H. Wil-
liams, and Wist—S3    ♦
So the rules were not suspended.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, ihe House then
proceeded to the orders of ihe day.
The following engrossed bills were taken up,
read the third time, and parsed, viz:
A bill for the relief of William J. Roberts and
William Detherage;
A bill for the relief of John Roberts;.and
A bill for the relief of the widow and children of
William Grant Davidson.
The bill entitled "An act to amend an act to re-
mit duties upon certain goods destroyed by fire at
the late confjasrafion in the city of Ncv Yoik in
December, 1835," passed July 7, 1«33, was taken
up on the question, Shill it be ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading?
Mr. CURTIS movi-d an amendment, providing
that all appropriations (or relief uri<'er th s act, and
the act to which this is a supplement, shall be filed
with ihe commissioner in six months after the pas-
sage of this act.
Mr. RHETT moved an amendment to the
amendment, so as to make the principle of relief in
the bill general—to make it exffnd to otlier cines
where goods have been destroyed lv 'ire.
Trie question w is taken o;i tne amendment to the
amendment, and rtjocted.
The question refurruig on the original amend-
ment, it w*s agreed to.
Mr. CURTIS moved the previous question on
ordering the bill to be engrossed,
Mr. RHETT moved a call of the House; which
the House refused.
Mr, CONNOR moved to lay the bill on the ta-
ble, and on that motion demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered, and were—yeas 73,
nays 93.
So the House refused to lay it upon '"ie table.
Mr. PARRIS ..loved a caMcd of the Hcn-e; and
on that motion demanded the )w and nays; which
were ordered, aud were—yeas 6J nays 100.
The call wps refused.
The prevdus question was seconded; and the
qutstion being, "Shall tne main question be or-
dered?"
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi demanded the
yeas sndn.ivs; which were net oider.-d.
The mam ques ion wis then ordered; which was,
"Shall the bill Le engrossed foi a third reading?"
and on that motion,
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were orcered,  and were—jeas 87, nays 80
The bill having been engrossed, and the question
beine; on its passage,
Mr. HUBB1RD demanctd the yeas and nays;
which were nrtWed.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to refer the bill to the
Committee on Commerce, and mads some remarks
in support of the motion.
Mr. PROFF1T called for the previous question,
which was seconded—ayes 65, noes 63.
Mr. TURNEY demanded the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question, whioh were ordered,
and, being taken, were—yeas 6D, nays 83, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. J. Q. Adams, John W. Allen, Andrews, Ba-
ker, Barnaid, Bell, Buldle, Biockway, Carroll, Clnn.i, Critten-
den, Clark, James Cooper, Crans on, Cnu-keti, Cuius, Cushing,
Danes, Dellet. Doig, Edwards, Evans. Uvereit, FiLmore, Fine,
Floyd,Rice Garland, Gates, Gentry, Goode, Graves, Gunnell,
Hand, W S. Hastings, Hawi's, Hil'en. Ifoilm m, Howard, James,
Kemb'e, Lincoln, Mason, Monroe, Mmean, O'le, Peck, Proffit,
Randall,Randolph, Rariden Reed, Rid_nvav. Iliwe'l, Sergeant,
Truman Smilh, Stanly, Storrs, Stuart, Waddy Thompson, Til-
linghast, Toland, Tnplett, Trumbull, Vandorpoel. EdwaidD.
White, John White, Thomas W. Williams, Joseph L. Williams,
and Wi<M"-fi9
NWS—Messrs. Hnsh J Anderson, Banks, Beatty, Beirne,
Black, Blackwell, Buike, William B Cunpbcll, Carr, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Coles, C moor, Ma1 ,. A Cooper, William
R Coopei, Crabb, Davee, John Davis, Dawson Doan, Duncan,
Eastman, Fornance, Gerry, Gnflin, Hammond, John Hastings,
Hawkins, John Hill of N C. Hoileman, Holmes, Hook, Hub-
bard, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jonei, John W. Jones, Keim,
Ki'Ip, Leadbetter, I.eet. Lewi*, Lowell, Luca*, Mi-Clellan,
McCulloch, McKay, Maroband,Medill, Miller, Samuel W Mor
ns, Newhard, Parish, Parment-r, Parns, Pa\nter, Pa.il.in,
Pope, Ramsey, Rhett, Ryall, S iaw, \l'iert d-rith Join Smith,
Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Sioenrod, Su.nd'r, Sivoanneen,
Sweni-v, Tahiferro, Ta.lor Francis Thomas, Turney, Under-
wood. DividD Wagener, Waller, W ck, Jared W. Wiihams,
Henry Williums, and Lewis Williams—83.
Su the main queMion was not ordered.
Trie «fleet of tfiis vo'e, by the rule, was to put
the bill from under the consideration of the House
for th's day.
Mr. HUBBARD moved that theHou=e adjourn;
which motion, by veas 37, nats 89, was rej'cted.
On motion of Mr R. GARLAND, the bill for
the relief of Mary Tucker, was postponed till Sa-
turday wé>k.
Mr. RUSSELL moved that ihe House go into
committee on the bit's enumerated on the three
fir-,t pag s of the pnva'e caleniar; en which mot on
no quorum <'otad.
Mr. BKIGGS moved a c\ll of th- House.
Mr. HLBBARD moved an adjournment, but
subsequently withdrew the motion.
Alter som° conversation bnv pen Messrs. STAN-
LY, PETrJKIN, and BRIGGS—
Mr. BRIGGS asked ihe yeas nnd nays on the
motion that ihere be a call of the Housp, which
weie ordered, aud, beug taken, were: yeas 79,
nays 51.
So ths call was ordered.
And, a qui rum being now present, Mr. BRIGGS
moved to ¡¡u pend proceedings on the call,
Mr. ANDREWS asked the yeas and nays on.
that motion. He was not disposed to trifle; and if
gentlemen would have a call of the Hutise, let
theid go through with it.
Mr. BRIGGS then withdrew his motion to sus-
pend; and the call proceeded, when 136 answered
to their name«.
Mr. BANKS said there was a quorum present;
if there was any intention to do the private busi-
ness, they had bet'er dispeme with all further pro-
ceedings in the call: he moved to suspend further
proceedings.
Mr. ANDREWS asked the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. PETRIKIN a ked for tellers; but the call
was not sustained.
Mr. HUBBARD said many gentlemen had gone
out of the House since they had answered to their
names on the call of the roll.
And the question being then taken on the motion
to suspend all further proceedings on the call, it
prevailed by the vote of 80 to 21, a majority of
ihe members present, but no quorum voted.
Mr. R. GARLAND then renewed the motion.
that the Houre s;o into committee.
Mr. ADAMS demanded the yeas ani nays,
which ordered, and, being taken, weie, yeas 123,
navs 0.
So the motion was agreed to; and a quorum was
ascertained to be present.
And, at four o'closk, after an hour and a half
spent in motions to adjourn, and a call of the
House, the House went into Committee of the
Whole (Mr. Briggs of Massachusetts in the chair)
on ihe thtee first pages of the private cak ndar.
The committee took up the bill for the rel ef of
Andrew Law, assignee of Law, Taylor, and Co.
The report having been read—
After some remarks from Messrs. PETRIKIN
and M. A COOPER,
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to strike out ihe enact-
ing clause.
A discussion followed, in which Messrs.
ADAMS, DAWSON, M. A. COOPER, CRAIG,
and SERGEANT, parlicipa'ed in favor of the
bill, and Messis. RHEIT and PETRIKIN in op-
position.
The question on the motion to strike out the en-
acting clause was taken, and the vote stood—ayes
40, noes 60—no quorum voting.
The CHAIR requested ihe members without the
bar to come within the bar and vote; when a count
having been again taken, the vote stood, yeas 40,
nays 56, (st.li no quorum voting.)
The commiltee then rose, and the chairman re-
ported to the House that the commiltee found it-
self without a quorum.
Mr. HUBBARD (at a quarter before 5) moved
that the House adjourn. On which motion, Mr.
R. GARLAND demanded the yeas and nays;
which, being ordere i, were, vea* 43, nays 68.
So the Houss refused to adj mm.
And, af'er several ineffectual motions for a call
of the House, yeas and nays, &c.
Tne House adjourned.                
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, May 16, 1840.
Messrs. C. n. WILLIAMS and BAMÍS, by consent, present-
ed additional testimony in relation to claims now before com-
mittees.
Mr. BRIGGS made some remarks in relation to the unconsti-
tutionally of the lesolutions parsed by the House on yesterday,
reducing he pnce of the public printing fifteen pel cent. He
argoed tl at, in its present lorm, it woulU be a perleUnullity; in-
asmuch us ihe House could not, by asimple resolution, annul
tht law of Con2its« fixing the prices. For these, and other
co sidcratinn . he moved a reconsideration of the vole on the
adaption of the resolution.
Mr SMITH of Indiana made a few remarks to show the im-
portance of transacting the business of the countr), and, to at-
tain that end, moved to lay the motion to reconsider en the
table.
Mr BRIGGS demanded the yeas and nays on that motion;
which weie otdered.
Mr EVERE1T inquired of the Char whether, if the motion
to ¡ay on the table the motion to reconsiusr prevailed, it did not
suspend the operation of the resolution
Tne CHAIR was understood to say that it suspended its pas-
sate.
Mr L. WILLIAMS moved a call of the House, and on that
motion demanded the yeas and nays; which weie ordered; and
were—yeas 72, nays 14
The question íerurrineon the motion to lay the motion to !*■
consider on the table;
Mr SMITH of Indiana-said he would withdraw that motion;
and moved the previous question on the motion to recons'der;
vbich motion received a second; and the main question having
*
