CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono........«1st Sess.
TUESDAY, MAY 26, 1840.
Volume 8...........No. 26.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Continued fr m A'o. 25.
been ordered, which main question was, " Shall the rote be re-
considered!"
Mr. RANDOLPH demanded the yeas and nays; which were
ordered, and were—yeas 84, nays 98, So the House refused to
reconsider the vote.
Mr. DA VIS of Pennsylvania asked leave to oner the follow-
ing resolution:
Sesolved, That from and after Monday next, this House will
take a daily recess from two till half past three, p. m.
Objection being made,
Mr. Da VIS moved a suspension of the rules.
On that motion, Mr. HOFFM A N demanded the yeas and nays,
which, being ordered, were—yeas 130, nays 40.                           i
So tiw rules were suspended.                                                  j
And the question recurring on the adoption of the resolu-   t
tion,                                                                                        !
Mr. 3MITH of Maine moved to amend, by inserting "half past
two till four o'clock."
Mr. DAVIS accepted this as a modification of his resolution,
and the question being on the adoption of the resolution as
modified,
Mr. BARNARD moved further to amend, by a resolution pro-
viding that on and after Monday next, the House do meet at 10,
a. m. and adjourn at 4, p. m. which was disagreed to.
The previous question on the resoluiion was then moved, put,
and carried, and the resolution agreed to without a count.
Soon and after Monday next, the House will take a daily re-
cess from half past two till four p. m.
Mr. McKAY said there had been a letter received this morn-
ing, and laid on the table, from Messrs. Blair and Rives, in rela-
tion to the prices paid for the public priming; and asking that
the prices for figure work and brevier might be fixed. He
wished that letter referred to the Select Committee, of which
the gentleman from Georgia was a member, with instructions
to report thereon. He accordingly made a motion to that
effect.
Mr. PROFFIT objected, and the motion could not be
then entertained.
Mr. BANKS, on leave, presented, on behalf of Mr. Camp-
bell, then absent on the Committee of Elections, certain evi-
dence in relation to the erection of a beacon and light-house,
near Georgetown, South Carolina, which, on his motion, was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, moved to amend the 93th Rule of
the House, so as to appoint a standing committee on the public
printing.
Objection being made,
Mr. DAVIS moved a suspension of the rules, which motion
was negatived.
The SPEAKER then called on the standing.committees for
reports; when
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee of Claims," reported
back to the House, with an amendment, Senate bill entitled an
act for the relief of.H. Lucas; which was committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Also, reported back to (he House, with an amendment, Senate
bill entitled an act for the relief of Alfred P. King; which was
commuted to the Committee o( the Whole.
Mr. BURKE, lroai the Committee on Commerce, reported
back to the House, without amendment, Senate bdl entitled an
act for the relief of the SteamSioat Company of Nantuckut;
which was committed to the Committee of Hie Whole.
Also, reported back to the House, without amendment, joint
resolution of the Senate directing the purchase of 230 copies
of Jones's Digest of ttie.Tanf^o be deposited in the library of
Congress; which was read; ana
On motion of Mr. PtíTRlKlN, who made some remarks in
opposition to it,referred to the Committee of the Whole, and
made the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on the Public Lands, re-
ported a bill confirming to the Territory of Iowa a tract of land
Kir the purpose of erecting public buildings thereon; which was
read twice; and
On motion ol Mr. L who said the bill was a mere matter of
form, it having been engrossed, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. L. from the same committee, reported a bill granting to
the county of Jotin-oa, in the Territory of Iowa,the right of pre-
emption to a tract of land foraseat ofjustice for the said county;
and repealing the 2d section of the act heretofore passed on the
3J of March, 1819, entitled an act making a donation of land to
the Territory of Iowa, for the purpose of erecting public build-
ings thereon; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on the Public Lands, re-
ported back to the House without amendment, Senate bill en-
titled an act to authorize the registers and receiver of the
kind officers to administer all the oaths necessary to persons, in
relation to the entry and purchase of land.
After a few remarks by Mr. HUBBARD of Alabama, to press
the passage of the bill immediately,
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana inquired whether any provision was
made in the bill to fix the tees for administering the oaths;
which he said s lould be done.
Mr. MASON was understood to reply in the negative.
After a few remarks from Mr, UNDERWOOD,
Mr. R. GARLAND contended that some provision should be
made to fix the fees for administering the oath as intimated by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Davis ] The registers and
receivers, he said, were in the habit of charging whatever they
pleased as fees. He knew a case in his district where one of
those officers charged a gentleman $22 as fees for the entry of
forty acres of land under the pre-emption act.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana then moved an amendment, providing
that the registers and receivers should not directly or indirectly
receive any compensation for administering such oaths; which
Was agreed to,
Mr. UNDERWOOD then made further objections to the Mil,
and
After a few remarks by Messrs. REYNOLDS and CRARY,
«verbal amendment was made te the bill.
Mr. HJNDERWOOD moved an amendment, making it the
duty of the Commissioner oi the General Land Office to give
information to any individual who'may make app'ication for
that purpose, ol the name and residence ol the persons owning
lands in any section ol the country.
Mr. CUSHING objected to the amendment. It would give
speculators, by the information that they might obtain from
the Commissioner, an opportunity to impose upon the old sol-
diers who had received bounty lands from the United States.
Mr. REYNOLDS s*id, if the Commissioner was bound to
answer all the leuers for informaiion from every part of the
United States, consequent upon the passage of sucha piovi-
sion. it would consume all his lime. He coincided with the
views expressed by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
CtjsHiKo. ] He might speculate himseifoccasionally, but he did
not consider it right to afford an opportunity to these specu-
lating gentlemen to impose upon the old soldiers.
After a few further remarks by Mr. CUSHING in opposi tion
to the amendment,
Mr. STEWART said he represented a district which was
much interested in this provision. He argued that it would
not be for the benefit of ths speculators, as intimated; hut that
he had received letters from farmers who were not speculators,
calling for information of the kind which this amendment was
intended to meet. He had introduced a resolutioncalling upon
the Commissioner for all the information, giving the names and
the residence of the landholders, which was adopted by the
House. He contended that it would be for the benefit of the old
soldiers, many of whom had their lands sold for taxes under the
laws of Illinois; and who, in all probability, were not awareof
that fací; and were barred from any claim to the lands thus sold
after the expiration of a certain period. And if the informa-
tion of the names of the persons and residence could be known,
such a result might be prevented.
Mr. MASON argued that the information on the public re.
cords should be made free to all; that it should not be locked
up, subject to the disposition of the Commissioner. The power
of th* Commissioner might be converted toa species of favo-
ritism He might, if he chose, give information of the kind re-
quired to a friend, and withhold it from an enemy. He was in
lavor of the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. CASEY did not consider the amendment necessary, in-
asmuch as all the information which could be required would
be reported to ihe House under the resolution preponed by his
colleague, [Mr. Stewart,] and would be free for the whole
country.
Mr. UNDERWOOD replied that the information under
thatresolii'ion would apply only to military lands.
Mr. CASEY said the rule of ihe Deparment refusing infor-
mation did not apply except to military lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD was not aware of that fact. The amend-
ment would however do no harm.
Mr. HUBBARD said the question was one totally discon-
nected with this bill. He move I the previous question, which
was amended, and the main question ordered; which main
question being first on the adoption of the amendment,
Tne question was taken by tellers (Messrs. Johnson of Ma-
ry land and How Ann acting as such) who reported—ayes 55,
noes 90; so the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurring on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading, it was carried in ihe affirmative; and
the bill having been engrossed, it was read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on the Public Lands, re-
ported back to the House, without amendment. Senate bill
entitled an act torevivean act authorizing certain soldiers of
the late war to surrender bounty lands drawn by them, and
to enter others in lieu thereof, and for other purposes; which
was read the third time by special order, and passed.
Mr. M. also, f.om the same committee, reported back to the
House, with an amendment, Senate bill entitled an act to dis-
continue the office of Surveyor General in the several land
districts so soon as the surveys therein can be completed, and
for abolishing the land office', under certain circumstances;
and for other purposes; the amendment was concurred in,
and the bill was committed to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, reported back to the
House, without amendment, Senate bill entitled an act autho-
rizing the relinquishment of the 16th sections, granted for the
us j of public sc hools, and the entry of other lands in lieu there-
of; which was committed.
The morning hour having expired, to which the reception of
reports of committees was confined,
Mr. MASON of Ohio moved to suspend the rules, to submit
a motion that another hour be granted to the committees to re-
port; and the q uestion being put, the House refused to suspend
the rules for that purpose.
On motion of Mr. RUSSELL, the House then passed to the
orders of the day.
Engrossed Senate bills on the Speaker's table, of the follow-
ing titles, were then taken up and passed, viz:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives of David
Stone;
An act authorizing Sippiean and Mattapoisett, within the
township of Roenester, in the State of Massachusetts, to be
known hereafter as ports of entry, under those names.
, Joint resolution of the Senate, authorizing the appointment
of a Select Committee to investigate into the costract of the
late Secretary of State, Edward Livingston, with Clark and
Force, for the compilation and publication of a Documentary
History of the United States, was read twice, and, hy special or-
der, the third time, and passed; and,
On motion of Mr. EVANS, a committee of five was appoint-
ed on the part of the House.
The bill next in order was the bill explanatory of the act for
the relief of sufferers by the great fire at New Yerk. The bill
having been previously read a third lime,
Mr. PETRIKIN moved the previous question on its pas-
sags.
The call for the previous question being seconded, the main
question was ordered to he put.   And the main question being
on the pasease of the bill, it was taken by yeas and nays as fel-
lows: yeas 60, nays 95.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. GRIFFIN of South Carolina moved a reconsideration of
the voto by which the pill bad been rejected.
On that motion Mr. HUBBARD called the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and the main question ordered to be
put.
And on the main question, (being on the motion to reeonsU
der,) Mr. CONNOR demanded the yeas and nays; which being
ordered, were—yeas 78, nays 96.
So the House refused to reconsider.
On motion of Mr. RUSSELL, the House then resolved fcself
into a Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Uníaos in the chair,; and
resumed the consideration of private bills on the calendar.
The first bill in order was the bill for the relief of the assignee
of Law, Taylor and Co.
The qu stion pending being on the motion to strike out the
enacting clause, it was opposed by Messrs. EVERETT.RHETT,
HABEHSHAM, and COOPER of Georgia.
The question then being taken on the motion to strikeout, the
ayes were 35, and the noes 72—no quorum.
Tne committee then rose, and the Chairman reported that fact
to the House.
Mr. WISE said it was a notorious fact, that on private bill
days there was seldom or ever a quorum; and if gentlemen
would persist in dividing the committee, gross injustice would
be done to the parties concerned. He theiefore moved an ad-
journment.
On the motion, Mr. ANDREWS demanded the yeas and
nays; which were not ordered.
Mr. WISE said, if the House would, by common consent, go
back into Committee ef the Whole, he would withdraw the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. ANDREWS said he would not consent to any euch ar-
rangement. The House had power to compel the attendance
of members, and he wished the power to be exercised.
Mr. WISE.   Then I will not withdraw the motion.
The question on the motion to- adjourn was then taken bf
tellers, and resulted—ayes 50, noes 61.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN moved a call ol the House.
On that motion, Mr. ANDREWS demanded the yeas and
nays; which being ordered were—yeas 54, naya 68.
So the call was not ordered.
A quorum being now present the House again resolved it-
self into a Committee of the Whole, and resumed the conside-
ration of the bill pending which It had risen.
Mr. PETRIKIN withdrew his motion for a division on the
motion to strike out the enacting clause.
The question on striking out was then taken, and negatived
without a count, and the bill laid aside to be reported.
The next bill was a bill for the relief of Benjamin Adams and
Co. and others.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to strike out the enacting clause, and
in advocating the motion, he was quoting, in a general way, what
had formerly been said on the floor of the House, relative to
the waste and extravagance of the Democratic party and the
present Administration; and that, when the Whigs were told
they had voted for the bills granting the sums complained of as
extravagant, they replied that the Democrats had the majority,
and ought to have prevented the passage of all improper laws:
"Pass these bills, voting away a million of money, and we will
be again told, 'the Democracy had the majority in the House.of
Representatives; why did they para such bills') " Mr. P. was
called to orler hy the CHAIR fir irrelevancy.
Mr. P/ÍTR.IKIN centended that he was Is order, inasmuch as
he intended to show that the pa -N-tge of this bill was impolitic,
and wrong in principle. He theielore took an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
And the question being on the appeal, some debate arose be-
tween Messrs. MORGAN, GARLAND of Louisiana, DAVIS,
and others, ae to whether the appeal was debatable.
Mr. GaRLaND of Louisiana referred to the rule of the
House, which declares that an appeal is not debatable.
The question was then taken by tellers on sustaining the deci-
sion of the Crair, and resulted—ayes 67, noes 53: no quorum.
The committee then rose, and the chahman reported that fact
to the Home.
Mr. ANDREWS gave notice that he would, on Monday, move
a reconsideration of the vote, by w hich the House had ordered a
daily recess.
Mr. WELLER moved an adjournment
On that motion, the yeas and nays were ordered, and ware-
yeas 63, nays 6a
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
MoNBAT.May 18, 1840.
? The CHAIR laid before the Sena* a report of the Secretary
of the Navy, made in obedience to a resolution of the Senate,
on the expediency of adopting the improved boarding taw ais
and rifles invented by SarnuefOolt: which was read, and refer.
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a remonstrance from a large num-
ber of merchants, of the city of New York, against the passage
of the bill to ensure the more faithful execution of the laws re-
lating to the en I leo i ion of duties on imports.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the memorial of the heirs of
Thomas Farrar; which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. WALKER presented the memorial of the President and
Directors of the Grand Gulf Railroad and Banking Company,
praying a remission of duties on certain railroad iron; which
Was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. W. also presented a memorial of citizens of Rankin
county, Mississippi, praying the passage of a general bankrupt
law; which was laid on the table.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of die Alabama f ***^
Orleans Railroad Company, praying a remission of **>•■ •*
cert lin railroad iron; which was referred to the Commttt   on.
Finance.                            •                                         vw—
Mr. K. also presented the memoria] of Ag*"  . ^KjT
zac; which was referred to the.Committee on Foreign  • •
" Mr! TALLJíADGI P^^^Jfíj^oíwSl^
Livingston county! New York, for  • J*,!*™" w """""*■* 
or* Mackousie; which was la  on tt  «•* •
