CONGRESSIONAL «4OBE.
403
.By Mr. WARREN of Georgia.           ,   ____mm   r^
By Messrs. BUTLER, DENNIS, and ANDREWS, of Ken-
tucky.
Mr. ANDREWS referred to the motion he had made on
Saturday to reconsider the vote by which, on that day, a daily
recess had been ordered. He did not wish to press the mat-
ter at this time, and therefore moved to postpone it until
Thursday.
Mr. BANKS moved to lay the motion to leconsider on the
««ble.                                                            ,
Mr. ANDREWS said, his object in moving the reconsidera-
tion was, to offer a resoluuou that the House meet at 10 a.m.
and adjourn at 4 p. m. daily.
Mr. BANKS then withdrew his motion to lay on the table,
and the petition to postpone till Thursday was ax reed to.
Petitions were presented
By Messrs. BLACKWELL, CAVE JOHNSON, C. H. WIL-
LIAMS, and the SPEAKER, from Tennessee.
By Messrs. STARKWEATHER, and GIUDINGS of Ohio.
Mr. GIDDINGS presented sundry petitions on the subject of
slavery, which came within the rule disposing of petitions of
that character; and he moved a suspension of the rules, to en-
able him to present ihem to the House.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama made a point of order, whethee
it was m order to make a motion to suspend the rules, for in
purpose indicated.
The CHAIR decided that it was.
Mr. HOPKINS demanded the yeas and nays on the motion to
suspend the rules; which vere ordered.
Mr. R. GARLAND moved to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr. CONNOR demanded the yeasand nays; which were not
ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to lay the whole
■object on the table, and it was agreed to.
Petitions were further presented from Ohio by Messrs.
DOANE, RIDGEWAY, ALLEN, GOODE, SWENEY, and
SWEARINGEX.
[Mr. SwBABiNGEN presented the petition of a number of citi-
zen! of Jefferson county, Ohio, praying that a duty be laid on the
importation of foreign silks: refrred t  the Committee on Com-
merce. Also, the petition of Benjamin W. Ladd, praying com-
pensation for money paid out in delending a suit brought by
Duncan Mc Arthur, in consequence of a decision of Congress,
upon a Hue dividing the Virginia military land district, from
the lands belonging to Congress, Ax. referred to the Committee
on Public Lands]
[Mr. RroewAY presented the petition of Christopher Niswon-
gen and William S. Sullivant. The petitioners state, that in
November, 1837, they entered into a contract with the Com-
missary Department to furnish and deliver certain provisions
for the United States army, at Fort Towson, public landing;
that .they purchased and shipped the quantity contracted for,
aad that within a few miles of said landing, the boat snagged
and sunk, and a portion of said provisions was thereby lost;
that they were assured by the agents of the Government at the
time, that it would not be expected that they, the petitioners,
would fulfil the residue of their contract. The petitioners further
state that they secured and delivered supplies to tne amount of
♦5,454 48, and that they have received from the Government
94,000, and that the balance has been retained by the officers
of the Government; and it is against this decission of the officers
of Government that the petitioners protest, and ask the inter-
ference of the Congress of the United States: referred to the
Committee on Claims.]
By Messrs. R GARLAND and CHINN of Louisiana.
By Messrs. RARIDEN and DAVIS of Indiana.
[Mr. Davis presented the juint resolutions of the Legislature
of Indiana, relative to repeal of duty on salt. Also, relative to
the improvement of White river. Also, relative to the frank-
ing privilege for agricultural societies. The petition of sundry
citizens of Knox and Davis counties, for a mail route from
Washington to Carlisle. The petition of sundry citizens in fa-
vor of the claim of John Wilson, of Owen county, Indiana.
Also, certain joint resolutions passed by the Leg stature of In-
diana, on the subject of the Cumberland road; which he moved
to refer (o the Committee of Ways and Means, with instruc-
tions to report a bill a continue the construction of the said road
in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.]
Mr. BANKS moved to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. CASEY demanded the yeas and nays; which, having
been ordered, were—yeas 63, nays 78.
So the House refused to lay it on the table.
Mr. DAVIS moved the previous question on the motion to re-
fer, with instructions.
Mr. HUBBARD called for a division of the question, so as to
take the vote first on the motion to refer, and then on the in-
structions.
Mr. CONNOR moved a call of the House; and
Mr. HUBBARD demanded the yeas and nays on that mo-
tion; which having been ordered, were—yeas 55, nays 82.
A call was refused.
The question then recurrringon the demand for the previous
question, and Messrs. Dawson and Leadbetter having been
appointed tellers to ascertain whether there was a second, re-
ported that there were, yeas 77, nays 60.
The question then recurring whether the main question
should be then put, which main question would have been on
the adoption of the instruction,
Mr. WISE demanded the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered.
Mr.THOMP30Nof Mississippi moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. WELLER demanded the yeas and nays; which were not
ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to adjourn, by
elleri.ana agreed to—ayes 74, noes 51.
The House then adjourned till 11 o'elock, to-morrow.
Mr. STURGEON, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, asked to be discharged from the consideration of the
claim of the heir of Thomas Farrai, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the petition of a number of the citi-
I zens of Washington, stating that they labor under great inconve-
nience, in consequence of the banks of the District refusing to
fulfil their obligations to the public, and praying Congress to
take such measures as may compel a resumption of specie
payments; which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRESTON presented the petition of the Southern Steam-
packet Company of the city of Charleston, praying compensa-
tion for transporting the United States mai1, under the authority
of the Post Office Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roade.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the memorial of James Leary
and others, hat manufacturers of the city of New York.
Mr. C. said, the grievance of which they complain is, that
silk hats, and the unfinished body of fur hats, are admitted du-
ty free, contrary, as they believe, to the true meaning of the
compromise act; and the relief asked is, the passage of a bill to
restore the protection to which they think they are entitled.
The petition is numerously signed, there being nearly a thou-
sand names affixed, all, as he was informed, engaged in the hat-
ter's business.
It may be asked, why he had been selected by so numerous
and respectable a body of citizens, belonging to another and
distant State, to present their petition, when hiB opposition to a
protective tariff was so well known. He could assign but one
reason, and that was, that they concurred with him in the
opinion that the necessity for protection originated in an un-
sound currency; and that all that was required to afford ample
protection against competition from any quarter, was a sound
uniform, and stable currency. The petition wasdrawn up with
ability, by a mechanic, as he was assured, but whose good
sense and sound discriminating judgment would do him credit
in this or any other body. That he should be thus supported,
in so important a position, by sucha body of men, so deeply
interested, and capableof judging correctly of their interests, and
that they should select him to present their petition on account
ofthe accordance of their views with his, was not a little grati-
fying to him. It gave additional assurance of future peace and
harmony between the different portions ofthe Union. It is well
to speak plainly. We shall never see peace and harmony
within our borders, till the tariff question is satisfactorily ad-
justed; and it can never be satisfactorily adjusted but through
the currency question. He had long seen that the currency
was at the bottom of that vexed question; and it gave him new
hopes, to see the same opinion spreading in other quarters, and
especially in that from which this able petition comes. He
hoped that it would receive the serious attention ofthe Senate;
and in order that the members might have an opportunity to
read it at their leisure, he moved that it should be printed for
their use, and referred to the Committee on Manufactures for
consideration; which was accordingly ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
made an adverse report on the petition of the widow of Joseph
S. Cannon.
Mr. PIERCE submitted the following resolution for conside-
ration:
Whereas it is apparent that great frauds have been practised
within the last four years upon Congress on claims growing out
of Revolutionary services; and whereas the Government, in
consequence of a large porttion of its records being lost by fire
o otherwise, has uo adequate means of protection against such
frauds, therefore
Resolved, (as the opinion of the Senate,) That it is just and ex-
pedient to ihsist upon the bar interposed by the statute of limi-
tations for ill claims for the payment of which provision was
made prior to 1800, unless the claimant shall first make a satis-
factory explanation of the causes of delay «nee that period,
and sustain his application by documentary testimony.
The bill to provide for satisfying outstanding claims to
bounty lands for military services during the last war with
Great Britain, and for other purposes, was taken up; and after
an animated discussion, in which Messrs. PRENTISS, SE-
VIER, YOUNG, BENTON, HUBBARD, CLAY of Kentucky,
SMITH of Indiana, and WALKER, participated, was post-
poned until to-morrow.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The Senate again proceeded to consider the bill to esta-
blish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States. The question being on Mr. Wall's substitute for
the bill—
Mr. STRANGE having stated that he differed in his views
on this subject from all the rest of the committee, proceeded to
exhibitand illustrate them at targe, and was understood to come
to the conclusion that the subject was involved in very great, if
not insurmountable difficulties; that the same objections which
went against bringing such a law to bear upon banks and other
State corporations, went with equal force and clearness against
its application to individuals; and that, if any were included,
all ought to be included.
Mr. NORVELL having signified his desire to speak briefly
on the subject—
The bill, by consent, was laid over till to-morrow.
And the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tübsday, May 19, 1S40.
The, CHAIR submitted a message from the President of the
Wotted States, in relation to the bonds issued by the Territorial
uovetamem of Florida; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, a report from the Secretary ofthe Treasury, in reply to
•weetution of the 28th of April, on the issue of Treasury notes;
" u^iSE"!^,0  *  table, and ordered to be printed.
2*r-A,L,i.Y of Kentucky presented the petition of Fielder R.
oorsstt, jor an increase «f compensation: which was referred to
4*e Cammittee on Claims,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tdbsday, May 19, 1840.
Petitions were presented, by the eenernl consent of the
House, by Messrs. GERRY, JAMESON. DILLET, McCLEL-
LAN, STUART, GENTRY. REYNOLDS. ELY, HOWARD,
WICK. WISE, SLADE, DETONE. CHAPMAN of Alabama,
DAWSON, HA WES, LOWELL, HILLEN, BURKE, SHAW,
JOHNSON of Maryland, CASEY, CARR, BREWSTER,
DAVEE, TAYLOR and LEONARD.
Mr. LOWELL, by general consent, presented the following
resolutions, recently adopted by the Legislature of the State of
Maine, which, on his motion, were ordered to be laid on the ta-
ble, and printed:
'        F                STATE OF MAINE.
Resolves relative to the repeal of the act giving a bounty to
vessels engaged in the fisheries.
Resolved, That the repeal of the act, giving a bounty to ves-
sels engaged in the fisheries, would affect the general prosperi-
ty of thieotate, by injuring the interest engaged in navigation,
in 9hip-building, and in the fisheries.
Resolved, That national policy requires a continuance of
the fishinr; bounty, to foster Snd aOWaJll the commerce of Ihe
country in peace, and to afford a competent supply of able sea.
men for the naval service in war.
Resolved, That our Senators in Congress be instructed, and
Representatives be requested, to use their exertions to prevent
a repeal or modification ofthe law, entitled an act laying a du-
ty on imported salt, granting a bounty on pickled fish, ex-
ported, and allowances to certain vessels employed in the fishe-
ries, or of any acts or parts of acts relating to the bounty to
vessels or individuals engaged in the fisheries.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward a cer-
tified copv of these resolutions to each of our Senators and Re-
presentatives in Congress.
Mr. L. also presented the proceedings of a public meeting
held at Bucksport, Maine, on the subject of an appropriation
for erecting a fortification on the Penobscot river, opposite
Bucksport, and the establishment of a military and naval depot
at Castine; which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed. Also, the petition of Moody
Pilsbury, and 364 other citizens of bucksport, Maine, and its
vicinity, for the same object; which were referred to the same
committee. Also, the petition of John C. Talbot and other citi-
zens of Mechisses, Maine, for a general bankrupt law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
[Mr. Jameson presented the following petitions: A petition
to establish a mail route from Jefferson city, by the mouth of
Niangua and Buffalo, to Springfield. Also, a petition to esta-
blish a mail route from the Merrimac, by the Pmey Mills, Bur-
den's and Grigsby's, to Forsyth. Also, a petition of Jesse L.
Oldham for an increase of pension. Also, a petition of sundry
citizens of Clark county for an appropriaiion for the improve-
ment of the Dúsmoines river. Also, a petition of sundry citi-
zens of Calloway county for the establishment of a certain
mail route therein mentioned. Also, a petition of sundry citi-
zens of Cole county for the establishment of a certain mail
route therein mentioned. And also a petitien of sundry citi-
zens of Boonville for the establishment of a certain mail route
therein mentioned; which were severally referred to their ap-
propriate committees.]
[Mr. Casey presented the petition of a large number of citi-
zens of the city of Chicago, Illinois, praying for the release of
William L. Mackenzie. Mr. C. stated as Mackenzie had been
pardoned, and the object of the petitioners obtained, he moved
to lay the petition on the table; which Motion prevailed. Mr.
C. also presented the petition of Mr. Jeremiah Fields, praying
for the correction of an erroneous land entry : referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.]
[Mr. Shaw presented the petition of Samuel BHlings, pray-
ing for the bounty on a fishing schooner, the Luzaná: referred
to the Committee on Commerce. Also, the memorial of Na-
thaniel B. Baker, and 121 other citizens of Concord, New Hamp-
shire, praying for the pardon of William Lyon Mackenzie.
Laid on the table.]
[Mr. Rbynolos presented the petition of George H. Walker,
of Wiskonsin Ty. praying to be confirmed in his claim to land
in Milwaukie; and the petition of Robert Brownfield, praying
apension for Revolutionary services: referred to the appropriate
committees.]
[Mr. Burke presented the petition of Phineas George, pray,
ing to be placed upon the invalid pension list. Also, the peti-
tion of James Henry, administrator of William Henry, praying
for compensation for wages due said William Henry, as jnid-
shipman in the service of the United States, and fer property
of said William Henry in possession of the United States]
[Mr. Carr presented the petition of William Gentry and
others, praying the change of so much of the mail route from
Rockport to Washington as lies between Jonesborough and
Jasper, and that said route be established through Taylorsville,
Warrick county, Indiana; also, the. petition of William Hum-
phreys and others, praying for a post route front Canton, .via
Little York, Sage's Ferry, to Rockford, Indiana: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.]
[Mr. Howard, of Indiana, presented a petition from Madison
Collins, of Warren county, Indiana, praying that the petitioner
be placed on the pension roll of invalid pensioners: referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. The. petition of Isaac
Carroll and others, citizens of Porter county, Indiana, praying
for the establishment of a post route: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The petition of Thomas
Lomas and others, praying the extension of the Pre-emption
laws: referred to the Committee on Public Lands. The peti-
tion of certain citizens of Carroll county, praying disestablish-
ment of a post route: referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads. The petition of s u ndry citizens of Porter
and Lake counties, prayiag the extension of the pre-emption
laws:   referred to the Committee on Public Land .]
[Mr. Davee presented the petitions of James R. Leighton
and others, and G. M. Burleigh and others, for the establishment
ofa mail route from Waterville, in the county of Kennebec, (o
Dover, in the county of Piscataquis, State of Maine. Also the
petition of Alexander Woodward and others, praying for a rnajl
route from Fi3h's Mills to the town of Massardts, in the county
of Aroostook, in said State; which were severally referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.'.Mt-D'-tuso pre-
sented the proceedings of a public meeting at Bttngof,'Maine,
on the subject of an appropriation for the erection of a fortifi-
cation on the Penobscot river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. ]
[Mr. Brbwster presented the following petitions: Two of citi-
zens of Oswego county for a genera) bankrupt lew: referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. One of citizens of Oswego
and Onondaga counties, for a post road: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. One of Henry Fitz-
hugh and others, for the erection of beacons and light-houses on
the Thousand Islands, in the river St. Lawrence:' referred to the
Commifee on Commerce. Also, a memorial of inhabitant  on
the Northern frontier, for a ship canal aruuud the falls of Ni-
agara: referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,.and the
memorial ordered to be printed. And also sent to the Clerk's
table divers petitions in the case of Wm. Lyon Mackenzie.] .
[Mr. Taylor presented the petition oí Solomen Sturgws
for relief, in relation to a tract of land entered under niinuuy
bounty land scrip: referred to the Committee on toe ruwic
Lands. Also, the petition of J. W. Thompson, praying an ap-
propriation of money for the completion of. tb«_ ™^í*"í ~
the memory ofthe mother of Washington, near Fretock,bnrg,
Virginia. Also, a preamble and resolutions of the <«°era'*£
sembly ofthe s'tate of Ohio, ta relaüon  * th* s^eof public
váfV^SeffsannSlothers, of Wmxm, praymg «3
