____________CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________________409
land office, by way of pre-emption, at $2 50 per
acre.
These amendments were received and subse-
quently ordertd, with the bill, to be printed.
Mr. COST JOHNS' >N wished to have a dis-
tinct understanding on the disposal of this bill.
The SPEAKER repeated tiat it was now laid
over until Tuesday, en which day it woulj be first  |
in order; the question being on the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON said, as that was the cse, he
would ask Is ave to otfer ihe following resolution,
which was read for information, viz:
Rushed, That the Secretary of ihi Navy be re-
quested to forman a statement of the cost or build-
ing, equipping, and repairing, the public vessels of
the United States, from the nr*t day of January,
1830, to the present time, the cost of each   vessel
under the above mentioned several heads to be dis-  '
tmcily and separately set forth, and the time de-  j
signaled when the same was built, equippeJ, or re-  ¡ j
paired.
Oojection being made,
Mr. JOHNSON moved a suspension of the
rules, which motion was rejected. So the resolu-
tion was not received.
Mr. REED, on leave, presented sundry memo- |
rials, which were referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.                                                      ,
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the House pro-
ceeded to the orders of the day, and resolved itself
into a Committee t,f the Whole, Mr. Briggs ia the
chair, on the private bills on the calendar.
The bill under consideration, when the commit-
tee last rose, «asa bill for the relief of Benjamin
Adams and others.
Mr. PETaiKiN had moved to strike out the
enacting c ause. In supporting that motion he
used the following language, for which was de-
cided out of order by the Chair as irrelavani, viz:
" Mr. Petrikin was proceeding to quote in a
general way what had ibimerly been said on the
floor of the House, relative to ihe waste and ex-
travagance of the Democratic party, and the pre-
sent Administration, and that when the Whiss
were told they had voted for the bills granting the
sums complained of as extravagant, they replied
that the Democrats bad the majority, and ought
to have prevented the passage of all improper laws.
'Pass tne-e bi'ls,' said he, 'voting away millions of
money, and we will be again told the Democracy
had the majority in the House of Representatives,
why did they pa«s such bills?'
" Mr. Petrikin appealed from the decision of
the Chair, and on a division by tellers on su«tain-  '
ing the decision, it was discovered there was no
quorum.   Whereupon the committe rose, and the  i
House adjourned."
The question now pending being on the appeal,
The CHAIR restated in subs anee the reasons
for which he had called the gent'eman from Penn-
sylvania to order.   He did not cons.der the re-
marks of the gentleman in relation  to charges of
extravagance, etc. as at all pertinent to the subject  !
then before the committee,  which was a private   i
bill.   If the gentleman had been suffered to go on,   |
then those who might consider themselves implica-   j
" ted by the charges,  would claim a right to reply;
and thus a debate would arise on a subject diffe-
rent to that before th"m, and the discission would
be on the prodigality of the Administration, instead
of the present bill.
Some conversation cf a desultory character en-
* sued, ia which Mr. PETRIKIN, m answer to a
question, said he had mentioned no gent'eman's
name in bis remarks, but had merely referred, in
a general way, to what bad been said, etc.
The question "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand 1" was then taken by teller.*, and resulted—
ayes 34, ntes 80—no quorum voting.
Some conversation ensuing, to the effect that
there was evHenily a qnoium in ihe hall,
The CHAIR said he was willing to consider his
decision a° reversed.                                         _
,       So Mr Pj-trikim w?s h order.
The bill, b> general coasent.wa/, t'jen laid aside
for fuiure ac inn.
The coram tt*>e then acted on several other bills
pntjl the hour arrived lot taking the usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
The bills reported from the Committee of the
Whole in the morning session, were respectively
dispe sed of as indicated below.
The bill for the relief of the assignees of Low,
Tavlorand Co. was postponed till Friday next.
The following bills from the Senate having been
ens ro«sed, were read the third time and passed:
An act for the relief of John H. Sheppard,admi-
nistrator of Abiel Wood;
An act for the relief of A. G. S. Wright;
An ac* to confirm the title to a certain tract of
land in the county of Mobile, in Alabama; and
An act for the relief of Joseph Cochran.
Bills of the House of the following titles having
been engrossed according to order, were respec-
tively read the third time and passed, viz:
A bill for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of Thomas Atkinson, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Saunders and Porter,
sureties of Estes;
A bill to authorize the payment of the seven  i
years' half pay, due on account of the death of '
Captain William Gregory, to the person or persons
entitled to the same;
A bill to authorize the payment of seven years'
half pay of a lieutenant, due on account of the
death of Lieutenant Jonathan Die, who was killed
m the battle of Brandy wine;
A bill for the relief of Oliver Welsh;
A bill confirming the claim of Augustin Lacoste
to a certain tract of land therein named;
A bill for the relief of Pierre Molaison, the wi-
dow of Pierre Rtchoux, Alex. Comeau, A'ice L.
Foley, widow of John Foley, and Francis Martin;
A bill for the relief of Chilton Allan;
A bill for the relief of certain ¡¡etilers on the silt-
lick reservation in the western district of Tennes-
see;
A bill for the relief of William Marbury, of Lou-
isiana;
A bill for the relief of Mary Perfect;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Stephen John-
son, deceased;
A bill for the relief of General Duncan L.
Clinch;
A bill for the relief of the suret;es of, and heirs
and representatives of Melanctoa Bostwick,
deceased;
A bill for Ihe relief of John H. Genther;
A bill for the relief of E izabeth Davidson;
A bill ■ for the relief of ihe representatives of
William Lomax;
A bill for the relief of Jacob Bocker;
A bill for the relief of Jabez Collins;
A bill for the relief of Phebe Deckman;
A b>U for the relief of James Phelps;
A bill granting a pens on to Catharine Allen;
A bill for the relief of J  hn England;
A bill for the relief of James D¿atley;
A bill for the relief of Hugh Davis;
A bill granting a pension to Chauncy Rice.
House bill to refund a fine imposed on Matthew
Lyon, under the sedition law, to his heirs and legal
representatives, having been reported from the
Committee of the Whole without amendment;
On motion of Mr. RUSSELL its further consi-
deration was postponed till Friday next.
Mr. REYNOLDSsubsequently moved to recon-
sider the vote on ihe postponement, and some dis-
cussion arose on the motion: the further considera-
tion of the subject lies over under the rule.
The following bills were reported from the Com-
mittee without amendment, and having been or-
dered to be engrossed, were postponed for further
consideration till to-morrow, viz:
A bill for the relief of Joseph Wallace and the
heirs and representatives of Robert Leckie and Je-
rem ah D. Havden, deceased;
A bill for ihe relief of Benjamin Fry; and
A b 11 ior tt,e relief of" Gen. Danl. Parker.
The bt 1 for the relief of Alexander Everett,
which was amended in Commit ee of the Whole
on the motion of Mr. PETRIKLV, was taken up
in he House, and the said amendment having been
concurred in, and the bill, according to order, hav-
ing been engrossed, was read the thiid time, and
passed.
The bill for the relief of Hyacinth Lassell,
which was amended in the Committee of the
Whole on the motion of Mr. PETRIKIN, so as
to restrict the grant of land to such as was subject
to private entry, was taken up in ihe House, the
amendment was concurred in, and the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed.
Mr. CTJSHIlN'G, who voted to concur in the
amendment of the committee, moved to reconsider
that vote; wh'ch moiion
Mr. WICK was proceeding to support in some
remarks; consequently the bill, under the rule, was
laid over for future consideration.
On motion of Mr. RUSSELL, the House again
went into Committee of the Whole (Mr. Briqos in
the chair;) and the committee having considered
many bilN, and passed others,
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the committee
rose and reported the following to the House, with-
out amendment:   [For which see nextcolumn.J
Mr. TURNEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to second the call for the
previous question on the pre-emption ^bill during
the morning session.
The CHAI 11 suggested that such amotion would
not be in order.
Mr, CASEY argued that, before such a motion
could possibly be in order, the House would first
have to reconsider to vote subsequently taken re-
fus ng to commit the bill; and
After a few remarks by Messrs. R. GARLAND,
TURNEY, CASEY, and BRIGGS,
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman could ac-
complish his motion, if it was his wish to take the
bill out of its present position before the House, and
to delay action upon it, to move to reconsider too
motion refusing to enmmit the bill, and then move
to postpone the bill to some future time.
Mr. TURNEY then made a motion to reconsider
the vote refusing to commit ths bill; which was en-
tered.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS,
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, May 23,1840.
After the reading of the Journal,
The SPEAKER suggested to the House the pro-
priety of dispensing with the business of the morn-
ing hour, for the purpose of disposing of all the
business on the Speaker's table. It would prevent
much inconvenience to the Speaker; to which sug-
gestion the Hou*e absented.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked the House to ex-
cuse him from further service on the Committee
of Privileges, growing out of the difficulty between
Messrs. R. Garland and Btndm; which request
the House, however, refused.
Mr; LINCOLN, fr m the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, by general consent, report-
ed back to the Home Senate bill in relation to the
statue of Washington, by Greenougb, with an
amendment, substituting the words "Secretary of
the Navy" for the words •' Committee on the
Library;" which amendment was concurred in, and
the bill was read the third time and passed.
The SPEAKER announced that the next busi-
ness in order was the motion of Mr. Coshins to re-
consider the vote on yesterday, by which the House
concurred in the amendment of the Committee of
the'Whole, to the bill for the relief of Hyacinth Las-
sell, and subjecting the grant of land in said bill to
be located on such of the public land as was sub-
ject to private entry.
Mr. WICK went into a history of the claim,
and advocated the motion for reconsideration.
Mr. PETRIKIN was opposed, to the motion to
reconsider, and spoke in support of his amend 
meat, which was adopted by the Committee of the
Whole. He doubted wheiher the claimant should
have any land at all, instead of gianting him a
float to locate the best lands in small parcels at
different points.
Mr. WICK had no objection to confine the float
so as to have all the land locatedinone body.
The question was then taken on the motion to
reconsider, and disagreed to.
The bill now stands on its' engrossment.
The next before the House wa  the motion to
reconsider the *ot« postponing till Friday next tte
