410
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bill to refund a fine imposed on the late Matthew
Lyon, under the sedition law, to his heirs and legal
representatives.
jMessrs. RUSSELL and L. WILLIAMS hoped
the motion to reconsider would not prevail.
Mr. TURNEY advocated the reconsideration,
and moved the previous question, which was se-
conded; and the main question hav.ng been order-
ed, was taken, and resulted—ayes 79, noes 46.
The vote having been reconsidered, the question
again recurred on the motion to postpone the bill to
Friday next, which was disagreed to; and the bill
now stands on the calendar on its engrossment.
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky moved to suspend the
rules, to enable him to offer a resolution in relation
to gag bills, and in relation to Executive patronage
and Federal officers, and on that motion demanded
the yeas and nays.
Mr. R. GARLAND hoped he would not press
such a resolution at that time, inasmuch as it
would excite discussion, and embarrass the action
on the private bills.
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky persisted in his m«-
tion.
Mr. RAMSEY moved to lay the motion to sus-
pend the rules on the table.
Mr. PROFFTT demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay on the table, and agreed to.
PRE-EMPTION BILL.
The question next in order was the motion of
Mr. Turhey to reconsider the vote by which the
House refused to commit the bill to the Committee
of the Whole, granting pre-emption rights to set-
tler on the public lands-.
Mr. TURNEY moved to postpone the considera-
tion of the above motion to reconsider until after
the Sub-Treasury bill was disposed of.
Mr. CASEY said the object of the motion thus
to postpone must be to defeat the bill. He wanted
to know who were thus indirectly in favor of de-
stroying the bill, and therefore called for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and were—yeas 17,
nays 140.
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Beirne, Bymim, Connor, Dawson,
Dennis, James Garland, Goggin, Hall, Hawkins, Hill uf Vir-
ginia, Hill of North Carolina, Hunt, McKay, Mason, Mont-
gomery, Nisbet, Ramsey, Russell, Samuels,Steenrod, Turney,
and Wu —17.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Alford, John W. Allen, Andrews,
Barnard, Beatty, Bell, Black, Bond, Boyd, Bnggs, Brockway,
Albert G. Brown, Burke, S. H. Butler, W O Builer, Calhoun,
Wm. B Campbell, Carr, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Chmn,
Clark, Clifford, James Cooper, Wm. R. Cooper, Crabb, Craig,
Cranston, Crary, Crockett, Cross, Curtis, Cushing, Dana,
Davee, Edward Danes, John Dans, Garret Davis, Deberry,
Dickerson, Dellet, Doan, Doig, Eastman, Edwards, Ely,
Everett, Fine, Fletcher, Floyd, Rice Garland, Gerry, Goode,
Graham, Green, Gnnnell, Habersham, Hammond, Hand W.
S. Hastings, John Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Hillen, Hoffman,
Hook, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, James, Jenifer, Charles
Johnston, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Kempshall, Kille,
Leadbetter, Leonard, Lewis, Lincoln, Lowell, Lucas, McCarty,
McClellan, McCulloh, Mallory, Marchand, Marvin, Miller,
Mitchell, Monroe, Montanya, Morgan, Samuel W. Morris,
Newhard, Ogle, Osborne, Parnsh, Parmenter, Paynter, Petn-
kin. Pope, Prentiss, Promt, Randen, Reed, Reynolds, Rhett,
Ridgway, Edward Rogers, Ryall, Shaw, Simonton, Slade,
Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Stanly, Starkweather, Stone,
Strong, Stuart, Sumter, Swearingen, Sweney, Taliaferro,
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Tillinghast, To-
land, Triplet!, Trumbull, underwood, Vroom, D. D. Wagener,
Waiterson, Weller, Edward D. White, John White, Wirk,
Jared W. Williams, Thomas W Williams, Lewis Wil-
liams, and Joseph L   Williams—140
So the House refused to postpone.
Mr. CHAPMAN demanded the previous ques-
tion on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House refused to commit; which was seconded,
and the main question having been ordered; which
main question was, "Shall the vote be reconsi-
dered?"
Mr.  PROFFIT demanded the yeas and nays;
which having been ordered, were—yeas 59, nays 97.
YEAS—Messrs   Adams, Alford, John W  Allen, Andrews,
Atherton, Banks, Baker, Barnard,  Beirne, Bell, Bond, Bulls,
Bnggs,   Calhoun,   Coles,  Connor,   James Cooper, Cranston,
Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Diomgoale, Evans,
Everett, James Garland, Goggin, Goode,   Graham,  Graves,
Gnnnell, Hal!, William S  Hastings, Hawes, II iwkms, Hill
of Virginia,  Hill of North Carolina,   James, Charles John-
ston, Kemshall, Lincoln, McCarty, McKay, Mitchell, Monroe,
Montgomery, Morgan,   Ogle, Peck, Ramsey, Randolph, Reed,
Russell, Samuels, Simonton, Slade, Stanly, Storrs, Taliaferro,
Tillinghast, Toland, Triplett, Trumbull, Turney, Underwood,
Warren, John  White, Lewis William* and Wise—59.
NAYS—Messrs H. J Anderson, Beatty, Boyd, A.V. Brown,
Burke, Sampson H. Butler, William O. Butler, William B.
Campbell, (Carr, Carroll, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Chum,
Cltrt, Clifford, W. R. Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crary, Crockett,
Croifc-Ciwhing, Dana, Davee, Davies, John Davw, Dickerson,
Dellet, Doan, Doig, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Edwards, Ely,
Fine, Fletcher, Floyd, Rice Garland, Gerry, Giddings, Green,
Hand, J Hastings, Henry, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Na
thaniel Jones, Kille, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell,
Lucas, McClellan, McCulloch, Mallory, Marchand Miller,
Montanya, Samuel W. Mortis,Calvary Morris, Newhard, Par-
nsh, Paynter, Petrikin, Pope, Prentiss, Proffit, Randen,
Reynolds, Rhett,Ridgway, E Rogers, Ryall, Shaw, A Smith,
Jonn Smith, Thomas Smith, Starweather, Steenrod, Strong,
Stuart, Sumter, Sweanngen, Sweney, Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Vroom, David D. Wagener, Watterson, Weller, Ed. D. White.
Wick, Jared W. Williams, and Henry Williams—97
So the House refused to reconsider ihe vote; and
the bill accordingly stands the first business in
order on the Speaker's table, on its engrossment.
The following engrossed bills were then read the
third time and passed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Thomas Atkinson;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Wallace, and
the heirs and representatives of Robert Leckie and
Jeremiah D. Hayden deceased.
A bill for the relief of Hyacinth Lassel;
A bill for the relief of Alexander Everett;
A bill for the reliff of John H. Genthér;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Davidson; and
A bill amendatory of the act for the relief of
Gen. Duncan L. Clinch.
The following bills having been amended in the
Committee of the Whole, the amendments were
concurred in by the House, and the bills having
been engrossed for a third reading, were read the
third time, and passed, viz:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Michael Seit-
singer; and
A bill granting a pension to Leonard Smith.
The bills reported from the Committee of the
Whole, on jesterday afternoon session, and which
were not passed at that time, having been en-
grossed, were severally read the third time, and
passed, as follow?:
A bill for the relief of William Cuddeback;
A bill granting a pension to Elijah Foochee;
A bill for the relief o£ Elizabeth French;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Bailey;
A bill for the relief of Gorge Morns;
A bill adding the name of John Lathram to the
pension roll;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Mitchell;
A bill granting a pension to Reuben Murray;
A bill for the relief of Wealthy Baker;
A bill granting a pension to James Boylan;
A bill granting a pension to Leonard Smith;
A bill for the relief of Nathan Baldwin;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Oakley;
A bill for the relief of Ichabod Beardsley;
A bill for the relief of Jacob Adams;
A bill granting a pension to Elizabelh Case;
A bill for the relief of the administrator and heirs
of John Lindsey;
A bill for the relief cf Thurston Cornell;
A bill granting a pension to Martha Strong;
A bill granting a pension to Benjamin Price;
A bill grant ng a pension to James J. Coffin;
A bill for the relief of Conrad Widrig;
A bill res'oring the name of John Davis to the
pension roll;
A bill for the relief of James Francher of Ten-
nessee:
A bill for the relief of Tkomas Bennett;
A b.ll for the relief of John Lybrook;
A bill for the relief of David Mellen;
A bill for the relief of Ann Bloomfield;
A bill for the relief of Henry Bush;
A bill granting a pension to Israel Parsons;
A bill granting a pension to Philip Hartman;
A bill for the relief of Matthew Wiley;
A bill for the relief of Wm. York;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Austin;
A bill granting a pension to John Black;
A bill granting a pension to Helen Miller;
A bill granting a pension to Stephen Olney;
A bill for the relief of Wm. Andrews;
A bill granting a pension to CnnsUan Brougher;
A bill for the relief of Peter HedncL;
A bill for the relief of Erastus Pirnon.
A bill for the relief of William Neel;
A bill for the relief of Asenaih Campbell;
A bill for the relief of Peter A  Myers;
A bill for the relief of John Piper;
A bill for the relief of Job Wood;
A bill for the relief of Mary Hunter,
A bill for the relief of John Keeler,
A bill for the relief of Fielding Pratt;
A bill for the relief of James Fleming;
A bill fcr the relief of Samuel M. As,bury;
A bill granting a pension to Neil Shannon;
A bill for the relief of Elijah Blodget;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Collins;
A bill to restore to certain invalid and other pen-
sioners, the amount of pensions by them relin-
quished.
A bill for the relief of James Bailey;
A bill for the relief of Stephen Appleby;
A bill for the relief of Daniel W. Goings;
A bill for the relief of Hiram Saul;
A bill granting a pension to John H. Lincoln;
A bill for the relief of Jared Winslow;
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Davis;
A bill far the relief of Wm. Hughes;
A bill for the relief of James Cumming^;
A bill for the relief of John E. Wright;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Wilson;
A bill for the relief of Samuel B. Hugo,
A bill for the relief of Levi Johnston;
A bill for the relief of Barton Hooper;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Justice;
A bill for the relief of Gideon Sheldon;
A bill for the relief of Robert Frazier;
A bill for the relief of Myron Chapín;
A bill for the relief of Medod Cook;
A bill for the relief oí Lyman Bristol;
A bill for the relief of Charles Risley;
A bill for the relief of Pamela Brown;
A bill for the xelief of Sylvester Tiffany;
A bill for the relief of James Smith;
A bill for the relief of William Sloan;
A bill for the relief of Robert Whittle;
A bill tor the relief ef Joseph W. Knipe;
A bill for the relief of Levi M. Roberts;
A bill for the relief of Lyman N. Cook;
A bill granting a pension to Wm Butterfield;
A bill for the relief of George Hommill;
A bill for the relief of Jacob Euler;
A bill for the relief of David Wilson;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Brown;
A bill for the relief of Emanuel Srofe;
A bill for the relief of I^aac Boyd;
A bill for the relief of Wm. Bowman;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin McCulloch;
A bill for the relief of David A. Baldwin;
A bill for the relief of Lt. John Allison;
A bill for the relief of Levi Colmus;
A bill for the relief of Wm. Poole;
A bill for ihe relief of Josiah Strong;
A bill for the relief of Seneca Rider;
A bill for the relief of Peter W. Short;
A bill for the relief of Simeon Knight;
A bill for the relief of Robert Lucas;
A bill granting a pension to John Brown;
A bill lor the relief of Wilfred Knott;
A bill for the relief of Wm. Glover; and
A bill for the relief of Thomas Latham.
The bill for the relief of Mary Tucker came op
in its order, and,
On motion of Mr. R. GARLAND, its furtbw
cons'deration was postponed till Friday next.
The bill to refund a fine imposed on the Jale
Matthew Lyon, under the sedition law, to his heirs
and legal representatives, came up on its engross-
ment; when
Mr. RUSSELL moved to amend the bill by
stnkirg out ihe words "legal heirs," and inserting
"personal representatives."
Mr. TILLINGHAST asked if this was not a
bill to Tefnnda fine paid in 1799, and if the peti-
tion of the person who paid it had not, in his life-
time, betn repeatedly before Congress, and re-
jected; if it had not, in the course of forty years,
undergone repeated discussions in both Houses
without success? If so, he would move to lay the
subject on the table.
Mr. TURNEY asked Mr. T. to withdraw his
motion, and before he sat down, he would move
the previous question.
Mr. TILLINGHAST said, if any explanation
was desired, he would withdraw the motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. TURNEY then asked for the reading of the
report, which was read; after which, he moved the
previous question.
The following report was made on the subject of
