CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4U
the claim by Mr Tcrvby, from the Committee on
t!se Judiciary. The committee adopted the report
made by 'he same ccmmittee in 1832; which was
read to the House, as will be founj below. [That
the country may unders'and the merits of the case,
and may trace a history of the circumstances un-
der which the fine was imposed upon Matthew
Lyon; and that the h'S'ory of those times, and the
parties of those days may not be forgotten, the Re-
porter inserts the report at large ]
Tht Committee on the Judiciary to whom teas referred the
petition of Chittenden Lyon and Matthew Lyon, heirs
andrepresenta'ites of the late Matthew Lyon, deceased,
rtforti
That in llie month of October, 1793, the late Matthew Lyon,
the 'artier of the petitioners, at the circuit court held at Rutland,
in the Stale i.l Vermont, was indiued and lound guilty of ha v-
lag printed and published what was alleged to be a libel against
Mr. John Adams, the then President oi the United States.  The
alleged libel was in the following words, to wit: '-As to the Ex-
ecutive, when I shatl see the effects of that power bent on ti e
promotion of the comtort, the happiness, and accommodation
of the people, that Executive shall have my zealous and uni-
lorm sapport    Bui whenever I shall, on the part of our Exe-
cutive, see every consideration oi publu welfare swallowed up
■a a continual  grasp for power,   in  an   unbounded thirst
for  ridiculous   pomp,   foolish   adulation, and   selfish ava-
rwt—-when   I   shatl    behold   men   of   real   merit   daily
turned   out   office   lor   no    other    cause    than   indepen-
dency  of sentiment—when   I  shall  see   men  of firmness,
mem, years, abilities, and experience, discarded in their appli-
cation  (n office, for fear they possess that independence, and
■bib Ql meanness preferred lor the ease with which they can
lake up and advocate opinions, the consequence of which they
know but little of—when I shall Fee the sacred name of religion
«■ployed aa a State engine to make mankind hate and yerse-
cate each other, 1 shall not be their humble advocate!"'   The
aecood count in the indictment, on which the said Matthew Ly-
on was convicted, charged him with printing and publishing a
ndiuoua writing or libel, entitled "Copy of a letter from an
American diplomatic character in France (Mr. Joel Barlow) to
a member of Congress in Philadelphia," which was In the fol-
lowing words, to wit: "The misunderstanding between the two
Gerernments has become extremely alarming; confidence is
completely destroyed; mistrusts, jealousies, and a disposition
to  wrong attribution of motives, are so apparent as to require
the utmost caution m every word and action that are to come
from your Executive—I mean if your object is to avoid hostili
ties.   Had this truth been understood with you  before the re-
call ef Monroe—before   the coming  and  second   coming of
Piorkney; had it guided the pens that wrote the bullying speech
ot your President,  and  stupid answer  of your  Senate, at
the  opening   of   Congress   in   November   last,   I   should
probably   have   had    no    occasion    to   address   you   this
letter.    But   when   we   found   him   borrowing   the   lan-
guage of  Edmund  Burke,  and telling   the world that, al-
though he should succeed in treating with the French, there
wax no dependence to be placed in any of their engagements,
that their religion and morality were at an end, and they had
tamed piratea and plunderers, and that it would be necessary
to be perpetually  armed   against them, though you are   at
peace, we wondered that the answer of both Houses had not
bees an order to send htm to the mad house.   Instead of this,
the Senate have echoed the speech with more servility than
erer George the Third experienced from either House of ;Par-
banem."
The court deemed both the publications above recited libel-
lous, uniler the second section of the act commonly called the
■edition law, passed the 4th July, 1798; which section is as fol-
tews, vir "And be it further enacted. That if any person
■hail write, print, utter, or publish, or shall cause or procure to
te written, printed, uttered, or published, or shall knowingly
and wilfully assnt er aid in writing, printing, uttering, or pub
Inning, any false, scandalous, and malicious writing or
writings against the Government of the United States, or either
House of the Congress of the United States, or of the President
of lh« United State;, with an intent to defame thesaid Govern-
ment, or either House of the said Congress, or (he President, or
to br;nz them, or either of them, into contempt or disrespect, or
to excite against them, or either or any of them, the hatred of
the good people of the United States, &c then such person, be-
ing thereof convicted before any court of the United States hav-
ing jurisdiction thereof, shall be punished by a fine not exceed-
ing two thousand dollars, and by imprisonment not exceeding
two years."
Upon this indictment Matthew Lyon was convicted, and sen-
tenced by the court to beimpnsoned for four months;to pay afine
ol one thousand dollars, and the costs of the prosecution, taxed
at sixty dallan! and mnely-ux rents; and to stand committed un-
til the fine and costs were paid which were paid, as appears
by the exemplification of the record of the said trial arid pro-
ceedings, now in the archives of this House.
The commttee are of opimos, that the law above recited was
unconstitutional, null, and void, passed under a mistaken exer-
cise of undelegated power, and that the mistake ought to be
ccrrected by returning the fine so obtained, with interest there-
is, to the legit representatives of Matthew Lyon.
The comma ee do not deem it necessary to discuss at length
the character of that law, or to assign all the reasons, however
demonstrative, that have induced the conviction of its uncon-
stitutionality. Ño question connected with the liberty of the
piee ever excited a more universal and mten«e interest—ever
received so acute, able, long-eominued, and elaborate lnvesli-
gauon—was ever mere generally understood, or so conclusive-
ly settled by 'he concurring opinions of all parties, after the
heited political contestsof the dav had passed away. All that
now remains to be done by the Representatives of the people
who condemned this act of their agents as unauthorized, and
transcendí rig the  grant n( power, to place beyond question,
doubt, o cavil, that mand.."- of ihe Constitution prohibiting
Congress from abridging the I tcity of the pre* and to dis-
charge an honest, luí- mira1, and honorib'e obligation, is to
refund from the IV'asnry the fine thus illegally and wrongfully
obtained from or e nf th< ir citizen'- for which purpose the com
roittee herewith report a b II.
6lr. TILLINGHAST again adverted to  the
length of time which bad elapsed smce the claim
was first presented. A whole generation had
passed away since the claim was alleged to have
originated, and it was now impossible to ascertain
the true state of the facts, with any thing like satis-
faction. He therefore insisted on his motion to lay
on the table.
On this motion, Mr. HAND demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. TILLINGHAST wi'hdrew his motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. TURNEY moved the previous question on
the bill, which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered to be put, on which Mr. T. demanded
the yeas and nays.
And the question being first en the amendment,
Mr. TILLINGHAST renewed his motion to
lay on the table.
On this motion, Mr TURNEY demanded the
yeas and nays; which, being ordered, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Briggs, Cranston, Davies, Evans, Giddings,
Grinnell, Hall, Hawes, Hunt, Lincoln, Russell, Storrs, Tilling-
hast, Trumbull, and Lewis Williams—17.
NAYS—Messrs John W Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, An-
drews, Banks, Beatty, Bell, Bond, Boyd, Albert G Brown,
Burke, William O. Butler, Bynum, Calhoun, William B.
Campbell, Carr, Casey, Chapman, Chinn, Clark, Clifford,
Coles, Connor, William R. Cooper, Crabb, Oralg, Crary,
Crockett, Cross, Curtis, Dana, John Davis, Garret Davis,
Dawson, Deberry, Dickerson, Dellet, Doan, Doig, Duncan,
Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance, James
Garland, Rice Garland, Gentry, Gerry, Goggin, (Joode, Griffin,
Hammond, Hand, Hawkins, Henrv, Hill of Virginia, Hill of
North Carolina, Holleman, Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard,
Jackson, James, Jameson, Jenifer, Charles Johnston, Cave
Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Kempshall. Kille, Leadbetter,
Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, McClellan, McKay, Mallory, Mar-
chand, Mason, Miller, Monroe, Montanya, Morgan, Calvary
Morris, Newharc?, Ogle, Osborne, Parrish, Parmenter, Payn-
ter, Petnkin, Pope, Prentiss, Ramsey, Rariden, Reynolds,
Rhett, Ridgway, Edward Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Simon-
ton, Albert Smith, John Smith, Stanly, Starkweather, Steen-
rod, Strong, Stuart, Sumter, Sweney, Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Waddv Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Toland, Tnplett, Tur-
ney, Underwood, David D Wagener, Warren, Watterson,
Weller, Edward D. White, Wick, Jared W. Williams, and
Henry Williams—129.
So the House refused to lay on the table.
And the question then recurred on the first part
ot ihe mam question—being on ihe amendment to
strike out the words "legal heirs," and insert the
words "personal representatives "
Mr. TURNEY demanded the yeas and nays;
whxh having been ordered, were—yeas 44, nays
94, as fofows:
YEAS—Messrs. John W. Allen, Bell, Bond, Brockway, S,
H Butter, Calhoun, Wm. B Campbell, Caiter, Clark, Crabb,
Cranston, Curtis, Edward Davies, Evans, James Garland, Rice
Garland.Giddings, Goggin, Gteen, Hall, John Hill of Virginia,
Hunt, James, Charles Johnston, Kempshall, McKay, Blasón,
Ogle, Osborne. Randolph, Ridgway, Russell, Samuels, Simon
ton, ¿lode, Storrs, Taliaferro, VVaddy Thompson, Toland, Trip-
let!, Tjnderwood, , Warren, Edward D. White, and Lewis Wit-
hams—44
NAYS—Messrs. Hugh J Anderson, Banks, Beatty, Boyd,
Brewster, Burke, Wm O. Butler, Bynum Carr, Casey, Chap,
man, Chmn, Clifford, Coles, Connor, Wm R Cooper, Crary,
C-ockett, Dana, Davee, John Davis, Dawson. Debeiry, Doan,
Doig, Earl, Eastman, Edwards, Ely, Fine, Floyd, Fornance,
Gerry, Goode, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, Hawkins, Henry, John
Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, Heffman, Holleman, Hopkins,
Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel
Jones. KiUe, Leadhe ter, Leonard, Lewie, McClellan, McCul-
loch, Mallory, Merchand, Miller, Montanya, Morgan, Calvary
Morns, Newhard, Parrish, Pa menter, Payntcr, Petnkin, Pren
tiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rhett, Edward Rogers, Shaw, Shepard,
Albert Smith, John Smith,Thomas emith, Stanly, Starkweather,
Steeurod, Strong, Sumter, Sweanngen, Sweney, Taylor, Fran-
cis Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, David D. Wagener,
Watterson, Weller, Wisk, Jared W. Williams, and Henry
Wilhams-94.
The qaestion then being on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for its third reading, it was taken by
yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Mesare. J. W. Allen, Hugh J Anderson, Andrews,
Banks, Beatty, Betrne, Bed, Boyd, Albert G Brown, Burke,
Samoson H. Butler, William O Butler, Bynum, Calhoun,
W B. Campbell, Cair, Carter, Casey.Chaprnan, Chinn, Clark,
Clifford, Coles, Connor, William R Cooper, Crabb, Crary,
Crockett, Cross, Dana, D ivee, John Davis, Dickerson, DeBett,
Doan, Doig, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fletcher,
Floyd, Fornance, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gerry, Gog-
gin, Goode Green, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, Hawkins Henry,
Hill of Virginia, Hill of Noilh Carolina, Holleman,
Holmes, Hopkins, HowaidJIubbard, Jackson. James, Jameson,
Charles Johnston, Nathaniel Jones, Kemble, Kempshall, Kille,
Leadbetter, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, McClellan, McCulloch,
Mallory, Marchand, Mason, Miller, Montanya, S. W. Morris,
Newhard, Ogle, Osborne, Parish, Parmenter, Petnkin, Pope,
Prentiss, Ramsey, Re>nolds, Rhett, Rulgway, Edward Rogers,
Samuels, Shaw, Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith,
Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Stuart, Sumter, Sweanngen,
Sweney, Tayloi, Francis Thomas, Waildy Thompson, Jacob
Thompson. Tnplett Turney, Underwftbd, David D. Wegener,
Warren, Watterson, Weller, John White, Wick, Jared W.
Williams,and Henry WilliarnB—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Bond, Briggs, Cranston, Curtis, Davies, De-
, berry, Evans, Grinnell, Habersham, Hawes Ogden Heffman,
1 Jenifer, Lincoln, McKay, Morgan, Rajner, Unwell  Study 
Storrs, Taliaferro, TUlinghast, Trumbull, and Joseph L. Wil-
liams—20.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. RUSSELL then moved to postpone  the
further consideration of the bill until Friday next.
He alluded to the great leDgth of time which had
elapsed since the date of the claim, say 1798; and
considering that, asked what gentleman there was
who would undertake to say that we could have
any thing like a correct knowledge of the occur-
rences of that time. Generations had passed away,
and now, when after the lapse of so many years,
we were called upon to act upon the claim, was it
not proper that we should obtain as correct informa-
tion as possible?   What was ihe information which
the House had before it, and on which it was asked
to grant this claim?   Why, we were obliged to rely
on the frail memory of man for the evidence in re-
lation lo it.   But were there no other w urces from
which better information could be obtained?   Cer-
tainly   there was.   By a reference to the papers at
the Treasury Department, it could be ascertained
whether Government ever received this money or
not.   He wished to cast no imputation oq the gen-
tlemen who supported the bill; but if it should, upon
investigation, turn out that this money had never
been realized by Government, who was there, he
would ask, who wou.d vote for Mich a claim?
What gentleman wonld, under such circumstances,
vote for the passage of the bill? He was sure iheie)
vote, was not a single man who would give his,
if it could be shown that the money had never been
received by the Government.   Now his informa-
tion was, and he believed it to be correct, that the
money never had been paid into the Treasury, and
that not a single dollor had eyer been received by
Government.   He believed the facts in the report,
in relauon to the conviction and imprisonment of
Matthew  Lyon, were   true;   and, also, that   the;
amount of the fine was raised by  his political
friends, and the money was deposited with  the
marshal, in whose custody he was.   But, on Mr.
Jefferson's coming into power, and before toe mo-
ney was paid into the Treasury, he believed the
fine was remitted, and returned to the source from
whence it came. New what he wanted was, proper
time to examine into the real state of the  facts,
and it was for this reason he wished the farther
consideration of the bill postponed until Friday
next.
Mr. BUTLER of Kantucky wished to make a
few brief remarks in relation to the merits of this
bill. It had been said that, in all probability, the
money had never been received by the Govern-
ment, and that it had been returned. That, tie
believed, was not the state of the case. It was not
true that the bill had ever been rejected. Oa the
contrary, it had been reported by committees from
year to year, all oí which reports were in favor of
the claim.
But there was one fact which would serve lo
show on what erroneous grounds gentlemen would
sometimes base theit arguments against bills of this
character. Tbe gentleman had .caid that the fine
was remitted when Mr. Jefferson came into power,
whereas the money was paid when Lyon was ¡H
jail, in 1799, nearly three years before; and could
it be presumed that the marshal kept the money m
his hands all that time? If the gentleman had bees
so informed, he was very much mistaken  He
was ture that no evidence could be brought to show
that the fine bad been remitted; and on the other
side, there was abundant testimony lo show that it
had been paid, no matter whether by Lyon himself
or by his friends. He appealed to the House
whether it was not a disgrace to the country that a
claim of this character had remained unpaid fer
the lapse of so many years. Bui he saw iheobjeej
of the gentleman in wishing to postpone it. His
object was to kill it by time, in -which way it hail
been the practice to kill other bills, when no gadi
reason could be assigned agam^t their pa*a# .
He repeated, that there was abundant testimony to
show that the fine bad been paid, but there was no
evidence to show that it had been returned.
But the gentleman had said a great deal about
the money having been P ?4 W «** ^^fUtl
■ Lyon. Now of whateonsecraenee was that? What
j did il,matter, and Hw #>"fl il affect *• case  ***
