412
ther the money had been paid by Lyon himself or
his friends?
Mr. TURNEY, after alluding to the great num-
ber of years which this claim had been suffered to
remain unacted upon, asked whtther, during the
lapse of all that time, such a ground of opposition
had been taken before? Of all the reports which
had been made on the subject, none ever attempted
to deny that the money had been received by Go-
vernment. The only ground of opposition had
been that the money was raised by the friends of
Matthew Lyon instead of himself, and that if it
were r paid, it would go into the hands of those
who had paid nothing. Now the question was not
whether the money had been raised by Lyon or his
friends; the question was whether Government
could conscientiously retain money in the Treasury
paid under such circumstances. As was stated by
his friend from Kentucky, it was not likely ihat a
fine paid in 1798 would be remitted by Jefferson
thr«e years afterwards, in 1801. It was not likely
that the officer would have kept the money in his
hands all the time, without paying it into the
Treasury. If the fine had ever been remitted, the
fact would be shown in some way or o'her. For
bis part he had not the least idea hat that the money
was paid into the Treasury, and has been used by
Government from that day to this. But if, after
this bill should pass, it should be made to appear
that Mr. Lyon did receive back the money, then
if no genileman would move a reconsideration, he
would certainly do it himself, in order to retain the
bill in the House. Of that, however, he had no
idea.
Mr. RICE GARLAND, after some preliminary
remarks, said that when this bill had been under
consideration in 1832, the committee applied to the
Treasury Department to ascertain whether or not
the money had ever been paid into the Treasury,
and a letter in reply, directed to the H¡-n. W. R.
Davis, stated that the books of the Treasury De-
partment offered no such evidence that the money
had ever been received.
Mr. SMITH of Maine was surprised to hear
gentlemen say that they would not vote for this bill,
unless there was evidence to show that the money
had been paid into the Treasury.   Now that fact
did not operate with him a single straw.   Could
gentlemen believe that a man who had been con-
victed under that law,  and sentenced under that
law, had not paid the penalty, whether it went into
the Tieasury or no ?   But the gentlemen who op-
posed this bill, talked about "living witnesses," and
our having to depend on the "frail memory of
man." Now, in our legislative transactions, almost
every day, did we not act upon, and place imphcit
reliance on the same kind of evidence?   There
were a great many facts on which the gentleman
himself was fully satisfied supported by the same
kind of evidence.   But the gentleman complained
that there was no evidence m the Treasury De-
partment that the money had  ever been   paid.
What, he would ask, was the absence of such tes-
timony to outweigh the evidence of twenty witnesses
that the money had bean paid, no matter whether
it ever reached the Treasury or not?
But the gentleman had said that he bad evidence,
satisfactory to his own mind, that the fine had been
remitted.   Now, on what kind of evidence had he
lvlied, to support his opinion that the fine had been
remitted?   Was it not derived from "living wit-
nesses," if at all? for there was no record in the
Treasury Department to show that the money had
ever been repaid; so  that the gentleman who re-
fused to act upon evidence derived from the "frail
memory of man," in favor of the bill, would, it
seemed, take that same kind of evidence aeainst it.
Another objection was that the money had been
paid by the friends of Matthew Lyon    Now what
did that amount fo?   How coaid it affect the ca e,
so far as we were concerned,  whether the  money
was raised by Lyon hims*lf, or his friends.? If, how-
ever, it had been rai*ed by his friend-!, that fact
told a great deal in his favor, as the fact of his hav-
ing such friends, who expended their own money
for his release, was strong evidence of the injustice
of the sentence, and of the character of Lyon him-
self, which could thus  induce them to  act  so
promptly in his favor.    Por his own part, he did
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not believe there had ever been a claim before the
House which was supported by more satisfactory
evidence. Here this claim had bean before Con-
grets a long series of years, and had been reported
numbers of times, after undergoing the most rigid
scrutiny; and was that fact to have no weight?
Why, the very fact of the bill having passed
through the strict scrutiny of the Commitiee of
Claims, was of itself almost conclusive evi-
dence that it ought te pass.
But the House had not only been told so once,
but they had been thus assured twenty ti-oes, that
this was a just claim. Now how did the genile-
man propose to act? Why, in the face of all this
evidence, his cry was, that we had not sufficient
time, and that the bill must be postponed until Fri-
day next. This was probabl/ the same cry at the
last session, and at a'l previous sessions, when it
was found that noth ng el*e could be said against it.
If this bill should be deferred until Friday, ihe pro-
bability was that it would not come up again dur-
ing the session, and then, at the next session, it
would come again in the jam of a mass of other
bills, and very likely would not be reached until the
end of the session; and thus it would, as had been
well observed, be ki led by time, and nothing else.
And thus it was that gentlemen proposed to deal
with righteous and just claims. He hoped, how-
ever, that justice would prevail, and that the bill,
which had been delayed so many years, would pass
now. There was abundant evidence to show that
the money had been paid, but there was none to
show that it had been repaid.
Mr. BRIGGS said he should vote for the post-
ponement.   The letter just read by the gentleman
from Louisiana showed  that the money had not
gone into the Treasury.   If so, that was sufficient
reason for taking time to examine how the case
stood.     There   was  at least   presumptive   evi-
dence that   the  money had   been   repaid,   if it
had   ever  been   paid   at   all.     He   would   re-
mind gentlemen that this transaction took place
at ihe clo*e of the Administration of the elder
Adams, who was succeeded by Jefferson, and, with
him, a revolution in public opinion.   It was well
known   'hat  Jefferson   remitted   all   unexecuted
judgments founded upon the sedition law.    But
what answer could gentlemen make to this?   If
Matthew Lyon paid the money, why did  he not
come before the Congress that succeeded?    Why
had a period of twenty-five years been suffered to
elapse before the claim was presented?   If Lyon
had paid the money, was it not to be inferred that
he would have come before  the very next Con-
gress and demanded  n stituuon? and when a ma-
jority in both Houses of his political friends would
have been quick to restore the money.    It might be
said, however, that the party to which Lj on be-
longed, had conscientious scruples on the subject.
But a reference to the acts of Jefferson and the Con-
gress at that time, showed that they bad no such
scruples.   Mr. B. concluded by saying that the
fact cf no claim being presented to that   Con-
gress, was presumptive evidence that there was no
claim to make.   He would therefore vote in favor
of theposponement,so that the true facts might be
known.
Mr. JAMESON said the only question was,
whether the money had been paid. Of that, in his
mind, there could be no doubt. It was true, the
claim had not been presented fer a number of
years, but that was probably owing to the pride of
Lyon, which kept him from applying sooner, and
it was only when poverty compelled him, that he
at last presented his claim He himself then peti-
tioned, and the facts are, that he paid the money.
Five or six committees have reported that the
money has never been repaid to him, and that was
sufficient. With these views, and believing that
the bill ought to be passed at once, he moved the
previons question; but subsequently withdrew it at
the request of
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON, who wished to
say a few words on the subject. It did seem to him
that the House, in rejecting this bill on the suppo-
sition that the money had not been paid, and that,
too, in opposition to the reports of its own com-
mittees, would establish a precedent, which would
be found to be extremely inconvenient.  The great
object in referring it to a committee had been to
ascertain that fact, and after the report had been
made, he for one would not undertake to question
ihe reprrt, unless the evidence to the contrary
should be very s'rong indeed. How very strong
was the evidence in favor of its claim. It had
been the subject of numerous reports, only two of
which were adverse to it; it had been before Con-
gress for twenty years, and yet, after this long
period, for the first time, this new objection was
started, "that the money had never been paid. 
Out of all the reports, there had been but two ad-
verse to it, and even in those not the slightest itn,
putation was made, that the money had not been
paid.
The hour having arrived, the House took its
usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess—
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON was about to re.
sume his remark', when he gave way to
Mr. LINCOLN, who wished to say a few words
in explanation of the vote he gave in the morning
against the bill.
After some remarks in relation to the Alien and
Sedi ion law*, which were not heard by the Re.
porter, Mr. L. proceeded to say, that among other
things he desired to be understood by his constitu-
ents was, that one motive for voting against the
bill was induced by the constructive principle which
will alone protect the Treasury and the country,
and which would always induce him to vote
against appropriations, unless the reasons were suf.
ficiently strong to warrant him in supporting them.
In what situation, said Mr. L. was I placed this
morning, when I was called upon to vote on a
question, which it appears has been argued hereto-
fore in the councils of this nation, and on which a
difference of opinion had existed among the men
who had given direction to those councils?
How stood the case? Why, the bill which had
been committed to a Committee of the Whole fot
the express purpose of debate, had been reported
from the committee without any opportunity for
debate.
Messrs. TURNEY and BRIGGS here made some
explanation as to the reasons for reporting the
bill.
Mr. LINCOLN resumed. He said he did art
mean to complain of the conduct of any gentleman;,
but his object in rising was simply to give the rea-
sons why he could not vote for the bill; and the
fact of its being reported from the Committee of
j the Whole, without opportunity for debate, wis
one of those reasons. He wished his reasons to be
j understood by his old Republican friends at home,
Í that bis objections were founded on strict Democra-
! tic principies. He would repeat, that one reason
why he had voted against the bill was, that there
was no opportunity for discussing and understand-
ing the merits of a bill, which made a claim in re-
lation to an event forty-two years ago, and which
proposed to take thousands of dollars from the
Treasury. The bill had been referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole, for ihe purpose of having its
merits discussed, and yet it had so happened, that
it was taken out of committee, by misapprehension,
without any opportunity for getting the information
that was sought. That was yesterday; and the
first thing this morning the bill was presented for
engrossment, and the previous question asked, and
ordered.
He appealed to gentlemen aad to the country
whether it was right to call on him, a new mem-
ber, to vole to take three or four thousand dollar 
from the public Treasury, when there had not beei
the slightest opportunity for discussing the merit 
of the claim. He was perfectly willing to go to
the country on this question, and in the posiuoa
he had taken. He a'so appealed to those gentli*
men who had voted in favor of the bill, whether it
was their duty so to do, before they had fully and
faiily di'cu*sed the matter, and satisfied them-
1 selves that the claim was one of debt ana of law.
He wiaied to be understood as having no objection
to any just claim, and if, after it had been satisfac-
torily shown that this Matthew Lyon, or his heirs, .
were fairly entitled to the money, he would be one |
of the first to grant it,
