CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
This was the defence for the vote he had giren.
Bat he woald not rest it there. He was one of
those who would ever take the responsibility of a
negative vote, whenever he conld not, for want of
sufficient and satisfactory knowledge, give an af-
firmative one. But if this money had been paid
by Lyon in 1798, was it not to be inferred that,
when Jefferson came into power, it would have
been restored? Then are we not bound to infer
that full and prompt justice would have been done,
and that the money which had been wrested fivm
the pockets of a citizen would be restored? Was
it likely that the administration of Mr. Jefferson
would have refused that justice, which we now,
forty years afterwards, were called upon to render?
Were we now more Democratic, or more jealous
than they?
In adverting to the alien and sedition laws, Mr.
L. in the couise of his temarks, was understood to
say, that although he was not so old as tho<e recol-
lections would seem to imply, yet he had learned a
great deal from the history of his country, and what
had come down to him from his forefathers, who
with himself had ranked among the true Demo-
cracy of the country, until 1835, when he believed
he ceased to be endorsed by the gentleman from
Maine as any longer a true Republican, but a de-
generate branch from a true vine. Notwithstand-
ing this, however, he believed he was still a¿ true a
Republican in integrity of heart as they were.
Mr. W. THOMPSON of South Carolina here
claimed the floor, as he thought the gentleman
would, after the evidence he was about to give, be
perfectly satisfied that the bill ought to pass. He
claimed the floor for the object of saving his friend
from exerting his acknowledged power against the
bill. After he should have made his remarks, he
woald venture to say that there was not a single
nan upon that floor who would vote against the
bill. He wonld pledge himself that after hs had
done, no one would be found who would question
the fact that the money had been paid, and that it
had not been refunded.
How stands this matter? Why, a man who
ranked among the patriots of his country, who was
cast into prison under an odious law—one who de-
served a monument, ana had it in the heart of
every true man, and who sfoorl up, one in ten thou-
sand, against power and corruption, yet this man
was entitled to no thanks from those who came
after him. Here was a man, who, like the illus-
trious patriot of England, John Hampden, had
stood up against power in high p'aces, for which
be bad suffered ignominy, and been thrust into the
cell of a felon, and yet, in these times, objection
was mad* to remunerating his heirs, because
the man had been too poor to pay the fine
himself. That country must be base, in-
deed, which would sanction such a plea. That
country no longer deserved to be free which
would deny jas tice to a «offering patriot on
such grounds. In all the reports which had been
nade, it had never been denied that the money
was paid. Yet gentlemen, at this late period,
thought proper to start that objection, and upon ru-
mor, mere floating rumor, bad expressed their be-
lief that it had never been paid. But the opposition
of gentlemen was not consistent, for, first, it was
contented that the money was not paid at all; and,
second, that the money had been raised by Lyon's
friends, and that, on that ground, the bill ought
not to pass. But were we to legislate in this kind
of a way, where was the use of our referring sub-
jects of this nature to committees, if we paid no
regard to the reports ef those committees. Yet the
reports of committees were disregarded, and reli-
ance placed on mere rumor that the money had
not been paid. Mr. T. here produced a copy of
the sentence of Matthew Lyon to four months' im-
prisonment and a thousand dollars fine, with costs,
and which required that he should stand committed
until the sentence had been complied with. He
also produced a copy of the order of the President
of the United States to the marshal of Vermont,
requiring him to keep Lyon in custody until the
fine and costs were paid. Yes (said Mr.
T.) to keep him in jail until he rotted, unless
rae money should be paid. Mr. T. then produced
a copy of the certificate from the marshal that the
terms of the sentence had been complied with, and
that Matthew Lyon was consequently discharged.
Thi<was dattd the 9th  of February,  1799,  four
mon'hs after ths sentence had been passed.   Now,
said Mr. T. will any one say that the marshal had'
a right to discharge Matthew Lyon before the terms
of the sentence had been complied with?   Will any
one suppose for a moment that the officer dared to
discharge him before the fine was paid?   But gen-
tlemen contended that this money never came into
the Treasury.   What had that to do with the qjes-
lion?    If the marshal had not done his duty by not
forwarding the money to the Treasury,  was that
any reason why Matthew Lyon should not have
justice? Would gentlemen contend, because Swart-
wout had abscended with Government money, that
the merchants of New York were bound  to pay
over again the duties on their good??   Certainly
not.   Then he was surprised to hear gentlemen
argue that because it was doubtful whether this
fine was ever paid into the Treasury, justice should
not be d«ne to this patriot.    As for the fine having
been remitted, what evidence was there to lead to
such a belief?   He apprehended that Mr. Adams
did not remit the fine; there   could   be   no rea-
son  for supposing that; and as for its being re-
mitted by Mr. Jefferson, was it likely that a fine
paid in 1799, would be remitted three years after-
wards, in 18011   Here were the terms ot the sen-
tence, condemning Lyon to four months' imprison-
ment and a fine of $1,000, with costs; and here,
too, was the certificate of the officer that the  terms
of the sentence had been complied with, and that
the man was accordingly discharged-   The date of
the commitment was the  10th of October, 1798,
and the date of the certificate February 9, 1799—
just four months, the peiiod of imprisonment d:-
signated.   Now what could gentlemen want more
to satisfy them that the money had been paid?" But
to show the great danger there was in taking only
e* parte testimony in such cases, he would advert
to the paper read by his friend from Louisiana,
[Mr. R. Garland,] which stated that there was no
record in the Treasury Department of the money
having been received.     That paper was a letter
addressed to the Hon. Warren  R. Davis, than
whom a man with a purer heart and a better head
never lived.   Now what did Mr. Davis say in his
report on the subject?   Why, in speakins of the
money, he said, "which was paid, as appears by
the archives of the proceedings," eic.     How dan-
gerous   was   it,   then,   to   take   a   single   scrap
of testimony,   without   embracing   the   whole.
The   gentleman   from   Louisiana   himself   dis-
covered    his    error,    and    with    a    prompti-
tude   which   did  him    much   credit,   furnished
to him (Mr. T.) the certificates he had just read.
He gave the gentleman from Louisiana great credit
for his conslant vigilance in watching over the inte-
rests of the country; but it was evident to all that
there was great danger in relying upon ex parte testi-
mony.   Now, after what he had read, would any
gentleman  get  up  and defend the Government
against this claim?   Would any one say that this
Lyon could be discharged without payment of his
fine, any more than a defendant who had been
committed for debt, without payment of that debt?
Here was the testimony of Mr. Davis in his report,
speaking of the money as having been  paid, and
also the certificate of the marshal to show that the
fine had been exacted from this patriot, who dared
to stand up for those great rights which Milton
praised as above all others which man could enjoy,
viz: the right to speak, to write, or to publish.    It
was nothing to us how the money was raised to
pay that fine—whether it was raised by a prize in
the lottery, or by a subscription among hi* frieno's.
The fact was, the money had been paid.   But (said
Mr. T.) if there was no other way of getting rid of
the money, I would bum it, rather than it should re-
main to polluie the Treasury any longer. The coun-
try ought to be glad of any excuse of getting rid of
money wrung from the pockets of a patriot by such
an odious law.   If no other way could be found to
dispose of it, it would be far better to burn it, ra-
ther than it should remain to pollute the Treasury.
And if I were at all inclined to be superstitious, I
should believe that all the evils which have affect-
ed the country since 1799, may be attributed to the
odious fine being deposited in the Treasury. Mr.
T. concluded by hoping that no further opposition
would be made to the bill, as there could be no one
but who believed that the law under which the
fine was imposed was a violation of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. WELLER believed with the gentleman
from South Carolina, that the alien and sedition
law was a violation of the Constitution, but at the
same time he believed there were those in the coun-
try who believed it to have been in strict accord-
ance with the Constitution. If he remembered
correctly, he thought he had read a very long argu-
ment, by a gentleman now a member of the House,
in favor of ihat law. The gentleman from South
Carolina had said enough to satisfy every one that
the bill ought to pas , and the only question to be
decided was, whether ths monev had been paid.
If the money had been paid by Mat'hew Lyon, it
seemed to follow as a matter of course that it ought
to be repaid. He believed with the gentleman,
that the Treasury ought no longer to be contami-
nated—no, not for a single day, by money drawn
from the pockets of a patriot, and placed in tis
vaults.
It would not do for gentlemen to say that the
money never reached the Treasury, and make
that an excuse. If the money had been paid over
to the officer, and that officer squandered it, was
that any reason why Matthew Lyon should suffer?
Because evidence did not appear in the Trejsury
Department that the money had been received, was
that ro overthrow the great mass of testimony which
appeared, that the money had%been paid by Lyon?
Was it not just that the House should act on this
question, after it had been delayed for so long a
time? It had been already delayed long enough.
Year after year had passed away, and was it not
very ungrateful for us, in 1840, to deny justice,
which had been neglected for so long a period? He
.hoped the bill would pass, without further delay;
and, believing that every gentleman was of the
same opinion, he moved the previous question, but
withdrew it at the request of
Mr. POPE, who wished to state a few facts in
relation to this claim.
Mr. P. then went on, at some length, to state
that he had been intimately acquainted with Mr.
Lyon, who served in Congress wih him, in the
time of Jefferson, and that it was never doubted
that the fine had been paid. It was understood,
however, that the money had been made up by Mr.
Lyon's fiiends. On concluding, Mr. P. according
to his pledge, renewed the motion for the previous
question.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved a call of the House, but
it was not in order,
Mr. SLADE earnestly appealed to have the mo-
tion for the previous question withdrawn, when
Mr. L. WILLIAMS moved to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. TURNE Y asked for the yeas and nays;
which having been ordered,
Mr. L. WILLIAMS withdrew the motion.
Mr. WELLER consented to have the previous
question withdrawn; and
Mr. SLADE went into a statement of the fact 
of the case, the conviction ef Lyon having taken
place in Mr. S's district. He stated the circum-
stances of indignity accompanying the* imprison-
ment—his being paraded through the district,
thrown into a loathsome jail, and deprived of the
use of pen, ink, and paper. The Democrats of the
day gathered in a great assembly round the jail—
an assembly not equalled by any Mr. S. had ever
seen, save the grand convention at Baltimore—and
a voluntary contribution was called for and taken
up; but before it could be applied, the fine had been
paid, ei,her through the intervention of Col. Lyon's
friends in another county, or by his own means.
As soon as Lyon was at the jail door, he proclaim-
ed that he was on his way to Congress. The ca-
valcade Which attended him was half a mile long—
stopped at his father's house, and there all partook
of cakes and hard cider, in true Democratic style.
Mr. S. did not believe the fine had ever been re-
mitted by Jefferson or by Congress.        _
Mr. S. concluded by renewing the motion for toe
preview question,
i
