CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
23C
26th Cong
.1st Siss.
TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1840.
Volume 8...........No. 27.
BY BLAIR * RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Chntinxtdfrm AV. 26.
resolution, and it accordingly lies over, nnder the
"••••                                                                                         , ■    *■ 
Mr. ADAMS asked the consent of the House to
offer the following resolution.
Mr. SMITH of Maine objected to the reception
of any resolutions at this time. He had many pe-
lions to present, and would not agree to the recep-
tion of resolutions until the petitions were all re-
ceived.
Mr. ADAMS moved a suspension of the rules,
and the resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Rtttlved, That the investment in the stock* of
me several States of this Union of funds held by
the United States in trust, is, to the amount of the
suns so invested, and of the interest thereon, an
assumption by the United States, in the event of
their failure punctually to pay the same.
Resolved, That the purchase, by authority of any
Executive Department of the Government of the
United States, of the bonds of any of the States of
this Union, at the nominal value, or with a pre-
mium thereon, and thesubsequent sale ef the same
binds at a discount, is an unwarrantable and a
wasteful dilapidation of the public funds.
Retolvtd, That it is the duty of the Executive
Government of the United States to require of the
Government of each and every State of tlis Union,
in whose stocks investments of the public moneys,
held in trust by the Government of the United
States, have been made, pune ual payment in spe-
cie, or it* equivalent, of the interest stipulated in
the said stocks, and repayment of the principal, as
soon as possible by the terms of the contracts upon
which such contracts have generally been issued.
Resolved, That the further investment of any
public funds of the United States in stocks of the
several States oueht forthwith to be prohibited by
law, and that the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to report a bill for that purpose.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rnles, and disagreed to.
The resolution lies over.
By Messrs. BURKE and WILLIAMS of New
Hampshire.
By Messrs. PARRIS, EVANS, and RAN-
DALL of Maine.
The SPEAKER staled that the call of the Sutes
for petitions had been completed; and that reports
from committees were in order; when
Mr. MASON of Ohio, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of
David DeardeorfT; and
A bill for the relief of Cadwallader Wallace;
which were read twice, and com niited to the Com
mitiee of the Whole, and made the order of the day
for to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the same commit-
tee was discharged from the further consideration
of sundry petitions in relation the purchase of
alternate sections of land on the Miami, and the
Wabash and Erie canals; and the petitions were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to revive an act for the relief of Ja .
Hudson; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Iowa, on
the subject of pre-emptions to citizens, under cer-
tain circumstances; which report was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Pom Roads, reported a bill relative to
the transportation of the mail on steamboats and
railroads, and for other purposes; which was read
twice, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McK. from the same committee, to which
had been referred sundry petitions praying for the
establishment of post route*, avade a long report,
accompanied by a series. 0f resolutions; which he
moved to have pnnt^ and that the further con-
sideration of the same be 'postponed  till Monday
next.
The report having been read,
Mr. McK. made some remarks explanatory of
the same.
The question was taken on printing the usual
quantity of the report, and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CONNOR, five thousand ad-
ditional copies were ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the further con-
sideration of the resolutions accompanying the re-
port was postponed till Monday next, to come np
after the call of the States for resolutions shall
have been completed.
Mr. TURNEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, made an unfavorable report on the peti-
tion of Manuel Cruzat; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, reported
back to the House, Senate bill entitled, An act to
repeal the several sections of the act to limit the
term of certain officers therein named, and for other
purposes, approved 15th May, 1820; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, reported back to the Howe, Senate bill
entitled, An act for the relief of Pierre Menard
and Joseph Placy, accompanied by a report; which,
with the bill, was ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, reported
the following resolution; which was read, and
agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House, in a tabular form,
the amount of money which has been paid from
the Treasury, on Revolutionary claims (exclusive
of pensions and gratuities) during each year, since
the 27th of March, 1794, placing the principal and
interest in separate columns, and arranged under
the following separate heads, viz: Seven years'
half pay; loan^iffice and other certificates presented;
loan office and other certificates alleged to be lost
or destroyed; unliquidated claims; miscellaneous
claims; and that he report how many of the
said claims: have been paid each year with
interest, and how many without interest; and
also the amount of the several classes of Re-
volutionary certificates which are now outstanding
and unsatisfied; and that the Secretary further re-
port the amount, in money and land scrip, which
has been paid each year since the date aforesaid,
in satisfaction of the alleged liabilities of any of
the States of the Union for Revolutionary services
or expenditures; specifying the amount paid for
each State, with a reference to the acts of Congress
under which the payments were made.
Mr. LEADBETTER, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported back to the
House, without amendment, Senate bill entitled an
act for the relief of Samuel R. Slaymaker; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. R. GARLAND, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back to the House,
without amendment, Senate bill entitled an act for
the relief of Jean Baptiste Comeau; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole, and made
the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, reported
back to the House, without amendment, Senate
bill entitled an act for the relief of James L.
Cochran.
Mr. G. said the bill had been improperly referred
to that committee, inasmuch as it was unnecssary.
He therefore moved that the House concur in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HALL made some remarks in opposition
to the motion to concur; and
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi advocated the
justness of the amendment of the Senate, and
hoped the House would concur.
At this stage of the proceeding, the House, ac-
cording to order, took a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion instructing the Committee on the Public Build-
ings to inquire into the expediency of erecting a
plain brick fire-proof building, connected with the
War Department, for the use of the several bureaus
therein named, and for the safe keeping of the re-
cords thereof.
Objected to.
Mr. RANDOLPH, from the Committee on Re-
volutionary Claims, reported the following bill ,
which were read twice, and committed:
A bill for £he relief of the widow and legal repre-
sentatives of Lieutenant Lott Hall, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Park;
A bill for the relief of Apollos Cooper;
A bill to authorize the payment of the seven
years' half pay due on account of the Revolution-
ary services of Francis Epps, deceased.
Mr. R. on leave, also made adverse reports iu
the cases of Mary O'Bannon, of the heirs of Samuel
Gay, of the heirs of Levi Todd, of the heirs of
Abraham Tipton, of Dolly Bacon, widow, etc. of
the heirs of Joseph Olney, of the heirs of Colonel
Wm. Fontaine.
Mr. THOMAS of Maryland presented docu-
ments in relation to the case of David Meyerle;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. CRAIG, it was ordered that
the Committee on Revolationary Claims be dis-
charged trom the case of Piudence Barton, widow
of Rufus Barton, deceased, and that leave be given
to withdraw the same.
The question then recurred on concurring with
the Senate in their amendment to the House bill
for the relief of James L. Cochran; which amend-
ment strikes out the words making the land subject
to private entry.
Mr. HALL of Vermont moved that the bill and
amendment be committed to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
A few remarks were made by Messrs. CROSS,
PETRIKIN, and POPE, when Mr. P. moved tie
previous question, which was seconded.
And th; question being put, "Shall the maiu
question be now taken?" there appeared ayes 70,
noes 18; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER having here announced that the
hour appropriated to reports and resolutions had
expired—
Mr. ATHERTON moved that the House pro-
ceed to the orders of the day.
Mr. ANDREWS and Mr. TALIAFERRO
urged upon the House to suffer the call of the
committee for reports to be completed.
And the question having been taken, there ap-'
peared yeas 69, noes 51; no quorum voting.
Mr. HUBBARD inquired of the Speaker, what
the orders of the day would be?
The SPEAKER replied, the business on the
Speakei's table. [Among this business was the
bill known as the Pre-emption bill—the question,
being on its engrossment.}
Mr. BRIGGS asked the yeas and nays on the
motion that the House proceed to the orders of the
day; which were ordered, and being taken, were—
yeas 69, nays 74.
So the House refused to proceed to the orders of
the day.
The question then recurred on ordering the
main question to be taken on the bill for the re-
lief of James L. Cochran, and it having been
decided in the affirmative, the main question was
ordered.
Mr. STANLY asked the yeas and nay  on tin
main question; which were ordered.
And the main question (being on concurring
with the Senate in their amendment striking- out
the words making the lands subject to private en-
try) was then taken, and decided in the affirmative
—yeas 87, nays 55.                                j_« , „r
So the House conenrred in the amendment of
the Senate.
