CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            419
Mr. R. from the same committee, reported back
to the House, Senate bill entitled, An act for the
relief of Joseph Paxton, accompanied by a report,
in writing, recommending that said bill be rejected.
Alto, reported back to the House, Senate bill en-
titled, An act for the relief of Adam D. Stewart,
with a report, in writing-, recommending that said
bill be rejected.
Also, reported back to the House Senate bill enti-
tled an act for the relief of N. G. Hamilton, accom-
panied by a report recommending that said bill do
not pass:
which bilb were severally referred to the Commit-
tee of die Whole, and made the order of the day
for to-morrow.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee of Claims,
made unfavorable reports on the petitions of Bowie,
Kurtz, and others, owners of the ship Allegheny;
Eaot Soper, Nathan Coats, Samuel S. Sayles, and
Charles S. Little; which were severally ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. GENTRY, from the Committee of Claim ,
reported a bill for the relief of John E. Alexander;
which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee of Claims,
made an unfavorable report on the petition of
Joseph Sasser; which was ordered to he on the
table.
On motion of Mr. BOTTS, the Committee of
Commerce was discharged from the further consi-
deration of the petition of Ferdinand Clark; and it
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TOLAND, from the Committee of Com-
^merce, reported a bill making appropriations for
the erection of  custom-hoases   and public store-
houses; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. WHITE  of Louisiana, from the Commit-
tee of Commerce, reported a bill to establish ports
oi entry in the States of Arkansas and Missouri,
and to allow debenture on foreign goods conveyed
over land from such ports to Mexico, accompanied
by a report; which was read twice, and committed
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BEIRNE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back to the House,
wi hoat amendment, Senate bill, entitled An act
for the relief of Casper W. Weaver; which was
committed.
On motion of Mr. BEIRNE, the Committee for
the District of Columbia was discharged frcm the
farther consideration of the petition of William
Wheatley, and it wa? ordered to lie on the table.
Then,
On motion of Mr. WELLER,
The House, at 6 o'clock, p. m. adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, May 26, 1840.
The CHAIR submitted a report from the Secre-
tary of War, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 20 h of April, 1836, relative to
sites for fortifications on the coast of Mississippi;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented documents in rela-
tion to the claim of Thankful Reynolds; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petititon ot Pru-
dence Barton; which was presented to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported
A bill for the relief of John Carter, and
A bill to amend the charter of the city of Alex-
dria; which were severally read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the House bill
for the relief of certain ssttlers on the Salt Lick
Reservation, in the Western district of Tennessee,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. HTJB8\RD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of General Duncan L Clinch, reported the same
without amendment.-
Mr. SEVIER gave notice, that, to-morrow he
would ask lea to \o intodoce a, resolution- to amend
the rules so as to compel the attendance of Senators
at the hour to which the Senate stands adjourned.
The bill to quiet the titles of several claimants
to lands in the States of Missouri and Arkansas,
and for other purposes, was taken up and consider-
ed as in committee of the whole, and after some
remarks from Messrs. LINN and WEBSTER,
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill to authorize the Legislature of the State
of Louisiana to sell the lands heretofore appro-
priated for the use of schools within that State, was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill to perfect the titles to lands south of the
Arkansas river, held under New Madrid locations,
and pre-emption rights under the act of 1814: or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to refund the duties collected in the French
ship Alexander: ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill fer the benefit of the Howard Institution
of the City of Washington, was, after some remarks
from Messrs. MERRICK and TAPPAN, ordered
to be engrossed tor a third reading.
The bill authorizing the States to tax any lands
within their limits sold by the United States, was,
after some remarks from Messrs LINN, SE-
VIER.NORVELL, HENDERSON,WHITE, and
YOUNG, passed over informally.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy, the
question being on Mr. Wall's motion to strike out
the original bill, and insert a substitute.
Mr. BENTON addressed tie Senate at great
length in opposition to the bill reported by the ma-
jority ef the Committee on the Judiciary, and ex-
pressed his determination to vote for the substitute
submitted by Mr. Wall, with certain modifica-
tions
The bill was then informally passed over, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, May 26, 1840.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said, upon an examina-
tion of the yeas and nays, on the propostion to in-
struct the Committee of Ways and Means to report
a bill for the continuation of the Cumberland road
in the States of Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois, he
found that his name had been omitted. He
was firmly impressed with the belief that he had
responded to the call of the Clerk, and voted for the
instructions. If he did not do it, it was certainly his
intention to have voted for the instructions. He
therefore hoped the House would permit him to
have his vo-e recorded in favor of the instruc-
tions.
It required the unanimous consent of the House
to am*nd the journal in that particular; and
Mr. CRANSTON having objected, on the ground
that it might lead to abuses, the request of Mr. S.
was refused.
Mr. CROCKETT, by universal consent, pre-
sented the following resolution, which was read,
and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire info the expediency
and propriety of allowing pay to Littlejohn Wil-
kins, John Lynch, Wo. P. Ford, and Alexander
H. Patrick, late members of Captain Baker's com-
pany, Tennessee volunteers, in service of the
United States, in Florida, in 1836, for their horses
and equipage turned over to Government.
Mr. BLACKWELL, by the general consent of
the House, presented the following resolution, which
was agreed tn:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions inquire into the expediency of granting a pen-
sion to James S. Hall, of Tennessee, and that the
papers m the case be referred to the said com-
mittee.
Mr.CHINN, by the general conseut of the House,
printed the following resolution, which was
agreed to:
~~ Resolved, That the President be requested to
communicate to this House a copy of the charges
preferred by Dr. John Baldwin, a citizen of the
State   of  Louisiana, against  Marmadnire Bur-

roughs, Consul at Vera Cruz, together with all
such correspondence and proceedings as may have
""grown out of the same.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to present to the House á reso-
lution, which was read for information, as follows,
Viz:
Whereas a printed pamphlet has recently been
circulated in this city purporting to be an address
of Amos Kendall to the people of the United
States; which pamphlet charges a portion of the
members of this House with "causing the public
business to be delayed," "the public faith violated,"
with "practising unheard-of abuses," and "with
violating the laws," and of other practices deroga-
tory to the character of the members of this House:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform this House, whether the said
Amos Kendall continued to exercise the duties of
Postmaster General on the 21st day of May, lfiO,
being the day of publishing the said páfaphlet. If
not, on what day did his commission with said of-
fice cease.
Mr. GIDDINGS demanded the yeas ami !%s
on the motion to suspend the rules; which having
betn ordered, were—yeas 60, nays 102, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Barnard, Bell, Bond,
Calhoun, William B- Campbell, Carter, Chinn, Clark, Cran-
ston, Crockett, Edward Davies, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis,
Delist, Evans, Gentry, Giddlngs, Goode, Graham, Graves,
Green, Hall, William S. Mastines, Howes, Henry, Hunt,
James, Charles Johnston, Cave Johnson, Kempshall, Lincoln,
McCarty, Mason, Morgan, ^alvary Monis, Ogle, Osborne,
Paleu, Promt, Randolph, Ridgway, Russell, Sergeant, Slade,
Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Stanly, Star , Stuart, Taha-
ferro, Toland, Tnplett, Trumbull, Tumey, Edward D. White,
Thomas W Williams, and Lewis Williams—60.               ,
NAYS—Messrs. Hugh J. Anderson, Andrews, AtHérton,
Banks, Beatty, BtackweEl, Boyd, Briggs, Burka, Sampsfci'jl.
Butler, Byn'um, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Cllflpjia,,
Coles, Connor, Mark A. Cooper, William R^ Cooper, Crabb,
Craig, Crary, Cross, Cashing, Dana, John Davis, John W. Da-
vis, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan, Eastman, Ely, Everett,
Fine, Fletcher, Floyd, Fomance, James Garland, Rice Gar,
land, Gerry, Goggin, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, John Hastings,
Hi lien, Hook, Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jamesop,
John W. Jones, Keim, Kille, Lowell, Lucas, MoClettan, Me-
Culloch, McKay, Mallory. Marchand, Miller, Montanyaf Mont-
gomery, Nisbet, Farrish, Parmenter, Paynter, Petrikin, Pren-
tiss, Ramsey, Randen, Reynolds, fthett, Edward Hags*,
James Rogers, RyalL, Samuels, Shaw.,. Shepaid, Jobna¡tóitli,
Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, Sweanngen, Bweney,
Taylor, Francis Thomas, David D. Wegener, waktáMm?
Weller, John White, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Wil.
liams, Joseph L. Williams, Christopher H. Williams, and
Wise—102.
So the rules were not suspended.
The SPEAKER then called the committees for
íeports; when
Mr.JHfLLEN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which had been referred memorials from
pilots of New York, Pennsylvania, Baltimore, ífor-
folk, and Charleston, praying for the repeal of the
law of March 2d, 1837, concerning pilot*, offered
to make a report from said committee, accompa-
nied by a bill to repeal said law; which he asked to
have read.
Mr. CUftTIS objected to its reception, on the
ground (as a question of order) that it was not .the
report of the majority of the committee—he him-
self having been instructed bjr me majority of that
committee to make a report ot a directly contrary
character.                               -
The report offered by the gentleman front Mary-
land [Mr. Hillen] had, Mr. C. said, opee béíá
the report of the majority of the committer; but
the vote had, subsequent to its adoption, arirfbe/ore
the report had been made to the House¿ b|e"ú re-
considered by the committee, in cónsequenjeiTof'ad-
ditional information having been produced,' and a
large number of remonstrances1 having been re-
ferred to the committee at a date subsequent to the
adoption of the said report.
Mr. C. referred to the parliamentary law, (pl ¿e
135 of the Manual,) where it is1 laid down that re-
ports once passed by a committee cannot bé al-
tered, except by the House, their votes béirirb'lh'd-,
ing upon them; and contended that this rulfe had no1
application, under that law, to the stán<ühg^ com-
mittees, but to the Committee of the Who1te/_The
point was now presented whether there edt^fl be
two majority reports from the same corümittee, the
one being direct y adverse to the other.     aa,-v
Mr. HILLEN conlenuVd ihift the K^*$?CTa-
tidn was a direet violation of the rules; ftha| the
whole subject matter contained in the remonstrances
