400
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'. *      ■        i                                                                               '
spoken of had, in substance, been betore the coic-
mittee previous to the adoption of the report which
he had offered; and that the proper course for the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Curtis] to have
pursued, would have been to have heard it read,
ane then to have moved its recommitment, offering
as an argument in favor of the motion, that new
testimony had been introduced—though, in fact,
Mr. H. contended, no tuto testimony had been in-
troduced, the committee having, in substance, the
whole of it before them when they agreed upon
report.
Some explanations followed between Messrs.
CURTIS and HILLEN as to the proceedings
which took place in committee, and as to certain
conversations which passed between them in rela-
tion thereto.
Mr. TOLAND submitted that the House had
nothing to do with the proceedings in committee,
and the only question for the House to decide was,
whether, having taken a vote, the committee had
the power to reconsider it. The proposition was
too plain, he thought, to need discussion.
Mr. RUSSELL argued generally on the power
of the committee to reconsider, and insisted on their
right to do so. He had not concluded when, the
morning hour having expired.
On motion of Mr. PROFFIT,
The House passed to the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United Stales in re-
tion to certain presents transmitted to him by the
Sultan of Muscat, and suggesting legislature pro-
vision for such cases. Referred, on motion of Mr.
CTTSHING, to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
[The message was published in the Senate pro-
ceedings of yesterday ]
PRE-EMPTION   BILL.
The SPEAKER announced that the next busi-
ness in order was the bill granting pre-emption
rights to settlers on the public lands. The ques-
tion immediately pending was the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr.
Lincoln, as follows:
" Strike out all after the word ' extended,' in the
7th line of the 5th section, and insert—
"To every actual settler on the public lands,
being the head of a family, or over twenty-one
years of age, who was in possession, and a house-
holder by personal residence thereon, at the time of
passage of this act, and for four months next pre-
ceding, with the same exceptions, whether general
or special, and subject to all the limitations and
conditions contained in the above recited act, and
with the explanatory provisions of the preceding
-sections: Provided, however, That the provisions of
this act shall not give a right of pre-emption to any
lands subject to sale by private entry at the tims of
the passage hereof: And provided, further, That ihe
continuance hereby in force of the act to which
this is supplemental, shall not be construed to ex-
tend the time to any settler who has a right of pre-
emption under that act, in which to make his entry
and payment for ¡-aid land, and peifect his title
thereto, but the same shall be done in the same
time and manner as if this act had not been
passed."
Mr, LINCOLN then addressed the House at
great length in opposition to the bill as it then
stood, and in support of his amendment, which he
considered would remove the objection. He took
a general review of the past policy of the Govern-
ment in relation to the principle of pre-emption;
and although he was willing to leave that pnncple
as it now stood, he could not consent to an exten-
sion of it. He then examined the bill by sections,
and with much earnestness contended that its ope-
ration would be extremely unjust and unequal. In
taking a review of all the laws passed on the sub-
ject, he showed that every one of them required a
previous residence on the land before the privilege
was granted, but that this bill contained an entirely
new principle, and gave the right to all such per-
sons who might be found on the land at the time of
the passage of this act, without requiring any procf
of previous residence. He regarded the bill as cal-
culated to produce the most injurious results, and
that it was an innovation of the legislation of for-
mer Congresses, containing in every section either
an extension of old rights, or the creation of new
ones.
At this stage of the remarks, the SPEAKER an-
nounced that the House would, according to order,
take a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. LINCOLN concluded his remarks in oppo-
sition to the bill.   His remarks will be published
hereafter in full.
Mr. WHITE said it was his conviction that the
bill was calculated to encourage fraud and afford
facilities for the commission of the most corrupt
perjury. He thought it a measure of the most
odious character, and fraught with the most in-
jurious consequences. The tendency of the
course of those who advocated it, was in direct
opposition to the best interests of the country.
The operation of the measure would be immoral,
unconstitutional; it would dimmish the revenue;
and its provisions were such that he who had
least honesty would make ihe most out of it. Mr.
W. denounced the pre-emption settlers as in-
truders, who had seized on the most eligible places
when they had done nothing, nor encountered any
of the dangers. They were in no fear, like the
early settlers, from the Indians, for now there was
a standing army beyond the limits of the Territory
to protect them; yes, to protest these very in-
truders. Had not the old States been taxed to pay
for those Indian wars? And yet these intruders
went and reaped all the benefit. If this measure
was honest and fair, then he would vote
for it; but if this bill were passed, it would
encourage fraud between debtor and creditor, and
its operation would be immoral, as the report of
the public officer of Louisiana, just read, showed
that perjury of the most unblushing character was j
invited. It was unconstitutional, because it was
opposed to that clause of the Constitution which
guarantied equal rights; and it was a robbery, be-
cause it would take away that which belonged to
others. Mr. W. illustrated the position he had
taken at some letgth, and concluded by denouncing
the bill as partial and unfair. He contended that
such a subject, involving millions of the public
money, ought not to be dealt with in this paitial
way. If we were to have a pre-emption law, let it
be one of a permanent and impartial character.
Mr. HUBBARD, having with some difficulty ob-
tained the floor, said he would make a few remarks
in reply to the opponents of the bul, afier which he
woulu move the previous question. He considered
it due to the supporters of the bill, that some ex-
planation should be imde, to «how how very weak
the objections were which had been urged against it.
Mr. H. then examined the various exceptions
taken by Messrs. Lincoln and White to the bill,
and explained its intended operation. He said it
was very natural that geatiemen not acquainted
with the Wes ern country should s'art objections of
that character; but to those who knew how matters
really were, the bill could not fail to be satisfactory.
He noticed and replied to all the objection seriatim,
but the uproar in the Hall was so great that the
Reporter failed in getting the argument. On con-
cluding, however, Mr. H. claimed to have tri-
umphantly answered every objection, and that he
had "squared off" with both the gentleman from
Kentucky and the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. H. concluded by moving the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD sugges'ed that the Hous« should
adjourn and let the question be taken on the bill
to morrow.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS moved that the House ad-
journ; and on that motion
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama demanded the
yeas and nays; wh ch hav.ng been ordered, were—
yeas 67, nays 87.
So the House resused to adjourn.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS moved a call of the House,
and on that motion demanded the yeas and
nays; which the Hcu^e refused on count, yeas 47,
nays 114.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. WELLER demanded the yeas and najs on
the main question—which main question would be
first on the adoption of the amendment of Mr.
Lincoln, and then on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. ANDREWS again moved that the House
adjourn; which motion was disagreed to—yeas 55
nays 98.
Mr. LINCOLN modified his amendment so as
to amend the bill, by striking out all after the
word ' extended" in the 7th line of the 5th section,
andtinsertmg, "to every actual settler of the pub-
lic lands, being the head of a family or over twenty-
one years of age, who was in possession of a
household, by personal residence thereon, at the
time of the passase of this act, and from the first of
April next preceding, with the same exceptions,
whether general or special, and subject to all the
limitations and conditions contained in the above
recited act, and with the explanatory provisions of
the preceding sections. Provided, however, that
the provisions of this act shall not give a right of
pre-empt'on to any lands subject to sale by private
entry, at the time of the passage hereof. And
provided further, that the continuance hereby in
force of the act to which this is supplimental, shall
not be construed so as to extend the time to any
settler who has a right of pre-emption under that
act, in which to make his entry and payment for
said land, and perfect his title thereto, but the
same shall be done m the same time and manner as
if this act had not been passed."'
The yeas and nays having been ordered on the
adoption of the above amendment, were taken, and
were—yeas 86, nays 97, as follows:
YEAS- Messrs Alibrd, John \V Allen, Andrews, Banks,
Baker, Bond, Bous, Bngc^, Brockway, Bynum, Cal.
noun, John Campbell, William B Campbell, Carter,
Clark, Coles, Connor, James Cooper, Mark A Cooper,
Cranston, Crockeu, Curtí , Garret Davis, Dawson, De-
berry, Dennn, Dromsiuole, Edwai Is, Everett  Fisher, James
Garland, Rice Garland, Gentry, Giddines, Goggin, Goode, Gra-
ham, Graves, Gieen, Griffin, Gnnne I, Habersham, Hall, Wm.
S Hastings, llawes, Hawkins, Ilillot North Carolina, Holmes,
Hunt, Charles Johns'on, Cave Johnson, Kempshal!, King,
Lincoln, Mason. Montgomery, Nisbet, Ogle, Osborne, Ran
dolph, Rayner, Russell, Saltonstall, Samuels, Sergeant, She
pard, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Storrs, Sumter, Talia-
ferro, Waddy Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Tnplett, Trum-
bull, underwood, Warren, Edward D White, John Whit .
Thomas W Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams,
Christopher H Williams, and Wise—66.
NAYS—Messrs Hugh J Anderson, Atherton, Beatty, Black
Blackwell, Boyd, Aaron V Brown, Albert G Brown, Burke,
William O Butler, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford,
William R Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crary, Cross, Cushing,
Dana, John Davis, Dickerson, Dellet, Doan, Doig, Duncan,
Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Floyd, Galbraith, Hand, J Hastings,
Henry, Hillen, Holleman, Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson,
Jameson, Keim, Kilie, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis,
Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloh, McKay, Mallorv, Mar
chand, Medill Miller Montanya, Samuel W Morris, Pamsh,
Parmt liter, Parris, Petrikin, Pope, Prentiss, Profñt, Ramsey,
Reynolds, Rhett, Ridgway, Rives, Ed Rogers, Ryall, Shaw,
A Smith, Tho Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Stuart,
Sweanngen, Sweney, Taylor, Frauci  Thomas, P. F Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vroom, David D Wagener, Wat-
teroon, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams, and Henry Wil-
la rrs—97
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurung on ordering the bill
to engrossed for a third reading,
Mr. R. GARLAND demanded the yeas and
nays; which were not ordered.
Mr. TURNEY moved to reconsider the vote re-
fusing the yeas and nays; and, after a few remarks
by Messrs. WISE, R GARLAND, BRIGGS, and
TURNEY, the question was. taken and decided in
the negative—ayes 197, noes 24.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and having been engrossed, and the
question then being, "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. BOYD demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. WISE said if he coold be ?atisfied that this
bill, if passed, would be for the benefit of the poor,
acmal settler, he would vote for it. He would
rather give the land to the poor settler for nothing,
than sail the prime lands at $1 25 per acre. He
said there were two definitions of the words poor
settler; by one it was meant a speculator; and by
another definition in the vocabulary, it means some-
times a member of Congres*. He disclaimed ap-
plying to any member of the present session, or
any part, the definition of speculator, though he
beh;ved, according to the vocabulary, such was
one ff the definitions.
Mr. CASEY demanded the previous question on
the passage of the bill, which was seconded; and
the main question^having been erdered, if was ta-
