CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
ken on the passage of the bill by yeas and nays,
and resulted—yeas 136, nays 64, as follows:
YEAS-Messsrs.Alford,J W Allen, H J Anderson, A ther-'
ton, Beatty, Beirne, Bell, Black, Blackwell, Bo>d, Aaron V.
Brown, Albert C Brown, Buike, William O Butler, William
B  Campbell, Carr, Carter, Casey. Chapman, Chinn, Clirk,
Clifford, Mark A Cooper, William R Cooper, Crabb, Craig,
Crary, Crockett, Cross, Curt s, Cubing,- Dana, John Davis,
Garret Davis, Dellet, Doan D012 Dromaoole, Duncan, Earl,
Eastman, Ely,Fine, Floyd, Galbraith, Rice Garland, Giddmgs,
Goode, Green, Hard, J"hn Hastings, Henry, Hillen, Holleman,
Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson. Jameson, Cave Johnson,
Keim, Kille, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas,
McClellan, McCullocli, McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Mason,
Medill, Miller, Montanva, Samuel W Morris, Parish, Parmen-
ter, Parns, Payiter, Petnkin, Pope, Prentiss, Profht. Ramsey,
Randen. Reynolds, Rhett, Ririgwiy, Rives, Edward Ropers,
Ryall, Shaw, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather,
Steenrod, Strong, Stuart, Sumter, Sweanngen, Sweney, Taylor,
Francis Thomas, Philip F Thomas, Jdcob Thompson, TnpMt,
Turney, Vroom, David D Wa?ener, Watterson, Weller, Ed-
ward D White, Wick, Jared W Williams, Henry Williams,
Joseph L. Williams, and Cnnstopher II Williams—126
NAYS—Messrs Andrews,Banks, Baler, Bond, Botts, Briggs,
Brockway, Calhoun, John Campbell, Coles, Connor, James
Cooper, Cranston, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Edwards, Eve-
rett, Fisher, James Garland, Gosgm, Graham, Graves, Griffin,
Gnnnell, Habersham, Hall, Wilnam S Hastings, Hawes, Haw-
kins, Hill of Virginia, Hill of North Carolina, Holmes, Chas.
Johnston, Kempshall, Kme, Lincoln, Montgomery, Jvsbet,
Ogle, Osborne, Ranpolph, Rayner, James Rogers, Russell, Sal-
tonstal, Samuels, Sergeant, Shepard, Slade, Truman Smith,
Btanly, Storrs. Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson, Tillinghast, To-
land, Trumbull Underwood, Warren, J >hn White, Thomas W
Williams, Lewis Williams, and Wise—46
So the bill was parsed.
On motion, the House then, at 9 o'clock, p. m.
adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday-, May 27, 1840.
Mr- ALLEN presented the petition of Nathaniel
Niles for additional compensation for diplomatic
services; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial of the
religious society of Friend*, commonly called Qua-
kers, of the States of New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
and Delaware, praying iha adoption of measures
for the suppression of the African slave trade u.-i-
der the American flag; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. also presented a memorial signed by the
presiden's of the various insurance companies of
Philadelphia, and other citizens of Philadelphia,
praying an appropriation for the repair of the
wharf and piers at Port Penn; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. YOUNG presented lour memorials sigr«e3
by numeiou* citizens oí Illinois, praying a grant
of public land fcr th2 impnne.rent ot Rock rivet;
which were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented four memor al«, sign-
ed by numerous inhabitants of the northern frontier
of the United S'a'es, praj ing an appropriation for
the construction oí a th p canal around the falls of
Niagara.
Mr. DAVIS presenled the memorial of Henry
B. Goodyear and ethers, praying a grant of land
for the purpose of ¡ornvns; a ¡ ett'ement on the
island of West Mattacumba, on the coast of Flo-
rida; which was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lan<"s.
Mr. D. al o pie^ented a memorial of cmzens of
Beaver cou:.iy, Pennsylvania, pra>ing ihe abolition
of slavery and the slave trade, toe quest.on on the
reception of which was, on mot.oa by Mr. SE-
VIER, laid on ihe table.
Mr. YOUNG presented a petition for the release
W. L. Mackenz e; and
Mr. NORVELL presen eJ a similar petition;
which were respectively laid on the Uble.
Mr. PIERCE, by dnection of the Committee on
Ptns ons, moved that leave be granted to that com-
mittee to sit during ihesesuons of the Senate.
Mr. P. remarked that it would be much more
agreeable to himself and the gentlemen associated
With him to remain in their places, and at'end to
the interesting débale now m progress, ihat to de-
vote themselves to the labors ot a committee room.
Bot since the one hundred and twenty b 11-, gran -
ing pensions m individual cases came up from the
House of Representatives in a single day, it had
become perfectly obvious that they could not be-
stow upon the claims the attention due alike to the
Government and the claimants, without the indul-
gence indicated.
The questicn was then taken on granting the
leave, and unanimously agreed to.
The bill for the relief of General Duncan L.
Clinch;
The bill to quiet the titles of several claimants to
lands in the States of Missouri and Arkansas, and
for other purposes;
The bill to authorize the Legislature of the State
of Louisiana to sell the lands heretofore appro-
priated for the U;-e of schools within that Stale;
The bill to perfect the titles to lands south of the
Arkansas river, held under New Madrid locations,
and pre-emption ngh's under the act of 1814;
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to refund the duties collected m the French
ship Alexander;
were severally read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the vole on the
passage of the bill for the relief of Gen. Duncan L.
Clinch was reconsidered, and it wa# then laid on the
table.                         I
The bill for the betfcfit of itík Howard Institu-
tion of ihe city of Washington, was taken up on
its thud reading.          i
Mr. ALLEN wishcdSsom/information as to the
character and objects oí; th* institution for which
so large an amount of toe public money was to be
appropriated.
After some remarks ./rem Mr. MERRICK in
reply,
Mr. ALLEN opposed the bill at some lergh.
It was;bestowing the money on'an'association whese
objects and modes of action were entirely unknown
to the Senate.
Mr. HUBBARD said: I do not desire, for my-
self, any more information, to enab'e me to vote
upon the bill before the Senate, than what the terms
of the bill itself convey. I have heard it read—
and that is enough for me. Tlie bill directs the
Commissioner of the Public Buildings to select
from lot's of land owned by the General Govern-
ment, in this city, and to appraise them, and to
convey to the Howard Institution the lots thus ap-
praised, to the value of five thousand dollars, for
the sole use and benefit of said instituiioa: in other
words, the bill proposes to take of the public pro-
perly the amount of five thousand dollars, and to
give the sime to a private, local corporation,
within the city cf Washington. Now, sir, I ut-
terly deny the power of Congress to take from the
puohc Treasuiy the property of the whole people,
and to bestow the same, in charity, to any private
individual or to any public institution. This Go-
vernment was oiganized for no such object—ihe
Constitution has imparted to Congress no such au-
thority. If a proposition was made to take a like
sum lrom ihe Treasury, and to grant it to a similar
lnstituioa wnhin my own Sute, it would strike
every member of the S nate, as it should do, with
utter astonishment. To take the money of the
whole people—to abstract any portion of the pub-
lic funds, and give to any private association,
within ilm District—cannot fail to excite in my
mind equal aston'shment. We hive had these ap-
peals made to Congre s over ar d over again. We
have been told so often of the noble generosity of
the original proprietors, in granting the alternate
lots of this city to the General Government, that
the story has become s'ale and unprofita-
ble. What would the e lots have been
worth to those same proprietors, if ihis
p'ace had not been established as the capital
of the Federal Government What has Congress
done for this city, and for this District? I will not,
on this occasion, attempt to state But I should
like to see an honest account stated between the
Treasury and the District of Columbia. I would
like to learn if there rests the least obligation on
the part of this Government, on account of what
has been so often called the generous liberality of
the tnginal proprietors of this city. Sir, we are in
error upon this whole matter. We have paid for
every public square now owned by the Govern-
ment—a price per acre beyond its value at the time
of ihe locat on of the srat of Government. We
have, it is true, received the alternate lots without
price.   But, sir, need I argue to this Senate that
sucha donation, in point of interest, was the best
bargain that ever those proprietors could have
made, for themselves or for the District? There are
two sides to this account; and if Senators have not
already made themselves acquainted with all the
facts, they shou'd do it, before they suffer them-
selves to be influenced by the consideration that
the General Government are under pecuniary obli-
gations to this city, and to the original grantors of
this public property. Before they yield their as-
sent to the assertion that we are indebted for favors
already received, let ihe account be stated—let it
be known what has been expended by the Govern-
ment for this District, and what has been received
into the Treasury for property ceded to the United
Stales. I should be pleased to know what amount
of the public money has already been expended for
the exclusive use and benefit of this city, and of
this District. Such an exhibit will show that, un-
less I am altogether mistaken, more than two mil-
lions of dollars for the uses of this District, has
been drawn from your Treasury, beyoBd its re-
ceipts from the amount of property ceded by its in-
habitants.
No man mce sincerely commends the object in
which these charitable ladies have embarked than I
do. They are not confined to this District—they
exert an influence over every part of the country.
No man can be more willing than myself, accord-
ing to my means, to aid such praiseworthy efforts
—they are the appropriate objects for the exercise
of individual charity. But Congress, the represen-
tative power of the States and of the people, can-
net, consistent with a faithful discharge of its pub-
lic trusts, turn a favorable ear to memorials of this
description. For it seemed to be undeniably true,
that if Congress can pass this bill, it can make si-
milar donations for like purposes in any other por-
tion of the confederacy. I am, therefore, opposed
to the bill upon principle; and I shall feel myself
called upon to give such a vote whenever occasion
shall require it.
Mr. HENDERSON insisted that, as Congress
was the exclusive legislature of this district, they
were imperatively bound to make provision for th*
poor of the District. He also characterized the in-
stitution as one of peculiar worth, giving employ-
ment to feooalrs, for the noble parpóse of saving
them from the necessity and unavoidable mortifica-
tion of throwing themselves and their families
wholly on pub'ic charity.
Mr. MERRICK (as a reply to Mr. Allxw) read
the memorial of this institution, in which its parti-
cular doings were clearly set forth, and in which it
was staled that they were now rendering their
most important assistance to ninety-two different
families.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut spoke at town
length in opposition to the bill.
Mr. LUMPKIN said it was rather a matter of
surprise, to contemplate the various channels or
modes of reasoning by which the human mind, in
different peisons, arrived at conclusions on die
same subject, and with the same evidence presented
for the consideration of all- At almost every session
of Congress, large appropriations of money have
been made and expended for the benefit and com-
fort of the people of the District of Columbia, as
well as that of the members of Congress-, officers
of Government, and citizens of the Union gene-
rally. We appropriate money for the improve-
ment of the streets and avenues of this city; to
construct bridges, railroads, and canals; to build
penitentiaries and jails; to aid colleges and hospi-
tals; to alleviate the calamities of sufferers by fire;
and last, though not least, vast sums have been
expended to beautify and ornament the extensive
pleasure grounds contiguous to this Capitol, and
the other public buildings in this city.
Yts, sir, millions have been expended in the
manner sugge*ted, and with but feeble, if any, op-
position by those who now so zealously oppose thia
humble and modest proposition to allow the guar-
dians of the poor and suffering widows and orphans
ot this place to make a judicious application of five
thousand dollars' worth of the waste and useless lots
belonging to the Government in this city, ine orj-
ject of the bill on your table is not to appropriate
money for the daily and direct subsistence of m
