443
indigent, but to afford the means to intelligent, judi-
cious, and benevolent individuals, to establish an
institution, under such rales and regulations as
may afford the means of giving employment to the
suffering poor of this city. Many, very many
persons in this city, are in abject poverty, often in
an actual state of suffering, who could and would
earn a reasonable subsistence, if they had employ-
ment suited to their ability to perform. It is to pro-
vide for such cases, and under such regulations as
I have stated, that this bill has been presented to
the Senate by the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
As regards the constitutional right of Congress
to allow these useless lots of the Government to be
ajplied to the benefit of the suffering poor of this
city, to the widow, the fatherless, and the orphan,
allow me to say, Mr. President, that when the gen
tlernen who oppose this bill with so much zeal, on
constitutional ground, will show me the clause of
the Constitution under which they claim the right
to make the various appropriations to which I have
adverted, and to be applied to the purpose* which
I have suggested, I will, in the very same clause of
the Constitution, show them the authority, in terms
equally explicit, to author ze the passage of this
bill,   I wi|l not be deterred, sir, from giving my
vole for this bill by the cry of mad dog.   I vote for
this-bill with much more pleasure and cheerfulness
than I could vote for the vast sums which have
been expended to ornament and beautify the ex- ¡,
tensive public grounds   around this magnificent
building.   I hepe I may not be considered destitute
of taste to enjoy the beauties of ornamental im-
provement, when I assure the Senate that my daily  ,
comfort and happiness depend much more upon
seeing   happy   and  comfortable   human   beings
around me, than any ornamental improvement
whatever.     Sir, suffering humanity   makes the
strongest appeal to the human breast.   Who can
enjoy comfort, and be happy, while the suffering
orphan, and care worn mother, are destitute of
food and raiment?
Mr. President, Congress is the only law making
Ewer to which the people of this District can
)k.," Here, sir  we have the power of exclusive
legislation. We have listened to and respected the
wishes of many of tne wealthy and influental citi-
zens of this District. Their petitions are attended to
Shall we then, sir, turn a deaf ear to the cry of p -
nury and «ant? Shall the poor pittance which this
bill extends to the humblest objects of our specif s,
become the great subject toábase our Constitutional
arguments upon? Are we, the constitutional repre-
sentatives, of this people, to deny ourselves the
light of exercising the common feel ngs of humani-
ty? Do not all Christian legislators, under all
forms of Government, legislate with special care
for life helpless?
Mr, President, as a member of the Com m tes on
the District of Columbia, the cries of this people
have reached my car. I feel that they are a por-
tion'of tmy constituents—a portion lamentably
neglected—often reproached when they deserve
sympathy. Congress brings upon this people vast-
ly^ more evils than benefits. All thatjmay be right-
fully done for the suffering poor should no longer
be neglected, and I trust this bill will receive the sanc-
tion of a majority of the Senate, notwithstanding
the ¡real with which it has been opposed.
Mr. HUBBARD, in reply, said that according to
ihe doctrine of the distinguished Senator from Geor-
gia, Congress should be considered as a great elee-
mosynary institution for the purpose ot dispensing
public and private charities. Sir, never in the
course of my life have I been more surprised than
I have, at the declared opinion of my honorable
friend upon the subject ot the power and duties of
Congress, under the Federal Constitution, in rela-
tion to this particular matter. What! s.r, is Con-
gress to beeome the great dispenser of charities?
Was that the purpose for which this Government
Was formed? And does that clause of the Federal
Constitution which gives authority to exercise ex-
clusive legislation in all cases over the District of
Columbra, impose upon Congress the obligation to
endow the charitable institutions of this District?
Does that Clause furnish a sufficient warranty to
Congress tó Uke ftom the public chest the people's
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
money for encouraging and patronizing the chari-
table efforts of individuals, or of associations, here
or elsewherel   No, sir, no.   From such a quarter,
little indeed did I expect to find an advocate  for
the measure now before the Senate, and for kmdr«d
object*.   Is the Senator aware 10 what extent his
doctrine will carry him?   If Congress can pass
this bill under the author.ty conferred by the clause
in the Constitution to which I have referred, then,
sir, I would ask if it has not the power to enter the
almshouse  of   this   District, and to  provide the
ways and the means of supporting the occupants of
that resort of public charity?   If it has power to
pass this bill, it has power to provide f r the sup-
port of all the paupers, not only of this District, but
also of the States.
If it has power to do this with the treasure of
the whole country, it has the power to relieve the
people of this District from every description of
taxation. It can make their highways, and adorn
their cities. And if the public money can be ap-
propriated for the support of the public paupers,
it can provide the means for the support of the
public schools of the District. There is noihing
within the wide range of District expenditure, but
what Congress can, with the money of the whole
people, adequately provide for. I protest against
all such latitudinanan doctrines. They are not,
in my judgment, to be sustained by the letter or
the spirit of the Constitution, under which we live,
and by which we profess to be governed.
This very morning, it was proposed to make a
disposition of the public funds, for the benefit of
the late sufferers at Natchf z. A few days since, a
bill was before the Senate, appropriating fie trifling
sum of three hundred thousand dollars for building
a railroad from this city to Alexandria. Will the
Senator from Georgia give his aid to those pro-
jects? Would he be wi ling to appropriate, from
the public Treasury, even the small sum of five
thousand dollars, for any chamable purpose, in my
own, or in bis own State? I hope not, sir. I can
go for no such appropriations I would oppose
this as I would oppose the appropriation for con-
structing the contemplated railroad to Alexandria.
I would oppose lhem because Congre-s possess not,
in my judgment,the constitutional right to makesuch
grants. As ihe trustee* of the people, it would be an
unwarrantab'e use of the trust fund to appropriate
it for any object not connected with the m'ercst of
the cestui que trust. Our business is, cr it should be,
to legislate for the who'e country. We can draw
on the Treasury ior the support of the General
Government. We have a clear right to appropri-
ate the public money for any objects connected
with the general defence of the. country. But, sir,
I deny that Congress has any constitutional right
to take a dollar from the funds of the whole coun-
try, to construct a read in one place, or to build a
church in another. What earthly power under the
Constitution, does Congress possess to make these
local and sectional improvements? None, sir, none.
Entertaining these views, I shall vote against this,
and every kindred measure. The Senator from
Georgia finds a justification, in his judgment, for
the vote which he intends to give upon this bill,
in the fact that such appropriations have hereto-
fore been made. This is true, sir, and made upon
precisely the same plea that is now urged for this
measure. But are we to look to precedent! to settle a
constitutional power? Precedents in the legislation
of Congress can be found for every thing, and the
misfortune is, that ihey are too frequently used
against the Government. Piece lents may be found
for and against appropriations of a local character.
For some they prove every thing, for others they
prove nothing; they are sometimes urged in favor
of a wished for appropriation; they are at
other times cited against particular measures.
The Senator asks for the authority to appro-
priate the public money to adorn and im-
prove these public grounds. My answer is that
these grounds and buildings are a portion of the
public property; and it is clearly within the power
of Congress to improve the public grounds and
buildings as they may think expedient.
It is confined to their discretion; that discretion
may have been abused, but the power cannot be
doubted.   But where is the justice in comparing
appropriations for the improvement of the public
grounds and public buildings, with the appropria-
tions contained in the bill now before the Senate?
Does it follow, that because Congress had the power
to appropriate the public money for the improve-
ment ot the property of the Government; does
it follow that, because it can alter, enlarge, or
adorn the public buildings to suit the convenience
of Congress, and according to its own discretion,
it can take the funds of the nation to build a
church in one place, and a railroad in another? No,
sir; the premises warrant no such conclusions.
My great object is to keep within the pale of our
authority, and to save the Administration from the
charge of wasteful and prcfligate expenditure, by
preventing at least appropriations not warranted by
the Constitution.
Mr. President, in opposing this bill, I am doing
only what I feel constrained, from a sense of pub-
lic duty, to do. I can only again repeat, that the
enterprise is well worthy of tho^e who have so ge-
nerously and so benevolently employed their best
energies in the prosecution of the object; but that
consideration is not sufficient to justify me in giv-
ing to this measure my support.
Mr. HENDERSON al eged that there was not
a State in the Union which did not make legisla-
tive provision for the poor. He would not say that
it was right to get the means from other States; but
he would say that Congress had the same right to
appropria'e public lands m this District for thesup-
port of its poor that any State could have to appro-
priate i's lands for a similar object.
Mr. CRITTENDkNsaid, if this was a viola-
tion of the Constitution, the Constitution was very
ofien violated, by grants for hospitals and other
establishments, as well as far public improvements
in the District. But what was the Constitution?
It gave exclusive legislation over the District to
Congress. Was this intended to be a cold, heart-
ies, unfeeling, unpitying legislation? Was it de-
signed that the Government should be kindly, pa-
rental, sympathizing, merciful, or was it to be a
Government which was to act for the benefit of it-
self, and to bear down on those governed, without
regard to their happiness, unfeeling, merciless, ty-
rannical? Congress might exercise its power; but
must be cautious to exercise it without charity, and
without con'ributing to the happiness and prosperi-
ty of the people, thus making ihem exiles from all
the benefits of a just and liberal Government! The
States all provided lor their peor, and it was
equally ths duty of this Government te provide for
the poor of this District.
Mr. HUBBARD said he was familiar with the
clause in the Constitution to which the Senator
from Kentucky has referred, and as he has re-
quested, I will willirgly give my opinion of the
extent of the power thereby conferred upon Con-
gress. It is true, according to the express terms of
that instrument, "that Congress shall have power
to exercise exclusive legislation, in all cases what-
soever, over such district (not exceeding ten miles
square) as may, by consent of particular Slates,
and the acceptance of Congress, become the feat
of the Government of the United States; and to ex-
ercise like authority over all places purchased by
the consent of ihe Legislature of the State in which
the same shall be, for the erection of forts, maga-
zine*!, arsenals, dock yards, and other needful
bui'dings." Under this power, Congress can esta-
blish a civil and a criminal code of laws for this
District. It can grant acts of incorporation; it can
establish a general system of taxation for the use
of this District. It can do these thing*; but it can-
not, by virtue of the power thus conferred, tax the
inhabitants of Alexandria for the exclusive benefit
of the city of Washington. It cannot compel the
city of Georgetown to support the poor, to make
the highways, or to bear exclusively the burdens of
the other two cities of this District. Under this
clause, Congress has no power to levy a direct tax
upon the peop'e of my State, or of any other State,
to be appropriated for the bent fit of this Dis-
trict. It has no power to withdraw from
the general fund—a fund collected from the
whole people, any portion to be expended on local
objects within this D'Strict. It has no power to
build school-houses, erect  churches, make rail-
