CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
roads, bes'ow charities, support the poor, or to edu-
cate the ehildfen in this city at the charge of the
whole country. There exists no more power to
make such an appropriation of the common fund
within this District, than to make a similar appro-
priation within any particular section of any State
of the Confederacy. Congress has power to legis-
late for this District; bat its inhabitants are bound,
under that legislation, to adopt their own municipal
regulations at their own proper charge. They are
bound jost as much to provid* for the support of
their own poor, and for the education of their own
children, as are the counties, towns, and parishes
of the respective States.
The Senator has asked whether New Hampshire
does not provide, by its legislation, for the supoort
of her paupers; and whether Congress has not the
same power, and the same duties, in relation to this
District, that the Legislature of that State has in re-
lation to her towns. Unquestionably. And what
power has the Legislature of New Hampshire over
the people of that State? It can pass general laws;
it can prescribe the duties of towns; it can impose a
system of taxation; but, sir, I deny that the Legis-
lature of New Hampshire has the power to compel,
by its legislation, a single town to bear the burdens
of the other towns—a single county to bear
the. burdens of the other counties. I utterly
deny that New Hampshire, or any other State
of this Union, can appropriate from the common
fund, the means drawn from the whole people of
the State, to support the schools, the paupers and
the highways of any particular town or of any par-
ticular section, to the exclusion of the other por-
tions of the State. My own State has no constitu-
tional power to levy a tax upon the people of my
own town—to build houses of charity in, or to sup-
port the unfortunate and ihs poor, of anoiher town.
And this is my objection to this bi'i; by direct or
indirect taxation you have drawn from the people
of my State a portion of the public funds—you have
no constitutional right to appropriate that portion
lor the accomplishment of any local object in this
District.
' Mr. President, I have no doubt that that this
bill will pass, and I have as little doubt that ano-
ther bill {will pass taking three hundred thousand
dollars from the Treasury to construct a railroad
to Alexandria. These things have been done, and
they will be done again. I am perfec'ly aware of
all this; and I am aware, aho, that I am perform-
ing a thankless office in opposing this bill—that by
my untiring opposition to these measures I am ren-
dering myself peculiarly obnoxious to the people of
this Distr.ct
But, sir, the^e consequences I nra->t hear. And
I can assure the Senator from Kentucky,
that it is from a conscientious conviction, (aftet the
most careful examination of the whole matter)
that Congress possesses not the power to make
these appropriations, that has induced and will
induce, me in the discharge of my bcunden duty
W my constituents, to oppose these measures, so
long as I shall have the honor of a seat in the
Senate of the United States. "With one additional
remark, I will resume my seat. Let the doctrines
which have been avowed this day on thi< floor be
carried out, and the time is not far distant when
we Shall not. only have to provide support for
all the paupers of this District, but we shall have to
provide also for the support of ihe schools—the
* highways and byways"—and for all other bur-
dens to wh;ch the District is subject. All that I
desire is, that I may be p?rmrtted to manifest my
determined opposition, by recording my nay to this
bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN would ask the Senator
whether Congress did not bear the same relation to
this District that the Slate Legislatures did to their
respective States?
Mr. HUBBARD.   Precisely.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And I understand that
New Hampshire provides for her poor.
Mr. HUBBARD. Yes; but at the expense of
the respective towns, and not out of the publ.c
Treasury.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But is it not in the power
of the Legislature to do it either way, by tewns, by
«unties, or by the whole State, out of the State
t i i
Treasury? That is the question. It is a Stats pro-
vision, made by law; a governmental chatity.
And if it is true that the States have this power,
and Congress has not, what is the consequence?
The poor of this District are accursed by law and
Constitution. The gentleman says they are still
entitled to individual charity. And so they are all
over the world. They ask thegentleman as a legisla-
tor for bread, and he gives them, not a stone, but
his blessing, and that is all.
Mr. MERRICK presented, and partly read, the
act of incorporation of the Howard Institution, (in
reply to Mr. Allen and Mr. Hubbird, who had
called it unincorporated.) He also showed that
Congress had granted $25,000 to the Columbian
College, $25,000 to Georgetown College, and
$10,000 each to two orphan asylum°, (in reply to
Mr- Hubbard, who had argued, a fortiori, that if
Congress had the power of charity they had the
power of education.)
The bill was passed by yeas and nays, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Buchanan, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Pulton, Henderson,
Kin?, Knight, Linn, Lumpkin, Merrick, Norvell,
Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Smith of Indi-
ana, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Walker, Wall, Web-
ster, White, and Young—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton. Brown, Gal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Grundy, Hubbard, Mou-
ton, Nicholas, Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Tap pan, Wright
—17.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States. The question being
on Mr. Wall's substitute for the bill—
Mr. STRANGE said, as no one appeared now
disposed to speak, he would offer his proposed
amendments to the substitute.
Mr. WALL remarked that the bill and substi-
tute proposed two different systems of bankruptcy,
and he thought it best to decide first on one of
them, as the groundwork of all future amend-
ments.
Mr. NORVELL said he could not vote for
either in i's present form, and he therefore hoped
the Senator from North Carolina would persist in
now offering his amendment to the substitute.
Mr. STRANGE now offered his first amend-
ment, which was understood to extend the opera-
ration of the substitute to all classes of person?,
expressly.
Mr. S. said the popular meaning of the term
bankruptcy extended, he believed, at the adoption of
the Constitution, to all classes; and the popular
meaning was to be taken, rather than the tech-
nical.
Mr. WALL argued against this doctrine, as
leading to th; worst and most inconsistent conse-
quences.
A long debate followed, in which Mr. WALL
Mr. STRANGE, and Mr. WALKER participated;
and without taking the question,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, May 27, 1840.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the proposition of the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Hillen] to make a
report from the Committee on Commerce, accom-
panied by a bill for a repeal of the act of 1837,
regulating pilots; and to the reception of which re-
port the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ccbtjs]
objected.
Mr. RUSSELL, who was entitled to the floor,
cited an instance in which a report of a committee
was reconsidered, the one objecting being the only
person who voted against the motion to reconsider.
The Manual, it is true, says that no vote of a com-
mittee can be altered except by a vote of the
House. This rule in the Manual was adopted
some 233 years ago by the British Parliament, and
now it was alleged that it was binding on the com-
mittees of this House. Mr. R. went into a history
of the manner in which Mr. Jefferson compiled
the Manual.   When compiling it, he connected
all the propositions which had existed for the go-
vernment of the British Parliament, and which had
governed the action of the committees of that body.
There was no such thing as standing committees
in that body at the time this rule was adopted.'
There was but one Committee of the Whole, and
committees to which special reference was made,
and no standing sommittees. He therefore argued
that that feature in the Manual was not applicable
to the standing committees of the House. He
also inferred, from the terms of the resolution
adopting the Manual for the government of the
House, that that rule in the Manual was not appli-
cable to the standing committees, but the Commit-
tees of the Whole only. He argued that no good,
but great injury, might result, if the power in the
committee to reconsider be denied to the House.
Mr. RANDOLPH considered the argument tbat
a standing committee had no power fo reconsider a
vote, was absurd. He went on to show that such
a course would lead to the most embarrassing re-
sults, and, by way of illustration, supposed a num-
ber of cases, where a denial of the power to recon-
sider would lead to the most absurd legislation.
Mr. DROMGOOLE thought it highly desirable
that this subject should be settled, so as to establish,
in future, a uniform rule for the action of commit-
tees. He examined at some length the arguments
for and against the right of a committee to recon-
sider its vo*e, and contended that there was no par-
liamentary or other authority by which such a
course could be pursued. It was clear that a com-
mittee was bound by its own acts, and could
not reconsider an order once made.
In case of any difficulty arising from the pre-
sentation of additional evidence, after a report ltd
besn made, such difficulty might always he oJbVfc'
ated by a recommitment. Mr. D. alluded tbljthe
parliamentary law of 1607, which decided tfiaf a
committee was, and must be, bound by . its own
vote; and gentlemen could not explain away that
law. In the course of his remarks, he denied the
power of a standing committee to keep a journal,
or to evade questions, by laying them on the table.
He contended that a committee was bound to de-
cide on all subjects referred to it,either for or against.
Mr. TILLINGHAST argued that, from the cir-
cumstance of no standing committees' having ex-
isted at the time this rule in the Manual was'
adopted by the British Parliament to regulate the
Committee of the Whole, and special com-
mittees of that body, it was, never contemplated
when the Manual was adopted as á part of the
rules of the House, that that "principle in the
Manual should apply to the standing committees,
but merely to the Committees of the Whole: The
morning hour having expired before Mr. T. con-
cluded,
Mr. ATHERTON called for the orders of the
day; before the House passed to which, however,
Mr. SERGEANT, on leave, made a statement
in relation to the memorial presented on Monday
by Mr. Adams, complaining of official misconduct,
on the part of Judge McLean, and which had "been
referred to the Judiciary Committee, of which Mr.
S. is chairman.
Mr. S. said it would be remembered that a few
days ago, the honorable member from Massachu-
setts had presented a memorial from a citizen of
that State, making certain charges, itt very grave
language, against the conduct of Judge McLean,
while acting on the Ohio circuit. The committee
thought it due to the judicial character, to the
bench, to the public, and to the memorialist him-
self, to give this matter an attentive and as early a1
consideration as possible; more particularly as the
memorial had been presented by a gentleman of as
much authority g  any in the Honse, although,
that gentleman nací stated that he had at first con-
siderable doubts as ft  the propriety of presenting it;
but a^ it had now been presented, it deserved the
immediate consideration which the committee had
unanimously concluded to give it. Further, thefen-
tleman from Massachusetts did not, for the most
praiseworthy motives, .iskthat the memorial shoold
be printed, or even read. This was to be regretted,
as,had the memorial bei?n read.thecommittee were
11 unanimously of opinion mat the House, anertwar-
i   ing it, would havi come to the same consuno  •}
