424
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fw^^—.......            '  ———
that of the committee, viw that the memorial ought
not to be entertained. After the reference, the com-
mittee proceeded to its consideration as speedily as
possible, and they had had already two meetings.
On the first meeting they deliberately considered
the case of the complainant on bis own statement,
unaccompanied by any sort of evidence on which
the slightest reliance could be placed. At the se-
cond meeting of the committee that morning there
Were seven members present, and they had unani-
mously come to the conclusion, without any hesita-
tion, after considering the whole ca e, that upon the
petitioner's own statement, there was nothing to
justify even an inquiry into the conduct of Judge
McLean. Kow the particulars of the charges, and
the remarks made on the presentation of the me-
morial, had gone forth to the country, and might
occasion a pause in the public mind as to the confi-
dence reposed in that officer, and in the Court of
which he was a member; and as this was the care,
the committee had thought right to instruct him to
make this statement. The report could not be pre-
pared immediately; therefore, the committee con-
sidered it a matter of justice that a statement of
what the report would be should be made without
delay, so that any unfavorable impression on the
public mind might be removed.
The memorial was one of a singula' character,
but peiaaps, however, not different from what
might have been expected from a disappointed liti-
gant, who thought he had much at stake in the
suit, and who had failed to gain his end. Under
inch circumstances, and in this slate of excitement,
there could be no doubt but that much allowance
ought to be made for the contumacious language of
the petition. This was the judgment pronounced
against the judge; and it struck him, that of all the
judgments in the world, that of a defeated litigant
in his own cause, and in his own behalf, was the
least entitled to consideration. Nevertheless, the
petitioner had made an issue in law between him-
self and the judge, and had assumed what the mo-
tives of the judge were, without any evidence. He
had charged the judge with error, and gross cor-
ruption and ignorance.
In this way he had gone on to make no less than
eighteen specifications, and bad named them "Cor-
i^jiiijnNo. 1, Cotruption No. 2, Corruption No.
3, etc." filling out the whole eighteen specifications
with "ignorance" and "corruption." Thus these
heavy charges were made upon no better founda-
tu n than the assertion of a defeated litigant, who
had undertaken to say the judge had decided wrong.
And with this he had produced an allegation that,
right or wrong, the judge had delayed his case, and
thus deprived him of an opportunity of appealing
to the Supreme Caurt of the united States, without
which appeal he was to be ruined. In making
those grave charges without any evidence, the pe-
titioner rested them on most'important principles in
the rules of the court, which rules, he admits, he had
no opportunity of seeing, and of which he does not
pretend to have any knowledge. He merely as-
sumes what the role of the circuit court is; and while
he admits that he does not know it, he rests his
charges en what he thinks it is, and that the judge.
has not acted in accordance (o it. This, however,
was contrary to fact, as the rale was in accordance
with the decision of the judge. He wou.d repeat,
that while there ought to be much allowance for
the excitement of a defeated litigant, yet it was
very difficult to account for the extraordinary reck-
lessness of the memorialist in making charges
against the judge so foul as these were. Mr. S.
concluded, by stating that his only object in mak-
ing the statement was to hare it known as early as
possible, that the committee were unanimous in
the opinion that there was no foundation for the
charges of the memorialist, nor wa* there any
thing in the slightest degree calculated to affect ths
cofidence reposed in Judge McLean.
Mr. ALFORD of Georgia moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the House had, last eve-
ning, passed the pre-emptson bill.
, Mr. A. proceeded to support his motion, profess-
ing himself a friend to the principle of pre-emption,
if confined to the bona fide settler, as was done in
Ihe early pre-emption bills; but a bill like that
which, bad so hastily been carried through the
House, he could consider as nothing else than a bill
to give the public domain to the new States. It al-
lowed any person, young or old, black or white,
who was on the land when the bill passed, to ob-
tain a pre-emption right. So, if a man had eigh-
teen children, (no uncommon number for a West-
ern family,) he would get, virtually, eighteen pre-
emptian rights. Mr. A. adverted to the great
anxiety which had been manifested to rush the bill
through the House, without explanation, or even
an attempt to defend it; for, as to the speech of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hubbard,] it only
made confusion worse confounded, and seemed ra-
ther to conceal the real merits of the bill from the
House. Mr. A. considered the public domain as
gone, unless the House should retrace its steps.
He called more particularly upon Southern gen-
tlemen to look at the effects of this bill—this land
stealer's bill—for robbing the poor settler, for the
benefit of the speculator. The bili was such, that
it would, before another Congress,' throw all the
choice lands of the West into the hands of specu-
lators. The public d main. from which so great a
portion of the revenue had hitherto been drawn,
would then be gone for little or nothing; and then
how was that deficiency in the Treasury to be sup-
plied, except by an increased tariff? He called
upon every honest man upon the floor to help him
in getting a reconsi 'eration; for it was one of the
most shameful and abominable measures that had
everbeen introduced into the House.
Instead of benefitting the hardy pioneer, who
went with his axe on his shoulder to cut down
trees, and build him a home in the wilderness, this
bill save to the speculator every chance of stealing
the land away from the honest settler. Every one
must have observed the manifest uneasiness there
was to get the bill through; and if its supporters
were not conscious that it was wrong, whence was
there so much haste—so much anxiety to stop all
debate by the previous question! What would be
the consequence? Why, before anoiher Congress,
he would repeat, that ths whole public domain
would be swallowed up by speculators, when it
would be then too late to repeal the law. He
called upon gentlemen to pause, ere it was too late,
and to join with him in reconsidering the vote, so
so that these obnoxious portions of it might be
amended. If they refused, the poor man must be
defrauded, and driven from his home, by these
hordes of land stealers and wealthy robbers; for he
would give his word that, for the next six months,
this bill would give rise to the formation of more
land companies than had ever existed before, who
would swallow up all the best lands, to the exclu-
sion of the poor, honest settler.
Mr. JAMESON inquired of the Chair whether
the bill was now in possession of the House, or had
been sent te the Senate?
The CHAIR replied it had gone to the Se-
nate.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana then made a point of or-
der, insisting that as the bill was not in possession
of the House, it was too late for the Híuse to re-
consider it.
The CHAIR overruled the objection.
Mr. ALFORD proceeded for some time, when
Mr. SMITH renewed the question of order, and
read a precedent to confirm his v ew.
Mr. ALFORD said he hoped the bill would be
sent for.
The CHAIR insisting on its decision that the mo-
tion to reconsider was in order,
Mr. SMITH took an appeal.
Mr. ALFORD spoke to order, and insisted on
the right of the House to reconsider, let the bill be
where it might.
Mr. LEET was in favor of sustaining the deci-
sion of the Chair; and after some remarks on the
question of order, he moved the previous question
on the appeal.
The previous question hiving been seconded,
and being about to be put,
Mr. SMITH withdrew his appeal.
Mr. PETRIKIN renewed it.
Much confusion here arose, but at length Mr.
P. was suffered to speak in support of this mo-
tion, which he did, insisting that the first thing to
to be done was to send for the bill before it could
be reconsidered.   Possibly the bill had been sent to
the President for his signature.
Mr. TILLLINGHAST spoke to the question of
order, contending that the right to reconsider was a
constitutional right of the House, which nothing
could take away. Though the Senate might have
sent away the bill, and though the President might
have signed it, if the House reconsider the vote on
the passage wiihin the time allowed by the rule,
the bill would remain a nullity; it would be of no
effect; in a word, it would not be a law.
Mr. WISE suggested to Mr. Alpord to move
that the bill be sent fur.
Mr. W. C JOHNSON, after some prelimina-
ry remarks, moved the previous question on the
appeal.
The motion was seconded, put, and carried, and
the main question being on sustaining the decision
of the Chair,
ij Mr. CRABB demanded the yeas and nays; but
the House refused to oreer them, and the vote be-
ing taken, the decision of the Chair was sustained
¡|  without a count.
'      Mr. ALFORD  then  resumed and proceeded to
speak with great earnestness against the bill, espe-
cially agiinst giving every settler on  one quarter
section of land a floating claim on the quarter sec-
tion adjoining, the re&ult of which would be equi-
valent to giving him both for the price of one; be-
cause the oiher would never ¡.ell, if  subject to the
float.    It also subjected the honest settler to the
; fraudulent  claims of speculators,  who could hire
]: perjured witnesses to swear him out of his improve-
! ment.    Mr. A. referred to great frauds perpetrated
; in Alabama, near his own  residence, and within
j \ his own knowledge.
;       While Mr. A. was proceeding in  his argument,
! the bill was returned from the Senate with  the
! signature of the Vice President, and taken up   to
the Chair to await the decision of the Speaker.
Mr. A. now commented with increased severity
on the unprecedented speed with which this bill had
got through both Houses, which he contrasted with
the snail like progress of many meritorious private
claims.
He spoke of the effect of the bill in covering the
16th section in every township reserved for purpo-
ses of education; and the result in ultimately
giving the settler who happened to have set down
on such section a float to the same amount. He
appealed, in conclusion, to Southern gentlemen, on
the effect of having the public lands thus filched out
cf the Government; it must necessaiily lead to an
increase of the tariff, &c.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama said the bill bad
been fully anal) zed before its passage by two of the
most able opponents of the bill; they had pointed
out all the evil efforis which they apprehended
would grow out of the passage of the measure; and
firmly believing that those gentleman, as well as
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Alpord] were
entirely mistaken in the construction they gave the
bill, and that their apprehensions of the bad effects
to grow out of it were not well founded, and be-
ing satisfied that no good could grow out of a pro-
tracted discussion, he moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Iowa took an appeal from
the decision of the Chair, that the motion to recon-
sider was in order; and was about proceeding to
discuss the appeal, when the Chair ruled that it
was not in order to discuss the appeal.
Mr. WISE here interposed, and said the gentle-
man's object avowedly was to say something upon
the merits of the bill. The section of country from
which he came was more interested in the measure
than any other, and therefore he hoped the House
would hear him. But there being cries of " ques-
tion,"
Mr. CHAPMAN withdrew his appeal.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS moved a call of the House,
and on that motion demanded the yeas and nays;
which having been ordered, were—yeas 69, nays
108.
'     So the House refused a call.
Mr. UNDERWOOD solicited the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Chapman J to withdraw the
motion tor the previous question, to enable him to
make a few remarks on the bill.
