4$6
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reported the bill from the best of motives. He had
done so from a strong attachment to the political
rights, interest, and equality of the new States, from
high considerations of principle, connected with
Stat* sovereignty, and from a desire that the other
new States should possess the same power to tax
the pnblic lands when sold, which was enjoyed by
the States of Michigan and Arkansas. If, how-
ever, the other new States did not desire the boon,
he should not, as he had said the other day.be dis-
posed to force it upon them. It was for them to
decide the question for themselves.
The bill was further supported by Messrs.
YOUNG, KING, SEVIER, HUBBARD, CLAY
of Alabama, TAPPAN, and ROBINSON, and
opposed by Messrs. WHITE and BUCHANAN;
when, the hour of one having arrived, it was
informally passed over.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The bill to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy was taken up.
Mr. WALL, by consent, amended the substitute,
by restricting it to persons engaged in "buying and
selling," instead of "trading."
Mr. STRANGE then moved to strike out the
words just inserted, so as to remove all restrictions,
and make it general in its application.
Mr. WALL spoke at length in opposition to this
amendment;   and it was advocated by Messrs.
STRANGE, WALKER, and WEBSTER; and,
the question being taken, it was carried—yeas 37,
• noes 3, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton.Brown,
Buchanan, Clay of Alabama, Clayton, Crittenden,
Cutbbert, Davis, Dixon, Pulton, Grundy, Hender-
son, King, Knight, Linn, Lumpkin, Merrick, Mon-
tón, Nicholas, Norvell, Porter, Preston, Roane,
Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of
Indiana, Southard, Strange, Stureeon, Tallmadge,
Tappan, Walker, Webster, and Wright—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Hubbard, Wall, and Wil-
liams—3.
Mr. STRANGE then moved to strike out that
part of the bill which, in the distribution of the as-
sets of a bankrupt, gave a preference to the claims
of a State, or those to whom State laws gave a pre-
ference; which, after some remarks by Messrs.
SOUTHARD, STRANGE, WALL, WEBSTER,
BUCHANAN, MOUTON, and WALKER, was
agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, May 28, 1840.
The SPEAKER announced that the first buñ-
n«s in ord r during the morning hour, was the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Curtis] against the reef pdon of
the report of the gentleman trom Maryland [Mr.
Hillkn] from the Committee of Commerce, ac-
companied by a bill for the repeal of the law regu-
lating pilots. The objection was raised on the
ground that since the adoption of that report of
the committee, it had reconsidered it and adopted
another report of different conclusions.
Mr. TILLINGHAST, who was entitled to the
door, contended tbat the House had abrogated the
principle of parliamentary law; that the standing
committees had no power to reconsider a vote, and
bad adopted the principle of reconsideration. The
rule of the House, according to the practice of the
House, being in direct conflict with the parliamenta-
ry practice of England, as laid down in the Manual,
was not, by the terms of its adoption, binding on
this House; because it was only so far adopted for
the government of the House, as when it coincided
and agreed with the principles of the standing
rules. He argued in favor of a committee to re-
consider its vote, as often as it thought proper to
enable it to come to the most correct conclusions,
and t« afford the House the most light upon the
questions committed to it.
Mr. RYALL, after some preliminary remarks,
in which he adverted to the facts of the case as
they at present stood, contended that the reference
of the remonstrances to the committee, after their
report had been ordered to be made, was of itself
a sufficient reason for the reconsideration of tbat
report.   Many of those remonstrances had come
from the State which he had the honor partly to re-
present; and standing as he did as a Representative
from New Jersey, it became his duty to ask what
was the situation in which those remonstrances
were placed? If it should be decided that the
committee had no right to consider them, after hav-
ing previously agreed upon a report, ^hat was to
be done with them? Were they to be considered
as in possession of the House, or of the Committee
on Commerce? It was in reference to this point
that he had risen to address the House. He fully
agreed with the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Dromqoole,] that this was a very important ques-
tion; and as it was a question of no party charac-
ter, one in which all must have an interest, he
hoped it would be at once settled. The question
they had to decide, was, whether there was any
rule of the House which would cover this matter.
He contended there was no rule. The inquiry
was, whether the House would now order that a
special rule should apply to the Committee on
Commerce, for it could not embrace the other
stand ng committees.
Mr. R. asked what were the objects proposed by
the reference of subjects like these to the standing
committees? Was it not with a view of getting all
the facts? Did not the committees report such facts
which formed the princip'es of action for the
House to legislate? If so, how absurd it was to
deny the power of reconsideration, when a refe-
rence of new matter made such a reconsideration
necessary. For his part, felt bound to give his
voice in favor of receiving the report of the chair-
man as the report of the committee.
Pending the remarks of Mr. R. Messrs. CUR-
TIS and HILLEN made son.e explanations in re-
lation to certain facts connected with the motion to
reconsider in the committee room,
Mr. HILLEN complained that the motion had
been made during his absence, and contrary to his
wish.
Mr. CURTIS stated that Mr. Hillen had been
distinctly told that such a course was intended, and
that it was not himself who made the motion, etc.
Mr. HABERSHAM argued that the committee
had the power to reconsider any vote it might give,
upon sufficient reason therefor. He also con-
tended that the authority cited from Jefferson's
Manual to the contrary, did not apply to the stand-
ins committees, but to the Committee of the
Whale.
Mr. DICKERSON was proceeding to give his
views on the subject, when
The CHAIR announced that the morning hour
had expired.
Mr. ATHERTON called for the orders of the
day.
Mr. TRIPLETT asked the consent of the House
to present a bill supplementary to the preemption
bill, passed en yesterday, restricting the right of
pre-emption to heads of families and housekeep-
ers; and to prevent any other person from locating
the lands on which a settler may have his dwelling,
and improvements,-and farm, until it may have
been exposed to sale at public auction.
Mr. T. said he had consulted the men who had
a practical knowledge of the subject, and who
lived among the settlers, and it had met their ap-
probation. It had also met the approbation of the
Chairman of the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. LINCOLN inquired by what authority the
chairman dispenses such a favor.
Mr. TRIPLETT said it was not a favor, but a
matter of right. Mr. T. moved to suspend the
rules, and demanded the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The CHAIR informed the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Triplítt] that he could not make the
motion to suspend the rules, inasmuch as he was
not entitled to the floor—the House having deter-
mined to pass to the orders of the day. The gen-
tleman could make his motion in the morning.
Mr. TRIPLETT then gave notice that he would
on tomorrow move to suspend the rules for the
purpose of submitting the bill.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Banks in the chaift) and re-
sumed the consideration of the Senate \ill, pror
viding for the safekeeping, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue—the question pendin 
being on the motion of Mr. Cushing to strike out
the enacting clause.
Mr. LOWELL being entitled to the floor, re-
sumed his remarks from last evening in defence of
the bill. With a viev of showing the evil effects
of a paper money system, he reviewed at some
length the course of the continental Congress at the
time of the war in issuing such large amounts of
bills, which, notwithstanding every effort to the
contrary, became so depreciated, that at one time
five hundred dollars of it would not purchase a
day's food for a laboring man. He then went on
to argue that Congress had no constitutional power
to employ banks, and establish them as fiscal
agents for the disbursement of the revenue in pa-
per money; but on the contrary it was the clear in-
tention of the convention who framed that com-
pact to provide for a hard money currency.
In proof of the position thus assumed, he gave a
history of proceedings of that convention, and
showed that the power of the Government to make
a paper currency was expressly denied by a vote
taken therein. He also cited the opinions of Ma-
dison, and other distinguished men of that day,
and also quoted from the writings of Madison, and
portions of the debates in the convention, which
proved beyond cavil, that it was never contem-
plated that this should be any thing but a hard
money Government.
He then showed the great superiority of the
present measure in point of convenience and secu-
rity, over any other system for the keeping of the
public revenue. He gave a detailed history of
the Bank of the United States, and the great evils
which had resulted from the employment of that
institution as the fiscal agent of Government. For
the purpose of showing the sympathy which ex-
isted between the paper system of this country
and England, and between the Bank of England
and the Bank of the United States, he gave a
history of the expansions and contractions of these
institutions, and proved that very soon after the
Bank of England inflated the currency and gave
every thing a high nominal value, the Bank of the
United States, and all the State institutions, followed
snit; and that on the other hand, when the Bank of
England made a contraction of the currency and
involved that country in common ruin, by throw-
ing out of employment all the laborers and me-
chanics, and causing a complete stagnation in com-
merce and business of all kinds, that the banks of
this country soon after pursued the same course,
and produced the like misery and wrectchedness.
He showed that the banking system made this an
importing instead of an exporting country. That
it periodically so inflated and depreciated the cur-
rency, and gave such a high nominal value to
every thing, that it turned the balance* of trade
against this country—that it enabled the British
manufacturers so far to undersell the product of
such manufacturers in the United States as to
throw out of employment the labor of this
country in those establishments, and to give em-
1'loyment to foreign labor. That the opera-
tions of these institutions gave periodically such
an unnatural stimulation to trade by inflating the
currency that it caused the merchants to import
more in one year than the nat on could consume
in three; and thus, by the same process which em-
barrassed the operations tof trade.it cnt off the
revenues of ihe Government, and embarrased its
operations. He proved that the banks had, in-
stead of attending to their legitimate operations ia
this country, established agencies in England, to
speculate in cotton, tobacco, and to deal in State
stocks. He proved that by such operations a 
these, the business of the United Stales , of all
kinds, was in an embarrassed condition; and the
derangement of the currency was in consequence
of the acts of the banks, and not attributable to the
policy, or any act of the Administration. The banks,
he said, had, by their own acts, divorced themselves
from the people, and from the people's Government,
at the very time, too, when they were cherished by
the Government; and he was in favor of that di-
vorce continuing; he was utterly opposed to con-
necting again the banks, with their tremendous and
