42*
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
refused, it would plainly prove that they dore not
propose their system, and that they were waiting to
establish th«ir favorite United States Bank, not by
argument, but by tufftñng.
The remarks of Mr. A. will be given in extenso
as early a* convenient.
Mr. LEET next obtained the floor, but, without
proceeding in his remarks, the committee rose;
when,
O a motion of Mr. CURTIS,
The House, at 9 o'clock, p. m. adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, May 29, 1840.
Mr.  CUTHBERT presented   the petition of J.
D.Gibson; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Richard Higeins; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claim*.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill for the relief of Mary Preityman;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Ambrose Ca-
sey, made an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Mary Snow; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BUCHANAN,  from   the   Committee on
Foreign Relations, to which was referred a bill to
* carry into effect a convention between the United
States, and the Mexican Republic, reported  the
same without amendment.
Mr. B. also, from the same Committee, reported
a joint resolution, authorizing the President of the
United States to accept certain pres°nts from the
Imaum of Muscat, and the Emperor of Morocco,
and to dispose of the same; which was read twice,
and ordered to bs engrosed for a thud reading.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, the vole by
which the unfavorable repoit of the Committee on
Naval Affairs in the case of Richard Mason was
agreed to, was reconsidered.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the bill for the
relief of General D. L. Clinch was recommitted
to the Committee on Claims.
An act to amend an act approved the 18th of Ja-
nuary, 1839, entitled an act to amend an act enti-
tled an act to require the judge of the District of
East and West Tennessee to hold a court at Jack-
son, la said Stale, approved June the eighteenth,
eighteen* hundred and thirty-eigh', and for other
purposes, was considered as in committee of the
whole, and ordered to be engrossed fer a third
reading.
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Philip Barbour, was discussed by
Messrs. LINN, HENDERSON, WALKE-i, and
STRANGE, and its further consideration post-
poned until Monday next.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following mo-
tion, which was agreed to:
Retohed, That the Secte'aryof War be, and he
is hereby directed, to communicate to the Senate
the correspondence between the District Attorney
of the United States for the Delaware District, and
the War Department, relative to the proceedings
which have been taken for the recovery of the
Peapatch,' and the correspondeace between the
persons claiming the said Peapatch, or their agents,
and the Department, since the 1st of March, 1839.
Mr. DA>IS submitted the following motion,
which was agreed to:
Retohed, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of modify-
ing the law in relation to seamen discharged in
foreign ports.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States, and after several
amendments had been proposed, discussed, and
disposed of, the further consideration of the bill
was postponed until Monday next.
The Senate then went into Executive session,
And afterwards adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, May 29, 1840.
Mr. CH1NN asked leave to submit a resolution,
calling upon the Postmaster General for informa-
tion of the time when the postmaster at Baton
Rouge became a defaulter, &c.
Objection having been made to its reception,
Mr. CHINN moved to suspend the rules, to en-
able him to offer it, and on that motion demanded
the yeas and nays; which, having been ordered,
were—yeas 54, nays 34.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. TRIPLETT gave notice that ha would, on
Monday next, ask leave to introduce the bill indi-
cated by him on yesterday, supplementary to the
act granting pre-emptions to settlers on the public
lands.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the question of order raised by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Curtis]
against the reception of the report of the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Hillen,] from the
Committee on Commerce, accompanied by a bill
for the repeal of the law regula'ing pilots.
Mr. DICKERSON, who was entitled to the
floor, argued in favor of the light and power of
a committee, under the settled principles of rules,
to reconsider a vo'e. He said the gentlemen,
who now questioned the right of a committee t« re-
eonsider a vote on the adoption of a report, should
have met the question when it was proposed to re-
fer the remonstrances which were received since
the adoption of that report. The vote had been re-
considered, and the House, by th* act of referenee '
of the remonstrances, received subsequently to the ,
report, was, in itself, authority to the committee to j
reconsider. He considered it a matter settled.
He argued that it was a power inherent in all de-
liberative bodies to recon*ider; and that the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] was
mistaken when he supposed the committees
claim the right by the rule to reconsider, such
was not the case. That right existed; but if
the rule was applicable at all, it was to con-
trol the power and natural right of commit-
tees to reconsider; and not to confer the right. It
could not be to confer the right, because the right
was inherent m the body. The rules merely rf gu-
lated the natural powers of the committees or of
the House. Thereft re those who contend that a
committee had no right to reconsider, must show
that there was a limitation in the rule of the right
to reconsider. He argued, by the terms of the
adoption of the rule, that the power had not been
limited. Mr. D. adverted to the practice of the
committees to show that they had exercised the
power to reconsider; and cited a case at this ses-
sion, in the Committee of Elections, where the ques-
I tion had been raided, and had been decided by a
vote of that committee of seven to one, that they
had the power to reconsider. He argued that, from
the circumstance no instance could be found since
the formation of the Government, where a com-
mittee had asked the privilege of the House
to reconsider a vote, that the power must
have been exercwed by the committees, without
any authority from the House. If such had
not been the case, many erroneous decisions
mo«t have been made by the committees. The
right was as important to the committee as it was
to the House. He was willing that the Manual
should have all the effect it was intended to have
by Mr. Jefferson, but he did not believe that it was
ever intended that this principle of the Manual,
which had bsen quoted against the right of a com-
mittee to reconsider, was ever intended to be opera-
live and binding on the standing committees. If
the principle should obtain, it would give the mi-
nority of the committee the power to control the
majority on the final action.
Mr. CRAIG said the only question before the
House now was, whether the rule which prohibits
the right of a committe to reconsider, was in fact a
rule adopted by the House. He contended that by
the adoption of the parliamentary law as laid down
in the Manual by Mr. Jefferson, such a rule was
in existence. The rule expressly says that no com-
mittee shall reconsider a vote except by authority
of the House,   The arguments that had been ad-
vanced might be a good reason why such a rule
should not be adopted,or that it should be repealed
but could not change or set aside the rule as it now
existed. The rule was in existence and imperative
that the committee shall not reconsider.
Mr. POPE made an argument in favor of the
right of the committee to reconsider a vote, and
contended that the report of a committee was not
complete till the report was received by the House.
Mr. BR1GGS obtained the floor; when
The SPEAKER announced that the morning
hour had expired.
Mr. J. W. JONES said in consequence of the
advanced period of the session, and there being so
many important publ.c bills on the calendar to be
acted on, he felt himself impelled, by a sense of
duty to the country, to make a motion to suspend
the rules in re'ation to private business. He then
asked a suspension of the rules to enable him to
offer a resolution that the House would then re-
solve it elf into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. He said that he would, it ihe
resolution be adopted, move in committee to take
up the Independent Treasury bill.
Mr. J. C. CLARK said he would agree to vote
for the motion to suspend the rule, if the gentle-
man would consent to go into committee en the
appropriation bills.
[The Independent Treasury bill is the unfinished
bus ness of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. When the Administration
party made an effort to go into committee on the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, which was
recently passed, the Opposi ion were anxious to
take up the Sub-Treasury bill in preference, and
taunted ihe Administration with a desire to evade
action on the Sub-Treasury bill, to defeat it by
staving it off to the end of the session. The Oppo-
sition were then in favor of acting on the Sub-
Treasury, and now they are for delaying action on
it, and to take up the appropriation bills, and thus
defeat the bill.]
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and disagreed to by yeas 106,
nays 84, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hugh J Anderson, Atherton, Banks, Beat
ty, Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Albert G Brown, Burke,
Sampson H Butler, William O Butler, Bynum, Carr, Carroll,
Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, Connor, Mark A
Cooper, William R Cooper, Craig, Crary, Cross, Dana, John
Davis, Dickerson, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Eail, Eastman, Ely,
Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd, balbraith, Griffin, Hammond, Hand,
John Hastinas, Hawkins, Hill of North Carolina, Hillen,
Holleman, Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, Jackso , Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W Jones, Kemble,
Kille, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, Mc-
Clellan, McCulloch, McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Miller,
Montanyaj Samuel W Morns, Newhard, Pamsh, Parmeu
ter, Parris, Paynter, Petnkin, Jickens, Prenliss, Ramsey,
Reynolds, Rhett, Edward Rogers, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw,
Shepard, Albert Smrth, John Smith, Thomas Smith, S ark-
weather, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, s-wearingen, Sweney,
Taylor, Philip F Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vander-
poel, David D Wagener. Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams,
and Henry Williams—K>6
NAYS—Messrs. John W. Allen, Baker, Bell, Bond, Bnggs,
Brockway, Calhoun, W B Campbell, Carter, Chinn, Clark, J.
Cooper, Crabb, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cushmg, Edw.
Davies, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Del let, Edwards,
i Evans, Everett, Fillmore. James Garland, Rice Garland, Gen-
1 try, Giddings, Goggm, Goode, Giaham, Graves, Green, Grin-
] nell, Habersham, Hall, William S Hastings, Hawes, Henry
Hill of Va, Hoffman, James, Jenifer, Chas Johnston, W. C,
Johnson, Kempshall,Lincoln, McCarty,Marvin,Maaon,Mitchell,
Morgan, Calvary Morris, Osborne, Peck, Pope, Profflt, Randall,
Randolph, Rariden, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Seieeant,
Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Storrs, Stuart, Taliaferro, Wad-
dy Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Tnplett, Trumbull, Under-
wood, Edward D White, John White, Thomas W. Wil-
liams Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and Christopher
H. Wrlliams-Si.
Not being two^thirds, the rules were not sus-
pended.
Engrossed bill for the* relief of John W.
Fauuce and Oliver Perren came up on its pas-
sage, when,
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, its further conside-
ration was postponed till to-morrow.
Engrossed bill for the relief of John J. Roane was
next taken up; and,
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, who was opposed
to the bill on principle, it was postponed.
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Fry came up
on its engrossment.
Mr. TILLINGHAST made a few remarks in
favor of the bill.
Mr. PROFFIT moved so to amend the bill as to
insert the words, "according to law."
Mr, TILLINGHAST opposed the motion as
