CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
unusual and unnecessary; when the question was
taken on the amendment, and disagreed to.
The bill was ihen ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading to-day.
Tne bill lor the relief of General Daniel Parker
came up in its order for engrossment; and
A debate ensued, in which CAVE JOHNSON
participated in opposition to the bill on the ground
that there was not the shadow of foundation for the
claims, and.Messrs. LINCOLN,GOGGIN, and W.
THOMPSON, participated in its favor, contendirg
that the claim* had be?n allowed to other officers
nnder similar circumstances; and that it had re-
ceived the unanimous sanction of the Military Com-
mittee. Bsfore the bill was passed upon, the
Hou«e, at the hour of2i o'clock took its usual recess-
EVENING SESSION.
The SPEAKER took the chair at the hour to
which the House adjourned.
There being ant eighteen members present, the
House remained in a state of quie.cence for ten
minutes; when
Mr. BR1GGS moved a call of the Hou'e; which
motion was disagreed to.
Mr. McCULLOH moved that the House ad-
journ; and on which motion the yeas and nays
having been ordered, were—yeas 5, nays 53, as
follows:
YEAS—Mean. Burke, Goggin, Holteman, McCulloh, and
Petrikio—5.
NAY3— Messrs. Banks, Baker, Beatty, Briggs, Calhoun,
Cur, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Coles, Mark A. Cooper, Wm.
R. Cooper, Craig, Edward Davies, John Davis, Dellet,
D n, Duncan, Ear], Eastman, Edwards, Everett, Gerry,
fíxklinga,Henry, Howard, James, Charles Johnston, C. Johnson,
Kempshail, Kille, Leadbetter, Lewis, Lincoln, McKay,
Miller, Montanya, Pairish, Pope, Randall, Russell, Ryall,
Samuels. Thomas Smith, Stanly. Strong, Taliaferro, Taylor,
Toland, Wick, J. W. Williams, T. W. Williams, Henry Wil-
liams, and Lewis Williams—53.
Mr. BANKS moved a call of the House; which
was ordered, by—yeas 34, nays 26.
The roll was called over, and 85 members
answered to their names; and tke list of absentees
were called over till 114 answered to their names;
when
Mr. BANKS moved that the doors be opened for
the parpóse of admitting those gentlemen who were
outside the door; who he believed would make
a qnoram.
The lñt ol absentees having been called over,
the following gentlemen, who were not present, were
excused for various causes, viz: Messrs. Andrews,
Anderson, Adams, Brewster, Davis of Indiana,
Granger, Hammond, J. W. Jones, Lawrence,
Naylor, Reed, Raridea, Wagener, and S. Wil-
liams.
Mr. MARVIN moved to suspend all further
proceedings in the call, whi¿h was disagreed to on
a count, bv—ayes 37, noes 45.
Mr. GRAVES moved that the Sergeant-at-Arms
take the absentees into custody; but
Bar. BANKS having expressed a wish to debate
that motion,   *
Mr. GRAVES withdrew it.
Mr. JENIFER moved that the Honse adjourn.
Mr. LEWIS demanded the ye?s and nays on
that motion; which, on a count, were not ordered
—ayes 39, noes 33.
The question was then tairea on the motion to
adjourn, and disagreed to.
Mr. BANKS said, by opening the door*, a quo-
rum would soon be present to do the business of
the nation; he, therefore, moved to dispensa with
farther proceedings in the call; and, on that
motion,
Mr. HUBBARD demanded the yeas and navs;
which, having been ordered, were, yeas 55,
nay« 51.
So all farther proceedings in the call were dis-
peaaed with.
Mr. EVANS moved that the Honse adjourn;
bnt the yeas and nays having b*en ordered, he
withdrew the motion.
The doors having been opened, and a quorum
now being, present, the House proceeded to
business.
The question being on ordering the bill for the
relief of Gen. Daniel Parker to be engrossed for a
third reading,
Mr. GRAVES demanded the previous question;
which bavin; received a second, and lb  question
being then, «'Shall the main question be now put?"
that is, on ordering it to be engrossed,
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded the yeas and nays;
which, having been ordered, yere—yeas 75, nays
So the bill having been ordered to be engrossed,
was engrossed, and read the third time and passed.
Engrossed bill for the relief of Benjamin Fry,
was then real the third time and passed.
The bill for the relief of Andrew Low, the as-
signee of Low, Taylor and Co. came up in its or-
der on the question of engrossment; when
Mr. PETRIKIN, who opposed the bill in a few
remarks, contending that it had not received the
sanction of the majority of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and that it would take several
hundred thousand dollars out of the public Trea-
sury, moved to recommit it to the Committee of
Ways and Means, wiih instructions to report as
the committee may find the facts to warrant.
Mr. EVANS said the committee had given the
bill full consideration—had reported all thefacts
in the case—and that it had been agreed to
by a large majority of the Committee of Ways and
Means; that, so far from the bill taking from the
public Treasury several hundred thousand dollars,
the whole amount of the duties paid on the
goods (a part of which this bill proposes to refund)
was but #44,000.
Mr. HABERSHAM made some remarks in ex-
planation of the bill, and in its favor.   Then
Mr. STANLY obtained the floor, and moved
the previous question; which received a second.
Mr. BROWN of Mississippi moved that the
House adjourn; which was disagreed to—ayes 39,
noes 54.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. PETRIKIN again moved that the House
adjourn; which question was taken by tellers,
Messrs. Graves, and Chapman of Alabama acting
as such, and was disagreed to by ayes 60, noes 71.
The question then recurring on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading,
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded the yeas and nays;
which having been ordered, were—yeas 80, nays
51.
The bill having been engrossed,
Mr. MARVIN moved the previous question on
its passage; which having received a second, and
the main question being ordered, the bill was read
a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE,
The House, at the hour of 7 o'clock, p. m. ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, May 30, 1840.
Mr. ATHERTON gave notice that on Monday
next he would make the following motion:
Resolved, That so much of the 127th role of the
House as is in the following words, to wit: "Nor
shall any iule be suspended except by a vote of at
least two-thirds of the members present," be, and
hereby is, so far rescinded, that the House may, at
any time, by a vote ol the majority of the rSembers
present, suspend the rules and orders of the House
for the purpose of going into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Un'on.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the question of order raised by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ccrtis] against
the reception of the report of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Hillen,] from the Committee on
Commerce, accompanied by a bill for the repeal of
the law regulating pilots.
Mr. BRIGGS spoke in favor of the power of the
committee to reconsider a vote, when
Mr. VANDERPOEL obtained the floor, said
the question bad been sufficiently discussed, and
moved the previous question; which was se-
conded.
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved a call of the
House,      .
The CHAIR said that motion was not in order,
the previous question having received a second.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS, for the purpose ef gaining
time, and getting a more full House before the
question was taken, as it was an important one,
moved that the House adjourn, and on that no-
tion demanded the yeas and nays; which having
been ordered,
Mr. W. withdrew the motion, and substituted a
motion to lay the whole subject on the table, and
asked for the yeas and nays on that motion;
which having been ordered, were—veas 18. nays
126.
So the House refused to lay the question of re-
ception on the table.
The question recurring on the reception of the
report of Mr. Hillen, as the report of a majority
of the Committee on Commerce, the question was
read from the journal as follows, to,wit:
"Mr. Hillen, a member of the Committee on
Commerce, to which was referred memorials from
pilots in New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Nor-
folk, and Charleston, praying for a r«peal of the
law of March 2, 1837, concerning pilots, offered
to make a report, as from said committee, accom-
panied by a bill to repeal the said act, and before
the said report and bill were read,
"Mr. Curtis, chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, objected to the reception of the report,
on the ground that it was not the act of a majority
of the committee; although the committee in the
first instance had adopted the report now offered to
be made, yet it had reconsidered that decision up-
on the reference by the House of additional papers
to the committee, relating to the subject; and had
reversed its first decision, and directed him to make
a report of a directly opposite character to the re-
port now offered, which he was ready to submit to
the House."
[This whole question turned upon the right of
the committee to reconsider the vote¿. adopting the
report which the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Hillen] proposed to make. Jefferson's Manual,
which has been adopted as rules for the govern-
ment of the House when not inconsistent with the
standing rules, says: "When a vote is once passed
in committee, it cannot be altered but by the
House, their voles being binding on themselves."
There was no standing rule with which this
clause in the Manual could conflict, and conse-
quently was the only rule, in this particular, for
the government of the committee.]
Mr. RANDOLPH demanded the yeas and nays
on the question of reception.
Mr. HILLEN inquired of the Chair if the
question was not, whether the report offered by
him from the Committee on Commerce, "shall be re-
ceived as the majority report."
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Tne yeas and nays having been ordered, were,
yeas 86, nays 83, s s follows:
YEAS—Messrs Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton, Banks, Beatty,
Beirne, Black, Bhckwell, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Burke,
Sampson H. Butler, Wm. O. Butler, Carr, Carroll, Chapman,
Clifford, Coles, Craig, Cross, Cushing, Dana, Davee, John
Davis, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman,
Fletcher, Floyd, Galbraith, Gerry, Hammond, Hand, John
Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of >orth Carolina, Hillen, Hopkiim
Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson,
Nathanie1 Jones, Leadbetter, Leet, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, Mc-
Clellan, McKay, Malloiy, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Moriian-
ya, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parrish, ParrÍ3, Paynter,
Petrikin, Prentiss, Reynolds, Rives, Edward Rogers, Samuels,
Shaw, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter,
Sweanngen, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Turner, Vanderpoel,
David D. Wagener, Watterson, Weller, Wick, Jared W.
Williams, and Henry Williams—8
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Baker, Bell, Bond,
Briggs,-'Brockway, Antoa Brown, Calhoun, John Campbell,
Wm. B. Campbell, Carter, Casey, Chinn, Clark, James
Cooper, Crabb, Cianaton, Crockett, Curtis, Da vies, Damon,
Deberry, Dickerson, Dellet, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Fill-
more, Fisher, James Garland, Rice Garland, Giddings, Gog-
ein, Goode, Graham, Griffin, Grennell, Habersham, HalT,
William 8. Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoff-
man, Hunt, James, Charles Johnston,Kempshall, Kille, Lin-
coln, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Morgan, Calvary Mom1*, Nay-
lor, Osborne, Peck, Pope, Randall, Randolph, Rayner,
Ridgway, Russell, Ryall, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Slade, Truman
Smith, Stanly, Sorra, Stuart, Taliaferro, TilUnghaat, Toland,
Triplett, Trumbull, Warren, John White, Thomas W. Wil.
liams, and Lewis Williams—83.
So the report of Mr. Hillen, as a report from
the majority of the Committee on Commerce, ac-
companied by a bill for the repeal of the la,* regu-
lating pilots, was received.                            <
The Clerk was in the act of reading a  report
and bill; when he was interrupted by    *
Mr. RANDOLPH, who inquired of the Chair
whether a motion to recomatft «ras *ot in order.
The CHAIRrep!i*4,A*  t*<mldbe> after 4a
bUÍjrÍS|í¿QLfH 9*^  ¡WW  * «* *• t^h
