CONGRESSIONAL ÓLOBE.
26th Cong...~...~1st Síss.
TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1840.
Volume 8...........No. 28.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Continued from JV . 27.
r.ght of another member by calling the previous
question, if that is to be construed as cutting off the
demand for the consideration. So far as the pre-
vious question precluded debate upon the resolu-
tion itself, it was no violation of the rights of any
other member to permit the mover to call the pre-
vious question, because, under any view of the
case, be would be entitled to the floor to make this
demand, before another could get it to debate the
main question. And here, too, he was sustained
by a previous decision of his predecessor: "At the
third session of the Twenty-fifth Congress, Mr.
Giunt of New York moved a resolution, and de-
manded the previous question, when objection to
the consideration of the said resolution being made,
it was laid on the table, under the rale."—House
Journal, page 398.
This resolution would, therefore, lie over.
Mr. SMITH appealed from ihat decision, and
on that appeal moved the previous question.
Here much confusion arose, from many mem-
bers attempting to speak at once; and it was some
moments before order could be restored.
The SPEAKER said the appeal was not de-
batable.
Mr. PROFPIT asked whether, in case the ref-
lation should be entertained, and debate arose,
It would not necessarily lie over. He gave notice
that he objected to it
The SPEAKER said it would be quite time
enough, when the question on the appeal should
have been decided.
Mr. BANKS desired the Clxsk to read the rule
which related to notice of resolutions; which was
read accordingly.
Mr. SMITH repeated his call for the previous
question on the appeal, which was seconded, and
the mam question being ordered, the question
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand?" was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 94, nays 115.
The previous question moved by Mr. SMITH,
when he submitted the resolution, was then se-
conded.
The main question was then ordered to be put—
yeas 119, nays 83, as follows:
YEAS—Memrs. Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton, Banks, Beatty,
Beime, Black, BlackweU, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, A. 6.
Brown, Burke, Sampson H Butler, William O. Bauer, By-
nam, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Col-
quitt, Connor, Mark A Cooper, Craig, Crary, Dana, Davee,
Joan Davis, John W. Davis, Dickerson, Doan, Doig, Droom-
foole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance,
lalbraith, James Garland, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond, Hand,
John Hastings, Hawkins, Hill ol North Carolina, Hillen, Hol-
Jeman, Hook, Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson,
Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, JohnJW.
Jones, Keim,Kemble, Kille, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis,
Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCullocb, McKay, Mai lory, Mar-
chand, Mednl, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Samuel W.
Morns, Newhard, Parnsh, Parmenter, Pams, Pay oter, Petri-
tan, Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rhett, Rives, Ed-
ward Rogers, James Rogers, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard,
Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather,
Bteenrod, Strong, Sumpter, Sweanngen, Sweney, Taylor,
Philip F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Vanderpoel,   Vroom, D.
D.   Wagener,  Watterson,  Weller, Wick,  Jared W.   Wil-
liams, Henry Williams, and Worthington—119.
NATS—Messrs. Adams, J. W. Allen, Andrews, Baker, Bar-
nard, Bell, Bond, Bnggs, Brockway, Anson Brown. Calboun,
Joba Campbell, William B. Campbell, Carter, Cliinn, Clark,
James Cooper, Crabb, Crockett, Curtis, Cushing, Davies,
Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Dellet, Edwards,
Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Gentry, Giddings, Goggin, Goode,
Graham, Graves, Green, Grinneli, Habersham, William S.
Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, James,
Wm. Cost Johnson, Kempshall, Lincoln, Marvin, Mason,
Mitchell, Morgan, Calvary Morns, Naylor, Nisbet, Ogle, Pope,
Promt, Randolph, Rayner, Reed, Ridgway, Russell, SaUonatall,
«lade, Stanly, Storrs, Stuart, Taliaferro, W. Thompson/Tilling-
hast,Toland, Triplet!, Trumbull, Underwood, P. J Wagner,
E.  D White, JohnWhite, T. W. Williams, Lewis Williams,
J. L. Williams, and Christopher WiUiama-«3.
The main question on the adoption of the reso-
lution was then put, and decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 119, nays 87, as follows:
kins, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kem-
ble, Kille, Leadbetter, Leet. Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas,
McClellan, McCulloh, McKay, Mallory, Marcband, Medill,
Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, New-
hard, Parish, Parmenter, Parris, Paynter, Petnkin, Pickens,
Prentiss, Piofiit, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rhett, Rives, Edward
Rogers, James Rogers, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, A.
Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod,
Strong, Sumter, Sweanngen, Sweney, Taylor, P. F Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Vanderpoel, Vroom, David D. Wagener,
Watterson, Weller,Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams,
and Worthington—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Andrews, Baker, Barnard,
Ball, Biddle, Bond, Briggs, Brockway, Anson Brown,
Calhoun, W. B. Campbell, Carter, Chinn, Jas. Cooper, Crabb,
Crockett, Cushing, Edward Davies, Garret Davis, Dawson,
Deberry, Dennis, Dellet, Edwards, Evans, Fillmore, James
Garland, Gentry, Giddings, Goggin, Goode, Graham, Graves,
Green, Grinneli, Habersham, Hall, William S. Hastings,
Hawes, Henry, Hoffman, Hunt, James, Charles Johnston,
Wm. Cost Johnson, Kempshall, Lincoln, Marvin, Mason,
Mitchell, Morgan, Calvary Morns, Nisbet, Ogle, Pope, Ran-
dall. Randolph, Rayner, Reed, Ridgway, Russell, Sergeant,
Slarle, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stuart, Taliaferro, Waddy
Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplett, Trumbull, Turney,
Underwood, Peter J. Wagener, Warren, Edward D. White,
John White, Thomas W Williams, Lewis Williams, Jos. L.
Williams, and C. H. Williams—87.
So the resolution was adopted as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the one hundred and
twenty-seventh rule of the House, as is in the fol-
lowing words: "nor shall any rule be suspended,
except by a vote of at least two-thirds of the mem-
bers present," be, and hereby is so far rescinded
and changed, that the House may, at any time, by
a vote of the majority of the members present, sus-
pend the rules and orders of the House, for the
purpose of going into Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union.
Mr. PROFFIT then claimed the floor for the
purpose of moving a reconsideration of the vote
which had just been taken.
Some altercation here ensued between Messrs.
Phoffit and Smith as to their right of the floor,
which resulted in the Speaker awarding it to Mr.
Proffit.
Mr. SMITH appealed from this decision.
Mr. OGLE moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays on
that moiion, which having been ordered, were—
yeas 85, nays 117.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH of Maine said, for the purpose of
saving the time of the House, he would withdraw
the appeal.
Mr. PETR1KIN here rose from his seat and
said he would aver that the gentleman from Indi-
ana ¡Mr. Proffit] was not in his seat when the
result of the vote was announced by the Chair.
He was standing up many minutes before he asked
the floor. Therefore, according to the rule, he
was not entitled to the floor; but Mr. P. concluded
that he was entitled to the floor, having risen from
his place.
The CHAIR said he had recognised the gentle-
man from Indiana; and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Petrikin] could not be entitled to
the floor, unless he took an appeal from the deci-
sion of the Chair, and the House reversed the de-
cision.
Mr. PETRIKIN did not press his right to the
floor.         _____
Mr. PROFFIT said he wished to debate the mo-
tion to reconsider; and was about to proceed,
when
Mr. BELL objected to his proceeding at that
time, and founded his objection on the 22d rule,
which rule prescribes that, on resolution day, such
resolutions as excite debate must lie over.
The CHAIR said the question of reconsidera-
tion was a privileged question, and takes prece-
dence over all other rules: therefore, the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Proffit] could proceed in his re-
marks.
Mr. PROFFIT then spoke at some length of the
tyranny of subjecting a minority to be governed
by a rule which gives it into the power of a majo-
rity to pass to any matter of legislation they
pleased. He argued that it was unconstitutional
in principle, and that it would deprive the minority
of that protection which the Constitution had pe-
culiarly guarantied to it, and which had scrupu-
lously been provided for.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he was willing the
gentleman from Indiana should have all the benefit
he could derive from his extraordinary speech. He
would not dispuie such laurels with him. All he
had to say was, that it was evident no good could
anse from prolonging debate in the present excited
state of the House. It would be obvious that the
sooner the debate was ended the better. He would,
therefore, conclude by moving the previous ques-
tion; which received a second, and the main ques-
tion was ordered.
Mr. PROFFIT called for the yeas and nays on
the main question, which was, "Shall the vote on
the adoption of the resolution be reconsidered?"
The yeas and nays having been ordered, were—
yeas 89, nays 116.
So the House refused to reconsider.
Mr. SMITH of Maine moved that the House
adjourn, but withdrew the motion at the re-
quest of
Mr. CUSHING, who asked the general consent
of the House to have the joint resolution of the
Senate relating to the Imaun of Muscat, referred.to
the Committee on Foreign Relations; but
Mr. STANLY objected to the reference; and
•ken, on his motion,
The House, at 8 o'clock, p. m. adjourned.
IN SENATE,
•     Tuesday, June 2, 1840.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut presented the cre-
dentials of the Honorable Jabez W. Huntington,
elected by the Legislature of Connecticut, a Sena-
tor of that State for the unexpired portion of the
term of six years, commencing on the fourth of
March, 1839,
Mr. HUNTINGTON appeared, was qualified,
and took his seat.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the bill for fie relief
 f Gen. Duncan L. Clinch, reported the same with
an amendment.
Mr. CLAY presented the memorial of James C.
Reynolds, late postmaster at Reynoldsburg, Ohio,
stating that he was removed without cause, and
asking Congressional action thereon; and after a
debate in which Messrs. CLAY of Kentucky, AL-
LEN, and CRITTENDEN participated, its further
consideration was postponed until to-morrow.
SYSTEM OF BANKRUPTCY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States.
The question being on toe motion of Mr. Clay
of Alabama, to strike out all relating to banks and
corporations-
Mr. CALHOUN addressed the Senate at length,
and in a very forcible argument advocated lbs mo-
tion, and declared his opposition also to the remain-
ing portions of the bill—the voluntarypart—as be-
ing, in fact, an insolvent law, which Congress had
no constitutional power to pass; and the compulsory
part as inexpedient, because of the destructive
effect on the debtor portion of the community in the
present disordered state of the currency.
The question then being taken on Mr. Clay's
motion, it was agreed to—ayes 38, noes 16, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Calhoun, Clay of
Alabama, Clay of Kentcky, Clayton, Crittenden,
Cuthbert, Davis, Dixon, Fulton, Huntington, Hen-
derson, King, Knight, Lumpkin, Merrick, Mouton,
Nicholas, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robin-
son, Sevier, Smith'of Indiana, Southard,Tallmadge,
and Webster—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nas, Grundy, Hubbard, Pierce, Roane, S™'* °r
Connecticut, Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan, WaUrer,
Wall, Williams, and Wrigb>-16.
Mr. CRITTENDEN now moved to refer the Dill
io a select committee.
