434
Mr. WEBSTER spoke briefly in fare* of this ]
motion, in ord«r that the compulsory clause might I
be modified before the final vote upon it.
Mr. GRUNDY and Mr. CLAY of Kentucky, '
spoke in favot of first taking the question on the
a ImiSMon of the principle of compulsion at all into
the bill; and after some further remarks, Mr.
CLAY of Kentucky moved to strike out the 18th
section, being the compulsory clause.                       '
Mr. WRIGHT intimating a wish to make some !
remarks on the subject before the vote was taken,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, Jane 3,1840.
Messrs. BELL and DA VIES of Pennsylvania
made s e remarks in reference to amending the !
journal; and the latter made a motion to change '
the phraseology of a part of the record; which was I
disagreed to by the House.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina rose for
the purpose of asking the general consent of the
House to submit a motion, that the House would
the  resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, to take up the bill for
raising sixteen hundred troops for the protection of
Florida. He was satisfied that the discussion on i
the bill would not take up more than this day.
Mr. GRAVES hoped the House would hot con- |
sent to the motion; and after some suggestions,
Mr. THOMPSON said he would not press the
motion until after the expiration of the morning
hour.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order daring the morning hour was the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. ■
Randolph,] to recommit to-the Committee on Com-
merce the bill reported from the committee by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Hillen,] to re-
peal the Taw regulating pilots.
Mr. CURTIS, who was entitled to the floor,
assumed that rae motion to recommit opened for
discosnnn the whole merits of the question.   He
desired to discuss the question in that way; and as
he believed that it would be debated during the  I
morning hour for two days, and as many of the  I
standing committees were anxiow to report, he  I
would saggest that the further consideration of the  |
subject be laid over till to-morrow morning, for the i
purpose of receiving reports of committees;   to
which suggestion the House yielded.
Mr. GRAVES inquired of the chairman of the ,
Committee on Commerce [Mr. Curtis] when a bill |
wuuld be reported (in pursuance of the recom-
mendations made by the President and Secretary
of War) making appropriations to pay for sites se-
lected by the board appointed for that purpose, for
the bui'ding of Marine Hospitals in the West.
Mr. CURTIS entered into some explanations in
iegard to the condition of this question before the
committee, and from which it appeared that the de-
lay in the acton of the committee arose from the
conflicting claims of Wheehng and Pittsburg, and
the conflicting reports m relation thereto. [The
act of 1837 authorized the purchase of seven sites;
six of them were accordingly selected; and the
difficulty is, as to the seventh, whether Wheeling
or Pittsburg shall be fired upon.]                            '
Mr. GRAVES urged the propriety of reporting
a bill as to the six selected sites, leaving the dis-   ¡
paied one to be acted on hereafter.
Mr. MORGAN of New York spoke of the in-
justice done to one of his constituents, who had
made a contract with the Government for the sale
of land in Pittsburg for the site of one of these
hospitals, but who was kept out of his money.         '
Mr. B1DDLE rose; but
The SPEAKER remarked that there was no ,
question before the House, and discussion was ir-
regular.
Mr. BIDDLE moved a suspension of the rules, '
to enable him to say a word on the subject; which
being accorded by a vote of two-thirds, he declared i
it was not his purpose to enter upon any contest as
tothe comparative claims of Pittsburg and Wheel-
ing, to do so in the House now, could lead to no
useful purpose, and would only tend to shift re-
sponsibility from the proper quarter. The act of
1837 had rendered it the duty of the President to {
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I   make the selection.   Mr. B. was unwilling the
'   committee should be goaded into premature action.
, A communication from the Executive, he had rea-
son to believe, would be made to the committee.
. He entertained a deep conviction that there had
been great and inexcusable delay in the Executive
action. The course which the Executive had now
tardily taken, at the close of the session, even sup-
posing it at all necessary to a just decision, might
¡ have been taken, and ought to have been taken,
six months ago—yes, long before the present ses-
sion commenced, when the report of the second
Board of Surgeons reached the President. But he
would not draw the subject from wheie the respon-
sibility properly lay. The West would hold the
President ultimately to a strict account.
J       Mr. STEENROD said he must ask the indul-
1   gence of the House to enable him to make a few
1 remarks in reply to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Biddle,] on this subject. It was true, he
said, that another board of commissioners had
been ordered by the proper authority to ascertain
which of these two points, Pittsburg or Wheeling,
was the proper and appropriate place for the Ma-
rine Hospital. And it is true that the appropria-
tion must be suspended for these improvement1:,
I until the further action and return of this board
But with what propriety or justice could the bono-
I rabie gentleman trom Pennsylvania [Mr. Biddle]
charge this consequent delay on the President?
How, said he, coukt any censure or improper im-
putation be justly cast on the President? The law
of 1837 imposed on the President the selecting of
the respective sites for the hospitals ordered to be
established on the Western wa'ers by the law.   In
i pursuance of this law, they authorized a board to
be appointed by the President, which board selected
and contracted for the site at Wheeling: so far 'he
President was not unmindful of his duty, not was
he tardy in discharging it. But what was the course
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Biddle,]
or those whom he so ably represents. This decision
of the board was then challenged, the President was
remonstrated with, and his authority invited to in-
I   terpose, and to give the constituents of the honora-
I   ble gentlemen another hearing, that their claims
|   might again be presented for consideration.   They
J   petitioned that another board might be appointed.
i   This was granted.   For  this delay—for this con-
l cession to meet the request of the gentleman, or
petition of his constituents, of course he will not
,   complain, or censure the President.   It must then
| be th* cause of the recent delay. The other
board of commissioners, appointed on the remon-
strance of the gentleman, (Mr. Biddle) or his
constituents, selected and recommended Pittsburg
as the proper and appropriate place. Mr. S. said
that it was then rendered his duty to interpose and
petition the President, and present to his considera-
tion such reasons as, in justice to those he repre-
sented, might induce him to appoint another board,
whose decision should be final on the subject. If,
then, there has been unusual delay in concluding
this matter, the blame must rest on others, but cer-
(«finfy not on the President.
' The SPEAKER called the committees for re-
ports; when
1 Mr. CURTIS, from the Committse on Com-
merce, reported back to the House, with an amend-
¡ merit, Senate bill entitled an act to refund to Noah
Miller and others a part of the proceeds of the sale
of the British sloop Mary and cargo, which were
captured by them, and libelled by them for the
benefit of the United States; which bill and amend-
ment were ordered to he printed.
' Mr. CURTIS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill making appropriations for the erection
,   of a custom-house in the city of Richmond, in the
State of Virginia; which was read twice, and,
On motion of Mr. BANKS, was referred to the
1 Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and the bill ordered to be printed.
i Mr. CURTIS also reported from the same com-
mittee a bill to establish a port of entry at St. Jo-
seph's, in the State of Florida; which was read
twice, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HABERSHAM, from the same committee,
{   reported a bill making appropriations for the com-
pletion of the marine hospital at Mobile, and fur-
nishing the same; which was read twice, and refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole, and made the
order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. CURTIS, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the protection of the commerce on
Lake Michigan; which was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole, and made
the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. BURKE, from the same committee, reported
back to the House without amendment, Senate bill
entitled an act for the relief «f Jacob Parnell and
others, owners of the Eliza of Brunswick; which
was committed to the Committee of the Whole,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. CRARY, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported back to the House, without
amendment, Senate bill entitled an act to autho-
rize the State of Tennessee to issue grants and per-
fect titles to «¡rtain lands therein described, and to
settle the claims to the vacant and unappropriated
lands within the "ame, pasied 18th April, 1836.
Mr. C. moved that the bill be rt.ad the third
time, and be put upon its engrossment.
Mr. MONTGO VlERY mi ved the commitment
of the bill to the Committee of ihe Whole.
Mr. CROCKETT hoped that this bill would not
be permitted to be referred to the Committee of the
Whole; but that it would be read the third time, as
proposed by the gentleman from Michigan, and put
upon its passage. The bill had been before Con-
gress for twelve years, and had been frequently re-
ported upon favorably. It had received the sanc-
tion of the three or four standing committees of the
Senate, and three committees ot the House of Re-
presentatives. He hoped if it was the desire of
any gentleman to examu e thetnll, that they wou'd
permit it to lie on the Speaker's table, and take
occasion to examine it there; but if there was no
objection, he would be glad if the bill would be
put upon its passage, and to effect that object, and
it in order, he would move the previous question
on the motion of the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Crary] for the third reading of the bill.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS objected to such a course.
It was a very important bill, and hoped that it
would be referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON made some remarks
explanatory of the principles «f the bill, and urged
its immediate passage.
[The motion for the previous question operating
on the motion to commit, and not on its passage of
the bill, it was not pressed ]
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON urged the propriety of
committing the bill. He regarded the bill as the
first step towards the surrender of the whole public
domain. It was a bill of the utmost importance,
and should have full investigation. It was a mea-
sure involving a question of revenue, and the rights
of all the States. He believed there was some-
thing wrong m the bill, otherwise the friends of it
would not wish to press it through in such a hur-
ried manner.
Mr. CRARY considered the motion of reference
as tantamount to a motion for rejection. It was
evident that the Committee of the Whole oa the
state of the Union had very much abused its privi-
leges. We had already spent a month of the ses-
sion in the discussion of one bill in that committee.
It was a place where debate was almost intermina-
ble. It took from the majon'y all their power and
gave it into the hands of a few individuals. If
this bill went to that committee, it would not be
considered this session. We had bills enough
there already to occupy our time 111 August, and
we had yet other bills to refer, that should receive
consideration. By referring the bill before us, the
whole question of the public lands will come
under discussion. We shall have speeches on the
right of pre-emption, on the subject of graduation
and distribution, and all these on a bill that does
not involve the principles of either of those great
measures.
This bill proposes to do for the State of Tennes-
see what should have been done long ago. In
that State we have had public lands for near fifty
years, but we had never surveyed them, had never
sold an acre of them, and we never would. Such
was their situation that jt was no object to survey
