CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
them. This bill proposed giving the control of
them to the State onceriain conditions, too onerous
to the State, it was trne, but such as she was willing
to accept. He would have willingly given condi-
tions more favorable, but he had yielded to the
wishes of others, in the hopes that the present bill
would meet with approval from all sides of the
House.
He repudiated the insinuation of the gentleman
than from Maryland [Mr. Johnson.] He
did not wish to take any advantage of those
•who" were opposed to the bill. He only desired
action, and action was the duty of the House. The
new Stales have nothing to gain by voting for this
measure. Their interests were to be promoted by
keeping the State of Tennessee in her present
vassalage, until they were able to effect a cession
of the lands of the Government within their own
borders. The passage of this bill will soon place
Tennessee at the side of the old States. Reject it,
and her interests and feelings must remain with
the new. He should vote for tb.3 bill, not from any
motives of policy which governed his views in
regard to the public lands, but because its passage
was due to a sovereign State of this Union.
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky spoke of the political,
organization of the Committee on the Public
Lands. It stood four and four when this question
was before it; bnt the bill had received the unani-
mous sanction of that committee. The bill was
not intended as an inroad on the pnblic domain,
as was stated by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnsbn.] Mr. W. spoke of his scrupulous
regard tor the protection of the pnblic domain. He
had always opposed any inroad upon it; and re-
ferred to hi* past course in proof of that fact. He
said that this bill was a measure of protection; a
measure to preserve that domain; and he believed
if the character of it was understood by the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. JohnsonJ and if he was
to take a statesman-like view of the subject, he
would vote for the bill. He adverted to the great
injustice which had been done the State of Tennes-
see by the course which the National Government
had practised towards it. Whilst the lands of all the
other States and Territories had been surveyed by
the United States, and brought into the market, the
State of Tennessee had been patiently waiting for
more than fifty years, either to have the land sur-
veyed and brought into market, or to relinquish it
to her, that she might survey it herself. Bat that
State had been compelled to witness the cream of
the land picked out by the State of North Carolina,
to locate her military land warrants—picked out
not by quarter sections, but by acres. He thought
it a measure of great hardship to Tennessee. The
Government had never surveyed the land, and it
•will never dare risk the expense of a survey; this
bill should pass as a matter of right and of justice.
The lands were worth nothing to the Government,
and should be given up to the Stale 'of Tennessee.
The bill did not involve an expenditure of mo-
ney, and he hoped it would not be committed.
After a few remarks by Mr. JOHNSON of Ma-
ryland, in reply to Mr. White, Mr. CRA.BB
was understood to say that this bill differed very
little from the. graduation bill. He was not
distinctly heard, but was understood to be opposed
to this bill.
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky said the protection of
the public domain was a measure near and dear to
his heart. This was a measure of protection.
The bill had bean already discussed freely at other
times, and had cost the Government more than
$100,000 by such discussion. He hoped it would
not be committed. The morning hour having ex-
pired,
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. W. THOMPSON of South Carolina moved
to amend that motion, so that the House go into
committee on the bill to raise troops for the protec-
tion of Florida.
The CHAIR suggested that if the House went
into committee,* majority could take it up.
Joint resolution of the Senate, authorizing the
President to receive the presents from the Imaum
of Muscat and the  Emperor of Morocco, having
been read twice, was,
On motion of Mr. CUSHING, referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Other Senate bills were read twice, and appropri-
ately referred.            •
Mr. THOMPSON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the State of
the Union, on the bill to raise troops far the pro-
tection of Florida.
The CHAIR suggested that if the gentleman
made that specific motion, it would take two-
thirds.
Mr. THOMPSON then said he would not
make it.
The House then resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Banks in the chair,) and took up
the
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL
Mr. LEET, being entitled to the floor, addres!
tha coramittea at much length in favor of the bill,
and in reply to the several objections urged against
it. He contrasted the benefits which would arise
from this measure with the injurious effects of the
deposite system, and showed that it was impossible
to suggest a more safe, convenient, and constitu-
tional mode of keeping the pnblic money. After
illustrating and establishing his positions with nu-
merous references to facts, he proceeded to show
the fallacy of the charge that the Government was
distinct from the people. He contended that such
could never be the case. It was against the very
nature of things for the people to be separate from
the Government. Their interests were inseparable,
and always were and would continue the same.
He then drew a glowing picture of the fatal con-
sequences which would result in case of a war, if
Government had its funds in the hands of the
banks.
The bill, he said, should pass, and he ventured
to assert that it would pass. It was a plain, sim-
ple, and constitutional measure, and would impart
into the currency health, by infusing into it more
gold and silver. If this was not the best measure
to meet the condition of the country, and if it did
not meet the approbation of the Opposition, he
challenged them to bringforward their plan. What
better plan than this have the Opposition; what
measure have they to present to the country! Echo
answers, where? We have heard them reproach
the President for not relieving the country by. a
proper measure, and they will not suggest that
batter measure, as one antagonistical to this. The
Bank of the United States has been tried—the
State deposite banks have been tried—all have
•faded. The Independent Treasury, then, is the
only safe, just, and constitutional measure which
the President could recommend. Mr. L. then went
into an analysis of the bill, and commented on its
different provisions, showing that it fullv accorded
with the position he assumed above. The bill pro-
hibited the loaning or using of the public money.
It was the loaning and using of the public moneys
that created all the ruin of which the Opposition
now complain.
Mr. L. also adverted to a variety of other
matters in connection with this bill, which remarks
will be hereafter given in full, as early as conve-
nient.
Mr. BROCK WAY had just entered upon an ar-
gument in opposition to the bill,
When the usual hour having arrived, the House
took a recess until 4 o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at 4 o'clock.
Mr. BROCKWAY denounced the bill as calcu-
lated to blight the prosperity of the whole country.
He was confident it would blast and wither the in-
terests of the New England States. It would bring
ruin upon the manufacturer, and reduce the labor-
ing man to starvation. In fact it was impossible
to foresee the extent of the disastrous conse-
quences which must result from the adoption of
the measure. Mr. B. then examined the bill in
detail, and contended, among other matters, ¡hat
under its operation every deputy postmaster would
be a Sub-Treasurer, etc. and contended that the
bank deposite system was the safest one, etc.
Mr. EASTMAN said: Mr. Chairman, there is
probably not a member of this committee, whose
views were not fully known upon the bill now
under consideration, previous to his election. In
many instances the opinions entertained in re-
gard to the measure, were made the touch-
stone by which the political faith of gentlemen
was testeJ; and upon those opinions depended
their election or rejection by the people. For one,
I should have been perfectly willing to have given
my vote in favor of the bill, without the least dis-
cussion from either side of the House; but, inas-
much as it has been, and from present appearances,
is to be, very fully discussed, I desire to state some
of the reasons which have operated to form my
^pinion in regard to it.
That the good faith of the Government must be
kept in meeting promptly and satisfactorily all pe-
cuniary demands upon it, cannot be questioned by
any one. Our civil officers who are scattered
throughout the whole extent of the Union, in all
the several States, must be paid for their services.
Our army and our navy must be honorably and
honestly supported; and all who contract with this
Government, and do service for It, in whatever
capacity, must be compensated. If this be not the
case, of what value is our Government? Sir, it
would not stand a day. It would virtually be
dissolved. It would resolve itself into its original
elements and the security of the whole people
over their persons and property would at once be
lost.
For the convenience both of the Government
and its creditors, it must be obvious that the funds
with which payments are to be made, must be in
different sections of the Union. In all our States,
the judges and officers of the United States Courts,
the jurymen that attend those courts, and many of
the witnesses also, are to ba paid by the Govern-
ment. For these services, satisfaction must be
made where they are rendered. Portions of our
army are accommodated, by being paid at one
point, and other portions at another. So also with
our navy. So with our list of pensioners; with
our mail contractors; with those employed upon
our public works, and with all, indeed, that db bu-
siness for the Government.
And, sir, not only is it necessary that the Go-
vernment should meet, with promptitude and cer-
tainty, all demands upon it, but it is right that those
demands should be paid in a currency that shall be
entirely satisfactory to the creditor. It should be
done in a currency that is not only not depreciated,
but in one that is incapable of being depreci-
ated.
Now, sir, let us examine this bill, and see how
far its provisions are calculated to keep inviolate
the public faith, and preserve untarnished the na-
tional honor. For, however much gentlemen may
differ as to the provisions of the bill, and the effect
which it will have, should it become a law, none
will deny that one of the very first, if not, indeed,
the foremost object of every administration, should
be the honest and prompt fulfilment of alt its con-
tracts.
What, then, are the objects of the bill? Simply
these. They are for the collection of the money
that may, from time to time, be due to the Govern-
ment—for its safekeeping before it shall be paid
out after its collection—for its transfer from one
point to another, where it may be required to pay
the public creditors, and for the payment of those
creditors as their demands may fall due upon the
Government.
To carry out these objects, the bill provides that
four officers shall be appointed, to be denominated
receivers general, who shall have ornees located at
Boston, New York, Charleston and St. Louis; the
offices at Boston and New York to be kept in the
new custom-houses of those cities; the office at
Charleston to be kept in the custom-house of that
city, if suitable rooms can be procured—other-
wise, a building to be erected; and at St. Louis, a
building is to be procured or erected. In all of the
offices, sufficient vaults and fire safes are. to b«
used, that the money may be as secure from fe,°**
and fire as the wisde-m of man can make it. Be-
sides these fonr gentlemen, two others, who are
now officers of the Government, (the Treasurer of
the Mint at Philadelphia, and the Treasurer of the
