44$
But the Legislature of New York had refused to
interfere 10 put an rnd to one of the most odious,
grinding, property and life destroying monopolies
that had ever existed on eanh—the monopoly* of   <
the pilotage of the port of New   York.   Á ter   \
years of suffering without redress. Congress had  ¡
at Jast come forward, unaer the power conferred ¡
by the Constitution, to relieve the city of New  ,|
York and its commerce from the destructive influ- 11
enees of that combination.   He appealed to the
House to say whether a law which had conferred ¡i
such benefits, was to be repealed on any slight
excuse or any insufficient reason?   He believed
that better reasons than the report of the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Hillen] had brought for-
ward, must be laid before the House before it i
would take upon itself the responsibility of repeal- I
ing a law, the repeal of which would again expose
the property and the lives of all those connee'ed
with the navigation of the port of New York to
the dangers and perils of this revived monopoly.
Mr. C. concluded just as the morning hour ex-
pired, and Mr. ATHERTON called fer the orders
of the day.
Mr. HOFFMAN was understood to ask the
Hoase to take up a bill, of a single section, autho-
rizing the Secretary of the Treasury to compromise
with the sureties of Samuel Swartwout.
Mr. GRAVES was understood to object, but the
ground of the objection the Reporter could not
hear.                                                                    i
Mr. HOFFMAN asked a suspension of the (
rule, merely with a view, he saidr to take the ,
sense ot the House. He would not ask for the i
yeas and nays.
N  action was had, for Mr. SERGEANT rose
and asked Jeaveyte make a report from the Com-
mittee on the lá&iciary.
Objection/ras made.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
On nyftion of Mr. ATHERTON, the House
again jfeol ved itself into Committee of the Whole   j
on surte of the Union (Mr. Banks of Virginia in    >
the ¿hair) on the hill (from the Senate) to provide   I
fo/the collection, safekeeping, transfer, and dis-   '
i fanrsement of the public moneys.
v  Mr. WILLIAMS of Massachusetts being enti-
tled to the floor, addressed the committee at much    |
length in favor of the bill.    After recapitulating   i
its principal features, he proceeded to contrast it   j
with that of the deposite banks. This bill proposed
that, by a certain period, all the money of the Go-
vernment should be received and disbursed in gold
and silver; also, that the revenue should be under
the control of Government.     Oa the other hand,
the Opposition were in favor of the employment of :
banks to perform this duty, in which case all the  ¡
revenues of the country would be in the hands,
and under the control, of those institutions, and
where it would be used for the benefit of the stock-
holders and borrowers.     These were the two pro- ,
positions, at which they were at issue.   The issue
was not merely on a choice of measures, but it was ¡
an issue involving the fundamental principles of
Government.     It involved two contrary and an-
tagonistical principles.     One of the propositions
was founded on a distrust of the people, while the '•
other, the present bill, acknowledged the capacity
of the people for self-government, by the choice of   ,
their own agents, responsible to them.   The issue
was, in fact, a question between a respensible and
irresponsible power.     This bill expressly recog-
nised the principle that the people had the capacity
of self-government,  and  acknowledged   to   the
fullest extent their sovereignty.     But ihe deposite |
system, for which the Opposition were so anxious,   ¡
restricted and denied the sovereignty of the people,   I
by placing the revenue in the power of banks,    '
which were irresponsible, and would convert the
money into their paper, for the benefit of them-
selves and customers.   Was this surrendering the
revenue to soulless corporations, and whose bodies i
could not be touched, calculated to give suprema- < ¡
cy to the popular will? No.   Soveregnty was not |;
the design of the banking system. All they wanted ; i
was to get the control of the revenue, and then,
where wonld be the power of the people?     It was
an ancient, but true maxim, that "by dividing
aoraeifnty, yon destroy it,"   And so if the re-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
venue of the country was to be given over id, the
banks, our Government would cease to be a Go-
vernment of the people. The moment the control
of the public money was lodged with the banks,
that moment the sovereignty would depart from
the people and be transferred from the many to the
few.
He admitted that such a thing might not be in-
consistent with other Governments. It might suit
very well the aristocratic Governments of Europe,
but its introduction into our country would never
be tolerated. It was anti-Democratic in its ten-
dency, and aimed a fatal blow at the roots of the
tree of liberty. Besides, the very same principle
would lead to a direct transfer of every other pow-
er belonging to the people. -By the same rule the
banks might claim a control over the Executive,
the judicial, and every other officer of the Govern-
ment. For, if the people had no righr to control
the revenue, they had no right to control any thing
else. The very same principle which deprived
them of the one, must necessarily deprive them of j
every other power. This measure of the Opposi-
tion, was then e'early repugnant of the first great '
principles of «ur Government, and to the equal
rights and sovereignty of the people.
Among other objections to the Independent Trea-
sury bill, it was urged that it would injure the
manufacturer, and rob the laborer of his hard earn-
ings. If he thought so, he would assure the com-
mittee and the country that he would be ihe last to J
stand up in its defence, as there was no class so
worihy the protection of Government as the labor-
ing men. That class of men was the true source
of all our greatness and glory. It was the laboring j
men of our country who had achieved her greatest |
triumphs; they were the true foundation of her
greatness, and the real architects of her fame; to
them was to be attributed the growing cities, and
all the works of enterprise in every State. There-
foie, he would repeat that if he thought this mea-
sure would act injuriously upon them, and rob then
of the fruits of their industry, he would be the last
man to say a word in its defence. But how was
the charge sustained? Where was the proof that
it would produce such injurious effects? What
portion of the bill was it that contained this fearful
evil? It was urged that it would destroy the banks.
This was erroneous, for the bill made no war upon
the banks. It merely dissolved Ihe partnership
which formerly existed, and left them to them-
selves. The operation of this bill could not injure
the banks in the least, provided they had a solid
basis to rest upon. If the banks came to ruin after
the passage of this bill, it would arise solely from
their own weakness and rottenness, and not from
any hostility from Government.
This Independent Treasury bill, was purely a
defensive, instead of an offensive measure. It was a
defensive measure necessary to the safety of the
people, and the proper administration of Govern-
ment. What! he wonld ask, could any one desire
a repetition of the humiliating scenes of recent
years, when, by a similtaneous suspension of the
banks, the Government was unable to touch thirty
millions of its money, and was laughed and sneered
at into the bargain for its poverty?
This bill proposed to save us in future from such
danger and degradation, by placing the revenue at
the disposal of the representatives of the people, at
the disposal of their own officers, instead of leaving
it under the control of speculating institutions, who
U3ed it in their own business. This measure was
not only necessary to the efficiency of Government,
but to the soundness of the banks themselves. Its
tendency wonld be to confine the banks to their
own resources. They wonld then do a safe busi-
ness, without relying upon the uncertain contin-
gency of receiving the public money in depo-
site.                                                                     ]
It was also objected to, as calculated to withdraw
the public money from the business of the country. I
But what right, he would ask, had the banks or J
the merchants to the use of the public money?
They had no right whatever. Such a power had
never been delegated to the Government to allow
private individuals and corporations to trade on the
public revenue. Yet we were constantly, abused
for not permitting ihe public money, raised from j
the great body of the people, to be used by bank* f
nipt  speculators and  irresponsible corporation          }tf
Why it would be, in fact, levying a contribution fi
upon the poor, for the benefit of ihe rich. It wonld ft
be taxing the laboring c'asses to fill the pockets of f
the privileged few. It would be a most odious svs. l«
tern of favoritism, unworthy of a free and inteiii. 4
gent people.                                                               ft
Another objection was, that the revenue wonld        'f
be collected in gold and silver.    All that it would        <•
be necessary to say in reply to this objection was         i
that there was no other currency recognised by        *
the Constitution, nor was there any other currency i
in which Government c<_uld meet the demands i*
upon the Treasury.    Every citizen had a right to        «
exact the payment of his debts in specie, the only        <t
legal and constitutional currency. It was charged, í
also, that this measure would create one currency         '
for the Government and another currency for the        |
people—that the officers of Government would re- f
ceive a better currency than others. But how could J
the office holders  be benpfited, when the Govern-        )
ment paper was to be redeemable in specie? In t
that case, it would confer no benefit upon the i
office holder; and admitting, for the sake of argu-        i
ment, that the money did become depreciated, even
his colleague [Mr. Cubing] admitted that it could
not then be admitted into the Treasury.
It was also s«id that the effect of this bill would
be to drain the banks of thuir specie, and accumu-
late it in the vaults of the Treasury. But from a
calculation made by those best able to judge, it was
ascertained that the amount cf specie would be so
small, that it could not affect tne business of the
country. According to an estimate of the Treasu-
ry Department, it appeared that only five millions
would be wanted. Now, if that amount were
withdrawn from circulation in a single year, it
would not be more than was abstracted by the ope-
rations of commerce alone. But this sum would
be taken gradually, and in such a way that no in-
convenience could be felt,
Mr. W. then proceeded to notice the charge, that
the policy of the Administration in this respect was
owing to the low pricss of provisions, and th« dis-
tress which prevailed in the country. In confut-
ing that charge, he referred to a table of prices of
flour during different Administrations, and con-
tended that if high prices were any sign of merit,
then the price of flour durin  the present Adminis-
tration was a conclusive answer to the cry of th«
Opposition. As for the distress in the country,
how could it be shown that the Administration was
in any way iesponsible for it? If there was a
stagnation of business, he contended that it was
but the natural consequence of overaction and
mad speculation. The States had run into debt
beyond the means of payment, and that was one
great cause of their embarrassment. What hand
had the Administration in proiucing such results?
Had the Administration been in any way instru-
mental in running up the enormous amount of
State debts for internal improvement? Did it char-
ter the swarm of State banks which deluged the
country with their paper? Did it induce the banks
to favor the rage of speculators? These were not
the acts of the Administration, nor was it responsi-
ble for the debts of the States. It was to the State
Legislatures alone that the embarrassment was to
be attributed, and to them alone belonged the re-
sponsibility.
But it was said these things were done by a ma
jority of the Administration party in each State.
Such was not the case. The assertion could not
be proved. A reference to the facts would show
that they were done by a majority of the Opposi-
tion, with perhaps a few interested Democrats who
aided them by their votes.
It was also charged that the policy of the Admi-
nistration tended to degrade the laborers of this
country to the level of the laboring classes of Eu-
rope. Bat this Administration advocated no such
policy. The charge was as groundless as it was ri-
diculous. As for degrading the laboring classes of
this enlightened country to the condition of the la-
borers ol Europe, it was not possible for any Ad-
ministration to do it, even if they could entertain so
unholy a wish, Gentlemen who made this charge
must keep in sight that there was a vast difference ■
