446
any advantage i* to be gained by insisting upon
thw f^i*. I  forone, sha'lgtve ucheaitally ami un-
fliaehiael.v.a.Hl genileweu on both ules who tavor
the measure are at liberty to regard it thus fir forth
as a «est vote; but thty must, tor rae, neither en-
large aer diminish the provisions already sanction-
ed.
I must, Mr. President, be permitted to express
my surprise at the remarks of my friend trom
Onto, [Mr. Aujsm.] He is disposed, as I under-
stand him, to vote against the postponement, lest
h<s views in relation to the bill, it corpoiaiions
were included, may be unapprehended or
misconstrued. S:r, I have no such apprehensions.
How do we stand here"?
There «reare, that Senator and myself, upon the
reoord, in a minority of sixteen to twenty-eight.
That record will neither be obliterated, nor wear
out. The vote will stand there until the tribunal
of highest appeal in this country shall either reverse
or affirm the judgment of those who happen to be op-
posed to us. Of i he character of that decisiou the Se-
nator entertains not stronger convictions than myself;
it may be proclaimed earlier or Uter, but it can
■cither be controlled nor indefinite.y postponed. I
rose, sir, merely to protest against any man making
an issue for me, or saying what shall or ¡«hall not
be a test voe in this chamber. My rote will be
given upon a real, tangible state of facts, involv-
es certain denned principles, and upon no sup-
posed case.
Mr. EUCHANANhad but a few words to say.
He had been, in a great degree, anticipate i by the
remarks of hi< friend from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Pikrck.] With that gentleman he protested
against any attempt which bait been made, or ,
might be made, to present the present as a lest
question to him.
He did not consider the motion to postpone the
present subject indefinitely, as any lest qiemon.
Under what circumstances had it bet n made? Se-
veral weeks ago, the majonty vi the Committee on
the Judiciary had reported a bill, confine I in its
provisions to cases of voluntary bankruptcy. The
minority of the same committee had presented
another bul, which extended to compulsory bank-
ruptcy, and offered it as a substitute lor the bill of
the committee. This amendment bad been dis-
cussed at great length, and amended in several tm-
putunt particulars; an I now tne friends of a bank-
lupt system moved to rcter the original bill, to-
gether with the amendment, on the adoption of
wUich, as a substitute lor the ongiua' b.l, no v u-
had yet been taken, to a select committee. They
desired in this manner to perfect the details ot the
system, and to present it, in one uniform b.'l, to the
Senate and the country. It was at this stage of the
proceeding, thai the motion f r indefinite post-
ponement had been made. F r his own part,
he believed that ordinary courtesy to the inends
of the measure required ibat they sh uld be
permitted to amend their bill, and present it :o the
Senate in such a form as they pre<erreJ. He
would not deprive them, by h s vole, of this oppor-
tunity. Alter they had presented ihe bul to the
Senate, in its matured shape, then, and not till ¡hen,
would he consider the question of mdefin.te post-
ponement as a test question, and such be believed
bad been the practice of the Senate.
But higher consideran o ¡is  than mere courtesy
had  brought  him  to this conclusion.     He held
strong opinions against any bankrupt bill, founded
apon the English systsm.    Th-*se opinions he bad
expressed at length, nearly  twenty years ago, in
the other House ot Congress.   Aitaough his sym-
pathies were strongly enlisted in favor of the suf-
fering debtors  throughout toe  United States, still
his impressions were unfavorable to the bill.   He
should gladly be convinced Ibat he had been wrong.
The Senate ef bis own State had passed a resolu-
tion, with but a few dissenting voices, in favor of a
bankrupt bill.     It was not an instruction, but a
strong expression of  opinion.     Under such cir- ,
en instances, with so many meritorious individuals '
interested, he thought it would be both a harm and '
unjust measure for him to deny  to the friends of ¡ <
toe  bill   the opportunity of perfectinz   its   de-
tails.      And    this   was   more   especially   the !
cue,    when    every    person,   who   had   stu- i
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I   died   the   subjeei,   must acknowledge that    the
I   details of any bankrupt bill essentially entered into
¡I i's merits.    He himself was not opposed to adopt-
I   mg the principle ot releasing honest insolvent debt-
ors, who had surrendered all their property to their
creditors, provided such a law could be trained by   '
Congres  as would not introduce evils in practice
to the commuui'y which would more thancountei-
halanre all the good proposed to be accomplished.
He was, therefore, entirely  willing to recommit
the subject to a select committee of its peculiar
iii nds.                                                                         i
It was highly probable that no bankrupt bill I
would breóme a law at the present session. Let its
fi lends, theretore, place the subject in its best form.
I Let them in this manner present a distinct i^siie
i, before the people of the country. He himce!f
i would obey the voice of public opinion in his own
State, expressed in the constitutional manner.
Should he not be instructed, at the present session,
oy the authority which he felt hims lf bound to
obey, it was hi< s'rong impression that he should,
acutí:; upon his own responsibility, vote against the
measure, in any form in which it would probably
be presented by the committee. Still, he was wil-
ling to tiive its friends every fair opportunity of of-
fering it to the public in the form which they might
deem the most perfect.
Mr. ALLEN said that the object of his former
remarks had b?en attained.    He desired that sen-
tlemen, in giving their votes on this question,.should
not be p'aced in a f*Ne  position.   Tliey had ac-
cordingly explained their views in the  vo es ih*y
were about to give, and this was the object h  had
¡ in view when he was up before.    He would him-
I self most cheerfully vote for the indefinite post-
I   ponement of the whole matter,
i      Mr. SEVIER and Mr. LINN expressed their
views on the whole question somewhat at  length,
(a report of which wi.l be given hereaiter,) and
the question being taktn, the motion to postpone
indefinitely  was lost—ayes   16, noes 28, as fel-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs.   Allen,   Anderson,   Benton,
Brown, Calhoun, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, Linn,
1 Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Robinson, Sevier,
and Tappan—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Buchanan, Clay of Alabama,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Cnthbert,
Davis. Dixon, Huntington, King, Knight, Lump-
kin, Meirick, Montón, Nicholas, Norvell, Phelps,
i  P >rter, Smith of Indiana. Southard, Tallmadge,
I Walker, Wall, Webster, Whne, Williams, Wright,
I and Young—28.                                                         ¡
|      On motion < f Mr. CRITTENDEN, the whole   I
subject was then referred to a select committee of
seven, to be selected by the Chair, and the follow-
ing Senators were appointed said committee:
Messrs. Crittcnden, Clayton, Walker, Hun-
tington, Williams, Norvell, and Nicholas.            '
On motion, the Senate then adjourned to Mon-
day next.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES',
Friday, June 5, 1840.
After the journal had been read,
Mr. P. J. WAGNER, on leave, submitted the
fol'owing resolution; which was agreed to:
Rtsolvtd, That the Commissioner of Pensions be
directed to report to this House, by what authonty
the payment of arre.irsof military pensions, grant-
ed since 4ih of March last past, to pensioners and
widows of the Revolutionary pensioners, under the
special of 1832, '36, and '33, has been, and is
withheld by the pension agents in the different '
States.                                                                         !
Mr. SERGEANT, from the Committee on the 11
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of ij
Lysand?r Spooner, containing charges of official
misconduct against John McLean, one of the '
justices of the Supreme Court of the United States, ,
made a report, concluding with the following reso-
'utiens, which the committee unanimously recom- !
mend to be adopted by the House.
Resolved, That the charges exhibited against the
Hon. John McLean, one of the judges of the Su-
preme Court of the United Stales, by Lyeander
Spooner, a citizen of Massachusetts, in bis memo-
rial presented to the House of Representatives, and   >
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary on the w
25th of May last, are unfounded; and that ih8 /<,
confidence of the House in the integrity of the ,1
said judge, is not, by reason of such charges, in any r,
degree, changed, lessened or impaired.                        (
Resolved, That the committee be discharged froro    #
further consideration of the said memorial.                 „
On motion of Mr. SERGEANT, the report was    n
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.                t¡
Mr. CH1NN of Leuis.ana moved the adoption
of the following resolution, offered by him a short    «
time ago:                                                                     „,
Resolved, That the Postmaster General comma,
nicate to this House, without delay,  the time at    r
which the postmaster at Baton Rouge, Louisiana,    b
became a defaultei; the time, number, and amount    o
of the various drafss which have been drawn on
hi in, and winch he has refused or neglected to pay;    ,
and particulaily the amount now due by said post.    .
master to the Government.    Also, all ti.e comoui.    ¡
nicauons which have bten written and received in
relation to  said delalcations, together with all the    [
correspondence which has occuired,  touch there*    «
moval tiom otltce ol said  postmaster,  and  of the    •
appointment ot a successor to said office.                   j
Mr.  McKAY said that when, with others, he
had voted again, t a suspension ot the rules, to en-    (
able the resolution to be receive t, he had done so    ■
on the ground that  it was worded so as to require    ,
them to admit that the postmaster was a defaulter.    ,
It assumed that ha was in fault.   Now he proposed     .
to modify the resolution, so as to leave it to be as-
ceita ned[whether the pottmaster at Baton Rouge
was a defaulter or not.
After some debate of a conversational cha-
rarier,
Tl,e SPEAKER said the resolution could only
be received by general consent.
Ami the question being on its reception, objec-
tion was ma-'.e, and the resolution was not re-
ceived.
Mr. McKAY then moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of offering a resolution on
the same subject, as follows:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is herehy, directed to communicate to this House
without delay, whether the postmaster at Baton
Rouge he a defaulter or not; and if so, when he
be-ame one—whether any drafts have been drawn
on him which he has refused or neglected to pay,
and the time, number, and amount thereof. And
also particularly, whether said postmaster be in-
debted to the Government or not, and the amount
thereof, and all communications to or from the De-
partment respecting said indebtedness.
Mr. JOIJES of Virginia wished to know whe-
ther the motion to suspend was intended te em-
brace the whole day, or merely the morning
hour.
Mr. McKAY replied, the morning hour only.
The question being on the motion to suspend,
Mr. ANDl'.EWS demanded the yeas and nays;
which being ordered, were—yeas 161 nays 4.
So the rules were suspende!, and the resolution
recived.
Mr. McKAY said he had been all along perfectly
willing ¡or an investigation; but he objected to the
terms of the resolution of the gentleman from Lou-
isiana, inasmuch as it assumed that the postmaster
was guilty In his opinion it was wrong thus to
assume that a man was a defaulter beforehand.
He had also another objection, which was to the
call upen the Postmaster General for the cone-
srondence relating to the removal of a postmaster.
He believed there was no instance in either House
of Congress where a call had been made upon
the head of an Executive Department, for corre-
spondence in relation to the removal of an officer.
It was a subject which had been very much de-
bated in both Houses. He referred to a case
which occurred some years ago in relation to the
removal of a certan>|postmaster,and when the Senate
voted distinctly in reference to this subject, and de-
cided that they had no right to call on the Postmas-
ter General for correspondence in relation to ths
removal of an officer.
Mr. McK. said he did not intend to be un-
derstood as denying that the House, in certain
extreme cases, might, in the exercise of its inqoisi 
