WW""""""'""""""     ki"ni«iiKiigijii -"-"i- -.
it"-.    M," "ri'n   '
torial power, call upoi the Postmaster General
for correspjndence. There could be no doubt
about it. But then he was sure th« gsntleman from
Louisiana would not pretend that this was a case
of that nature. The resolution he now offered
would elicit all the facts, and would prove satisfac-
tory to all. Behaving that no benefit could arise from
any further debate on the subject, he would con-
clude by moviDg the previous question.
Mr. McKAY moved the previous question;
which received a second, on count, by—ayes 80,
noes 77.
Mr. CHINN here stated that the postmaster ac-
knowledged that he was a defaulter, and that be
"had a letter in his possession in the House in proof
of that fact.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS inquired of the Chair
whether it was in order to move to reconsider the
vote by which the rules were suspsndedl if so, he
made that motion.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose to a point or order.
He contended that it was not in order to make a
motion intervening the second to the previous
question and the time that the Chair propounds
the question "Shall the main question be put]"
The CHAIR cjted a case this session, by which
a motion was entertained intervening the second
and the propounding of the question "Shall the
main question be put?" The only difference be-
tween that case and the present one was, that, in
the former case the previous question bad not re-
ceived a second; but in this instance it had. He
did not consider, however, that that had made any
difference. He decided that it was in order to
make the motion to reconsider.
Mr. DROMGOOLE did not believe  it was a
correct decision, and took an appeal.
, The question now being, Shall the opinion of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?
Mr. L. WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and
nays; which, having been ordered, were—yeas 78,
nays 85.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
The question then recurring on the question,
"Shall the main question be now put?" (which, if
ordered, would be on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.)
Mr. EVERETT called for the yeas and nays;
which, having been ordered, were—yeas 94, nays
80, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Boyd, Brewster, Burke, Bymim, Carr,
Clifford, Celes, Connor, Wm. R.- Cooper, Craig, Crary, Dana,
John Davis, Doan, Boig, Dremgoole, Duncan. Earl, Eastman,
Ely, Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond,
Hand, Jno. Hastings. Hawkins, Hillen, Holleman, Hopkins,
Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble,
Kille, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, Mc-
Cletlan, McCulloh, McKay, Marcband, Mason, Miller, Mori-
tanya, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parish,
Parmenter, Paynter, Petrikin, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds,
Edward Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Thomas Smith,
8tarkwea>her, steenrod, Suupter, Swearingen, Sweney,
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Philip F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Tarney, Vanderpoel, David D. Wagener, Watterson, Wick,
Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, and Worthingion—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alfoüd, Andrews. Baker, Barnard,
Bell, Biddle, Bond, Bnggs, Brockway, Calhoun, W. B. Camp-
bell, Carter, Casey, Churn, Crabb, Crockett, Curtis, Cushmg,
Edward Davies, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis,
Delist, Edwards, Everett, Goggin, Goode, Graham, Green,
Grmnell, Hail, W. S. Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Hill of Virginia,
Hunt, James, William Cost Johnson, Kempshali, King, Lin j
«otn, Mallory, Marvin, Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Naylor,
Nisbet, Ogle, Osborne, Peck, Pope, Randolph, Rariden, Ray-
net, Reed, Kidgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Simonton,
Blade, Stanly, Storrs, Stuart, Taliaferro, Waddy ThompsoD,
Tillinghaet, Toiand, Triplett, TrumbnII, Underwood, Peter J.
Wagner, John White, Thns. W. Williams, Lewis Williams,
Joseph L. Williams, Christopher H. Williams, and Wise—SO.
So the main question having been ordered to be
put, was put, and the resolution was adopted.
The morning hour having expired,
Mr. J W. JONES moved to suspend the rules
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. JAMES demanded the yeas and nays on
mat motion; which having been ordered, were—
yeas 104, nays 73.
The motion under the amended rule requiring
only a majority, the rales were suspended.
Mr. EEIM asked the general consent to make
a report from the Committee on the Militia; but ob-
jection was made to its reception.
_      INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
The House then resolved itself into a Commit-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.      '     '_____=3=
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Banks in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the Independent Treasury bill.
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky, who was entitled
to the floor, argued that the bill had been in ope-
ration, notwithstanding the friends of the bill con-
tended that it had not—that the measure had not
been called for by the popular will—that it had
been condemned in 1837, '38, and '39, by the re-
presentatives of the people, and by the people
themselves, whenever the question was directly
presented to them; that it was more expensive than
the State bank deposite system, or when the Bank
of the United States was the fiscal agent of the Go-
vernment—that there was less responsibility to the
Government in it; that it was less secure and eco-
nomical than the above systems. He argued that
the Independent Treasury bill would fall still born,
and would be inoperative without the Treasury
Note bill—that that measure would give vitality to
it. He also commented on such parts of the
President's message as asserted that there
was a sympathy and connection between the
Bank of England and the banking system
of this country, and denied the position as-
sumed *in the message. He examined the ques-
tion of currency in all its bearings upon the
productive industry of the country, and attributed
all the evils of its deraBg^ment to the past policy
of the administrations of Jackson and Van Buren;
and contended that there had been, as there now
was, a concerted design, on the part of those Demo-
cratic Presidents and certain leading men of the
Democratic party, to break down the banking sys-
tem of the country. In speaking of the objects,
tendency, and effects of the bank power, he said it
was disgusting to argue that such power was fa-
vorable to the aristocracy, or inimical to the inte-
rests of the mass of the p°ople. In speaking of the
opinions of several statesmen, as connected with
the positions he assumed in his argument against
the bill, he said that Washington asserted that one
of the greatest evils in a Democratic Government
was that the people had to feel before they would
think. They had suffered, said Mr. W. and it
would be their own fault if they did not correct the
present evils.
The House took its usual recess at half-past two.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. WHITE resumed his remarks, in opposi-
tion to the bill; and concluded at 7 o'clock; at
which time,
Mr. RAMSEY obtained the floor; and, on his
motion, the committee rose, and then
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, June 6, 1840.
Mr. EEIM, from the Committee on the Militia,
to which had been referred on the 2d March, the
report of the Secretary of War for the re-organi-
zation ef the militia, by leave, made a report on
that subject.
Mr. TRIPLETT, from the same committee, on
leave, reported the views of the minority ot that
committee in relation to the plan for the re-organi-
zation of the miiitia.
On motion of Mr. EEIM, both of said reports
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed;
then
On notion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, and by ge-
neral consent, 5,000 extra copies of said reports
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. TILLINGHAST, from the Committee on
the Library, to which had been reported the memo-
rial of Monsieur Alexandre Vattemare of Prance,
in relation to the establishment throughout the
world, of a system of international exchanges of
literary works, made a report, accompanied by a
bill respecting copyrights; which was read twice,
and the bill and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked the general consent of
the House to offer a resulution; which was read for
information, as follows:
Resolved, That the statement made out by the
Committee en Mileage, and given to the Sergeant-
at-Arms of this House, be committeed to said com-
mittee, with instructions—
_____                                        447
-■ '     -                     —           ■              l   <■    i.       'I     -   '.'.     ■-        "-^c
1st. To make out the mileage of members far
the present session, in conformi'y to the mileage
allowed and paid to members of the last Congress,
and report the same to the Speaker of this House
without delay.
,| 2d. To report a bill establishing a uniform
method of ascertaining and allowing the mileage of
the members of future Congresses.
I      Mr. OSBORNE objected.    Then
Mr. PETRIKIN movfd lo suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer the resolution.
Mr. OSBORNE said he had no particular inte-
rest in the question of mileage; but he did not see
the chairman of the Committee on Milage in his
seat, who, he was informed, was prepared to make
a report on the subject, which was the reason why
he did object. After some further conversation,
Mr. O. withdrew his objection.
Mr. CONNOR renewed it.
Mr. PETRIKIN persisted in his motion to sus-
pend the rules, and demanded the yeas and nays
upon it; which having been ordered, were—yeas
79, nays 38. No quorum having voted,
M Mr. LEET said it was an important question,
and moved a call of the House; which was, how-
ever, refused.
Mr. PECK inquired of the Chair whether the
report alluded to was before the House.
The CHAIR replied thai it was not, but un-
derstood it was in the hands of the the Sergeant-
at-Arms.
Mr. TURNEY inquired of the Chaír, if the
rules were suspended, whether this question would
not ride over all other business?
The CHAIR replied that it would.
•    Mr. PETRIKIN then modified his motion so as
to suspend the rules for the morning hour only.
Tne question was again taken on suspending the
rules, by yeas and nays; and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 102, nays 45.
Mr. PETRIKIN, being entitled to the floor,
yielded it to
i Mr. WILLIAMS, of Connecticut, chairman of
11 the Committee on Mileage, who was now present
—explained the state of the question before the
committee—the difficulty they had to encounter to
agree upon some general plan. They had agreed
to a report and bill ■which he was ready to present
to the House. He would be glad if the instruc-
tions proposed should be adopted by the House,
as it would relieve that committee of much embar-
rassment on the points in controversy. He, how-
ever, believed that the report and bill would satis-
fy ait present.
The bill and report were then read to the House
i   for information. (The bill so regulates the charges
as to restrict the pay to the most direct route] to
take effect after the 26th Congress.
Mr. W. then spoke of the want of uniformity
in charges under the existing law—that there was
great inequality. He thought that, when the com-
mittee again met, it would be able to arrange all
the difficulties that seemed to be presented in the
matter, and that if the bill passed, there would be*
no d faculty hereafter, or cause of complaint.
Mr.  PETRIKIN modified his resolut.on,   by
withdrawing the second instruction to the commit-
:  tee.    He said he did not wish to consume the time
of the House by debating the proposition—he did
not think any argument necessary, and therefore
■    moved the previous question.
!      Mr. LEET appealed to Mr. Petrikin to with-
i  draw the motion for the previous question; but he
refused.
Mr. STANLY then moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. REED demanded the yeas and nays on that
motion; whieh, having been ordered, were—yea 
96, nays 78.
So it was laid upon the table.
Mr. BLACK asked a suspension of the ruled fpr
two hours, to enable him to offer the following reso-
lution, and to have the same considered, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mileage be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the snb-
i ject, and that each and every member of this
I House shall furnish, upon his own responsibility,
, to the Sergeant-at-Arms, the distance frem Wash-
!! ington to his residence, by the mo*i usual rout  of
1 i
