CONGRESSIONAL «LOBE.
26th Cong........-1st Skss.
TUESDAY, JUNE 16, 1840.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
Volume 8...........No. 29.
1 m       ~
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Continnedfroin Xo. 28.
pended, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. TURNEY, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, asked leave to make a report to the House
from that committee, with a view of having the
same printed; but it was objected to.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and agreed to without a count.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
-  The House then resolved itself into a CoVirniUe
of the Whole on the state of the Union (Mr3JÍAi*|fs
in the chair) and resumed the consideration \Lnhe
Independent Treasury bill.
Mr. RAMSEY of Pennsylvania resumed his
remarks in favor of the bill.   In commenting on
the principle and object of the bill, he said its ob-
ject was one which emphatically and expressly
provided for the safety of the revenues of the Go-
vernment, in contradislinction of the p'an of the
Whig party to commit the revenues to the State
banks, or to a United States Bank,  to .be made
use of by those institutions to speculate upon, and
to increase their dividends; and thus compel the
Government to run the risk of the good or bad spe-
culations of those iustitutions.   He argued that
such a state of things would not only be wrong in
principle, but would be hazardous to the best inte-
rests of the nation.   The revenues, he said, were
not collected from the pockets of the people, the
poor as well a  the rich, to carry on the trade and
commerce of the country, or to be deposited with
privileged institutions to be loaned out by them to
their favorites, but for the exclusive use and sup-
port of the   Government.    He denied   that this
bill would affect commerce, or mateiially affect
banking, or labor; and if it bad any effect at all upon
labor, it would have a beneficial effect; it  would
enhance, and not diminish its value, as the oppo-
nents of the bill had endeavored to make it ap-
pear, by their own assertion, and by misconstruing
the remarks of some of the friends of the bill.
He denied that commerce could be injuriously af-
fected by it.   That the bill ma>, and would, to the
extent of its influence, check the gambling and ru-
inous contractions and expansions of the currency
he did not deny; an 1 that it might to that extent be
beneficial to commerce.   Mr. R. then went inte a
history of the cause of the present depression of
the business in the country; and showed that it was
attributable te the immense and sudden contraction
of the currency by the banking institutions, either
to  aid   the cause of speculation, or to accom-
plish some great political end.   He showed by sta-
tistical tables, that these institutions had within a
short time up to the preseat period reduced the cir-
culation from one hundred and thirty to one hun-
dred and six millions; and had thereby overwhelm-
ed every interest in the nation in one common
ruin.   He proved that the banks were the cause of
all the wild speculations in town lots, and in fo-
reign merchandise;  and adverted to the efforts
making by the Whig party to throw the responsi-
bility of all the ruin caused by these instittrions,
and from their swindling operations, upon the pre-
sent Administration. The country had experienced
depressions in business to a greater extent than at
the present time, by the op?rations of the banks.
The history of the United States presented one
series of contractions and expansions of the cur- '
rency and business.                                               I
In speaking of the benefits of a specie currency, I
Mr. R. quoted the language of Washington against
paper emissions as a representative for specie, in I
which he pointed oat the ruin that would be the ¡
inevitable consequence of such emissions, and said
"that it was by the substance, and not by the
shadow of thines, that the people and the country
were benefited.    Mr. R. then went into a history
of the banking operations, and the state  of the
currency ana basiaess, for a series of years during
the existence of the Bank of the United States, and
previous.    He showed the effect of expansions
and contraction of the currency upon his own
State, in the year 1814.   The country knew of no
distress at the present time in comparison to that
which prevailed at that time.   The banks went on
four years, until the people were ground into the
dust by their conduct.   In 1816, the Bank of the
United Slates was reehartered to regulate and con
trot these institutions.   In consequence, additional
evil was thrown upon the country to create addi-
tional distress.   He read a report of the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania, soon after the Legislature
of Pennsylvania chartered a bank of eleven mil-
lions, in which it spoke of the distress of the times
as ruinous in the extreme.   So universal was the
complaint, that even the honest farmers felt the ef-
fect of it.   The report said the distress was gene-
ral—that theie was a deterioration of landed pro-
perty, and ruin of the manufactures and commerce
of the country.   Produce met ruinous reduction;
real property was daily sacrificed.   Property was
sold so low that the fees of law officers  were not
realized from  i's sale.    The like consequences
were produced in 1820 and ^4, when the Bank of
the United Sta'es was in full operation.   To show
the effect of a contraction and expansion of the
currency, Mr. R. adverted to the price of land in
Pennsylvania at different periods.   In 1809, land
sold at from thirty to forty dollars per acre; and
in 1815, by the expansion of the currency, it sold
for one hundred  dollars; but in  1819, in conse-
quence of a contraction, the same lands sold for
only twenty  dollars per acre.   In the couniy of
Lancaster, in 1809, land sold for from seventy-five
to one hundred, and, by an expansion, it sold in
1815 for three hundred dollars per acre.     The
same land, in 1819, by a contraction of the cur-
rency, sold at from sixty to seventy dollars per acre.
In the county of Cumberland, where he resided,
in 1809 land sold for $40 per acre, and in  1815 it
sold for $200; and in three years afterwards the
same land sold far but $25 per acre.    What was
the   consequence?   Almost every man in every
county failed and was sold out.    The speculators
reaped a harvest on the misery and ruin of the
honest farmer and land holder.   But that was a
part of the system of the banks to fluctuate prices
for the benefit of the actual money holder and spe-
culator.     Mr. R. did not think that the Inde-
pended Treasury   bill  coald   regulate all these
things to the extent it could be wished; bat so far
as it goes to regulate, he would go for and sustain
it.   It would restrain the excessive issue of banks
to a certain extent, and hold them in check, and
thus cause something slike a regular standard of
value. The merchant, after the plan shall be fully
in operation, instead of importing on the credit of the
Government, will have to pay cash duties, and thus
prevent the agents of British manufacturers in this
country, who overimported, from doing so to the in-
jury of the honest American importer and manu-
facturer.   Mr. R. then showed the deleterious ef-
fect the banking operation has on the laborer, by
deranging the  relative proportions between the
price of labor and the product of labor; and how
far the Independent Treasury bill would benefit the
laboring man, by keeping the price of his labor
uniform, and by securing to him regular employ-
ment.   He examined the question in all its diffe-
rent aspects.   A full report will be given hereafter.
Mr. STRONG said that before he proceeded to
make any remarks on the general merits of the bill,
he would advert to the resolutions passed by the
Legislature of his State, (New York,) on the sub-
jsct.   He, and the party to which he belonged, con-
ceded the right of instruction to the fullest extent,
and held that when a representative could not con-
scientiously obey his instructions, it was his duty
to resign.   But such instructions should always be
definite, and not leave any thing to be implied.
Mr. S. then went on to show that the resolutions in
question were neither in the form of instructions,
advice, or request, and yet they posssssed some-
thiag of each.   They did not profess to instruct
any one, and yet they intimated that if any Sena-
tor or Representative from that State supported the
bill, his coi.duct would meet with the most unqua-
lified disapprobation, etc. After commenting upon
other'poinis in the resolution, Mr. S. said he had
been elected by his constituents with express refe-
rence to ths bill, and instructed to vote for it; and
he should do so in spite of the threats thus thrown
out. he denied the authority of the Legislature to
call him to account for his official conduct, as he
was responsible to his constituents, and them
alone.
Mr. S. then went into a general defence of the
bill, showii.g that the cry of "or.e currency for the
Government and another for the people," and a
great many other similar objection^, were as un-
founded as 'hey were ridiculous.
Mf. MARCHAND then took the floor and said,
None will deny  that  the management of the
fiscal concet ns is one of the most important branches
of a Government; it gives the  impulse whicli car-
ries on each department in the perlormance of its
proper duties.    According to the desires that actu-
ate mankind with  regard to  the  acquii-i'ion  of
wealth; if you check that source, the various de-
partments of Government will cease; Executive ac-
tion will be stilled; Legislatures will cease to legis-
late; ihe Judiciary will no longer be heard in pro
nounclng judgment between roan and man; navies
will rot, and armies be disbanded.   Such, sir, are
the important results that depend upon a faithful
administration   of that  branch of  Government.
Surely, then, it becomes a paramount duly in the
rulers to consign that vitil portion of a nation's
welfare into faithful and honest hands; to see that
the public revenue be placed in such safe deposi-
tory that it may at all limts be had when called
upon, in the mode prescribed b\ the Const.tution of
ihe country.   Suppose we were now organizing
our Government, and all its departments had been
completed, except so far as relates to the adminis-
tration of its fiscal concerns—would the idea be
entertained   for   a   moment  that   that  remain-
ing   branch should be   entrusted   to   individu-
als   unknown    to    the    Constitution—'o     men
who   are   strangers  to   the   people  for  whose
benefit   that   Government   is   formed—to   men
whom they had non?ht  to do in designating as
their agents—and meD, too,  who are a* wholly
irresponsible to the people, fcr whose benefit they
hold the fund, as are the winds that whistle around
them?   The only true mode of retaining faithful
officers, is by holding (hem to a strict accountabili-
ty.   This is a principle none will deny as be-
ing not only beneficial, but absolutely necessary
to the welfare of a free people.   Yet such is the
measure advocated by the opponent  to this bill.
The  principle of   strict accountability must be
abandoned, and the revenues of the Government
thrown into the hands of stockholders in banking
institutions—of men trr« j)«iwtMi, uncontrolled, un-
punishable.   I say, it is the measure advocated by
the opponents to this bill.   Although none, or but
few of them, have in so many words thus far in
this debate proposed the retaining of banks as the
depositories of Government money—yet all their
arguments lean in favor of such a measure, and
from those arguments I deduce the conclusion that
their affections have a strong   tendency to that
quarter.   I am strengthened in this opinion when
1 recollect a resolution at an early period of the
present session in favor of the establishment of a
National Bank, with a capital of seventy millions
of dollars, to aid the Government in its fiscal con-
cerns, offered by a distinguished Representative
from Kentucky [Mr. Pope.]   Since the time the
President  of   the  United   States  recommended
to  Congress   Ihe enactment of a law providing
for the more secura keeping of the public moneys,
and until the time of the Harrisburg Convention,
when General  Harrison bucame a candida-e for
the Prcidency, either a National Bank or a league
of State banks, was the measure proposed as the
only one by which public moneys could be eflectu-
ally secured.    Previous to the nomiuanon it was
the burden of the strain that fell from the lips of
