450
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Opposition orators at all their public meetings;
thepm«es,.ranked as opponents of this bill, des-
canted most eloquently on the beauties of the
banking system, as being the safest depositories of
die Government revenue. As soon, however, as
that nomination was made, and the fiat of pany
went forth "that there should be no declaration of
principles to meet the public eye," "a change came
o'er the spirit of their dream"—the orator's strains
vera stilled, and the press no longer touched the
forbidden subject. All was hushed, as though the
beings who conceived the ideas had ceased to ex-
ist. A strange spectacle since then has been pre-
sented to the people of this Union—that of a party
arrayed in  hostility  against an Administration,
Svowing the most determined hatred against its
jading measure—without, at the same time, as
has been invariably practised by political parties,
S©claiming   one   single   principle  upon   which
ey   rest    the    justice   of    the    cause    they
advocate—they fling  no banner abroad   to   the
nreeze,   by   which    they   may   be  recognised.
Let   a   stranger   come   among   u?,   and   ask
What   is   the   great question   about   which   the
people of the United States are disputing.    For
answer—place in his hands a Democratic journal, :
and he will at once say, the bill now under consi- I ¡
deration is the Treasury Ihey advocate.   Place in
his bands an Opposition journal, and he will be as I
like to arrive at the conclusion, that the Treasury j:
they are in favor of is "o log cabin," with "hard ci-   ,
■itr «ul coo  skins," as any thing else.   This same j j
"mysterious silence" yet hangs over them.   They  jj
never yet have disavowed their preference for j|
banking institutions—it was the last word they ut- jj
tered on the subject.   Am I, then, not fairly justi- j ¡
fied in taking them at their word?
The Government having given the banks a fair
trial as depositories of the revenue, they proved
themselves unworthy the trust, by twice suspend-
ing specie payments, in times of peace to our coun-
try, and general prosperity to our citizens, except
those who, by a great avidity to acquire much
wealth in a little time, went beyond their depth,
and by improvident speculations brought ruin upon
themselves and all who were intimately connected
with them in business. That trial having, as the
friends of this bill believe, proved a failure—and
that position being denied by the Opposition, I shall
confine myself to reasons why I believe the Admi-
nistration is fully justified in abandoning banks, as
the fiscal agents of the Government.
We have derived our notions of government
pretty much from England. It is from that coun-
try we have taken the example of issuing charters
of incorporation—indeed, many charters, now in
force in the United Stages, were granted from the
British Crown previous to the American Revolution.
If I was a member of the British Parliament, and
a question should arise whether to pass an act of
incorporation or not, its object and provisions
would have to be odious indeed, if I would vote in
the pegative—but, standing on the floor of the
American Congress, its provisions and object must
be good indeed, if I would vote in favor of it. In
England the Crown is the fource of all power—and
«very charter of incorporation, granted in that
country, takes away so much power from the
Crowe, where too much is already lodged ,and con-
fers it upon as many individuals as the corporation
is composed of—thus forming utile bands better
able to resist aggressions on the part of the Crown.
In the United States the people is the source of all
power. Every grant of a charter of incorporation
in this country, takes away from the people to that
extent the powers they retained to themselves by
the Constitution. And just as far as the charter
confers privileges, so far are the corporators ele-
vated above the rest of their fellow-citizens.
The danger is not small that ,r; to be appre-
hended even,from those institutions, which are not,
Ijke the banks, possessed of money, the great lever
which sways the human passions to and fro witn
the most irresistible impulse. Instances are not
wanting in history of corporations having been
tied as an engine by monarchs to resist aggressions
on the part of some aspiring subject. So potent
became his vassals under the operations of the feu-
dal system, that Lewis the Gross of France, as a
means ol counteracting that potency, and restrain-
ing their overweening insolence w¿s compelle I to
form the inhabitant* of towns into bodies politic,
to be governed by a magistracy of their own nomi-
nation. So effectual was the curb to the increasing
power of the nobility, that the same practice was
adopted in Germany, Spain, England, and other
feudal kingdoms; hence, too, arose the origin of
incorporating cities and towns: you will not under-
stand me that those charters were at that early period
willingly granted; it was not done until it became
absolutely necessary to answer some great political
end. Monarchs have been, in all age (since the cus-
tom had its origin) jealous of introducing corporate
privileges into their systems of Government. One
instance occurred about 1,700 years ago, in the
orisin of Trajan, one of the Roman emperors; it
is so very characteristic of our modern corpora-
tions that I shall give you the correspondence
which took place between him and the younger
Pliny, who was the Governor of the province in
which Nicomedia was situated.
Letter of Pliny to Trajan.
" While I was making a progress in a different part of the
province, a most destructive fire btoke out at Nicomedea,
which not only consumed several private houses, but also two
public buildings; the town-house and the temple of Isis, though
they stood on contrary sides of the street. The occasion of us
spreading, was partly «wing to the violence of the wind, and
partly to the indolence of the people, who, it appears, stood
fixed and idle spectators of this terrible calamity. Tne truth
is, the city was not furnished with either engines, buckets, or
any single instrument proper to extinguish fires ; which I now,
however, have given directions to be provided. You will con-
sider, sir, whether it may not be advisable to form a company
of firemen, consisting only of one hundred an I fifty members.
I will take care none but those of that business shall be ad-
mitted into it; and that the privileges granted them shall not be
extended to any other purpose. As this corporate body will
be restricted to so small a number of members, it will be easy
to keep them under proper regulation."
Traíanlo Pliny.
"You «re of opinion it would be proper to establish a com-
pany of firemen in Nicomedia, agreeably to what has been
practised in several other cities But it is to be remembered that
societies of this sort have greatly disturbed the peace of the pro-
vince in genera], and of those cities in particular. Whatever
name tee give them, andfor whatever purpose they may be in-
stituted, they willnotfail to form themselves into factious as-
sembles, however short their meetings may be. It will there-
fore be safer to provide such machines as are of service in ex-
tinguishing fires, enjoining the owners of houses to assist in
preventing the mischief from spreading; and, if it should be ne-
cessary, to call in the aid of the populace."
Such was the opinion entertained by the mo-
narch of Rome, the then mistress of the world; he
was unwilling to center corporate powers on one
hundred and fifty men to put out fires; he well
knew from past experience, that such a society
was the hotbed from which much m schief would
spring. If then, sir, emperors, who commanded
mighty armies, kings who claimed to rule in divine
right, were afraid to encourage such insiitutions,
may not the citizens of our free Republic be
permitted to entertain some jealousy lest it should
take away from that liberty which was left them
by their fathers with the solemn injunction that' it
should be transmitted untrammelled to their poster-
ity? Surely, sir, they will be permitted to protest
against their rHlers doing an act which will so
greatly enhance the powers of corporations to
work mischief, as will the project of permitting
them to use the immense revenues of the United
Sta'es, and placing it under their control.
I will now advert to a point which has gone as
far towards sustaining banking institutions as al-
most any other action in relation to them. I allude to
the decisions that have been made in the courts
of justice, that the act creating private corpora-
tions (in which banking institutions are included)
cannot be repealed; that as soon as the act has
passed through the Legislature in the forms pre-
scribed by the Constitution—that moment it is be-
yond the reach of the law, above legislative con-
trol, and this, too, whether its operations be for
weal or for wee; whether bene ricial or prejudicial
to the community in which it is located.
The judges of the United States courts in de-
ciding questions relative to corporations when they
were not controlled by the Constitution and laws
of the United Sta'es, or the Constitution and laws
of the State where the case aro.'e, had resort to
the common law decis;ons made on the same
points. Disputed questions in such cases having
arisen not many years after the adoption óf our
Constitution, the judges had recourse to the cases
adjudicated in England, upon which precedents
they based their decisions.    Now, s-ir, take up the
English books of reports from whencs tho.se prece-
dent* were derived ;   trace back  the   cases, the
one    before    the   other,   and   you    will    find
1   the   common   law   on   that   subject   to   have
heen     moulded    in     the     earlier     periods   cf
English hi-tory when the peoile first commenced
their   struggles to   be released   from   the   iron
j grasp with which  they were h^ld by  the Crown.
1   The wise and good judges in  that country  knew
¡   how impoitant an acquisition it was to the liber-
|   ties of the citizen—they  kmw the importance of
maintaining strictly tothe corporators, the privileges
granted them—they, too, were well aware, that so
much power of mischief in the Crown was neutral-
ized, and accordingly established the common law as
1  far as it is in force in this country.    From this
¡| early  and peculiar period, arose the notien of the
|j inviolability of a charter, which has been ingrafted
!'  on that clause in our Constitution, which prevents
States from passing any law  "impairing the obli-
gation of contracts," and has now sprung into  a
flourishing branch, overshadowing the length and
breadth  of  our land;  and  almost as baleful  in
¡j  its effects  upon  our fair institutions as is Java\s
¡    poisonous Upas tree to  vegetation within its influ-
i   ence.   The judges of England then, and up till the
reign  of William III,   held  thiir offices  during
'   royal pleasure, and not, as now, so long as they be-
haved  themselves   well.    They   then  would   not
i;  have dared to have given  as the reason of their
deoision, that it was to restrain the power of the
Crown.    They well knew, the moment they would
have  pronounced the woids,  the  enure  of their
offices would have ceased, and their persons have
been visited with other tokens of royal displeasure.
Such are the inferences I have drawn, on that sub-
ject, fiom the judicial history of England.    I like
1  it not that courts of justice in this coun'ry should
base their judgments on  English   common   law
principles, in cases where the charters emanate from
a source so entirely d fferent from ours.    That de-
cisions male in one country with an eye to  con-
fer liberty   on   the people,  should    be   held   as
a    precedent    in     ca«es   in    a iother   country,
where that same decision would take their liberty
from   them,  is   to   me   rather inconsistent   with
the usual   course   of reasoning.     I   know   that
uniformity of decision in the administration of jus-
tice, is much to be desired in every well regulated
Government, as being the land mark by which the
property ant! the rights of the citizen are known.
;    A judge is sworn to maintain and expound the old
\   law, and has no more right to abandon a %ood pre-
;  cedtni than a juror has to cut loose from law and
\',  evidence, and find as his passions or his prejudices
may direct him.   A legislator is not bound by pre-
cedents in his actions, and much less need he re-
regard them when it is is known that, up to  1835,
there was one thousand overruled or revoked deci-
sions in the American and English books of reports.
The idea of banking institutions being beyond
!   the control of legislation, is contrary to  the  spirit
of improvement now going on in  the  science of
Government.   We have no risht to do any act, or
pass any law, that posterity will, willing or unwil-
ling, be bound to maintain.     To my mind it is a
preposterous idea that we, for a valuable conside-
ration now paid us, may pass a law that will ope-
rate most injuriously, be in full force some seventy
years hence, and, under the pretence that it is a sa-
cred charter, a vested right, our innocent posterity
shall be bound to undergo its inflictions.     It is not
justice.   Had the notion always prevailed that the
acts of the ancestor were binding on the descend-
;   ants, this country might now be a British pro-
!  vince, and ourselves deriving our notions of Go-
vernment from the monkish superstitions of the
middle ages.
If a number of individual* were to assemble to-
gether and do certain acts which by express provi-
sion in the Constitution is directed to be performed
by Congress, would it not be regarded as a trea-
'• sonable assemblage? Would not the whole land
rise up in arms and overthrow the usurpers? It is
a power near akin to this that banking institutions
take upon themselves, and the proposition of leav-
ing the public money in the vaults of banks is aid-
ing this species of unconstitutional  legislation; is
