CONGRESSIONAL GLÓBE.
451
throwing the very sinews of Government under
the control of bank directors.     The Constitution
having given to Congress the power "to coin mo-
ney, regulate the value thereof," the  inference is
reasonable that that body, and that alone, should
have the control of the circulating medium.   Tne
history of the world  proves that mankind  is go-
verned by money.   When the Government money
is in banks, it is under the control of the directors;
these persons with such privileges conferred upon
them   by legislative   enactments  as place them
beyond   punishment   and   responsibility,   legis-
late  npon   the  whole  currency   of   the   coun-
try.    At   one   period    the    land    is    flooded
with  a   vast   amount   of   notes;   in   a   utile
tiuw after, those, notes   are   called  into   bank,
causing the prices ot houses, of lands, and of mer-
chandise, terise and fall with the alternate expan-
sions and contractions thus brought about by the
uncontrolled decree of  twelve bank «lirectors.   Is
not this legislating in the fullest sense of the word
—swaying with the most unbounded freedom the
whole currency, public and private, of more than
sixteen millions of people—the pries of all the pro-
perty in this wide spread Republic at the mercy of
twelve bank directors?   Is not this power?   We
all know the mature consideration that is given by
each branch of the Government concerned in legis-
lation, to any measure ere it is permitted to find a
place on our statute book.   It a law should be
passed causing as frequent and excessive expan-
sions and contractions as have these corporate des-
potisms, banks, although it would have received
the sanction of three different branches of the Go-
vernment, each branch representing every soul ii
the Union, and each, branch too, either mediately
or immediately, chosen by the people themselves—
if such a law should be  passed, the actors  in the
scene would, through the medium of the ballot
boxes, be hurled from their seats, and followed by
the deep, biiter, lasting execrations of an  outraged
community.   Are we right in entrusting the public
money with banks; thus tacitly giving our sanction
to this illegitimate  species of legislation; thus in-
fusing the strengthening power into a moneyed des-
potism, to harass and oppress the people?  If such
institutions be not a moneyed aristocracy, and that,
too, in the fullest sense of the word "exercising an
absolute power over a national currency," it is
impossible for human ingenuity to imagine  what
is one.   Whilst the banks thus usurp to themselves
one of the attributes of sovereignty, (for such I
hold the regulation of currency to   be,)  the very
exercise of that power clogs the action of the Go-
vernment hi the performance of its constitutional
duties.   I alinde to that clause which gives to Con-
gress the power "to lay and collect taxes." Banks,
by increasing or decreasing the amount of  paper
circulation, would render it impossible, if it should
become necessary for the Government to make a
correct estimate of the amount of money that may
bs wanted; say for equipping an army, increasing
the navy, or the erection of light-houses and for-
tifications.     The   estimates    may   be made   at
a period   whin the paper   money  is   in  cir-
culation in profusion; this apparent prosperity may
induce the Government to lay taxes to a large
amount, to meet the proposed expenditure.   In the
mean time, the banks may think they have been
too lateral in their discounts of paper—may think
a speculation could be made on cotton, tobacco,
and grain, for the benefit of the stockholders, by
contracting when they purchase, and expanding
when they sell.   From these, or any other reasons
that may influence the bank directors, a great scar-
city of the circulating medium will be produced,
and much distress inflicted on the people.   Where,
then, is the money to be got by the poor citizen, to
enable him to pay his quota of taxes, assessed upon
him in limes of profusion?   Or suppose the amount
of at essmeni was paid into the Treasury, and the
expenditure was made when the paper money was
contracted in its circulation?  The effect would be,
the whole amount ofthe estimate would not be re-
quired, and a surplus revenue would be left in the
public Treasury, the bare idea of which inspires
the opponents of this bill with a kind of holy hor-
ror, vMa  that surplus be -placed -in the bankers'
bands.   Change the circumstances.   Suppose the
estimates to have been made, and the money paid
into the Treasury of the United States, when there
was a contraction of the currency, and you will
find its effec's equally as prejudicial. The esti-
mates are made iu a period of contraction; but be-
fore the work is commenced, the paper circulation
is increased by the banks. By this process, the
value of the amount in the Treasury is lowered,
and the Government cannot perform what it
could have done, had the currency remained sta-
tionary.
Stockholders in banking institutions derive a
profit of from three to five per cent, more than
could an individual on the same amount of capital,
without subjecting himself to the punishment of
uuiry in those States where such statutes are in
force. This per cent, is distributed among bank-
ers after the payment of their banking houses, their
officers, and all contingent expenses. The friends
of banks will tell you, the aid they are furnishing
the community, in the transaction of its business,
will more than counterbalance the advantages they
derive from such investments. These honeyed
words are but the guides that have led us into the
bankers' snares. They sound sweetly to the ear,
and lull us into a dangerous lethargy. We should
suppose their capital was an investment profitable
enough, without adding unto them another source
from whence their usury would be so much in-
creased, as in the use of the revenues of the United
States Government.
A report was made by the Secretary of the
Treasury in February, 1839, to Congress, in which
is to be found a beautiful illustration of the perfec-
tion to which the science of banking has arrived, in
profiting the banker, and injuring the community.
It is an aggregate of investments supposed to yield
income to banks above the amount of capital paid
in, viz:
In 1833       ---          - §142,800,387
1834    .--    - 158,906,467
1835    -    -    -    - 241,409,708
1836    -                                                276,238,804
1837       ....   244,123,541
The above exhibits the amounts of investments
upon which the banks have been receiving interest
for five years, without having one dollar more at
risk tian the expense of manufacturing their pa-
per, because in this statement is not included in-
vestments equal to, and which go to balance the
capital paid in. Take, for instance, the year 1836,
and the amount of interest at 6 per cent, for that
year alone, would be $16,574,328, and you have
an idea of the rich crops that are reaped by the
bankers, without any seed having been sown. That
comparatively small amount of capital is the weak
base upon which this immense banking superstruc-
ture Í3 erected; and shall we be mad enough to put
forth our hands, and assist in increasing the dimen-
sions of this edifice of Machiavelian conception,
batched in the prolific brain of a John Law, or
some of his descendants, that will, unless a timely
check be placed upon it, crumble, fall, and crush
us in its ruins?
In the last ten years the average loans and dis-
counts in banking institutions in the United States
have been annually $370,000,000. The average
annual circulation, during the same period, has
been f 105,254,894. When we consider the va-
rious rates of interest allowed in the different
States of the Union, the stocks, real estate, and
other investments, from which the banks derive in-
terest, the gain on exchange, the destruction of
notes whilst in the hands of individuals, their bro-
kerage on the sale of stocks—I say when we con-
sider all. these facts, it would not be an unfair esti-
mate to say the banks receive about eight per cent.
of interest on their discounts, and six per cent, on
their circulation. Take that per cent, as the ratio
and you will find the banking institutions in the
United States have, from 1830 till 1840, derived a
gross profit from the people of this country Of
|359,152,630. During the same period the gross
menu* of the General Government from lands and
customs only amounted to #285,000,000. Thus
the people of the United States are more heavily
burdened by the banks than they are for the sup-
port of their army, their navy, their civil and di-
plomatic expenses, in short, the whole payments
made by Government to any quarter whatever.
If Congress was in ten years to lay a direct tax of
thret hundred and fifty millions of dollars, although
the power is expressly conferred on them in. the
Constitution "to lay and collect taxes," the whole
people would arise in one mass in open rebellion,
and drive them, as oppressors, from these halls of
legislation; yet bankers levy this tax off the people
with impunity. Their operations in its collection!
are concealed, and, like the vampyre bats, they
fan their victims with their wings whilst they suck
away the life's blood.
We are told this bill confers too much patronage
on the Executive. Why, sir, that patronage
should not be mentioned in the same daylight with
what is wielded by the banks—a league of nine
hundied c( rporate despotisms, with a capital over
four hundred million of dollars, with their army
of debtors and dependants, arrayed against the Ad-
ministration, with a hostility as bitter as that of the
young Hannibal, when, at the altar, he swore eter-
nal hatred against the Romans. When these
things are considered, it requires no great penetra-
tive mind to tell who wields the greatest patronage.
We have been placed here as guardians of the pub-
lic interests, and must examine the question in all
its bearings, and choose what we sincerely believe
to be the correct course. Suppose we should be
so unfortunate as to be cursed with a corrupt Ex-
ecutive, filled with inordinate desires for power;
and the banks continue to be the fiscal agents of
the Government. The one branch thirsting for
power, the other for wealth, would, for the attain-
ment of their objects, leaugue together in,a cru-
sade against the liberties of the people. It would be
very questionable if moral and physical force
enough would be left to burst the chains that would
be thrown around us.
There are about sixteen millions oí souls in the
United States who are equally interested in the pub-
lic money, and are equally entitled to any-benefits
that may accrue from its use; then why are bank-
ers entitled to the profits of that money to the ex-
clusion of the rest of the people of this coun try?
Is it now to-be left in the custody of a few fortu-
nate individuals who hold stock in banks, to
reap its rich profits. The expenses of its keeping
are far more than balanced by the interest it yields,
and if such places must be the depositories, let the
profits and loss be divided amo.ig all. I put it to
gentlemen to say if this be not more equal legisla-
tion.
From whence come the bankers profits? One
thing is certain; they will not be contented with
gains as visionary as the greater portion of the ca-
pital in which they deal; it must be something more
substantial; the genuine profits arise from the pro-
ducts of the farmer and the mechanic. It is labor
which constitutes the true source of wealth to a
country; every bushel of grain, every pound of cot-
ion and tobacco raised in this, country; every arti-
cle manufactured here out of domestic materials,
is adding so much to our national wealth, because
we send not its equivalent abroad. It is fair,
honest, unbought Í advantage to «ut country. It is
from labor, then, the bankers' profit is raised. It
-is labor which, in the shape of interest, flows into
the capitalists' hands. It is the earning of the in-
dustrious maa they receive. It is permitting the
bankers to descend like reapers upon the rick har-
vest, watered by the sweat of a hard working peo-
ple. And what meritorious act do the bankers per-
form in turn for these benefits? "Calm as a sum-
mer's morn," with folded arms, they sit at ease.
The claim of a war worn veteran of the Revolu-
tion to apension, most be fully proved before Con-
gress will allow its payment. The banker re-
ceives his pension without proof of his services,
with no other act than producing a purse sufficient-
ly long, (no matter whether that purse be his
neighbor's or his own,) to enable him one day to
pay thfc required amount of stock into bank, and
probably the next draw it out in the shape of a
loan. This is a pension paid to a privileged
class, it is a pension paid to idleness in the
Strictest sense of the word. When, as I have shown
you, this pension, this fund thus earned-, and thus
distributed, has amounted in the last ten years to
the enormous sum of three hundred and fifty-nine
