454
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
whole truth, and nothing but the truth, in regard to
the actings and doings of Congress.
The resolution was th«n laid over until to-mor-
row.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which had been referred a bill from the
House, granting a pension to Benjamin Mitchell,
made an unfavorable report thereon; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the bills from the
House,
For the relief of James Deatley; and
For the relief of David Mellen;
made adverse reports thereon; which were oidered
to be printed.
The bill for the relief of Gen. Duncan L. Clinch
was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. CLAV of Alabama, to whom had been re-
ferred the bill to authorize registers and receivers to
administer oaths required to be taken by pur-
chasers of public land, which had been amended
By the Home, so as to make it a duty, reported in
favor of concurring, which was agreed to, and the
bill finally passed.
Mr. C. also, from the same cemmittee, to which
was referred the bill for the discontinuance of the
office of surveyor general in the several districts,
so soon as the surveys therein can be completed, for
abolishing land offices under certain crcumstances,
and for other purposes, which had been amended
in the House, by striking out a e'ause conferring
certain discretionary powers on the Secretary of
the Treasury, reported in favor of concurring in
the amendment; which, after some remarks in op-
position, by Messrs. SMITH of Indiana and
YOUNG of Illinois, and bv Me^rs. CLAY of
Alabama, WALKER, ROBINSON, and PREN-
TISS, was concurred in—yeas 24, nays 6; and the
bill was finally passed.
Mr. MERRICK gave notice that to morrow he
would ask the Senate to take up the bill to incorpo-
rate the banks of th« District of Columbia.
CLAIM OF FOLTON'S HEIRS.
The report of the Committee on Claims adverse
to the cla<m of Robert Fulton's beirs being taken up,
Mr. HUBBARD said, if the Senate were now
ready to take a vote on the report of the commit-
tee, he had no wish to consume the time of the body •
at this late period of the session in further discussion,
and would submit the case on the arguments con-
tained in the report of the committee, and the reply
of the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Merrick] to
that report. If, however, it was intended to dis-
cuss this matter further, he felt it his duty to sub-
mit some remarks in reply to the Senator's objec-
tions to the report.
Mr. PHELPS having intimated his wish to make
some remarks on the subject,
Mr. HUBBARD addressed the Sena'e at great
Irng.h in opposition to the claim, taking up each
i.esn in detail, and investigating its merits, and con-
cluded by stating his belief that instead ef being a
debtor, the Government was the creditor of the
estate of Mr. Fulton.
Mr. PHELPS then intimating his wish lomake
some remarks in reply,  moved  that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed until to-
morrow; which was agreed to.                                    I
GENERAL ORDERS.
The bill for the relief of Dennis Ciuinlivan;          j
The bill to regulate enlistments into the navy i
and army, and                                                             ¡
The bill authorizing the States to Ux any lands    ¡
within their limits sold by the United States;
were considered as in committee of the whole, and
ordered to be engrossed.
The bill for the relief of Charles A. Dodd was
taken up, and after being debated by Messrs.
WILLIAMS, YOUNG, LINN, KING, and
SEVIER, a motion was made for its indefinite
postponement; pending which,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, June 9, 1840.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order, was the motion of the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Randodph,] to recommit
to the Committee on Commerce the bill reported
from that committee by the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, [Mr. Hillen,] proposing the repeal of the
law of the law of 1837, regulating pilo's.
Mr. PICKENS a*ked and obtained the general
consent of the House to report from the Commi'tee
on Foreign Affairs, the joint resolution of the Se-
nate, authorizing the President of the United Slates
to accept certain presents from the Imaum of Mus-
cat, and the Emperor of Morrocco, and to autho-
rize the sale of the same. Mr. P. asked that it
might be acted on immediately, as there could be
no objection to it; and it would have to be passed
before the end of this month. The amendment
reported by the committee provides, that instead of
the proceeds from the sale of these animals being
received into the public Treasury, it should
be divided equally among the different charitable
institutions in the District of Columbia, for the
support of the orphans.
Mr. STANLY said, if the proceeds were not in-
tended to be placed in the public Treasury, he
¡    wished one demijohn of the  rose water to be sent
,    to the branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina.
I        Mr. PETRIKIN did not see any reason why the
j charitable institutions in the District of Columbia,
II   to the exclusion of oiher charitable institutions,
,' should be benefited by this distribution of the pro-
; I ceeds.    He was opposed to it.
1'      Mr.  PICKENS said this was certainly a small
1 matter, and hoped there would be no objection to
the passage of the resolution, without delay. The
committee thought it the least objectionable way to
dispose of the proceeds.
Mr. PETRIKIN did not know of any greater
charity than to give the money to the public Trea-
sury. They ought to be just before generous.
The Government had not enough money to pay its
debts; he hoped, therefore, the money would not be
disposed of except in the manner provided in the
resolution as it pissed the Senate.
Mr. PICKENS said that in relation to the ob-
jections of the gentleman from  Pennsylvania, it
was a matter of small importance as to the manner
in which the proceeds from the sale of these liens,
jackasses, etc. should be divided.   The committee I
had supposed that the most reasonable mode of dis- ,
posing the money would be to divide it among the j
charitable institutions of the District; and to pre-
vent any difficulty, they had designated a particu-
lar class, viz: the institutions for the benefit of or-
phans.
Besides, he did not feel disposed to burden the
Treasury with more animals than were now at-
tached to it.
It was also to be considered, that some gentle-
men were strict constructionists, and would objpet
to any money going into the Treasury that was not
derived from taxation.   So, to avoid any objection
j  of this kind, he did not recommend  the jackasses
|  to be fastened upon  the Treasury, but proposed
J  that the money arising from their sale  should  be
divided among the orphan institutions of the Dis-
trict.   To this he hoped there would be no objec-
tion.
Mr. PETRIKIN sa!8 the gentleman from South
Carolina appeared disposed to turn his objection
into ridicule, and ha,t talked about the money
from the sale of jackasses not going into the Trea-
sury. But would the gentleman let the demands of
the poor men who were dependent on the Treasury
remain unsatisfied, because the money to pay them
arose from the sale of jackasses'? Would the gen-
tleman let the poor man want food from such scru-
ple;1? But did not the money which led to these
presents come out of the Treasury? How were the
splendid embassy and the armed vessels that went
to that country paid for, but out of the Treasury?
It was not for the benefit of the community at
large, but for the benefit of a few pampered indi-
viduals to the prejudice of the community. The
money for all ihei<e things came out of the Trea-
sury, and whether it was returned in the shape of
jackasses or anv thing else, let the money go into
the Treasury again.
Mr. CRABB thought the objection of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina of no weight. If the
animals were to be sold, he was perfectly willing
for that portion of the money which arose from
I   the jackasses should go into  the Treasury.    He
I   thought that would be the best way of disposing
j   of the money.    As for the lions, those nobler ani-
'   mats, he was not willing that the proceeds of them
I   should go into the Treasury.
¡       Mr. DROMGOOLE said this was not a question
I   as to whether the money arising from the sale of
i   jackasses could go into the Treasury or not.   The
|    proper   question before the Hou*e   was  on the
i   amendment of  the committee; and, believing that
i   no benefit could arise from the discission, he would
I   move the previous question, which was seconded,
1  and the mam question was ordered.
i      The  question being first on concurring in the
I amendment of the committee to  the resolution,  it
was read as follows:
"Strike out the words,  'and cauqe the proceeds
thereof to be placed in the Treasury of the United
States;' and in<e>t, 'and cause the proceeds thereof
I to be   distributed   equally amongst   the  different
¡ charitable institutions for the support of orphans in
the  District   of Columbia: Provided,   nevertheless,
That the sword tendered from the Imaum of Mus-
cat be deposited in the State Department."
1      Mr. PETRIKIN demanded  the yeas and nays,
i which being ordeied, were—yeas 97, nays 65.   So
! the amendment was concurred in.
The question recurring on ordering the bill and
amendment to bp engrossed fur a third reading,
Mr. COOPER of Georgia moved to lay the bill
on the table, and asked the yeas and nays on that
motion.
Mr. ADAMS inquired of the Chair whether
there was an example since the formation of the
Government, in which the President was autho-
rized to accept presents.
The CHAIR was understood to reply, that there
was an instance, not very remote, in which lions
and other animals were received and authorized
by resolution to be disposed of in a similar way as
proposed in the amendment of the Committee of
Foreign Affairs to the joint resolution.
Mr. ADAMS wished to know if that was autho-
rized by a resolution of the House.
The CHAIR said he would examine.
Mr. ADAMS said he wished the House would
allow a little discussion on this joint resolution. It
was an entire new thing, and a very dangerous
thing.
Mr. A. was here called to order on the ground
that the motion to lay on the table had not been
withdrawn.
Mr. COOPER did not whh to have the time of
the Hou^e consumed, and withdrew h;s motion.
Mr. ADAMS resumed.    He hoped the House
would well consider this resolution before its pas-
sage.   He believed it was an example entirely
new.   He did not know of any  authority which
ever gave to the President of the United States, or
any  o'her officer, the power  to accept presents
from any foreign country.   If the President of the
1 United States can accept presents, and then either
House of Congress can dispose of those  presents,
by giving them to charitable institutions, why to-
morrow they might pass another law, authorizing
the President to accept and keep, and turn to his
own use, presents from any foreign power.   For
one, he wished to lake his stand, and say that the
President of the United States should receive no
'  presents from any foreign power, or that any dis-
1  position should be made of them at all.    If they
'  were disposed to make any grant to charitable insti-
;  tutiocs, let them do it from their own property, and
I not from  these  presents from foreign   ceuntries.
There was something in   the very acceptance of
i these presents by the President of the United States
i that—
I Mr. A. was here called to order by several mem-
I bers, on the ground that the previous question had
I  been ordered.
j      Mr. COOPER of Georgia having misunderstood
t  the manner in which the question stood before the
j  House, renewed the motion to lay the joint resolu-
tion on the tab'e; and asked the yeas and nays on
that motion, which were orderpd.
Mr. PICKENS requested thp Clerk to read that
portion of the Constitution which permits presenta
to be received, by authority of Congress. It was
read accordingly, as follows;
