CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45?
"No title of nobility shall be granted by the
United State?; and no person holding any office of
profit or trust ui.d°r tnem sha'l, without the con-
se. t • f be C g e¿ , ace , or ■ v j>ie ; n\ emo u-
m-n , t iii¿e,o. (¡' ?"t ~.ny (find «hj evf, from any
kin , p i ce, or f ieijn p > en*a;e."
Mr. ADAMS dJint int-nd nsay tiat Conaress
had not the power to authouze the reception of pre-
sents. He contended that the power never had
been exercised, and should not be exercised now.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay on the table, and it was decided ¡a the i.e¿ative
by yeas 55, nays 110.
Mr. HOFFMAN asked whether it would be in
order to move to recommi'.
The CHAIR said it could be done only by gene-
ral consent.
Mr. DROMGOOLE made a few remarks, which
were inaudib'e.
Mr. PICKENS objected to the recommitment.
There was not the slightest reason in the opposi-
tion. Tne objection to the power in Congre s to
authorize the President to receive, was imaginary.
The Constitution was express
Mr. ADAMS said that twice, in the course of
our history, had Congress been asked to authorize
the acceptance of presents from foreign powers,
and twice had it been ietused.
Mr. PICKENS said, with the understanding
that the resoluncn should be acted on in the morn-
ing, he would withdraw thJ objrc'ion; and,
On mU'on of Mr. HOFFMAN, the res-olut'on
was recommitted to the Commit'ee on Foreign Af-
fairs.
Mr. TURNEY asked the general consent of the
House to make a report from the Judiciary Com-
mittee,
Mr. PETRIKIN objre'ed.
Mr.  TURNE Y moved  U  suspend   the rules;
which the Finase refused.
Mr. W. B CAMPBELL, by general consent,
presented the petitions of the heirs and lega' repre-
sentatives of Lteu'enant Colonel Henry Dixon, of
the North Carolina line: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
The SPEAKER laid before the House  a com-
munication from the Executive, as follows:
To the House  f Representatives:
I herewith submit a report fiom the Secret.ry of
the Treasury, in relation to certain lands falling
within the Chickasaw cession, which have been
sold at Cuocchuma and Columbus, in Mississipp ;
and invite the at'entiun of Congress to the tub,ect
of further legislation in relation to them.
M. VAN BÜREN.
Washington, Jane 6 h, 1840.
On motion of Mr. REYNOLDS, referred to the
Commitiee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
piinted.
The SPEAKER aKo laid before the House a
letter from the Commissioner of Pensions, contain-
ing the informauoii called lor by tie Hoiue on the
5th instant, in relation to withholding the payment
of cenata pensions; wh>rh was 'ttd on the table.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, h s col'eague,
Mr. Taliaferro, who was called away ir<>m ¡he
city, was granted l^ave (f absence for two days.
Mr. CUSH1NG, remarking that thj reports rf
committees hai row been obstruí ted for a fort-
night, moved a '-u<-pen.9¡¡<n if the rule, for the pur-
pose of itceivicg Hiem.
The ayes were 75, the n'>es 53; so, there not be-
ing twe-thtrds in the affirmauve, the rule was not
suspended.
The hour havins expired,
Mr. JONES oí Virg nía called for the orders of
the day.
Mr. HOLMES made an ineffeetusl eff. rt to pre-
sent a memorial fiom the Chamber cf Commerce
of Charleston; end
Mr. STEWART of Illinois made an ineffectual
effort to have his mot on to print fire thousand ad-
ditional copies of the report on the mineral lands
considered.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the rules were
suspended and the House resolved ítte f into Com-
mute* of the Whole on the state of the Umon,
(Mr. Banks in the chair,) and resumed  the consi-
deration of the Independent Treasury bill.
Mr. UNDEKWOOD resumed his remarks in
p si.i-tit. he mi, an.' in favor of * National
Ba<ik as ?n anug.-ni-i measure to the above. 1 
«.pi-akins or the restive p iw^rs and effects of the
two moies above suggested on the cunency, he
contended that a National Bank would so control
the currei cy as to drive the Sate issues out of cir-
culation and substitute a better currency; but that
the Independent Treasury, [though it authorizes
the receipt of a proportion of specie paying State
bank paper in the payment of dues,] would drive
the State paper out of circulation and substitute
noihu.g—it would opfra'etodimtni-di the circulating
medium and appiectate the value of money,, and
would to that degree lessen the price of all things
—labor as welt as the product of labor [including
the necessaries cf life.] He said he told his con-
stituents that thsy must have a National Bank or
break up the State banks before they could have a
well regulated currency The bill before the com-
mittee would prove to be an insuffisient regulator.
Mr. LUCAS obtained the floor and spoke a few
minutes in favor of the bill, and then
The House took ti e usual recess at 2i o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. LUCAS resumed, and spoke at some length,
and examined the merits of the bill, as compared
wnh that of a Na'ional Bank, or the depoute sys-
tem. He then showed tint the present measure
was in strict accordance w.th 'he spirit of the
Constitution, ard askel why then it had been so
btferiy denounced. The Opposition themselves
had admitted that the United Staks Bank had
failed to perform what it promKed; then what other
a'ternative 'vas there but a meante like thi«. The
Ccnst.tution recognised no other currency than sil-
ver and gold, and a system ba-ed upan that was
the only one wh ch could an^er. So far as hu-
man laws C' uld protect, or human ingenuity sug-
gest, this measure, takirg all the chances in peace
oi war, would be found intinit ly more safe than
an irresponsible banking corporation, which would
use the money for its own benefit.
JVir. L. fren went on to show that the idea of a
paper system for the revenue nevr entered the
minds if the framers of the Consat ilion, and that
those who contended to the contrary, must be la-
boring under an hallucination oí mind, as there
was not tne slightest evidence to suppoit it.
He then eave a detailed histiryof the Bank of
England and the Uniied Statr-s Bank, with a view
of showiag that they were both affected by similar
cause*, and wdildlrom matiers of interest co-ope-
rate together After show n  how admirable the
pre.-ent Uni'ei States Bank had seived a* a 'Tegu-
13101" by being ihe fir.-t to suspend, Mr. L. drew a
strong picture of ihe conseq enees that would
arise from the union of a National Bank and the
Bank of England He showed how easily, in case
of a war, the Government might be crippled by
the influence of the Bank of Eng'and, acting con-
joi i i,' with our National Bank, and causing it to
su p° >d. Tne two banks, would, from sell-inte-
n st, become in fact one and the same institution.
Then what patriot was there, who would not shud-
der at the idea of the jeo¡ ardy in which his country
would be placed, by the charter of a National
Dank as a fiscal pgent? The whole revenues of
thr> country would be at the mercy of foreigners,
who, by their interest in the Bank, would cripple
the Government when they pleased.
Mr. MARVIN then took the floor in opposition
to the b.ll, and-continued his remarks until seven
o'clock, when he gave way to a motion that the
committee rise.
The committee then rose, and
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair, the
the chairman reported progress on the bill.
Mr. EVANS moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. HOPKINS demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion; which were ordered.
Mr EVANS then withdrew his motion.
Mr. MORGAN moved a call tf the House; but
the yeas and uays having been ordered, he with-
drew the mo'ion.
Mr. DROMGOOLE renewed the motion, and de-
manded the yeas and nays; which w«rc ordered.
Mr. EVANS again moved that the Hot}$e ad.-
joorn; and the yeas and nays having been'ordeted
on that motion, were—yeas 29, nays 54.
So the Hue refuse! to adjourn.
The qi, six n wav ih*n taken by yeas and nays,
whether t -ere should be a call, and was determined
in the negative—yeas 38, nays 51.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, a call having been
refused,
The House, at half-past 7 o'clock, adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, June 10, 1840.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial of citi-
zens of New York, on the subject of the bankrupt
law, remonstrating against including in the. law
any provision making the assent of creditors ne-
cessary to the discharge of the bankrupt; which,
was referred to the select committee, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the mempn^f a
number of persons engaged in the manufacture of
hats, praying that a duty may be imposed on
foreign hats imported into this country; which was
referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. S. also presented the memorial of the pas-
tor and elders of the I?irst Presbiterian congrega-
tion of Elizabethtown, New Jersey; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Commütee on Claims,
to which had been referred the bill for the relief of
Ephra.m D. Dickson, made a favorable report there-
on; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Distrct of Columbia, to which had been referred
the bill f(r the relief of the widow of Lewis
Grant  Davidson, made a favorable report thereon.
7 hi resrlutton submitted by Mr. ROANE, on
Monday last, to print 20,000 copies of the report of
the Committee on the Militia, being taken up—
Mr. PRESTON addressed the Senate at much
length in opposition to the resolution, and the plan
of the Secretary of War.
Mr. ANDERSON in reply defended the report
of the committee and urged the propriety of print-
ing the extra number.
Mr. CRITIENDEN having obtained the floor,
yielded it to
Mr. NORVELL, at whose suggestion the fur-
ther consideration of the subject was postponed un-
til Friday next.
GENERAL ORDERS.
The bill for the relief of David McNair;
The bill for the relief of John Richey;
The bill to grant other lands to the inhabitants
of townships deprived of the 16th section by Indian
reservations;
The bill to antohrize the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to use chemical or any other oil in. the light-
houses, and to make the necessary alterations for
that purpose;
The bill for the relief of Francis Laventure,
Ebenezer Childs, and Linus Thompson; ,
were severally considered as in committee, of the
w hole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill making appropriations to complete cer-
tain military roads in the State of Arkansas was
taken up as in committee of the whole, and after
being explained and advocated by Messrs. FUL-
TON, SEVIER, and LINN, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The bill for the relief of James.H. Ralston;
The bill for the relief of Alfred Westfall;
The bil! for the relief of Jacob Hanks, and -
The bill for the relief of Samuel Ferguson;
were considered as in committee of the whole,
and their further consideralion indefinitely post-
poned, (rejected.)
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, June 11,1840.
The CHAIR announced that the first business
in order was the motion of the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Randolph] to recommit to the
Committee on Commerce, the bill reported from
that cwnmittee by the gentleman from Maryland
