CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
sissippi,
talk about parties out-demagoguing each
other. He [Mr. L.] solecioly affirmed, ih>t in re-
porting the bi'l, the commit'ee wei3 influenced by
no polit'cal motives whatever. It was done with a
view of equalizing the mileage, and not from any
de ire of popularity, or from any political cona-
derations, that the bill was reponed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved the previous ques-
tion on the motion to reconsider, which was re-
corded, and the main question ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, demandad
the yeas and nays on the motion to reconsider;
which, being ordered, were—yeas 29, nays 125.
So the Hoose refused to reconsider.
The bill heretofore reported from tht Committee
on the Library, in addihou to the acts now in force
for the encouragement of learning, by securing he
copies of maps, charts, and books to the auihors
and proprietors of such   copies during the lime
therein mentioned, regulating an international ex-
change of such works, came up in its order on en-
grossment tor a third reading, was read the third
time, and,
The question being, "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. PETRIKIN objected to its passage without
proper consideration and due examination; and,
After a few remarks by Mr. TILLINGHAST,
explanatory of the bill, denying the ground* as-
sumed by Mr. Petrikin,
Mr. PETRIKIN then moved that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole, to take its
place on the calendar; which was agreed to.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
On motion ef Mr. J. W. JONES, the rules were
suspended, and the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
resumed the consideration of the Independent
Treasury bill.
Mr. PARRISH being entitled to the floor, resum-
ed bis remarks from yesterday in support of the
bi'l. He continued his examination of the effects
of a paper cuTency in prostrating the business of
the country, and showed that in case of a rechar-
ter of a Great Regulator, similar effects would
ensue.
The time havin? arrived for taking the usual re-
cess, Mr. P. suspended his remarks.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess,
Mr. PARRISH resumed and ccncluded bis re-
marks; in the course of which he examined the
various features of tbs antagonistical measure of
the Opposition. A full report will be given heie-
af.er.
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky followed, and spoke at
some lenzth in opposition to the bill.
Mr. FLOYD then took the floor, and spoke at
some length in favor of the bill; after Mr. P. had
concluded—
Mr. BANARD obtained the floor; and, on bis
motion, the committee rose, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Fridat, June 12, 1840.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee en Na-
Ts! Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Catharine Bhker, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof; which was agreed
to.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, to which
•as referred the bill from the House for the relief
of James J.   Coffin,  made   an   adverse report
thereon.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill supplemental
*?an*clentitled an act for the discontinuance of
the office of surveyor general in the several dis-
tTü *r ^ M lhe sjrveyc5 therein can be com
pieted, for abolishing land offices unJer certain cir
camstances,andfor other purposes, reported they'
same w.,ho«t amendment.                                   ^
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the select committee
w wmen was referred the subject of establishing a
. "°fm Jaw o  the subjfet of bankruptcy, reported
• Din which was ordered to be printed, and
 Me the special order of the day for Tuesday
■••IT 
Mr. Sfl&RICK, from the Committe* on the
DistriC, reported a bill to amend  the chaitaf'of
Georgetown; which was read, and ordered tO/4 se-
cond reading.                     i                     /
MILEAGE OF   MEMBERS  OF COJ^GRESS.
The bi.l f.-om the Hou.se of Representatives or
the establishment of a uniform, system oFcompuung
the mileige of members of Congress was twice
read, when                                     /
Mr. NORVELL moved a refere/ce of the bill to
a «elect committee.                    /
Mr. DAVIS could not see art/ necessity for the
reference. Th* bill was plain, and contained but
a single provision, which the Senate must under-
stand without any explanation from a committee.
Mr. NORVELL perceived a strong necessity for
the proposed reference. The bill was novel in its
character and its provisions. It provided that the
mileage of members of the two Houses should be
computed upon a stra;ghi line from the feat of Go-
vernment to their respective residences. The line
was to be drawn upon the mest approved maps.
Sir, the consideration of this bill, this air-drawn
line, required scientific, geographical, and perhaps
astronomical information. It was a very serious
matter. A committee would probably be necessary
to decide as to what maps should be used in mark-
in  the several lines from the seat of Government
to the res'dence of each and every member of the
Senate and House. The existing law on the sub-
ject of mileage provided that the mileage should
be computed according to the usual travelling
routes. This was the correct princ;ple. In his
judgment, it needed no change. The people had
called for none. The proposition had, he sup-
posed, originated in a spirit of superlative econo-
my, if not in a disposition to make political capi-
tal out of the qufStion. Bu , extraordinary as the
ma:n provkion in lhe bill wa?, novel as it was, be-
yond ail precedent ever set in any legislative body
on the same subject, it deserved a reference, and, as
it belonged to no standing committee, he had a¿ked
that the bill he referred to a select committee.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama hopsd the committee to
whi<*h this bill was referred would consider whether
a still farther reform was not desirable—that of re-
ducing the per d.em from eight dollars to five or
six do'Jars per day. As gentlemen ssemed to sup-
pose it proper that we should travel by an air line
to and from Washington city, it might be proper
to see if we could not subsist on air while we re-
sided here. If the mileage was reducsd, he was in
favor of an inquiry into the propriety of reducing
the per diem, and to compensate membets only for
their actual attendance to their duties.
Mr. GRUNDY, in alluding lo this matter, said
there would always be more or less drfficuty in
finding the Irut distance. He thooght the manner
of computing at present was about right; those
who got the most for mileage he knew made the
most sacrices. There was nothing like conceal-
ment in him, «tnd be should not disguise hi< senti-
ments in relation to th;s matter; and although he
wou'd vote for no increase of pay or m leage, (for
on that subject they had been taught a jpretty severe
le¿son once before,) he should also vote against all
attempts to reduce pay or mileage. It was a losirg
business with him as it was, bu' he was willing to
bear his share o/ the public burden.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped that h:s friend from
Alabama would not press his motion, and that the
Senate wculd meet the question fairly.    He would
speak  with   the   greater  freedom on   this  ques-
tion, for he had never availed himself of charg-
ing   according   to   the   long   and   more    usual
and   cheapest  route  between his residence   and
his p'ace; he   meant the  one by   Charleston ;
kut he was,  at  the same time,   in favor of a
Kbpral allowance for travelling.    He regarded it
a-     An erroneous view of the subject, to suppose that
r-   ,/the regulation of the mileage should be exclusively,
-- " or even principally, in reference to the expense of
ng,
\
\a,
travelling. There is something in mere distance—
of being far removed, ro large a portion of the
year, from our business, families, and homes,
that ought to be taken into the estimate. It is dif-
ficult, for those who have not actually experienced
it, to ;ay how high that estimate ought to place
mileage in the scale of compensation allowed the
members,   Bat there is another and connected
view of this point, in his opinion, of the highest
importance. If it bs desirable to continue the seat
of Government where it is, and to avoid the agita-
tion of the exciting and danaerous questio > of re-
moval, it wih be found not the least effectual
means, to allow a hoeral compensation for travf 1-
ling. He would go farther—the rate of the allow-
ance is not without a bearing on ihe existence of
the Union itself. If we take both of these impor-
tant considerations into the estimate, it will be found
difficult to say how high a value ought to be
attached to ra'e of compensation, that would induce
the members from the distant portions of this
vast confederacy to encounter willingly and cheer-
fully all the sacrifices incident to absence for so
li ng a time, and so far from business, family,
home, and all the endearing relations of life, and
the danger of one so low, as would be followed by
an opposite state of feelings. Thus thinking, he
was was in favor of a liberal allowance for mile-
age, and opposed to any reduction, which the law, as
it now standi, authorizes. Ifthere be any ambiguity
in the law,let it be explained by a declaratory act, so
that there may be uniformity in the rate of charging.
This he thought desirable; but nothing more. He
regarded all questions, touching the compensation
ot the members of Congress, of great delicacy, and
deserving careful consideration. Much depended
on it.
He had been in favor of the act' which had
changed the per diem into an annual compensa-
tion, and experience had but confirmed him that
its repeal had proved a public misfortune. Had
it remained, the business of the country would
have been despatched in much shorter time, and
hebelieved much more satisfactorily to the country,
and with great savins; of time and money. But
what was still more important, it would have done
much to place the members above Executive influ-
ence, and thereby done much to keep tire Govern-
ment pure and within its assigned sphere. He
thought so at the time, and tofd the enlightened and
patriotic people, whom he then represen'ed, so;
and had the satisfaction of being supported by
them in the ground he took.
Mr. SEVIER expressed his' decided opposition
to the measure. H** was clearly of opinion that
it was sent to the Senate with a settled convic-
tion that it could not become a law, and that those
who voted for it did not wish it to pass. He knew
that he him-elf had a hard bargain to get here and
back upon the mileage allowed him, and that if it
was cut down he would be considerably out of
pocket. Sometimes, when the water was up, he
could get here at a low rate; but when he had to
come by land it was a different affair. He would
defy any man to come from his residence here in
a direct line. In order to get here he must first go
to Memphis, and from thence through Nashville,
Knoxville, &c. to this place. He had to travel 300
mies out of the way before he could get the right
road. No man could get to his residence unless
he went down the Ohio and Mississippi, or look an
equally circuitous route by land; and here the bill
of the House supposed that they must travel
through the ah, for they were to charge for their
mileage by an air line. He had always charged
by the long route, and so had his a>sociates. It
was merely p'aying with the Senate to send it such
a bill, for those who passed it^ never expected or
desired that it should become a law. There was
no use in sending it to a special committee—it
ou?bt to be met and rejected at once; and if it was
in order, ho would make that motion.
Mr. HUBBARD hoped the bill would be refer-
red to a select committee, and if it operated une-,
qually it should be amended. The great desidera-
tum on this subject was some uniform rule.
Whether the object would be attained by the pas-
sage of this bill he was not prepared to say, but he
was not at present prepared to vote against it. He
hoped that the bill would be treated with that
courtftsy and respect which was due to a measure
emanating from a co-ordinate branch of the Le-
gislature.
Mr SEVIER was not very solicitous about the
matter. If the bill was referred, he hoped it
would be referred to the Cornmiitee on Indian At-
fairs,
