460
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, said he must think
the object, which he presumed the House had in
riew, was worthy of consideration, and he would
submit it to the Senator from Arkansas, whether
t was trea'ingthe House with due respect to charge
them with or g natmg a bill which tbey did not
wish to pass. The object of it was to equalize the
travelling of members of Congress, by a uniform
rule. By the «listing law, members from t*ie
same place or neighborhood charged their mileage
by different rules. Mr. C. had always charged by
the territorial rule, although he went by the long
route; and, owing to the facilities of steamboats
and railroads, that route was the cheapest and
quickest. But it was a fact, that members from
the same neighborhood received different pay.
The object of this bill was to equalize it on the
principle of the air line. But, whether this prin-
ciple was right or not, the object of ihe bill was
good, and Mr. C. wished it committed.
The bill was then referred to a select committee   i
to consist of five members.                                    •,
Mr. SEVIER submitted the following resolu- •
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish, in the first week of the next sesión of
Congress, a tabular statement showing the amount |
at present received by each rank of the army as ¡
pay under the several allowances or emoluments, ■
and what was received during the late war, under
the same heads; and that, with a view to establish ;
a fixed compensation or salary for each rank, he , _
report, if any, what allowance will be necessary  j j
to be retained to give efficiency in actual service.     '!
Mr. SEVIER hoped that the   Senate   would  ,
unanimously consent to the consideration of the
resolution at the present time, but
Mr. PRESTON objecting, it was laid over until
to-morrow,
Mr. MERRICK submitted the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That the President of the United
States be requested to cause to be prepared and
submitted to Congress, as early as conveniently
may be after the commencement of the next ses-
sion, a plan and estimates fof lhe improvement of
Pennsylvania avenue west of the President's
square, and for the construction of a stone bridge
across Reck creek, to connect the western terminus
of said avenue with one of the principal streets of
Georgetown.
Resolved, further, That the President be requested
to cause proper inquiry and examination to be
made for the ascertainment of the best and most
economical mode of correcting the inconveniences
arising from the pulverisation of the broken stone   ¡
with which said avenue is covered between the   )
Capitol and President's square, and that he com- (
municate the result to Congress at the commence- | j
ment of the next session, with estimates of   the
probable cost of execution of any plans for reme-
dying said inconvenience which he may approve.
DISTRICT BANKS.                       '
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, the bill to in-
corporate the Bank of the District of Columbia
was taken up, and read a second time.
Mr. TAPPAN observed that it was the un-
derstanding of the Senate, he believed, certainly
his understanding, when all the bills on the sub-
ject of the banks of the District of Columbia
were mads the special order of the day, for the
same day, with the bill reported by the chair-
man of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, that they should all be taken up and con-
sidered at the same time. There were several
bills on this subject.   First, there was
The bill for the more easy collection of small
bank notes within the District of Columbia.
2d. The bill for the collection of bank notes of
and under the denomination of twenty dollars, is-
sued by banks within the District of Columbia.
3d. The bill to regulate the issuing and circulat-
ing of bank paper in the Di«trict of Columbia.
If it was in order and conformable to the usual
practice of the Senate, he would move that these
three bills be taken up, and considered with the
bill just read. He wat not sufficiently conversant
with the rules of the Senate to know whether the
motion was or was not in order,                           i
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHAIR said that the motion was not in
order.
Mr. TAPPAN. Then I move that the bill to
incorporate the banks of the District of Columbia
be postponed till trie next session of Congress. 1
shall, if this motion succeeds, move to pospone
the other three bills, the titles of which I have read,
with the view of offering the resolution which I
hold in my hand, and which, for the information
of the Senate and by its permission,I will read:
"Strike out all after the enacting clause and in-
sert : That the charters of the Farmers' and Me-
chanics' Bank of Georgetown, the Bank of
the Metropolis. Patriotic Bank of Washington, and
the Bank of Washington, in the city of Washing-
ton, and the Farmers' Bank of Alexandria, and the
Bank of Potomac, in the town of Alexandria, be,
and the same are hereby, extended to the 4th day
of July, 1841, so far as to enable said banks to
sue and be sued on any contract now existing."
It was suggested *by the Senator lrom Mary-
land, when he moved to take up this bill, that it
would probably occasion no argument. Now, Mr. i
T. thought, if the bill was to be acted on at this íes- |
sion, or whenever it was acted on, it would occa- i
sion much argument. Assuredly such a bill as
had just been read by the Secretary, could not be
passed sub silentio. It would be discusced, and
many important subjects would be discussed with
it. For himself, he preferred not going into the dis- 1
cassion during this session. He preferred postponing
it till the next, as they had as much business before
them, with the bankrupt question, and other im-
portant subjects, as would occupy all their lime;
and no injury could result from this course. The
object of the resolution was simply to postpone the
further consideration of this subject till the next
session, and in the m*>an time, to authorize the
banks to collect the debts due to them—to continue
their corporate powers for the sole purpose of
suing and being sued. He supposed that they
wanted it for no other purpose, as he understood
that they had for a long time passed been doing no
banking business.
Mr. MERRICK suggested to the Senator from
Ohio that, if these bills should be postponed, the
resolution proposed by him would fall into the
calendar, and might not be reached, or reached too
late to pass both Houses. Mr. M. therefore, thought
it better for Mr. T. to move to strikel from this
bill all but the enacting clause, and to insert his
resolution as a substitute for the bill; and, if this
motion prevailed, the resolution might then be so
modified as to suit the views of the majority of the
Senate.
Mr. TAPPAN said that, at the time he made
his motion, he supposed that that disposition of
the bills would be most agreeable to the gentleman
from Maryland. He now found that he was mis-
taken, and that the Senator preferred a different
course. He was willing to accede to the gentle-
man's proposition, and he thirefore moved to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill
under consideration, and to insert his resolution in
lieu thereof.
Mr. MERRICK then, in compliance with his
pledge to Mr. Clay of Alabama, moved to post-
pone the further consideration of the subject till
to-morrow, which motion was agreed to.
REPORT OF THE MILITIA COMMITTEE.
The motion to print 20,000 copies of the report
of the Committee on the Militia being taken up,-
was debated at length by Messrs. CRITTENDEN,
CUTHBERT, and CLAY of Alabama, pending
whose remarks,
The Senate,adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, June 12, 1840.
The unfinished business of the morning hour j
being the motion to recommit the report of the i'
Committee on Commerce in favor of a repeal of the ¡
pilot law,                                                               i
Mr. HILLEN resumed and concluded his re- , ¡
marks in opposition to the motion, and in favor of   I
a repeal of the law.   He, in the course of his re-
marks, showed that under the law of the State of
New York, a combination among the pilots could
not exist, and. repelled the charges of inefficiency
and neglect of duty, which had been alleged against
lhe Net York pilots by the gentleman lrom New
York, [Mr Curtis ]
Mr. GRINMELL of New York then took the
floor, and ?poke until the expiration of the hour
against the repeal of the law.                               '
* Mr. BOTTS submitted a preamble and resolu-
tion, calling for information m relation to the pro-
ceedings ot the court martial in the case of Lieute-
nant Hooe, en which the preamble alleged that
the testimony of two colored men had been re-
ceived.
The preamble, accompanied by a resolution,
was read for the information of the House, as fol-
lows:
And whereas the introduction of negroes and pri-
vate servants of the prosecutors as witnesses, to
testify against the characters of gentlemen of th&
navy, in the service of their country, is a practice,
though sanctioned by the President of the United
States, that will not be justified, and ought not to
be tolerated by Scuthen men, or "¿fortliern men
with Southern principles " and, if not arrested, must
operate as a ruinous injury to the navy, to the hu-
miliation of its officers, and to the infinite discredit
of the Government;
Resolved, therefore, That the Secretary of the Na-
vy be required to communicate to this House a
copy of the proceedings of the court martial held
for the trial of Lieutenant George Hooe, that his
wrongs may be promptly redressed, and the evils
complained of corrected without delay.
Mr. BOTTS said if it was objected to, he w"ould
move to suspend the rules, and call for lhe yeas
and nays. He held himself responsable, boih per-
sonally and officially, for the truth of the facts al-
leged in the preamble—responsible, there and eke-
where.
Mr. FRANCIS THOM4S objected to the re-
ception of the resolution. He was opposed to any
business being thrown in to interfere with the regu-
lar business of the House. He was understood to
say that he did not know the bearing or purposes of
the resolution—whether it was intended to have le-
gislative action upon it hereafter or not; and until
he could understand the objects of the mover, he
must object.
Mr. BOTTS moved to suspend the rules, to en ■
able him to present the preamble and resolution,
and on that motion demanded the yeas and nays.
He would bring these Demociats up to the bull-
ring.
The yeas and nays having been ordered, were—
yeas 95, nays 85. So the rules were not sus-
pended.
Mr. BOTTS said his object was attained; he
was satisfied; he had got the facts before the coun-
try.
[A Southern Democrat, in the neighborhood of
Sleepy Hollow, was heard in an under tone to ex-
claim, " How well the Northern Abolitionists and
Southern Whigs pall together in the traces, on the
motion to suspend the rules for the reception of
the resolution. It looks suspicious—it looks like
concert and design.]
Mr. M'KAY (who had voted with the most of
the Southern men against the resolution, because it
was ill-timed, and because they were by inferencs
challenged and dated to oppose it) moved the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and he is hereby, directed to communicate to this
House a copy of the proceedings of a court mar-
tial held in May and June of 1839, for the trial of
Lieut. George M. Hooe, of the Navy, with any ac-
tion of the Executive had thereon.
Mr. THOMAS said he must object to this «so-
lution also, and to any interruption of the regular
business.
Mr. McKAY then withdrew it, and gave notice
that he would offer it on to-morrow.
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved to suspend the
rules for the purpose of the House resolving itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. UNDERWOOD demanded the yeas and
nays on that motion, which, being ordered, were—
yeas 112. nays 72.   So the rules were suspended,
