CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
the motion under the new rule requiring but a
^'^INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the state of the Union, (Mr. Banks m the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the Inde-
pendent Treasury bill.
Mr. BARNARD, who was entitled to the floor,
spoke till the hourof recess, without concluding, in
opposition to the bill.
evening session.
After the recess,
There being but about twenty members within
the bar,
Mr. EVERETT thought that was rather too
small a congregation for the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Barnard] to address. He therefore
objected to going again into committee, unless a
greater number were present, and intimated his
wish to bare a call of the Heuse.
Mr. McKAY thought the House had better go
into committee, as in less time than it would take
to hare a call, it was probable a quorum would
appear.
After some farther debate of a desultory cha-
racter,
Mr. McKAY moved a call of the House, which
was ordered by a vote of—yeas 37, nays 7.
The call was then proceeded in for some time.
Mr. EVERETT said that, as an additional num-
ber of members had now arrived, he had no objec-
tion to go into committee, and he therefore moved
that all farther proceeding in the call be sus-
pended.
On this motion, Mr. DROMGOOLE demanded
the yeas and nays, which were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend, and it was negatived.
The proceedings ot the call were then resumed,
and the roll having been gone through, 80 mem-
bers answered to their names.
The doors were then closed, and the names of
the absentees called, after which 86 members were
found to be piesent.
On motion of Mr. RHETT, all further proceed-
ings in the call were then dispensed with.
It was now five o'clock, when
Mr. McCULLOH moved to adjourn; on which
notion the yeas and nays were ordered, and result-
ed—yeas 4, nays 95.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. DANA made an unsuccessful attempt to
introduce a resolution requiring the Clerk to pub-
lish in one of the city newspapers, a list of the
yeas and nays on all subjects.
After some debate of a conversational character,
which terminated in a motion to suspend the rules
for the purpose of receiving the resolution,
Mr. EVANS raised a point of order, which
was, that there being no quorum present, the
Stiakkr could not entertain any qaestion or mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER decided that, according to the
gentleman's own rule, his point of order could not
be entertained, there being no quorum present.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE a call of the
House was again ordered, and proceeded in until
125 members answered to thet* names.
A quorum now being present, and there being a
sufficient number to listen to the remarks of the
gentleman entitled to the floor, and to digest the
same, by general consent, all further proceedings
in the call were dispensed with.
The House then resolved itself into a committee
of the whole, and resumed the consideration of the
Iadependent Treasury bill.
Mr. BARNARD proceeded with his remarks in
opposition to bill until 7 o'clock.
Mr. GALBRAFTH then took the floor, and in a
very pointed manner commented upon the "pecu-
liar eieellencees" of a National Bank, as compared
with the system contemplated in this bill. In the
course of his remarks, he quoted several striking
instances where the old United States Bank had
shown how far such an institution was to be de-
pended upon as a regulator of the currency. The
speech of Mr. O. will appear as early as conve-
nient
Mr. SHEPARD next obtained the floor, but
gave way to a motion that the committee rise.
The committee then rose, and, at 9 o'clock p. m.
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Saturdav, June 14, 1840.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a preamble and reso-
lutions passed by the Board of Trade of the city of
New York, explaining certain portions of their
memorial, heretofore presented to the Senate, on
the subject of the bankrupt law; which were laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS submitted documents in relation to
the claim of Osmond Peters and others, officers at-
tached to the United States revenue service, to the
same pay and allowances as officers of similar <
grade in the navy; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,  !
to which was referred the bills from the House, ,
For the relief of Fielding Pratt;
For the relief of Job Wood.;
For the relief of Peter Hedrick;
For the relief of Niel Shannon;
For the relief of George Morris;
For the relief of Levi Johnston; and
For the relief of Samuel B. Hugo;
made adverse reports thereon; which were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the bill from the House for
the relief of Chauncey Rice, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the same committee, to
which was referred House bills
For the relief of Martha Strong, and
For the relief of Thomas Wilson,
made adverse reports thereon;   which were or-
dered to bs printed.
Mr. LINN, from the Commiitee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the bill for
the relief of Elihu Hall Bay, reported the same
without amendment, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. NICHOLAS submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of providing
by law for the payment of the balance due John
Mitchell and Ben. F. Fox, contractors for building
the branch mint at New Orleans.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr. SE-
VIER, was considered and agreed to.
Mr. MERRICK moved to take up the bill for
the incorporation of the Bank of the District of
Columbia.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama thought it would be
better to dispose of the unfinished business of the
morning hour, which was the motion to print
30,000 copies of the report of the Committee on
the Militia.
Mr. MERRICK said that he had no intention to
interrupt the debate on the motion alluded to by
the Senator from Alabama. His object was to
have the bill debated during the morning hour, and
would move to lay it on the table, should it not be
disposed of before one o'clock. He, however,
thought there would be no difficulty in disposing of
it in the course of half an hour.
Mr. TAPPAN thought the Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Merrick] was mis'aken in his estimate
of the time that would be necessary for the consi-
deration of this measure before it could be disposed
of. The Senate would first have to take the vote
on the amendment offered by himself, to which
other amendments would probably be offered.
These would lead to debate—earnest and pro-
tracted debate on the important principles in volved.
There was great diversity of opinion in relation to
the power of Congress to legislate on this subject,
and even those who admit the power are di-
vided in sentiment as to the expediency, or the ex-
tent, of its exercise. The Senator would therefore
see that instead of half an hour, days would pro-
bably be consumed in the debate. He would
submit to that Senator whether any thing could be
gained by pressing the subject at the present mo-
ment, and whether it would not be better to permit
the discussion, on the unfinished business, to pro-
ceed.
Mr. BENTON asked if this was not the bill to
recharter all the banks of the District in one.
Mr. MERRICK replied that the object of the
original bill was to charter a single bank for the
District of Columbia, in the place of the present
ones, whose charters were about to expire. But
the question now was on striking out that bill and
inserting a mere power for existing banks to con-
summate their contracts.
Mr. BENTON observed, that if there was not a
pending question which he thought should be disposed
of before this was touched, he would be willing to
go into the discussion of it quite readily.   But if it
was to be made a half hour's job of, it must be be-
cause his intellectual  and physical powers gave
out.    He had himself offered a resolution, which
was now on the table, declaring that the Senate
would not consider the subject of rechanering these
banks while they remained in a state  t non-pay-
ment.   The Congress of the United States was the
local Legislature of the District of Columbia, and it
had as jet done nothing to compel the banks  here
to fulfil  their obligations, though they made great
complaint of the manner in which the State Legis-
latures sanctioned  the suspensions of the   State
banks.   We complain, said Mr. B. of the manner
in which the banks overthrew the currency of the
Constitution, and substituted depreciated paper in
lieu of it, while we, who are, so far as these banks
are concerned, the local Legis'ature of the District,
are a*>out to sanction the same thing; for what else
was it but sanctioning their delinquencies, and de-
claring that they may suspend when they please,
and as long as they please,' if Congress went on to
give them new charters?    We have now been here,
said Mr. B. near seven months—and close by the
dog days, and the Congress of the United Stat'S had,
as yet, taken no step towards suppressing the cir-
culation of depreciated paper, and the importation
of all the broken  bank currency of the country.
Why, the District of Columbia is the reservoir into
which all the broken bank currency of the country
is poured;  and that, too, under the very eyes of
Congress, which has as yet taken no steps towards
protecting the interests of those  who had become
the prey of those banks, through Congressional le-
gislation.   He assured the Senator from Maryland
that the passage of the bill was not such a little
half hour's job as he supposed it to be.   He in-
tended to use bis best exertions to put an end to the
scandalous state of things which existed here—a
stale of things which shut the mouths of Congress
from saying any  thing with regard to the abuses
existing in the States; for the evil was worse here
than any where else.   The gentleman might go on
when he pleased with bis. half hour's job; but he
would find, when he began it, that it would not end
so soon as he imagined.   He (Mr. B.) was willing
to sit it out till the stars appeared in the evening,
and from then till they disappeared in the morning,
but what he would have some remedy applied to
the great and crying grievances suffered by the
people of this District.
Mr. MERRICK said the subject of this bill had
been before the Senate for several months, and M.
had hoped and expected that every Senator would
have made up his mind so as to act on the subject
without any long discussion. Mr. M. had not the
power to convince the Senator from Missouri on
this subject, but he would cheerfully submit to the
will of a majority of the Senate. It was of great
importance that the people of the District should
know soon what was to be done by Congress in re-
lation to their banks, and Mr. M. hoped the Senate
would now consent to take up the subject.
Mr. GRUNDY strongly expressed the hope that
the Senator from Maryland wculd not press -the
question at this time.
And Mr. MERRICK withdrew his motion.
REPORT OF THE MILITIA COMMITTEE.
The motion to print 20,000 copies of the report
of the Committee on the Militia was taken up,
and Mr. CLAY of Alabama continued his remarks
at much length, and was replied to by Mr. PRES-
TON.
Mr. SOUTHARD then moved to add to ihe re-
port of the committee the letter of   the Secretary
