462
fo War to the chairman of the Committee of the
Militia in 'be House of Representatives.
This motion was discussed by Messrs. SOUTH-
ARD, ROaNE, FULTON, WRIGHT, and
PHELPS, and disagreed to—ayes 11, noes 22, as
follow?:
YEAS—Meusrs. Clay of Kentucky,, Davis,
Dixon, Huntington, Phelps, Preston, Ruggles,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, and
White—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Bentcn, Brown,
Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuihbert, Fulton,
Grundy, Hubbard, King, Linn, Mouton, Nicholas,
Norrell, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Sirange, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Wall, and Wright—22.
The question then recurring on the motion to
print the report of the Committee on the Militia, it
was agreed to—ayes 23, noes 11, as fqllows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Benton, Brown, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Grun-
dy, Hubbard, King, Linn, Mouton, Nicholas, Nor-
vell, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Strange, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Wall, Wright, and Young—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Davis,
Dixon, Huntington, Phelps, Preston, Ruggles,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, and
White—11.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said as the gentlemen
on the opposite side of the chamber professed to be
anxious that the public should have light on this
subject, he moved that twenty thousand copies of
the plan of the Secretary of War for the organiza-
tion of the militia, and the plans of General Knox
and General Harrison on the same subject, be
printed for ihe use of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS movtd an adjournment; which was
carried.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, June 13th, 1640.
Thp CHAIR announced that the first business
in order was the motion of the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Randolph] 'o recommit to the
Committee on Commerce the bill reponed from
that committee by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Hillsn] to repeal the law of 1837, regulat-
ing pilots.
Mr. GRINNELL, who was entitled to the floor,
resumed his remaiks in opposition to the repeal of
the law, and in reply to the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Hillen.] He denied that the mer-
chants of New York bad oppressed the pilots. He
then related the circumstances of the loss of the
Mexico, and attributed, in some degree, the loss of
that vessel to the inattention and negligence of the
pilots of New York.
After speaking of the great losses of property, and
many evils before the passage of the law of 1837,
he showed the beneficial effects of that law. He
then spoke of the necessity of having strict laws
to induce the pilots to do 'their duty, some of
whom would not adhere to any law or any regula-
tions. But he bore testimony that there were
honorable exception? to that imputation, and
argued that the pilots had, since the passage of the
now proposed to be repealed, and which created
a competition among them, done their duty well.
Mr. MONROE of New York obtained the floor,
and movod the previous question; but gave way at
the suggestion of
Mr. HOLLEMAN, who advocated the repeal
of the law. He was surprised that Congress had
undertaken to legislate at all upon the subject. He
had some doubt whether it had the constitutional
power to do so—it was at least doubtful, or could
only be involved as an incidental right under the
general power to regúlale commerce. He argued
that the pilot system could be much better regu-
lated by the States. He thought it very singular
that, after the expiration of so many years ©f State
regulation previous to the pas>age of this law in
1837, Congress should not be called upon to pass
a general law, if legislation was necessary, instead
of being asked to pass one of a local character, to re-
gulate the pilots only of Jersey and New York.
He believed it would be much better if the matter
had been left with the States, which always had
had charge of it, and which properly understood
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
the subject.   He contended that if Congress should
I  undertake to legislate, it should establish some ge-
neral system. This law which is proposed to be re-
pealed, do?s not attempt' to  legulate the fees of
I    pilots, which was a most important particular, but
leave it to the two States interested in the law to
settle. He thought it belter to give the State
charge of the whale matter. He then spoke of the
law passed by the Lesislature of New York, subse- i'
quent to the passage of the law of Congress, which '',
1  he considered ample in its provisions to protect the i í
¡  merchants against the fear of combinations of pilots.  J j
That law permitted any man  who wa=i competent j
to get a license, to act as pilot,  and therefore there ¡ i
I   could be no monopoly.   The law, ha said, broke
up the combination complained of by the gentle-
men who opposed the repeal of the law of Congress,
and such combination was not prevented by  the   \
law of Congress.
He then spoke of the gallantry of the pilots belong-
ing to his S'ate, a portion of whom had peutioned
for the repeal of this law.   They asked no favor,
and weie too gallant and daring to fear competí- ,'
tion, but they  believed the  law was  >inju*t.    He '
then spoke of the manner in which the pilots of j
his State had been denounced, in the same manner  ; \
as those of New York, without proper  cause.    If   I
they wers deserving of any censure for inattention,
it grew out of ihelowness of their wages at  the
time,   and  not   for   the   want   of   indus'ry   on
their part.     They could   not   then   live at the
piices   paid,   and   there   was   no   incentive   to
action.   The Legisla! mre of this State  took  the  i
¡  subject in hand, raised their rates, and the const- j
i I  quenc  was, that the  complaints ceased.   They   ,
II   are not fobnd lurking in shore as had been former-
ly  ly charged, but could   be  found riding oat the
tempest even in the gulf stream.   All this, he *aid,
had been done without- ihe enactment of the law
I   of Congress. After speaking of the hard-hips and
meiitsof the pilots generally, Mr. H. moved the
previous question.
The morning hour having expired, the subject
was passed by.
Mr. WISE, by general consent, offered, on be-
half of his colleague, [Mr. Botts,] who was ab-
sent on the Commiitee of Elections, the following
resolution, as a substitute for that offered by that
gentleman, on yesterday, which was read and
agreed to, under the operation of the previous
question, viz:
Resolved, That  the  Secretary of the  Navy be  !
|   directed to  communicate to this House a copy of j
|   the record of all the proceedings of the naval court
martial held on board the United Slates ship Ma-
cedonia, then lying in Pensacola bay, for the trial   \
of Lieutenant George M. Hooe; together with the
approval, if any, of the judgment of the court by
; the Secretary of the Navy; the remonstrances, if
any, of the said Lieutenant Hooe, addressed to the
President of the United States, and all the proceed-
ings of the Executive (hereon.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the rules were
suspended, and the House resolved itself into
Commiitee of the Whole, (Mr. Banks in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the In-
dependent Treasury bill.
Mr. SHEPARD spoke at some length in sup-
port of the bill, which he contrasted with the pro-
posed scheme of the Opposition.   He replied to the
principal objections which had been urged against
an Independent Treasury, ands>howed that they ex-
isted only  in the heated fancy  and distempered
imaginations of its opponents.    He set forth, in a
striking manner, the good effects which would re-
,   suit from its adoption, and, among others, the ten-
'. j  dency it would have in restraining the shameful ex-
|   pansions of paper currency by the banks.   He de-
II   monsirated that in case of the re-estabh*hment of a
National Bank, similar disastrous   cons;quences
must inevitably result to those which had marked
the career of the United States Bink.   He also ad-   !
verted to a variety of other matters in connection  ' ]
wiih the currency of the country.                                ¡
Mr. EDWARDS of Pennsylvania obtained the  •
i   floor, and opposed ihe bill.   He argued in favor of I
a National Bank as a regulator of the currency; ¡
and to sustain bis positions, advened to the stale j
of the currency when that institution was in exis- J
tence. He pursued pretty much the same coarse
of argument against the bill as had been indulged
in by others.
When Mr. E. had finished, and there being 8o
other person who claimed the floor to speak, üje
cry of question, question, was called from tvtry
part of the hall; when
Mr. DAVIES moved that the commiitee rise; and
the committee having btea divided on that motion,
there were—ayes 20, noes 40.
The committee refused to rise; but there being
no quorum, the Chairman rose and reported
that fact to the House.
Mr. DROMGOOLE remarked, that if there had
been a quorum present in committee, the question
could have been taken. Therefore, to compel the
attendance of a quorum, he moved a call of the
House.
Mr. MORGAN moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. DROMGOOLE demanded the yeas and
nays on that motion; which, having been ordered,
were—yeas 35, nays 50.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The hour of 2l o'clock having arrived, the House
tcok a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
The question pending being on the motion for a
call of the House, after some conversational de-
bate as to the propriety of going into committee
without a quorum,
Mr. ANDREWS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. LINCOLN, in a very earnest manner,
wished to call the attention of gentlemen to the im-
propriety of suffering the debate to go on, unless
there was a quorum in attendance. For what par-
pose did gentlemen speak on this or any other mea-
sure? Was it to influence ;he country alone? If
so, then it would be better to have no call, but to
check at once all further debate, and go home to
ihe people, and not continue the course pursued on
last week, when gentlemen were speaking to empty
benches. He wished to be distinctly understood
as insisting that there should either be a quorum in
attendance, or that the debate should cease altoge-
ther. If there was to be no quorum, he would
call on every gentlemen to say for what purpose
was this debate continued1? If the speeches were
not intended to influence the votes of members, but
were made to the country, why not at once go home
to the people? If they were not made to affect the
votes here, for what purpose did gentleman remain?
It might be the fault of his early education; but
from his youth, he bad always understood that the
object of discussion was to influence the minds ef
those who had to decide upon a question on which
an issue was made.
If gentlemen did not hope to influence the minds
of those who had to decide upon this measure, it
would be far better to take the question at once,
and go home. So far as he was concerned, from
his experience during the past week, he was ready
to vote without any further delay; for he was per-
fectly convinced ii his own mind that any thing
which might be said would not influence any gen-
tleman «pon the floor. It was evident that their
minds were already made up. If any one doubted
that fact, and would rise in his place and say that
the mind of but a single member was opea te con-
viction, he would be willing to stay here until the
last day of his life, rather than the subject should
not be fairly discussed. But, if no one would rise
and say his mind was open to conviction, then be
prayed gentlemen to decide io what purpose was
the argument continued here. For himself, he
was ready to go home, and do what he never did,
and what no man from his own State had ever
done, which was, to go home, and appeal from the
House to the good sense of the people of his State.
Yes, he wa* ready to go thtre, and offer his argu-
ment, impressed, as he was, with the propriety,
under such circumstances, of discontinuing all fur-
ther debate, when the minds of those who had to
decide ihe question were already made up. He
wished it to be distinctly understood, (hat, from that
time forth, he would not consent to the debate go-
ing on, unless there should be a quorum. With
all due humility, as far as he was personally con-
cerned, he had considered it his duty thu* to enter
his protest against the present course of proceed-
