"T*
ings, and to object to a question being argued, u .-
less there was a quorum present to hear that argu-
ment.
The yeas and nays then being ordered on the
motion tor a call of the House, were taken, and
resulted—yeas 63, nays 55. So the call was or-
dered, and proc-eded in until 141 members an-
swered to their nam«s.
A quorum now being present, a motion to sus-
pend all further proceedings in the call prevailed.
The House then went again into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Banks,) and resumed the conside-
ration of the
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
No member claiming the floor, there was a ge-
neral cry of "question."
Mr. POPE then rose and intimated his wish to
address the committee, tut not being prepared
with his books and papers he wished to use, he
was willing to waive his right to any other gentle-
ran, should the commute not be disponed to rise.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the committee rise.
This motion was negatived—ayes 68, noes 69.
Mr. BURKE of Mew Hampshire then took the
flw, and at some length advocated the bill, and
set forth in a lucid manner its great superiority
over the favorite measure of the Opposition.
Mr. POPE then renewed the motion that the
committee rise; which motion prevailing, the com-
mit'es thereupon rose.
Mr. LINCOLN, by leave, presented, on behalf
of his absent col «ague, Mr. Abbot Lawrence
two petitions—one trom Mary Davenport, for a
pension; the other from the executors of Wm.
Gray, praying for a liquidation of certain claims
for the account of French spoliations, &c, which
were appropriately refetred.
And tnen the House adjourned.
IN SENATE, -
Monday, June 15, 1840.
Tee PRESIDENT communicated a report from
the Secretary of the Nany, in answer to the resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 18th March last, in rela-
tion to the construction ot steam ships; which was
laid on the table.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a petition from certain
citizens of Ohio, contractors for carrying the United
Stales mail, praying for some allowance for extra
services; referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Merrick
on Saturday Uu>t, in relation to ihe improvement
of Pennsylvania avenue, was considered and
agreed to.
On motion by Mr. YOUNG, leave was granted
to Edward D. Tippett to withdraw his petition and
papers.
The following bills were severally read the third
time and passed:
Th« bill for the relief of Reynold Coates, Walter
R. Johnson, and Will am B. McMuririe;
The bill to authorize Charles L. Fleischman to
lake out a patent;
The bill lor the relief of William P. Rathbone;
and
The bill to provide for the organization of a
company of sappers, miners, and ponton iers.
Mr. LINN, from (he Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which bad been referred the bill
fiom the House for the relief of Chilton Allen, and
others, reported the same unfavorably, without
amendment.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama addressed the Smate as
follows : Mr. President, I feel it my duty to cor-
rect a statement which I find in the National In-
telligencer of this morning, as to the motion made
by me on Saturday evening, to print 20,000 copies
of the report of the Secretary of War, for the re-
organization and discipline of the militia. The
paragraph to which 1 refer is in the following
words:
"It was near six o'clock, when  Mr.  Clay  of
Alabama said he was willing to  move  for  th
printing of 20,00  copies of the report of the S*
cretary with the other documents, and did make
that motion, when there were cries of 'adjourn,
adjourn!'
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' And on motion of Mr. Sevier, ihe Senate ad-
journed."
Now this statement is untrue, and of course un-
fair, in several partículas:
.   1  It was near six o'clock when I made the mo-
tion; but it was made   at the  earhest  practicable
moment after the mofon to pun-  20,000 copies «f
•he report ot the Committee on the Militia was de-
cided, which was in strict conformity with the in-
timation of my purpose tt> do so, ihrown out in the
previous debate.      1  suffered no  time  to elapse
after the motion to  print  the  committee's report
I    was decided.    I did not wait purposely  (as  might
i    be inferred from the Intelligencer) till the moment
!   for adjournment arrived.
|       2. 1 said nothing about my willingness to make
]   the motion; but moved directly, and  distinctly, to
1   print, for public information, the plan of Mr. Poin-
i   sett, with the plans proposed by Gen. Knox 'and
|   Gen. Harrison, in their respective reports.
i       3. The Senate did not adjourn on the motion of
my friend, the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Se-
vier;] he expressed his willingness to vote for my
motion, if the Opposition desiied them printed; but
they adjourned on the mo i>n of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. TDavis;] which motion was
made while my motion wab pending, and undeter-
mined.
i      And I will now add, that my motion to print
the  extraordinary cumber of the   several plans
'[ mentioned for the organization and discipline of
the militia, was not a mere ruse, but was made in
good faith, to give light to the public; and if the
gentlemen on the other  side will call up that mo-
tion, I will still vote for it.
I have felt 1 ss inclinf d to ascribe these errors to
I    accident, on account of another misstatement of
j    the Intelligencer, which has appeared daily, at the
'   head of our proceedings upon Mr.  Poinsett's le-
i    port.    That paragraph is  in the following words:
"Tne Seaate  resumed  the consideration of the
motion to  print 20,000 copies of the report of the
Committee on the Mili ia on Mr. Poinseti's project
for a standing army of 100,000 militia.
Now, sir, Mr. Poinaeit has submitted no "plan
for a standing army of 100,000 militia." His plan
purports to be one for the reorganization and discipline
of the militia. I understand Reporters are admit-
ted here to give a transcript of our proceedings—,
that is, a statement of facts, and not their construc-
tion or inferences. We are sufficiently libeled afid
slandered by letter writers. I am at least unwilfing
to tolerate it in Reporters.                          \t
THE DISTRICT BANKS. If
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the bill lr/incor-
porate the several banks of the District of Colum-
bia, was taken up, the question being on the
amendment offered by Mr. Tappan to continue ihe
charters for two years, for the sole purpose of en-
abling the banks to wind up their affairs.
Mr. MERRICK said, it was not now his inten-
tion to press the original bill. His sole object was
to take up the amendment, and propose such
amendments and modifications to it as might be
deemed necessary. The Senate would perceive
that the object of his amendment was to extend the
charters ot these banks till the 4th of July, 1842,
unless Congress should think proper, in the mean
time, to abolish them. The object of the amend-
ment o( the Senator from Ohio was only to extend
their charters, so as to allow them to collect their
existing debts. Now he would mention one
fact to th" Senate. They could not, in the ordi-
nary course of law, collect the debts due them by
the 4th of July, 1842, because a suit at law must
go through three sessions of the court, and these
sessions are sir months apait. Besides, he thought
it would be onerous, oppressive, and illiberal to re-
quire the banks to proceed at once to the collection
of their debts by suit at law. He would further
remark that there was due to these banks, from the
people of this District, upwards of two and a half
millions of dollars, a sum too large to be co'lecied
in so short a t roe, without cau .ing great distress
to* the community.
Mr. GRÜNDV inquired of the chairman of the
csmmntee if the bill contained the same restric-
tions as were imposed by the bill passsd two years
463
1 ago to extend the charters of these banks up to
this time?
Mr. MERRICK said he believed it did4 with
one or  two exceptions, not now deemed neces-
sary.
Mr. GRUNDY said he was averse to leaving
¡  these banks  in  a continued state of suspension.
|  He wanfd to put them in the same condition that
I  they were put two years ago.    He hoped the Sena-
| tor from Maryland would conform, as far as possi-
ble, to he provisions of the bill passed two years
jgo.
Mr. MERRICK expressed his readiness to make
the necessary amendments, and offered the follow-
ing:
"So far as to enable said banks to sue and be
sued on any contract now existing," and insert m
Leu thereof, "eighteen hundred and forty-two, un-
less Congress shall otherwise order and direct."
And also inserting a proviso that the banks shall
resume specie payments whenever the banks in
Virginia and Maryland f hall resume.
Mr. M. said that this proviso was inserted m the
act of 1838, which extended the charters of these
banks to this time.
j Mr. KING suggested to ihe Senator from Ma-
ryland, [Mr. Merrick^ the propriety of striking
out the proviso, which seems to authorize the sus-
pension of specie payments by the banks of this
District, until those of Virginia and Maryland
should resume.   Tis true, such a proviso was con-
,   tained in the resolution adopted  two years past,
|   which was offered by the Senator from Missouri,
I [Mr. Benton,] for the extension of these very
banks, then in a state of suspension. He consider-
ed it wrong then, and no less so now. For one, he
j would not consent, by any legislation, to give a
sanction to the suspension of specie payments by
the banks of this District, nor would he, in any
i shape or form, release them from their obligations
to th* people. They are now subject to sun, oa a
failure to pay their notes on presentation.   Every
¡   holder may, if he chooses, recover the amount hrid
i by him, with damages. This right he would not,
in the slightest degree, impair. Mr. K. said he
should vote for the proposed extension, believing,
as  he did, that it was essential  to Ihe pieservation
i of the interests of the people of the District; but in
doing so, he must have the banks subject to all Ihe
restrictions and liabilities imposed upon them by
their charters.
Mr. MERRICK then withdrew the proviso.
Mr. ALLEN wished to inquire of the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Merrick] whether these
banks complied with all the conditions of the act of
1838, by which their charters were extended.
Mr. MERRICK said that, so far as he was ad-
vised, they did. *
Mr. ALLEN. Are they paying specie now?
Mr. MERRICK said they were not. They sus-
pended from causes not within their own control.
When he answered the gentleman's inquiry whe-
ther the banks had complied with the conditions of
their charters, he did not know that he had specie
payments in view.
Mr. ALLEN said that it was a matter of noto-
riety that th«se banks did not exist. They had no
legal existence whatever. They had not complied
with the conditions by which their charters were
extended, one of which was that they should com-
mence and continue the payment of specie for
their notes, on demand.   They did not pay specie,
i and every body knew it. It should be known that
they existed by usurpation, and here was an at-
tempt to legalize this usurpation. He wanted the
whole of the facts to be spread before the country.
Who, he asked, had petitioned for the extension of
these charters, and how many had signed these pe-
titions? These banks had teen standing out noto-
riously in violation of the Jaw, and by the inflic-
1 tion of the deepest injuries on the community, had
violated the law, and defied the power of Congress,
witbn the sweep of its flag; and now it was asked,
at the end of the session, without their being any
particular information before th?m as to the state
ot these institutions, to grant them more charters,
or, in other words, sanction their violation ana" de-
fiance of the laws of the land.     H« wanttd to see
¡   something of the condition  of these institutions,
