466
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If I had known that any such practice existed here
as that spoken of by the Senator from Missouri, I
would myself have offered this amendment if he
bad not done it.
Mr. SOUTHARD could see no more impropri-
ety of a bank taking advantage of existing laws,
than of a* individual doing so. If we passed this
amendment, its operation would be unequal, and
would make one law for the banks and another
or individuals. Besides, what evidence had we of
the fact that the banks took advantage of these
stay laws? He did not believe there was any stay
of execution in the District at the instance of the
debtor, and he demanded the proof. He would
not take the allegation of A B, or C D, that such
and such things were matters of fact. It was not
the kind or character of information that we, as le-
gislators, should act upon.
Mr. BUCHANAN expressed his astonishment
at the principle which had been contended for by
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Southard.] He
thought that after a little reflection that gentleman
would himself abandon this principle, well ac-
quainted as he was with the subject of banking.
What was his position? That it would be unjust to
refuse to the banks the same stay of execution, af-
ter judgments had been been obtained against
them, which was granted to individuals. Is there
net, said Mr. B. the most striking reason for such
a discrimination? Is there not a vast difference be-
tween the two cases?
To the banks we have granted the privilege of
issuing and circulating a paper currency. Bank
notes always are, or at least always ought to be,
payable on demand; and under our present banking
system are, every where in this country, a substi-
tute for money. These notes circulate upon the
faith that they shall at all times be convertible into
gold and silver. It is true that this faith has been
often violated, and will continue to be violated,
unless the States shall radically reform their banking
institutions. The principle, however, remains the
same. A poor man, then, has received a ten or a
twenty dollar note as money, in compensation for
his labor, and goes to the counter of the bank and
asks that it shall be redeemed in gold and silver.
The bank • refases to comply with its promise, and
the holder of the note is put to the trouble and ex-
pense of instituting a suit against it, and obtaining
a judgment. Would it not he the mosi monstrous
injustice to allow this bank to avail itself of the or-
dinary privileges granted to individuals, of staying
execution for three or six months? He thought he
might venture to assert, without positive knowledge,
that there was not a single State in the Union where
such a privilege was extended to banks. Certainly
it ought not to exist any where.
The case was wholly different in regard to judg-
ments obtained by one individual against another,
or by banks against individuals, to enforce private
contracts. In such cases these contracts were vo-
luntary, and each party derived, or thought he de-
rived, a benefit from them, and the evidence of debt
was not a paper currency. But bank notes circu-
lated in the community as money, and every per-
son by the force of circumstances was compelled
to accept them as money. It was a great and pro-
fitable privilege conferred upon the 6anks to be
permitted to issue them; and this was granted upon
the express condition that they should always be
redeemed in specie. Under such circumstances,
after the banks have refused to redeem their notes
according to their contract, and have compelled
the holders to institute suits and obtain judgments,
it would be a most unjust and extraordinary pri-
vilege to grant them a stay of execution.
This bill proposes to continue these banks for
two years, unless Congress shall, in the mean time,
otherwise direct.   Even during this limited period,
we wisely reserve to   ourselves the power of blot-
ting them out of existence at any moment.   The
bill is a measure of necessity, not of choice.   For
my own part, I have often expressed the opinion
that these six small banks ought never to be re-
chartered within this District of only ten miles
square.   They have no field for circulation, and
no   deposites sufficient to enable each of them to
realize a  fair profit on their capital, and at the
same time keep themselves in a sound condition.
We ought to establish one respectable bank here,
with branches in Alexandria and Georgetown,
and subject it to all the restrictions which our
fatal experience on the subject has manifested
to be absolutely necessary. It is admitted, how-
ever, on all hands that Congress have not
time, at the present session, to mature and
pass such a bill; and if they had, it is a most
unpropilious period to create such a bank. The
only alternative then left, is eiiher to continue the
existence of these little banks for a short period, or
to destroy them at once, and subject their debtors
to the immediate pressure which this course
would render necessary. I prefer to continue them
under an express understanding, so far as 1 am
concerned, that they shall never exist, under any
circumstances, one day beyond the 4th July, 1842.
I intend to move an amendment to this effect. This
is but a mere temporary expedient, in order to
give us time to establish a new bank, on wiser
and better principles, without oppressing the debt-
ors of these institutions.
I am influenced in adopting this course by the
consideration that th« surrounding States of Mary-
land and Virginia, of which this District formed a
part, and with whom it is intimately connected in
all transactions of business, have not thought pro-
per to forfeit the charters oi their banks, because
of their suspension of specie payments. In acting
with a spirit of forbearance towards the District
banks, I should not in any degree legalize their
suspension. This bill proposes to do no such thing.
It leaves them in this respect ju t where it found
them, liable to be sued for specie at any moment
by their note holders and depositors, and subject to
the payment of twelve per cent, interest. But it
would, to a considerable dfgree, be legalizing this
suspension, if we were to permit the banks, alter a
judgment obtained against them, to take the benefit
of a stay of execution. During th's period of the
stay, they could, under the existing law, place
their creditors at defiance. We now propose to
deprive them of this extiavagant privilege; and so
firmly am I convicted of its injustice, that for onu
I shall vote against the bill and leave these banks
to their fate, unless the amendment shall be adopted.
Until this day, I had never been informed, that
under the laws of the District, the banks were
entitled to the same stay of execution with indivi-
duals.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana concurred in the senti-
ment of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Missouri, but he thought that the Judiciary
Committee had done all that was necessary on this
subject, and there was a bill now on the calendar,
which provided for the necessary remedy for the
evil.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut said that the bill
could not be amended or presented in such shape as
tofmeet his approbation, while he entertained the
opinion that the Constitution does not invest Con-
gress, as a local Legislature, with the power to grant
a bank charter to any company, either in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or in any of the States of the
Union. If Congress had power to establish a bank
in the States, then, in his opinion, it would have
the power to grant charters, and establish banks in
the District without any reference to its powers as a
local Legislature. The friends of this bill, I pre-
sume rely upon the power given to Con-
gress, '* to exercise exclusive legislation in
all cases whatsoever, over the District." To fur-
nish a general currency, isa business of the nation;
it is an attribute of sovereignty. The Constitu-
tion has vested this power in Congress; and when
we turn to the Constitution for our guide, we find
that Congress is empowered "to coin money, regu-
late the valui thereof, and of foreign coin." This
is the only currency known to our Constitution,
unless Congress has power, in virtue of its
local character, when legislating for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to establish another cur-
rency, varying entirely in all its essential cha-
racteristic!, from the general currency of the
nation, which Congress is authorized and empow-
ered to establish as a national currency, which I
am not prepared to believe was ever intended. If
we look further into the Constitution, we shall find
. provision made for guarding the currency against
counterfeiting it; and which provides only for the
current coin of the United States. It will, there-
fore, be seen that no provision is made to guard a
paper currency against debasement; and it is rea-
sonable to conclude, from this important omission,
that no such currency was contemplated when the
Constitution was framed. The general currency
recognised in the Constitution can be circulated
freely throughout the whole Union, and answer the
purposes of the people as well in one pait as ano-
ther, while that to be emitted by a bank established
in the District of Columbia, by authority of Con-
gress, as a local Legislature, legislating only for
the District, is circumscribed to the limits of the
District, if the States into which it may otherwise,
like other bank bills, circulate, shall think proper
to prohibit it. The States were deprived of the
power to emit bills of credit, or make any thing
but gold and silver a tender in payment of debts,
I may differ in my view of this subject with every
other Senator; but I cannot come to any other con-
clusion than this, that Congress wa¿ empowered to
"coin money, regulate the value thereof, and v "
foreign coin." Whatever capacity it mi0ht act in,
be it general or local, it could not have been in-
tended that while it was acting as a National Le-
gislature, it should create one kind of cnrrency,
and when acting as a local Legislature for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, it hhould create another kind o'
currency, differing from the other so widely as coin
and promissory notes differ with each other.
It is .«.aid by the honorable Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Southard] that, it the amendment
prevails, the corporation will not have equal rights
with individuali; that while individuals, under the
law of the District, can have a stay of execution for
six months, after judgment rendered against them
tor a debt, the corporations will b¿ deprived of
that right and privilege, which may be very valua-
ble to Ihe corporation. He did not intend that
corporations should be placed on an equal footing
with individuals in regard to the payment of their
debts. He had before observed that the power
to create a national currency belonged to
the national sovereignty; that if this power
was abstracted from the political power of
the people or the nation, and conferred upon
individuals, that these individuals were bound to
furnish for the people a circulating medium or cur-
rency perfectly sound, and equal to that which that
power given to them, if retained by the sovereign,
would enable it to furnish. It ought to be such a
currency as would circulate freely and untrammel-
ed by any laws made for the benefit of the corpo-
ration, to the injury of those who had taken and
confided in it, as a sound national currency. And
although he expected to vote against the bill, what-
ever shape or form may be given to it, if the char-
ter must be granted, he was desirous of having the
public have the benefit of it, for whose benefit it is
professed to be granted. He was unable to see
the necessity, if Congress has the power, of grant-
ing so many binks, and creating so much banking
capital in this small District, only ten miles square.
One single house in a commercial city, will proba-
bly do as much business, and require a^ much ca-
pital, as all the mercantile business done in this
city. He had long entertained the opinion, that
either the banking system of this country, or the in-
stitutions and Government of our country, have yet
to undergo a great change; that b^th cannot exist
together, and both maintain their present character.
The ques.ion was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to—ayes 29, noes 11, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Erown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Clayton, Fulton,
Grundy, Henderson, Hubbard, King, Linn, Mon-
tón, Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Robinson,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Wall, Williams, Wright, and
Young—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Dixon,
Merrick, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Ruggles, Smith
of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, and White—11.
Mr. BUCHANAN then moved to insert, " For
the purpose of winding up their affairs."
Mr. ALLEN rose, he said, to ask the Senator
from Pennsylvania what effect he intended this
