CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
amendment, if adopted, to produce? Does he in-
tend to restrict the banks to the settlement of their
business already begun? or does he intend, notwith-
standing this amendment, that ihey may proceed, as
formerly, wiih all the business of banking, as if
this amendment did not exist?
Mr. BÜCHHANAN said be did not intend at
once to arrestall banking operations in this District,
under the peculiar circumstances in which it was
placed, without providing any substitute for the ex-
isting banks; but it was his fixed purpose never to
vote for any further extension of their banking
privileges beyond the two years. He desired,
therefore, to express this clear intention upon the
face of the bill, so that the banks might have fair
notice of the purpose of Congress, and proceed in
such a manner as they thought proper to wind up
their affairs within the limited period.
Mr. ALLEN rejoined. Then the amendment
amounts to nothing, as it docs not restrict the banks,
and cannot restrict a future Congress. It is, there-
fore, worse than useless, for its effect will be to de-
'4nde the country, inasmuch as the amendment pro-
fesses to restrict the banks to "the purpose of
winding-up, but not to restrict their action to that
object; but on the contrary, instead of winding up,
they are to be at liberty to wind out their business
still further than it is now—so that at the end of
") the two years, their claim to still further time to
"wind up," will be increased in exact proportion to
the increase of their business, under the present
bill, authorizing them to wind up. I say, there-
fore, that the effect of this amendment is to mis-
lead the people as to the true character of tais bill,
which, whether the amendment be adopted or not,
is simply a bill to recharter non-specie paying bro-
ken banks, without requiring them even to pay
their notes—(he first bill 1 believe of the sort that
ever, in the history of the world, received the sanc-
tion-of a legislative body.
The amendment was lost—ayes 17, noes 17.
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading, and it was
agreed to—ayes 27, noes 15, as follows:
YEAS!—Messrs. Anderson, Brown, Buchanan,
Clay of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Da-
vis, Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, Henderson, Hunting-
ton, King, Merrick, Nicholas, Phelps, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Sevier, Smith of Indi-
ana, Southard, Strange, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, and
Young—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Hub-
bard, Linn, Mouton, Norvell, Pierce, Robinson,
Smith of Connecticut, Tappan, Walker, Wall,
Williams, and Wr ght—15.
The following is the bill as ordered to be en-
grossed:
"An act to continue the corporate existence of
the banks ef the District for two years, with certain
restrictions."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives of the United States of America in Congress
, assembled, That the charters of the Farmers' and
' Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown, the Bank of the
Metropolis, Patriotic Bank of Washington, and
Bank of Washington, in the city of Washington,
and the Farmers' Bank of Alexandria, and Bank
of Potomac, in the town of Alexandria, be, and the
same are hereby, extended to the 4th day of July,
1842, unless Congress shall in the mean time other-
wise order and direct, upon condition that neither
of said banks shall issue and pay out the notes of
any other bank, banker, or banking institution, or
corporation, which is in a state of suspension or
non-payment of its liabilities in specie; and upon
the further condition that the said banks, nor either
of them, shall take a stay of execution on any
judgment recovered against them in any case
whatever, nor appeal from such judgment, nor
take a certiorari thereon, except on an affidavit of
merit.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said, that, since
Congress could not legislate thoroughly at the
present sesssion, and place the banking system on a
stable and satisfactory footing, all that he thought
should be now done, was to continue the existing
charters for one or two years; and, in the inter-
veaing time, Congress could make a permanent
arrangement.   He was utterly opposed to treat-
ing the District and itsbanks as a subject for ex-
peri meat, and to throwing those little institutions
into a sort of crucible to discover the philoso-
phical or political phenomena which, when ex-
posed to that test, they might exhibit. He
thought such a course unworthy the legislation
of a great and magnanimous nation; and ^'ght
expose Congress to the imputation that, since it
could not reach the banks of the States, It would
exercise its vengeance on the banks of the District.
Mr. C. thought a temporary continuation of the
banks, without condition or restriction, is all that
should now be done. He had therefore voted
against the amendment which prohibited the
banks from paying out, after receiving, the notes
cf banks situated without the District. The
notes of the banks, at Richmond or Baltimore, are
quite as good as ¿3 notes of the District banks.
A'd the operation of such a prohibition will be
upon the debtors of the banks, and not upon the
banks themselves. Upon the debtors themselves it
will operate severely. For if th« banks are not
allowed to pay out, they will be sure not to re-
ceive the notes of distant banks.
He was also opposed to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bucha-
nan.] The amendment will accomplish, practi-
cally, nothing. It requires the banks to prepare, by
winding up their affairs, for a termination of their
charters, at the expiration of the period to which
they are to be prolonged; bat it makes no adequate
provision by which the banks will be compelled
to perform that duty. With respect to the object
at which the Senator pirns, that of establishing a
single bank for the District, to be placed in Wasii-
inton, with branches in the other two cities, Mr.
C. concurred entirely with him. According to his
(Mr. C's) observation, those banking systems
worked best in the several States, which consisted
of two or three large and respectable banks, with
branches conveniently located, instead of a multi-
tude of small banks having no necessary connec-
tion with each other. And whenever there was
definitive legislation upon the banking system of the
District, he hoped it would assume that form.
Mr. BUCHANAN had but a few words to say in
reply to the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.CLAT.]
He would add nothing to that which he had al-
ready said in favor of the amendment to prohibit
each one of these banks from paying out the notes
of any suspended bank except its own. He thought
it would prove to be a most wise restriction.
In regard to the amendment which ha had pro-
posed, declaring in express terms that the tempo-
rary continuance of these charters was for the pur-
pose of enabling them to wind up their concerns,
he had but one observation to make. He had ac-
complished the purpose which he had in view by
proposing the amendment. All doubt was thus
removed from his own course in relation to this
subject. He regretted that his amendment had
not prevailed, because it mght inspire the banks
with hopes which he believed never would be re-
alized. It is true that a future Congress might be
of a different opinion, and one Congress could not
bind another; but yet that was no good reason why
the present Congress should not express its own
determination by its own legislation.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama moved that the Senate
take up the resolution reported by the Committee
on the Militia, asking to be discharged from the
f urther consideration of the report of the Secretary of
War in relation to the reorganization and disciplin-
ing of the militia, and that the Senate concur
therein; which was agreed to—ayes 24, nays 4, as
follows:
Y EAS—Messrs. Allen, Andrson,Benton, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Fulton,
Grundy, Henderson, Hubbard, King, Linn, Mou-
ton, Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Robinson,
Smith of Indiana, Strange, Stnrgeon, Walker,
Wright, and Young—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Alabama, Davis, Dix-
on, and Preston—4.
The Senate then adjourned.
~   HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, June 15, 1840.
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved to suspend the
rules, and that the House resolve itself intoa  Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JAMES demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. WISE hoped his colleague would withdraw
his motion, to enable him to submit a resolution
for the adjournment of the present session on the
11th of July next.
Mr. JONES thought the proper course would be
to do the business of the country first, and then fix
the day of adjoarnment. He could not yield to the
suggestion.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, by yeas and nays, and agreed to
—yeas 87, nays 43.                                            %
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.  . \
The House then resolved itself into Committee ^
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Banks in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the Independent Treasury bill.
Mr. POPE, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the committee in opposition to the bill,
and in favor of a Bank of the United States. He
said he told his constituents that a Bank of the
United States alone could regulate the currency
and exchanges, When the question was before
Congress in 1811, he explained the subject, and
formed the opinion that they must have a paper
currency, either local or national. If the country
have a local currency, it must of necessity have
a regulator—and that regulator must be a National
Bank. He voted in 1811 for the Bank of the Uni-
ted States; and he had no reason to repent of his
vote on that occasion. He, however, thought,
that neither a Bank of the United States or a Sub-
Treasury should be passed at this session—he
thought the people should be left to decide upon it
in the present contest—that this contest should be
first decided. Mr. P. in speaking of the opinions
of General Harrison, said he would not veto a
Bank of the United States if it was the will oí the
people to have one—that he was opposed to all
internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment not strictly national or for necessary and
constitutional objects—that he was for a fair, just,
and liberal tariff. He continued his argument in
favor of a bank of the United States as a regulator
of the currency, as an antagonist one to the Inde-
pendent Treasury, which he 8*4 was insufficient,
*nd inadequate, to regulate the issues ot the banks
of the States. He begged the Whigs not to be
afraid to meet the question boldly, and contended
that the issue would be between art Independent
Treasury bank under the control of #* Execu-
tive, and a Bank of the United States.
The House took a- recess at 2i o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. POPE resumed and concluded his remarks
in opposition to the bill.
Mr. BLACK then took the floor in support of
the bill. In common with other gentlemen, he had
no hope of influencing, the minds of any opponent
of the bill, but his remarks were designed for his
constituents, the people of Georgia. He congra-
tulated the House and the country that this mea-
sure had for once been brought to a direct issue
before the people. As had been stated by a gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cushing,] this
was definitely the measure of the Administration,
and it was on that measure that he grounded bis
support of the Administration. He then showed
it was evident that a National Bank was the an-
tagonistical scheme of the Opposition. So here
was a palpable and distinct issue—the Indepen-
dent Treasury bill on the one hand, and a Nation-
al Bank on the other. Mr. B. went on to prove
that with a few exceptions the great Whig party
was a Bank party. That, then, was the true issue,
and under those two flags was the battle to be
fought. For his part, he gloried in the declaration
that he should go inte that war under the banner
of the Independent Treasury, and in doing so he
would be supported with the consciousness that
this measure was in accordance with the Consti-
-tution, while the measure of the Opposition was
liable to the double objection of being unconstitu-
tional and inexpedient.
Mr. B. then went on to show that his own course
in this matter was the same as that taken by the
