4*70
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
torn ot Government. Was there any man, he
r.sl<e<l, who would hesitate in his choice of the two
bills1 If gentlemen could vote for a bill like that
of Mr. Gordon, surely they could have no hesita-
jon in supporting the present measure, when the
which will be given when his speech shall be writ-
ten out in full._____
Mr. CROCKETT next obtained the floor, and
made some remarks in relation to the resolutions of
the Legislature of Tennessee, requesting him to vote
for the Independent Treasury bill. He denied the
right of the present Legislature to instruct him, for
reasons which he gave at length. He then exa-
mined the Independent Treasury bill, and opposed it
with much warmth. He considered it a most odi-
ous measure. la the course of his remarks he
avowed it as his object to endeavor to get a United
States Bank chartered, without regard as to what
the opinions of his party were. A National Bank
was the only measure that could succeed as a fiscal
agent of the Government. He was no advocate
for State banks, and never had. been, though he
did not wish to do any thing to their injury. He
argued that it was the duty of the National Go-
vernment to establish a currency of uniform value
■wheru ver it circulates, and did not believe the mea-
sure before the House adequate to that; and before
Mr. C. concluded,
The House took its usual recess, at 2J o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. CROCKETT concluded his remarks in op-
position to the bill; when
Mr. BELL obtained the floor, and spoke with
much warmth against the efforts of the Adminis-
tration party to pass the bill, to the exclusion of
other bills. He then urged many reasons why the
bill should not pass, and, before concluding, at a
quarter past seven o'clock, Mr. B. gave way to a
motion that the committee rise, which motion be-
ing put, jt was discovered there was not a quorum.
The committee then rose, and the Chairman re-
ported that fact to the House.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS moved to adjourn;
which motion resulted in yeas 55, nays 55. The
Speaker gave the casting vote by voting in the af-
firmative.
So at half past seven o'clock,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, June 17, 1840.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented & petition from He-
zekiah L. Thistle, stating that he has invented a
mode of constructing wrought iron cannon, that
has received the approbation of scientific persons,
and desires the Government to have the benefit of
the improvement; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. LINN, the bill supplementa-
ry to an act, entitled "An act to amend an act for
the appointment of commissioners to adjust the
claims to reservations of land under the 14th arti-
cle of the treaty of 1830, with the Choctaw In-
dians," was taken up, and, after several amend-
ments had been offered by Mr. L. and adopted, it
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill concerning tonnage of Spanish ves-
sels; which was read, and ordered to a second read-
ing.                             /
Mr. CLAY of Alabama rose, and was proceed-
ing to censure the N*ional Intelligencer of to-day
for the omssion of tie latter portion of his expla-
nation andl remonstrance in regard to the intelli-
gencer's repbrt of thi proceedings on Mr. Poinsett's
Is informed that the omission
bried, and certainly accidental,
i)be Reporter, to whom alone he
i no Reporter of the Intelli-
sickness, was piesent.
Mr. C. thetv/ead the residue of his explanation,
■which was as follows:
"I have felt less inclined to ascribe these errors
to accident, on account of another misstatement of
the Intelligencer, which has appeared daily at the
head of our proceedings upon Mr. Poinsett's re-
port.   That paragraph is in the following words:
project, whfenhe
was caused ' by a
oversight of the
banded his njptes
gencer, owing tOj
GJ
" 'The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion to print 20,000 copies of the report of the
Committee on the Militia on Mr. Poinsett's project
for a standing army of 100.000 militia.'
" Now, sir, (said Mr. C.) Mr. Poinsett has sub-
mitted no ' plan for a standing army of 100,000 mi-
litia.' His plan purports to be one for the reorgani-
zation and discipline of the militia. I understand
Reporters are admitted here to give a transcript ol
our proceeding ; that is, a statement of facts, and
not their construction or inferences. We are suffi-
ciently libelUd and slandered by letter writers. I am
at least unwilling to tolerate it in Reporters."
Mr. ALLEN said that he had thought, for some
time past, that he would, when occasion offered,
make one or two remarks on this subject; and
what he was now about to say, he hoped, would be
particularly and correctly reported. Upon the
subject of reports of debates, this, as far as he was
concerned, seemed to be an appropriate occasion
for the remarks he designed to offer. For any
thing that appeared in the public papers, purport-
ing to be his remarks, he would not stand responsi-
ble, if it did not appear in the first perion. He
took that to be the mode in which a correct report
of a speaker's remarks should be given. With re-
gard to the correctness of the reports, it was per-
haps exceedingly difficult for any man to report ex-
actly what was said; and in a running debate, ii
was perhaps still more difficult. Some allowance
was therefore to be made for those inaccuracies
which occurred in the reports, without any inten-
tion on the part of the Reporters to misrepresent.
But they all know, that, in addition to these diffi-
culties, reports were sometimes sent out from this
body in which plain and palpable injustice was
done. Therefore, to avoid any future difficulty,
so far as he was conceraed, he gave notice that
he would not hold himself responsible for any re-
ports of what he might say, unless reported in the
first person, which would show that they had
been revised and corrected by himself.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he could not al-
low this occasion to pass without expressing his
dissent to any Senator's rising in his place for the
purpose of commenting on any newspaper article
in relation to himself. Mr. C had never done so,
and he did not think it consisttnt with that dignity
and elevation to whieh the Senate ought to aspire.
And, if it were done in all cases, the Senate
could do scarcely any thing else, for, Mr. C. said,
he did not think he ever saw a single paragraph
in the Globe in which he was correctly report-
ed. For every one misrepresentation on his side,
he believed there were ten on the other. Yet
he had never commented on those reports in his
place, but left his character to stand or fall by
his acts. And suppose the Senate should appoint
their own reporters, they would be appointed by
a party majority, which would increase instead
of correcting the evil.
Though it was true that the Reporter had no
right to put language in the mouth of any Sena-
tor that he did not use, yet he had a right to draw
his own inferences, and to expose, in his own lan-
guage, the tendency of any measures that he
thonght injurious to the interests of the country.
This was one of the inestimable privileges of a
free press, which, though liable to be abused,
could not be interfered with without great danger.
One side might say that such a measure had such
a tendency; for instance, that the Sub-Treasury
bill was a Government bank, (his deliberate opi-
nion was that it was a Government bank.) Well,
sir, said Mr. C. is he to be held responsible for so
expressing himself?
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said that he had a word
or two to say in reply to the honorable Senator,
who had thought proper to reflect on him, and to
read him a lecture on the dignity and propriety of
a member of that body. The Senator would be
good enough to recollect that he had no right to di-
rect him in the course he should pursue in this or
any other matter. He did not come here to be lec-
tured by the honorable Senator in reference to
what was due to dignity and decorum by a mem-
ber of this body. He felt it to be his duty and his
right to rise in his place and correct the false state-
ments made in the press whose side the Senator
¡i
espoused—palpable misrepresentations! gross mis-
representations! Was it not right and proper, when
an individual came here in the character of a re-
porter of proceedings, and professed to give facts
for the information of the public, if he did it false-
ly, insidiously, ani fraudulently—was it not right
for any member aggrieved to expose it? It is both
our tight and our duty, said Mr. C. and it will not
do for the Senator from Kentucky to talk about the
privileges of a free press, and to comment on the
dignity and propriety which should stand in the
way of an exposure of falsehood and misrepre-
sentation. The reporter of proceedings pro-
fesses tn give the facts that transpire in
th's body, but he is not admitted here to give his *
own comment's on them. The Editor of the paper
he reports for might say editorially what he
pleased, (and the Editor of this paper, it was well
known, very freely availed himself of his privi-
leges on this subject,) but the Reporter had no right
to makehis own comments appear as part of the
proceedings of this body. He wished particulaily
to draw this distinction, so that when a debate went
forth, the public might distinguish between the
commentary and the facts. He did not interfere
with those inestimable privileges of a free press,
of which the Senator spoke. The complaint that
he made had no reference whatever to the privi-
leges of the press, for he could not regard those
who came here expressly to give a statement of
facts as included in that privilege. He knew how
easy it was for Editors of the public papers to be
misled by the press here, or by reports of what passes
here. He would mention one instance among ma-
ny others. When the bill to cede the public lands to
the States in which they lie, on certain terms
and conditions, was under discussion, the Senator
got up and solemnly declared that it was an abso-
lute proposition to give away the lands to the new
States; and consequently the Legislature of one of
the States passed resolutions against it as such. If
the Senator chose to characterize this measure, which
every one knew to be a sale, with certain conditions,
in such broad terms as an absolute gift, he could do
so; but he would mark the effect. It gave a tone
to the Opposition press throughout the country,
and, among its other effects, sanctioned the act of
the Rhode Island Legislature. Was it for the Se-
nator from Kentucky to rise in his place and un-
dertake to defend the privilege of Reporters to mis-
represent the words and actions of members of this
body? The Senator might, if he thought proper,
take this course; he [Mr. C] would, for his part,
follow the dictates of his own judgment.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky assured the Senator
from Alabama that he rose for no purpose of dic-
tating to him or lecturing him. He engaged in no
such business. But was he not a pait of this body?
And if any person thought proper to bring forward
any matter for animadversion in it, had he not a
right to get up and express the opinion he did, that
the Senate was not a fit and proper place for such
correction to be made? It was not upon the conduct
of the Senator; it was not to advise him that he
rose; but it was to express his opinion of the prac-
tice of members rising here, and consuming the
time of the Senate in correcting the errors
of a free press. But the Senate had
chosen to give instances of what he called misre-
presentation, and referring to the bill to cede away
the public domain, said that he [Mr. C] charac-
terized it as an absolute donation. He now [Mr.
C. said] so characterized it. He knew that there
were terms and conditions in the bill, and knew
that the effect of them in the end would amsunt to
an absolute donation. Mr. C. here referred to the
terms and conditions in the bill—and one of them,
he said, the payment of one half the gross proceeds
of the sales, would never be carried into effect, for
the States would be, for one cause or another, able
to induce Congress to relinquish it. He might be
mistaken, but such were his convictions. Though
in the beginning it would appear to be a contract,
yet in the end it would turn out to be a donation.
This opinion he expressed several years ago; and
was he to be censured because the Legislature of
Rhode Island came to the same conclusion?
Mr. CLAY of Alabama observed that if the Se-
nator from Kentucky, when he made the broad,
