unqualified declaration that the bill to which he
referred was an absolute donation to the new
States of all the unsold public lands in their limits,
had accompanied it with the qualification  that he
now made, it would hare bren better, si far a* the
public informaiiou was concerned.     He, Mr. C.
only stated the fact to show the privilege assumed
on the other side of saying what they pleased. The
Senator spoke of his right, as a member of the
body, to comment on any subject that was brought
before it.   Now he [Mr. C] did not bring forward
this matter for any legislative action, nor was the
Senator in any way called on to interfere.     Had
he any particular connection with the business?
He affected to feel great delicacy with regard to
matters which did  not particularly concern him.
Had he forgotten that he undertook to rise in his
place, when two of the Senators were presenting
the resolutions passed by their Legislature, and in-
timate to them what ought to be their course on
that occasion?   Was that consistent with the Se-
nator's ideas of delicacy?   He courted no collisions
of this kind, Mr. C. said, but he would repeat nnw
what he had said on a foimer occasion, tint when
assaults of this kind were made on him, he srould
always feel it to be his duty to repel them.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he could only re-
peat that, if any Senator chose to bring any matter
before that body, he would take such notice of it
as he thought proper. As to the case which the
honorable Senator noticed of his having spoken of
the instructions received by two honorable Senator?,
he had no recollection of it, but he would remind
the Senate that Senators on his side had again and
again been taunted and reprehended for non-com-
pliance with their instructions.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said thai he would not
contend for the last word.
Mr. CLAF of Kentucky. Well, you have got
the last word.
Mr. LINN  observed that he did  not rise to
make any complaints against the Reporters on ei:her
side of the house, but  to say that the discussion
going on proved conclusively, to his mind, that the
Reporters should be sworn officers of the Senate,
and compelled to furnish each member notes of
what he said.   Our .constituents, said Mr. L. have
a right to know what we say, as well as what we
do.   The journal showed all their votes, but what
was said in support or explanaron of them, went j
to the public in a very imperfect manner.    He  !|
thought that the body would see the propriety of   j
his suggestion.   If this plan was adopted, each   i
member would have notes furnished him, and then   j
the responsibility would no longer rest on the Re-
porter, but where it should be, upon the speaker
or speakers.    It was very seldom he trespassed
upon the time or patience of the Senate except on
business, and then he endeavored .to use no more
words than were baie'y sufficient to explain to the
Senate.   But, notwithstanding he had, on several
occasions, been misrepresented, it was not his in-
tention, nor did ne wish to be understood as charging
the Reporters with intentionally misstating him; but
such was the fact. He would mention two instances.
In the debate  on the bankrupt bill, as published   j
meagrely in the Intelligencer, he was made to say   :
that he wished the Slates to surrender to the Gene-
ral Government, and to be exercised by it, all the
power they have to charter bankiDg institutions.
Such an idea never entered his mind.    On the con-
trary, his opinions were, that to purify and correct
the illegitimate career of banking on the part of
State institutions, two alternatives presented them-
selves.   One was makiug them subject to the ope-
ration of the bankrupt bill, or getting the States to
consent to an amendment of the Constitution of the
United Sta'es, expressly withholding or denying
the States the power of creating corporations with
the legal right to make paper dollars under 20, 50,
or f 100, as might be thought best.   He said at the
same time that all power over the subject should
be withheld from the General Government.   The
other instance is in the case of the bill to raise a
certain number of volunteers of a particular kind
to  prosecute   the   war   in   Florida   against the
Seminóles.   In   the   discussion,   he    had    re-
marked that, to bring the contest to a speedy
issue, you must have, a class of men used to
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the   rifle,   inured to  hardship, capable  of  sup-
porting great physical exertion and physical want,
whe, with a few days' provisions on their backs,
a pistol, knife, and tomahawk in their belts, could
plunge into a swamp, swim creeks, and sleep in
mud and water.   He further had remarked, that
such a force would track the Indians to their secret
hiding   places,    would    waylay    and   destroy
them when least expected, and that Indian wars !
would always terminate in a brief period, as soon  <
as the whites became as expert in their mode of j
warfare as they were themselves. Yet he was made ;
to say that Indians were as g od as white men.    He  I
knew the character of Indians well, and knew that ',
the worst white communities  were immeasurably   j
superior to the best Indian.    He repeated again,    j
that he did nol complain of wilful misrepresenta-
tion.   His back was sometimes to the Reporters,
and they wonld then probably hear   imperfectly.
At other times they only reported lor the political
side to which they were attached.   It was utterly  j Í
impossible to resist the belief that their reports
are not occasionally tinged with their own political
opinions.    Every difficulty would  be obviated by
the course indicated, and each member held respon-
sible for the sentiments, opinions, and facts stated
by him iu debate.   He said he would be glad if
seme member would move a resolution to appoint
a committee to inquire into the expediency of ma-
king Reporters sworn officers of the Senate.
Mr. WALKER said he had no complaints to
make agamst the Reporters on either side of the
House. But the idea suggested by the Senator
from Missouri induced him to offer the following
resolution for the consideration of the Senate:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed
to inquire into the propriety of selecting an equal
number of Reporters, of both political parties, who
shall be sworn to report correctly, as far as practi-
cable, the proceedings of this body.
On motion of Mr. SOUTHARD,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
communicate to the Senate a precise statement of
the revenaes actually received from -all sources,
between the end of the last fiscal year and the first |
day of the present month, so far as ascertained at
this time.
The bill authorizing the erection of certain light-
houses and light-boats, and  the establishment of
certain buoys, beacons, <fcc. was taken up, and
after some remarks from   Messrs. NORVELL, ,
KING, CALHOUN, and   HENDERSON, was   Í
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.              j ¡
The bill to authorize the accounting officers of
the Treasury to settle the accounts of Francis Ge- ¡ ■
han, lae Marshal -of the Territory of Wiskonsin, }•
was also ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. SOUTHARD moved to print a certain
pamphlet purporting to be an answer by the Di-
rectors of the Union Bank of Florida, to a report
made by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KING opposed the motion on the ground
that it was a paper that had never been before the
Senate, and did not form a part of its proceedings,
copies of it only having come there addressed to
individual members. It was not, he said, the prac-
tise of the Senate to print documents that had no
relation to its legislative action.                               ;
After some further remarks from Messrs. !
SOUTHARD and KING, themotion was negatived !
The Senate, on motion by Mr. DAVIS, pro- i
ceeded to consider the bill making further provi- j
sion to prevent the abuse of the flag of the United |
States, and the use of unauthorized papers, ia the j
foreign slave trade, and for other purposes.              j
Mr. DAVIS explained, in detail, the objects, ¡
manner of operation, and effects of the bill.
Mr. MERRICK moved to strike out that that I
part of the bill which made a shipbuilder punisha- !
ble if he had good reason to believe that the ship ,j
was for the slave trade; Mr. M. being understood ,
to argue that he ought not to be punished unless he
knew it.
The bill and the amendment were discussed by
Messrs. D <VIS, CALHOUN, GRUNDY, KING,
MERRICK, and WEBSTER.
Mr. Merrick's motion was negatived, and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed.
The Senate then adjourned.
471
-                      "-                    ......    -                          i-- "j—
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, June 17,1840.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked the general consent of
the House to offer a resolution; which was read
for the information of the House, as follows:
Resolved, By the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring therein,) that Congress will ter-
minate the present session, by adjournment sine die,
on Thursday, the 9th of July next, at eight o'clock
in the afternoon of that day.
Objection was made from all sides of the House.
[The friends of the Administration are anxious
to terminate the present session at the earliest day
possible consistent with the interests of the country,
and with a due regard to the condition of the busi-
ness which must be passed upon before the ad-
journment of the present session. They are,
therefore, opposed to fixing a day until they can
see some prospect ahead of finishing the business
or of getting it in such a state of preparation as
would justify them in fixing a day for the adjourn-
ment. They have made, and are now makiDg,
every effort to that end. They believe that all
those who are really desirous to terminate the ses-
sion at an early day, would and ought to come
forwarl with an anxious desire to act upon the
measures that must be passed upon, instead of con-
suming the time of the House in debate.]
Mr. WISE moved to suspend the rules for the
reception of the resolution; and, on that motion,
Mr. CASEY having demanded the yeas and
nays, they were ordered, and were, yeas 77, nays
86.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. CRAIG said, in order to make the most of
their time, and with a view and in good faith that
they may have an early adjournment, and to test
the sincerity of those who profess to desire it so
anxiously, he would ask the general consent of the
House to offer a resolution, which was read for the
information of the House, as.foilows:
Resolved, That from and after this day, the daily
hour of meeting of the House shall be 10 o'clock,
ante meridian.
Mr. WISE objected to its reception.
Mr. CRAIG moved to suspend the rales, to en-
able him to offer it, and on that motion demanded
the yeas and nays; which having been ordered,
were—yeas 105, nays 30, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alford, Judson Allen, Atherton, Banks, Ba-
ker, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Black well, Bond, Boyd, Anson V.
Brown, Albert Q. Brown, .Burke, Bynum, Calhoun, Wm. B.
Campbell, Carr. Carroll, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Chittenden,
Clifford, Mark A. <3ooper, Wm. R. Cooper, Craig, Cranston,
Cráry, Crockett, Dana, Davee, Edward Da vies, John Davis,
John W. Davis, Deberry, Dickerson, Delist, Doan, Doig,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fillmore, Fletcher,
Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith, Gates, Gentry, Gerty, Grddings,
Gogghi, Goode, Graves, Green, Hammond^ Hand, John Bast-
ings, Hawes, Hawkins, Henry, Hill ef Nor^h Carolina, Hillen,
Holmes, Hopkins, Hubbard, JackBOn, James, Jameson, Chas.
Johnston, Joseph Johnson, Care Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, 3.
W. Jones, Keim, Kempshall, Kille, King, Leádbetter, Leet,
Low«ll, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloh, McKay, Mallory, Mar-
chand, Marvin, Medill,Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Calvary
Morris, Newhard, Niabet, Osborne, Parrish, Parmehter, Par-
ria, Paynter, Pope, Prentiss, Ramsey, Randall, Randolph, Ra-
riden, Reynolds, Ridgway, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Simonton.
A. Smith, J. Smith, Truman Smith, Thos. Smith, Steenrod,
Storrs, Strong, Stuart, Swearingen, F. Thomas, P. F. Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Triplett, Turney, Underwood, Vanderpoel,
David D. Wagener, Peter J. Wagner, Watterson, Welter,
Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, Lewis Wil-
liams, Joseph L. Williams, C. H. Williams, and Wortbtngton
—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Andrews, Btiggs, John Campbell,
Clark, Connor, Garret Davis, Dennis, Evans, EverettJ Haber-
sham, William Cost Johnson, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe, Mor-
gan, Palen, Peck, Petrikin, ealtonetall, Sergeant, Shepard,
Stanly, Sweney, Taliaferro, Toland, Warren, E. D. White,
Thomas W. Williams, and Wise—30.
So the rules were suspended; and the resolution
having been again read,
Mr. CRAIG moved the previous question, which
received a second; and the main question having
been ordered, it was takes, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. DANA asked leave to present a resolution,
which was read for the information of the House,
as follows:
Resohed, That the Clerk of this House cause to
be published in one or more of the newspapers
printed in this city, the names of all members of
Congress who shall be absent without leave on any
call of the House, or vote by yeas and nays.
Objection having been made to the reception ot
the resolution,                             ,                 ,__
Mr. DANA moved to suspend the rules, and on
