4*4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rize the Mount Carmel and New Alabany Railroad
Company, to enter, on a credit, a quantity of land
to aid the company in the construction of a raili oad
from New Albnny, in the State of Indiana, to
Mount Carmel, in the State of Illinois, was taken
up, as in committee of the whole, and after discus-
sion by Messrs. WEBSTER, BENTON, LINN,
YOUNG, and WHITE,
Mr. BENTON moved for its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was lost—ayes 12, noes 16, as fol-
lows:
YEAS----Messrs.   Allen,   Andersen,   Benton,
Brown, Calhoun, Hubbard, Lumpkin, Roane,
Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan, and Wright—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Henderson,
Huntington, King, Knight, Linn, Merrick, Nicho-
las, Norvell, Prentiss, Smith of Indiana, Tall-
madge, Webster, White, and Young—16.
On motion,
The Senate adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 19,1840.
The CHAIR having announced that reports of
committees were first in order—
Mr. HUBBARD of Alabama, from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, reported back to the
House, without amendment, Senate bill, entitled
"An act to relinquish ihe reversionary interest of
the United States to a reversion in the State of Ala-
bama;" which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole.
Also, reported back, without amendment, Senate
bill, eatitled, "An act authorizing the States to tax
any lands within their limits, sold by the United
States," which, after a few remarks by Mr. HUB-
BARD in favor of the immediate passage of the
bill, and Mr. TILLINGH AST in favor of its com-
mitment—
On motion of Mr. L. WILLIAMS, it was com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. H. also reported back to the House, without
amendment, Senate bill, entitled "An act for the
relief of certain settlers on the public lands, who
were deprived of the benefits of the act granting
pre emplion rights," which was approved on the
19th Jane, 1834.
Mr. H. made some remarks explanatory of the
principle of the bill; and moved, that instead of
taking the usual course of reference, it be put upon
its passage.
Mr. TILLINGHAST made some remarks in
opposition to that motion, and moved that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CRABB considered that the principle of the
bill had been settled in the pre-emption act already
passed, which bill was much stronger in principle
than this    He was opposed to the commitment.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland spoke of the frauds
which had been committed upon the Creek reser-
vations in Alabama, and was opposed to the pas-
sage of any bill of the kind to settle claims on the
reservations till the commission which had charge
of the subject shall have made a report in full.
Mr. CRABB, in relation to the frauds referred to
by the gentlemanfrom Maryland.replied, that if they
existed to the extent spoken of, they were not com-
mitted by citizens of Alabama, but by citizens of
Maryland as well as the citizens of other Slates.
He had heard a great deal said about friendship
for those who lived in log cabins; he wished to see
sime evidence of it. Every iriend of the log cabin
boys would, and ought to vote for this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland cared not whether
the frauds were committed by citizens of Mary-
land or Alabama, or any other State, or by those
living in log cabins, or by those living in palaces;
be was opposed to them, and would condemn them
- wherever they ex'Sted,oi by whomsoever committed.
He wanted time to examine the bill, and he hoped
it would be committed for that purpose.
Mr. BRIGGS was opposed to committing the
bill to the Committee on the state of the Union.
It was a private claim, and he saw no good reason
why it should have an earlier or more favorable con-
sideration than other private claims before the com-
mittes.   He therefore moved that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole, instead of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union as proposed.
Mr. LINCOLN also spoke in favor of giving
this till the same direction as other private claims.
It involved a principle different from that in the
pre emption law, as asserted by the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Crabb ]
Mr. TURNEY had always voted for these pre-
emption rights, but he was opposed to having the
morning hour consumed on a question of reference,
or of putting the bill out of its proper channel, if
it was determined, instead of referring the bill, to
have action upon it; and for the purpose of getting
at the question, he moved to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama demanded the
yeas and nays on that motion; which were not
ordered.
At the suggestion of several, and for the pur-
pose of having the bill referred, Mr. TURNEY
withdrew his motion to lay on the table.
Mr. GRAVES renewed the motion to lay on the
tablp.
Mr. CRABB asked for the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
laid on the table, on count by ayes and noes
Mr. GRAVES said he heard a gentleman inti-
mate his intent on to move to reconsider the vote;
he therefore made the motion to reconsider now
Mr. CRABB hoped the House would grant him
the yeas and cays on that motion; «hch v ere or-
dered, and were—jeas 107, nays G4, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs JuJson Allen, Hugh J Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Black-well, Boyd, Briggs, Albert
G Brown, Burke, William O Butler, Bynum, Carr, Carroll,
Carter, Cas«y, Chapman, Chmn, Clifford, Mark A Cooper,
William R Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crary, Crockett, Cioss,
Cushing, Dana, Davee, Dvies, John Davis, .1 W. Davis,
Dellet, Doan, Doig, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fletcher, For
nance, Galbraith, Gerry, Giddings, Hoode, Griffin, Habersham,
Hand, J Hastings, Hawes, Hawkins, Henry, Hillen, Hook,
Hubbard, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel
Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kille, Leadbetter, Leonard,
Lowell, Lucas, McClellan McCullnh, McKay, Mallory, Mar
chand, Miller, Montanya, Samuel W Morris, Parnsh, Petnkin,
Prentiss, Ramsey, Randen, Reynolds, Ridgway, Robinson,
Ryall, Shaw, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather,
Pteenrod, Strong, Stuart, Sumter, Sweanngen, Taliaferro,
Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vanderpoel, David D
Wagener, Watterson, Weller, Wick, Jared W Williams,
Henry Williams, Christopher H Williams, and John T H-
Worthington—107
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Alford, LandaffW Andrews, Baker,
Bond, Botts, Brockway, Sampson H Butler, Calhoun, William
B Campbell, Chittenden, Clark, Connor, Cranston, Dawson,
Deberry, Dennis, Dromgoole, Evans, Floyd, Gates, Gen-
try, Goggm, Graham, Graves, Hall, Wm S Hastings,
Hill ot North Carolina, Jackson, James, Chas Johnston,
William Cost Johnson, Kempshall, Lincoln, Marvin,
Mason, Mitchell, Monroe Morgan, Calvary Morris, Newhard,
Ogle, Osborne, Palen, Paynter, Peck, James Rogers, Saltón
stall, Samuels, Seigeant, Simonton, Truman Smith, Stanly,
Storrs, Waddy Thompson, Tillmghast, Toland, Triplett, Trum
bull, Peter J Wagner, Warren, Edward D White, Thomas
W Williams, and Lewis Williams—64
So the vote to lay the bill on the table was recon-
sidered; and
The question recurring on the motion to lay on
the tab'e, it was negatived; and the bill was then
referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made adverse reports on the petitions of Ja-
cob Houseman and William C. Bethe 1. Also,
made a report on the memorial of the Montgo-
mery Railroad Company, praying the right of way
through the public lands, discharging the said com-
mittee from its further consideration on the ground
that a general bill had teen reported for the attain-
ment of that object. Also, made an adverse report
on the petition of David R. Mitchell. On motion
of Mr. H. the committee was al&o discharged from
the further consideration of certain memorials from
the Legislative Council of the Terntory of Iowa.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Elisha Moreland, Robert J.
Kennedy, and Madison C Lewis, and a bill for
the relief of Joseph Wilson of Lauderdale; which
bills were read twice, and committed to the Com-
mute of the Whole.
Mr. LINCOLN.from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Henry
Nunngham; which was read twice, and committed
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CRARY, from the same committee, reported
back to the Housse, without amendment, Senate bill,
entitled "An act to create an additional land office
in the State of Michigan and for other purposes
which was committed to the Committee of the
Whole rn the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. CRARY, the Committee on
the Pub'ic Lards was discharged from the further
consideration of the resolution of the Legislature of
Michigan in relation to the Univer-aiy lands, and
from the memorial for a bounty in land to the cora-
missioned officers of the war of 1812.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee on the Post Of.
fice and Post Roads, reported back to the House the
bill for the establishment of certain post routes itt
the Territory of Iowa, and to discontinue others
therein named, which was referred to the Comrrui-
tee of the Whole House on the state of the Union
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the pe-
tition of James T. Feas; and it was ordered to he
on the table.
Mr. SERGEANT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back to the House, without
amendment, Senate bill, entitled "An act to amend
an act approved 18th January, 1839, entitled an act
to amend an act entitled an act to require the Judgp
of the District of East and West Tennessee, to hold
a court at Jackson, in said Stale, approved June
18, 1838, and for other purposes "
On motion of Mr. TURNEY, the bill was now
read the thirl time, and passed.
Mr. SERGEANT also reported back to the
House, from the same committee, without amend-
ment, Senate bill entitled an act to establish a
board of claims, to hear and examine claims
against the United States,
Also reported back, without amendment, Sena'e
bill entitled an act to authorize the payment of
equitable commissions to the agents cr attorneys of
persons in whose favor awards have been made,
under three annual trea'ies between the United
States and certain foreign powers; which awards
have been retained in the Treasury, m payment of
debts due to the United States; and
Senate bill entitled an act respecting the heirs of
Agnes Dundas;
Which bills were severally referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
back to the House, without amendment, Senate
bill entitled an act in addition to an act respecting
the judicial system of the United States; which Mr.
S. asked might be put upon its passage, if there
was no objection; but the morning hour having ex-
pired,
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the House re-
solved itself into Commitlee of the Whole Home
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Banks in the chair)
and resumed the consideration of the
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
Mr. EVANS, who wasentnled to the floor, exa-
mined into the slate of the currency at d flerent peri-
ods since the formation of the Government, and the
course of the past and present Administrations with
reference to it; which course he censured, and to
which he attributed all the present evils of the
times. He examined the bill under discussion, and
gave his reasons why he would not vote font.
He spoke till the hour o( 24 o'clock, at which
time
Mr. TILLINGHAST obtained the floor, and
the House took its usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. TILLINGHAST spoke until half past eight
o'clock, in opposition to the bill. He examined it
in all its bearings, with a view to show that it would
not prove so good a regulator of the currency as a
Bank of the United Slates.
Alter he had concluded,
Mr. COLQ.UITT obtained the floor; when the
committee rose, and
The House, at half past eight o'clock, adjourned.
ile
k
jib
ft I
*J
jeh
il
ted
nl
!r
lie
ii 
iH
¡of
it
!f
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, June 20, 1840.
Senate bill entitled "An act m addition to the act
restricting the judicial system of the United States,"
which was reported back from the Committee on
the Judiciary on Saturday, was read the third time
and passed.
