CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
47S
The CHAIR announced that the next business
in order was the lollowmg resolution, reported
irom the Committee on Commerce a lew dajs ago,
viz:                                                         , ,
Resolved, That the icport and ciattef the sur-
vey of the harbirs of Beaufort and Wilmington,
in North Caioh'na, communicated to this House
by the Secretary of the Navy, and the report of
the chart of the surveys of the Southern coast, fiom
Tybee island, in Georgia, to Hunting island, in
South Carolina, prepared by Lieut. Wilkes, be
lithographed; and that 2,500 of each report and
chart be published.
Mr. FETRrKIN opposed the adoption of the re-
solution, because he believed the matter of lithogra-
phy had become a thing of local speculation. He
then spoke of the manner in which the lithograph-
ing had been conducted.
Mr. HABERSHAM said he was obliged te con-
cede that, from the manner of the objection of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, he was entirely
ignorant of its men's or claims. If he had inquired
into its merits, there certainly cou'd not have been
any objection from him. Mr. H. ihen showed the
great importance of the chart, and advocated the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. BRIGGS had no doubt that the chart was a
meritorious one, bui he was opposed to having it
printed until there was a thorough invesVgation in-
to the manner ¡n which the lithographing had been
done. He then cited an instance in which a chart
had been engraved by order of the Senate, and the
same lithographed by order of the House, and that
done at the ins'ance of the House cost double as
much as that ordered by 'he Senate. It should not
be lithographed unless the Honce was better in-
formed of the exper^f He would then go for the
resolution.        w—------                         *———        ,J]
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana moved to amend the re- I
solution by adding the following: "and also to have ,
printed, in Hke manner, 5,0(10 copies of the geolo-
gical report lately submitted to ihis House, for the
use of the members thereof, uni'rr the direction of ¡
the Topograpical Bureau."                                        I
Mr. C. spoke of the ability of ihe above paper,
and characterized it as one of the best of the kind
trer submitted to the House. To save the time of
the House, he moved the previous question.
Mr. STEENROD moved to lay the resolution on 
lie table.                                                                 -T
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded the yeas and nays; ■
which having been ordered, were—yeas 71, nays ■
96.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on the
table.                                                                            ,
The question recurring on the call for the pre-
vious question, there was a second; and the  ques- I',
lion now being, "Shall the main question be now   '
pot?"                                                                            j ■
Mr. BRIGGS demanded the yeas and nays; i
rtich the House refused.
So the main question having b^en ordered to be
t, and the question being, "Shall the resolution
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The CHAIR said, upon an examination of the
amendment, he found that there was another and
similar motion pending, and the amendment was
not, therefore, in order; and thr question would be
on the adoption of the original resolution.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to Jay the resolution on
the table; which the House refused to do.
The question was then taken on th^ adoption of
th« resolution, and it was parsed—yeas 93, nays
82, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford. Jtiifecm Allen, John W.
Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Andrews, Biddle, Bond, Brockway,
Albert G.Brown, Sampsen H. Butler, Calhoun, Carter, Chinn,
Clark, Clifford, Colquitt, Crabb, Crarn'oi, Oary, Crockett,
Croas, Curtis, Cushing, Dana, Davee, Edward Davies, John
W. Davis, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Del let,
Dromgoole, Evans, Everett, Rice Garland, Gates, Gentry,
Goggin, Goode, Graham, GrifTm, Jfaherpham, Hand, Wm. S.
Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Hill of Va. Hoffman, Holmes, W.
Cost Johnson, Keropshall, King, Leonard, Lincoln, Lowell,
McKay, Marchand, Mason, Monroe, Montanya, Morgan, Nay-
lor, Osborne, Talen. Perk, Randall, Randolph, Rayne>-, Rid*-
 ay, Edward Rojf ra, >*aHoimaU, Sergeant, Shepard, Simon-
¡m, Albert Smith, Stanlv, Storrs, Stuart, Snmter, Waddy
Thompson, T'lhnshast, Tolaml, Triplett, Trumbull, Under-
wood, Peler J Wagner, Warren, Edward D White, Wick,
T. W. Williams, and J. L. W llliams—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Blackwell
Boyd, Briggs, Burke, William O. Butler, Wm. B. Campbell,
Carr, Casey, Chapman, M. A Co iper, Wm R Cooper, Crai?,
Doan, D.>u, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fletcher, Galbraith,
G^ny, Gid tings, Hall, Hammond, John Hastings, Hawkins,
Hill of Nonh Carolina, Holleman Hook, Hopkins, Hubbard,
Jiirfcion, James, Jdine-on, Chas. Johnston, J J >hns.n, Cave
Johnson, V Jones, John W. Jones, Ke.im, KiKe, Leadbetter,
Lewis, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloh, Miller, Mitchell, Mont
ffomery, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parrkh, Parmenter,
Parris, Paynter, Petnkin, Prentiss, Ramsey, Randen, Rey-
nolds, Samuels, Shaw, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Stark-
weather, Steenrod, Strong, Swearingen, Sweney, Taliaferro,
Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Turney, David D. Wagener, Wat-
terson, Waller, Jared W. Williams, and Lewis Williams—82.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the rule* were
suspended, and the  House resolved itself Ihto a
Committee of the whole House on the state oí tbj
Union, and resumed the consideration of the II
pendent Treasury bill.
Mr. COLQ.UITT being entitled to the floor, after
some introductory remarks, in which he showed
the necessity of separating prejudice and feeling
from debates on all questions, and the liability of
every one to be led astray by such influences, he
showed that the people had now become too wise
to be satisfied with mere declarations of zeal for
rights, and required a more satisfactory kind of
evidence, viz. the actions of their servants.
It had been said that the bill before the commit-
tee was fraught with ruin, with desolation, and
with wo. It therefore became their duty to ex-
amine it dispassionately, and by the rule of reason,
instead of violent declamation or party prejudice,
to judge of its merits.
As the Opposition, in a body, were censoring
this measure, he contended that they were bound to
propose some other plan to the country for accom-
plishing the desired end. It would not answer,
that individuals should get up on the floor and de-
nounce the bill, aid talk about an antagomstical
measure. It was the duty of the party to propose
some measure which they considered would an-
wer the end.
From what had been said, there could be no
doubt but that a National Bank was the favorite
scheme of the Opposition. Then why did they
not at one? come out boldly, and propose
that measure to the people. This, however, he
presumed wbuld not be safe, as in some parts of
the country such a proposition would not answer.
Hence this crooked policy of opposing this bill,
without having the courage to propose any thing
in its stead. It was far more easy for them to run
foul of this measure, than to propose any thing else.
Mr. C. then at some length argued the question
of the constitutionality of a Natfonal Bank, and
contended that the advocates of such an institution
could not sustain their position for a moment, if
they took the Constitution in its plain literal mean-
ing. At the time the Constitution was framed,
there were living too many men, whose rags and
hardships proved they knew the value of freedom,
to th'nk of protecting a great moneyed interest, to
the exclusion, and at the expense, of all the rest.
Whether a man got his living by the saw or the
plane, or served behind the counter, the Constitu-
tion was designed to throw the mantle of protection
around all classes, instead of sacrificing them at
the shrine of a great moneyed institution, for the
support of men who were too idle to earn their
bread by industry, and too proud to work.
He then read numerous authorities, showing the
vet y " consistent" course of the old United States
Bank, and that during its existence, instead of
securing prosperity to the country, it caused no-
thing but distress and insolvenry.
After adverting to all these facts, he asked With
what consistency the Opposition could charge that
this bill would bring ruin and distress, when such
alone were the bitter fruits of the system they were
seeking to establish. Let gentlemen, when they
speak of «'hard times," not forget to tell their con-
stituents what kind of times there were when that
bank was in operation.
In the course of his remarks he alluded to the
charge of the Opposition, that, by destroying the
bank*, credit would be destroyed at the same time.
He denied this, and contended that credit had al-
ways existed long before the existence of banks,
and that the honest and industrious man could
always get credit. Banks were not the founda-
tion, but the abusers oí credit.
By way of illustration, Mr. C. caused to be read
the letter of Governor Throop on the subject. In
the course of the reading, several of the Whig
party objected to its introduction, on the ground
that it consumed th° time of the House. Bnt,
as its introduction was strictly relavent, their ob-
jection did not prevent its being read through.
The remarks of Mr. C. will appear in full here-
after.
>   Mr. RHETT then took the floor, and, at much
/ length, replied to the various   objections   urged
* against the bill, which he contended was the mea-
sure of the people and for the benefit of the people.
He had not concluded at 24 o'clock, at which
time the House took the  usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess, the House went again into Com-
mittee of the Whole, and
Mr. RHETT resumed his remarks in reply to
the several objections urged atrainst the bill. After
showing that the banks of England and Prance,
could not be referred to as arguments for a National
Bank in this country, which was not to be responsi-
ble to Government, he went on to show, what in
his opinion was the cheapest mode of collecting the
revenue. He contended that the cheapest and
most Republican of collecting the taxes, and what
would be least burdensome to the people, was by
direct taxation. Indirect taxation was objection-
able for many reasons. The first was that the
people were not conscious of the amount of taxes
they were paying. Again, five times the amount
could be collected by indirect taxation that would
be submitted to by direct taxation. Thus it was
an admirable contrivance for tyranny to conceal
from the people what they were actually paying.
He also showed the evi's of such a system in case
of war, when importations ceasing, the very means
by which Government depended for its support
would be cut off.
Mr. R. proceeded to show that the evils arising
from the fluctuation in price*, etc. were attributa-
ble solely to the banking system, for the support ef
which this tariff system had been fostered. He
contended that the banking system was not neces-
sary for the business of the country, and that were
it not for that expansions and contractions of those
institutions, and their occasional suspension of
specie payments, that business would'move on with
regularity.
He did not mean to be understood as contending
that there should be no banking. If capitalists is-
sued their paper, and were able to redeem that pa-
per, he had no objection to it. What he objected
to was that the arm of Government should inter-
fere for the purpose of gaining facilities to these
banks beyond their means. The banking sy*em
could never be destroyed. If it were possible to
destroy all the banks to-morrow, the system would
remain. The interchange of paper between indi-
viduals could not be prevented. His sole object in
supporting this measure was the establishment of a
system for the proper collection and safekeeping
of the public money. If it went beyond that, or
had any other object in view, he should deem it
unconstitutional.
Mr. R. after adverting to the oppressive conduct
of the United States Bank, and examining the exag-
gerated s'atements as to the use of such banks, said,
yet this was the very state of things that the Oppo
sition sought to re-establish. They wished to place
us again in the power of banks, who, in case of
another war, could say they wou'd or would not
pay their debts, just as they pleased. All these
dangers he considered would be effectually avoided
by the adoption of this Independent Treasury sys-
tem.
As for a National Bank, the grand alternative of
this great system, he should say but little. It was
needless for him to argue the unconstitutionality of
such an institution. He was a State Rights man,
and contended that if such a Bank were
necessary, then all the people of the
country whom it was to affect, shonld
govern and rule it. He then went" on to show that
the existence of such a bank was lnconsistentwim
the independence of the States, and adduced in
stances when, under the old United States Bank„the
j j State institutions were made to succumb to nersu-
