against a decree of discharge and the allowance
of the certificate as hereinbetorr provt 'ed. And tf,
•pen a ful hearing of ihf parties it !-ba',l appear to
the satisfaction of the court, or the jury stu'l find
that the bankrupt has made a till! disclosure and
surrender  ( all b.i< e>taie as br this act required,
and ba« id all things contormed to the directions
thereat, ihe court shall nafce a ¡ecree of discharge
aad certify the same to the coon below, whereupon
the eourt'below «bail allow ihe Mime, and grant a
certifica^' a  provtJed ta the fourth stction of this
a u"
This amendment abo was adopted without a de-
cision.
Upon the morion of Mr. RUGGLES, an amend-
men! wa< then m«de as to the description and
aaaoaal of property to be surrendered to the bank-
rapt and his family, and giving to the assignee an \
court crutn discretion in that matter, but we did
not take the particular contents ot the proposition.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, the amoant
of debt requisite to entitle person  in general to the
benefit of this bill, was not fixed at any sum, and
for merchant's, bankers, &c. it was fixed at $3,000 ,
and above.
Mr. WALL offered two amendments (formal
and technical) which were severally as reed to.
Mr. HDBBARn moved to confine ihe operation
of the itll exclusively to future contracts, and
called for the yeas and nays, which were ordered;
and this amendment was rejected—yeas 14, nays
32, as follows:                                                       j
YEAS—Messrs.    Allen,   Anderson,   Calhoun, j
Co lb be rt, Hubbard, Lino. Lumpkin, Pierce, Pren- i
t s*, Robinson, Smith of   Connecticut,   Strange, "
Sturgeon, andTappan—14.
MAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchanan,
Cra  of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davu, Dixon, Fulton, Henderson,
Huntington, King, Knight, Merrick, Mcuton,
Nicholas, Norveil, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Roane,
Raggks, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, '
Walker, Wall, Webster, White, Williams, and '
Yoong—32.
Mr. WALL, after some remarks on the proprie- | t
ty of giving the appointment of the assignees to the ''
creditors ot ihe bankrupt, moved to recommit the j
bill, for the purpose of so modifying it, which was '
disagreed to—aye  00, noes 26, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Cat-
aran, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Hub-
bard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Pierce, Roane, Rc-
brasoa, Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Wall, and Williams—20.                          i
NAYS—Messrs.   Brown, Buchanan,   Clay of j
Kentucky,   Clayton, Crittenden,  Davis,    Dixon, 'I
Henderson, Huntington, Knight, Merrick, Mouton,
Nicholas, Norveil, Phelps, Porter,Preniiss, Preston, ¡
Rogg'es, Sm.th of Indiana, Somhard, Tallmadge,
Walker, Webster, White, and Young—26.
Mr. HUBBARD then moved an adjournment,
which was disagreed to—ayes 21, nays '26.
Mr. RUGGLES then moved to amend the bill
by inserting a provision, declaring any attachment
oa mesne process nnl!, which should be made sub-
sequent to the passage ot the bill, and to the de-
triment of a portion of the creditors. The amend- I
meat was rejected—ayes 11, nays 35, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Knight, Rosgles, Smith   !
oí Indiana, Sonthard, Tallmadge, Wall, Webster, ¡
White, Williams, and Wright—11.                        j
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Bochaaan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, ,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Cmhbert, '
Dixcn, Futon, Henderson, Hubbard, Huntington,
King, Linn, Lumpkin, Merrick, Mouton, Nicholas,
Phelpa, Pierce, Porter, Prenlu=s, Preston, Roane,
Robinson, Smith of Connect cot, Strange, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Walker, and Yoong—35.
No farther amendments being offered, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and the amendments
made in committee of ihe whole were concurred in.
The qoeMion then coming up on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading, and the
ayes and noes being ordered thereon,
Mr. WALL moved mat the bill, ae amended,
thoold be printed; but this motion being declared
to be out of order, be moved to lay the bill on the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
table, for the purpose of having it printed; which
was agreed to—aye* 24, nays 23, as follows:
YEA3—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Cuthbtrt, Fulton, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lump-
kin, Pierce, Preniiis, Roane, Robinson, Smith of
Connecticut, Stange, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wall,
Wr-ht, and Young—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Hendenon, Huntington,
Kught, Merrick, Mouton, Nicholas, Norveil,
Phelps, Porter, Preston, Rugóles, Smnh of Indiana,
South rd, Tallmadge, Walker,J Webster, White,
and Williams—23.
Tne Senate then went into Execntive session for
a short time,
And then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, June 23, 1840.
Mr. WISE asked the consent of the House to
submit a joint reso'ution for the adjournment of
both Houses of Congress sine d'u, on Saturday, the
1 lib. day of July next.
Objection was made to its reception.
Mr. WISE moved to suspend the rules; and on
that motion demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana moved a call of the
House; which was ordered, and proceeded in till
146 members answered to their names; when,
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, all further proceed-
ing in the call was dispensed with.
The yeas and nays having been ordered on the
mation to suspend tae rules, were taken, and were,
yeas 75, nays 94.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. ADAMS presented to the Hou^e from------,
a work on political economy; which was, on his
motion, ordered to be deposited in the Library of
the House.
The CHAIR announced that the resolutions re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, by Mr. McKav, was the first thing in
order; which were read, as follows:
Revolted, Thai ihe Postmaster General be directed to pre-
pare and report to the House, at the commencement of the
next session, a Use ol all the poet roaito in tbe United Stales,
with a diagram or diagrams, oa which they «hall be delineated,
showing how long they hare been in operation; the !.m<! ñ ser-
rice on each, whether on horseback, sulkey, atase, railroads, or
in steamboats; ttie ameunt of receipts, and the cost ol transpor-
tation  n tbe same, respectively; also, showing Ihe new routes
named m the petitions and resolutions presented at the present
session, with an estimate of the probable expense ol putting
each of them in operation.
Resolved, Thu all petitions and memorials for the establish-
mei" of po«-roa.t< r resented, and resolutions of inquiry for the
same purpose, adopted at the present session, be referred to the
Postmaster General tor his miormauon.
Rrsolced, That t'ie Postmaster General be directed to pre-
pare and report, at the same time, a list of all post roads where
the mails, though now carried m stages, might be carried on
horseback, cr in"sulkeys, with the amount paid for the stage
service, and the averace cost of carrying similar mails on horse-
bark or ía sulkeys, in the section* ol country where such routes
may be respectively located.
The resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. BROWN of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
back to the House, without amendment, Senate
bill entitled an act for the relief of J. M. Strader;
which was committed to tbe Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SIMONTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary,  o which had been referred the bill of
the House entitled an act to regulate the fees of
clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the Northern
and Southern Districts of the State of Mississippi,
reported it back with an amendment as a substitute;
which was referred to the Committee of theWhole.
Mr. SIMONTON, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the petition of Joseph
Ramsey, in relation to a pension, made a report in
which it was argued that Mr. R. was a party to the
fraud; and the report was accompanied by a resolu-
tion that he was not entitled to any relief.
Mr. HOPKINS made some remarks, showing
that Mr. R's claim to a pension was well esta-
blished; and that he was not a party to the fraud
which had deprived him of the pension obtained
from the Government. He concluded by moving
that the report be commilted to the same committee,
with instructions to report a bill for his relief.
Mr. SERGEANT opposed   that   motion, and
_______________        An
made some remarks showing that Mí. R. having
given agents a power of attorney to obtain the pen-
sion from the Government, and those «gents hav-
ing defrauded him of the same, in equity he, and
not ihe Government, should lose. He having given"
the power of attorney, was, though innocently so,
to that ertent a party to the fraud. Mr. S. con-
cluded, by moving that the subject be referred to
the Committee of the Whole.
On motion of Mr. SAMUELS, the report and
papers were ordered to be printed.
Mr. STORRS, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill to auihorize the judicial ad-
. justment of tbe claim of the Municipality No. 1,
of the city of New Orleans, to certain land  with-
in said municipality; which was read twice, and
Committed to the Committee of the Whole.
On motion of Mr. CRARY, the Committee on
the Judiciary was discharged trom the further con-
sideration of the resolution of the House, instruct-
ing that committee to inquire into the propriety of
reporting a bill in relation to the apportionment un-
der tbe census of 1840.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made unfavorable reports on the
petitions of Charles Lewis, John Winston, Elipha-
| let SpatTord, William Ruckman, John McCollan,
i and Richard Pauletu ; which were severally ordered
to 1 e on the table.
!       Mr. ELY, from the Committee on Revolutionary
1   Claims, made unfavorable reports on the petitions
j   of John Briggs, the representatives of William
j   Slaughter, Dennis Puree!, the heirs of Captain John
Stokes, Stephen Graham, deceased, and Captain
Robert Vance; which were severally ordered to lie
on the table.
!       Mr. CRAIG, from the same committee, made
n unfavorable reports on the petittons of Thomas
, Chapman, Lathrop Allen, Samuel Jones, Captain
Trupiey White, and Roger Staynor; which were
severally ordered to lie on the table.
jj      Mr. RANDOLPH, from the same committee,
I'  reported a bill for the relief of John H. Kelly, and
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
(i Jane Fentenburgb, laie widow of Captain Haw-
|i kins Boone; which were read twice, and committed
to the Committee of tbe Whole.
Mr. MONTGOMERY, from the same commit-
tee, made unfavorable reports oa the petitions of
Francis Malone, Harriet Baker, Theodore Middle-
ton, Asa Clark, Henry Whiting, and Richard
Mack; which were severally ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
George May field; which was read twice, and com-
mitted to tbe Committee of the Whole.
Also reported back to the House, without amend-
ment, Senate bill entitled an act for the relief of
Joseph Bogy; which was committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. R. GARLAND, from the same committee,
reported a bill to confirm to the heirs and legal re-
presentatives of John Brown, deceased, their title
to a tract of land; which was lead twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole.
|       Also, reported back to the House, without amend-
ment, Senate bill entitled au act to confirm the
claims to land in the districts between the Rio
Hondo and Sabine nverc; which was committed to
]    the Committee of the Whole.
1       Mr. WHITE of Louisiana, from the same com-
1   mittee, reported back to the House, without amend-
j    ment, Senate bills, entitled
An act for the relief of George de Passo, of Lou-
i   isiana;
.      An act for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of William Conaway;
An act for the relief of James Smith of Arkansas;
An act confirming the claim of the heirs of Jo-
seph Thompson, sr. deceased, to a tract of land in
Missouri; and
An act for the relief of Henry Wilson;
which were severally referred to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HASTINGS, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported a bill
for the relief of the heirs of Joseph Erwin; and a
bill lor the relief of Hugh Riddle, of the State of
