New York; which were read twice, and committed
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. H. also made unfavorable reports on the
petitions of Silas Wells, Charles Holmes, and Ste-
phen Howard; which were ordered to lie on the ta-
ble; and on the petition of Thomas Q. Smith, re-
ported that the petitioner have leave to withdraw
his petition.
On motion of Mr. WICK, the Committee on
Private Land Claims was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petitions of Abraham
Wayland and others, Amos Burdyne and George
Williams, and that the latter have leave to with-
draw his petition.
Mr. W. also reported back to the House, from
the same committee, without amendment, Senate
bills entitled
An act for the relief ef the legal representatives
of Pierre Bonhomme; and
An act for the relief of Thomas P. Copes; which j |
were referred to the Committee of the Whole.          '
Mr. DILLET, from the same committee, report-   '
ed a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of   '
Lewis Dnrete; which was read twice, and commit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole.
Also, made an unfavorable report on the peti- '
tionof Maurice Wright; which was ordered to lie
on the table.                                                         j
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Manufac- I
tures, to which bad been referred! Senate bill en- i
titled an act to regulate duties on the importation of j
the production of the fine arts, reported the same
back to the House without amendment, and with a '
recommendation that it be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. A. then made some remarks in relation to
the impropriety of the Senate originating such a
bill—it being a revenue bill.   After which,
The question was taken on the recommendation  .
of the committee, that it be indefinitely postponed,
and agreed to.
Mr. BSLL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
faits, reported back to the House, without amend-
ment, Senate bill entitled an act for the relief of
Jnbal B. Hancock; which was committed to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. B. also made unfavorable reports on the
petitions of James Smith, Charles Lewis, and Thos.
A. Walker, and it was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. B. also reported from, the same committee
the following resolution, viz:
.Resolved, That so much of the resolution of the
House of the 7th March last, as declared the expe-
diency of suspending the further execution of the
first and second clauses of the fourth article of the
treaty made with the Winnebago Indians in 1837,
be rescinded.                                                           '
Mr. CRARY moved to lay the resolution on the '
table, till the committee shall have reported on the
subject committed to them for investigation; but   J
he withdrew the motion at the suggestion of             !
Mr. BELL, who said the committee had just
closed a most laborious investigation; and so soon
as an abstract of the testimony (which was volu-   |
minous) shall have been prepared, the committee   ¡
would make a full report.   The committee had di-   j
rected him to report, in part, this resolution.   The
committee did not believe there was sufficient evi-   !
dence to justify a new commission; but there were   j
many things developed which they were desirous to  '
lay before the House, with their opinions thereon.  ''
Tfte reason why they bad directed bim to report in
part, was tbat some of the claims were without ex-
ception, though they were very large; and he did
not think there was sufficient evidence which would  ''
go to show that the smallest claim should be dis-   !
allowed.   He believed that a great deal of injus-
tice had been done these claimants, and that there
should be reparation without delay.   He had not  ¡
concluded, but the morning hour having expired,      j
On motionlof  Mr. JONES   of  Virginia, the ¡j
House resolved itself into a Committee of the   (
Whole (Mr. Banks in the chair) and resumed the   j
consideration of the                                               j,
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.         ,
Mr. JhOLLEMAN being entitled to tbe floor, re-
sumed his remarks from last evening in support of j
tbe bill, and in exposing the fallacy of the argu-
ment adduced in favor of the  re-establishment
of a National Bank,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
In adverting to the history of the old United
States Bank, he showed that it commenced in fraud,
and said it was no wonder it shoe Id end in ruin.
| He reminded the committee that a great portion of
the stock was purchased by men who, after their
,   names were set down, immediately borrowed mo.
I ney from the Bank to pay for that stock—thus
| paying in the capital in the notes of the Bank itself.
I  He also showed from authentic sources that instead
j   of that institution acting as a regulator, at one pe-
, riod specie was selling at its own doors at a pre-
mium.
In ths course of his remarks, Mr. H. flanked his
position against the Bank, by some pointed ex-
tracts from a speech of Mr. Webster in 1816 in
favor of a system of hard currency, etc. and who
said "the sooner that system was adopted the bet-
ter." He also caused to be read extracts of a si-
milar character irom speeches of Mr. Senator
Rives in 1834, strongly recommending the measure,
but who somehow had since wheeled round, and
was now attacking the system with all his might.
He, Mr. H. would not pretend to say what were
the causes which produced this great change. Per-
haps there were some private griefs, or disappointed
expectations which bad an agency in the matter.
Mr. H. then illustrated the disastrous results of
tbe continued expansions and contractions of the
currency under the banking system, and the injuri-
ous effects such a system produced on the laboring
classes. [His remarks will hereafter appear in
full.]
Mr. JENIFER then took the floor in opposition
to the bill. He had not concluded at half past two
o'clock, when the House took its usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess, the House again resolved itself
into a Committee of the Whole, Mr. Banks in the
Chair, on the
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
Mr. JENIFER being entitled to the floor, re-
sumed his remarks, expressing his intention to op-
pose the bill. Before proceeding to do so, Mr. J.
commenced an examination of the political course
of several members of tbe House in relation to
the bill. Among others, he referred to the course
of Mr. Black of Georgia.
Mr. J. was repeatedly and loudly called to order
by several members for irrelevancy in introducing
papers, etc. having no connection with the subject
under debate.
Mr. J. contended that the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Black] had been permitted to allude
to the course of Col. Gamble, and that he had not
been called to order for so doing.
Mr. BLACK stated that, in his reference to Col.
Gamble on a former day, he was strictly in or-
der, as he was showing the vote of that gentleman
on the Sub-Treasury bill of Mr. Gordon in 1834.
Mr. JENIFER then proceeded to make further
allusions to the course of Mr. B. in relation to the
bill under debate, when
Mr. BLACK rose and said that, if the commit-
tee permitted the gentleman from Maryland to at-
tack his course on the Sub-Treasury bill, he trusted,
as a matter of justice, he would be permitted to
reply.
Mr. PETRIK1N called Mr. B. to order.
The CHAIR wished to know whether th gen-
tleman from Maryland yielded the floor to the gen-
tleman from Georgia.
Mr. JENIFER replied tbat he had yielded the
floor to the gentleman for the purpose of explana-
tion.
Mr. BLACK said, no, not for explanation. My
course needs no explanation. What I wish is, an
opportunity to reply. I have no explanation to
make; but I have a reply.
After some debate, of a conversational charac-
ter, Mr. Black resumed his seat, stating, however,
that, at the close of the remarks of the gentleman
from Maryland, he should demand, as an act of
justice, an opportunity to reply to the attack.
Mr. JENIFER then resumed his remark"?, and
proceeded to make some allusions to the conduct of
certain gentlemen who had attended a meeting at
Bladensburg, in his State, on Saturday last, for the
purpose of enlightening the people, &c. He was j
understood to regret that those gentlemen had not j
given him notice of the meeiin?, that he might have
extended to them the hospitality of his State. He
however, gave them an invitation to meet biat
there on the 4th of July.
| The remarks of Mr. J. were delivered in so lo 
i( a tone, that the Reporter was unable to compre.
' i hend their import, in many cases. Mr. J. was un.
1 (  derstood to charge that some of those who attended
i the above meeting had uttered "base calumnies,"
'i <fcc.
, Mr. HOPKINS explained, that he, for one, had
attended the meeting by invitation. It was the
firot time he had ever been there, and he found
some very clever, warm-hearted people. Mr. H.
then asked Mr. J. to state whether he applied the
charge to all who attended, or whether he made any
exception.
Mr. JENIFER wa« understood to disclaim
having any allusion to Mr. H. and made some fur-
ther remarks in relation to others, which it was inv-
i possible to hear.
Mr. J. then referred to the speech of Mr. Strong
! as published in last evenm?';, "Globe," on which
he appeared desirou* to make some comments. He
begged first to ask Mr. S. vhether there was any
thing in the speech, as published, which was not
delivered in the House.
Mr. STRONG exnldined that when, on a former
day, he was addressing the committee, he was
called to order by the Chair. In publishing his
speech, he had inserted what he intended to have
said before he was so called to order. Also, that
he had inserted those portions of >h* speech in such
a way, that there would be no difficulty in perceiv-
ing how 'he case stood.    He wished to know if the
,  gentleman from Maryland was answtred.
Mr. JENIFER then wishtd Mr. Strong to in-
form him, whether the following portion of his
speech was delivered in the House or not.
" This lesson throws a broad and strong light on
the future. The view it affords is full of encou-
ragement to the fiiends of popular liberty. It
shows them that the people will act honestly and
intelligently; that they will treat the "log cabin
and hard cider" flummeries and fooleries of the
Opposition with the scorn and the contempt they
merit. It presents to their admiring gaze the entire
and total rout and overt'orow in the coming con-
test of the combined factions of Abolitionism, Coa-
seivati'm, political Antimasoiry, and Federalism,
and the brilliant victory of Van Buren and Demo-
¡ cracy."
j      Mr. STRONG replied in the afiirmative, and
I ¡  that it was the concluding paragraph ef his speech.
II       Mr. JENIFER was then understood as express-
1 ing his intention to proceed in the discussion of
,   Abolitionism, etc.
The CHAIR decided that Mr. J. was out of or-
Í der, on the ground that the discussion of Aboli-
' i tionism, Conservatism, political Antimasonry, and
! log cabin and hard cider, was irrelevant to the sub-
1  ject under debate.
i From this decision Mr. JENIFER, after making
some remarks not distinctly heard, took an appeal.
; The CHAIR then stated the ground of his deci-
sion, wh'ch was, that the gentleman from Mary-
land was going on to discuss Abolitionism, hard
cider, log cabins, etc- because the gentleman from
New Yerk had put those words into his speech,
and that such a discussion would be out of order.
Some conversation here took place between Mr.
STRONG and the CHAIR, on the subject of the
paragraph alluded to.
Mr. STRONG explained that the words there
used had been delivered in the House, but were the
concluding sentences of his speech, (which proba-
bly accounts for his not being called to order, as be-
fore the Chair could have risen, Mr. S. had re-
sumed his seat.)
The CHAIR then informed the gentleman from
Maryland that he could not be permitted to proceed
in the discussion of such subjects.
The question being on the appeal—
Mr. BARNARD rose for the puVpose of pro-
pounding a question to the Chair as to the state of
the lads.   His question was simply whether, be-
cause the gentleman from Maryland was not going
' on to say something about Abolitionism, on tbe
