48?
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
holding them up to the country, he would leave to
the House to determine. What was it to he
gentleman from Maryland how he acted when
a member of the Legislature of Mississippi? What
«as it to the gentleman if he voted a thousand
times for post notes! It was the business of none
but the people of Mississippi, and they had proved
their satisfaction by giving him increased majori-
ties at his elections.
Mr. BLACK here rose and appealed to the
courtesy of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Allen]
to permit him to reply to the attack made upon
him by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Je-
nifer.]
Mr. ANDREWS objected, and called Mr. B.
to order.
The CHAIR stated that the gentleman from
Ohio was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLACK. I am aware of that, and I appeal
to the courtesy of that gentleman to allow me to
repel the attack which has been made upon me by
the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. ANDREWS contended that it was not in
the power of the gentleman from Ohio to yield the
floor, without losing it himself.
Mr. BLACK, with much vehemence, asked if the
House would not give him an opportunity to reply
to the unjust attack which had been made upon
him.
Here a scene of great confusion arose, and Mr.
Black persisted in urging his request for an oppor-
tunity to repel the attack, amidst loud cries of
"order," "go on," etc.
The CHAIR having restored order, stated that,
as objection was made, the gentleman from Geor-
gia must resume his seat.
Mr. BLACK did so, remonstrating however at
the want of courtesy in those gentlemen who ob-
jected to afford him a chance to reply.
A motion was then made that the committee
rise, and tellers being ordered, the vote was—ayes
63, noes 63.
The Chair voted in the negative. So the mo 
tion was rejected.
Mr. ALLEN then commenced his remarks, and
continued until 8 o'clock in opposition to the bill,
when he gave way to a motion that the committee
rise; which motion prevailed.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, June 24,1840.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judicary,
reported
A bill to amend the act "approved May 13,1800,
entitled " an act to amend an act, entitled an act to
establish the judicial courts of the United States,"
and
A bill to authorize the stereotyping, printing, and
publishing of a complete edition of the laws of the
United States, and the distribution thereof;
which were severally read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. MOUTON, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill confirming the claim
of the heirs of Antonio Gras to a tract of land in
Louisiana.
The joint resolution in addition to a joint resolu-
tion authorizing certain certificates to be cancelled
and re-issued;
The bill for the relief of the sureties or Archi-
bald Sneed, deceased; and
The bill for  the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States, and for other purposes,
were severally read a third time, and passed.
GENERAL ORDERS.
The bill further supplemental to an act entitled
"an act to abolish imprisonment for debt in certain
cases," passed February 24, 1839, after being dis-
missed by Messrs. WALL, KNIGHT, and TALL-
MADGE;
The bill to enable the United States to discharge
liens and incumbrances upon any real estate which
now is, or hereafter may become, the property of the
United States, after being debated by Messrs.
WALL, DAVIS, CALHOUN, and BUCHA-
NAN;
were severally ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill to regulate the legal proceedings, and to
provide for the more speedy trial of causes in the
Circuit Court of the United States for the District of
Missouri, was discussed by Messrs. WALL, KING,
WALKER, and SMITH of Indiana, and amended
by striking out the additional compensation; and af-
ter some further remarks by Messrs. KING and
LINN, it was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the bill for the
bill for the relief of Auguste Davezac, William D.
Jones and Nathaniel Niles, was considered as in
committee of the whole, and ordered to be engross-
ed for a third reading.
SYSTEM OP BANKRUPTCY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to establish'a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the United States.
Mr. HUBBARD moved-in Senate the amend-
ment rejected in committee, compelling the debtor to
become bankrupt if on his arrest or imprison-
ment he should not procure .bail or security in 40
days.
After a few remarks by Mr. KING, showing that
this amendment might operate oppressively, it was
Withdrawn by the mover.
Some minor amendments having been made on
motion by Mr. Williams and Mr. Wall-
Mr. WALL moved the compulsory bankruptcy of
a debtor in case he should declare himself to be in-
solvent.
The amendment was rejected by—ayes 8, noes
not counted.
* Mr. WALKER asked if the Senator from New
York (Mr. Wright) would consent to change the
time when the bill would go into operation from the
fourth of March to the first of January or February,
assigning as a reason for the request that, in a parti-
cular district in Mississippi, the postponement to the
fourth of March, would in effect postpone the time
several months longer. To save the trouble of vot-
ing, &c. Mr. W. would now agree to the first of
February, if none objected, though he should much
prefer the first of January, and should move that
time, if it should be necessary to make a motion at
all.
Mr. WRIGHT, 'after a few remarks as to a
point of order, said he could not consent to this
request.
Mr. WALKER now moved to reconsider the
vote by which the fourth of March was fixed as
the day when the bill should go into operation.
This motion was carried in the affirmative, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Calhoun, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Hender-
son, Huntington, King, Knight, Merrick, Mouton,
Nicholas, Norvell, Phelps, Porter, Ruggles, Smith
of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, Walker, Web-
ster, and Young—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Brown, Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Dixon, Fulton, Hubbard, Linn, Lump-
kin, Pierce, Prentiss, Robinson, Smith of Con-
necticut, Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wall, Wil-
liams, and Wright—19.
Mr. WRIGHT now moved the first of Febru-
ary, Mr. WALKER the first of January, and
Mr. HENDERSON the first day of December
next.
After an irregular conversation on order, pre-
cedence, and a renewal of the compromise at first
proposed by Mr. Walker—
Mr. KING said it was in order to vote for the
fourth of March, which was the question to be
reconsidered; and that day was rejected, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Clay of
Alabama, Cuthbert, Dixon, Fulton, Hubbard, Linn,
Lumpkin, Pierce, Prentiss, Roane, Robinson,
Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Wall, Williams, aud Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis,
Henderson, Huntington, King, Knight, Merrick,
Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Phelps, Porter, Pres-
ton, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tall-
madge, Walker, and Webster—24.
Mr. WALKER now moved the 1st of January,
and Mr. WRIGHT the 1st of February; and, af-
ter a short conversation, precedence was understood
to fall on Mr. Wright's motion, as an amendment
to the motion of Mr. Walker.
And, accordingly, the 1st of February next was
fied as the day when the bill should go into ope-
ration, by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Dixon,
Fulton, Hubbard, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Pierce,
Prentiss, Roane, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut,
Strange,    Sturgeon,   Tappan,  Wall,   Williams
Wright, and Young—25.                                        '
Y AYS—Messrs. Anderson, Clay of Kentucky
Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Henderson, Hunting!
ton, Knight, Merrick, Nicholas, Norvell, PhelpS)
Porter, Preston, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, South,
ard, Tallmadge, Walker, Webster and White—21.
The operation of the bill being limited to two
years,
Mr. DIXON moved to strike out this limitation,
leaving the time indefinite. He said there might be
occasion for legislation, where a limited period of
time for the existence of a law would be very pro-
per; when, for instance, the law was to remedy a
mere temporary or partial evil. But a law that was
intended as the commencement of a permanent na-
tional system, regulating finally the great relation
of debtor and creditor, and that, too, in pursuance of
a constitutional provision of the Federal Govern-
ment, he could not but deem su**h a limitation unne-
cessary, to say the Wst of it, inasmuch as Con-
gress could at any session repeal the law, when-
ever that repeal might be daemed expedient. It
might be harmless enough lor a man to make bar-
gains with himself, and prescribe limitation for his
own action, because, while in the exercise of free
agency, he could enforce or cancel them at plea-
sure, without the imputation of bad faith, and so a
Legislature in many matters may limit their acts
of legislation to a given period of time, which
they can always control. But, in relation to this
subject, this limitation would be worse than useless;
it will give to the intention of this law an inauspi-
cious character. It will be considered that the
makers of it, instead ot forming a law for a per-
manent bankrupt system, have only intended it as
a mere temporary relief law, for a particular class—
as a mere sponge to wipe out the old scores of the
present insolvent debtors. All will admit that
ought not to be the only object of the law, although
it would be among its very desirable ends. It has
been supposed that this effort for a bankrupt law
was made as another experiment for that system of
bankruptcy authorized by the Constitution, and con-
templated from the commencement of the Govern-
ment. But is two years a fair proportion of time
for such an experiment 1 It will be long
enough to show its imperfections and its abuses;
for all new systems are obnoxious to abuse, and
in their first operations develope their latent defects.
But it is said the law can be extended. That
may happen; but it is more probable that such
will be the use made of it as to render it unpo-
pular, and put an end to further legislation on
that subject. The doubt that will be entertained
of any extension of the law, or the passage of
any other law on the subject, will enrol thou-
sands on the bankrupt calendar. When the pe-
riod of this bankrupt law is drawing to a close,
many a man who might get on well enough in
business would begin to reflect on his chances of
fortune some time hence, and calling to mind
the sufferings of the insolvent debtor when there
is no bankrupt law, would seize the opportunity
as it passed. The prompt and watchful spirit
that pervades this country marks the periods of
time when self-interest may be best promoted, and
when self-preservation can be best secured. What
course do men adopt when statutes of limitation
are passed'? Cutting off State demands of any
other law of limitation, do you not see a general
movement to come within the lawl Do you not
see your dockets enlarged with cases, and your
courts of law filled with suitors'? All act upon
the maxim of making hay while the sun shines.
Thus you will see men in crowds moving for the
bankrupt law. Some upon the voluntary princi-
ple will rush into it, while others upon the co-
ercive principle are thrust into it. All, for aught
I know, may be very appropriate subjects, for 11
am only speaking of the effects it will have on
the fate of the experiment. This will be the pe-
riod when the public will have the subject under
consideration, and the long list of bankrupts will
be alarming, bring the system into public odium,
and there will be an end of bankrupt laws.
Would the people of this country be in favor of
this law if they supposed nothing more was in-
tended than two years'use of if? The adoption of
this system involves sacrifices; it contravenes a salu-
tary maxim of legislation; it is retrospective in its
operation on past contracts now outstanding; it adds
another change in business relations, to the incon-
venience of a people already worn down with
changes; it gives a new character to the relation of
