i> i.■.'atan 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
tebtorandereditoT; all which would be borne, and
cheerfully torne, to secvfre the desirable end of a
permanent bankrupt system. Rut, a two years'
regulation of an abiding evil would only seive to
confuse rather than regulate the relations of business.
It'would, to be sure, relieve many useful and de-
serving men from the bondage of their indebtedness,
whose efforts are now paralyzed, and who are enti-
tled to this relief. But the condition of the present
Hassot insolvent debtors is not the only considera-
tion' which should govern in forming this bill. And
whatever lirriitation gives rise to jealousy—that it is
a mere temporary relief law—will render the law
unpopular, and destroy all hope of any permanent
system.
Mr. D's motion to strike out the limitation was
negatived as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Dixon, Henderson,
Knight, Merrick, Mouton, Phelps, Porter, Ruggles,
Southard, Strange, Tallmadge, White—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Clayton, Crit-
tenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Fulton, Hubbard, Hunting-
ton, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Nicholas, Norvell,
Pierc* Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Robinson, Smith
of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Walk-
er, Wall, Webster, Williams, Wright, Young—32.
After a minor amendment, moved by Mr. Crit-
TEXDKN—
Mr. WALL moved to insert a requisition that
notice, personal or by letter, of any bankruptcy un-
der this bill should be given, when practicable, to
all the creditors.
This amendment, after a few remarks by Mr
W. for it, and by Mr. CRITTENDEN against it!
was agreed to as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Clay
of Alabama, Dixon, Pulton, Hubbard, King, Linn,
Lumpkin, Nicholas, Pierce, Prentiss, Roane, Ro-
binson, Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Sturgeon
Tappan, Wall, William, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Henderson, Knight,
Merrick, Norvell Phelps, Porter, Preston, Rug-
gles, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge
Walker, Webster and White—19.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed by
yeas and nays as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Henderson, Hunting-
ton, Knight, Merrick, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell,
Phelps, Porter, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, Tallmadge, Walker, Webster, White, Wil-
liams.   Wright, and Young—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Cuthbert, Fulton, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin,
Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Robinson, Smith
of Connecticut, Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan, and
Wall—23.
The Senate, having held an Executive session,
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, June 24,1840.
Mr. BOTTS observed that he understood that
now, after the lapse of ten days, the record of the
trial of Lieutenant Hooe before a court martial was
returned from the Department, and was now on the
Speaker's table; he called for its presentation to the
House, that it might be read.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked if he was to under-
stand the Chair as potting the question then.
Mr. BOTTS said, no; ne himself raised the ques-
tion, and he wished the documents to be presented
to the House.
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected to any communica-
tion of the kind being taken np out of the regular
order of business. He had not the slightest objec-
tion to the presentation of the documents in the
regular order, when the Speaker should ask leave
to present the documents on his table; but he did ob-
ject to any particular document being called up
from the rest, by any member.
Mr. BOTTS said he had been charged with send-
ing poison through the country, and he now wished
to embrace the first opportunity of furnishing the
antidote; and if objection was made, he would move
a suspension of the rules, in order that the commu-
nication might now be received by the House, and
read.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he had no objection,
provided the Speaker presented the documents in
regular order.
Mr. PETRIKIN said: I object during the morn-
ing hour.   It would interfere with the reports o¿
committees!.   After that, he would have no objec-
tion.
Mr. GRAVES and others demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered.
Mr. JONES of Virginia inquired whether Mr.
Borre moved that the rules be suspended during the
morning hour onfy, or generally.
Mr. BOTTS said he would modify his motion to
the morning hour only.
The question being taken, the yeas hüá nays re-
sulted as follows: Yeas 145, nays 25.
So the rules were suspended during the morning
hour.
The CHAIR then laid before the House a com-
i munication from the Navy Department, containing
the proceedings of a court martial at Pensacola, sum-
moned for the trial of Lieut,. Hooe, together with the
approval thereof by the Secretary of the Navy,
Lieut. Hooe's protest and memorial to'tte President,
and certain remarks of the Secretary in defence of
his course in approving the sentence, together with
a legal opinion of the United States District Attor-
ney, Francis S. Key.
The reading having proceeded for some time—
Mr. BOTTS interrupted the reading, and (with
much anxiety and surprise depicted in his counte-
nance) said: Mr. Speaker, that is not the document
expected, and which was called for under the reso-
lution of the House.   It was one which had never
been shown to him.    It seemed to be a defence of
the Administration.    Is that the document, Mr.
Speaker?
The SPEAKER.   I do not know.
[A considerable buzz now prevailed in the hall;
and evident surprise and disappointment, if not
mortification, were depicted in the countenances of
those who instigated the call for the document.
There was much undertone conversation, and a
confounded thinking:  some of the exclamations
were sufficiently audible to enable the Reporter to
catch them—such as, "It is a defence of the Presi-
dent and Secretary!"   "It is not what was expect-
ed!"   "The preamble and resolutions would have
answered a much better purpose!"   "The thing
should not have been pressed after the motion to
suspend the rules for the reception of the preamble
and resolution."   That was the point on which to
rest it.   Considerable confusion.   Cries from the
friends of the Administration, and accompanied by
some laughter, at the apparent chagrin and asto-
nishment expressed by those who introduced the
preamble and resolution. "Read on! read on! that
is the identical document! that is a part of the pro-
ceedings called for—it embraces all."   Considera-
ble conversation in the undercurrent, by the friends
of the Administration, (who appeared to be much
pleased,) of which the Reporter caught the words:
"He is caught in his own trap! not so much politi-
cal capital as was expected!"   "No go!"   "How
impolitic to try to make capital out of everything!"
"The Lieutenant will not thank him."   "It must be
printed!"   "It puts a new face on the circumstan-
ces!"   Many other things were heard, which the
Reporter will not give.]
The document was read through.
A number of gentlemen rose simultaneously.
Mr. THOMPSON  of Mississippi, moved to
refer this communication to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and on that motion he demanded the j
previous question.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON called for the read-
ing of the documents accompanying the commu-
nication.
They were read accordingly. The reading hav-
ing proceeded some time—
Mr. RHETT moved to suspend the reading, but
it was objected to, as against the rule; and Mr. R.
did not press the motion.
The reading then proceeded.
Mr. BOTTS. That is not the record of the trial;
that is a defence of the Administration.
The SPEAKER. The record is here, and will
now be read.
The reading of the record of the trial was then
commenced; but before it was concluded, the morn-
ing hour expired.
Mr. JONES moved to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, but temporarily
withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. CRABB of Alabama, who moved a recon-
sideration of the decision of the House made yes-
terday to receive and place in the Library of Con-
gress a copy of Raymond's Political Economy.
Having examined that book, Mr. C. had discover-
ed that it contained doctrine and language highly
exceptionable to him as a Southern man, aad which
he believed came within the rule on the subject of
Abolition; in case of reconsideration, he wished to
move the reference of the book to the Committee
on the Library, in order that it might be examined
and reported on to save the time of the House.
Mr. TURNEY demanded the previous question
on the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded, put, and
carried; and the main question being on recon-
sidering—
Mr. JAMES demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
TSAt, ADAMS rose amidst cries of "order," and
was going on to express his surprise at the motion
of the gentletwan from Alabama, and to give some
account of the book, when he was arrested by the
Chair.
Mr. A. remonstrated.                    *
The CHAIR insisted that^he could not proceed
but by general consent.
Objections were loudly uttered.
Mf. LINCOLN said that unless his colleague
should be permitted to proceed, and give the House
some account of the book, Mr. L. should demand
that the book itself be read.
Mr. TURNEY inquired if it was in order to
ask for the reading of the book on the motion to re-
consider.
Mr. LINCOLN demanded that the book be
read.
The CHAIR decided that as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Lincoln] was called to vote
respecting this book, he had a right, under the
rules of the House, to have it read, if he so de-
manded/
Great confusion arose.
Mr. HABERSHAM, Mr. TURNEY, Mr. AN-
DREWS, ]*lr, HOPKINS, and others, were on
their feet, all simultaneously addressing the Chair.
Mr. HOPKINS called for the reading of the rule
of the House, and also oí Jefferson's Manual on
the question of order.                                .
Mr. ANDREWS inquired if it was not in order
for the gentleman from Massachusetts to make an
explanation.
The CHAIR said it was not, except by leave of
the House.
Mr. LINCOLN wished to explain, but the Chair
refused, the previous question having been ordered.
The CHAIR then stated his decision, and ex-
plained the grounds on which it rested.
Mr. HOPKINS took an appeal; but before any
vote was taken on the appeal-
Mr. RAMSAY moved to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Mr. CRAB wished to explain, but was arrested.
The question being stated from the Chair—
Mr. ADAMS addressed the House.   [Loudcries
of order.]   The gentleman from Alaba-----
The CHAIR called to order.
The gentleman from Alabama has undertaken
[order, order] to be grand inquisitor for this House;
to speak [order] its opinion on a certain book.
[Here the cries of order were very loud, and the
Chair ordered Mr. Adams to resume his seat.]
The question being again stated-
Mr. CRABB demanded the yeas and nays, but
the House refused to order them.
The vote being taken, the CHAIR declared it to
be decided in the affirmative.
Mr. CRABB remonstrated, declaring that he had
demanded a count.
Mr. NAYLOR inquired of the Chair whether
the whole subject was laid on the table, it would
take the book out of the library, and place it on the
table.
The CHAIR replied, no.
The question was again put, and the House oi.
vidine, the ayes were 123, the noes 30.          „,v,„„t
So the House determined that the whole subject
should be laid on the table.                                .
Mr. CRABB rose and stated to the Chair that
he had, previously to the last vote, demanded that
one chapter of the book of Mr. Raymond be. read
to the House.              ,   ,   .,    v j v j v„„^  ,„
The CHAIR replied that he had had heard no
such demand.                                     .,^_„t j-,
Mr. CRABB now, under much <™*%^£Z
manded the reading of the chapter, that *e base
Hbd of this author onthe South **$***$?'%£
[Here the fl^^^LJ^Sa^S
contmumg to speak wiAr^re^dm           ^^
52SK 5^2£&&*~ * V™"*
the hall.
