486
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Hon of power to the latter; and, on the other hand,
the latter is to be conceded on the condition of
that special benefit to the former. It seems to me,
sir, that if either -would be wrong, and publicly-
mischievous singly, because of the peculiar state
of the country, that the two united will certainly
augment the measure of injury. I am unable to
understand the philosophy of this subject in any
other way. It has been contended that neither,
alone, ought to be adopted; if so, a compromise,
by which both may be efficient, must therefore, I
think, add a double force to the objection that lies
against this great experiment.
Sir, I would address Senators, in the language
of Mr. Burke, when he wrote to his constituents,
with whom he had differed: "I would appeal
from the opinions which you now have, to
the opinions which you will have five years
hence." From the present excitement, to the
practical results which we are now preparing,
and whan every other influence will have passed
away, except that experience which will then
come home to the feeling and observation of all
men!
The policy of this measure may be partly esti-
mated by the amount of debt which exists in the
country, and upon a large portion of which it will
be immediately directed.   It is probably a fair cal-
culation, that the mercantile debt owed by that por-
tion of the country which is now within the range
of the suspended banks, is equal to one hundred
millions of dollars.   Of this, 1 understand the com-
putation for the city of New York alone to be up-
wards of sixty millions.   The remainder may be
divided between Philadelphia and Baltimore.   This
debt is to be extinguished in two methods; by the
voluntary act of the bankrupt, and by the compul-
sory process which you give to the hand  of the
creditor.   The contracts were made in a period of
the highest prices and a swollen currency.   That
currency has been reduced by the curtailment of
the banks, and with their action has fallen the price
of wages and of property.   They were the primary
causes of the first, as they have been of the last;- and
although over one-half of the nation they are now
suspended, and refusing to pay their own notes in
specie, the utmost extent of their paper currency is
not more than one hundred millions of dollars—not
equal to  the precious metals which they have
driven into retreat.   It is in this state of things that
you propose this measure of voluntary and compul-
sory bankruptcy.   And, sir, to whom have you
given that power of coercion, upon mere petition,
without being verified upon  oath! without even
the right of traversing the question of fraud by a
trial by jury, until after the decree is entered up—
until after the blow is struck!   We most graciously
propose to bestow it upon those very banks, as
well as  upon   individuals—the banks,  to whom
we have  oeen told,  in this   debate,  that there
is a sum of four hundred and sixty millions of
dollars owed by the citizens of the United. States.
They are tobe brought into the great field of action,
and to become the potent competitors in the general
work of ruin and distress.   Are we prepared for
a scene like this'}   One vast scene of disaster, of
which no man can tell the end?   One wide, deep,
and lasting excitement.     Sir, the  country will
stand aghast at the practical march of this measure,
with its train of clients, of debts, of agents, of
assignees, of lawyers, of courts of power, and of
patronage!   And who will reap the harvest!   Most
surely, not the creditors!   What is the experience
of those who bore a part in the administration of the
bankrupt act of eighteen hundred!   I have before
me the testimony of one whose talents and character
entitle his opinions to the highest respect.   I am not
disposed to surrender a question of this magnitude
to the mere authority of names; but Mr. Tazewell oí
Virginia delivered this testimony in the Senate, upon
the debate on the bankrupt bill in eighteen hundred
and twenty-seven, and spoke of that which he
personally knew, and which no man will venture
to controvert, and which I have no doubt, upon ex-
amination, will be found to be sustained by the facts
that transpired in almost every State of the Union.
I beg leave, sir, to read his statement.   He says:
"When the former bankrupt law was in existence,
he resided in a seaport town, and was engaged in al-
most every caseofbankruptcy that occurred during
its operation; and he could assure the Senate that
he never knew a solitary case, in which the creditor
obtained one cent.   The debtors had often large
estates—there was a large amount of property some-
where; but by the time it had been filtered through
the hands of the assignees, of the commissioners,
and their deputies, and agents, and this, and that,
and the ether officer, appointed to act upon it, nota
fraction was left for the creditor. The whole had
been absorbed in its progress." And such, sir,
I have no doubt, will be the progress of this measure,
i a the contact and process of agents and of courts.
There is another consideration connected with
this subject, which, I think, is entitled to some
weight, and ought to be felt, at least by those who
complain of the expenditures of this Government.
The total sum which will, in all probability, be ex-
tinguished, either by payment or discharge, cannot
fall much short of two hundred millions of dollars.
The number of bankrupts will be, perhaps, not
less than two hundred thousand. I have heard it
estimated to be much greater. Be this as it may, it
is very certain that your courts, as at present con-
stituted, cannot possibly execute the immense mass
of business—the almost endless suits, in addition
to the separate cases of bankruptcy, which will be
cast upon them. It is true that this bill provides that
they shall be considered as always open to applica-
tions under the act, but their number is too few to
enable them to go through but a small portion of the
causes. You will be compelled to increase the
number of your judges, and subdivide your present
districts, or to create a special set of commissioners,
for the sole purpose of executing this law. Let
those who are the special friends of this measure, be
prepared to take also this responsibility. It will be
found to be one of no inconsiderable magnitude.
The period now fixed, at which it is to take effect,
is the first of February next. Why not then post-
pone any legislation until the next session of Con-
gress, as we shall have, in the interval, the oppor-
tunity of returning to our constituents, and consult-
ing them upon a subject scarcely inferior in impor-
tance to any which may require their consideration'?
Or is it possible that the anxiety to pass this bill
will not brook delay! Sir, that delay would bring
back upon us the judgment which may reverse the
decision which we are probably this day to make.
Mr. President, I fear it is m vain to hope for
the defeat of this measure. But, sir, I think it
would have been prudent, in the midst of the pre-
sent excitement and pressure, to have trusted a lit-
tle longer to the forbearar.ee and magnanimity of
the creditor, to the honesty, the industry, and the per-
severance of the debtor. In Tennessee, sir, like
every other portion of this Union, we are considera-
bly in debt; and although we cannot pay to-day,or to-
morrow,or next day, we are essentially a solvent and
a paying people. We want no sponging retroac-
tion—but will, in the end, with few exceptions, pay
the last cent for which we are liable. But establish
th:s law, and though it may cast the sunshine of
hope upon the path of many a worthy and unfortu-
nate man, who is bent beneath the barden of his
disasters, it will just as surely overshadow with
misfortune others of equal merit, who would,
if undisturbed, pass triumphantly through the im-
pending calamities. For every bankrupt it may
relieve, the very moral, as w«U as compulsory
power of its provisions will follow, pari passu, to
add its victim to that object of your mercy. The
very mercy of this twofold system will stimu-
late the fears of the creditor, who will
most naturally avail himself of every advan-
tage «gainst the debtor, whom the law has
armed with the choice of his own fortunes,
and we shall exhibit the great national spectacle
of fierce passions and private plunder, overruling
the mastery of every nobler feeling, under the influ-
ence of such temptations as few can resist, and
the impulse of such a revolution as none can stay.
Instead of being a measure to cure the evils under
which we are suffering, it will propagate bank-
ruptcies with a prolific hand. Whatever may be
the theory of gentlemen upon this subject, however
they may expect to bring peace, hop , and joy to
the bosom of the ruined, there is another side
of this picture, upon which the statesman cannot
look without apprehension and doubt; it is where
those are to be teen on whom ruin will be brought.
The law will take its course. The fears and cupi-
dity of men will sweep over the land in one deep
and rapid stream! No industry, no integrity, no
perseverance, no probable prospect of success can
arrest it. I would that we could pause before we
adopt this terrible and delusive measure. There
is nothing in the history of the past to assure us of
the wisdom of the step we are about to take.
If the Constitution contemplates such a measure
as this for the protection of commerce, our pros-
perity, for nearly forw years, is proof that it is not
demanded. It is saia to have this basis for its po-
licy in England, but with all her advantages, and
the aid of its protection and encouragement, we
have advanced many per cent, in the proportion of
the whole, beyond her commercial and navigating
interests. As a permanent measure, it would be
found, as I think, to have no such influence. Even
as a temporary remedy, the power is too dangerous,
and the consequences are too alarming.
Let us pause before we pass this bill. It will
array the North against the South. It will engen-
der a suspicion, a distrust, a deep rooted prejudice,
which can scarcely be obliterated during the quar-
ter of a century. It will be a standard subject of
reference for the guidance and action of the next
generation, and instead of promoting the prosperi-
ty of commerce, I fear it will materially affect its
best interests, particularly by its premature adop-
tion.
Besides all this, the country has not had half time
to right itself—to recover from the stupor of its ex-
travagance—to return to habits of economy—to
make a steady, united, and persevering effort to
pay its debts. Let us, therefore, look not so much
to fear as to hope—to despair as to a firm resolve
to pay—to the forbearance of creditors—to the jus-
tice and industry of debtors. Our countrymen are
full of a noble love, and a noble confidence towards
each other; and it becomes us, as the grave ad-
visers and lawgivers of the land, not to weaken,
discourage, or destroy these sacred relations. We
may rely upon it, sir, public opinion is not fully
ripe foK this measure. The time may come when
it may demand some system of this kind, for relief
and for remedy; but let us not hastily and prema-
turely, at the first alarm, produce a revolution in
our laws, and the laws of twenty-six States, which,
when put into motion, cannot be arrested by a hand
less powerful than our own. Let us not be borne
down by the mental pressure of the moment, but
standing erect, with a wise forecast, ask ourselves
the question, how this will be, after the experiment
has been passed, and the experience of yea's has
sealed its character?
Mr. WALL stated that he had, from the com-
mencement of the debate on this question, had
the strongest desire that the bill should assume such
a shape as would enable him to give it his support,
but in this he had been thwarted; and though no
one could feel more the necessity of passing some
measure for the relief of a large portion of the
community, he could not vote for the bill in its pre-
sent shape. Mr. W. then referred to various mi*-
representations which had been made as to his
course on this bill, and referred particularly to the
printed speech of Mr. Webster, in which his argu-
ments were misstated and misrepresented. Mr.
1 Wibstkr explained, and disavowed any intention
to misrepresent the Senator.]
Mr. W. then proceeded at considerable length
in opposition to the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON said this bill was not such, of
all others, as most challenged his approbation.
Against its compalsory process he could not too
earnestly protest. He disapproved of that feature
in toto, and did not believe it could ever operate
for good. The power of the States, in respect to
the redress of the creditor against his debtor, was
already ample, and in his opinion demanded no
aid from Congress. But, in this opinion, he had
been overruled by a majority of the Senate. He
submitted to that decision from necessity. Bat
this bill contained the essential and salutary power,
the redeeming power, of breaking the prisoner's
chains and setting the captive free—a power which
no State could assert, and this Government alone
could exercise. This consideration alone reconciled
him to the measure: and, In his judgment, over-
balanced the objectionable principles it adopted
and furnished a preponderating apology for the
Federal machinery it necessairily put in operation.
j! He shonld, therefore, vote for the bill.
IJ Mr. YOUNG said he bad examined with great
care the records of the Supreme Court on this sub-
¡ ject, and he had found that, unless Congresa should
1   interfere, a large portion of debtors would be wholly
