CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
487
without remedy. Mr. Y. read some extracts,
which went to ¡-how that, by the exertion of the
whole power of the Slates, there could be no dis-
charge of the bankrupt debtor, except in cases be-
tween citizens of the same State.
The bill was now passed by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Clayton, Davis, Dtxon, Hen-
derson, Huntington, Knight, Mouton, Nicholas,
Norvel', Phelps, Porter, Ruggjss, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Tallmadge, Walker, Webster, White,
JWTjIliams, WrJght, and Young—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen.Anderson, Benton.Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert,
Hubbard, filing, Linn, Lumpkin, Pierce, Hoane,
Robinson, Smith ol Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
and Wall—19.
On motion by Mr. HENDERSON, the Senate
took up the bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to extend further indulgence to the late
deposite banks at Natchez.
Mr. H. moved so to amend the bill as to extend
the time, without interest, provided there should be
like abatement of interest in ratable proportion
among the sufferers by the late tornado, debtors to
said banks.
This amendment was sustained by Messrs. HEN-
DERSON and WALKER; but, before any definite
question was taken, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, June 25, 1840.
Mr. BRIGGS moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland asked the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to withdraw the motion, to
enable him to make a motion to talse up the bill for
rechartering the banks in the District of Columbia.
Their charters expire on the 4th of July, and it was
important that the bill should be acted on immedi-
ately. If the House would agree to take up the
bill, he would be willing that a silent vote should be
taken on its passage. He would refrain from mak-
ing a speech himself, and move the previops ques-
tion on its passage.
Cries of no! no!   I object!
Mr. JOHNSON moved to suspend the rules, for
thepurpose of considering the bill.
The SPEAKER said that there was one motion
to suspend the rules for another purpose pending,
which must have precedence.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that when the morning
hour expired on yesterday, the House was in the
midst of the reading¡of the documents andproceed-
ings in relation to the trial of Lieutenant Hooe; he
hoped that the rules would not be suspended till that
subject was disposed of.
Mr. BRIGGS said it would take two hours to
read the proceedings of that court martial through,
and could not yield his motion.
Mr. CUSHING demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules, which having
been ordered, were—yeas 82, nays 50.
Mr. McKAY hoped the House would by general
consent agree to suspend the reading of the docu-
ment containing the proceedings of the court
martial in the case of Lieutenant Hooe, and have
the same printed.
Mr. CUSHING objected.
Mr. McKAY gave notice that he intended to
move a resolution for the printing of that document
on to-morrow.
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
The House then resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Banks in
the chair, and resumed the consideration of the
Independent Treasury bill.
Mr. SERGEANT being entitled to the floor, re-
sumed his remarks from last evening in opposition
to the bill, and in favor of a National Bank. He
concluded at half past one, p. m.
Mr. HASTINGS of Ohio then took the floor, and
spoke until the recess in favor of the bill, and in an
able refutation of the arguments which had been
urged against it. His remarks will appear in full
hereafter.
EVENING SESSION.
After tin6 recess
Mr. HASTINGS of Ohio resumed, and con-
eluded his remarks in support of the bill.
Mr. COST JOHNSON then took the floor, and
spoke un*il a quarter past eight in opposition to the
bill, and in support of a substitute he intended to
offer.
Mr. McCARTY followed, but immediately gave
way to
Mr. MONROE, who moved that the committee
rise.
On that motion tellers were ordered, and the vote
was—ayes 39, noes 67; no quorum.
The committee then rose, and the Chair reported
that fact to the House, whereupon,
Mr. HOFFMAN moved to adjourn, on which
motion the yeas and nays being ordered, were—
yeas 41, nays 65.
So the House refused to adjourn.
After an ineffectual motion for a call of the
House,
Mr. TILLINGHAST said, as the House refused
to order the call, he would renew the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. DUNCAN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas
47, nays 62.
So the motion was negatived.
Mr. McCARTY, wishing to defer his remarks
until morning, having yielded the floor to Mr. An-
drews,
Mr. RHETT hoped'that, by general consent, the
House would go again into committee, as he under-
stood the gentleman from Kentucky was willing to
go on and conclude his speech that evening.
Several gentlemen objected to going into commit-
tee without a quorum.
After some debate of a conversational charac-
ter, a call of the House was again demanded and
ordered.
Mr. CURTIS moved to adjourn, on which mo-
tion the yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were—yeas 37, nays 74.
So the House refused to adjourn.
A call of the House having been previously or-
dered, the roll was called, when 111 members an-
swered to their names.
The names of the absentees were then called,
after which 126 members appeared within the bar.
A quorum now appearing,
The House again resolved itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. ANDREWS then took the floor, and "pro-
ceeded to say that he was elected a whole figure
tariff man, an advocate of a National Bank, and a
distributor of the surplus revenue arising from the
sales of the public lands. After telling the commit-
tee how the old United States Bank was " mur-
dered," he went on to show why he preferred a
similar institution to the present bill.
He concluded at a quarter past ten o'clock.
The committee then rose, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Fridat, June 26,1840.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted a report
from the Secretary of the Treasury, enclosing the
annual statement of the commerce and navigation
of the United States for the year ending September
30,1839; which was laid on the table, and the
usual number of extra copies ordered to be printed.
We copy the following abstract of the contents
of this document, from the letter of the Register to
the Secretary of the Treasury:
The imports during the year have amounted to
$162,092,132, of which there was imported in Ame-
rican vessels $143,874,252, and in foreign vessels
#18 217,880. The exports during the year have
amounted to #121,028,416, of which #103,533,891
were of domestic, and #17,494,525 of foreign arti-
cles. Of the domestic articles, #82,127,514 were
exported in American vessels, and #21,406 377 in
foreign vessels. Of the foreign articles, #12,660,434
were exported in American vessels, and #4,834,091
in foreign vessels. 1,491,279 ton3 of American
shipping entered, and 1,477,928 tons cleared from
the ports of the United States. 624,814 tons of fo-
reign shipping entered, and 611,839 tons cleared
daring the same period.
The registered tonnage, as corrected at this office,
is stated at     -          -          -     834,244 54.95
The enrolled and licensed tonnage
at                                            1,153,551 85.95
And fishing vessels at    -          -    108,682 34.95
Tons
2,096,478 81.95
Of the registered and enrolled ton-
nage, amounting, as before sta-
ted, to                                      1,987,796 47.95
There were employed in the whale
fishery            -          .          -    131,845 25.95
The total tonnage of shipping built in the United
States during the year ending  the 30th of Septem-
ber, 1839:                                                   v
Registered       -          -          .        55,065 47.95
Enrolled          -          -          -        65,922 82.95
Tons
120,988 34.95
Mr. BENTON, from ths Committee on Military
Affairs, to which had been referred the bill for the
relief of J. W. Beeson and others, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. BENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported back the papers in relation to the claim of
Wallace and Arthur, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
to which had been referred the claim of J. Mitchell
and J. P. Fox, reported a bill for their relief; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the same com-
mittee was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the memorials of the heirs of Eleazer W.
Ripley, and Mathew J. Ketch.
Mr. NICHOLAS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back the various memorials
which had been referred to said committee in rela-
tion to the employment of blood honnds in Florida,
and moved that said committee be discharged from
the further consideration thereof; which motion was
agreed to.
On motion by Mr. PIERCE, the same commit-
tee was discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of the Legislature of Connecticut on
the subject of a national foundry.
Mr. ROBINSON, on leave, introduced a bill
amendatory of the several acts establishing and re-
gulating the Post Office Department; which was
twice read, and referred.
The Senate took up, in committee of the whole,
the unfinished business of yesterday, which was the
bill for the relief of the administrator of Michael
Hogan, deceased, and after an animated debate, in
which it was zealously supported by Mr.
STRANGE, and as warmly opposed by Mr.
HUBBBARD, the question on engrossment was
taken, and decided in the negative—yeas 4, nays
28.
Mr. HUBBARD said that, in the early part of
the sitting, the Chair had submitted the annual re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury on the com-
merce and navigation of the United States. In the
absence of the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, he had moved that the usual number of ex-
tra copies should be printed for the use of the Se-
nate. He had since been informed that the num-
ber had varied for the last three or four years, and
that five thousand was the number ordered at the
last session. It would therefore be proper for the
Senate tó express their opinion as to what number
they would wish t« have printed on the present oc-
casion.
Mr. KING thought that three thousand extra
copies would be sufficient, and, unless the general
sense of the Senate preferred a larger number, he
would move for the printing of that number. Last
year, he said, five thousand extra copies of this do-
cument were printed; the year before, three thou-
sand; and the two years preceding that, two thou-
sand.
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped the largest number of
copies, five thousand, would be printed. This was
one of the most important of the documents trans-
mitted to Congress, and he found that it was more
called for than any other. His supply had not
been sufficient to meet the demand made on him
for it. It was important, too, that the country
should be furnished with the valuable information
contained in this document at this time; for, next
year, Congress would be called on t  adjust the ta-
riff, and their constituents should be able to under-
stand more fully the importantqnestwnsthat wo ld
come before them.
