CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.                                           491
'*■*■ m" r'" ■      '                      i                                 <                                                               ...... ...                                                                                                i
lieu of all allowances, as contemplated by the re-
solation of the Senator from Arkansas [Mr.
Skyikr ]
Mr. BUCHANAN suggested to the Senator
from New Hampshire, to let the bill lie over for
the present. The Senator had entirely convinced
him [Mr. B.] that there ought to be an equaliza-
tion of the pay of the officers of the staff and line
of the army; but the Senator himself had express-
ed the opinion that this subject could not be sa-
tisfactorily acted on this session. He would there-
fore suggest to the gent'eman, that it would be better
to let the subject lie over till the next session,
when they would haTe the information required
from the War Department by the resoluiion of the
gentleman from Arkansas.
After some remarks from Mr. PIERCE, the bill
was laid on the table.
On motion by Mr. KING, the Senate took up
and considered, as in committee of the whole, the
bill to au'herize the Secretary of the Treasury to
procure steam vessels for the revenue service; and,
after some remarks in explanation from Mr. K. it
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. A. Van Bu-
rén, his secretary.
To Hit Senate:
The importance of the subject to the tranquillity
of onr country makes it proper that I should com-
municate to the Senate, in addition to the informa-
tion heretofore transmitted in reply to their resolu-
tion of the 17th of January last, the copy of a let-
ter jast received from Mr. Fox, announcing the
determination of the British Government to consent
to the principles of our last proposition for the set-
tlement of the question of the Northeastern
boundary, with a copy of the answer made to it
by the Secretary of State. I cannot doubt that,
with the sincere disposition which actuates both
Governments to prevent any ether than an ami-
v cable termination of the controversy, it will be i
found practicable so to arrange the details of a con-
ventional agreement on the principles alluded to
as to effect that object.
The British commissioners, in their report com-
municated by Mr. Fox, express an opinion that
the trae line of the treaty of 1783 is materially
different from that so long contended for by Great
Britain. The report is altogether ex parte in its
character, and has not yet, as far as we
are informed, been adopted by the British
Government. It has, however, assumed a
form sufficiently authentic and important to just fy
the belief that it is to be used hereafter by the Bri-
tish Government in the discussion of the question of
boundary, and as it differs essentially from the line
claimed by the United States, an immediate pre-
paratory exploration and survey on our part, by
commissioners appointed for that purpose, of the
portions of the territory therein more particularly
brought into view, would, in my opinion, be proper.
If Congres concur with me in this view of the sub-
ject, a provision by them to enable the Executive
to cany it into effect, will be necessary.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, 27th June, 1840.
Mr. Fox to Mr. Forsyth.
Washington, June 22,1840.
The undersigned, her Britannic Majesty's En-
voy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary,
has the honor to transmit to the Secretary of Stat 
of the united States, by order of his Government,
the accompanying printed copies of a report and
map which have been presented to her Majesty's
Government by Colonel Mudge and Mr. Feather-
stonhaugh, the commissioners employed during the
last season to survey the disputed territory.
The undersigned is instructed to say, that it will
of course have become the duty of her Majesty's
Government to lay the said report and map before
Parliament; but her Majesty's Government have
been desirous, as a mark of courtesy and conside-
ration towards the Government of the United
States, that documents bearing upon a question of
so much interest and importance to the two coun-
tries, should, in the first instance, be communicated
to the President. The documents had been official-
ly placed in the hands of her Majesty's Govern-
ment, only a few days previously to the date of the
instruction addressed to the undersigned.
Her Majesty's Government feel an unabated de-
sire to bring the long pending questions connected
with the boundary between the United States and
the British possessions in North America, to a final
and satisfactory settlement; being well aware, that
questions of this nature, as long as they remain
open between two countries, must be the source of
frequent irritation on both sides, and are liable at
any moment to lead to events that may endanger
the existence of friendly relations.
It is obvious that the questions at issue be-
tween Great Britain and the United States,
must be beset with various and really exist-
ing difficulties; or else those questions would
not have remained open ever since the year 1783,
notwithstandine the frequent and earnest endeavors
made by each Government to bring them to an ad-
justment. But her Majesty's Government do not
relinquish the hope that the sincere desire which is
felt by both parties to arri*  at an amicable settle-
ment will at length be attended with success.
The best clue to guide the two Governments in
their future proceedings, may perhaps be obtained
by an examination of the causes of past failure:
and the most prominent amongst these causes has
certainly been a want of correct information as to
the topographical features and physical character of
the district in dispute.
This want of adequate information may be
traced as one of the difficulties which embarrassed
the Netherlands Government in its endeivors to
decide the points submitted to its arbitration, in
1830. The same has been felt by the Government
in England: it has been felt and admitted by the
Government of the United States, and even by the
local Government of the contiguous Stale of
Maine.
The British Government and the Government of
the United States agreed, therefore, two years ago,
that a survey of the disputed territory, by a joint
commission, would be the measure best calculated
to elucidate and solve the questions'at issue. The
President proposed such a commission, and her
Majesty's Government consen'ed to it: and it was
believed bv her Majesty's Government that the ge-
neral principles upon which the commission was to
be guided, in its local operations, had been settled
by mutual agreement, arrived at by means of a
correspondence which took place between the two
Governments in 1837 and 1838.
Her Majesty's Government accordingly trans-
muted, in April of last year, for the consideration
of the President, the draft of a convention to re-
gulate the proceedings of the proposed commission.
The preamble of that draft recited textually the
agreement that had been come to by means of notes
which had been exchanged between the two Go-
vernments; and the artices of, the draft were
framed, as her Majesty's Government considered,
in strict conformity with that agreement.
But the Government of the United States did not
think proper to assent to the convention so pro-
posed.
The United States Government did not indeed
allege that the proposed convention was at vari-
ance with the result of the previous correspon-
dence between the two Governments; but it thought
that the convention would establish a commission
of " mere exploration and survey," and the Pre-
sident was of opinion that the step next to be taken
by the two Governments, should be to contract
stipulations bearing upon the face of taem the
promise of a final settlement, under some form or
other, and within a reasonable time.
The United Stales Government accordingly
transmitted to the undersigned, for communica-
tion to her Majesty's Government, in the month of
July last, a counter draft of convention, varying
considerably in some parts, as the Secretary of
State of the United States admitted in his letter to
the undersigned of the 29 th of July last, from the
draft proposed by Great Britain. But the Secre-
tary of State added, that the United States Govern-
ment did not deem it necessary to comment upon
the alterations so made, as the text itself of the
counter draft would be found sufficiently perspi-
cuous.
Her Majesty's Government might certainly well
have expected that some reasons would have been
given to explain why the United States Govern-
ment declined to confirm an arrangement which
was founded open propositions made by that Go-
vernment itself, and upon modifications to which
that Government had agreed; or that if the Ame-
rican Government thought the draft of convention
thus proposed was not in conformity with the pre-
vious agreement, it would have pointed out in
what respect the two were considered to differ.
Her Majesty's Government, considering the pre-
sent state of the boundary question, concur with the
Government of the United States in thinking that
it is on every account expedient that the next mea-
sure to be adopted by the two Governments should
contain arangements which will necessarily lead to
a final settlement; and they think that the conven-
tion which they proposed last year to the President,
instead of being framed so as to constitute a mere
commission of exploration and survey, did, on the
contrary, contain certain stipulations calculated to
lead to the final ascertainment of the boundary
between the two countries.
There was, however, undoubtedly, one essential
difference between the British draft and the Ame-
rican counter draft. The British draft contained
no provision embodying the principle of arbitration;
the American counter draft did contain such a pro-
I vision.
The British draft contained no provision for ar-
bitration, because the principle of arbitration had
not been proposed on either side during the negotia-
tions upon which that draft was founded; and be-
cause, moreover, it was understood at that time
that the principle of arbitration would be decidedly
objected to by the United States.
But as the United States Government have now
expressed a wish to embody the principle of arbitra-
tion in the proposed convention, her Majesty's Go-
vernment are perfectly willing to accede to that
wi>h.
The undersigned is accordingly instrncted to
state officially to Mr. Forsyth, that her Majesty's
Government consent to the two principles which
form the main foundation of the American counter
draft; namely, first, that {the commission to
be appointed shall be so constituted as ne-
cessarily to lead to a final sett'ement of
the questions of boundary at issue be-
tween the two countries; and secondly, that
in order to secure such a result, the convention by
which the commission is to be created shall contain
a provision for arbitration upon points as to which
the British and American commissioners may not
be able to agree.
The undersigned is, however, instructed to add
that there are many matters of detail in the Ameri-
can counter draft, which her Majesty's Govern- •
ment cannot adopt. The undersigned will be fur-
nished from his Government, by an early opportu-
nity, with an amended draft, in conformity with the
principles above stated, to be submitted to the con-
sideration of the President. And the undersigned
expects to be at the same time furnished with in-
structions to propose to the Government of the
United States a fresh local and temporary conven-
tion, for the better prevention of incidental border
collisions within the disputed territory, during the
time that may be occupied in carrying through the
operations of survey or arbitration.
The undersigned avails himself of this occasion
to renew to the Secretary of State the assurance of
his distinguished consideration.
H. S. FOX.
The Hon. John Forsyth, &c. &c. &c.
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Fox.
Department op State,
Washington, 26th June, 1840. , .-
The undersigned, Secretary of Stateof tbeUfiited
States, has had the honor to receive a note ad-
dressed to him on the 22d instant by Mr. Fox, En-
voy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary
of Great Britain, enclosing printed copies ot toe
report and map laid before the British Government
by the commissioners employed during the last aea-
