492
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
son to survey the territory in dispute between the
two countries, and communicating the consent of
her Britannic Majesty's Government to the two
principles which form the main foundation of the
counter proposition of the United States for the
adjustment of the question.
The undersigned, having laid Mr. Fox's note be-
fore the President, is instructed to say, in answer,
that the President duly appreciates the motives of
courtesy which prompted \he British Government
to communicate to that of the United States the
documents referred to; and that he derives great
satisfaction from the announcement that her Ma-
jesty's Government do not relinquish the hope that
the sincere desire which is felt by both parties to
arrive at an amicable settlement, will at length be
attended with success; and from the prospect hsld
out by Mr. Pox, of his being accordingly furnished,
by an early opportunity, with the draft of a propo-
sition amended in conformity with the principles to
which her Majesty's Government has acceded, to
be submitted to the consideration of this Govern-
ment.
Mr. Fox states that his Government might have
expected that, when the American counter diafi
was communicated to hitn, some reasons would
have been given to explain why the United S'ates
Government declined accepting the British draft of
convention, or that, if it the tight the draft was not
in conformity with previous agreement, it would
have pointed out in what respect the two were
considered to differ.
In the note which the undersigned addressed to
Mr. Fox on the 29th July of last year, transmit-
ting the American counter draft, he stated that in
consequence of the then recent events on the fron-
tier, and the danger of collision between the citi-
zens and subjects of the two Governments, a mere
commission of exploration and survey would be
inadequate to the exigencies of the occa-
sion, and fall behind the just expectations of
the people of both countries, and referred to the
importance ef having the measure next adopted
bear upon its face stipulations wh;ch must result in
a final settlement, under some form, and in a rea-
sonable time. These were the reasons which in-
duced the President to introduce in the new piojet,
the provisions which he thought calculated for the
attainment of so desirable an object; and which, in
his opinion, rendered obviously unnecessary any
allusion to the previous agreements referred to by
Mr. Fox. The President is gratified to find that a
concurrence in those views has brought the minds
of her Majesty's Government to a similar conclu-
sion; and from this fresh indication of harmony in
the wishes of the two cabinets, he permits himself
to anticipate the most satisfactory result from the
measure under consideration.
The undersigned avails himself of the opportu-
nity to offer to Mr. Fox renewed assurances of his
■ distinguished consideration.
JOHN FORSYTH.
H. S. Fox, esq. &c. &c.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the message
was referred jo ihe Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
The bill to authorize the Mount Carmel and New
Albany Railroad Company to enter on a credit a
quantity of land, to aid the company in the con-
struction of a railroad from New Albany, in the
Siate of Indiana, to Mount Carmel, in the Slate of
Illinois, and for other purposes, was taken up and
considered as in committee of the whole; and after
a debate, in which Messrs. BENTON, WHITE,
GRUNDY, SMITH of Indiana, CALHOUN,
YOUNG, DAVIS, and TAPPAN took pari,
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the bill was indefi-
nitely postponed—yeas 18, nays 16, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Grundy, Hubbard,
Lumpkin, Pierce, Preston, Roane, Strange, Stur-
geon, Tappan, "Wall, "Williams, and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Alabama, Clayton,
Davis, Dixon, Henderson, Huntington, Knighi,
Linn, Nicholas, Porter, Robinson, Ruggles, Smith
•f Ind.ana, Tallmadge, While, and Young—16.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 29, 1810.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to suspend to the rules for the recep-
tion of a resolution that (Joneress adjourn on tho lr>th of July
n<;xt.
T!ie yeas and nays were demanded, and, being taken, resulted
as tollows—yeas b3, nays 43.
No quorum having voted—
The roll was again called, when the vote resulted—yeas 81
nays 89.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to suspend the rules to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole ou the state of the Union.
Mr. ÜROMGOOLE appealed to him to withdraw the mo-
tion.
But Mr. B. referring to the fact that this was the last day in
which the Sub-Treasury bill could be debated, refused to with-
draw.
Before the question was taken,
Mr. JENIFER asked leave to correct a mistake which it ap-
peared that a member of the House [Mr. Buowk of Mississippi]
had committed, in a published correction of a report in the
Intelligencer of the substance of what took place a few days
since, when Mr. J. had been speaking on the Sub-Treasury
bill.
Leave being given, Mr. J- went into a recapitulation of the
facts, (which he said were truly stated in the report, with the
solitary exception that the issue of veracity referred to was not
with the Legislature hut with the citizens of Mississippi.) The
gentleman from Mississippi complained that it had been there
stated that Mr. J. had given him notice beforehand that he
should notice the speech he had made, and should refer to a
question of veracity he had before adverted to as between that
gentleman and the Legislature of his State. Mr. J. said he had
distinctly mentioned in the House that he should reply to seve-
ral gentlemen, and particularly to the gentleman from Missis-
sippi. The gentleman, in his carrectioii, further stated that he
had asked Mr. .1. whether any such notice had been given to
him, and he (Mr. J.) had denied it. In this the gentleman was
certainly mistaken.
Mr. BROWN explained in reply, expressing his gratification
that Mr. J's explanation was made in a feeling of courtesy
which, from former exhibitions, the House had not expected
from him. Mr. B. then again denied that Mr. J. had given any
■ ich notice as was stated in the report, either to himself per-
sonally, or to the House, in his hearing. A friend had indeed
informed Mr. B. that Mr. J. had said he should allude
to him; but Mi. B. did not, and could not know before-
hand, of what nature the allusion was to be, whether po-
litical or personal, nor could he anticipate that a question of
personal veracity was to be raised in regard to him. The
impression given by the report was that Mr. B. having re-
ceived previous notice that a question of veracity was to be
made in respect to him, had, under such circumstances, left
the House to escape exposure; at which he seemed somewhat
indignant. He was happy Mr. J had now disclaimed any de-
sire to make such an exposure. As to the second point, Mr. B.
did certainly understand Mr. J. as admitting that he had given
no notice, personally, to him, of his intention to allude to him,
and others had so understood him at the time. Whatever
warmth there might appear in his manner, Mr. B. entertained
no ill feeling toward the gentleman from Maryland, nor had he
any intention of making a personal assault upon him or any
other member of the House, either in or out of the House, and
he should hold himself prepared at all times to repel any,
should it be made on himself.
Mr JENIFER, by leave, said a few words in rejoinder. The
gentleman did him no more than justice in not expecting from
him any thing in the form of a personal attack. Mr .J. had never
meant to charge the gentleman personally with any want of ve-
racity; he had only referred to the respectable authorities on
which he had stated that the gentleman had voted in favor of the
issue of post notes by the Bank of Mississippi in 183S, though he
was now so strenuous in opposing banks, and advocating a Sub-
Treasury.                                                                    \
The House now went into Committee of the Whole o\the
state of the Union (Mr. Banks in the chair,) and resumed\he
consideration of the                                                          *
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
Mr, DUNCAN of Ohio had the floor, but yielded it at the re
quest of
Mr. FLOYD of New York, who wished to make a personal
explanation In reply to a charge made by his colleague [Mr.
Chittenden] on Saturday evening, of having made a false
statement in relation to a saje of Mew York stocks below par.
Mr. F. said, had it not been for the very late hour (12 o'clock)
at which the gentleman spoke, he would have appealed to the
courtesy of the committee at that time to permit him to reply.
lie then proceeded to say that he had heard several days before
that his honorable colleague had made great preparations for
replying to his [Mr. F's] speech, delivered on the 11th instant;
and if he was not mistaken, the gentleman had shown to seve-
ral members the reply he intended to make. The principal mat-
ter to which his honorable colleague had alluded, w s that por-
tion of the speech in relation to the credit system, and which as-
serted that the stocks of New York fell in a single year 22 per
cent, below par.
The gentleman had said it was untrue that the Blocks sf New
York had ever been sold below par, thus placing him in the po-
sition of having asserted a falsehood. But the gentleman had
produced no authority to prove the statement untrue It was,
therefore, his mere bare assertion, and rested solely on that as-
sertion. Now he [Mr. F.] would not act like the schoolboy,
who, when he was charged with lying by his comrade, gave the
lie back again. No; he would apply to his colleague the words
of Junius, who said, "I will not call you a rascal, but I will
prove you one." He likewise would not say that his colleague
had spoken that which was untrue, but he would prove that
what he had said was untrue, by a reference to a Whig au-
thority.
Mr. F. then refened to the following extract from the New
York Journal of Commerce of September, 1839, to prove that
what he had «aid in relation to the fall of New York stocks was
not untrue, unless it could be shown that the extract itself was
untrue:
"A sale of *100,000 New York and Erie Railroad stock, beat-
ing 4J per cent, interest, payable quarterly in New York, was
made on Saturday at auction, under the direction of the Camp-
troher, and taken bv Messrs. Prime, Ward, and King, as follows:
«10,000 at 79, «10,000 at 78J. «30,000 at 78, and «60 000 at 77i,
the closing price.   The «ock is redeemable in 1859, and was
sold on terms, one-third down, and the balance in thirtv an I
sixty days."                                                                 ' *nü
Mr. CHITTENDEN replied, denying that he had chares
Mr. Floyd with falsehood, m asserting that New Yoik stock
had bten ioid below par. What lie had charged was. that tus
colleague liad asserted w'nat was not true, when he asserted ihat
ihe Legislature of New York had, under Whig auspices, em-
barked in the credit system, and, by so doing, had brought the
stock of the State under par in the market. And in relation i0
the New York Journal of Commerce being Whi; authority
such was not the case, for it was sometimes on one side, and
sometimes on the other.
Mr. DUNCAN being entitled to the floor, addressed the com
rr.ittee with much point and humor, in reply to ihe objection!
urged against the hill. In the course of his remarks he lnii-
mated Ihat he had called into requisition the services of his
"poet,''whose effusions he intended to give to the world when
his speech should be written out.
Mr. D. took a review of ihe disgraceful system of modern
banking, and commented with keen sarcasm on the ¡••hinplaster
system, more especialiv m reference to it as adopted in Missis-
sippi He exhibited to u o commntee several specimens of the
abominable tiash bv which the poor man had been rohhed ol
the fruits of his industiy by the associated bank shavers.
Among other specimens he held up to view a twelve and a half
cent plaster, which informed the fortunate holder that so soon
as he could muster forty of those small shinplasters, by going
to a certain place, some hundreds of miles distance, he would
be entitled to receive one large shinplanter.' Such were the
beautiful effects of the paper system.
Mr. D continued his remarks until half-past two o'clock
when the House took its usual recess.                                    '
EVENING SESSION.
After Ihe recess,
Mr. DUNCAN resumed his remarks, and spoke with much
earnestness against the abuses of the paper system, and in de-
fence o' the present measure, which he contended was ihe mea-
sure of the Constitution itself. lie concluded at 10 minutesbe-
fore 5 o'clock.
Mr. JONES ofVirginia followed. He expressed himself very
reluctant at this late period to intrude upon the committee; and
in doing so he was obeying the. dictates of duty rather than his
feelings. After alluding to the ereat importance of the pre
sent measure, he said it was needless lo observe that it had call-
ed down the abuse of the Opposition in proportion to that im-
portance. Yes, he would say abuse, lor it was nothing but ahuse
and declamation with which it had been assail d, for no solid ar-
gument had hitherto been urged against it. This abuse, how-
ever, was nothing more than the Administration had to expect
,, for it struck at the vitals of a system by winch a powerful, bold,'
II   and experienced Opposition had derived unjust advantages
7hichthey werenot willing to relinquish withouta struggle. '
After some fuither remarks, Mi. J. proceeded to comment on
Ihe inconsistent course of the Opposition, who at the early part
i/of the session, were continually taunting him for not calling up
the bill in preference to the appropriation bills; and then when
the bill was taken up, the very same members were eloquent in
their abuse that the appropriation bills had been passed over.
He thus showed, in very pointed language, thai let the friends of
the Administration do what they would, they weie sure to call*
down the declamation of their opponents. If they didI not call
up the bill, they were abused; and if they did call it up they were
abused; so that there was do way of escape. I
Mr. J. then adverted to the powers conferred on the General
Government by the Constitution, and contended that the design
efthe framers of that Constitution could not be carried into
effect unless the Government had the absol ute control of its own
funds. He then alluded to the conduct of the banks from one
end of the country to the other, which, at a recent period, in
open violation of their charters, had closed their doors and re-
fused to pay overa single dollar of the public money deposited
With them.
: . After some further remarks, he referred to the admission
. made by all the Opposition, that some measure of relief was ne-
cessary, and asked them how long they could staud excused,
when in opposing this bill, they proposed nothing else in its
stead.
Mr. J. then drew a glowing picture of the critical situation in
which the Government would be placed in case of a war, with
all its money in the vaults of the banks, and which, if they
pleased, might play over the same game they did in 1837, by
suspending specie payments.
It was under the deep conviction that it was absolutely ne-
cessary for the welfare of the Government to separate it from
the banking institutions of the country, that the committea, of
which he Was a member, had concluded to report the present
bill.
Mr. J. then proceeded to examine the principal features of the
bill, and to notice the objections urged against them. After
commenting upon the constant availability of the Government
money, by placing it in the hands of receivers, he conttasted
that plan with the former system of lodging the money with the
banks He said it was needless to observe that no sooner was
any portion of the public money placed in a bank, than the
amount was set down in the books of the bank asa mere debt to
the Government, and the money transferred to the vaults of ihe
institution to be used in con,mon with its other capital, for its
own private benefit. Then, when the Government called for
the money, the bank first consulted its own convenience before
it thought proper to comply with the demand. Nay, who did
not remember a meeticgof bank directors in one of our com-
mercial cities, where with closed doors they deliberated as to
the time when it would be quite convenient for them to pay their
debts. He appealed to every friend of the country whether
such a system should be continued any longer, when the mo-
ney of the Government was at the disposal of such institutions,
which retained or paid it, jast as they thought proper.
Mr. J. adverted with much earnestness to the admirable sys-
tem of checks and safeguards provided by the bill. He re-
minded the Opposition that one section authorized the employ-
ment of agents, whose duty it would be to examine and inspect
at short periods, the accounts of all efficers entrusted with the
Government money. And the very fact, that none of those of-
ficers would know the day nor the hour when their accounts
would be inspected, was a powerful check upon dishonesty.
He then noticed an objection raised by the Opposion to the
title of the bill. They complained that the words "Indepen-
dent Treasury" implied a separation from the people He was
astonished at such an objection. Did net every one acknow-
ledge that the Government was the Government of the people!
Were not tbe people and the Government ope and the same?
