T
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
.;«.«. «*«•«♦> lUt ofc m, H..S. H  «; "" *•   '" '*'
¡££ta.. IM. Une* . Hciarty. M nr  aW«. *u Ml.
STr^k IV, , rW*. R**S  I Ken.*.!*, RatHje.v,
^ W 1W.«. Tn.mtH.tl.  tiweew  !.   £<■<« J
V, ^T■ <•«* U   >.aa *. J<s.t o L « iUmom, «ml «. tutto-
rtMttl  Wilium -Í"              .             .               i        . .    w
So the mata question having been ordered to be
pat, and the qtw&uoa no  being "Shall the  bill
nasoí"*
Mr. DROMGOOLR demanded the yeas and
•ays, wo*-  having been ordered, wete—yeas 134,
tars tOT, as follows:
f \M*- <•«*  J 4«  kl *«, lltt«b J JUfcbrxm, Athsftoo,
iu Os Moat:?. Hair *  Hi* , HUnkwall, kVyU, Htcweter,
Atp* V «tva -. A **« *• Brewn, Bulk , Huihwuu It Bui
*r Wit ten «  HaMtr, Btoum fait, fMt l H I *•}>■ • ,
fast**,««** I'ulnant, Comer. Hut A. « «4>«, *  "
I west. < "«{, Oraty, dues, tVuu, Uetee, John Dat , Jurat
« puf * 1  -ks**w, lluan, l* «. PrHiwi'Wle. Ouman, Karl,
[Mm, S , l',r«, KWuhef, Find. Fotnauca, Galbnulh, t.el-
rr, «in* . Hasan** !, Hand, J lleewig*, Hawkins, Hill ot
Sjt.i t«r>iM, llil.cn, IMkaan, Huliu* . tli> k, H^kUM,
Hoar', Jat-kaoo, ivamM, Jj r[ h Jolu.sun, i  « Johnson,
V«!«rJ.IJ>ekr . John W J «tee, Keun, K*m'>l«, Kill , Lead-
la*, Leel, LaonaAl, I.*wis U  «H, Lik«, McCUIIan,
Vet autnfc, MtKay. JlalkiT. Marrhand, Mod. I, MiIIm, Mou-
w< .V«i«"R><*nr, «tunnel W M •ms.Xewhani. Parruh, !'*• •
sansa*. Pama, Patata. Ptuikm, Pfcteo*. Prtnitn, Ramsey,
ki<«*>. Kaeu, Kiras, K.>Ihujihi, Ctward Rocen, Jairx*
td«w%Rtaii, *«bj S«, Shaw, Shepard, A belt -*uiuh, John
a> i h, THuoiM «aitih. i*urkwvtther. !*trt-nnní, Acuiit, damiei,
i*w\Bg*a. *weo«t, Titfc.*, FrB c« Thoaaa, Plsilii  F. Tlio-
«m.J*-<«1V«b|i«Ím> TunMf,laihkwpiMl,Vrauii, U  kI l>.
*i f*dtt, Wa.ccn n, Welt , Junl W WiUuuna, Haorj
Wi :Ksn>. an' Wi-nhin^UMi—lit.
XAV*— l an AtlaiiM, Ali-fd, Johm W. All«n, Anvtnwm,
lunt, Barwnl. Bell, B ille, Bcud, Butt*. Btif9, Bivckway,
CiT «, H  Cii f*e I, Win. B. Campocll, tai«er, Caaey,
CtMe, CUManfen, C'Uik, Jaraea CVxH*r, f r bh, CransuHi.
r.«S*u, fan , Caaning. Uitm, UartM Uatw, Dawaoo,
tkbKTf, Ocaeu, l* llet, Edirard*, Btma*, Etaicu, I illrooie,
Jtaat OaitaoJ, Rice Owtaad. Gain, Geiury, GkMiue*,
Gaggia, Oooda, GiaJtam. Gtatn, Or«o, Gnonall, Habei-
niaa, Hal, W m. 0 Ha«uc«*, llawea. Ilcarjr. John Hill oí
Vrtku , llMfiaau, lluüt. Jhm, Jeniter, fharlea Johnaton,
Wt aafoat Jottnauo, Kainpahall, Kinc, Lirvoln, Vrfartj,
Mar-rio, Majan. MtKbdl, Manir . Morcan, Calforjr Morrn,
\*«. . Suttee, Ot>e, Haboma, Paltii. Peck, IVf , Prorlil,
lanltiE, Ra M|ih, Ruiko, Ratoer, Reed, RK%«at, Ruaatll,
fa.t.Maa-'L, itarfoam. iNtnt<eton, Siade, Trumao f*nmr, gianly,
«aan, Tahafcrro, Watklj- Tkoaiiiaoa, THIinghart, Tolaml,
Tnpien. Tr  b«l¡, I'mtenraul, Peter J. Wacnar, Wartao,
t¿wuáy> Whiu, John Whna, Wck.TVxnM W. WiUtama,
Un Wiihaaaa, Joaapta L. Wiluama, and ChnMO|4wt U. Wil-
«a -WT                       (
So the bill was passed.
The qoesuon ihea recurring on the adoption of
lac title-, which was in the following words: "An
act to provide for the collection, safekeeping,
traadef, and di*bai?ing of the public money."
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania moved the
fottowiBf as a «nbsiituie for the above title,
vat "A bill to reduce the value of property, the
products of the farmer, and the wages ot the labor-
er, to destroy the indebted portion of the comma-
any, and to place the Treasury of the nation in
the haads of the President.
Mr. CUSHING then rose and said he
proposed to move an amendment to the amendment,
and on that motion he had a few words to say. The
aateadoeat of Mr. C. was then read as follows:
"An act to enable the public money to be drawn
from the Treasury without appropriation made by
hw."
Mr. C. then resumed, and said he had moved the
imrwdment with a view of making a very limited
mies oí remarks pertinent to the subject. He was
ihea proceeding to show why, in his opinion, the
costeáis of  the bill did not agree with its title,
Mr. PETRIKIN called him to erder.
Ttie SPEAKER said the gentleman from Mas-
•achostus had a right to amend the title of the bill,
if it were «ot a proper title. He had, therefore, a
i*ht 10 examine the contents of the bill, 10 show
thai the title was improper.
Mr. PETRIKIN will objected.
The SPEAKER stud the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania would be pleased to reduce bis point of
order to writing.
Mr. PROFFIT called Mr. Pmuaiw to order;
■nd after some colloquial debate, the objection was
withdrawn.
Mr. CÜ8H1NQ then resumed, and appeared
very indignant at the interruption. He wished to
know if the measure was to be forced on the coun-
2 Wlíf°l •ffor<1" K *n opportunity t* say a sin-
gle word.   He said they were at the last act in the
drama, bnt the end was not yet. Mr. C. then pro-
ceeded to giv e his reasons why he considered the
bill *> an unconstitutional measure, as he contended
ihat it gave the Secretary power to draw on the
public money without appropriations by law. He
concluded by observing ihat he had witnessed the
incubaiion and hatching of this cockatrice, but he
hoped the 11 me was not far distant when the people
would put their leet on the reptile and crush it to
the dust.
Mr. PICKENS then rose, and in a very animated
manner wild he had wished to make a few remarks
upon the bill before its passage, but be was now
compelled to confine hiiuiOl" in reply to the very
extraordinary language and tone assumed by the
gentleman Irom Massachusetts. What right had
he to speak of this bill as teing forced on the coun-
try by brutal numbers! That gentleman had de-
fined ih« bill accoiding to kit conception of it; but
he would tell the gentleman, that the bill would,
thank God, deliver this Government from the bands
of those who tor so many years had lived by swin-
dling 1 he proceeds of honest labor. Yes, said Mr.
P. I tbank my God that the hojrof our deliverance
u now so near, from a system which has wrung the
hard earnings from productive induMry for the
benefit of a tew irresponsible corporations.
Kir, I knew the contest would be fierce and bitter.
The bill, in its principles, draws the line between
the great Utering «i%<i Imndtd tttitrtsis of this con-
federacy, and those who are identified with eeptiai-
iKi ük j #dti and live upon tacorporafed crtdit. The
latter class have lived and fattened upon the fiscal
action ot this Government, from the Fumüng Sys-
tem down to the present day—and now they leel
like wolves who have been driven back from the
warm blood they have been lapping lor forty years.
Well may the gentleman, [Mr. Co&himg,] who re-
presents those interests, cry oat and exclaim ihat
it is a bill passed in force by fraud and power—it is
the power and the spirit of a tree people determined
to redeem themselves and their Government.
Here the calls to order were again renewed from
nearly every member of the Opposition, and great
1 confusion prevailed.
The SPEAKER with much difficulty succeeded in
restoring something like order, and as none of those
who had so vociferously called Mr. P. to order,
raised any point,
j      Mr. PICKENS proceeded with his remarks, and
i alluding to the words of Mr. Coshino, that "this
I was the last act of the drama," said this was (be
I first, and not the last act of the drama.   There
1  were great questions that lay behind this, connected
I  with the fiscal action of   the Government, and
which we will be called on to decide in the next
few years; they were all connected with one great
and complicated system.   This was the commence-
ment, and only a branch of the system.
Here the cries of order from the Opposition were
renewed, and after the storm had somewhat sub-
sided,
Mr. P. said, rather than prod ace confusion at that
late hour of the day, when this great measiiw was
so near a triumphant consummation; and, in spite
of all the exertions of its enemies, was about to be-
come the law of the land, be would  not trespass
any longer on the attention of the House.   But the
gentleman bad said that because the first section
had declared what should constitute the Treasury,
and that another section bad provided for keeping
portions of the treasury in other places  than the
safes and vaults in the Treasury building of this
place; ihat, therefore, it was to be inferred that
those who were to execute it would draw money
from the Treasury without appropriations by law,
and thos to perpetrate a fraud upon the Constitu-
tion.   Mr. P. said, let those who are to execute
this bill dare to commit this outrage, and use mo-
ney for purposes not intended in appropriations by
law, and they would-be visited with the indignation
of an outraged and 'wronged people.   It would be
too gross And palpable.   Such is not the broad
meaning apd intention of the bill.   The construc-
tion given-by the gentleman was a forced and tech-
nical one, and not natural.   It was too strained to
be seriously entertained by any one for a moment.
He raised his protest against it.
Mr. P. regretted the motion admitted of such
narrow and confined debate. He would not delay
the passage of the bill upon so small a point. He
Congratulated the country that we had approached
the period when the mea*ure was about to be tri-
umphantly passed into a permanent law of the
land. It is a great measure. Considering the late-
ness of the hour, the confusion in the House, and
that the gentleman had bad the advantage of an
opening speech, he now concluded by demanding
the previous question.
On this motion the disorder among the Opposition
was renewed with tenfold fury, and some members
made use of some very hard words, accompanied
by violent gesticulation.
It was some minutes before any thing approach-
ing order could be restored.
The SPEAKER having called on the Sergeant-at-
Arnis to clear the aisles,
The call of the previous question was seconded,
and the main question en the amendment to the
amendment ordered to be put.
The motion for the previous question having re-
ceived a second, the main quesuon was or-
dered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cusiiino's
amendment to the ameudment, and disagreed to
without a count.
The question recurring on ihe substitute of Mr.
Cooper ol Pennsylvania lor the ongiual t.tie of
the bill,
Mr. R. GARLAND demanded the yeas and
nays, which having been ordered, were—yeas 87,
nay* 123, as follows:
YEAS—Meares. Adama, Alford, J. W. Allen, Andrew , 6a
ker, Bull, Biddle, Bond, Bous, Bngga, Brockwav, Calhoun,
William B Campbell, Carter, C'hinu, f hiiiemlen, Clark, jae.
Cooper, Cranalou, Crocket!, Cushing, Datiea, Garret Dana,
Deberry, Dennia, Del lei, Edwards, Everett, Fillmore, Hie 
Garland, Gales, Gentry, Giddings, Goode, Graham, Gratea,
Green, Gnnnell, Habersham, IIa.ll, William B. Hasting?,
Ilawes, Henry, Hollinan, Jamas, Jenifer, Charles Johnston,
Win. Owl Johnston, Kempshall, King, Lincoln, McCartjr,
Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Calvary Morris,
Ogle, Paler, Peck, rope. Promt, Randall, Randolph, Ran-
cien, Kayner, Heed, Ridgnay, Sergeant, Bimonton, Slade,
Truman Smith, Stanly, Stuart, Taliaferro, Tillmghast, To-
land, Triplet!, Trumbull, Underwood, P. J. Wagner, Warren,
E. 1). White, J. White, T. W. Williams, Lewis Williams,
J. L. Williams,  and.Chnatopher M. Williams—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Jmlson | A lien, Hugh J. Anderson, Ather-
lon, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Brewster,
Aaron V. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, Sampson H. But-
ler, William O. Butler, Byrtum, John Campbell, Carr, Carroll,
Casey Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, Connor, Mark A.
Cooper, IWilliam R. Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crary, Dana,
Davee, John Davis, John W. Davu, Dickerson, Doan, Doig)
Droomgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Flelchei
Floyd, Pornance, Galbraith, James Garland, Gerry, Orifflni
Hand, John Hastings, Hawkins, Hill ol North Carolina, Hillen,,
Holleman, Hook, Hopkins, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Jo-
seph Johnson, Core Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W.
Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kille, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonord, Lewis,
Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloch, McKay, Mallory.
Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Samuel
W. Morris, Naytor, Newhard, Parrish, Parmenter, Parris,
Paynter, Petnkin, Pickens, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rhett, Rives,
Robinson, Edward (Rogers, James Rogers, Ryall, Samuels,
Shaw, Shepard, Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith,
Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, Sweanngen, Swe-
ney, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Philip F. Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, Tumey, Vanderpoel, Vroum, D. D. Wegener. Watterson,
Weller, Wick, Jaied W. Williams, Henry Williams, and
Wnrthington—128.
So the amendment was rejected.
The title of the bill, as passed by the Senate was
adopted.
Mr. NAYLOR made a motion to reconsider the
vote, but subsequently withdrew it.
On motion, the House adjourn.
IN SENATE,
Wjednesdat, July 1,1840.
0 A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. A. Van Buren, his pri-
vate secretary, in answer to a resolution of the Se-
nate of the 12th March last, enclosing a commu-
nication from the Secretary of War, containing
such information as could be obtained by his De-
partment in relation to the military preparations of
the British Government on the Northeastern fron-
tier: referred to the Committee en Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUGGLES submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Retohed, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if not
incompatible with the public interest, the copy of
the British report of survey, and accompanying
map, referred to in his message to the Senate of
the 27 th inst.
