496
Mr. BUCHANAN would just state to the Sena-   I
tor from Maine, that but one copy of that report    I
and one copy of that map had been comniuni-    |
cated «o the  President of the United States.    Tnat    I
was done as an act of courtesy by the British Go-    I
vernment, and the copy of the map and report thus
received wassent to the Committee of Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate, with a request that it should be    '
communicated  to the Committee of Foreign Af-
fairs of the other House, and then returned.   The
British Government had not adopted ihat map, but
bad informed thts Government that they intended
to lay it before Parliament.    In the present sta'e  ¡
of the case, iherefore, Mr. B. thought that it would
not be proper to call for these documents and lay
them before the world.
The resolution was then, in conformity with the
rules, laid on the table until to-morrow.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. LUMPKIN, in moving the consideration of
the resolution submitted and urged by him some
months ago, said: Mr. President, several months
ago, I not only proposed, but urged upon the con-
sideration of the Senate, the expediency of their
fixing on a definite duv tor the termination of the
present session of Congress. A majority of the Se-
nate did not sustain niy views, they preferred leav-
ing the question open to their own discretion.
The principal objection then urged to my views,
were the important subjects then pending before
Congress, especially the Independent Treasury bill.
Thai bill has now passed the House of Representa-
tives, and can no longer be urged as an excuse for
prolonging this session of Congress . Therefore, I
now hope to have the support of a majority of the
Senate, in fixing this morning upon the day and
hoar when this session of Congress shall terminate.
I shall propose, sir, this diy two weeks, Wednesday,
the 15th of July, at 2 o'clock p. m.
The resolution was then taken op, when
Mr. NORVELL said he was informed that the
House of Representatives was at this moment act-
ing on a resolution fixing on the day for adjourn-
ing the present session of Congress, and he would
suggest whether it would not be better to defer act-
ing on the resolution of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, till they heard from the House.
Mr. LUMPKIN said that, upon this subject,
there should be but .one opinion. We have
been here already too long for the interest of
the country. If the day had been fixed, when
I first proposed it, to adjourn on the 18th
of May last, I entertain no doubt but we
should have accomplished, and more fully have
discharged, all the duties which devolve on the Na-
tional Legislature, than will have been done by
this extravagant extension of the session. My
friends around me ask that I will modify my pro-
Ssition, to meet what is said to be the views of the
ouse—that is, to adjourn on the 21st inst. ins'ead
of the 15th. Sir, I cannot aggree to this modifica-
tion; if it be forced upon me, I most submit to the
will of the majority. I shall do so respectfully, but
reluctantly. If it be now settled that the session of
Congress will certainly terminate at the end of two
weeks, we shall accomplish qu'te as much as we
will do in three weeks, if that time be allowed.
If we de'ermine to adjourn on the 15th, we shall
then go to work earnestly, satisfied that we have no
time to lose. If we say the 21st, it will tend to
the belief, with many, that the balance of this week
may be spent in arrangements for, and celebrating
the memorable 4th of July. I will not attempt to
urge arguments to sustain my opinions on this
subject, but 1 shall adhere to the ground which I
have taken, and yield only to superior force.
Mr. HUBBARD said that he was informed that
the House of Representatives had just this moment
adopted a resolution fixing on the 21st of July as
the day of adjournment. When that resolution
came to the Senate, it wonld be very proper for the
gentleman to propose any amendment, changing
the day, he thought proper; but be hoped that the
gentleman from Georgia would wait till the reso-
lution came from the House.
Mr. BUCHANAN expressed the wish that the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Lumpkin] would
withdraw his proposition. He bad stood by him
from the first on this subject; but as  the House
CONGUESfclONAL GLOBE.
had all the business that was to ¿o, and the Senate
but lit'le, and the former hiving fixed upon a day
by which they crmM «et through with it, they had
better take ihe House at i's word. He should veiy !
reluctantly vote against the proposition of hi*,
t'ii >nd Irom Georgia; but for a difference of .six
days only he ciuld not oppose the wishes cf the
House. He thought that they had better take the
House at i«s word, and that both Housís should go
iegu'arly and systematically to work in ordir to
get through with the business before them by the
21st.
Mr. QRUNDY suggested that it would not be
altogether courteous to the other branch of ihe Le-
gislature, nor proper and becoming in this, to pre-
scribe to them the way in which they thould do
iheir business.   The House having all  the busi-
ness before th^m, and the Senate but very li tic, the
former was the best judge of the time required to
¡   do it in; and  he submitted whether it would be
proper for the Senate to say that this business must
be done by the 15tb, when the  House said that it
wcjld take till the 21st todo it.   Without intend-
i    ing any disrespect to his friend from Georgia, [Mr.
,   Lcmpkin,] he would move to lay his proposition I
I   on the table, tilt they could hear fiom the House  |
¡    of Representatives.                                                     i
1       This motion was agreed to—ayes 21, noes 12; Í
and ft he resolution was  accordingly laid  on the
table.
The bill to authorize the purchase by the United
States the stock of the Louisville and Portland Ca- ¡
nal Company, was taken up as in committee of the
whole, and discussed by Messrs. SMITH of Indi-
ana, SMITH of Connecticut, CRITTENDEN,
and BENTON, and was tb n laid on the table.
The bill to provide  for the more faithful execu-
tion of the laws in relation to the collection of du-
ties on imports, was taken up,  the question being >
on the amendment submitted by Mr. Hontinoton,
which declared any witness incompetent who should
have any interest whatever in the ciuse, similar to
the interest of the party in  whose behalf he might
be called to testify, wh-ch was  further debated by   I
Messrs. HUNTINGTON, PHELPS, GRUNDY,
WRIGHT, and DAVIS for the amendment, and   '
' by Messrs. STRANGE, CALAOUN, and PRES-
| TON aeainst it; when, without taking a question,
i      The Senate adjourned.                                             !
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesdat, July 1, 1840.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON  of Maryland, in-
I    quired of the Chair in relation to the order of busi-
II   ness.    It was known to gentlemen that the charter
of the District banks would expire on Friday next;
I  he wished :he House to take np the Senate bill tor
the extension of their charters.
The CHAIR replied  that, as this involved a
change in the order of business, it could be done
only by suspending the  rules, or by geneial con- '
sent.
Af'er some desultory conversation, the House
came to an understanding that, after the expiration
of the morning hoar, the Speaker's table should
first be cleared; in consequence of which, Mr. John-
son did not now press His application.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS. •
I      Mr. BANKS asked the consent of the House to
1  submit a resolution, which was read for the infor-
I   mation of the House, as follows, viz:
Resolved, The Senate concurring herein, that the '
* Speaker of the House of Representatives and the I
,    Piesident of the Senate, close the present session of
Congress, by adjournment of the two Houses of i
I  Congress over whieh they preside respectively, on
I  Monday, the 20th of July next, at 7 o'clock.
|      Mr. PETRIKIN objected to'the introduction of j
I  the resolution, unless modified so as to adjourn on I
the 15th of July.              *                                           1
'     Mr. BANKS moved to suspend the rules, and
on that moiion demanded the yeas and nays; which '
having been-ordered, were—yeas 140, naj* 20.
Toe roles haviDg been suspended for this pur-
pose—                                                         *               i
Mr. BANKS modified his resolution by chang- ¡
ing the day to Saturday, the I8th, at 7 o'clock.
Mr. CUSHING objected to Saturday or Mon- [
day, as in either case there was a great desecration   j
of th* Sabbath day, and proposed Friday the 17in
or Tuesday the 21st.    He would move Fnday the
17ih, at 2 o'clock.
Mr. DROMGOOLE wan'ed first  to inquire of
ths Chairman of the Commiitee of Elections how
I soon it was probable they would report on the New
Jersey case.
Mr GRAVES objected to any colloquies with
the chairmen of committees.
Mr.  DROMGOOLE did not  pre-s his inquiry,
but gave notice  he should vote for Tuesday, the
I 21st, as the day of adjournment.
j      Mr. RIVES   (a member of the Committee of
¡ Elections) stated that it was probable  ihe commit-
i tee would be able to report on the New Jersey case
on the latter paitofthe  next week.   He  was ap-
prehensive that it  would not be in the power of
committee to close that laborious investigation in
time to have it ac'ed on th>s session, if ihe earliest
day proposed was fixed for the adjournment.    The
comrnitiee was extremely anxious that the questioa
ihould be settled before the termination of the ses-
sion.    It  was with that view that he had voted
against the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to amend the resolution
by inserting Wednesday, the 15ih, at 6 o'clock,
and demanded the previous question.
Mr. BANKS modified his resolution to Tues-
day, the 21st, at 2 o'clock.
Mr. CUSHING withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BRTGGS spoke to order.
Mr. CAMPBELL (chairmain of the Committee
of Elections,) having entered the House, wished to
make a statement; but leave was refused.
Tiie ciP for the previous question was seconded
—ayes 113, noes 22.
The previous question was (hen put and carried.
And the main question being first put on Mr.
Pettrikin's amendment, fixing on Wednesday, the
15th, it was carried, by yeas and nays—yeas 105,
nays 95.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WATTERSON moved to reconsider this
vote.
Mrt HENRY demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows—yeas 108, nays 84.
So the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina, chairman
of the Committee of Elections, was understood w
say that it wou'd be impossible for the committee to
report this session, if the 15th was fixed for the
day of adjournment.
The question again recurring on the proposition
for adjourning on Wednesday, the   15th of July,
Mr. BRIGGS demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion, which, having been ordered, were—
yeas 88, nays 113.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Banks's resolution,
fixing on Tuesday, the 21st, at 2 o'clock; which
was adopted, without a count, and sent to the Se-
nate for concurrence.
On motion of Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON, the
House proceeded to the orders of the day; which
orders were first the business on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications from the Executive:
To the Speaker of the House of Representatives:
Sir: I transmit a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, suggesting that an appropriation
of fifty thousand dollars be made by Congress to
meet claims of navy pensioners, payable on the
1st of July next, reimbursable by a transfer of
stocks, belonging to the fund, at their nominal va-
lue, to the amount so appropriated; and respectful-
ly recommend the measure to the consideration and
action of Congress.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, June 19, 1840.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
To the House of Representatives of the United Slides:
I transmit the enclosed report of the Secretary of
War, with accompanying documents, furnishing
all the information the Department has been able
to obtain in relation to any violation of, or desire
