498
8iates, in renewing the charters of the banks
while under suspension. H* spoke with warmth
 ; the ahose which had been heaped upon the gen*
tlemen who conducted these banks.
Mr. M. A. COOPER of Georgia explained some
remark be had thrown in while Mr. Briokh was
speaking, and then opposed the bill on constitu-
tional grounds, but concluded by moving to amend
. the amendment of Mr. Pxtbjkin by adding thereto
the fol lowing:
frtmátd, That the said banks shall not issue
notes under tea dollars; that from and after the
first January next they shall not issue notes of a
denomination less than twenty dollars; and alter
the 1st January, 1842, they shall not issue notes of
ekSi denomination than fifty udlars. Provided,
ad , That their notes all times shall be redeemable
by specie, or, on failure thereof, their charters shall
be forfeited.
Sec 3. .Be if farther enacttd, That in case the
said banks, or either of them, shall refuse or fail to
nay their notes in specie on demand of any person,
such person shall and may have lemedy by judg-
ment and execution at law, at a notice of ten days
before any joMice of th« peace of said District
Mr. W. THOMPSON made a speech of moch
warmth and animation in defence of the bill, and
in reply to the objections which had been advanced.
Mr. VANDERPOEL sent to the Clerk's de kan
amendment he wished to offer, and which was read
for information, as follows:
Provided, Jvrtktr, That said banks shall resume
and continue to pay specie for all their liabilities
within 60 days after the passage of this act; and on
failure thereof, all the rights and privileges accru-
ing frrm the foregoing act shall be null and void
and of no effect.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
amendment was not then in order.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland resumed his re-
marks in favor of the bill; showed the condition of
the hanks, maintaining that they were prepared to
resume whenever the banks in Virginia and Mary-
land should resume; and if they were compelled
to resume before that time, it would be virtually to
suspend their charters; which would prove disas-
trous in the extreme to the District; he concluded
by moving the previous question.
Oa an earnest appeal from Mr. STEENROD,
however, he withdrew the demand.
Mr. H OLMES of South Carolina then delivered |
an animated appeal against the ruinous conse- |
quenees which most instantly follow to this Dis-
trict, should the bill be rejected. He avowed him-
self the friend of credit, and said he had voted for
the Independent Treasury bill not to destroy, but
to give it stability.
Mr. RYALL of New Jersey made a short speech
in was decided opposition to the bill; but if it mast
pass, h"e was for Mr. Pktrikin's amendment.
Mr. ONDERWOOD spoke for ihe bill, urging
the distress which must ensue should it ful.
Mr. U in the close, moved the previous question.
Mr. PETRIK1N moved to lay the  motion on
the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD withdrew the call for the
previous question, en condition ihht Mr. Welleb
of Ohio, who obtained the floor, should renew it.
Mr. WELL BR spoke for some time with great
animation in opposiiion to the bill, and had not
concluded when the House took recess.
EVENING SESSION.
On leave given, Mr. BANKS of Virginia pre-
sented the petition of John Baggot, an invalid pen-
sioner; and Messrs. JOHNSTON of New York,
CHAPMAN of Iowa, and BOYD, presented me-
morials; which were appropriately referred.
On leave given, Mr. JONES of Virginia, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported back,
with amendments, the Senate bill more effectually
to secure the public money in the bands of the offi-
cers and agents of tbe Government, and to punish  :
public defaulters; which said bill, on motion of
Mr. J. was referred to the Committee of tbe Whole
on the state of the Union, and, together wiih the '
amendments, was ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Toe House resumed the consideration of the bill
from the Senate extending the charters of the Dis-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
trict banks, under certain restrict ons, for the term
of two years.
The question being on the amendment to the
amendment,                                                   '
Mr. WELLER continued his remarks in oppo-
sition to the bill, (eivinsr. way to explanations trom
Messrs. ANDREWS, J DAVIS of Pennsylvania,
and JOHNSON of Mar\land,) and concluded at
ten minutes pa«t five, by calling on all those
friends of the Administration who were sincere
and orthodox in their political sentiments ou the
subject of the banking system, to rally now and
vote against ihe bill.
And Mr. W. in redemption of his pledge to Mr.
Underwood, renewed the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. JENIFER, and a number of other gentle-
men appealed to Mr. Welle  and Mr. Under-
wocd to withdraw the demand. A momentary
j scene of excitement followed, which resulted in the
release of Mr Weller from the pledge imposed
on him by Mr. Underwood, and in the withdrawal
of ihe demand for the previous question.
| Mr. JENIFER then addressed the House in an
energetic appeal to the sense cf justice of the
House towards the disfranchised people of this Dis-
trict; and deprecatiug the attempt to make this a
question of party, and adverting to the deplorable
results which muM. immediately follow unless this
or some similar bill should be pasted.
He was followed by Mr. SALTONSTALL in
some lemarks illustrative ot the injustice which
would be done to the people of the District by the
adoption of the amendment, aad by the refusal of
Coi.gress, the local Legislature of this District, to
pass the bill.
Mr. STEENROD obtained tbe floor, and amongst
other things, went at some length into an examina-
tion of the moral and political evils of the banking
institutions of tbe United States, and of the swin-
dling propensit es b/ which (he said) thry were cha-
racterized.
Mr. HABERSHAM then moved the pievious
question.
Mr. RICE GARLAND moved a call of the
House; which was not ordered.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the bill on.
the table.
Mr. BRIGGS asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, being taken, were—yeas 87,
na>8 104, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs II. J. Andreson,Atherton,Banks,Black,Black-
well, Boyd, A V Brown, Bynum, Carr, (¿arroll, Casey, Clifford,
Coles, Connor.M A Cooper, W R Coorjer.Crary.Davee.Doan,
Dromgoolc. EqrJ, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Floyd, Galbraith, Gerry,
Hammond, Han<l, Hillen, Holleman, Hook, Hubbard, Jackson,
i Jameson, Joseph Johnson C've Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
John W Jone , Keirn, Kenible, Kilie, Leadhetter he wis,
Lucas,   McClellan,   McCulloch.   McKay,   Marchand.  Medill,
, Miller, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, Pai i«h, Parmenter,
Parns, Paynter, Peirikin, Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds,
Rhett, Rives, R binson, James Rogers, Ryall, Samue's, Shaw,
Albert Smith, John Smitii, Tnomas Smith, Starkweather,
Steenrod, Strong, Suirpter, Toylor. Philip F Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Turney, Vro m, Weller, Wick, Jared VV. Wil-
liams, .lenry Williams, and Worthington—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Judson Alien, John W. Allen,
Landaff W. Andrews, Baker, liarnard, Beatty, Beirne, Belts,
Bnggs, Brockway, Sampson H. Butler, William O Butler,
Calhoun, Carter, Chapman, Chmn, Chittenden, Clark, James
1 Cooper, Crahb, Craig, Cranston, Cross, Curtis, Cuahlrtg, Dana,
Da vies, John Davis, G Davis. Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Dellet,
Edwaids, Evans, Everett, Fisher, James Garland, Rice Gar-
land, Gates, Goggin,Graham Graves, Green, Griffin, Grmaell,
Habersham, William s. Hastings, John Hastings, Hawes,
Henry, John Hill of Virginia, Huffman, Holmes, Hopkins,
Hunt, James, Jenifer, Challes Johnston, William Cost Johnson,
Kempstiall, King, Leet, Leonard, Lincoln, McCarty, Mallory,
Marvin, Mitchell, Monroe, Montanya, Morgm SI mis Naylor,
Newhard, Ogle, Osborne, Palan, Peck, Pope, Proífit, Rrandall,
Randolph, Randan, Keed, Ridgway, Edward Rogers, Rus-
sell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Shepard, Simonton, Slade, Truman
Smith, Stanly, Stuart, Talialerro, Francis Thomas, Waddy
Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Tnplett, Trumbull, under-
wood, Vanderpoel, Wagner Warren, Watterson, John White,
Thomas W. Williams Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams,
and Christopher H Williams—10Í.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The question recurring on ihe motion for the pre-
vious question, it received a second; and the main
question was ordered.
i The amendments were then read; and the ques-
tion being first on tbe amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia, (Mr. Coopbr,)
Mr. CoNNOR callel lor the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, called for a divi-
sion of the question, so as to take the question first
on that branch which forbids the issue of notes of
a denomination less than ten dollars.
The CHAIR said that the question would he so
divided.
The question beirig on th  adoption of this branch
of the amendment, viz: 'Piovided said banks shall
not issue notes under ten do.lars," it was taken by
yeas and nays, and resulted in the affirmative—yeas
110, nays 94, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Judson Allen, Hugh J Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Blaik, Blackwell, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown,
Wm. O. Butler, Bynum, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clif.
ford, Coles, Connor, Mark A Cooper, Wm. R Cooper, Craig,
Cioss, Dana- Davee, John Pavis, J, W Davis, Doan, Drom-
goole, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fisher, Floyd, Galbraith, Ger-
ry, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, J Hastings. Hawkins, Hill of
isorth Carolina, Hillen, Holleman, Hook, Hopkins, Hubbard,
Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel
Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kills, Leadhetter, Leet,
Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloch, McKay, Mar-
chand, Medill, Millei, Montan) a, Montgomery, Samuel W.
i Morns, Newhard, Nistiet, Parnsh, Parmenter, Parns.Paynter,
Petnkin, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rhett. Rives, Robinson,
Edward Rogers, Jimes hogers, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, She-
pard, Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkwea-
I Iher, Steenrod, Strong, Sumpter, Taylor, Francis Thomas,
j Philip F Thomas. Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vanderpoel,
Vroom, David D. Wagener, Watterson, Weller, Wick Jared
W    Williams, Henry Williams, and Worthington—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, John W Allen, Andrews, Barnard,
Bell, Biddle, Bous, Bnggs, Hrockway, Ca houn, Carter, Chinn,
Chittenden, Clark, James Cooper, Crabb, Cianston, Crockett,
| Curtis, Da vies, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Del-
let, Edwards, Evans, Everett, James Garland, Rice
Garland, Gates, Gentry, Goggin, Graham, Graves,
Green, Gnnnell. Habersham, William S. Hastings, Hawes,
Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, Hunt, James, Jenifer, Chas.
Johnston, William Cost Johnson, Kempshall, King, Lincoln,
McCarty, Malloiy, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan,
Calvary Morris, Naylor, Ogle, Osborne, Peck, Pope, Randall,
Randolph, Rariden, Rayner, Reed, Ridgway, Russell, Salton-
1 stall, Sergeant, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stuart,
Swearmgen, Taliaferro, Wadáy Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland,
I Triplet!, Trumbull, Underwood, Peter J Wagner, Warren,
Edward D. White, John White, Thomas W. Williams, Jew 
Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and Christopher H. Williams
-94.
Mr.'WELLER moved that tbe House adjourn.
Mr. R. GARLAND demanded the yeas and
nays; which having been ordered,
Mr. WELLER, at the solicitation of several,
withdrew the motion.
Mr. ANDREWS moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. R. GARLAND demanded the yeas and
days; which were ordered, and were—yeas 70, nays
113.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the second branch of the amendment, declaring that
the banks "shall not, fiom and after the first of
January next, issue notes of a less denomination
than weaty dollars," it was taken and determined
in the negative, by yeas 83, nays 99, as follows:
YEaS—Messrs Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton, Banks, Black,
Blackwell, Boyd, Aaron V Brown, Albert G Brown, Burke,
Bynum, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Clifford, Coles, Connor, Mark A.
Cooper, Win. R. Cooper, Dana, Davee, Doan Dromgoole, Dun-
can, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fisher, Floyd, Hammond, Hawkins,
Hil! of North Carolina, Hook, Hubbard, Jameson. Joseph
Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones,
Keim, Kemble, Kilie, Leadhetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas,
McClellan, McCulloh, McKay, Marchand Medill, Miller, Mon-
tanya, Montgomery, Samuel W Morris, Newhard, Parnsh,
' Parmenter, Parris, Paynter, Petnkin, Ramsey, Reynolds, Ro-
binson, E 'ward Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Albert Smith, Thomas
Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, Taylor, Fran-
cis Thomas, Philip F. Thomas, Turney, Vroom, Watterson,
Weller, Wick, J. W. Williams, and Henry Williama—83.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, John W. Allen, Andrews, Barnard,
Beatty, Beirne, Bell, Bolts, Bnggs, Brockway, Sampson II.
Butler, William B Campbell, Carter, Chinn, Chittenden, Clark,
James Cooper, Crabb, Cranston, Crockett. Curtis, Edward Da-
vie , John Davis, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Del-
let, Earl, Edwards, Evans, Eveiett, James Garland, Rice Gar-
land, Gates, Gentry, Goegm, Goode, Graham, Graves, Green.
Grinnell,Habersham,William S. Hastings,John Hastines,Hawes,
Henry, Holmes, Hoffman, James, Jenifer, Charles Johnston, W.
C J ihnson, K>mpshall, Lincoln, McCarty, Marvin, Masnn, Mon-
roe, Morgan, Calvary Morris, Naylor, Nisbet, Ogle, Osborne,
Pope, Froffit, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner, Reed, Ridg-
way, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergean', Shepard, Simonton, Tru-
man Smith, Stanly, Stuart, Swearmgen, Taliaferro, Waddy
Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Tnplett, Trumbull, Under-
wood, David D. Wagener, Warren, Edward D White, John
White, Thomas W Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Wil-
liams, C H   Williams, and Worthington—99.
So this branch ot the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PARRIS moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. RAMSAY demanded the yeas and nsys;
which were not ordered.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, Julv 2,1840.
The VICE PRESIDENT informed the Senate
that after to-day he would be absent dcuing the re-
mainder of the session.
i
