CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4§0
The VICE PRESIDENT a*  «abmued a-----
•act fro  the P.w«dent of the Untied States, trans-
muting • statement of the transfer  of appropna-
uoa* for the naval seme*, during the pant yean
wh>eh was ordered lo be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from to  Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to wh«ch wat referred the memorial of
Ana W. Angas aad the memorial of John Lang,
asked to be cinenarged from the further ooasidera-
ooa mereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. W. m pvrtaaac* of previowa notice, asked
aad obtained mart to introduce a bill to amen J an
aei to racaiatt the pay of the aaty of the United
Qiant, which was rem), aad ordcied to a second
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Oa m ooa by Mr. TAPPAN, tat joint rasóla 
ooa from the House, fixing Tuesday «lie 91st ins .
at S oYJock, p. m. as the ume for the adjournment of
Congress, was takes an, eoastrtered, and agwed to,
ADMISSION OP FLORIDA.
Mr. WALKER, Horn the Select Committee to
which had been referred various memorials on
the rabjeei, reported
A Mil for the admission of Florida into the
Union oa certain eoodiuons.
(The bill providest hat the State shall embrace
the (embones of East and West Florida, as de-
scribed in the Constitution adopted by the people of
Florida, Jaaoary II, 1839 ]
Also, a bill providing for the division of Flori-
da, aad the admission of the States of East anp
W«m Florida.
[Tus bill provides that, after the admission of
Florida, the Legislature may p*«s a Uw dividing
the State into two Slates to be designated East and
West Florida—the divrdia* line to be tbe Suwan-
nee river, without further proceedings of Congress,
hat not antil tt is ascertained that the population east
as wall as west of the Suwannee shall exceed
thirty thousand.)
The bda were respectively read, and ordered to
a aeroad reading.
The bill regulating tbe pay of pnr.-ers in the
navy was taken vp, as in committee of the whole
aad after being di«cus<td by Messrs. WIL-
LIAMS, SOUTHARD, CALHOUN, HUBBARD,
KIN J, and PIERCE, was ordered lo be engrossed
for a third reading.
The bill to provide for tbe more faithful execu-
tion of tbe laws in relation to the collection cf do-
nes oa imports, was taken up, the question being
en the amendment submitted by Mr. HoimirroN,
which dteJared aoy witness incompetent who should
have any interest whatever in the cause, similar to
the interest of lb* party in whose behalf be might
be called to temity, and after a debate, in which
Mews. HUNTINGTON, WRIQHT, HUB-
BARD, CALHOUN, STRANGE, and PHELPS
participaie<i, it was laid on the table.
The Senate then went into Executive session,
And then a Ijoarned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, July 3, 1840.
Oo motion of Mr. JOHN DAVIS of Pennsylva-
nia, the journal of Tuesday was so amended as to
allow bis vote (which had been accidentally omit-
tad in a certain ease) to be inserted thereon.
Mr- ADAMS, from the seiectcommittee to whom
had been reft/red tbe memorial of the American
Pfl'losophicaJ Society, requesting the aid of Govern-
ment in carrying on a series <-f observations, asked
leave to make a report.
Mr. A. explained that the reason why he was de-
mons to mase the report at this time was, tbat the
report concluded wuh a resolution making an ap-
propriation to cany oat tbe object, which it wa,
proposed to make in tbe shape of an amendment to
thtarmybilL
Mr. PETRIKIN objected lo any amendment of
the load.
Mr. ADAMS said be most (hen move a suspen-
sion of the rules, and be asked the reading of tbe
resolmioa with which tbe report concluded. It was
read, as follows?
Rmhtd, That the sum of twenty thousand dol-
lar  ought to be appropriated for the establiahment
rift several Mat ions, at suitable distances from ,
each other, for making observations of terrestrial
magnetism anl meteorology, conformably to the
invitation from the Royal Society of Great Britain
to the American Philosophical Society at Philadel-
phia, and other learned societies m the United
States; ami th.it the said sum should be placed un-
der the direction and at tbe disposal of the Secretary
of the Na y, for the fulfilment of those purposes,
be to account for tbe expenditures thus authorized
to the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. A. having explained that he did not intend
to press the question on the resolution at this time,
bat wished simply that the report should be laid on
the table and printed—
Mr. PETRIKIN withdrew his objection.
And the report and resolution were laid on  the
table, and or ered to be printed.
The unfinished business of the morning hoar
was declared by the Chair (which was occupied
during ihe whole morning by Mr. Brioos, of Mas-
sachusetts) to be the following resolution heretofore
reported by Mr. Bxll, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs:
"Jtaefetif, That so much of the resolution of this
House of the 7ih of March list as d*c!ared the ex-
pediency of suspending tbe further execution of the
first and second clauses of the fouitta article of the
treaty made with the Winnebago Indians in 1837,
be rescinded."
Mr. CRARY was entitled to the floor, bat, not
being at the time in his seat,
Mr. BELL said he knew, from the last con-
versation that he had held with the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Crary,] that he had now no objec-
tion to the resolutii n.
Mr. PETRIKIN said that if the gentleman from
Michiean [Mr. Crjrt] did not object to the resolu-
tion, be (Mr. P.) did.
Mr. P then proceeded to oppose the resolution,
on the ground that he disapproved this mode of
making reports by detachments. The resolution,
be ¿aid, ought not to be adopted until the commit-
tee liad made the whole report.
Mr. BELL concurred, be said, in the opinion of
tbeeent'fman, as a general proposition, that re-
port* onght to be made in full. The only ground
on which a majority of tbe Committee on Indian
Affairs had recommended the passage of this reso-
lution before tbe whole report was made on ac-
count of the suffering of individuals who held these
drafts—many of them innocently—and whose cre-
dit might be destroyed, and whose property might
be injuiel, if such a resolution were not passed.
Tbe committee did certainly expect to make a re-
port in full on the other branches of inquiry sub-
mitted to them; but he feared the preparation of
that resort would take almost to the last hour of
the session. The committee were indeed aware
that some injustice mi? hi be done to individuals by
the adoption of iht resolution; but they were also of
opinion that far greater injustice would be done if
a different course were pursued. He trusted that
the House would see the propriety of adopting the
resolution.
Mr. RAMSEY called for the reading of the re-
solution, which having been read,
Mr. RAMSEY said the first board of Commis-
sioners closed its sessions, and the drafts which
are now asked to be paid, were issued ;n October,
1S38. Tbe proceedings of that board, after being
set afide by the Secretary of War, were brought
before the House of Representatives by a resolu-
tion parsed Februarv 19, 1839, as appears by do-
cument N.). 229. On the first of March, 1839, on
(he allegation of frauds having been committed
by partisans of tbe Administration, tbe whole sub-
ject was referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, but it being only two days before the close
of the session, it was not acted on. Notwith-
standing, the Secretary of War appointed a new
commissioner (Mr. Fleming of Ne# York) to ex-
amine and adjudicate open these claims it nevo.
This commissioner closed his business at Prairie
du Chica on the 12th day of last October, but did
not report his proceedings, as appears, to the War
Department, until the latter part of February.
Since tbat time the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs have bad the subject under consideration.
There does not appear to have been any disposi-
tion heretofore manitested by those having charge
of tbe business to hasten the payment of thes*
drafts. The Opposition party charged fraud and
corruption against the first board of commis-
sioners, and have not jet substantiated these
charges. I wn-h to afford th<  gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Bwx] and Im friends time to make
good their allegations if they can. The proceedings
ol the new board are also asserted to be unjust and
oppressive. It is said that there have been favor-
ites in the division of the spoils under the Winne-
bago treaty; that out of #150,000 provided to pay
the debts of this nation, certain prefirtnc* ertdUors
obtained $130,0001 and these who believe them-
selves entitled to more than one-half of the whole
 nm, were only awarded #20,000. The piel erred
or favorite creditors are anxious for immediate pay-
ment, and talk about delay, hardship, &c. Those
who believe they have suffered wrong, (although
they ate pi.or and want their money) claim a new
investigation.
Now, as the Opposition have charged fraud and
carruption and attempted to fix u on the Admi-
nistration and its officers, I wish the road to inves-
tigation to be kept open, and not to be temporarily
closed for the purpose of benefiting some of the
opponents of the Administration, connected wuh
the American Fur Company. It fraud has been
practised by the officers of the Government, I
shall be ihe last to shield them, and am anxious for
a full, free, and uninterrupted examination of the
whole affair. I therefore move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. BELL a ked the yeas aud nays on that mo-
lion, wh'ch was ordered.
The reading of the two clauses of the treaty re-
ferred to in the resolution having been called for,
and the same havins been read—
Mr. BELL wished, he said, to state a single
fact. He was understood to *ay tbat this proceed-
ing had been authorized by the War Department,
the appropriate constitutional au'hority for execut-
ing the treaty.
And the question was then taken, and dtcided in
tbe affirmative—yeas 88, nays 82.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. BELL inquired of the Chair whether a
majority or a two-thirds vote would be required, at
any time hereafter, to take the resolution up?
Tbe CHAIR was understood to express the
opinion that a vote of two-thirds would be requi-
site.
Mr. PROFFIT as>ked that the House would (by
unanimous consent) take up the Senate bill on
the Sfkakbr's table, in relation to a tract of land
in the State of Indiana, not located, and which
lay in tha district of his absent colleague, [Mr.
Howard.]
Mr. W. THOMPSON said he would not make
any objection, but he wished tbe gentleman would
defer the motion for the present, as he (Mr. T.) was
desirous to make a number of reports from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PROFFIT said be would let the matter lie
over for the present.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON, jr. from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill making
an appropriation for paying the claims of the mili-
t a of Vermont, called out by the Governor of that
State, to prevent an unlawful incursion into Cana- #
da; which was read twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the stale of the
Union.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, reported
back to the House, without amendment, Senate bill
entitled "An act for the organization of a company
of sappers, miners, and pontoniers; which was re-
fer ed to the Committee of tbe Whole on the state
of tbe Union.
Mr. T. also reported back to the House, from the
same committee, with an amendment, Senate bill
entitled "An act for the relief of the corporate au-
thorities of the city of Mobile;" which was com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole House to-
morrow.                                      „        ,       ..
Mr. T. also reported back to the House, from the-
same committee, without amendment, Senate bill
entitled ««An act to regulate enlistments into the
