509
ever, felt constrained to interpose, but hoped tha.
the gentleman would not extend his remarks,
When several gentlemen having given notice
that it was uow half past two o'clock,
The Hou e took its usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
After the rscss the House met, and the pending
question being whether Mr. Cdshing was or was
not in order in the remarks he ha«i made just before
the recess—
Mr. CLIFFORD insisted that the Chair should
pronounce its decision.
The CHAIR, (occupied temporarily by Mr.
Briggs, after some conversation, decided Mr. Cosh-
inq to have been out of order.
Whereupon Mr. CLIFFORD objected to Mr.
Ctü-HiNG proceediag without leave of the Honse.
Mr. CUSH1NG took an appeal; but.aftera good
deal of desultory conversation, consented to with-
draw his appeal, and to forego his intention of pro*
ceeding further in his remarks.
The question then recurring on the engrossment
of the bill and amendments for a third reading—
Mr. CHINN mowed a call of the House; but
the previous question having been ordered, the
Chair decided the motion not to be in order.
The amendments having, at the request of Mr.
Adams, been again read,
Mr. LINN BOYD moved to lay the bill and
amendments on the table; but afterwards withdrew
the motion.
Mr. LINCOLN took an appeal from the Chair's
decision ihat a call was not in order; but after a
dúcus^ion on older, the decision of the Chair was
sustained—yeas 105, nays 34.
The question on the third reading of the bill
again recunio?. it was decided by yeas and nays—
yeas 69, rays 90, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Judaon Allen, Hugh, J. Anderson, Beatty,
Beirne, Bell. Blackwell, Carter, Cliapman, Chinn, Crabb,Craig,
Crary, Davies, John Davis, Duncan, Earl, Ely, Everett, Fine,
Fornance, Oilbiaith, James Garland, Griffin, Grinnell, Hand,
John Hastings, Hawes, Hoffman, Hook, Hunt, Jackson, James,
Charlea Johnston, Kemble, Leadbetter, Leet, McCarty, McCul-
loch, McKay, Marvin, Montanya, Naylor. Newhard, Parn.'h,
Petrikin, Pope, Prentiss, Ridgway, Rivea, Roi>ineon,Eilward Ro-
fers, Russell,SaltonstalLSereeant, Slade, Albert Smith, John
mith, Truman Smith, Thomas Smith, 8troo?. Sweanngen,
Francis Thomas, Tillinghast, Triplett, Trumbuil, Vanderpoel,
Waaener, Wagner, and J homas W. Williams—69.
"\           NAYS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Andrews, Ather-
|-„, Banks. Baker, Biddle, Boyd, Brigga, A. G. Brown, Burke,
Calhoun. Campbell, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Clifford, Connor,
Mark A. Cooper,William R. Cooper, Cranston, Crockett, Cross,
Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Dellet, Doan, Dromgoole, Eastman,
Fdwards, Fisher, F oyd, Gates, Gentry, Gerry, Goggin, Green,
i awkms, nenry, Hillen, Holleman, Hopkins, Jameson, Jenifer,
Joseph Juhnson,Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W.Jones,
Keim, Kempshall, Kille, King,Lincoln, Lucas, Mct'lellan, Mal-
lory, Marchand, Mason. Miller, Morgan S W. Mor, is, O3borne,
Paien, Parmenter, Parris, Faynter, Peek, Ramv y, Randen,
Reynolds, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Simonton, Starkweather,
Steenrod, Stuart, Sumter, Taylor, Waddy Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Turney, underwood, Weller, John White, Wick,
He >ry Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and John T. H. Worth-
iogtoti—i,0.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. W. C JOHNSON asked leave to introduce
a rill from the Committee for the District, to con-
tinue the corporate existence of the banks in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi objected.
Mr. JOHNSON moved for the suspension of
the rules, and demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. KEIM moved to lay this motion on the ta-
ble; but soon after withdrew the motion.
The question then recurring on suspending the
rules, it was decided by yeas 94 and nays 86, as
i       follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, John W. Allen, Andrews,
Baker, Beiree. Bell.Botts, Briggs, Brockway, Calhoun, Wil-
liam B Campbell, Carroll. Carter, Chapman, Chinn, Chitten-
den, Clark, Crabb^Cranston, Crary, Crockett, Cross, Cushing,
Edward Davies, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Del'et, Edwards,
Everett, Fisher, J iines Garland, Gates, Gentry, Goggin, Gra-
ham, Green, Griffin, Grinnell, William S Hastings, Hawes,
Henry, Hoffman, Hopkins, Hum, James, Jenifer, Challes
Johnston, William Cost Johkson, Kempshall, King, Lincoln,
McCarty, Mallory, Marvin, Mason, Monroe, More ?!, Naylor,
Ogle, Osborne, Pdlen, Pock, Pope, Randolph, Randen, Ray-
oer, Reed, Ridgway, Robmsen, Edward Rogers, Russell, Sal-
tonstall, Sergeant, Shepard, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith,
Stuart, Taliaferro, Francis Thomas, Tillinghast, Toland, Tiip-
lett, Trumbull, Underwood, Peter J. Wagner, John White,
Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams,
Christopher H. Williams, and Worthington—94
ÑAYS—Messrs. Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton, Banks, Beatty,
Black, Blackwell, Boyd. Albert G. Brown, Burke, William O.
Butler, Carr, Casey, Clifford, Connor, Mark A. Cooper, William
R. Cooper, Crate, Dana, Davee, John Davis, Doan, Drom-
fWle, Duncan, Sari, Eastman, Ely, Fia , Floyd, Fornance,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Galbraith, Gerry, Hammond, Hand, John Hastings, Hawkins,
Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, Holleman, Hook, Hubbard,
Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel
Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemhle, Kille, Leadbetter, Lucas,
McClellan, McKay, Marchand, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery,
Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parrish, Pumenler, Parris,
Payn'er, Petrikin, Premias, Ramsey, Ri ynolds, Rives, Ryall,
Samuels, Shaw, Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith,
Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, Taylor, Jacob Thomp-
s*n, Turney, David D. Wa?ener, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Wil-
liams, and Heniy Williams—86.
There not being two thirds, the rules were not
!   suspended.
Mr. HOLLEMAN wished to make a statement.
Mr. PROFFIT objected,
Mr. HOLLEMAN moved to suspend the iules
to introduce a new bill ex'ending the charter of the
banks for two years, for the sole purpose of wind-
ing up their affairs, and restricting the banks from
doing any thing else.
The qaestion being put, the yeas and nays stood
as follows—yeas 155, nays 18.
So the rules were nuspended.                                  '
Mr. HOLLEMAN having slightly  modified his
bill, it wa* read the first time, as follows:
A BILL to continue the corporate existence of the
I       banks in the District of Columbia for certain ¡
I       purposes.                                                                 ' |
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Represen-   ,
tatives, Sfc. That the provisions, restrictions, and
i   enaciments of the act of Congress of the 25th May,
l    1838, entitled "an act to exiend the charter of ihe    i
I   Union Bank of Georgetown, in the District of Co-
j   lumbia," be, and the same are hereby extended to
i   the Farmers' and Mechanics' B*nk of Georgetown,
i   the Bank of the Metropolis, the Bank of Washing-
ton, the Patriotic Bank of Washington; the Bank of   .
the   Potomac and the Farmers' Bank of Alex- .
I   andria;   Provided, That whenever in   the ongi-   |
;   nal    act   the   1st   of   July,   1838, occurs,    it
shall be so construed as to mean the 4 th of July
1840; and whenever the 1st of July, 1842, occurs,
it shall be construed to mean the 4th of July, 1844.
Mr. ADAMS inquired whether it made no dis-
tinction in iavor of the Patriotic Bank, which never
had susdended specie payments,?
Mr. HOLLEMAN replied that it did not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice of his intention
to offer the following amendment in case the bill of
Mr. Holleman sbould not meet with favor:
" That the several acts of Congrecs creating and
granting charterslo the several banks in the District
ol Columbia which were in force on the 1st day of
July, 1840, be, and the same are hereby, continued
in full force for the term of two years from and
after the 4th day of July, 1840 : Provided, however,
That no one of the existing banks shall declare or
make any dividend of its profits among its stock-
holders iluring the time it fails to fay specie for i's f
notes: And provided, further. That all the profits
hereafter made by any one of the said banks over
and above six per cent, upon its capital, clear of
expenses, shall be paid over to the corporate au-
thorities of the city in which such bank is located:
And provided, further, That said banks shall seve-
rally resume the payment of specie for their notes
thrown into circulation, within ninety days from
the said 4th of July.l 840."
Mr. McKAY proposed another scheme. Its
general outline was to continue the corporate ex-
istence of the banks to the 1st of January next, they
not to exceed their present amount of discounts
previous to that time, and after then to make no
new loans, and after the 4th ef March to emit no
bills.
Mr- THOMAS suggested sundry objections to
Mr. Holleman's bill, and suggested the adoption
of a bill exactly similar to that under which .(he af-
fairs of the Union Bank of Georgetown were wound
up.
Mr. HOLLEMAN, after a brief reply, moved
the previous question.
The call was seconded, 80 to 61, put, and car-
ried.
And the question being on the second reading of
the bill,
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert the substitute
quoted above.
Mr. CLIFFORD demanded the previous ques-
tion.
But the House refused to second the call—ayes
67, noes 68.
Mr. THOMAS then moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Underwood, by inserting the bill for
windkftc up the affairs of the Union Bank of
Georgetown, the names and dates alone being
altered, iugges'ing that it would be best at once to
make a final settlement of the whole question.
Mr. DAWSON protested against the who'e
proceeding, and contended that it was nothing hut
an indirect mode of destroying the Siate banks. He
concluded by moving a reference of the whole
subject to a select committee.
Mr.VANDERPOEL replied with much warmth
and sincerity. His remarks will be given in full
hereafter.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON addressed the House at
length, giving his reasons why he could not vote for
either ot the amendments. He concluded by de-
manding the previous question; but, finding that
this would cut off Mr. Dawson's motion to commit,
withdrew it.
Mr. VANDERPOEL replied to Mr. Dawson
with much warmth.
Mr. HOPKINS of Virginia obtained the floor,
but yielded it temporarily at the request of
Mr. UNDERWOOD, who slightly modified his
amendment.
Mr. HOLLEMAN gave notice that, having ex-
amined the substitute proposed by Mr. Thomas, he
entirely approved of it, and would, in conse-
quence, withdraw the amendment he had before
proposed.
Mr. ADAMS remonstrated on putting the spe-
cie-paying and non-specie paying banks on the
same footing.
Mr. DAWSON withdrew his motion to commit
to a select committee.
Mr. HOPKINS then made a speech warmly re-
monstrating against the destruction of the District
banks, and thereby oppressing and ruining persons
who were unrepresented and without remedy.
Mr. WELLER of Ohio obtained the floor, but
yielded to a motion by Mr. Pktrikin for an ad-
journment.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays,
which, being taken, resulted as follows—yeas 83,
nays 73.
S j the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 3,1840.
The Senate was called to order by the Secretary,
and immediately proceeded to ballot for a President
pro tempore.
The ballots having been counted, it appeared
that
The whole number of vo'es given was   -   29
Of which Mr. King received      -           -   23
Scattering,           -           -           -           -     6
Mr. King, having received a majority of the
whole number of votes given, was declared duly
elected President of the Senate pro tern.
Mr. Calroon and Mr. Kkight having conducted
Mr. Kino to the chair, he addressed the Senate as
follows:
Gentlemen of the Senate: Observation and expe-
rience have convinced me that, so long as this body
continues to be distinguished, as heretofore, by or-
der and regularity in its proceedings, and by deco-
rum in debate, the presiding officer will have no
difficult task to peiform. Under these impressions,
I enter upon the discharge of the duties you have
been kind enough to devolve on me. I shall en-
deavor as far a  possible to discharge these daties
faithfully; 1 know that I will discharge them ho-
nestly. My earnest desire is to do justice to ail,
and preserve order, should it ever be unfortunately
departed from; but I shall endeavor to preserve it
in a manner least offensive to any individual mem-
ber. Should I at any time fall into eiror, these er-
rors will, I trust, meet with the kind indulgence of
the Senate, and that I shall constantly receive the
aid and assistance of every honorable Senator, in
the discbarge of the duties to which I am called.
Should I receive that, I have no doubt that they
will be discharged satisfactorily. I tender you my
sincere thanks for the honor you have conferred
upon me.
