504
COÑGttESSIONAL GLÓBE
jected to by one Senator (a Senator from North
Carolina, not now a member of the Senate) and he
then attempied to make the same motion that is
now pending, but was ruled lo be out of order.
Firnl'y, upon en appeal made hy the Senator from
Missouri to tie Senator from North Carolina, the
objection was w thdrawn. It was in that way, and
that way only, tint the bill was brought before the
Senat . Not a member of the Senate hazarded the
opinion tha' the object could bi reached by appeal-
ing from the deci mn of the Chair.
rhe PRESIDENT read the rale requiring that
each bill should receive three several readings, and
on three different days, unless by the unanimous
consent of the Senate. It was also, he said, the
opinion of I lie Chair that a motion to suspend a
rule must he over, though the contrary, he admit-
ted, was not wit'iout precedent.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky maintained that, by the
Constitution, each Housp had power to make its
own rules, and that none of these rules conld at any
time be beyond the power of the body.
The PRESIDENT s>aid that, in the present case,
he had decided that it was so.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said, if the Chair de-
cided that it wa-> not in. the immediate power of the
Senate to change any one of its rule , ne now,
though with great re'uetance, appealed to the Se-
nate from that decisi >n
Mr C after some further remarks, subsequently
wro'e down his ap> eal, stating, in substance, that
the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] moved to
susptni ihe rule w ,uh was thought to require a
day's no'ice o' any alteration in the rules, and a'so
to suspend that fuuier rii'e which required the
thres readings of a bi'l ou three diff rent dajs, un-
less by unanmous consent; that the Chair decided
that this motion was not in order; and on this deci-
sion the Senator fiom Kentucky [Mr. Clay] took
an appeal.
Mr. WRIGHT had no strong feeling on the sub-
ject before them. He did not desire to be captious
in legis'ation; but he wished the Senate to look at
the situation in whi'h it was placed. A new bill,
and one complicated in it? provisions, came from
the House of Representatives, adopting former legis-
lation as a part of its snbs'ance; and what were they
told? Why, that that bill was to become one ef the
laws of the United States this day, or the most se-
rious consequences, which gentlemen feelingly por-
trayed, must ensue. Now be would ask gentlemen
in the spirit of caaJor, if it was expected or be-
lieved that a bill of this kind could take it3 second
reading, pa^s into committee oí the whole, be dis-
cussed, amended, ordeied to a third reading, (and
let it be remembered that when it comes to a third
reading the same difficulty will occur as now) and
go back to the other House, be enrolled, sent to the
President of the United States, ar.d returned by him
wuh his signature, all in one day? Had any Sena-
tor believed that all this coald be preformed be-
tween «hi* ti.ne and twelve o'clock to-night, in the
face of a fair, intelligent, and deteimined, though
not a raptiouí opposition? He could not believe
it, a<*d he begeed the Senate not to wipe out its
rule  wuh such little promise of utility. He knew
that many members ot the Senate were anxious,
and honestly so, lor the passage of the bill. For
himseif, he dffered with them. He d.d not believe
m the abatement of sui s wnen the clock strikes
twelve to night. He appealed to the Senate to say
whether it was worth while to try to run these bills
through in so burned a manner. We know
and see, continued Mr. W. that it cannot be
run throueh unresisted. There was an opposition,
though small, here, to a certain class ot these in-
stitutions, but there was none to a different class
of them. In reference to such a law as would
save all the rights of these corporations, and enable
them to wind up then affairs, he knew there would
be no oppo->iinn to it. But in opposition to that
legislation which woud continue lo them the power
to discount upon irredeemable paper, there was a
small but determined minority. He believed they
could not make that bill a law to-night, if they
were to wipe out every rule of the Senate; and a
failure of one minute to them would be a* fatal as
the fallare of a month. Then, «aid Mr. W. let as
look ftt this matter coolly.   Let us act on it as a
legislative body should—act liberally^and rightfully,
et u&Mitwiih due deliberation^
Mrf-CLjAxbf Alabama said heMvished to sub-
it a few remarks in reply to the Senator from
New York. In regard to the effect on these corpo-
rations, if they are not renewed, every lawyer must
be familiar with it. Are these like natural per-
sons? No. They are created to exist for a certain
period, and that exis'ence, by limitation, termi-
nates on to-morrow. How then can there be any
doubt that all their powers, as a corporate body,
will terminate with their corporate exigence? There
is no law to extend them for the collection of their
deb's, or any other] purpose whatever. He was
willing, however, to meet the Senator ia that
spirit of courtesy, for which he was happy to say
he was d stinguishei. But did not even that Sena
tor's own statement show the necessity f jr doing
something, and he wished to see the sense of the
Senate taken, whether they were disposed to con-
tinue their charters for any purpose whatever. If
restricted to winding up their affairs, be it so; but
let the sense of the Senate be taken. He had as
little interest personally in this matter as any other
Senator. He was not a stockholder in any bank
of this District, or elsswhere; nor had he any thing
to gain, or lose, personally, by the result, whatever
it misht be.
Mr. C. said, he was satisfied the prevailing bank-
ing system was wrong in principle—it required
reformation—and on a proper occasion, he woald
unite with other gentlemen, as far as might be in
his power, to produce the necessary reform. He
thought, however, that the present moment—in the
midst of unusual pressure and embarrassment—
was wholly inauspicious to any radical reform.
He said, let the difficulties of the present times pass
by, and our accustomed prosperity return, and he
would be ready to act.
Mr. C. said the present bill merely proposed to
continue the existence of the present banks of the
District, temporarily—expressly retaining the
power in Congress to terminate their powers and
pnvi'eges, whenever it might be deemed proper.
Let it pass, iind take up the subject, even at the
next session, it gentlemen thought proper, and Mr.
C. would acquiesce. But let us not hazard the
consequences of putting an abrupt termination to
the existence of all these institutions, at the same
moment, without even the power to wind up their
affairs.
Mr. TAPPAN observed that the appeal taken
by the Senator from Kentucky was attempted to
be supported from the urgency of the case. It
was said that great injury would be done by ad-
hering to the letter of ihe rules of former practice;
and it was gravely stated here by men who pro-
fessed to be lawyers, that the suits now pending
between these several banks and other parties will
be abated, unless this or some similar bill passes.
The proposition was here advanced that a suit at
law, by or against a corporation, legally and pro-
perly in court, and there pending, would be abated
by the expiration of the time for which the cha'ter
was given. Now this was a new proposition, for
which the gentleman cou'd produce no authorry.
He had produced no instance of such abatement,
nor could he produce any. The only instance in
which a suit abates while pending, is by the act of
the parties; such, for instance, as the marriage of
a feme covert, when she abates it volun arily. But
as to corporations, he undertook to say, that suits
in which they were concerned did not abate, and
that the Senator was not supported by any autho-
rity in saying that ihey did. Th*n if no such con-
sequence would follow their omission ta act upon
this bill to-day, why did S nators press it
i in  this very unusual manner, as even to(
serge upon the body a disregard of its ruk%?¡
IvWby might not this bill take the usual
course? Was it of so much importance that
these charters should be continued, thai the rules
under which the Senate had been acting for so
many years should be sponged out? There was a
majority of the Senate in favor of continuing them,
and a majority might resuscitate them, if they ex-
pired to-night. He thought the minority had a
right to require bills to be read three times, on three
, several days, in order that they might not be passed
without sufficient deliberation; and in this case par-
ticularly, a law with such complicated provisions
should not be hurried through in the manner pro-
posed. There wat no necessity for it, and he hoped
that it would not be done.
Mr. SMITH of In.'iana here called Mr. Tappan
to order, for digressing from the question immedi-
ately before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT said, the question simply
was: "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
order of the Senate?" This was the simple ques-
tion to be discussed; but he had not interrupted the
Senator from Ohio, because other gentlemen had
taken the same latitude in debate.
Mr. TAPPAN. Then if we are not to go into
the why and wherefore wc should rescind these
rules, the whole debate is out of order. Every
man looking at the rules must see that the decision
of the Chaib is correct.
Mr. CLAY of Ken'ucky wished to make a few
remarks in reply to the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Wright.] The Senator, whose course in de-
bate was always characterized by courtesy and de-
corum, had not confined himself as closely as he
usually does to the question before the Senate. What
we will do with this bill when it is taken up, is a
question behind and beyond the one now before us.
What we have to decide is Ihe simple question of
an appeal from the decision of the Chair; and he
begged Sena'ors to notice that that w«s a question
between tV rules of the Senate and the Constitu-
tion of the United Stales. Tae rules of the Senate
were simp'y a'opted for the government of the
budv. He a°reed with the Chair thit they were a
barrier for the protection of the r.ghts of the mi-
nority; and he was glad to see him and olher pre-
siding officers rallying in defence of the rights of
the mtnorry. From the circumstances of the case,
however, one day's notice could not be given in the
present instance: the neces lty had arisen within
two hours. He had no doubt whatever of the
power of the Senate to saspend or alter their rules
at pleasure, and thought the present one of the
ca«es which would justify the exercne of it.
Mr./CALHOUN earnestly opposed the suspen-
sion of the rule. It was the most important of
their rules; and if it was not adhered to, they
would be left to the mere discretion of the majority,
for the time being
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut would makébut a
single remark. Much stress has been laid Upon
the power possessed by us to change our rules.
Now he would like to know what a rule was good
for if at any mommt i  could be got rid of by the
vote of a majority? What is it worth if at any time
it can be wiped out and expunged from our re-
co^? We all know that a majority governs in
deliberative bodies, and the only protection that a
minority ha? from the impulses of the majority, is
the rules that have been adopted for their govern-
ment; and if these rules are to be subject to the
will of the majority they are without any defence
whatever.
Mr. LINN recollected the case mentioned by the
Senator from Mississippi, and it was one in whxh
he and that gentleman took a deep interest. Mr.
Mangam of North Carolina objected to the suspen-
sion of the rules, and he believed there was not an'
individual present who believed that it couldfbe
done except by unanimous consent. The deep in-
terest felt in the subject by the people of his State
induced him to make an appeal to the Senator
from North Carolina, which had the effect of in-
ducía  him to withdraw h s objections^'
/jlSoroe remarks were here made Bv the CHAIR
and Messrs WRIGHT, CLAY of Kentucky, and
MOUTON, respecting the iorm in which the mo-
tion was put, when Mr. CLAY having modified
Mr. WRIGHT said he was willing to test the
question on the resoluiion as now submitted by the
Senator, though it varied from that which lie first
offered. By a rule of ihe Senate all motions must
lie over one day for consideration, unless* by una-
nimous consent the rule is dispensed with.
Mr. DAVIS said he was as httle disposed as any
one to needlessly change useful rales, but he con-
sidered Ihe present a case of emergency. He thought
that the Senator from New York had hit thenar.
