iow of the matter in hi3 last remarks. The 26th
role says, that resolutions when submitted, mast
Ü8 one day before they can be acted on. But was
, mere motion to amend the rules a reso'ution
within the meaning of the t;nn, as contended for by
the Senator from New York, and as implied by the
jeciiion of the Chair? He differed in opinion with
both the Senators, and considered it no more a re-
solution than the motion to take nip a bill or amend
i bill which is before us, which are made and acted
on instanter. Holding this opinion, he felt at per-
fect liberty to vote for suspending the rules.
Mr. STRANGE said he would vote to support
loe decision of the Chair. It had beea asserted
that there was no rnle bearing upon the motion to
saspend the rule, requiring any two several read-
ings of a bill to take place on two several days, ex-
etptby unanimous confeat. It wasconceded there
was a in'e requiring resolutions to lie over one d*y
for consideration; but it was insisted this rule did
jot apply to the present motion, because it is not a
resolution. The premises are wrong, (said Mr.
Strange,) and therefore the conclusion drawn from
them is unsupported. Every action of this body is
a resolution. Even when you pass a bill, that ac-
tion, carried out inio technical parlance, is,
"so it was resolved lhat the bill do pass " Resolu-
tion is, in fact, the only way by which a collective
bcdy can act. If, therefore, the Senate determines
to saspend a rule, that determination must be ex-
pressed by resolution. Ihe rule, therefore, that a
resolution must lie over one day for consideration,
interposes an insuperable obstacle to its own imme-
diate reversal or suspension. But the high ground
ii assumed that the Senate derives from the Con-
stitution power to adopt rules (or its own govern-
ment, and that from the same source it denvrs the
power of altering them at pleasure. This is all
true. Bat there are principles even above the
Constitution, of which the Constitution can neither
command nor authorize the violation. Tne
peat principle of fidelity to a coaipact so-
lemnly made by those who have the right to
make it, is one of these. When we met here
at the beginning of thus session, we adopted the
rales lying upon our table, which were, in fact, a
compact entered into by us, each with the other, that
after that manner business would be conducted;
and one part of the compact was that these rules
sbonld not be changed, but upon one day's notice.
Hie Constitution, in authorizing us to make rules,
gave us the power to form this compact: we have
Bade it, and it should be held sacred.
But it is said a great public necessity exists—a
pressing crisis-, and that all these formal ariange-
nents must yield to it.   Str, this is a most alarming
proposal.   What are roles worth?   They are made
to check the rashness and injustice of those who
night be disposed to indulge them, in a moment of
power.   If they, then, are to judge when a neces-
sity exists for dispensing with rules, this necessity
will always be found simultaneously with the con-
scionsaess of their restraining influence.    State
necessity is the plea of tynnti-; and it matters little
whether tyranny is exercited by one or Ihe many.
State necessity justified Bonaparte, in the height of
his power, in his own eyes, in dibSJlving the most
sacied compact into which two human beings can
• enter.   His example cannot in this country be fol-
lowed in the fact, but it can in the principle.   I
bope the Senate will pause ere it sets so dangerous
an example. By doing so,' it "will but teach bloody
instructions," which, being taught, will certain'y
"return to plague the inventors."    Gentlemen on
the other side of tbe House look forward to the
triumph of the advocates of power; 1-t us not leave
behind as a precedent which may justify any in-
justice with which, in their day of power, they may
think proper to visit us.   I am inclined to tavor the
bill which caine from the House; but I cannot
break down a sreat principle to accomplish even
«hat I ihink might in iteelf be useful.
Mr. WALL said that the question which the Se-
nate was ca'led on to decide, wa* upon the appeal
«f the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] from
we decision of the Chair. We are not to deter-
mine what the rule ought to be, but what it is. If
tte Chaii has rightly interpreted the rule, his
Wwouinosibe sustained.   What is the decision
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appealed from? That the resolution offered by the
Sena'or from Alabama [Mr. Clay] does come
within the twenty-sixth rule of the Senate, which,
after specifying particular reso'u'ions, dec'ares,
" and all ether resolutions shall lie en the table
one day for consideration." It is now said that
this is not a resolution, but a motion. The whole
question depends on the accuracy of this distinc-
tion. What is a motion in parliamentary lan-
guage? A motion applies to the incidental proceed-
ings of the Senate, under the rules, in its ordinary
legislative or Senaiorial duties. It relates to the con-
duct of business, adjourn men ti, and other incidental
matters, regulated by the express rules adopted by
the Senate or by general parliamentary law. It is
the act of a member, and may be or may not be
put to the Senate for their action. It may never
reach the Senate.
A resolution, however, is the act of the Senate,
designed, in its inception, for its act:on, and is uni-
form, as well as the mode by which it acts. In
page 146 of the rules adopted by the Sánate for
their government, it is said, "facts, principles, and
their own opinions and purposes, are expressed in
the form of resolutions." The Sekate can only
act by resolution, or order. When it commands, it
is called an order. No one can doubt that the
object of the honorable Senator is to procure the
Senate to resolve to rescind or suspend the twenty-
sixth rule. We adopt rules by resolution; we sus-
pend or rescind ihem in the same way. Tne Con-
stitution declare* that "each House may determine
tbe rules of its proceedings." The Senate has de-
termined its rules; it has determined that it shall
be a ru'e of lis proceedings that no rule shall be
changed*, no resolution shall be acted on, without
lying "on the table one day for consideration," for
examination, for deliberation, fur action. It is true
that we may change the rules, whenever we see
proper, but we must change them accorling to the
regulations of the rules which exist. We cannot
effect it by disregarding all the rules whenever we
see proper to abolish them in any way, and at any
time, and the majority have an abject to accom-
plish, that cannot be reached in any other way.
In my opinion, the decision of tbe Chair is cor-
rect. I cannot sustain the appeal. I look upon
this rnle as a conservative rule—conservative of the
rights of ihe minority, and of the rights of the peo-
ple. It is a barrier against impulsive legislation,
always dangerous, and frequently tyrannical.
There is no necessity for this precipitate action
which rides triumphant [ov«r all the rules which
the wisdom or the Senate has provided for its deco-
rum and the best security of ihe rights of all. Tbe
banks can t k* care of themsslves, even if their
charters expire, by proper conveyances.
Mr. WALKER said: The gentlemen who are
opposed to the decision of the Chair, perceived the
position in which they were placed, and endeavored
to escape from it by asbumicg the ground that the
question before them was not a resolution.   Now,
he des red to know whether a resolution had not
been offered by the  Senator from Alabama to sus-
pend one of the rules of the Senate.   When that
resolution should be acteJ  uron, would it not be
acted upon as a resolution, and when it should b*
entered by the Secretary, would it not be recorded
as a resolution adopted by the Senate?   In what
other form could it appear upon the journal than
as a resolut;on offered by the S:nator from Alaba-
ma and adopted by tbe Senate? and not only would
it appear in that form if adop'cd, but it could ap-
pear   in no other without falsifying the journal.
What is the work in which we  are now engaged?
We are told that we are in the exercise of one of the
powers given us by the Constituiiou—that of mik-
ing rules for the government  of our prcceedings.
Now, can the Senate make rules except by resolu-
tion?   Where are  all the rules  contained in the
books on our tables?   Were they not made by reso-
lution?    If ihe Sena'e adopts this resolution, can it
change it in any other manner than  in the  farm
in which it is adopted?     If  the   Senate declares
Hut such   and   such shall   be the   form  ol   its
proceedings—that a bill shall be read three times
on th-ee several days before its final passage-
that is a resolution of the Senate in lorm and
manner prescribed by the Constitution, and we
505
cannot change or nullify i: except in the same
manner.      Why,   sir, >"t us look at the  conse-
quences that will fo'low f-orn adopting the oppo-
site course.    It you can  change any one rule of
the body without a r* ola 'ion, >ou can change the
whole.   If you can remind one by a resolution,
you can rescind all.   If you can suspend one, you
can suspend all.   And, sir, you cannbt only change,
rescind, and suspend the rue*, but you can adopt
new ones, and declare tint it is not done by resolu-
tion.   For what purpose is your presiding officer
placed in his seat?   It is not to make or to change
rules, but to carry into execution such as he finds
on the record.   Well, sir, he  finds that one of the
rules requires that every bill  passed  by the bftdy
! shall have been read three lirnes on  three several
| days; and another rule  that requires each resolu-
¡ tion that is offered to he one day lor consideration,
j neither of which rules can be dispensed with but by
the unanimous consent of the body. Can he change
these rules?   If an effort is made to disregard ihem,
what must be his decision?   He mus', decide as
he hat done, for he is placed in the chair for the
express purpose of carrying out ihe íules, and for
no other.   A resolution has been offered by the Se-
nator from Alabama to change the rule which re-
quires a bill to be read three times on three several
days.   This the presiding officer finds to be a reso-
lution which, under another rule of the Senate, is
required to lie one d.iy for consideration.   Is he
to Carry out that rule, or is he to rescind it ?   If a
resolution, adopted by ihe Senate for the govern-
ment of its proceedinss, can be changed every day
by a majority of the Senate, then we have not the
power to adopt Ihe resolution now in force—and
gentlemen who contend that the rule most be disre-
garded, must also contend that the resolution is a
violation of the Constitution.   The Constitution is
intended as a safeguard for the rights of the mino-
rity in many cases.
i The Constitution cinnot be changed but by a
vo'e of thref-fburths of the Sates, and one of iis
provisions, as to the equal representation of all the
States in the Senate, can be chanpeJ only by the
consent of all the States. Gentlemen say that the
rule is despotic and arbitrary, because it takes
power from the hands of the majority. Sir, the
Constitution was intended to take power from the
hands of ¡he raajotity, in many cases; and the rales
of the Senate were mtenled, in this instance, for the
same purpose; and the very absence of this power
on the part of the mijority, and the very existence
of this right on the p-^rt of ih"! minority, was in-
tended to presirve the liberty of the country. For
what purpose was this resolution that we are now
debating intended? It was intended as a safe-
guard for the liberty or the people—that the acts of
Congre>s, which aie to act compulsonjv on the
people of the whole Union, should not be hurried
through without the necessary deliberation. It was
intended as a safeguard for the rights and liberties
of the minority t^iat this tremendous power of
making laws which are to bind the whole Union,
I should not be exercised in a hurried or impetuous
I manner. It was intended that the votes of those
who are to pi^s tlr se laws should be given not
only with sufficient deliberation of several da>s,but
after a full argument. He was opposed lo making
this change, and pointed out the dangers lhat would
result from it just at the close of the sessions of
Congress, when bo'h Hi uses were tbin and when
bills of the most exceptionable character could thus
in a few moments be rushed through both Houses
of Con2r*s'. The rule was a salutary one, and
should b* enforced. Mr. W. said he recollected a
bi'l in which re felt the deepest interest and on
when he made this very motion to suspend the rules.
Objection was made by a Senator from North Ca-
rolina, not now in his seat, and was sustained
by the Chair, when he reluctantly wihdrew
his motion, believing that the bill was lost,
Trie S-namr from North Carolina, however.
at the solicitation of his friend from Missouri,
withdrew his motirn, and the bill was suffered to
be sent to the President for his signature. Well,
sir, said Mr. W. learning wisdom by experience,
on the 13th of October, 1837, I gave notice that I
would move to suspend ths rule, and on the I4in 4
made th.3 motion as follows;
