CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcJS.
$07
pledge to strike oat that portion of the bill which
eoatmiKd the banking privileges.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said h- would never
toaseot to surrender his independence as a legisla-
tor by any promise or bargain of this kind. He
voo'd not consent to any arrangement which would
KStnct Is e Senate before the bill was open for dis-
cission a ad amendment.
Mr. ALLEN said he must persist in his objec-
tions. If gentlemen were serious in their desire
to save these banks from the consequences which
ihey predicted, they ought to ace pt his proposition.
If they would not, on them would rest the respon-
sibility-
Mr. WALKER suggested to the Senator from
Ohio, that as the same question would come up
oe the third reading of the bill; that is, that
it coa d not be read a third time without unanimous
consent, that his friend fiom Ohio would withdraw
bis objections now, and let the bill go to a second
reiding, when he could submit such amendments
is he too right proper. If he could not succeed in
letting such amendments as would render the bill
steepUbW to him, he could then raise the same ob-
jection to the third reading, and the bill could not
k passed to a third reading, except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CALHOUN presumed there was no one
here opposed to a bill giving to these institutions
the power of collecting their debts and winding up
their affairs in the easiest possible mode to them-
selves and their debtors, and he therefore hoped
the gentleman from Ohio would consent to let the
bill be read a second time Alt was jost as much in
the gentleman's power Unarrest the bill at its third
reading as now, and he could do so should he fail
a ge?*ing the amendments he proposed. For him-
self be never would agree to extend the charters of
stspended hanks, but he was perfectly willing to
five them every reasonable facility for winding up
their affairs. Further, he would not extend the
charters of banks of circulation. He believed that
they [Congress] were the trustees for preserving
tie currency established by the Constitution, and
that the chartering of banks of circulation would be
jacoasiMent with their duty. There was one of
the*e banks, he understood, that paid specie, and he
would be willing to recharter it, provided it was to
be a bank of discount, deposite, and exenangs on-
ly, and not of circulation. He relieved it would
be more profitable to the banking institutions to
conduct their business in this manner, and that it
would be a great blessing to the people of this
country when their banking institutions were con-
iced to the business of discounts, depcsi'es and ex-
Jfenges, without the power of issuing bank notes.
^ Mr. STRANGE said, he regretted the position
a which the Senate was placed, and the consequent
ngchieft wi h which others were threatened. As
Bitters stood, a single gentleman had it in his
power to prevent the further progress of the bill,
oí which a motion has recently been pending for a
second reading, and the whole of one s'de of the
chamber should not be held reponsiblc for the acts
of a fewof its nvmbeis. Whether those few mem-
bers acted well or wisely in resisting the apparent
wishes of a large portion of the body.it was forkhem to
decide; but if they weie wrong, he thought tho^e gen-
men on the other side, who violently declined all
compromise, were equally so. The business of
fife can be conducted only by compromise, and be
hoped gentlemen would yet listen to the suggestions
ofprndeaceAHe, for one, as he had before raid,
•as ftvonmfe to relieving the District banks; and
-    if relief could not be obtained to the full extent, he
vas willing, for one, to unite in at least extending
■ to them the poor privilege of breathing, and thus
_   «void the confusion into which debts due to and
from them, and property held by them, might be
thrown, and the injustice consequent thereon.   He
was aware that his vote on the bill in relation to
„    4eae banks had subjected him to the charge of in-
consistency.   He had seen it in the papers, he had
heard it m t0¡8 chamber.   He cared not for such
charges, but wished to explain his real position.
It was no friendship for banks or bank paper that
prompted his vote.   He «as as hostile to banks of
■ issue as any member of that body, and he hoped to
-     *• the day when no bank of issue woald exist.
But he wished that result to proceed from the en-
lightened action of public opinion, and not to be con-
summated in opposition to that opinion. He believed
public opinion was tending that way, and when it
reached the point he should be gratified. But in
the mean time in legislating for this restrict, which
was the on'y legislation he could be called upon to
make on the subject, a District which has no Re-
presentative of its own, inspire I with the feelings
and opinions of his immediate constituents, he felt
that a parental tenderness should be extended to-
wards it; and that legislation upon it should be, as
far as possible, in conformity to the sense of its
own community; at any rate, that it should not
be subjected to inconveniences or privations, real or
imaginary, for which public opinion in the sur-
rounding communities was not prepared; that a
gentle and not a rough hand should be extended in
healing its ills. Public opinion in Virginia and
Maryland is not yet prepared for dispensing with
bank paper. Abolish banks in this District, and it
will be flooded with bank paper from Virginia and
Maryland. If it must have bank paper, while it
suffers the evil let it have the profit. But again:
wind up these banks suddenly, and you will have
the whole property of the District brought immedi-
ate'y under execution and monopolized at once by
a few moneyed men. By waiting for the steady
advance of public opinion, this District will get rid
of the evils of banking pari passu with the rest of
the Union, and will not be subjected to the distress-
ing convulsions which all sudden changes produce,
ha*%ver beneficial in the end such changes may be.
\Mr. HUBBARD said as there seemed to be no
probability of being able to agree on any measure
relative to the banks, he hoped they would take up
the bill to prevent frauds on the revenue^K
Mr. WALKER concurred in manyof the re-
marks of the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Strange,] and should vote against taking op the bill
named by the Senator from New Hampshire, and
against any bill till this was disposed of. He
should not vote for the recharter of any bank of
issue, and in saying so he had no. particular refe-
rence to the institutions now before them. His
reasons grew out of the evils of the system. But
while he would not vote for banks of issue, he
would vote for banks of discount, deposite, and
exchange, and this he had stated on a previous occa-
sion. But the question was not now whether they
should charter banks of issue or not. The question
was upon enabling these corporations to collect
their debts and wind up their affairs. This was the
amount of the propositio* of the Senator from New
York,and the same proposition had been made by the
Senator from Ohio, and voted down. He believed
that without the pledges that had been required by
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Alien] this was the
course that would be taken by a majority of the
San\te.
•CMr. NORVELL moved to adjourn.   Negatived
as foüowsv^
YEAS^-Messrs. Allen, Clay of Kentucky,
Lumpkin, Nicholas, Norvel!, Roane, Robinson,
Smith of Connecticut, Tappan, Wall, White, Wil-
liams, Wright, Young—14.
MAY3—Messrs. Benton, Ca'houn, Clay of Ala-
bama, Clayton, Davis, Dixon, Fuiton, Henderson,
Hubbard, Huntington, King, Knight, Linn, Mou-
ton, Porter, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Stange,
Sturgeon, Walker—20.
A desultory conversation now took place, chiefly
on the question whether all the powers and liabili-
ties of the banks would irretrievably expire at
midnight with their charters; when, there appear-
ing to be a general understanding that a bill to ex-
tend the charters of the banks merely to enable them
tflTwind up their affairs would not be opposed—
Odr. BENTON, by consent, introduced a joint
resolution continuing the charters of the District
banks for the sole purpose of winding up their af-
fairs; which resolution having been read twice
without dissent—
Mr. HUBBARD moved to amend it by substi-
tuting for it the former portion of the bill from the
House, simply putting the bank? on a footing with
the Union Bank of Georgetown, as before proposed
by Mr. Wrioht.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky moved to add the latter
portion of the bill from the House, which pro-
vided for the extension of their charters.
Several Senators now insisted on an adjourn-
ment, which was moved by Mr. ALLEN and ne-
gatived—ayes 13, noes 24, as follows^
YEAS—Messrs. Allsn, Benton, T-ion,* Lump-
kin, Mouton, Norvell, Pierce, Robinson, Smith
of Connect;cut, Tappan, Wall, Williams, and
Wright—13                         .                     '
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Alabama, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Davis, Dircn, Fulton, Hen-
derson, Hubbard, Huntington, Knight, Nicholas,
Phelps, Porter, Roane, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, Strange, Sturgeon, Walker, White, and
Yíhtng—21.
<   Mr. CLAY  of Kentucky then   withdrew his
amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Hubbard was agreed to,
and the resolution in this form was ordered to be
engrossed.
Mr. CLAY remarked, in the way of moral reflec-
tion, that the Senate had been in the me-rning
charged with legislating too fast; and they had
then spent the day, till six o'clock, in discussing a
question of order; and yet a bill had been intro-
duced, read a first, second, and third time, and
passed, and all this in the course of fifteen minutes.
Mr. WALL. That shows what can be done by
concession and good feeling.
Tbd resolution was then read a third time and
passed, and sent to the House for.coacurreaee.
The Senate then adjourned.'
lESEN
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 3,1840.
Mr. TRIPLETT wished to offer a resolution,
which was read for information, about the expenses
of the war in Florida, the number of troops em-
ployed, «fee.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected.
Mr. TRIPLETT moved to suspend the rules,
but, at the suggestion of the Chair, withdrew his
motion for the present.
Mr. JENIFER wished to have 5,000 extra copies
of a certaiu document, in relation to the tobacco'
trade, printed.
Mr. PETRIKIN objected; and -
Mr. J. did not move a suspension; so the motion
was not agreed to; but, Mr. P. at length consenting
to withdraw, the printing was ordered.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the bill to prolong the charters of the
BANKS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
And the pending question being on the adoption of
the following amendment offered by Mr. Under-
wood of Kentucky, as modified,
Provided further, Tnat if the said banks or any
or either of them, shall wi hin ninety days from
and after the passage of this act resume specie
payments, then the said banks, or such of them as
shall have resumed, shall be entitled to all the rights
and privileges conferred by their present charters,
until the 4th day ef July, 1843, unless Congress >
shall at any time otherwise direct; but if such,
bank or banks so resuming shall at any time after
such resumption again suspend specie payments,
or refuse to pay any of their notes or obligations in
specie, then such suspension or refusal shall ope-
rate as a forfeiture of their respective charters, ex-
cept for the purpose of winding up their affairs un-
der the provisions and restrictions contained in this
act; and provided, further, that in all cases where
the said banks, or either of them, thereafter refuse
payment of any of their notes or obligations, there
shall be a summary remedy therefor, before any
justice or judge having jurisdiction of the case,
on five days' notice, wherein there shall be no su-
persedeas, stay of execution, injunction, or certio-
rari allowed, nor any appeal, except upon an affi-
davit of merits by the president, cashier, or di-
rectors.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That if the president
and directors of either of said banks shall violate
the provisions aforesaid, they and each of them
shall be fined in a sum not le?s than one hundred
nor more than one thousand dollars for every of-
fence, to be recovered by presentment or indict-
ment in any court <f record having junsmetion
thereof.
