508
Mr. WELLER, being «titled to the floor, made
a very powerful and animated speech in opposi-
tion to the bill, and in an exposure of the frauds of
the bunks.
Mr. GRINNELL followed in support of the
banks, and, u the coarse of his remarks, thought
proper to put several qsesti' us to his colleague,
Mr. Vandkrpool, in relation to his views regarding
the issue of small bills.
Mr. VANDERPOOL did not choose to be thus
catechized. He would answer his constituents,
and them only when they thought proper to ask
such questions. He was happy*to say that he
had no "conscience keeper," and would be ever
ready to give a reply when called upon by those
who had the right to put such interrogatories.
Mr. PETRIK1N objected to one gentleman put-
tiag questions to another all the while he was
making a speech.
After Mr. Gbinnkll had concluded,
Mr. COST JOHNSON demanded the previous
question, which was seconded.
Mr. Underwood's amendment (see above) was
then read, and he demanded the yeas and nays up-
on it; which were ordered.
Thi reading of the bill (viz: the bill moved by
Mr. Thomas, and which is a transcript of the bill
for winding up the affairs of the Union Bank of
Georgetown) was called for; and the bill, together
With Mr. Underwood's amendment thereto, was
read accordingly.
The question being put on agreeing to this
amendment of Mr. Umdsrwood, it was decided as
follows:
TEAS—Messrs Judaon Allen, J hn W. Allen, Andrews,
Baker, Barnard, Beatry, Beirne, Bell, Biddle, Bnggs, ikvrk-
yray, Sampson H. Duller, Calhoun, William B. Campbell, Car
roll. Carter, Chapman, Chittenden, Clark, Jamjs Cooper.
Craob, Craig, Cranston, Crockett, Cross, Curtis, Edward
Davies, Garret Davis, Dawson, De*ierry, Dennis Edwinls,
Ely, Evans, Fisher, Uatss, Gentry, Goggin, Goode. tiraham,
Giaves, Green, Griffin, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, Hopkins.
Hunt, James. Charles Johnston, William Cost Johnson, Kemble,
Keropshall, King, L-el, I-incoln, McCarty. Malory, Marvin,
Mason, Montanya, Morgan, Calvary Morns, Nisbet, Osborne,
Palen, Peek, Pope, Randall, Randen, Rayner, Ridgway, Ed-
ward Rogers, Russell, Sergeant, Shejard, thmonion, Slade,
Stanly, Starkweather, Stuart, Taliaferro, Francis TtDinas,
Waddy Thompson, Tillmghast, Toland, Triplett, TrumbulL
tlnderwood, Vauderpoel, Peter J. Wagner, Warren, Edward
D. White, John White, Thomas W. WiUiams, Lewis Williams,
Joseph L. Williams, Christopher H. Williams, and Wortlung-
ton-93.
NA*'S—Messrs. Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton, Banks, Black-
well, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Burke, Wm. O. Butler, Bynum,
Carr, Casey, Clifford, Connor, Mark A. Cooper, William R.
Cooper, Dana, Haven, John Davis, Doao, Dromgoole, Dun-
can, Earl, Eastman, Floyd, Galbraiili, Gerry, Hammond, Joo.
Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, Holleman,
Hook, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Na-
thaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Kemi, Kille, Leadbetier, Lucas,
McClellan. McCulloh, McKay, MarchanJ, Miller, Montgomety,
Samuel W. Morns, Newhard, Parish, Paymer, Petrikin, Pren-
tiss, Ramsey, Reynold*, Samuels, Shaw, Thomas Smith,
Steearod, Siroog, Taylor, Pn. F. Thomas, Jacob Thornpsou,
Turney, D. D. Wageuer, Weller, Wick, J. W. Williams, and
H. Williams—70.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill,
as amended, to its third reading; on which the
yeas and nays, being demanded, were taken, and
resulted as follows—Yeas 108, nays 69.
The bill bemz at its tnird reading,
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. LINN BOYD moved a call of the House,
and demanded the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered, and, being taken, resulted as follows—Yeas
59, nays 86.
So the motion for a call was refused.
The qoestion recurring on orderiug the bill to its
third reading at this time,
The yeas and nays were demanded, and, being
ordered and taken, resulted as follows—Yeas 118,
nays 67.
The bill was thereupon read a third time.
The qoestion being on its passage,
* Mr.  HOPKINS demanded the previous qurs-
tion.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the bill on
the table, but on remonstrance withdrew the mo-
tion.
Mr. KEIM renewed the motion.
On  this question the yeas and nays were de-
manded, and, being ordered, resulted as follows—
Teas 70, nays 120.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The previous question was seconded, put, and
carried, and the main question being on the passage
of the bill, it was real, as follows:
A BILL to continue the corporate existence of the
banks in the District of Columbia, for certain   j
purpOi.es.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-   >
talives, Sfe. That  the provisions, restrictions, and   '
enactments of the act of Congress of the 25th   j
May, 1838, entitled "An act to extend the charter   I
of the Union Bank of Georgetown, m the District    j
of Columbia," be, and the same are hereby, ex-   i
tended to the Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank of   i
Georgetown, the Bank of the Metropolis, the Bank   I
of Washington, the Patriotic Bank of Washington,
the Bank of the Potomac, and the Farmers' Bank
of Alexandtia; Provided, That whenever, in the
original act, the 1st of July, 1838, occurs, it shall
be so construed as to mean the 4th of July, 1840;
and whenever the 1st of July, 1842, occurs, it
thall be construed to mean the 4th of July, 1844.
Provided further, That if the said banks, or any
or either of them, shall, wuhin ninety days from
and after the passage of this act, resume specie
payments', then the said banks, or such of them as
shall have so resumed, shall be entitled to all the
rights and privileges conferred by their present
charters, until the 4th day of July, 1842, unless <,
Congress shall at any time otheiwise direci; but if
such bank or banks so resuming shall, at any time
' alter such resumption, again suspend specie pay-
ments, or refuse to pay any of their notes or obli-
gations in specie, then such suspension or refusal
shall operate as a forfeiture of their respective
charters, except for the purpose of winding up their
affairs under the provisions and restrictions con-
tained in this act; and piovided, further, that in all
cases where the said banks, or either of them, there-
after refuse payment of any of their notes or obli-
gations, there shall be a summary remedy therefor,
before any justice or judge having jurisdiction of
the case, on five days' notice, wherein there shall
be no supersedeas, stay of execution, injunction, or
certiorari, allowed, nor any appeal, except upon an
affidavit of meiits by the president, cashier, or di
rectors.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That if the presi-
dent and directors of either of said banks shall vio-
late the provisions aforesaid, they and each of them
■ shall be fined in a sum not less than ene hundred
nor more thaa one thousand dollars fur every of-
fence, to be recovered by presentment or indictment
in any court of record having jurisdiction thereof.
The yeas and nays were demanded, and, being
taken, stood—yeas 115, nays 75, as follow:,:             :
TEAS—Msssrs. Adams, Judeon Allen, John W Allen, An-   |
drews, Baker, Barnard, Beatty, Beirne,  Bell, Biddle, Bnggs,   l
Brockway, Samson H. Butler, William O. Butler, Calhoun,     ,
William B. Campbell, Carroll, Carter. Chapman, Chittenden,     '
Clark, Jam-s Cooper, Crabb, Craig. Cranston, Crockett, Cross,     i
Curtis,    Dana,  Davies,   Garret   Davis,   Dawson,   Deberry,
Dennis, Delist,   Edward.*, Ely, Evans,   Everett, Fieher, Gal-
braith, Ja3. Garland, Gates, Gentry, Giddings Goggin, Goode,
Graham,  Graves, Green, Griffin, Grinnell, Habersham, John
Hastings,  Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, Hopkins, Hunt,
James, Jenifei, Charles Johnston, Wm. Cost Johnson, Kemp
shall, King, Leet, Leonard, Lincoln, McCarty, Mallory, Marvin,
Mason,   Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Niebet, Osborne, Palen,
Peck,   Pope,  Randall,  Randolph,  Randen,  Rayner,   Reed,
Ridgway, Robinson, Edward Rogers, Russell, Saltonstall, Ser-
eeant,  Shepard, Simonton,Slade Stanly, Stuart, Swearinsen,
Taliaferro, Francis Thomas, Waddy Thompson, Tillingtiast,
Toland, Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood, Vanderpoel, Peter J.
Wagner, Warren, Edward D. White, John White, Thomas
W. William?. Lewis Williams,  Joseph L   Williams, Christo-
pher H. Williams, anl Worthington—115.
NAYS—Messrs Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton, Banks, Black,
Blackwell, Albert G Brown, Burke, Bynum. Carr, Casey, Clif-
ford, doles, Connor,   Mark A. Cooper. William R. Cooper,
Divee, JihnDavis, Doan, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman,
Floyd,   Gerry, Hammond,  Ham!,  Hawkins,  Hill  of North   ,
Carolina, Hillen, Holleman. Hook, Jackson, Jameson  Joseph
Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel  Jones. J. W Jones, Keim,   '
Kille. Lucas, McClellan, McCulloch, McKay, Marchand, Mil-   ¡
ler, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Pariah, Par.
menter, Parris, Paynter. Petiikin, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds,
Rhett, Samuels, Shaw, John South, Thomas Smith. Stsrkwea-   '
ther, Sreenrod, Strong, Sumter, Taylor,   Philip F. Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Turney, David D Wagener, Weller, Wick,
Jared W. Williams, and Henry Williams—75.
So the bill was passed.
The question being on agreeing to its tile,           ,
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON demanded the previous I.
question.                                                               I
Mr. KEIM wi,hed to amend the title, and sent i
his amendment to the Chair to be read; but the |
reading was objected to.                                         {;
Mr. TURNEY demanded the yeas and nays on, }t
the previous question; but the House refused to
order them.
The previous question was seconded, pot j-d
carried; and the main question being on agreeine
lo the tule ol the bill, it wa* agreec to.              *
Mr. HAND then moved to reconsider the l4st
motion, to introduce the following amendment:
"A bill to aphorize special pr.vilege , promote
the circulation of irredeemable paper, and to saen-
fice Republican principles to ihe influence and ex-
pediency of unconstitutional corporations."
Mr. H. on this motion asked for the previous
question, and demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Much confusion ensued, when
Mr. HAND «ihdfw the motion.
THE NEW YORK NAVY YARD.
Mr. HOFFMAN moved the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be ie.
quested to communicate to thte House copies 0f
any correspondence which may be filed, knows to
or within the control of the Navy Depariment, be'
tween Commodore Renshaw, the Secretary of the
Navy, and other persors, concerning the pump and
block maker at ihe Navy Yard at Brooklyn, in the
Slate ol New York; and whether any affidavit has
been made by the .said block and pump maker in
relation to his political opinions, and, if so, to com-
municate to this House a copy of said affidavit
and of every other paper or correspondence on filé
in the Depariment, or within its reach or control
showing that mechanics and laborers at the said
Navy Yard have been employed, retained, or dis-
missed on account of their political opinions.
Objection being made—
Mr. H. moved to suspend the rules to enable
him to offer his resolution, and demanded the j« s
and nays.
They were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows—yeas 101, nays 68.
There not being two-thirds, the rules were not
suspended so as to allow Mr. Hofpman to offer his
resolution.
The House then, on motion of Mr. JONES, of
Virginia, went into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Lincoln in tae chair,)
and took up for consideration the
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ADAMS inquired as to the extent of the
"improvement and necessary repairs" in ihe dif-
ferent navy yards, and why there was so great a
difference in the amouats to be appropriated tor dif-
ferent yards.
Mr-JONES replied, and referred to the report
from the Navy Depariment.
The long enumeiauon of items in the contingent
appropriations being uuder consideration—
Mr. ADAMS moved to strike out the words
•'and Tor no other purpose whatever," as in his
opinion, they amounted to a burlesque, the enume-
ration being so extensive as to embrace every ob-
ject in nature.
Mr. JONES replied, and showed that the words
complained of had been inserted in all former ap-
propriation bills, and U the course of his remarks,
referred Mr. A. to a bill signed by himself in 18S6,
while President of the United States, having the
very same words.
The hour for taking the usual recess having ar-
rived, the committee rose, when,
Mr. PETRIKIN moved that when the House
adjourn, it adjourn to Monday next. But before
any decision was had on the motion, the House
took the usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess,
Mr. HOLMES, on leave, presented the memo-
rial of the Chamber of Commerce at Charleston,
S. C. in relation to certain lighthouses in the city
of Charleston, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Memorials were also presented (on leave) by
Messrs. E. DAVIES, ADAMS, and LINCOLN;
which were appropriately referred.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked action on a resolution
off-red previous to the recess, providing that when
the House adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
After some conversation, Mr. P. waived the pro-
position for the presentí
