510
Waohkr by inserting that the House would, at 11
o'clock to-morrow, proceed to hear and decide on
the claims for Revolutionary services, and of Re-
volutionary and invalid pensioners.
The CHAIR (occupied by Mr. Sergeant pro-
tein.) declared the amendment to b« ont of order.
And the question was than taken on Mr. Wag-
ner's resolution, and decided in the negative—yeas
76, nays 93.
So the House refused to adjourn to Monday.
On motion of Mr. JONES of Virginia, the
House again went into Committee of the Whole
on the ¡stare of the Union (Mr. Lincoln) of
Massachusetts in the Chair) on the navy appro-
priation bill.
Mr. CRARY continued his remarks for a short
time, and had not concluded when, having given
way for a motion to that effect, the committee rose,
and
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, July 4,1840.
After the journal had been read,
Mr. LINCOLN rose and said, that he did not
perceive that the amendment which he had last
evening proposed to the resolution offered to ad-
journ over to Monday had been msened on the
journal. He would not move any amendment, but
he would now renew (in the form of a resolution)
the motion that the House would, at eleven o'clock,
proceed to consider and dispose of bills on the pri-
vate calendar in favor of claims for Revolutionary
services and for Revolutionary and invalid pen-
sions.
Mr. STANLY said he would like to amend the
resolution by inserting that two days of next week
should be set apart for the consideration of these
bills. The House would soon be left without a
quorum, and if any thing was intended to be done
tor the Revolutionary soldiers, let the House take
two or three days of next week, when a quorum
was likly to be present, and not select a day when
no good could be done.
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected to the reception of
Mr. Lincoln's resolution.
A motion was made that the House adjourn;
which motion, by yeas 66, nays 63, prevailing,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, July 6,1840.
Th« CHAIR presented a memorial of toe President and Di-
rectors of the Patriotic Bank of Washington, praying for a re-
aewal of their charter; which, on motion by Mr LUMPKIN,
Was referred to the Committee on the District of CoJumbia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of N. Nye Hall;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. W. also ptesenteda memorial of the Board of Under-
writers of i he city ofNew York, remonstrating against the re-
|ieal of the law of 1837, respecting pilots; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committeee on Naval Affairs, to
which was relerredthe memorial of Andrew Forrest, asued to
be discharged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. W. from the same committee, to whom was referred the
memorial of citizens of Pennsylvania, praying a revision of the
laws regulating the sale and transfer ol American vessels abroad
for the better prevention of the slave trade, said that a bill on
this subject had been reported by the Committee on Commerce,
aid passed by the Senate.
Mr. RUGGLES, from the Committee on Commerce, to which
was refenwd the House bill for the relief ol Boggs and Thomp-
son, Robert and Thomas Hutchinson, and others, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce, to which
was referred the bill from the House for the relief of Robert
Mllnor, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. D. also, from the same Committee, to which was re-
ferred the bill from the House for the reliefof Gilbert A. Smith
and Nathan Stark, reported the same with amendments.
The resolution submitted on Friday last by Mr Clay of Ala-
bama, relative toa change of the rules of the Senate, was, after
some remarks by Messrs. WALKER, CALHOUN, BENTON,
and CLAY of Alabama, laid upon the table.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill to establish and regulate the navy ration;
The bill for the reliefof Hugh Stewart;
The bill authorizing the inhabitants of fractional township
ten *onth, of range one east, in the State of Arkansas, to enter
one half section of land for school purposes;
The bill relative to the transportation ot the mail in steam-
boats;
The bill for the relief of James Herrón;
House bill for the relief of Capt. John Downes;
House bill for the relief of John Mitchell and B F. Fox;
House bill to annex a «ertain tract of land to the Cecea land
district;
House bill allowing further time to the trustees of Centre
Collejeto datposeof the land heretofore granted (oths deaf and
o «b asrlam in the State «f Kentucky,'
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of 1833, and whether the compiomise act would continue
the duties at or below twenty ^er cent, on the value of the
goods, after June, 1842, without further legislation by Con-
gress.
Mr. Calhoun's amendment, providing that this bill should
cease to have effect af er June 30, 1842, was agreed to as
lollow-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Anderson, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Hubbard King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mou
ton, Norvell, Roane, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams,
and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Davis, Dixon,
Huntington, Kni nt, Nichn'a?, Pierce, Prentiss, Robinson,
Ruegles, and Smith of Indiana—V>
Mi BENTON moved to amend the bill by requiring that all
drawbacks on articles manuiactured in the United States from
foreign materials subject to duty should be proportioned to the
duties provided lor by the compromise act of 1833
Mr. DAVIS signified that he was not now prepared to vote on
this amendment, as the subject ef it, he thought, was not suffi-
ciently understood
On motion of Mr WRIGHT, all the other amendments
were agreed to, and the bill, as amended, was ordered to be
printed
Mr CALHOUN intioduced a resolution calling on the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for a copy of all the circulars in relation to
the levenue issued since the adoption of the act of 1832, known
as the compromise act, wliKh was adopted.
The Senate then went into Executive session, and soon after
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, July 6, 1810
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter from the Go-
vernor of Indiana, enclosing the res gnation by Mr. Howard of
his stat a3 a member of this House.
Mr ATHERTON moved to go into Committee of the Whole
on thesta e of the Union.
Mi TALIArERRt) and others warmly remonstrated, ex-
pressing a wish that the committees would be first allowed to
repoi t
Mr DOWNING got Mr. Atberton's consent to m#ve for
the printing ol a hill brought in by hiiu on notice, entitled "An
act to protect the lives ana property of the people of Flouda,
and to bring the Seminole war to an end," which, ol! his mo-
tion, was read.
[We nave not the means of obtaining a copy of the bill, but
It proposed to give the choice ol Governor ol the Te ltory to
the people—the election to take place in November nexi; that
the service of volunteers should be accepted to fight out the
war in Florida; the service to continue one ye.tr, or during the
war; that all landsin the Territory should be taxed to raise
money to defray expenses of the war, except the pay, clothing,
emoluments, &c of the volunteers, and that, to meet all other
expenses of the war, all the public lands in the Territory be
«ranted to the Territory, to be disposed of as the Legislature
shall direct. The Governor of the Territory to have the chief
command of the troops, and to conduct all military opeia-
tions ']
Mr. Downino moved that the bill he referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON opposed the motion, and moved the
reference of the bill to theCommittee on Militaiy Affairs.
Mr. DOWNING briefly explained the obj'ect of tho bill;
which was, to place the further ptosecution of the war in the
hands of the Governor of Florida, wit  { ower to accept the set-
vises of volunteers He said the people of Florida were tired
of trusting the management ot this war any longer to th^m
who were strangers to their interests and feelings, and who
knew nothing personally of the horrid cruelties which were
carried en in that unhappy Territory He wished to make it
emphatically a Florida war, to be conducted by the people of
the Territory, who should be empowered to select ttuxe most
("eeply interested in the result The present militiaof Florida
were greatly reduced and exhausted by previous labors and suf-
ferings in this contest He was for receiving volunteers, and
empowering them to choose their own officers. The bill em-
powered the Governor and Council to distribute lands to those
whose property had been dilapidated and destroyed by the sa-
vage foe In reference to this last provision, he observed that
Mr Benton's bill, from the Senate, proposed to give 3,200,-
000 acres of the soil of Florida to those who would settle on it
and take military occupation of the country. That was more
than would cover all that was proposed to be granted by this
bill, and the Senate bill was understood to meet the approba-
tion of the Executive
Mr D traced the ill success of the war in Florida to the want
of a commander, and the employment of a force not adapted to
the nature of the contest.
' Mr CAVE JOHNSON said he never would consent to send
such a bill to the Committee of the Whole, but waein favor of
referring it to the Committee on Military Affairs; to test the
question, he mo% ed to lay it on th- table, and on this motion he
demanded the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and being
taken resulted as follows—yeas 78, nays 39. No quorunftiav-
mg voted, the roll was again called, when the yeas and nays re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, J. Allen, H. J. Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Baker, Bestty, Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Burke,
Bvnum, Carr, Clifford, Connor, M A. Cooper, W. R. Cooper,
Craig, Cranston, Dana, Davee, Edward Da vies, John Davis,
Doan, Doig, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Evans, Fine, Fletcher, Floyd,
Fotnance, Galbraith, James Garland, Gates, Gerry, Giddmgs,
Goggin, Griffin, Hand, Henry, J. Hill of Va. J. Hill of N. C.
Hook, Hopkins, Jackson, James; Joseph Johnson, Cave Johu-
son, N Jones,Keim,Kempshall,Kille,Lincoln,Lucas,McCle!Ian,
McCulloh, McKay, Mallory, Marchand,Mason,Miller,Montanya,
Calvary Moins, Newhard, Palen Parish, Parmenter, Paynter,
Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Randolph, Rives, Samuels, Shaw,
Slade, J Smith, Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Strong, Taylor, Til-
hiuhast, Toland, Turney, Underwood. Weller, Wick, Jared
W Williams, H. Williams, and Lewis Williams—93
NAYS—Messrs J W Allen, Anurews, Bell, Bnggs, Brock-
way, Calhoun, Wm. B. Campbell, Carter, Casey, Chmn, Chit-
tenden, Clark, James Cooper, Crabb, Crary, Cross, Cushing,
Dawson, Dennis, Dellett, Everett, Rice Garland, Gnonall, Ha-
bersham, William S. Hastings, Hunt, Jameson, Jenifer, Charles
Johnston, Marvin, Mitchell, Morgan, Pope, Promt, Rartden,
Rayner,   Ridgway,   Russell,   Saltonstail,   Sergeant,   Albert
'Copied from the National Intelligencer.
An act from the House granting a section of land for the
use of schools in St Clair county, State of Illinois; and
An act from the Houss granting two townships of land for
the use of the University in the Territory of Iowa;
were severally read a third time, and passed
The bill from the House, to extend the corporate existence
of the banks in the D strict of Columbia, which was read a first
time on Friday last, was read a second time, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia,
COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill to ensure
the more faithful execution of the laws relating to ths collection
of duties on imports. The question bein  on the amendment of
the committee as amended by the substitute of Mr Hüntinston,
declaring any witness incompetent who should have any inte-
rest whatever in the cause similar to the interest of the party
for whom he mijhtbe called to testify—
Mr. CALHOUN asked for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
And the amendment as amended (on Friday last) was agreed
to by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Anderson, Benton, Buchanan, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Cuthbert, Davis, Dixon, Hubbard Hun-
tington, King, Knight, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell,
Phelps, Pierce, Porter, Roane, Robinson, Ruggles, Smith
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wall, Williams, Wright
and Young—30
NAYS—Messrs Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Strange, and
Walker—4.
11      Mr  HUNTINGTON submitted severally and explained a
,,  variety ol amendments, which went to render the bill more ex
11  plicit, thorough, and effectual    All of them were agreed to
without dissent, except one of them, which made the receiver of
imported goods liable, not only if he "knew," but if he had good
reason to believe that the goods were illegally imported    To
this there was one dissenting voice.
On the occasion of presenting this amendment, Mr CAL-
HOUN said he should not object to it, but he proceeded to re-
mark that he considered the measure in general as too severe I
I on the metcantile classes. It was the interest of every honest I
merchant, as much as of the Government, to prevent these !
frauds; yet none of them had asked for a measure of that kind, i'
and if the measure should prove so severs as to prevent the >|
co operation of honest merchants, it must and would prove inef '
fecwal.                                                                                     >
Mr HUNTINGTON and Mr. HUBBARD replied briefly,
and vindicated the measure as calculated to operate hardly on
the fraudulent alone.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the committee, now offered a number
of additional amendments, designed to make the bill more ex-
plicit and effectual.
Some of these amendments wer« discussed by Messrs
WRIGHT, CLAY of Kentucky, CALHOUN, DAVIS, and
HUBBARD.
One of the amendments provided that no mixed goods should
be designated as silk, unless the value of the silk in the fabric
8hou Id exceed the value of all 11*6 other materials On this amend-
ment Mr CALHOUN demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and it was carried in the affirmative, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs. Allen. Anderson, Benton, Buchanan, Clay
of Kentucky, Clayton, Davis, Dixon, Fulton, Hubbard, Hun-
tington, Knight, Linn, Nicholas, Norvell, Porter, Prentiss, Ro-
binson, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan, Wa'I, and Wright—34.
NAYS—Messis Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Henderson
King, Lumpkin, Moutoo, Walker, and Williams—8              '
The other amendments from committee were severally agreed
i    to.
i      Mr HENDERSON moved an additional section to the bill,
i   giving it effect only on and after the first day of January. 1811,
I   and urged that this time would be necessary, in order that mer-
chants might be prepared.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky objected that this extension of time
would be giving so much further license to the various frauds
which had heretofore been committed.
Mr. WRIGHT moved the 1st of September next.
Mr CALHOUN moved the 1st of October, and urged the ad-
ditional and unnecessary difficulty which, making the time
shorter than that, it would occasion the merchants
Mr. HUNTINGTON, Mi. HUBBARD, and Mr. DAVIS re-
plied, urging the increase of fiaud that would be occas oned by
this specific delay; insisting that little evil was likely to result
from the immediate operation of the bill, and even if any case of
gnevance should arise, it would be better to remedy it by spe-
cial legislation, than to allow these frauds to continue
Mr CALHOUN rejoined in fuitherfrchalf of the merchants.
Mr. WRIGHT stated that he had received letters from mei-
chants in New York urging some delay before this bill should go
into effect. He had consequently fixed on the first of Septem-
ber, and he proceeded to Bhow his reasons, in detail, for that day.
Mr. HENDERSON spoke at some length in favor of his
amendment, and Mr KNIGHT against it.
Mr Wright's amendment (Sept. 1,1 to Mr. Henderson's
amendment, (Jan  1,) was agreed to as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Buchanan, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, D iVis, Dixon, Hubbard, Huntington, King,
Knight, Linn, Lumpkin, Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Prent.ss,
Roane, Robinson, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan, Williams and Wright—26.
NAYS—Messrs Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Henderson,
and Walker—4
The amendment, as amended, (Sept. 1,) was then rejected, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anderson, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay of Alabama, Henderson, King, Lumpkin, Robinson, Stur-
geon, Tappan,fWalker, Williams, and Wright—U
NAYS—Messrs. Allen,Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Davis,
Dixon, Hubbird, Huntington, Knight, Linn, Nicholas, Nor-
vell, Pierce, Prentiss, Roane, Ruggles, and Smith of Indiana
—16.
So (all delay being rejected) the bill was left to go into imme-
diate effect.
Mr. CALHOUN movod a final limit to the operation of the
billon June 30, 1842, when the gradual reduction of duties by
the compromise bill will be consummated.
This amendment was debated by Messrs. CALHOUN
CLAY of Kentucky, BUCHANAN, DAVIS, and HUNTING^
TON.
The chief point  in debate were, whether the declaratory
parts of this bill (affecting the amount of duties) ought to con-
tinue in force after June, 1842, when inconsistent with the act
•
