519
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
printed, and *he mo'ion of Mr Cl tr, making it the speci.il order
for Tuóisday. was ag< ee i to.
The resolution relating to an elimination, by a board of dra-
goon 'ftVers "I Colt's i nproved fir  aipn, wis tiken i  an I,
after "b "me amended, w is, on motion of Mr CLAY of \ uams,
laid on the tub r
Mr HENOF.RSOV submitted i mnt resolution to remit the
duties on :i\>n u-ed by fie West Feliciana Railroad, which he
a«*fd might be i in ! lered at the present lime, but ohiertion
beuur, made, Mr II. lave notice that to-morrow he woud ask
leave to introduce he joint resolution
Mr CL\Yof Kentucky, askec1 the Sena'eto indulge him in
taking up out of its order on the calen kr the j >n t resolution
direc'inathe return to the Sta'e ot Kentucky ot 195 ■> ands of
arms Mr. C. havinz explained the merits ol the cas , it was
orde'ed to be ensroased.
Mr. LINN asked to take up from the fibh t'ie bill for the
relief of the heirs ot Mieuel E.sl iva, which, after being ev
plained and advocated by Mr. CLAY of Alabama, was ord-red
to be engrossed
The bill for the relief of James IT Clark was co íoidered as in
commute  of the whole,and, afu. fingía amended as tnal
low said Clark "one Iviiii'red and t- *ty dollars and ninety four
canta," was ordered to be engrossed
The bill to amend an act entitled tin act regulating the pay of
the navy was taken up, when
Mr. W ILLl \.MS entered into an explanation of if? merits,
and a d srus«irm ensued, in which Messrs NORVELL. C VL-
HOUN, DtVlS, BUCHANAN, and others participated, in op-
position to the bill, on the ground tint the power proposed to
begrantel by it to the Secretary 01 the Vavy was mor' than
ought t > be entrusted to any individual; Mr. V\ ILLI\MS . nd
Mr TAPPAN advoca'ed it, contending chat the power was
wholesome, and ought to be incident to the secretary; when
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to lay the bill on the table, which
was agreed to.
COLLECTION OF TIIE REVENUE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill to ensure
the more faithful execution of the laws relating to the collec-
tion of duties on imports. The question being on Mr. Bbn-
toh's amendment, providing that drawbacks on articles manu-
factured in the United States from loreing material, subject to
duty, should be proportioned to the duties as reduced by the
compromise act.
Mr. DWIS said he liad designed to make some remarks
on the subject of this amendment, but having learned that
the committee bal expressed an opiifon unfavorable to any
present action upon it, he would, at ihis time, say nothing
about it.
Mr. Bbntom's amendment was rejected, is follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Allen, Anderson, B nton, Brown, Clay of
Alabama, Lumpkin, Smith ol Connecticut, Strange, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, and Young—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Buchanan, Cathoun, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Cuthbert, Davis, Dixon. Hubbard, Huntington, King,
Katght, Motilón, Nicholas, Norvell, Phelpt-, Porter, Prentiss,
Roane, Robiruoo, Smith of Indiana, White, Williams, and
Wright—23
The bill, aa amended, was ordered to be engrossed by the fol
lowing vote.
YEAS—Messrs Al'en, Anderson, Ben'on, Buchanan, Clay of
Kentucky. Clayloi. Cuthb rt, Dans, Dixon. Grundy, Hubbard,
Huntington,King, Knight, Lmnnki i, M >utoa, Nichclas. Norvell,
Phelps, P.erca, Pi'ter, Pr-otiss, Robu ton, Snv'h oi Connecti-
cut, Smith of Indiam, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wall, White, Wil-
lia ns, Wright and \ oung—32.
N OfS—Messrs. I'rown, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Hender-
son, Strange and WV er—6.
On mouonof Mr. PHEL*'d, the Senate proceeded to consider
House bill for the rehei ol Sylvester Phelps, and the heirs and
legal representatives of Charlea Landrn, deceased.
Mr. P. went at leneth into the merits of this bin, advocating
it with much zeal, a-id was replied u> by Mr. HUBBARD, with
equal zeal, in opposition; whe-i
. On mouonof Mr CLAY of Alabama,
Tie Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tcbsday, July 7, 1840
The Journal of yesterday having been read-
Mr. TRIPLETT rose and asued the unanimous consent of the
House to offer a resolution, winch, >ie said, he had for three or
fo-ir days past desired to present, and which he asked mulic be
read for uiiortnaiion    If any obiectiun was mado, he gave no-
tice that lie would move a suspension of the rule, and ask the
yeas and nays.
The resolution was theu read as follows
Resolved, That the ^¿cretary of War report to this House,
on the first day of ti e next ession of Congress, the amount of
expenditui em suppressing lidian hostilities in Florida, showing
distinctly the vanou.i items of expenditure, that he report the
number of troops employ  J in that service, and the length of
time employed; ('istiii.ruis'img the commissioned officers from
the privates and non rommis-'ioned ofiVers, and the amount ol
pay to those offir«is, and to the no-i-commissioned officers and
privates; the amount püd for Hubsistence and transportation,
aid the items of such expenditure separately;  the other ex-
penses under their appropriate íe^ds, and the items of such ex-
penditure.
Mi. C. JOHNSON olvpctad. He did not, he said, object to
the call for the infm oiit'im generally, but he objected to going
into these details, which wou'd swei, into a volume as big as a
common Bible.
Mr TRIPLETT (under leave) said that the gentleman from
T. nnesaae would not, he was sure, make any objection if he un-
derstood the matter.   The items were called for only wherethey
were necessary to show whet'ier ''\e money had been expended  I i
according to law.
I have not (continued Mr T ) moved in this matter without
reflection. anJsuch information as convinces me thatthede-
taiied inlornnatnn Irequ're ir< a theS*breiary of War is necea-
•ary to our future correct and i ifinne , leg sta'ion on future ap-
propriations for carrying ori the F orí i war as well as to know
how the money we have airea I. a,ipu>piiiiedhas been expend-
ed by the Executive. lhavL, with -onif |n nsaud much labor,
made abstracts from all the appropiiaiion mils lor euppnssing
Indian hostilities, and cat rymg ti.i i k Florida war lor the years
W36,1637, and 1838. which I no.rf : .-ay hand, (which doriotiu-
cludetbe expenses of the reguiat a* my,) and they amount to
#¿0,29^,117. This House aim if j 'ople have a right to know
how in  anwunt of money has jeen expended; and to enow    .
the Hous that Hush not a motion connected with elec íoncer-
ing, I have req'iir-d this information to bernmnitinir nod to the
next Congress—alter the Piesi lential election H over—as I Jul
not exoect to get it at this 1 oel eve the gentleman from Ten
ne*see is mistaken in supposing it will mike a bo t'v as hi? ai i
Bible I believe the whole information can he rnmpuinica tdtn
8ime60or75 pag&s,ititispioperly and appioprntrlv arrange i,
buv. lar^reor small, I believe our duty to our constituents an 1
ours Ives requires us to have it. Much speculation and rumor
areafloiton 'his subject, and We are entitled to know die tru h,
an \ ha\e the mini nation in an authentic shape
Mr CVVE JOHNSON gdidhp niade n<> o ijcrtion to the re-
so'ution on the grm nl that it was an electioneei ng document,
or that it wouid affect the Presidential e'ectien one way or the
other. He objected because the items would run out into a
volume.
Mr TRIPLETT then moved a suspension of the rule, and
asked the yeas and nay, (the demand for which, however, he
subsequently withdrew )
And the SPEAKER being about to put the question on the
motion to «uspend,
Mr C JOHNiOX withdrew his objection
And the question being on the adoption of the resolution,
Mr Mc^Yiairi that, as he undeistood the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Triplbtt,] he had stated th.it'he aggregate
amount ot appropnauons fur the Seminole war was over
$20,000,000 He f Mr McK ) had seen a statement, pi epared
wuh great cire it the Quartermaster''- Department, by which the
amount ot appropriations, commencing m January, 18.J6, not
only for the Seminole war, but for the suppression ot Creek
and Cherokee hostilities, amounted to only nineteen million',
or a little upwards This sum of nineteen millixns was con-
fined not to operations in Florida alone, but with the Creeks
and Cherokees
And tl.e quesfon on the adoption of the resolution was then
taken nnd agreed to
The SPE \KER having announced the next business ¡n order
to b  rer> n ts fr m corrimittees,
Mr BR1GGS moved a suspension of the rule for the purpose
of taking up from the Speaker's table the bill from the Senate
known as the bankrupt law.
The SPEAKER indicated to Mr. B that it was his intention,
after the morning hour had expired, to ask that, by general
consent, the table should be cleared.
After a momentary conversation between Mr. BRIGGS and
Mr. PICKENS, the former withdrew Ins motion, and
Mr. PICKENS, from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, re
ported a bill to provide for the expenses of making an exp'o-
rationandsJtveyof the Northeastern boundary. Read twice,
and committed.
Mr.P from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported back
the joint resolution of the Senate authorizing the President of
the United States to accept certain presents from the lmaum ol
Muscat, and the Emperor of Morocco, and to dispose of the
same, with an amendment.
Mr P. observed that it was highly important some action
should be had on this subject, as he understood the Imaum's
vessel was required to return in the last week of June, or the
first of the present month Under those circumstances, he
trusted the House would dispose of the resolution without fur-
ther delay.
Mr ADAMS, after alluding to his attempt to speak upon this
subject on a former day, when he was cut short by the previous
question, proceeded to make some remarks on the joint resolu-
tion as amended by the Committee on Foreign Affairs. lie waa
glad to see that the resolution, in its amended fornv took away
that express authority given to the President, as it was ougi-
nally woided.
After some further remarles, Mr. A said he considered thu
subject one of a very important character, and which required
mature deliberation He then referred to the various instances
when application had been made to Consress lespecims the
disposal of such presents, and expressed a hope that the House
wmild pause before givins its sanction to the resolution. He
then went into an examination of the circumstances under
which presents had been refused on previous occasions, and
contended that the argument that a non acceptance of the prt-
sen s would give offence, was mere pretence
The SPEAKER laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of State, accompanied by astatt ment showing the
number of passengers arriving in the various ports of the
United States from toieign countries durirg the last year, which
wan,
On motion of Mr. CURTIS, ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed
Various bills from the Senate lying on the Speaker's table
were taken up, and appropna'ely referred.
BANKRUPT BILL.
The bill from the Senate, entitled "An act to provide for a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
coming up in its order for reference,
Mr PICKENS said: Considering the late period of the ses-
sion, and the almost impossibility of a lull and thorough d iscus-
eion on its merits—considering, also,the great interests involved,
and that it embraces principles novel in our legislation, and its
retrospective action being of doubtful constitutionality, and in-
jurious to sound merchants—considering, also, thai it does not
propose a sooner action than the first of Fehruary next—under
these circumstances. I move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. SI ANLV failed for the yeas and nays on that motion
Mr.VANDERPOEL moved a call of the House; which was
ordered, and proceeded in till 180 members answered to their
names: when                                                 **"
Mr. WFLLER moved that all further proceedings in the call
be dispensed «mh; which motion was agreed to—ayes 77, noes
55
The question recui ring on the motion of Mr Fickens to lay
on the table, and the yeas and nays having been ordered on that
motion, were—yeas 102, nays 89, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Jud°on Allen, Andrews, Atherton, Banks,
B<KU'y, Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Aaron V, Brown,
Burke, Bvnum, ,K,hn Campbell, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chinn,
Connor, Mark A Cooper, William R. Cooper, Crais, Cross,
Pan) John Davis Ujan. Dui2, Drnm^oole, Earl, hastman,
Ely, Fine, Fisher, Floyd, Fornance, Galbrail^i, James G irlarid,
Gcrrv, Gi.sain, Griffin, Hammond, John Hastings, llawes,
Ha kin=, Hill of Virginia, Hill of Nonh Carolina, Holleman,
Holme.", Hook, Hopkins, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave John-
son, Nathaniel Jopes, Keim, Kemble, Kille, Leadbetter, Leo-
nard, Lucís, McCarty, McClellan, McCulloch, McK.iv, Mar-
chand, MediU, Miller, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, New-
hard, Parrish, Parmenter, Paynter, Petrikin,Pickens, Prentim
Ramsey, Reynolds, Rl ett, Rive=, James Rogers, Ry^u gl'
mueh-, Shaw, Shi pard, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Siartwea
iher, Steenrod, Stuart, Sumter, Sweney, Ta>lor, Philipp yJ?
ina-i, V'ad iy Thompson, Turney, Vanderpoel, Watterson/wel
lei, Jmd W Williams, Hem y Williams, and Lev?iE Will
ham —102
NAYS—Messrs Ailams, John W A'len, Hugh J  Anderson
B tker, B JI¡_Biddle, Bri-gs, Brock way, ^Albert G Brown, Win.
O. Builtr, Calhoun, Carter, Chapman, C nttenden, Clark, Chf
lord, Jampi Cooper, Crahb, Cians on,^rary, Curtis, Cushme"
man, Hubbard, Htiut, JacUon, James, Chirles Johnston
Kempshall, King, Leet, Lincoln, Mallory, Marvin, Mason'
Mitchell, Monroe, Montanya, Moraap, Calvary Morris, Naylor'
Nisbet, Ogle, Palen, Parns, Proffit, Randall, Randolph, Ran!
den, Rayner, Reed, Rtdgwiy, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Si.
montón, Albert Smith, Stanly, Strone, J i-cob Thompson, Til-
lingliast, Toland, fnplett, Tiumbull, Underwood, David ¿.
Wauener, Peter J Wagner E Iward D White, Wick, Thomas
W Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and Christopher H. Wil-
liams—89
So the bill was laid upon the table
Various o her Senate bills were read, and appropriately re.
feried.
The bOl granting two townships of land to the University of
the Territory of Iowa, which had been returned from the Se
nate, with an amendment, was taken up—
And, on motion of Mr. LIN -OLN, tho amendment was con-
curred in
Mr UNDERWOOD (on leave) presented a memorial, which
wasrefeired
On motion of Mr PETRIKIN, the rules were suspended, and
the House resolved list If into Committee of the Whole on tht
state of the Union (Mr. Linco^h of Mass. in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the
.NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL
The pending question wa* on the motion ol Mr Rsbd, (sub-
mitted last evening, and left undecided for want of a quorum,)
to amend the bail by inserting an appropriation of 960,000 for
the preparation and commencement of the third steam vessel,
authorized by the act of Maich 3d, 1839
Mr. PETKiSIN moied to amend the bill by striking out the
following words        /
"Seo 3 Atid^'ie if further enacted, That the following sum,
being tne unoxpVndfed balance of a former appropriation which,
liasbeen carried W the credit of the surplus fund, be, and the
same is hereby, reappropnated, viz.
"For the puichd.se of a site and the construction of a dry
dock for the naval servxe in the harbor of New York, as autno
nzed by the act of the 3d March, 1835, «9,563 61 "
Mr. P contended that there were as many dry docks as were
necessary to repair vessels. He alluded also to some recent in-
vention of floating docks, which, he said, would supersede the
necessity of dry dorks, and which could be constructed to the
number of twenty floating docks for a sinele dry dock.
After a few brief remarks from Mr. STANLY and Mr. FISH-
ER in reply, the question was taken by tellers on the amend-
ment, and it was «greed to—ayes 77, noes 67.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON said he would vote for the ao,
propriation for a dry dock at New York, because he believed it
necessary. He wished, however, to offer an amendment mak-
ing an appropriation for the establishment of a dock at Peott,
cola. Mr. T. then, with much force, described the advantages
of Pensacola, and the great importance of our having a naval
depot at that place. His proposed amendment was, however,
ruled out of order.
Mr PETRIKIN then, asa point of order, ineialed thatthtr 
was no law authorizing the construction of a dry dock at New
York.
Mr JONES of Virginia said the gentleman was mistaken.
There hao been three several acts passed; one authorizing the
c nstruction of a dry dock at Charlestown, Massachusetts; ote
alGosirorf, Virginia; aod one at New Yolk.
Mr PETK1K1N was understood to argue that the law giving
the power in relation to the site and construction of a dry deck
at New Yoik had expired.
Mr. JONES said that the law was now in full force in the sta-
tute book
Mr LEWIo WILLHMS inquired if this apprppnatioi was
included in the estimates?
Mr. JO N ES of Virginia replied that it was.
Mr. PL IRIK1N was understood to inquire whether any
estimate had been made of the whole cost of the construction!
To this question, the reply was understood to be in the >••
ganve.
Mr. LEADBETTER opposed the appropriation. He consi-
dered there were dry docks enoueh «heady, and if a vessel at
New York wanted repair, why could |t not be sent to Charles-
town before it was too rotten, and there be repaired?
Mr RAMSEY did not wish to raise unnecessary objection!
to the defence of the country or the improvement of the na yi
What he wanted was thafwe should have a strict estimate of
what such werks would cost. He was opposed to the present
system of plunging into extravagant expenditures in the erec-
tion of our public works He wished genilemen to look at our
public works, and the immense dineience between the **•
mates and the actual cost. He was opposed to the erection of
a dry dock in New York, because he believed it unnecessary.
He had also voted aeamst the construction of a dry dock in h 
own State upon the same ground We had already two dry
docks, which cost a million and a half of dollars, and these in
his opinion weie amply sufficient for the number ol vessel  we
had.
Mr GRINNELL advocated the appropriation, and r-OB-
mented upon the peculiar advantages possessed by New York,
which pointed her out as the most eligible spot for the erectrori
of a d ick
Mr SMITn of Maine cal'ed attention to the fact that by the
discovery of a new channel by Lieutenant Gedney, the only
plausible objection to the selection-of New York for the erec-
tion of a doclv, was removed. After the subject had bee  ill
agitation for five years, he hoped there would be no further ob-
jection
Mi. JONES of Virginia, stated that asa further Teason forth*
erection of a dock at New York, be would read a letter frdm the
Secretary of the Navy, by which it would be seen that iher 
were two vessels of the line at that place in so bad s condrttoe
that they couH not be removed without an aid    total km.
