r
CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
£6th Cong.
.1st Siss.
TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1840.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
=a£:
VoLUKE   8...........No.
-WEEKLY-
Co*t¡*u*dfrom JV«. 32.
Mr J  accordingly read >he ,etler of lhe Secretary,   which
itroWly recommended the immediate commencement 01 the
dock
¡I,' ANDERSON said, that he agreed entirely with his friend
from Onio and lhe honorable member 1 rom Pennsylvania, that
m,he preem exhausted condition ol the Treasury, we «hould
make new appropriations with great care, and as sparingly as
a proper regard to the paramount interests ot the country would
ntrmit; and ha was fraa to confesa, that if the work for which
vhe item of appropriation now under consideration was intended
10 provide, was one of those which required but little ume to ex-
ecute, he would prefer to postpone H until the finances oí the
country were in a condition better able to j usury the expendi-
ture. But it would be considered by the committee, that the
construction ot the work would necessarily require much ume,
and the appropriation now proposed would emule the Depart-
ment only to late the preparatory steps towards the prosecu-
tor of the improvement contemplated.
With regard to the importance and necessity of a dry dock,
not only at the Navy Yard at New York, but ulumately at all
our principal naval establishments, Mr. A. entertained a strong
conviction that they would be found indispensable to the suc-
cessful prosecution of our naval operations. We had now but
two, «Mated at Charleston and Norfolk, and he believed it
would be acknowledged by every one at all acquainted with the
naval service, that llus number was entirely inadequate to the
present, much less the prospective necessities ot the set vice.
Were it the pleasure of the committee to provide for the con-
struction of two works of this land at the present session, he
would with great pleasure go lor the amendment of his friend
from Pennsylvania, and provide for the commencement of asi-
milar work at the navy yard a' Philadelphia. But it must be
obvious that in the present condition of our finances, it would
be hopeless to expect thai more than one of these works would
be autt jnzed at the present session, and he. could not doubt
that the navy yard at New York was fairly entitled to the pri-
ority, and he believed he could say that in this opinion the Com-
mittee ••m Naval Affairs, who had given the subject some atten-
tion, fairy concrrreil. He would suggest, then, to the honorable
member from Pennsylvania, whether he would expedite the
construction ofadockat Philadelphia, by defeating the pro-
posed ap¡ .ropnation for such a work at New York? If the work
was as important as he fully believed it to be, Mr. A- thought it
could not be commenced too soon; and he hoped, therefore, that
the item of approp tation providing for its commencement
would be retained in the bill.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi contended that in the elec-
tion of public woik«, a due regard should be had to the interests
of the whole country. If there were funds sufficient for build-
ing a dry dock at ail, he would advocate ltd location at Pensacola.
He -hen at some length described the advantages of that section
of the country watered by the Mississippi, and the great injury
an enemy might do by obtaining possession of it.
Mr. RBED made a few remarks (in reply to a statement of
Mr. PsTRiius)in which he scouted the idea of any present dis-
covery embracing any successful substitute for dry clocks.
As to dry docks at the South, he would go for them on all
proper occasions wbea ttvy were shown to be necessary. The
only object of the present intimation of the fitness of other
places seemed to him to he to defeat the appropriation for the
construction at New York.
Mr. HOLLEMAN thought that the Treasury of the cotmtiy
was not in a situation to enable us to build additional dry dorks,
but thought that ii another was to be built, it was more im-
portant at Pensacola than elsewhere.
Mr. HOFFMAN deprecated the appeal which had been
made, m the course of the debate, to secuooal feeling—contend-
ing that the only question for the consideration of the committee
was, whether a dry dock would be useful to the navy. If so,
the appropriation should be made, no matter where the particu-
lar spot might be—on the East, the West, the North, or the
South. He looked upon the whole «vstem as a great measure
connected with the naval defence of our country—to endure
now and in all future time, to enable our navy again to go forth
conquering and to conquer Mr. H. went into an examination
of the policy of constructing these works at the points most
convenient, contrasting it with the policy of England, and con-
tending that the dry docks for ihe navy of the United States
ought to be in proportion as 3 or 4 to X for the navy of Great
Britain, because the force of the latter was always in commis-
sion For his own part, be would stud our coast with dry
docks, beginning at the North, and going down to smaljer con-
structions in the watersof the South, according to their depth.
He would build them wherever they might be leqaired. But a
beginning must be made, and none could be more appropri-
ate than this.
Mr. SERGEANT expressed himself in favor of dry docks,
and of the appropriation now proposed for that at New York.
But be put it to the gentlemen in favor of sucha work at Pen-
■cola, whether they were likely to gain their point by stoppings
the appropriation for the work at New York.
Mr. TDLLINGH VST also supported the appropriation; and
in awns so, submitted some general remarks in relation to the
peculiar fitness and advantages of the waters of theNarragan-
settbay for a nava! depot.
And the question was the" put on the motion of Mr. Petikin
to strike out the said section.
A large majority of those present stood up in the negative, but
no qosrum voted.
It wasted now only about four or five minutes of the usual
hour of recess, andan informal proposiuon wai made never to
mind so br ef a spice, but to go home to dinner like gentlemen
and good Christians.
The CHAIRMAN saui this could be done by general con-
sent.    Whereupon, in less than two shakes,  the hall was
cleared.
And the House took its usual recess until 4 o'clock.
EVENING SESSION,
After the recess,
The Heuse went again into Committee of the Whole—Mr.
UHSvtH in tbe Chair, on the
4=
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL;
But there being no quorum present,                     L      /
Mr. CUSHING embraced that oi portunity for tjie parpóse
of making a few remarks in relation to the employment of a
portion ol our navy, end the obstructions to our cp/dmerce,
occasioned by the blockade of the river La Plata: and unlici-
pati.ig the nine when his remarks on the question If reporting
tliebill.wonldbein order,and to save the time ofthe House,
he would move to strike out the enacting clause of the bill, so as
to make his remarks in order now, while the House was as-
sembling.
Mr. C. after some further preliminary remarks, observed,
among other things, that he did not mean to deny that France
was sincere in her attempt to obtain redress from the Argentine
Republic, for which purpose the blockade had been insututed,
which interfered so seriously with our commerce.
Mr C. then proceeded to show that, although there was no
actual wai between France and the Argentine Republic, nor
anv adequate cause for war. at least on the part of France; yet
the consequence to the commerce of this country and Great
Britain, as neutral nations, was precisely the san e as if there
were actual war. He therefore wished to know if it was pro
per we should submit to the inconvenience ot such a blockade,
without an ac nal war between the parties. The law of nations,
as hiiherto understood, did not recognise in one nauon a right to
blockade the ports of another, to the exclusion of neutral pow-
ers, unless such blockade were con^quent upon a declaration
of war. He contended that the course now pursuing by France
was an innovauonon the law of blockade, and whii.h subjected
us to all the inconveniences ef an actual war between the two
countries, without giving correspondent advantages.
Mr. C. then referred to various authorities to show that he
was correct in the view he had taken, and that such a blockade
was an unlawful one, as it was not consequent on a declaration
of war, and neither of the parties admitted an actual fact of war.
The operation of this blockade upon our commerce was unjust.
It was, in fact, a war in disguise upon the trade of this coun-
try and Great Britain by excluding the cimmerct; of the two
powers.
This question was also important in relation to the affairs
which had grown up in the East. Mr. C then referred to the
circumstances attending the blockade of Canton by the British;
and observed that if Great Britain, after protesting: againstthe
conduct of France in blockading, without an actual declaration
of war, should pursue the same course herself with regard to
China, then an advantage would accrue to this country for our
Government and our merchants might, upon the authority of
Great Buiain herself, make retaliation for the injury done us
by such a blockade. And the time might, and probably would,
come, when circumstances might require us to adopt the same
system of peaceable blockade. It would be remembered that
we were about pursuing a similar course some time ago, in
order to enforce our claims on Mexico; and should England and
France, the two leading powers of Europe, concur in adopung
that system, then, whenever circumstances might require, we
should have the right, on her own principle, to exclude Great
Britain from any of the countries of Spanish America with
which we might happen to have differences.
After some further remarks, in which lie urged the necessity
of our showing that we were alive to this matter, Mr. C said
that, as a quorum had now arrived, and he had accomplished
his object, he would withdraw his motion.
The question was then taken on the motion of Mr. Petkikin
to srike out the appropriation for a dry dock at New York, and
decided «n the negative—ayes 39, noes 90.
Mr. McKAY inquired of the Chair whether it would be in
order to offer an amendment, which was read for the informa-
tion of the committee, as follows:
And be it farther enaered,IThat at least one-fourth of it war-
rants conferring the rank of midshipman, shall, for the future,
be granted to such persons qualified according to existing re-
gulations, as shall ha\ - been duly enlisted in accordance with
the provisions of the act to provide for the enlistment of
boys for tne naval service, approved Marcl- 2J, 1837, as shall
by their good conduct and proficieney in their duties entitle
themselves to promotion, under direction of the President.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment would not be in
order; and Mr. McKay did not press it.
Mr. GIDDlNGS offered an amendment appropriating certain
sums for the improvement of Grand, Huron, Black, and other
rivers.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment to be out of order.
Mr. DILLET said he understood that there would be no bill
which it would be more appropriate to submit a motion which
he intended to make, to amend, than this bill. He move I an
amendment proposing to appropriate $55,450 68 to complete
the improvements in Mobile harbor.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr DIL.LET said the work was now in progress; and the
Srobability was that there would be no bill which it would
3 more appropriately in order to amend than this, and he
therefore hoped the committee would consent to admit the
amendment.
The CHAIR said the amendment was clearly out of order.
He would sugcest to the gentleman that the House could, at any
time, order a bill to be reported in accordance with his wish.
The amendment was rot further pressed.
Mr. HOLLEMAN moved an amendment appropriating
825,000 for constructing barracks at Brooklyn, Charlestown,
and Gosport.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment outol order.
Mr. HOLLEMAN contended that the amendment was in or-
der—that it was to continue works upon which $50,000 had
be«n expended on each, without completing them. The sum
now paid by way of rent, was more than the interest on the
amount that it would require to complete the buildings. Mr.
H. dwelt on the importance of making the appropriation; and
after afew remarks from Messrs. .1. W. JONES and HOLLE-
MAN. whether the amount proposed to be appropriated had
been included in the estimates, the subject was dropped.
Mr. MARK A. COOPER said he wished to have a vote on
a proposition similar to one which the Committee of Way  and
Means, of which he was a member, refused to entertain, that        Davis, D ™.B«M* "HandTrYinr'S, Hastings, Joha
was^or^uwawwm.cUwfippropnaup^meludinstüoBew jj Goggw, GiuaeUt Haberww ,  w«, ii .             "   "^
navy yards, twenty-five per cent, on the amount in theb'M
He was induced to make the motion from a cimsidud'ion oi ...e
present depressed state of the finances.
Mr. HOLMES repudiated the idea of such nanow legisla-
tion, such small economy as the reduction of twenty -five per
cent, on the expenditures for our navy yards. With a coumry
stretching over so many degrees of longitude, and with a com-
merce extended through the world, was it not paltry to talk
about a reduction of twenty-five per cent, in the finances of
the country for the repair of navy yardsl Mr, H. then adverted
to our deplorable condition last year, when we were upon the
eveofplungingintoawar with one of the greatest European
powert, and urged the necessity of being prepared at all times
for instant w ar. It was the duty of Government to be prepared
for every emergency, and although the countiy might appear to
sleep, like one of our noble seventy-fours on the bosom of the
calm seas, yet should occasion require, we should then be ready
to wake up in thunder upon our foes, and flash fire m the face
of our enemies.
Mr COOPER said he would go as far as any man to improve
the condition of our navy. He was a friend to the navy; and if
the 'Ireasury was in a condition to justilv it, he would not hesi^
tateto make larger appiopnatlons than'now contained in the
bill; but he thought that the reduction in the expenditures
should be commensurate with the reduction in the revenues.
H13 rule of action was that the garment should be cut accord-
ing to his cloth.
Mr. JONES of Virginia said, if there wis any one branch of
the service which had undergone strict scrutiny, it was this.
He was understood to say that it had undergone a reduction o f
fifty per cent, from former appropriations, or $75,000 ¡ess than
for the same objects last year.
On motion ot Mr. J. W. JONES, the bill was ordered to be re
ported to the House.
The bill having been read through, and the question being on
concurring with the committee in their amendments, and, on
ordering the bill, as amended, to be engrossed for a third read-
in?,
Mr. WELLER moved the previous question; which received
a second—ayes 77, noes 66.
Mr. HABERSHAM wished to introduce the amendment
which had been offered by him in Committee of the Whole
and rejected, restricting the draft of the third steam ship pro-
posed to be built to sixteen feet water, so as to enable that
steamer, if necessary for the defence of the South, to navigate
the southern rivers. He demanded the yeas and nays on the
question, "Shall the mam question be now put?" The yeas
and nays were not ordered; and the mam question was ordered
to be put.
Mr. PARRIS of Maine moved to reconsider the vote second-
ing the previous question; wbich question was taken by tellers,
Messrs. VVeller and L. Williams acting as such, who report-
ed that there were—ayes 48, nous 73.
So the House refused to reconsider the second to the previous
question.
The question now recurring on the question of concurring
with the amendments of the Committee of the Whole House oa
the state of the Union to the bill, and
The question being on the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means appropriating $670,000 to reimburse after the
year 1841, that smount of the fund for the gradual improvement
of the navy, which had been, and is proposed to be, expended
tor the construction of the steamships authorized to be built last
year.
Mr. TURNEY demanded the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered, and were—yeas 15, nays 86.
No quorum having voted, the roll was again called, and the
vote was—yeas 105, nays 46, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Judson Allen, John W. Allen, Hugh
J. Anderson, Atherton, Baker, Beatty, Beirne, Biddle, Briggs,
Brockway, Burke, Calhoun, Carroll, Carter, Chapman, Chit-
tenden, Craia, Cranston, Cross, Curtis, Cuehing, Dana, Da-
vies, John Davis, Garret Davis, Dawson, Denuis, Doan,
Doig, Earl, Eastman, Ely. Fine, Fisher, Floyd, Galbraith, J.
Garland, Gates, Goggin, Habersham, Hammond, Hand, Wil-
liam S. Hastings, John Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Holleman,
Hopkins, Hunt, Jackson, James, Jenifer, Charles Johnston,
Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Keroble, Kempshall,
Kille, Leet, Lincoln, McKay, Marchaad, Marvin, Miller, Mon-
roe, Montanya, Naylor, Newhard, Osborne, P^rmenter, Payn-
ter, Pickens, Prentiss, Randolph, Reed, Rhett, Ridgway,
Rives, Robinson, James Rogers, Russell, Saltonstall, Ser-
geant, Shaw, Shepard, Simouton, Slade, Albert Smith, John
Smith, Truman Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Sum-
ter, Swearingen, Sweney, Tillinghast, Toland, Underwood, 0.
D. Waeener, Peter J. Wagner, Jared W. Williau.s, Thomas
W. Williams, andHenry Williams—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Banks, Blackweil, Boyd, Albert
G. Brown, Sampson H. Butler, William O. Butler, Bynum,
Carr, Casey, Connor, Maik A. Cooper, Wilham R. Cooper,
Dellet, FomanceJGerry, Giddings, Goode, Green, Griffin, Haw-
kins, Hubbard, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Leadbetter,
Lucas, McClellan, McCulloch, Morgan, Parrish, Parris, Petn-
km Pope, Proffit, Randen, Reynolds, Thomas Smith, Stanly,
Stuart, Taliafeno, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Warren, Wat-
terson, Weller, and Lewis Wilhams-46.                       .
So the House concurred with the committee in ttsir first
amendment                                               ...            ,
The House then concurred with the committee in the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Reed, transferring and placing under
one head of appropriation the appropriation for building, re-
placing, and repairing vessels, and for ordnance, &«■              .
The question now being on concuning with the third amerw-
ment of the committee, as proposed by Mr. Reed, aPPTOPnn'!nj 
860.000 for constructing the third steam vessel ordeied to be diuii
$60,000 for constructing the third steam
luí* PETRIKIN demanded the yeas and nays, which having
been ordered, were—yeas 78, nays 52, as f01'0"3^
YEAS-Measrs. Adams, Judson Allen, John Vv
T        •..Lnnn       InJnn      Hater.     ReattV.    Urlgg !
Allen, H.
Brockway,
Cooper,
J   Anderson, Andrews,  Baker,  Beatty,
Bynum, Calhoun, Carroll, «**f .«*H&S; Da'vTs, Garret
Cranston, CroM, Curtis, Cashing, Dana,galbraith, Gates,
Davis, Dawson, Denrus.Doig, Earl, *v«    ,_  „   .,        ,,
