CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
waters, where they do not exist at all. He seemed to think,
also, that the Constitution did not warrant Congress In esta-
blishing hospitals on/tesh waters. Every on  isrj,u!at«d more
or less by early education, and th-spoculur bent of mind during
life II  sa-d tie would introduce alablefrom the spelling book,
as rorasiieliiDg boots we may somermes ¡earn wisoanu ex-
cellent moros.
A citv was seued, and the m>\1o of defence was the ques-
tion. T le carpet.ter sail tb,v wood was the best mateiui to
use. Tke i.ia«jn supposed stone was the best, and the tanner
thai leather was the best.
So wuh t.w gen.lennn from Virginia-[Mr Wn] Mr R.
said, he wjs informed thai the gentleman resides, and was raised
on trw s'-oive ot ilia Ailanuc, and therefoie it is very natural he
shid'd think the ocean is ibe most proper and only necess-try
place ;or hospitals. The sameobseivatloii may lié applied to
himself. (Mr. R. saigas ha was raise J, aid now resides near
the Mississippi E  h person hat, veiy naturally, predilec-
tions lor his own country.
He sail, ii waa avinisling to him to hear any one oppose
the establishment ol hospital-! oa the Western waters when wa
ttke lew const leratioii the necessity for them. A great number
ol .he most hardy a 11 labot ious class of our people is employed
in 'ia i>t'-; ttia \\ cite.o w iters; arid t.ieir numbers and their
business * Ii ui.-r-a.-w with su u rapid'ty, that it wdl astonish
eve-i theaase.vea, wh > witness in daily progress
WietVr we obtain thu appropna ion f.>i tne establishment
of hospitals or no*, th3 on war', marcho) population and com-
merce will not be checked or lelt; but the nei es.ii:y ol these in-
KHuu>ns will be increased every yeir. Nature has m.«te the
valley ol tne Mississippi the largest lertile regun of country
on earth. It expends Iron the Adeghany to the Rocky moun-
tains, and from the Guif of Mexico to the Lakes. Tins is a re-
gion of country that eanuot be surpassed in fertility of soil, and
mineral wealth. People in all p-trts of tho globe Know it, and
are fining it up. The weight 01 population, the power anJ bu
smess ol the United States, will, before long, be doue in this
valley. Wi will respect these old States as our decrepid pa-
rent ; aged, respectable, and inefficient. This capital will not
long contain toe noisy bustling Congress. Congress belongs to
the people, and will neces-aiily follow its master, the people,
to their empire in the West. All these things are progressing,
and the puny arm ol man cannot arrest it- But it is doubted by
some, d it be proper even to establish a few hospitals in this
vast valley of the Mis issippi.
On a recent occasion we attempted to have established a
dry dock at Pensacola, whicn is said to be a place nearest to the
mouth of the Mississippi, which is suitable lor sucn improve-
ments. This seemed to be an improvement to keep pace with
other improvements in the valle); but we failed. New York
had the power, and she got it. This may be right. It may be
my fee'ingswhich make ma think it so unjust. Now ifv.e are
deprived ol the benefñofihe hospitals, we may almost conduje
that we, in the West, are not in the legislative Union at all.
Mr. R. said he placed this appropriation on an arrangement
and express enactment of a Uw of a former Congress. It was
agreed that caruin hospitals should be established in the Eas',
and certain others, on the western waters and tho lases. As
far as he knew, this arrangement was carried out as to the
East and on the lakes, and why not execute it also in the West?
These arrangements should be held sacred and binding. We
ex>st as a nation on a compromise and arrangement. How
can we expect the people to observe the laws and perform their
agi cements, pf we who enact the laws and make these arrange-
ments do not show them the example. I cannot presume a&y
individual here desires not to carry out an honest arrangement
previously entered into by Congress.
Mr. R paid he would place this appropriation on the strict
rales of law, and the courts of the country would give judgment
•.hat the appropriation should be made.
This whole matter rests on positive and written contract.
An act of Congress authorizes the appointment of certain sur-
geons of the army te make selections of sites for hospita's, and
to parchase such sites when selected. In pursuance of tin-? au-
thority, he was informed that the contracts were made, and now
Congress is called on to make the appropriation to pay for
these sites. It is almost useless to state, as almost all present
are lawyers, that when an agent pursues his authority, he
binds his pnacipal. In this case, as the agents, as far as he
knew, pursued their authority, the government is bound to
make payment according to the strict rules of law. It cannot
be possible there is a member in the American Congress that
u unwilling to execute a contract. If there is fiaud in the
transaction, it will vitiate the contract. None is alleged, and
none can be presumed. If the agents have not pursued their
authority, the Government in that case either would not be
bound.   I have not heard it proved that this was the case.
Some gantlemerusay, we have no money in the Treasury for
such appropriations. The Opposition say, we have a bank-
rupt Treasury; that we are crippled and deranged in the Trea-
sury, &c A poorTreasury is one of the pillars of the Demo-
cratic church. It is the best situation in which our Government
can be placed; and he hoped that we might always have a poor
Treasury and a substantial people.
Tuat s-e have no money in the Treasury, and therefore we
cannotgi on with these necessary improvements, is r.ot wise
policy It is in fact a mistaken notion, that we are not able to
make these necessary appropriations. He said he had contend-
ed all this session of Congress that the nation is in a more sol-
vent n J effi ;ient cond don than it was since its existence. The
want of money m the Treasury is positive proof of the fact.
The greater portion of our ordinary revenue is raised by the
doty on die ímperutiin of gooJs from foreign countries. The
importation is not so great as heretofore; anil this is the greatest
blessing that could be visited on the coun'ry. By this course ol
policy, «re are continuing the alarming foreign debt for these
roods. We are doing without them, and supplying ourselves
with oufown fabrics Our wealth and substance are retained
at home, and not drained from us to pay for foreign luxuries.
And although money ty not in the Treasury, ansftjg from the
importation of goods, yet the wealth and substance is with the
people, who are the basis of these appropriations, and not the
Treasury This being the fact, although the money may not
ba in the Treasury, it is with the people, abundantly sufficient
to pay these appropriations. If it be not directly available, a
loan, or a further issue of Treasury notes, will not only be al-
lowably but praiseworthy, on such an occasion as the one now
before the committee.
Mr R. remarked that he was sorry to see his friend [the
Hoo Mr. Hpbbasd of Alabama,] who agreed so well with him
ift. tU «latter  before them on the QomniMtee on the, Public
Lands, now leaning ofl from the poor workingmen who navi
gate the Western waters. There is no man who goes farther lor
pre-emptions and pre cniptois ihan Mr II; anion the same
principles, Mr. R suppoaed his lneud would join in the gooJ
"iV*5"        mu" ,ea"e Ma>—lle cannot convince him.
Mr. R. could no see how toe Constitution cou>d aavea/jeiA
wa er and mlt water construction, to be different. Commerce
contení plated in the Constitution, had no such distinction,
commerce may exist as well on one waier as anoiher.
It may exist on land; and hosp tais mayas well be established
on a mountain for "hog drovers" (as the genilem.*, Mr Wisb
ca.ied them) as on the margin of a river, or the sea, for water-
men. The power ¡a the sumo in the Constitution for all these
cases.
Air. R. said he may not be able ou this occasion to change
the vote of a single member of this com mi nee, but be would
have the consolation oi his own heart that he nude the effort.
He knew and s iw many ol these sallare on the western waters;
he knew their situation; he was satisfied they needed these hos-
pitáis. In a few days, no the western waters, they would
change their c itnate from on6 extreme to the oiher, and
thereby cause much sickness among them. They were poor,
and compelled to resort to the rivers lor a support. They
would, therefore, by their avocation, be exposed to pickness,
auil men forced; without money, on the shores amongst stran-
gers. They may, also, frequently be afflicted with co itagious
diseases, so trial private laimlies are not willing to ta' e them
into charge. These were tacts which he stated, thatev ry one
knows whj is acquainted with the Western waters. It is for
the salce ol these people; and to satisfy his own heart m rela-
tion to them, that he made these desultory remarks, without
any meditation whatever, every one will see. It is the over-
fl >wing ol his fee'wgs for those men, that makes him trouble the
committee on th s occasion. They have always come to his
i escue in the hour of new], and that time will never exist when he
woul 1 desert them. He hoped, sincerely, the appropriation
may succeed.
It was further advocated by Messrs. UNDERWOOD, AL-
LEN, TILLINGHAST, GUSHING, and REED, and opposed
by Messrs. WISE, and  HUBBARD.
Atas-ibsequentperiodof the debate,
Mr. WISE raised a point ol order on two grounds: first, as
this subject had been referred to the Committee on Commerce,
who had not yet reported, the present committee could not
takecogcizanceof it; and second, that the introduction of the
piopoeition, embracing a subject different te the bill under con-
sideration, was a violation of the filtieth rule.
The CHAIR decided that the motion to amend the bill was in
order.
From this discussion, Mr WISE took an appeal, but the de-
cision of the Cha' h was affirmed by tellers as follows—ayes 60
noes 42: no quoru n.
The Commute j then rose, and the fact was reported to the
House, when,
On motion of Mr. I.EET,
The House th j i adjourned.
IN SENATE,
ThursoA-Y, July 9,1840.
The CHAIR submitted a report from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmuting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, a statement showing the appropriations to be expended
in the, District of Columbia since the location of the seat of Go-
vernment therein; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
(From this statement, the total amount appears to be
•9205,995 85]
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from the tobacco
planters of Garretsburg, Kentucky, showing the burdens to
which that trade had been subjected, and joining in the views
taken by the convention at Washington.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance, reported
House bill making appropriations for the naval service lor the
year l'vlO, with amendments
Mr MERRICK, from the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, reported the House bill to continue thp corporate exist-
ence of certain banks in the District of Columbia, with several
amendments; one of which provides "that the said banksshall
be entitled to and enjoy all the rights and privileges conferred
by their respective original charters until the fourth day of July,
eighteen hundred and lorty two, unless Congress shall before
that time otherwise direct, on condition that they shall, each
for itself, resume specie payments on or before the fifteenth
day of January next, or sooner, and simultaneous with the ma-
jority of the incorporated banks in the cities of IJalumore and
Richmond, lfa majority of said banks should sooner resume spe-
cie payments "
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, to
which was referred the petition oi the heirs of Thomas Stewart
and the petition of William Dickinson, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. W from the Committee on Pensions, to which was re-
ferred the bul for the relief of Lyman Bristol, made a favora-
ble report thereon
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, reported unfavorably
on the bill for the relief of James Fleming.
LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
The Senate, on motion of Mr WALL, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill to publish a stereotype edition of all the
laws and treaties of the United States, the Declaration ef Inde-
pendence, Articles of Confederation, Constitution, &e. under
the superintendence and direction of the Attorney Genera).
Mr. LUMPKIN moved to sluke out the words in the bill
which provides for giving one copy of said laws to each Sena-
tor and Representative and Delegate in Congress. He said ha
was opposed, utterly opposed, to the whole practice and system
which had of late years increased to an alarming extent, of
Congress voting books to themselves. Mr. L said, for himself,
be never had, or would, vote for the printing of a book for him-
self, as a member of Congress. He would buy such books as
he desired for himself, or do without them. He was not pre-
pared to say that the proposed edition of the laws was not ne-
cessary and proper; but he protested against a gratuitous dis-
tribution amongst members of Congress. If it be proper, said
Mr ¿.to give to the present members of Congress a new and
complete edition of the laws of the United States, it would be
equally properand just to provide for a copy to be given to
every gentleman who ever has or may be a member of either
branch of Congress. But, said Mr. L. I will not enlarge upon
the arguments which mijtu be offered in supp.rt of the prop .
sition which I have submitted, unless it stall become neces-
sary from the remarks oi Senators who differ wuh ma in
•pinion on tlussubjec; but will contest m>sel) by ask'ng the
yeas and nays on the question which I have submitted. x
Mr SMITH of Indiana said he would tay a few v. of* be-
fore the question was taken. Ho was wholly m.lifferent whe
ther ihe motion prevailed to strik. outor not He WuS q nte as
w llin * io purchase his own books as any oiher 9e i.uor, but tie
considered thie, a small business. He had heard .noch and seen
much on this question; he had seen the Senate refuse to d>s'ri-
hu e books useful to members in the discharsre ol th- n official
duties here, after they had been («id for, and those book* are
now useless; and yet he had seen large boxes of public docu-
ments, bound at the expense of Government, d'rert, d t.y Sena-
tors to their horses. He coosi iered these documents, as he <i,d
thefrankingrnvilegeof members, beneficial to the people as
they had the useof the documents as well as the uiiormation of
the member, at his residence, in the one case, and the ben.-fit of
sending their communications to, and receiving public nocu-
ments Irotn their members, in the oilier case, free of post ,ge.
He considered both as the privilege ol" the people ot d used >or
their beneut, as well as to enable the member the better to dis-
charge his duty to his constituents. He did not complain of
this; but he had caid he considered this a a small business. The
provision moved to be stricken out is contained in every act that
had paved, as he understood
Mr. LUMPKIN said he felt himself called upon to makes
few words of reply to the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. s Minr ]
That Senator was so elevated in his views and feelings, thut his
principal objection to s.nking out this book provision fai mem-
bers of Congress, seemed to consist in us being a small, a
trivial matter—a matter not worth the special attention of an
honora >le Senator of Congress. Sir, that gentleman and h y-
self differ widely in feelings and opinion upon this subject.
The more elevated thsstaiion, tha broader the trust; m due
proportion do I feel my sell bound to attend to what are called
small matters. Yes, sir, human1ife,even in those who are most
distinguished and elevated, is made up chiefly of small thin, s
It is not the lot of human life, in any condition, to find a perfect
or useful character, made up exclusively of great actions.
Mr. President, he who desires to discharge his duty as a
Senator on this floor, should be careful how be views with
censure the consideration ef matters which are, in this hall.
considered of small importance. Our daily duty requires of
uevigilance and attention to small things. I do not, however,
sir, consider this appropriation of thousands of dollars to print
and purchase books fer members of Congress, a very stnMl
matter. I consider it an abu.se of privilege on the part of mem-
bers of Congress, which, if not checked, and put down, will
be productive of evils of the greatest magnitude.
The Senatwr from Indiana [Mr. Smith] seems to rely for jus-
tification in voting these books to members of Congn us, upon
the fact, that under the authority of Congress, member  are
already burdened with a most enormous amount of printing in
the form of documents,whichare bound up in the form ofbooks.
He has advei ted to various items of extravagance in priming,
and privileges of franking, and other contingencies, which have
of late years become the ordinary expenses of Congress Mr
President, the picture drawn by the Senator, of these extrava-
gant and useless expenditures, is not too strong; but I must ad-
mit my surprise at the use which the Senator upon this occa-
sion seems disposed to make of the facts which he has present,
ed. The Senator's conclusion seems to be this: because Con-
gress hare become extravagant In printing and other contin-
gent expenses, therefore we are not to resist any proposition
which may be made to enlarge and increase the extravagance
complained of. Sir, my object is to check all the extrava-
gances complained of.
For myself, sir, I am heartily tired of the extravagance
of Congress, in both talking and printing. A: to the
books printed for the use of Congress, I consider most of
them useless lumber. They may serve to set off libraries, but
very few ofihrm will ever be read. I can buy more valuah'e
books for one hundred dollars, than theiotrusi l-'aluel ofjBvs
hundred dollars'cost of books printed under die authority of
Congress.
Mr. WALL said-he did not expect this to be made a test ques-
tion. The committee, in adopting this part of the bill, had ad-
liered to former usage, leaving it to the Senate to amend as they
might think proper. But Mr. W. would vote against striking
out this clause, and he should then move and vote to strike out
the whole section.
Mr. DAVIS said it was not a test question, and he might,
perhaps, vote for the amendment, and then vote against the
whole bill.                   «■
Mr. CLAY ef Kentucky said he should vote for the amend-
ment and against the bill.
The amendment of Mr. Lumpkin, striking out the distribution
to members of Congress, was agreed to—yeas 31, nays 6, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen. Anderson, Benton, Buchanan, Cal.
houn, Clay of A'abama, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton. Crittenden,
Davis, Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, Hun'ington, King,
Knight. Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas, Phelps, Pierce,
Porter, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
Iiama, and Young—31.
NAYS— Messrs. Cutbbert, Merrick, Norvell, Smith of Indi-
ana, Wall, and White—6.
On motion of Mr. WALL, the whole section relatirg
to the distribution of the woik was now stricken out without
dissent.                                                                       ...
On motion of Mr. CLAY of Alabama, the private and local
laws were required to be published in volumes separate from
the public and general laws, and the general index to be pub-
lished in a separate volume.
On motion of Mr. TAPPAN, the publtahere, instead ofoefwt
limited to the edition of 2,090 copies, were authorized to supply
theeeneral demand for the work at such a price as the Attor-
ney General should deem a fair, proper, and reasonable com-
^r. HTÍBBARD mored to strike out the sum of «3,000. as
compensation to the Attorney General, and appropriating mat
sum for the preparatory expenses •jjfcda^t on ftewj"'   „
This was advocated by Mr. dBbARD. "Pl^ J* ^.í.
CLAY of Alabama, and by Mr. GRÜÑDY, and rejected as fol-
l0YEAS-Me™rs. Allen. Bwton, Ca£o«, *>■£ . "uu^-
Huntington, King Lumpkin, Momoo, Preston, Roane, Buggies,
Tappan, and W alker—14.
ippan, anu vtaixer— j*                   of Alabama,   Clayton,
NAYS-Messrs   Buchsn ", Clay «^SKL «, ,£ ,,
Owhtx^rJw^Fnluji , tew * Ii«T,u' *m*"> - «• «
