CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#17
«tor Gulf, and he ehñne.l tnbute fro?", powerful tribes
fha'ex:c'ed lar along the Southern coust of Aliira. ]nb?\
the IV.ic.vV. ,- <>e-*f our ves,-t 1.* ofwa-, had on boaid c.'rei'v
i"ned by ''.e t.n.nni, very Civoi.ih1'* « u*, and raí u;~on one ot
the crr-J re'f* i« the Persian G.iit. wt.ere sue vis lei: in an
exposed si; uitioc, without n gun to beir, and subject to the at
tack* o' the ¡xiw-rftil Bedouins ''-at infest those coasis. It was
?>l mi/-'* from the Imaum ol V «rat; tie e i(iia'n sent an open
c-.tat, ihro'ig'i rreat danirer. to ipi !y for his assistance. He
promptly de.-pa'ched men to tbetr aid, anl s^ in 'he very vessel
now ividjj in i he por! oí" Vow York 'o r< lieve .hem, and g..ve
orders thai he would hold ih • suirounding tr.bo? responsible for
in  injury rf ire toour vesse's.
By this grnnnus assisuir.ee the Per.cock ¡rot afloat with
the loss of eleven euns, and saded to li-unb-iv ;o be refitted.
Bin the- Imaum, no: sa'iMied wi.h what he h id done, recovered
the guns with great d'fVuiiy, and usually sent them to B. m-
bay, a thousand mtrtsuiK at great expense and trouble. Tiiry
arrived m-t c-:"ore the Peacock was about to sail, and were
presented to her.
This was a ^adant anda noble act of gencmsi'y, that would
have done honor to any Christian prince or State. Mr. P. did
not know whether it had evjr been publicly returned and ac-
knowledged—it came from an expanded heart, and was worthy
of oot admiration.                                  *
Mr.P. then concludedby saying tha' the amendment of the
cemxittee ruvposed to give the proceeds of these prese,,:s to
the institution* for the support of orphans in this District—an
objectworthy of the sympathy and undivided support of every
humane and Christian heart. " If this amendment were adopted,
we would then exhibit the remarkable sp<=ct:vle of the de-
scendants of Ishmae! bearing presents from the uesert, destined
to con'iibute to the support of the helpless and fatherless of their
Christian and morecivilized brethren.
Mr. P. concluded by hoping the House would so dispose of
them, and demanded the previous qnesnon.
Mr. EVERETT solicited the gentleman from South Carolina
to withdraw :Iie amendment, to enable him to introduce a pro-
position to recommit the bill to the Committee of Foreign Af-
fairs, with ¡nstrucuons to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing a bill makng an appropriation for defraying the expenses
of the repairs of tha ship Sultana, belonging "to the Iinaum of
Muscat, and for her supplies while here and on her return
home; and for matting such other complements to the Imaum
of Muscat for the signal relief afforded to the United States
sloop of war Peacock, as the President shall deem proper.
Mr. PICKENS persisted in his motion for the previous ques-
tion, which received a second, and the main question having
been ordered; which main question was, Shall the House concur
with the Committee of Foreign Affairs in their amendment to
the Senate bill?
[This amendment authorizes the President to dispose of the
said presents (without in terms authorizing their acceptance)
the proceeds thereof to he divided among the charitable institu-
tions for orphat.s in this district.]
Mr. ADAMS demanded the yeas and nays on that motion;
which, having been ordered, were—yeas tíí , nays 89.
?o the House refused to concur in the amendment of the com.
miuee.
The question now being on ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time—
Mr. ADAMS demanded the yeas and nays on that motion;
which, having been ordered, were—yeas 73, nays 87, as tollows:
YEAS—Messrs. J. W. Ai.en, Atl.erton, Banks, Beatty, Black,
Botts, Boyd, Albert G. Brown. Burke, William O. Butler,
William B. Campbell, Carr, Chapman, Connor, William R.
Cooper, Craig, Cross, Dan^, John Davis, Doan. Doig, Ear!,
Eastman, Ely, Fisher, Floyd, Galbraith, Gerry, Goggin,
Griffin, Hand, John Hastings^ Hook, Hopkins, Jackson, Jame-
son, Joseph Johnson, Keim, Kern le, Kille, Leadbcter, Leet,
Lucas, McCu!!' h. Mallory, Marchaod, Miller, Mnntanya,
Samuel W. Morris, Parrish, Parmenter, Parris, Pickens,
Pope, Prentiss, Randen, Rayner, Robinson, Samuels, Shaw,
Albert Smith,Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, S.vearingen,
Sweney, Taylor, Turney, Vanderpoel, David D. Wagener,
Watterson, Weller, Wick, Jared AV. Williams, and Henry
Williams—75
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Judson Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Barnard, Beirne, Blackwell, Briggs, Sampson II. Butler,
Calhoun, Carroll, Carter, Casey, Cbrk, Clifford, James
Cooper, Mark A. Cooper. Crabb, Cranston, Crary, Crockett,
Curtis, Cushing, Davee, Davies, J. W. Davis, Garret Davis,
Dawson, Dennis, Dellet, Dromgoole, Edwards, Evans, Everett,
Fillmore, Fine, Fletcher, Fornancs, James Garland, Gates,
Goode, Win. S. Hastings, Ilemy, Hoffman, Hunt, James,
Chas. Johnston, Nathaniel Jones, Kempshcdl, King, Lincoln,
McCartv, MeClelian, McKay. Marvin, Mason, Monroe, Cal-
vary Morris, N'jbet, Osle, Osborne, Palen, Petnkin, Profiit,
Randolph, Reynolds, hin'^wny, Russell, Shepari!, Simonton,
Slade, Stanly, Stuart, Taliaferro, Waddy Thcmpson, TU-
linghast, Toland, Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood, Peter J.
Waener, Edward D. White, John White, Thomas W.
Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and Christo-
pher Williams—87.
So the joint resolution was rejected.
Mr. J. W. JONES moved to suspend the the rules, and that
the House íesolve itsell into Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union.
Mr. EVERETT endeavored to prevail upon the chairman of
Ways and Means to waive his motion, for the purpose of
admitting his motion to recommit the resolution above rejected,
with the instructions indicated.
Mr. JONES would not yield, and the question wag put and
agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union, [Mr. Evans in the chair,] and re-
sumed the consideration of tha bdl making appropriations for
thesupport of the army.
The CHAIR, stated that the question pending when the com-
mittee rose on-yesterday was the appeal taken by the gentleman
from Virguiu ¡Mr. WiseI from the decision of the Chair, that
the amendment proposed by the gentlemin from New Yolk,
[Mr. Curtis,] makina an appropnaiion of 845,000 for the pur-
chase ol sites on the Western waters on which to erect marine
hospitals, was m order.
Mr. CLIFFORD said the subject of the marine hospitals was
pending before the Committee of Commerce, and it was cer-
tainly not in order to arrest the action of that committee, by in-
troducing an amendment appropriating for the object, which
they had not even reported their views to the House upon.
He cmtenrVd that the amendment and decision ol the Chair
came l.i coinhrt with the 50th rule of the House, which says
that I'n •!• if .'i should be submitted under color of amendment,
different in chante¡Mrai.d principle, lor the bill or subject un-
der discus jon. Tnis ruie was no do- M adopted to prevent a
system of logrolling vr.ien the aupropr -dot: bills should be up
for consideration- it was done so as to let every proposition
stand on us M" ; ecnh-ir merits. Itis a proposition having no
relevancy to the bill bclote the House-itis totally different in
principle— the bid pertains to matters connected wiih the army,
and the amendment is a matter more relevant to the navy bill.
If the committee should depart Irom the rule which hadgoverned
it so far, and admit this proposition, proposition alter pro-
p i.-.it' u totally m-'evant and out of order, would be
proposed ; and l'ius consume all the time of the
House, without accomplishing any good purpose. It
was out o! no feeling of hostih'v to the proposition itself that
caused him to oppose its introduction into this bill; but if it
was upon its own merits, he would be in favor of aproper dis-
tribution of hospitals. But ihe subject had not been investi-
gated, and it was yet pending before the committee, and he
could not consent, even if the amendment were not in order, to
vote for it.
Mr. McKAY then read the rule whiehrequired that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means should report the several appro-
priation oil! í within thirty days, each bill appropriating to spe-
cif.c andd.sf.net classes oi objects authorized by law; from which
he arsuei: that it was rever intended that amendments entirely
different in p rinci pie from the bills, and not provided for by
exist'ng laws, should be appended as amendments. Notwith-
standing the rule requires tliat the bills should be reported
separately, the committee migh', with the same propriety,
amend the army bill, by attaching to it the whole navy bill, as
to admit this amendment, which was more relevant to the navy
bill than to the bill under consideration. He hoped the decision
of the Chair would not be sustained.
The appeal wa=- further debated by Messrs. WISE, STANLY.
ATHERTON, and McKAY,1n opposition to the decision or
the Chair, and by Messrs. DAVIS of Indiana and BRIGGS in
iavoi of his decision.
The question "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House!" was taken by tellers, and resulted—
ayes 57, noes 66.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed, and the amend-
ment declared to be out of order.
The item appropriating $50,000 for repairs and improve-
ments at Harper's Ferry having been read—
Mr. RICE GARLAND desired to be informed why the ap-
propriation was so large f
Mr. JONES of Virginia, explained that the appropriation
had been rendered necessary for repairs, &c. and referred to the
items setting forth the particular objects for which the money
was required.
Mr. WISE desired to be informed by the chairman, or some
member of the Committee on Military Affaiis, whether the Go-
mernment continued to experd money at the armories for the
manufaemre ofHall'j patent rifles?
Afier a monent's delay—
Mr. MONROE was understood to say that a few were still
manufactured.
Mr WISE went onto say that the rifle was useless, and that
he would not allow the one he had had to stay about his house.
It was more daneerous to the man who had to use it than it
was to a,j enemy." Mr. W. explained how and why. Improve-
ments, he said, were going on every day. Colt's rifle was said
to be better; so was Cochran's; and there were others. He was
willing to appropriate money for experiments in arms, but the
country ought to be very careful in adopting any. He wa3
told that 1 0,000 of Hall's rifles had been manufactured for the
Government. All tlvs money had been thrown away; and he
hoped that proncr attention would be given to the subject.
Mr. MONROE wa? glad, he said, that the gentleman from
Viiginia [Mr. WiseI had taken up the subject. This rifle was
not a favorite with him, [Mr. M.] But the gentleman would
best obtain his object by offering a resolution directing that these
arms shall not be given out, or adopting some other course by
which the object Can be effected.
Mr. WISE offered an amendment, in the shape of a proviso,
declaring that none of the money hereby appropriated shall be
expended in the manufacture of Hall's patent rifle.
Mr. GRAVES raised the question that the amendment
was out of order, on the ground that it was not in order, on
an appropriation bill, to regulate the sort of arms that shall be
The CHAIR had some doubts, he said, on the subject, but
finally decided that the amendment was not in order.
Mr. WISE appealed (rom that decision.
And th  question being, "Shall the decision ofthe CnAiRstand
as the judgment ofthe committee?"
The arpeal was debated by Messrs. GRAVES, MONROE,
WISE, PROFF1T, LUCAS, and WADDY THOMPSON,
when
Some conversation took place between the CHAIR and Mr.
WISE, from which it appeared that when the Chair had deci-
ded the amendment of Mr. W. tobe out of order, he had done so
on the ground that it was not relevant to any clause of the bill
under consideration; but the Chair intimated the opinion that it
would be in order hereafter.
Mr. WISE thereupon withdrew his appeal, giving notice of
his ntention to renew it at the end ofthe bill.
Mr. RICE GARLAND (not being satisfied, he said, with the
explana'ions of Mr. Jones of Virginia, why so large an amount
should be appropriated for the armory at Harper's Ferry) moved
to reduce the amount from $50,000 to $25,000.
Mr. JONES of Virginia said this appropriation, it was true,
was something larser than at previous years; but it would be
recollected that the"appropriation was withheld entirely last
year. The money was to be expended on very important ob-
jects; it was to repair the buildings, erecta new forge, and to
place this armory in a condition to manufactuie arms with
more facility. The supply of arms was entirely inadequate to
the wants ofthe country, if, in case of emergency, the arms
should be needed. The amount was as low as it ought to be for
the purpose to which it was to be applied. If it was reduced,
it might he that it could not be so applied as to make it at all
useful    He hoped the reduction would not be made.
Mr COOPER of Georgia said if the gentleman from Louisia-
na [Mr. Garland] would move to reduce all the items 25 per
cent, he would go with him.
Mr, MONROE was opposed to the reduction. It would de-
stroy the effect of the whole appropriation.   When he wa« in
the army he had an opportunity of witnessing the had effect of
such a course. Frequently the object of the appropriation
was annulled by such an unmeaning reduction. It could not
be applied, because it was inadequate to effect tbe object, and
would provea waste if it were to be applied. There was no
economy in such a course. When we get the arms manufac-
tured they are in the hands of the people. He was in favor of
large and judicious appropriations to objects of defence. He
would go so fur as to place in the hands of the militia works on
mil.tary tactics, to give them all the information which would
contribute to make them useful when their services were need-
ed in the field; but he was told that the Treasury would not
bear it. Such economy as this was not regarding the great in-
terests ol the country. He was for as increase of the arms
and munitions ot war.
Mr. MARK A. COOPER said, he was not surprised at the
views of economy of the gentleman from New York. They
were such as might be expected from a gentleman coming from
that section of country. He comes from a quarter that hold 
to the principle that they should go in debtil there was not mo-
ney to supply what might be conceived to be their want.
Mr. R. GARLAND said, he was disposed to make all pro-
der appropriations to keep up the arsenals. This appropria-
tion was not an ordinary one, and there should be good reasons
shown why it should be made. In the present state of affairs
he was in favor of small appropriations.
Mr. MONROE could not consent to reduce appropriations
of this kind, considering the state of defences of the country.
He was for putting the army and navy in a condition that
would cope with any power.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON maintained that this was no pro-
per time to make improvements of any kind, considering the
exhausted condition of the Treasury. Even if it should re-
duce the manufacture of arms, he would go font. But if it
was reduced it would not touch such m ami fa iture.
The question was then taken on the motion to reduce, and
disagreed to without a count.
Mr.RARIDEN wished to inquire from the Chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, whether any estimate from
the Cumberland Road had been sent to the committee by the
President or Secretary, as he had seen a statement to that effect
in some of the Western papers.
Mr. JONES was surprised at such a question. The gentle-
man, from the commencement of the session, had had the same
opportunities of examining all the documents and estimates aa
himself. He therefore rather doubted the sincerity of the gen-
tleman in asking the question.
Mr. RARIDEN made some complaint at not receiving a re-
ply. He had ransacked all the documents in vain to find such
an estimate, and believed that none such had been sent to the
House.
Mr. JONES said he had no objection to say that at the com-
mencement of the session no estimite for the Cumberland Road
had been submitted, among those which formed the basis of bills
reported.
Mr. RARIDEN asked if there had been any estimate since.
Mr. JONES said tt at no estimate had been submitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means by the House, with a view to
report a bill to continue the Cumberland road, although he be-
lieved the proper bureau having charge of this subject had sent
in estimates to Congress.
Mr. RARIDEN said he would, upon his own responsibility,
submit an amendment, and let it stand upon its own me-
rits. Mr. R. then proposed an amendment appropriating
8225,000 for the continuation of the Cumberland road in the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois—*75,00010 be expended in
each of those States, under the supervision of the War De-
partment.
Mr. JONES inquired of the Chair whether the amendment
was in order.
The CHAIR decided that it was not.
From this decision Mr. DAVIS of Indiana appealed.
The appeal was debated, and the decision of the ChaB was
opposed by Messrs. DAVIS of Indiana, RARIDEN, MASON
of Ohio, TILL1NGHAST, and PROFFIT.
And, it being now half past 2 o'clock, the House took the
usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess—
The consideration ofthe
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL
was resumed in Committee of the Whole, Mr. Evahs in the
Chair.
The question pending was the appeal from the decision ofthe
Chair, that the amendment in relation to an appropriation for
the Cumbeiland road, was not in otder.
Mr. RARIDEN observed that as there was no quorum pre-
sent, he would withdraw the amendment, with a view of renew-
ing it hereafter.
Mr. G1DDINGS then asked leave to offer an amendment
making; an appropriation for the repair of a ceitain harbor in
Ohio.
Mr. JONES objected to the introduction of such an amend-
ment as out of order.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment as out of order.
Mr. GIDDINGS took an appeal, but the decision of the Cha 
was affirnned.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia moved to amend by reducing the
amount appropriated for armories, fortifications, arsenals, etc.
25 per cent. Mr. C. said that, «wing to the embarrassed condi-
tion of the Treasury, it was highly necessary that some reduc-
tion should be made; although he was willing to go for the full
amount of all appropriations that were strictly needed.
Mr. DAWSON was in favor of granting the full amount of
appropriations asked for, and then afterwards holding the Ad-
ministration strictly responsible for those appropriations.
Mr. JONES contended that more of tbe appropriations could
be reduced without manifest injury to the public service. He
alluded to the vast number of Indians on our Southwestern
frontier, which required the vigilance of Government to keep
them in subjection, and a suitableAovision for fortificaooiw,
etc. so as to protect our citizens against them. He a,soall"?^.t°
the deficiency of fire arms, there not being at present more than
sufficient to arm two States of the Union. He therefore n°P£
that no objection would be made to the amounts se.down .m
the bill, as the public interest required that the whole should be
aPMr°PEVERETr said this motion brought np the general
Mr. EViittK* i saia """"* {   the want of means to meet
