514
Ways and Mean*, for his estimate ol the revenue for this yeor,   ''
exciusneofTreasury notes.                                                       j
Mr JO nES said i 6 was unable at that moment to state fur-
ther ib in that it was expected to fall considerably below ihu
estima es for the residue of the year.
M. EV KUETT resumed    The statement of the Secretary of
the Treasury, laid before the other House en the 19th of June,   i
showed that the whole revenue lor the tirst five months, (from   !
January the 1st to June the lst,1 was about seven and a half
millions    For tho residue of the year k would moat probably
exceed that amount, making for the jear not over fifteen mil-
1 iis.   Thts, with five midionsof Treasury notes, made the   '<
whole revenue twenty millions    The appropriation, originally   |
teunatedat that sum, would be increased by appropriations    I
n >t onamally here, but recommended by the Departments, to    '
tvMiiy-seven millions—say twenty five millions     Now how    i
wax the deficiency to be supplied! " He desired to ask the hono-   ,
rab e chairman whether a lurther grant of Treasury notes would    .
be asked «lining the dreaent session
Mr JONES replied that there had been no action of the com-    '
mime that would enable him at that time to answer the ques-    ,
uon    He could not then determine what might be the amount
•f the appropriations; but he expressed the hi'pe that no more
Treasury no-es would be necessary.                                             I
Mr. EV Bit E IT said he was glad to hear it, although he could
not see how the Government would make the two ends I
meet. It did seem to be be a case, in which either further i
means should be provided, or the appropriations reduced
Thai subject, however, he was obliged to leave to the commit
tee They must best know where the reductions should be
made, and the responsibility rested upon them He could not,
however, but thtnk 'hat the subject of the defence of the West
em frontier was ill chosen for a reduction Considering the ex-
tent of that frontier, the number oí Indians, and the hostile feel-
ing of some portion of them, he thought every thing should be
done necessary for the defence of that quarter. He thought that
a recent event had increased the danger. He would not then
enter into the subject further than to express that opinion.
Mr. t OOPEK said he wished it to be understood that he did
not wish to reduce the ordinary expenses of the Government i
He was willing to vote for that; and if there were not money !
enough in the Treasury, he would borrow it He did not agree
w th his colleague in giving the money to the Administration
because they asked lor it By doing so, his colleague would be
throwing his own responsibility as a Representative upon the
Government, which he had no right to do.
Mr BRI6G3 could not agree with the gentleman who offer-
ed the amendment After we had erected these fortifications and
public works, the gent'eman wished to cut off one quarter of
the money necessary to keep them in operation Let the gen-
tleman l*ok at the state of our Southwestern frontier, where the
danger had been such that we had increased our standing army,
and yet here be offered a proposition to cut down one lourth ol
the sums necessary for keeping up the public works. The gen- I
tleman wished to do this, and yet lie said he did not wish to in-
terfere with the ordinary and common appropriations of Go-
vernment
Mr WADDY THOMPSON advocated the amendment. The
ob|ects to which the sums were to be applied did not come un-
d^r the ordm i ey expenses of Government, They were extra-
o diuary, ane. if the proposition had been to reduce the sums
fifty per ren' ns ead of twenty five, he would vote for it
t Mr CROSS objected to any reduction in the appropriations for
f n fi a inns, &c. He alluded to the defenceless state ol the im-
mm So uhwtMtern iron ler, and contended that Government
w%« bound to make i rovis on for the defence of our ci 'zens in
th ,t quarter, and which required every cent of the money set
dnwn m tbebiil.
Mr TILLINGHAST thought the best way would be to grant
the ap >rjpri*non m-ked for, as, otherwise, the Administration
coili not justly be h-ld responsible It was n t tus fart of
making the appropria ion that created the resp nstbility, but the
suiiiki in which that money was used af ei it had been appro
pnated Besides, the general reduction of 25 per cent would
not be <*nmp^tible with all the items specified
M MO SROE oppose 1 the amen tment with much warmth
He 'id not consider it just or honorable foi gentlemen, alter
they ha 1 goi nd of the Indians from their own Mate, to object
i  the pro ec'K>n of other -tales from their incursions. Was it
n >t i n t and proper for the gentleman from Georgia to vote for
Ihitifi-utnns for the protection of the frontier States against
thin><> I uliana whom he had sent there?
The q jes.ton was then taken on the amendment, and it was
rejected
Mr  JONES then moved to amend by inserting t\9,764 for    I
tht repurot arsenals injured by fire and sto ms    Mr J ex-    I
pained hat these arsenals had been damaged since theesti
mates nad been first sent in, and at the request of Mr Rich    I
Cam, and hail re-id by the Clerk a statement from the Secretary
in rctluiinn to the matter                                                             :
Tie «merdmeot was then agreed to                                        |
Mr  JONES then  offered  an amendment   appropriating   '
•300,000 «or the suppression of Indian hostilities in Florida, to
be expended under the superintendence of the Secretary of
W r
Ir recly to a qnesuon from Mr STANLY,
Mr JONES explained that the reason this item was not m-
eluded in the original estimates was, that it was anticipated, the   I
war would shortly be brought to a close, in which case no   '
further appropriation would have been mcessary    But as the   i
rum. ipati. ns of the Department had not been realized, the Se    I
notary ol Wir thougi tit advisable before the adjournment of
Congress, tn ask an additional appropriation of $300,000, which
addid  to the unexpended balance of former appropriation,
would it wis bought to he amply surfi tent
Mr *TANLY opposed the amemendment, and in the course
of t,ia remark*    • i te «led that ttie A I ministration had i,een   ,
trinity of increasing ihe standing army, also, thai it wm h-u     I
d'Wín o increase it e<i I farther    He had uot concluded, when
a motion was made ttatthe committee rise, wuch motion pre
Vrt|  Oil,                                                                                                                                        ^              |
A. id the House adjourned.                                                       i
IN "-ENATE,
Fk'dat Juiy 10 1840.
Mr DAYÍ3, frcm .tie Committee on Commerce, submitted
a r. put in reljiMir-, r. tneHiu'e bill for the relief of Gilbert A
¿mi h wd V<ri an ri ark, which was ordered to be printed
tor HDB8A It D, trun the Committee on Finnnre, to which
was re eired tlw • •'' or iba relief of Thomas Latham, reported
it witaout amendment.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr H said that some tune etneo the Senate a'lopted a reso
lutton reported by the Committee on Claims, adverse to the
claim ol the heirs of Fulton Subsequently amotina was made
to reconsider this vote, which henow moved to take up.
Tho motion to reconsider was then taken up, and on motion
by Mr. H indefinitely postpontd
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill from the
House to establish a uniform rule of computing the mileage of
members of Congress The question being on Mr Tvorvelx's
motion to postpone Hie bill indefinitely—
Mr CLAY of Kentucky spoke at lai¿c in favor of the bill
It was passed, he said, by the nearly unanimous voti of the
other House, and ten j ears ago a similar bill was passed by the
other Hnase, and defeated by the Senate
He alluded to the unpleaseantne«s of tourhingany abuses of
this k nd, from the great number of indiv lduals interested in
them, Irom whom it whs difficult to e-cape animadversion But,
as always, Mr C would now proceed to perioim his duty, re-
gardless of himself, but sinceiely desirous not to injure unne-
cessarily the feelings ol any member, and he trusted his re
marks would be listened to in the same spirt of cnur.esy with
which he destined to make them The time of hts retreat
from public life was not very distant, and before retiring, he
wished to point out three or four abuses, which he would, in
part, do at this time One related lo the franking privilege, of
which there were abuses in t>ery way whichMr C specified,
and pointed to certain remedies Another great one was that
now und*r consideration Mr C proceeded to show that the
law respecting mileage had been rendered very greatly uncer
tain and unequal, ] arncu'arly by railroads and steamoats
He closed by alluding to ihe extraordinary increase in the ex
penditures of the Government During the administration of
Washington, Adams, and the first term of Jefferson, the w hole
civil list did not exceed 96(10,000 yearly Now, the Treasury
Department alone nearly reached that sum, and the expenses
of Congress, including stationery, printing, fuel, «fee even went
beyond it And reforms by Cengaess, he insisted, ought to be-
gin wnh ihems-lvee.
After seme remarks by Mr CALHOUN.
Mr WRIGHT having remarked .hat the Senator from South
Carolina had almost whollv anticipated what he had designed
to say, proceeded to enlarge somewhat on the same views, and
said he should vote for the postponement.
Mr DAVIS urged that this subject had been very thoroughly
considered in the other House, and the result of it was a full
conviction that the air line was, on the whole, the best and most
equal standard of distance, and it was one which admitted of
no change and no uncertainty.
fc He also insisted that it was usual, if reforms, when proposed,
were delayed for any reason, they were not again taken up; and
he stated various cases in point, and the present rule for mile-
age, he maintained, was unequal and unjust, and ought to be
corrected
Mr SMITH of Indiana said, as he should vote against
the indefinite postponement of the bill, he desired to place his
vote on its true ground In the vote he should give, he did
not wish to be understood as committing himself to vote for
the bill as it passed I tie House That bill fixes the mileage of
members upon a direct air line; this, he thought, would be
found unequal aud unjust, as it was a line never travelled,
and impossible te be travelled Again, it would be unjust to
members who had to travel on a circuitous route to their places
of residence He, therefore, woullv te against the indefinite
postponement, in the hope that the bill would be so amendej
as to make it aceptable He held that the true rule was to
pay ihe member for the distance he would be compelled to tra
vel so as to conveniently arrive at the seat of Government, and
not the route'his pleasure or convenience night dictate He
thought the liw should be to make the allowance upon the
nearest mail or post route This would make the liw ('(finite
er ough He admitted that Ihe law, as it stood was liable tn
be, and was, mi construed, operating unequally and uniustly
between d fferent members He concurred wnh the Sena or
from South Carolina IMr Calhoun 1 that the object of the
law giving mileage was not altogether to pa> member  for 'heir
expenses in travelling; it was, in part, a compfnsation to dis
tant members for the inconvenience and sacrifice they were
compelled to make in being so far removed fiom their homer,
while those nearer to the seat of Givernment could freq ient-
ly visit their families during the session
Mr LUMPKIN said Mr Prt «dent it has rarely fallen to my
lot to attend to a discussion in this eenate wnh more pleasure
and interest, than 1 have done this morning This discussion has
convinced me of the power and force of truth Some months
rgo, in urging upon this Senate the consideration of the value of
tune, and the duty of shortening the sessions of Congress I took
occasion to siy, that after all that had been said and written in
and out of Congress on the «ubj^ct of Government abuses
the most alarming abuses of the Federal Goverr mint might be
traced direct'y or indirectly to Congress My remarks at that
time, sir, seemed to have but limited influence upon theSeraie
To day sir. I have the high aratifioation to heai almos* everv
honorable Senator who has spoken upon the subject, frar kly
admit the abuses which have crept into Congress, and exprees a
willingness to enter earnestly upon th-- work of reform by ap
propnate legislation I heard the Senator from Kentucky TMr
Clay] with great satisfaction and general approbation That
Senator has advocated the bul from the Hou«e of Representatives
with a clearness and perspicuity which cannot be surpassed
His remarks, accompanied by the facts which he hss sub-
mitted, aft* >rd incontestable evidence of the inequality and in
justice of the present pr etice of settling the mileage oi'members
of Congress, and sat'sfi"s my mind, that the mode proposed in
this bill is the nearest approach to justice which has yet been
presented to 'he consideration of Congress, and lam therefore
prepared to g ve the bill my hearty support But for the able
irnnner in whirh this bill has be  n suipirted by the Senator
from K murkv, [Mr Clay.J I should have felt it my duty to
have nnrte some remarks in de'ail in its support, but I now feel
relieved from that necessity
Mr Presi lent, I trust the passage of this bill will lie but the
first step in eorrectinr abuses connected with the expenses of
Congress From the «pint manifested bv Senators in iheir re-
mirks this morning I mdulee the hope that various other
abuses will be speedily reformed by legislation The use and
abuse ol stationery, as well as the franking privilege, calls
aloud for reform.
And what is still of much greater importance than any which
has yet been adverted to, is the want of a fai'hful and punctual
attendance of the members of Congress to their legislative du-
ties.   What luve we seen during the present session of Con-
gress!    How olten has the business of legislation been re-
tarded for the want of a quorum, in on« branch of Congress at
lea^tl   How many members of Congress, during the presmt
session, ba> e been absent from their se* r. for dai s, weeks, and
months together, engaged in pursuits ol business, pleasure, or
pastime1!   Io it not the common custom of these absentees to
i    receive full compensation for the whole session, whether pre-
¡    sent or absent!   Is this just—is it right!   Who pays the laborer
11   wages for days, weeks, and months, when he is absent from his
1    work1   This is not he custom ol ourcotintry in the ordinary
. I   businoss of life    Men are paid in pr porlitin to their labor ¿nil
attention to business, and whv thould members of Ctmeress be
anexceptionl   1 will forbear making luither remarks at pia
sent, and give my vote in favor of the bill from the Hou^c
The question was then laken on llu indefinite pobtpo ement
[    of the bill, and was negatived, astnllows
YE\S—Messrs Anderson, Benton Brown, Calhoun, Clay of
Alabama, Cuthben, Fulton, Lrundy, Lmn  Mouton, Norvell,
,    Smith of Connecticut, Strange, S uigeon, Walker, and W ritrht
I     —lb
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Buchanan, Clay of Kentucky, C avton,
Crittenden, Davis, Dit >n, Hubbard, Huntincton, King, Ki rg* t,
Lumpkin, Merrick, Phelps Pierce, Porter Preston, Roane, Rug-
gles, Smith of Indianaf Tallmadge, Tappan, Wall, White, Wil-
liams, and Young—26
Mr LINN moved instead of the straight line, to make the
nearest mail mute the standard of disunce
Mr W ALKER proposed the most usual mail route, to be de
teimiiiedby a punt eommiltee of Congies , and the rru'eaga of
members, a al'owed, to be published
This amendment Mr LINN accepted foi his own
Mr CLAY of Kentucky aigued thatthis rule would be sub-
ject to great uncertainty and adduced some cases in which it
wou d be very difficult to determine which was the most usual
mail route
Mr CaLHOUN and Mr ALLEN made some remarks
in faver of publishing the mileage of each member, thus mak-
ing him responsible for this, as for other things, to Ins consti-
tuents
Mr DAVIS moved to strike out the most usual mail rout 
from Mi. Linn's amendment, and insert the nearest mail route.
He argued in support of this that in many cases there were seve-
ral routes, which were tegular and constant, and none of them
could be said to be more usual than another
Mr CLAY of Alabama suggested that it ought to be the prin«
cipal mail route, which could be better determined
Af.er some further remaiks hy Mr WALKER for, and Mr.
PRESTON against, Mr Walker's an endment,
The amendment of Mr Davis, making the shortest mail
I   route the standard of distance, was agreed io, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Anderson, Brown, Buchanan Clay of
Ky Clayton, Critten len, Cuthbert, Davis, Dixon, Hubbard,
Huntington, King, Knight, Mernck, Norvell, Pierce, Porter,
Preston Roane, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, Tap
pan, Whi e, and Young—26
NAYS—Messis Benton, Calhoun. Clay of Alabama, Fulton,
Grundv, Linn, Lumpkin Mouton, Phelps, Smith of Connecti-
cut, Sturgeon, Walker, Wall, and Wright—14
The amendment of Mr Walkbe, as thus amended by Mr
Davis, was agrei d to, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Allen. Ander«on, Benton, Brown, Buchanan,
Calli iun, Clay of A'n. Tultnn, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Linn,
Mouton, Norvell, Pne'ps. Pierce, Roane, Smith of Indura,
Strange, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Walker, Wall, Wright, and
Young—25
NAYS—Messrs Clay of Ky Clayton, Crittenden, Cuihbert,
Divis, Dixon, Knight, Lumpkin, Porter, Preston, Ruggles,
|     Smith ol Conn and White—13
Mr WAI KER moved to amend the bill by insetting at the
end the eof ' and her after ihere shall be no ttationery allowed
to any member? of Congre s "
AMer s 'me remarks bv Messrs. GRUNDY, Cl.AY of Ken-
tucky, CALHOI N, S.ILEN, WALKER, BUCHANAN,
TALLMADGE and CLAY of Alabama,
Mr CLAY of Alabama movedthe following as a substitute
"Be it lurther emcted, That instead of the allowance of sta
tioncry to the members of the Senate and House ot Represen
tativ sdunngthe session of Congress, as now allowed, there
shall be all iw e,l and pan! to each member, the sum of twenty
do'latsand no more "
After some remarks from Mr WALKER in opposition, the
amendment wa« agreed to, and alter some further remarks
bv Mr KNIGHT, the amendment of Mr Walker, as mod fied,
was agreed lo—ayes 29, noes 11, as follows
' YEA^—Messrs Allen Anderson. Brnvvn, B ichanan Cal
houn Clay of Alabama, Clay of Kentuckv, entienden Davis,
Fulton, Grimr'v, Henderson. Hiib'iard, Huntington, King,
Knight, Lumpkin, Mouton. Porter, Preston Ruggles, Smi h ol"
Connecticut. Smith of Indiana, Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan,
i    Wilker, Wright, Young—£9
NAYS—Messrs Benton C'ayton Dxon, Lmn, Merrick, Nor-
vell Roane,TaMmadge, W'aH, White, Will ams—II
I      Mr   LINN moved to amend the bill by inserting the foi-
I   lowing
"Section 3 And be it further enacted, That any member of
the Senate or House of Representatives neglecting to answer to
the roll of the yeas an 1 nays on any qi estion, shall be deemed
to be absent for that day, un'ess absem from sickness, or by at-
tendance upon a committee, and his per diem for thai day
shall be t'educted "
This amendment, after some remarks hv Messrs. CALHOUN,
I CLAY!ON, PREVTON. AlLEN GRUNDY, KMGIIT,
I HUBBARD LUMPKIN, PIERCE. BUCHANAN, and CR1T-
i     TENDEN, was agreed to—aye* 32, noes 17, as lollows
YEAS—Messrs    Al'en   Anderson,   Benton, B own. Bucha-
nan Clay of Alabama, Fulton. Grnn Iv   Henderson, Hubbard,
i    Lmn,   Lnmpkin,  Mouton.  Nmvell,  Pierce, Smiih   of Con-
I    neciiciit. SiraBge, Sturgeon, Tappan,   Walker,   Wright, and
I    Youig—22
NAY#—Messrs. Calhoun. Clav of Kentnrkv, Cliyton. Cnt-
'enden, Cuthher'. Davis Dixon, Huntington, King, K'iieht,
Merrick Porter, Preston, Roane, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge,
ard White—17
Mr YOUNG moved to add the fallowing to the end of the
second section
"And provided that no member of either House shall hereaf-
ter frank any letter, paper, or document, but such as may, in
igood fai'h, appertain to his own business or correspondence, or
frank any blank envelope of any kind or description, for the use
of any other person or persons tinder any pretence whatever."
