CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
Btt consider himself justified in voting for the amendment, as
be was opposed to any increase of the standing army
The committee, on motion of Mr. W. THOMPSON then
And the House adjourned.
To which is to be added the amount receiva-
ble in 1S10,         .          •          -                760,000
•I, 620,000
IN SENATE,
Sattrday.JuI.v 11, 1540.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented two several petitions, nu-
merously signed by uuiens oi that Stato, praying for a reduc-
tion of the satanes oí the officers oi the Federal Government.
Mr. S. said he scarcely knew what disposition to make of the
petitions at this ¡ateperiHl oi the session, however worthy of
ConsiJerationthesuhiect of the reduction of salaries might be,
and he could not ho|>e lor noy action upon them at this session;
be would therefore toy them upon the table, to taken up
hereafter and appropriately referred; which was ordered ac-
cordingly.
Mr. UKUNDY,on leave, introduced a bill to provide for the
allowance ol' invalid pensions to certain Cherokee warriors,
under the fourteenth article of the treaty of 1S35; which was
r*ad toe first and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Altairs.,
Mr. Fl'I.TON, 'rom the Committee on the Public Buildings,
to whom was refrired the petition of Samuel Norris, and
Frederick Sangram of Arkansas, reported a bill lor their relief;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. CLaY of Alabama, on leave, introduced a bill making an
appropriation ol t56,450 for the improvement of the harbor of
Mobile.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, reported a joint resolution directing the transfer to
the State of Maryland of the stock in the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal, standing in the name of the United States.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. WHISHT moved to take up the bill from the House
making appropriations for the naval service for the year
IS .
Mr. MERRICK said he hoped the Senator would not press
that motion. It would be understood that when the Senate was
disposed to adjourn ever to Monday, he had urged on its con-
sideration the necessity there existed for immediate actum on
the bill tnrechaner the banks of this District. The case was
one of great urgency, and he hoped the Senate would indulge
him in taking it up.
Mr. TAPPAN said he could see no great urgency in the
matter, at least none that would warrant the Senate in taking it
up to the prejudice of other bills of more importance. Be-
tides, this was a b'll from the House, and might be acted on at
any time within the last three days of the session.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he should consider that there
Was some little urgency in a case where the entire business of
the whole District was at a stand, persons driven out of employ,
and industry paralyzed; and yet gentlemen "could see no ur-
gency."
Mr. WRIGHT said that the naval bill was one of high im-
portance to the country, and it was necessary that it should be
acted on with the least possible delay, that it might be sent to the
other body.
Mr. CLAY would inquire if the bill was likely to lead to much
discussion. If there would be time enough left to dispose of
the other bill, he would advise his friend from Maryland [Mr.
Merrick] to acquiesce.
Mr WRIGHT said that he thought it would take up very
little time; the amendments were not very complicated. He
would say to the Senator from Kentucky, that after the bill was
disposed of, he for ene would pledge himself to sit there until the
District bill was disposed of.
Mr. MERRICK then yielded assent; when, on motion of Mr.
WRIGHT, the bill making appropriations for the naval service
of 1340 was taken up.
The following amendments reported by the committee to the
appropriation fur a dry dock at New York being under conside-
ration, "Provided that no other part ol this appropriation shall
be expended prior to the fourth day of March next, than may
be required to cause the proper examinations, surveys, and
«oun ings to determine whether or not the said diy dock can be
properly and usefully located within the bounds ofthe properly
now owned by the United States in connection.'with the navy yard
it Brooklyn, urilesssueh location shall provejsatisfactory,'and the
President of the United States shall be sail.-fie I that the means
of the Treasury will be sufficient to meet all appropriations for
the current service for that period over and above the money to
be drawn for the construction of the said dry dock."
Mr. WILLIAMS proposed to amend the amendment reported
by the Committee on Finance, so that $270,000, part of the
1670,000 diverted from former appropriations, for the gradual
improvement of the navy, should now be reappropriated for
that object, and said: Tue bill, as passed by the House of Re-
presentatives, «appropriates $670,000 for the gradual improve-
ment of the navy, tumakegoud to that branch ofthe service
the $330,000 appiopnated last year, and 83*0,000 appropriated
by this bill for bunding two steam ve-sse]*, which sums are di-
rected to be taken from the amount h&retofore appropriated for
the gradual improvement of the navy. The Committee en Fi-
nince recommend the striking out the whole of this reappro-
pnatioD, and assign their reasons for so doing to be the low
«ate of the Treasury, and the probability  ihat this money
may not be required fot use by the Navy Department until
Mother year.
The object ofthe amendment proposed by me is to reduce the
mm proposed by the House to be now reappropriated, and yet
to retain such a portion of the reapprnprUtion as seems to me
tobe essential to the purposes for which this money was ori-
ginally granted. In 1327, Congress appropriated half a mil-
lion of dollars annually for six years, to be expended in pur-
«unugand preserving timber for the eradual improvement of
the navy, and in 1831 continued the appropriation for six vears
mors, «,ioenlarged the objects of expenditure so as toinclude
other materials for the same object; and in 1837, it was provided
that a portion ofthe money might be applied for procuring
ordnance. In 1833, it was found that í 1,500 Ot/l of these appro-
priations hail not been expended, and would revert to
the Treasury. Whereupon Congress n.appropriated that
amount for the purchase of timber and other materials for the
"¡fvy, payable Iialf in 1*39 and half in IS40. By referense to
the annual lepoii and documents ofthe Secretary of the Navy
at the commencement of the. present session, it will be seen that
in December last, there was unexpended of these appropria-
tions, about         -         -         .                «870.000
And that contracts are now made, upon which there
will be to be paid, when the contracts shall have
been performed, about                             ;             1,200,000
Leaving about         •         •         8120,000
at the disposal of the Navy Department, except that of the
330,000 directed by the act of 1S39 to he applied to the building
of steamers, only about $30,Q0u had then been drawn from the
Treasury; and alter the balance, say $300,000, shall be taken
for that object, there will then remain about 100,000 beyond
satisfying  subsisting   contracts,  and  the   appropriation   for
steam vessels last   year.    The   bi'l now   under considera-
tion   directs   a   further sum  of 310,000,  to   be   diverted
from   the   fund   provided  for   procu'ing   and   preserving
materials for the gradual improvement of the navy, to com-
plete the steam vessels.    This can only bo done by using at
this time money on hand belonging to the fund for the gradual
improvement of<he navy, which is pledged to the payment of
subsisting contracts; but inasmuch as those payments are not to
be madeuntil the materials contracted  for shall be delivered
such a diversion might be made without injury to the service,
provided the 9670,000 so diverted, or part of it, could now be re-
appropriated, payable at a future day, as provided in the bill.
Wiiti"u' soinereappropriation, it will be seen that mere is not
a d'.llar at the disposal of the Navy Department beyond what
will ultimately he required to satisfy subsisting contracts, and
the appropriations ol the last and present year for the steam
vessels.   It is understood that no provisionhas,asyet,bcenmade
for obtaining the necessary armament of any vessels to be con-
structed of the materials on hand, and that more time would be
required to procure the proper armament, than would be neces-
sary to build the vessels.   There are but few places in the
United States at which ordnance proper for ships of war can be
procured, and it is desirable and important that the Department
should have the power now to make arrangements for such ord-
nance, in order that it may be obtained at reasonable prices and
in proper time.   Without appropriation, theDepaitmenthasno
power to make any such arrangements, and who can tell how
much the nation may suffer from our neglecting now to concur
with the House in reappropriating at least a part of the sum
which this and a former bill diverted from the fund so wisely set
apart by our predecessors for the eradutl improvement of the
navy.   The condition of the Treas dry is the princi pal reason as-
signed by the Committee on Finance for amending the House
bill, and while I would regret   o make appropriations beyond
the means of the-Treasury to meet, am willing to modify the
House bill so as to reduce the appropriation to 'he lowest possi-
ble point consistent with retaining any power in the Navy De-
partment to provide for the armament of vessels when built, I
cannot agree to strike out the whole «appropriation; but am
ready to reduce it as far as may be consistent with what I regard
the necessities ofthe service.   It must be seen by every Senator
that at the  last  and present sessions of Congress   we take
$670,000 from the fund appropriated for the gradual improve-
ment ofthe navy, and apply it to building and completing two
steam vessels, and this, in addition to the materials which had
been Iprovided for other vessels, and now used in i hese.   At
thlsldonot complain; butitseemsio me that justice, as well
as public duty, should constrain us to provide foi the reim-
bursement, at somefuture day, of a part at least of this sum to
enable the department to carry out the intention of those who
provided a fund for the purchase of materials for the gradual
improvement of the navy.    All agree that  the navy is the
right arm of our defence, and how can it be justified that we
shall divert money heretofore appropriated for procuring ma-
terialsjfor the improvement of the navy and apply it to the
building of steam vessels, without providing, at the same time,
for the «appropriation of so much of Has will enable the depart-
ment to procure ordnance and armament for the ships to be
constructed from materials alieady on hand?
After some remarks from Mr. Wright, the question was
taken on Mr. Williams's motion, and it was lost.
The question then recurring on the amendment of the commit-
tee, some discussion ensued, in the course of which,
Mr. CALHOUN suggested that a similar appropriation to
that made for a dry dock at New York, should be made for one
at Pensacola. Mr. C. spoke of the long maritime frontier re-
quiring stations in case of war, not only for our ships to repair
to for security, but for defence also. He believed it all-impor-
tant for the protection of Southern interests, and expressed the
hope that while they were drying up the sources of so many
surplus expendituies, the moat liberal support should be ex-
tended to the navy.
After some remarks from Messrs. WILLIAMS, TAPPAN,
and WRIGHT,
Mr. CUTHBERT said that he did not rise to enter into any ar-
gument to show the expediency of constructing dry docks either
at New York or Pensacola, but to express his strong convictions
that those who had the interests of this country at heart, and
particularly'lie interests of the Southern pertion of it, should
adopt every means of keeping an important portion ofthe navy
in the South. It was there, in the event ofa war, a naval force
would be more peculiarly necessary, and in that portion of the
country was our commerce most vulnerable. It was, therefore,
to be expected that the Southern States would receive from the
justice of the other States such incidental protection as would be
afforded by the employment of a sufficient part of our naval
force on their coast . Without intending to array any sectional
interests on this question, he made these observations under the
belief that their justice would strike the mind of every Se-
nator.
Mr. WILLIAMS urged the importance of speedy action on the
subject, and showed tin  great want ofa dry dock at New York.
There were two ships ofthe line, he said, now lying there which
which were not in a state to be removed to Charlestown or Ports-
mouth, and which could not be repaired till a dry dock vjas con-
structed.                                            ,
Mr. CALHOUN again spoke of the importance of Pensacola
as a naval station, for the protection of the commerce of the
Gulf of Mexico, and called the attention of Western ami South-
western gentlemen to ihe subject, whose constituents were
more immediately interested in it.
Mr. HENDERSON referred to the magnitude of the inte-
rests ofthe South and West that were involved in the protec-
tion of the Gulf. He did not believe, however, that a naval sta-
tion at Pensacola would be a sufficient protection to New Or-
leans or Mobile, and he was not sure that there were not other
sites on the Guli more suitable than Pensacota.   He was, how-
ever, in favor of the appropriation, as the dry dock would not
be constructed, if upon a survey the site should be found to be
unfavorable.
Mr. GRUNDY said he could not vote for the appropriation
for Pensacola, until it was ascertained that the title of the United
Stales to the public grounds there was agood one. He had befen
informed thatan individual there laid claim to these grounds,
and he wished this matter settled before the appropriation was
made. He had no idea of having another Pea Patch affair on
their hands, and would, theiefore, vote against the appropria-
tion.
Mr. CUTHBERT observed that the very objection urged by
the Senator from Tennessee, showed the importance of pur-
suing this matter. It appeared that there were preliminary
steps to be taken betore the work could commence, and yet
these preliminary steps had not been taken. Ample surveys,
he said, ought to have been made before no w, and il the title of
the United States to the grounds they held there was doubtful,
it should ere this have been inquired into. He mads
charges against no one, and reproached no one,
but he must say that this important matter had
been overlooked, fie understood that surveys had been
made, and were before the Executive; but these surveys
ought not to be confined to the harbors of Pensacola; other
sites should be examined, and the most suitable one selected
and improved, until it was fit to receive such ships of the line
as this great nation ought to possess. Conversing with a gen-
tleman who was well informed on the subject, he learned that
there were situations on the gulf where ships of the line of the
laigest class might ride in safely.
Mr. WALKER thought that this subject had been too long
neglected.   Eighteeen months as;o an appropriation was tnadb
by the Legislature of* Mississippi for surveying the coast of the
State at their own expense:  and a report was made by the
agents appointed for that purpose, statins that a particular site
in the Gulf, and within the State of Mississippi, was the most
suitable one on the coast for a naval station, both for dspth of
water, safe harborage, and other advantages.   This report was
communicated to Congress at this session. It was accompanied
by a chart showing the depth of the channel, and yet they
were now told that there were no surveys.   We are now told,
11   said Mr. W. that we are to wait till the surveying squadron em-
!   ployed in the coast survey shall reach this part of the Gulf.
11   lie had inquired of these officers at what period of time they
11   expected to leach the coast of Mississippi; and he learned thatj
|'   with the progress they arfe now making, it will be a quarter ofa
I   cen'ury before they rt ach any of the Southern waters.    He re-
! I   gretted that he was constrained to speak in this manner; but he
thought that the coast of the Gulf had been grossly and impro-
perly neglected—that the surveys ought to have been made un-
der the act of 1836, and that they ought not to be obliged to wait
the progress of the surveying squadron.   He was prepared to
vote for a dry dock at Pensacola, though he believed that it was
not the deepest harbor, and that Ihere was a port in  the neigh-
borlood of it which had a much greater depth of water.   He
was in favor ajso of a dry dock at New  York, as he was of in-
creasing ihe navy.
Mr. WILLIAMS did not believe that the Navy Department
had neglected the duties assigned them, and that the want of
smveyson the Gulf coast was to be attributed to them.
Mr. CALHOUN said that, in order to try the sense of the
Senate, he would offer an amendment appropriating the same
amount for a dry dock at Pensacola as was appropriated for
New York.
The CHAIR said the amendment was not now in order, the
question being on the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama suggested to the Senator from South
Carolina to offer his amendment as an amendment to the amend-
ments of the committee. This course he understood would
be in order. He thought the course of the discussion had suffi-
ciently satisfied every gentleman of the importance of having
a naval station of the first class with dry docks for the repair of
the largest vessels, on the Gulf of Mexico, and that that sea was
so separated as to demand a separate naval force for the de-
fence of the valuable commerce, borne through it. He should
have no objection if any other harbor than Pensacola should be
selected, on proving to be more suitable, though he did not be-
lieve that any other place possessed en many advantages. He
would suggest to the Senator from South Carolina to offer his
amendment as an amendment to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. CALHOUN here then moved to amend the amendment,
byaddmgan appropriation of «95,000 for a dry dock at Pensa-
cola, on the same teims as for that at New York.
Mr. TAPPAN made a few remarks in opposition to the
amendment. He had no doubt but there were forty places on
our coast very well suited for dry docks, and where they would
be very useful if we had a navy as large as that of Great Bri-
tain. But with ourpre^entnavy, he thought that the two we now
had, one a'Norfolk, and the other at Charlestown, were suffi-
cient. If there were ships ofthe line at New York that wanted
repair, and could not betaken to Charlestown, it had been the
result, in his opinion, of bad management. He believed that a
dry dock at New York, was not necessary, and he should, at a
proper time, move to strike out the appropriation.
Mr. CALHOUN repeated his arguments, showing the impor-
tance ofa dry dock at Pensacola, and the great advantages of
that place for a naval station. He should no', be content with
a simply dry dock there. There was alarge maritime frontier
from the Chesapeake to Cape Florida, and anoiherdry dock
would be required for this immense coast. The position which
a navy would occupy there, in the event of a war with the
greatest maritime power of Europe, would be invaluable. It
was the most erposed and vulnerable point in the Union, and
the commerce was the most valuable. He hoped, while they
were drying up the sluices of expenditure, which had been
pouring out hundreds of thousands for nothing, they would
turn their attention to this most important part of national de-
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said he rose to ask the yeas and nays
on the question. He said he had now heard from the Senator
from South Carolina TMr. Calhoun] the very doctrine he (Mr.
S.) had long since been satisfied would ultimately, unless ar-
rested, appropriate every dollar ofthe revenues on ihe sea-
board, in total and entire exclusion ofthe "hole v\ est. ine
Senator has said that, as the Government has now aneeI up 11 e
enormous expenditures which have been heretofore made, it
was the proper time to make a survey ofthe port of Fensaco-
la. with the object of making that a M^h",B"°",oS,0n"!í??f
a 3ry dock and other buildings there. The R P^"¿  now^
after having refused appropriates to the Cumberland wad
