fcOtffcKESSIONAL GLOBE.
tos
Mr. J- «AM. AN D obtained the floor and moved trie previous  I
question; woicMeceived a second.                                             1
Mr. L. WILLIAMS moved that the fcili be recommitted.
Mr. WISE contended that to adopt such a motion was to
loll taa bili, as it coala not be reached duimg the present sea-
«en.
Mr. REYNOLDS insisted on the justice of Congress perform-
ing tucomracts to its soldiers; and he hoped that the motion
m row  urn would not be agreed to, but that ihi bill would be
passed.
Mr. BOND spoke in favor of a recommitment, with a view
to an exi.miua.ion of iha merits of the bill, and when members
miiin be heard upon it.
Mr. WHITE at Kentucky replied to some of th  objections
ef Mr. Bon , and was m lav or of the pasease of die bill.
Mr CKAIG was np.xvsed to recommitment. There wasno
aectssstiv lor it. Let gentlemen Come direct!; up to the ques-
tion, aud vote for or ajawst the bill, as they" might deem it
just or other .vwe.
Peiali' f t!>e question, Cihe morning hour having expired,)
Mr. BRlUGs rmuil lorihe orders of the day.
ARMY APPROPRIAIION BILL.
On motion 01 Mr JONES 01 Virginia, the rules were sus-,
pended, and the House again resolved itself into Committee 0/
the Wnole on the state of the Union, (Mr. EvAKSaof Maine ii
uk chur.) on the bil I makiug appropriations lor «fe suppoi (?'of
üie army for tho year ls-40.                                 J            j
The pendn g ques,ion was on the motion of Mr. JonSs to
amend die bit. by adjing thereto an appropriatisil of *aH>,UOO
for the suppression of Indian hostilities lu Fiond:%.        /
Mr. \V. rnOMPSOX said, at the very c4mme*ement
ef t-'is session, hi had matte a dii.c. ijsue jfiih the
President, who said, in his message to, us, ¿hat the
rMource* of the Government for the mix
■set all the demands of the Treasury. Iff.
teen «aid thai tliey would not, and that, if the
Bonn! of this, he was the only intelligent n
Suns wh) iud «Jt know better.   He had then
toarte* were greatly exaggerated, and the expenditures as
greatly diminished. Will any one new stand up here and say
that the revenues will amount to the Secretary's estimate, ur
that the expenditures called for by the Administration will not
exceed ihtir estimates! Did the Executive know better) He
ought to have know better: he had all the means of imormation
teiore him; and I will prove it, that calls are now made through
the committees for appropriations which it was tlten known
wre necessary.
In my remarks made upon the reading of the annual message,
1 asked, '■ why is there uo estimate lor the prosecution of the
Florida war!   Is that war to be abandoned, and the country
surrendered to the Indians.   If not, why have we  no estimalts
for that war!"   We are told by the chairman of the Committee
ol Ways an • Means, that the Secretary ol War ihen confidently
anticipated that the war would be ended by the middle of the
summer.   Now, sir, I say, on my own responsibility, that the
Secretary anticipated no such thing, and ( will prove it.   In the
report   of   the   Secretary  in   which  this  estimate  should
tuve been,  and  where  we are  told  it would have been,
hut fot this expectation of ihe Secretary, he enumenvesHhe
aeans by which he hopes to terminate this war.   First, the
aimed occupation bill.    Will any one have the boldness to say
that he expected any practical results tromthismeasure(ncither
then or now passe l into a law) by the middle of summer?
The  seconl, the raising   of an additional regiment for that
particuiai service.   Such a force could not have been raised
*nd drilled as ihe Secretary proposes, by the time stated.   But
there is anoUier fart, which places the miuer beyond dispute.
At one of the ver/ first m^tiugs of thi Military Committee, the
Secretary sent a proposition to raise this regiment, that it might
be recruited and dril led in the summer, and take the field early
in th: fall.   Now, sir, I ask, if''.: s war ,vas so confidently ex-
pected to end by iti3 mUdieo: the summer, why was thi laisiitg
ef this regiment proposed?   If the war was to end. there waB
no earthly pretext foi t.iis increase of the army.   L the war was
not Closed, there was no excuse for not including it in the esti-
mates. No, sir. u was ihen as well known as it is now, that such
to appropriation   would  be necessary; but as these annual
ducutneuu are read  with   the  utmost   avidity,  this lalse
ind fraudulent showing is made for popular effect, that the
people in ly read the statement that the revenues wdl meet the
wants ol the Government; and now, at the close of the session,
ttiey come sneaking i,, and asking appropriations which they
iiwjya knew would be wanting, and now have not the candor
loasS half as much as will be required, if that war is  to be
prosecuted at all.   For the last two years it has not been a war;
just enough force to goad and irritate the Indians, but to do no
tar hly gooJ.   Mr. T. would not be understood as passing any
ten*ure~tip.>-i the brave and distinguished men. many oi them
«to bad served in those most arduous campaigns, and passed
ihi h eulogmm upon ttiem.   The difiicult.es winch they had
to encounter at first, from the nature of an  unknown and
comparatively   unexplored   country,  were  insurmountable;
most   of   uese    diriiculies    had    now    been    removed.
Tiie  fault    was    witii     the   Administration,    which    fur
near    three    yean,     has    allowed    that    war    to   lan-
guish without providing any adequate means of prosecut-
ing it.  We have bttjeny realized the truth of the remark, that
the gidlest oi calamities is a little war.   It should be termi-
nated at all hazaids and costs.   It is due to the Sou'li—to the
honor of tne country—to the people of Florida—to the cause of
humanity.   Let us no longer falter with this  the most impor-
tant matter now before us.   My objection to the proiKwiuon is,
that not half enough is asked.   Why did the Secretary hereto-
fore tat six hu.idred thousand dollars, and now only three hun-
dred thauiaiiii dollars?   Did he theu ask twice as much as was
secessary, i.r Joes he now only ask for hiir as much as is neces-
sary?   O k or the other—he may choose between them.   But
ins said that it is because there is three hundred thousand dol-   ¡
larn uuexjiended of former appr ipriatious.   This was the case   i
at the p nod of the application for tlie larger sum.   D.d not the
Secretary friow i.?   He ought to have known it.   But this ap-
propriation is as well <o prosecute ¡he war as u> pay arrearages.
Way .re there an  arrearages, when there is a surplus on hand 
Itk another instance of blondering ignorance, of intentional de-
ception?   When we consider tliat the seat of war is a territory
almost as large as Virginia, with a population not larger than a
single county of  Maryland, with swamps,  hammocks, and
everglades of interminable extent, abounding with game and
fiihofalleoru, supplying them with a commissariat, always
at karri, and absolutely inexhaustible, with an immense and
unguarded seacoast through which they are supplied with am
I
would
T.) hud
> g-
the United
Cid that the re-
munition, and every thing else they may need—the v. ry best
country on the fice ot the earth lor'the "tuccceslul piacuceof
the tactics of ludían warlar , and at least a trioui.ar.ii ul the most
dangerous truops lor such war—I know tltey have b< en esti-
mated at less,but thereateabout that maii)--il we look toad
these things, we will have some adtriuate ptreeption ol the
means necessary to end that war, and ot the tol'y and imbeci-
lity that has been paltering with it by such means as hare been
used for die last three ) ears.
T.ie whole of the regular army that can by any possibility be
thrown there, should be immediately tent. At least ten thou-
sand volunteers should be called out, and rewaids, large le-
wards. offered to those not engaged in the n.iluary set vice, for
cjptive winner, and children, and lor warrors, alive orcKad.
Doitiis.aud b'ockadetiie whole coast tmciently,atid by vigorous
concerted and concentrated movements, the war will be end-
ed in three months. It you do not tako some such efficient
course abandon the wai; say to the people o! Florida that tlieir
Government cannot, will not protect them, and let them got-lse-
where. If there were twenty thousand instead of one iliou'nud
warriors, the difficulties would he less; the difficulty is in find-
ing, not in whipping them, and the smaller thur number, of
course the greater their powei of concealment
Mr. T. had a very few words to say, on the bill proposing to
raise an additional corps of 1 &nu men lor tliis particular ser-
vice Mr. T. han conversed with many ol the most distinguish-
ed officers who had served in Florida, and without an exception
they all approved the measure. Tins «as high aut'nori y with
him. He would not lighily reject a measure which was backed
by such authority. It is contemplated to raise three battalions
of 500 men each, to serve duriug the war ; to be drilled durirg
the summer, not in tne regular tacti s, but in a system suited to
that service. Tnis is precisely what was done by General
i Wayne previous to his Northwestern campion, which ended
with the successful battle of the Miama. It is proposed to in-
duce suitable men to enlist in this service by an additional boun-
ty ef 160 acres of land or on  hundred dollars in money. The
troops will be recruited, trained, and armed with a view
to this particular service, and ii believe with the
energy and rivalry of the respective battalions, it
will do much good as an auxiliary—a sort of guerilla
force. Ol itself. I should not expect thai it could terminate the
war. The bounty will be the only additional expense, for the
corps is tobe ifficered from the officers of ihe regular army
now in commission, so ihat there are to be no additional officers,
and our army is not lull as to privates by about 4.000, and 1 shall
offer an amendment to the bid that the anny is in no case to
exceed its present complement, so that in point of fact it is no
addition in numbers or expense to the present oiganization.
Mr. Bit IDLE said he was willing to go as far as any man in
makine appropriations necessary to maintain the honor of the
country; but he had been so often deceived and cheated in
yieldini to importunóles, and lothrea's, too that he would not
fo blindly intoany furthci appropriations. He must first see
is way clear—he must have some guarantee that the confu-
sion and absurdity, and want of intellect which had character-
ized the management of this war up to the present time weie
about to disappear. Asyet,he regretted to say, the House had
no reason to believe that such would be the cose.
Mr. B then addressed the committee for nearly two hours on
the general policy of this war, ant the abuses which liad mark-
e 1 its management, and concluded by adverting briefly to the
"grossand brutal" attacks which had been ma. e upon himself
in the "Globe" newspaper, simply btcauso, as a member of
the House, he had asked for light and information.
Mr. TWIST followed in a review of the extravagant and
wasteful expenditures which had attended the Florida war, and
was still on the floor, wh n the Chair having announced the
hour of half past two o'clock—
The House took a recess lint ¡1 4 o'clock.
EVENING riE~S!OX.
Mr. HUNT of New York resumed and rendu 'ed the speech
he had begun in Ihe morning on the subj-ct of the Florida war,
the mannerin which ft hail been contlictod. and the waste
of public money winch had attended every stage of its pro-
gress.
Mr. W. O. BUTLER of Kentucky then took the floor, and in
a strain of eloquence seldom equ Hid in a lesidative hody, and
which rivetted the attention of at I p irlies, proceeded >o vindi-
cate the course of the Administration, a.'d to lepel the asper-
sions attempted to be cast upon it by the two prectuing
speakers
Mr. B. alluded a'some lentnh to the conr=e pureed by the
l?te Presiden' Jackson In relation m the Iiidi.m--, and <!cr ied with
much warmth that the object of that sreat man, in removing
them beyond the Mississippi, was for their ultini  e d< st ucthn.
He asked what man there was in the least rnnverant with the
Indian character, who did not know that remnriug the"!
into the wilderness, where thev could n\im amidst the wild
beauty and "rrandeurof nature was the only means of preseiv-
ing them? The na'ure and habits «t the Indian and white man
were so totally different, that noihinscould assimilate them toge.
ther. The course pursued,then,by President Jark f>n,wastheohly
couise that could have been pursued. The Indian lived by his
gun and his bow, and his (leütrht was in the chase. Said Mr B.
give him the high mountain, the deep, dark elen, the rushing
billow, and the still calm lake, and you leave untouched all
that is noble in his nature. But take his arms from his hands,
deprive him of his bow and his gun, shut him out from the
solt-mn grandeur of his primeval forests, and the deep thrilling
wild music of nstiire, and you reduce him to drur'eery and
make a slave of him at once. This would not do. Tben, con-
tinued Mr. B. Was it not r ght for President .lackpc.n to remove
them to the wild land, where they could enjoy their own cus-
toms, and live in a state congenial to their nature? There was
no candid mind, he was sure, who would not admt that no bet.
ter course could have been pursued. He had also abundant
tes'imonv to prove that the condition of the Indians had been
eieatly benefited sir.ee their removal bryend tre Mississippi.
" Mr. B. then proceeded to throw some liüht on the motmsof
many of the Opposition in opposing that war. He contended
that, u> the Abolitionists, the Territory of F.orida was a very
important spot. It was of vast importance to them, and thn
on'y theatre in the South where they could carry out their nefa-
farious schemes. He showed (he peculiar adaptability of the
geographical position of Florida for the operations of the fa-
natics. One portion of the Territory, for instance, stretched al-
most to Cuba, a place substantially in possession of a rival
power engaged in the abolition scheme. Yes, Cuba was the fa-
vorite and convenient spot where all these gentry met to concoct
their schemes.
Mr B. also made some allusion'to the common Intel est that
wa--attempting to be cieated by ihe Abomiunistsbstween the
negro and the Indians m Florida, and that consequently the Abo-
lition paity in the House might well show so much solicitude
aoout tbe war.
In order to show that he was not mistaken in tho views he
had taken, Mr. B. caused to he read several extracts from tho
Abolition Almanac and other papers, all tending to show the
true point at which the Abolitionists were aiming in their cen-
sure of the Administration in relation to this war; and that by
their o.>n conii'Fsion, they were prepared to dissolve the Union
if necessary, to orry out their nefarious schemes.
Mr. B. then adverted to the charge made that morning by the
genileniati fr.nn Pennsylvania, v/z: that the Administration
had iliogtaced ihmselvee, by carrying on this war.
Now, it app-ared that it was the plan of the Opposition to se-
lect every year some officer oi the Government for their especial
vengeance. Lust year ihe Secretary ol the Treasury was
siiiftied out as tbe victim, and the "Investigating Committee"
was appointed, who uent to New York, and produced, as the
fruit oi their Ubors, the famous Swanwuut report, ti e great
text book ol tlie party, which was sent through the Union and
quoted from every stump -and horse block in the country.
!>.¡t wh.it had become of ihat wonderful document that was to
effect so much—hat «as to ami liilaiethetiecrutsry ol the Trea-
sury, and bring infamy on the Admin stration? What had be-
come of that gieat text book? Had the character, integrity,
and high standing of the Secretary been affected by it? No; thai
officer nail come out unseatlitd from the seaiching investigation,
and liia enemies had been unable to grainy their vindictive feel-
ings. The great document had, fot a moment, made a ripple, a
bubble in the great political i auldron ot the Opposition, but it
had sitiik, anil was heard of no more.
Having tailed in their attack upon the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, the next object for their vengeance was the Secretaiy of
War. Mr. B. then adverted at some length to the course pur-
sued by the Secretary ol War in relation to the Florida cam-
paign, and defied the Opposition to show where ihnt officer had
been remiss in his duty. Why did they not make specific
charges against inm, so that they could be answered, and not
make general and sweeping denunciations, to which tney knew
uo answer could be mude)
Mr. B. then took a review of the whole subject ef our affaire
in Florida, irom the commencement of the war to the present
time.   He warmly vindicated the conduct of the Government
in furnishing men at.d means, and the valor and conduct ef our
generals and troops, attributing the failure of the campaign to
the nature o the country and the peculiar character of Indian
warfare, to which no tioops were adapted  but such as had
wrested Kentucky from the savage foe that warred upon tho
;i   early sealers of the Wetit.   In the couise of Ins remarks, he
'I   gave a beautiful and glowing sketch of the hardships encoun-
.'   tered by the early settlers of'the West, as they took their way
I'   through the flowery wilderness,and maintained their ground
11   with ihe implement of husbandry in one hand, and the weapon
| i   of war in the other.   He relerred to the maay daDgers they
IÍ  encountered, and the constant trials they underwent, when the
11  prowlmglndian would seek them as they slept amidst the still
!    hour of midnight, with no eye to watch ttiem but the eye of Om-
nipotence.   Such men, he contended, who knew ihe Indian
character, were the only soldiers proper tor conducting the Flo-
riila war.
Mr. B. concluded at about half past seven.
Mr. GRAVES then took the floor, when trie committee rose,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, July 13,1840.
Mr. NORVELL presented a memorial from the citizens of
De'ro t, asking that an appropriation iray be mads by Confreí 
for the puipose ol coiis'roctn.g a railroad from tl.at city to the
Noithen. boundary o Ohio.
Mr. CBITf KNDEN presented a memorial from cltiaeM oí
the District n Columbia, aakintr a recharter of the banks.   The
memorial was ordered to be punted, without the names.
Mr. SMITH ol Connecticut, fronsthe Committee on Revoló..
tisnan Cla ms, reported abill for the relief of the heirs ol Ezra
Chapman, feceased.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce, reported a
bill in addition to an act" concerning pilotage," approved March
-¿J 1*7.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims, made
unfavorable report* upon the claims ot Hiram II. and W. J.
Lnwis.
Also, on the petition of citizens of Jackson cnuniy, Alabama
for ihe pay nient ol claims of Alabama vi lunteers.
Mr. II. a'so, from the same cojimittee, reported a bill autho-
riatng the seitlsmeut and payment of certain claims of the State
ef Alabama.
The following bills, received from the House, were read and
erdered toa second reading:
An act to continue in force the 1st section of an act entitled,
"An act to extend ihe time for locating Virginia military land
warrants, and returning surveys thereon to the General Land
Office," approved July 7,1838.
An act forthorolief of the nwnere of bounty land warrants
granted for military services in the army of the United
States in the late war between the United States and Gteat
Britain.
The joint resolution for the exchange of books and public do-
cuments for foreign publicatiors.
INDIAN PENSIONS.
Mr. LINN, from the. Committee on Indian Affairs, reported
ihe House bill referred to ihem granting pensions to Cherokee
warriers, en;aged the late war with Great Britain, to the same
¡imount respectively as if they were citizens of the United
States. Tliis bill, the Seuate, by consent, proceeded at once
to consider.
Mr. PIERCE remarked that this bill provided for the pay of
these pensions from the time of the disability; whereas it was
a rule of the Seriate, most fully established, to allow pensions
only from the time when the proof ef disabiliiy was presented (o
the Government
Mr. GKTJNDT areued that there was an essential difference
between this ra.-e and that of our own ciweri , Inasmuch as
laws had long been in existence in favor of the latter, «nerea 
there had heretofore been no law providing Pen,!??.Rhiliw^n
Indians, so ihat their notadducing proof of their d«ati""?™  
not their fault, but the fault of the Government in not giving
them an opportunity to do so.
