tu
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PlhRCEsaid heshouhT, notwithstanding:, move to amend
the bill, by requiring the pensi ps to commence from the time of
the treaty, (1835,) and if the Senate should negative that propo-
rtion, he bhould regarl it as an instruction, in etitct, to \ary
from the rule beiealter m other cases Thete were many ex-
amplesof very greathaidship, u^er this rule, in case ot our
own citizens, one ol which Mr. P. stated was that of a Captain,
who pertormejl important services at Baltimore,and was twice
■hot down. Particular ciru'mstprcs had prevented hirn from
making out his proof till 1837. He was 10 , poo\ -ni c'.sab'ed,
and the committee b) the rule « i question were -otrp^I ed to
allow him a pension onlv sut-sequia' to 18 7. Mr P therefore
moved that the pension to these (Jner jkees be pdid only after the
timeof the (reaty, (1835)
Mr. LINN ins"isied on the argument used by Mr. Grundy in
javor of the bill, aid added that ne thought the case ol the
Cnerokees a m«st memoriona one, inasmuch as, though they
were aliens to our people, and w it'.i the rjcoMection of si' pposed
injuries, they had fougtu the battles of our people, they ¡eight
for us, notwithstanding their prejudices against us as a people.
Mr. BUCHANAN signitied his coo u-rence in the v ews of
the Senator from New Hampshire, Lx i Piekce ] He tnought
it right that the pensions should go back to ihe tune of the trea-
ty, but not beyond, unless the Senate meant to abandon the rule
on this point, to which they had heretofore adhered. And v. "ml
not these Indians have as much as they could squander if tney
received at one time a five years' pension?
Mr. LUMPKIN asked the Senator from Pennsylvania to
field the floor for a moment; and Mr. B. having done so, Mr L.
read from the treaty a provision that the pensions should com-
mence ''f'omthe time of the disability."
Mr BÜCHAlí AN said it would require a very strong argu-
mtiitto go against the explicit languid* of the treaty.
Tne bill, as it was, was ordered to a third reading.
DISTRICT BANKS.
The bill to charter certain banks in the District of Columbia
was taken up, and the amendments proposed by Mr. Allbn to
the amendments of the committee were discussed at length, and
adopted.
The question then coming up to agree to the amendment as
amended,it was lost.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama then offered some amendments to the
kill as it came from the House; pending which,
The senate adjourned
fíOtrSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 13, 1840
After the journal had been read,
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolu'ion:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary, to which
was referred the case oi Lieutenant Hooe, be required to report
forthwith to this House who are Legal witnesses under the ex-
isting laws, before courts martial in ti e navy of the United
States} and further to repo-t who shall hereafter be examined as
witnesses in mils before s"ui courts.
Mr. MITCHELL objec.e     vhereun
Mr. CHAPMAN moieu a suspension of the rules, and de-
manded the yeas and nays He was determined to press the
matter home now it was begun, and was determined to bring
otheT gentlemen up to the "bullring."
tMr. C. here had reference to the language of Mr. Borra,
when that member commenced operations on this unfortunate
subject.]
There being b ¿t a few members present,
Mr. CHAPMAN moved a call of the House, and on that mo
tion demanded the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and be-
ing taken, were—yeas 73, nays 53.
|* So the call was ordered, and the;i oil called, when 171 members
answered to their names
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, all further pioceedings in the
call were then suspended.
The question then recurring on the motion to suspend the
Tilles, for the purpose of submitting the resolution, it was de-
ck e 1 by yeas and nay3, as follows—yeas 100, nays 61:
YEAS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Ather-
ton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Biddle, Blackwell, Boyd,
Aaron V. Brown, Burke, Williim O. Butler, Carr, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Connor, Mark A. Cooper, William R.
Cooper, Crabo, Crary, Cross, Dana, John Davis, John W.
Davis, Dicker-iK, DeHet, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Earl, East-
man, Ely, I i.ie, Fletcher, Floyd, Galbranh, James Garland,
Goggin, Graham, Grifii , Hammond, Hand, John Hastings,
Hawkins, Hill of Virginia, hill of North Carolina, Hillen,
Hook, Hopkins, Jackson, Jameson, Jenifer, Joseph Johnson,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W Jones, Keim, Kemble,
Kille, King, Leet, Lucas, MrClellan, McKay, Marchand, Medill,
Miller, Montanya, S. W Moi.i«, Newhard, Nisbet, Parrish,
Parmenter, Paynter, Pe.rikin, Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey,
Rayner, Reynolds, Rhett, Ri -es, Robinson, E. Rogers, Ryall,
Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Johr. Smith, Thomas Smith, Stark-
weather, SteenroJ, Strong, Sumpter, Sweanngen, Swney,
Philip F. Thomas, Tiumbu'l, furney, Vanderpoel, Vroom.
David D Wagener, Warren, Watterson, Weller, Wick, Jarea
W. Williams, Henry Williams, L. Williams, and Worthmg-
ton—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Barnard, Bell, Bond, Botts, Briggs, Brockway, Calhoun, Wil
liam B. Campbell, Co iter, Chmn, Chittenden, Clark, James
Cooper, Cranston, Crockett, EJward Davies, Garret Davis,
Edards, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Gates, Gentry, Giddings,
Granger, Graves, Greer, William B Hastings, Hawes, Hunt,
James, Charles Johnston, Kempshall, Lincoln, Marvin, Ma-
son, Naylor,Osborne, Palen, Pope, Pruffit, Randall, Randolph,
Rariden, Ridgway, Russell, Sergeant, Simonton, Stanly, Stuart,
Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplet!,
Peter J. Waener, John White, Thomas W. Williairs, Joseph
L. WilliamsrChnstopherH. Williams, and Wise—61.
So, there not being two thirds, the rules were not suspended.
On motion of Mr.  IONES of Virginia, the rules were then
suspended, and the House resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole (Mr. Evans in the chair) on the
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question pending was the amendment of Mr Jones, ap-
propriating $300,000 for the suppression of Indian hostilities In
Florida.                                        .   „           ,               ,      _
Mr. GRAVES, being entitled to the floor, spoke at some length
in opposition to the policy of the Administration m relation to
the war. but was inclined to t£mk he should vote for the appro-
priation, and hold the Adminig^ation responsible for the use
of it.
asked to be discharged trom the furth r
Also, the
e bill was
ry Affairs,
lerationof "the
memorial of Gen Edmund P GaineflJ proposing a system of
national defence, and praying its adopt jn bj C< ngress " And
also from "the memorial of the militar  cojjTvention, holden at
Neiwich, Vermont, praying for the retij#n and alteration of
the system of military defences of theUulsfd States "
Mr. P. satd the inquiry had been repeatedly made, "What are
the views of the committee upon this subject!" and before the
question was taken upon the motion just submitted, he would
briefly respond to that interrogatory, presuming, however, to
speak for no member but himself.
The present session, it was well known, had, for several rea-
sons, not been a season propitious for the discussion and adop-
tion of any improvements in the plan of our national defences.
This had been sufficiently manifested by the character of the
debate that took place some days since upon one branch of the
Mr. DOWNING of Florida obtained the floor and spoke till
the hour of recess, without concluding, in a criti'-'sm of the
manner in which the Tlonda war had been conducted.
EVENING SEaSiON.
After the recess,
The consideration of the Army Appropriation bill was re-
sumed in Commit ee of the Whole, Mr Evans in the chair
The question pending was on the amendment ol Mr. Jones,
appropriating 8300,OOil for the suppression ol Indian hostilities
in Flonla
Mr. DOWNING of Tlorida resumed his remarks, and en'ered
into a full discussion oi the manner in which thot war has been
conducted. He comended that on the srstem hitherto pursued,
the war would never be en leu, as the Indians, in their fastnesses,
would dely the nnest tieops that could be biought against them.
He maintained that n, after a battle had been fought, the In-
di<tr s had been followed up,the campaign would have tei m nated
su< cessfully long ago. It appealed to him, however, that an
In a an battle was like the small pox, for one trial was always
enough In the course of hie remarks, Mi D exonerated the
War Department from all blame, in relation to the blood
hounds He said it was solely a Territorial measure, with which
Government had nothing to do.   And so incensed were the pec-
Í)l  of Florida against the murderous savages, that he veuly be-
leved if the Pnnte of Darkness himself should offev his ser-
vices as an ally, they would accept him.
Mr. D. censured the President for not calling for adequate
t means to prosecute the war, and contended that, with a pioper
number of men, the war might be brought to a close n a single
i campaign.   He complained that no more than 8300,000 was
, asked for by the Government, as by such scanty means the
war might be continued, but could never be brought to a elose.
The people of Florida were tired of the carrying on of the war.
Tbey wished to see it cldsed    He spoke of the cruelties which
had been practised upon the people of Florida by the regular
array.
Mr. MONROE followed, and with much warm'h vindicated
the conduct of the brave officers who had served in that war.
and particularly General Scott, from the attack of Mr Down-
ing He contended that they had done all that it was po&siule
for men to do under similar circumstances, and that prope> al-
lowance had not been made for the many obstacles with which
thev had to contend.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then took the floor, and gave his views as
to the plan which ought to be pursued in order to bring the war
to a successful termination. He was in favor of establishing a |
chain of log huts throughout the who e territory, at suitable dis-
tances, and connecting with each other. He went on to show
that this system might be earned out at much less expense than
would be imagined, and that the concurrent testimony ol all
who were capable of judging was in favor of such a plan. He
alluded to several instances Where ten or twenty men, sheltered
in one of these huts, had successfully defended themselves
against many hundreds of the enemy.
Mr. U. then went into a defence of General Jessup against
the attack made upon him by Mr   Biddle, in relation to the
manner in which he had conducted the war.   That officer, Mr.
U said, had received more wounds, and shed more blood, in de-
fence of his country, than any man engaged in the last war,
against the Indians and the British.    He spoke of the many
battles in which he had bled; you could not now shake him by
the hand, unless by taking hold of a shattered limb.   He spoke
of the manner in which he had superseded General Scott in the
management of the Flonda war, and said it was not by his own
seeking; and was not sent there until after Scott had been re-
tailed as unworthy of command.
Mr STANLY next took the floor, and on his motion,
The committee rose, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, July 14,1S40.                                i
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate a letter    i
from the Secretary of the Treasury, covering a report of the su-     '
penntendent of standard weights and measures; which was or-
dered to be printed.                                                                    , ¡
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial of a committee ap-   11
pointed by the Boaid of Aldermen and Board of Common
Council of the city of Washington, remonstrating against the    j
passage of a bill pending before the Senate "to amend and con-
tinue in force the act to incorporate the inhabitants of the city    I
of Washington;" which was read and ordered tobe printed.        ,i
Mr NORVELL said he would take the liberty of noticing one
mistake—indeed he might say gross error—in the memorial.
The bill reported by the select com mittee w^s com píete in itself,
and contained all the powers which it rraa contemplated to
grant, and made no reference to any other law, except for the
purpose of repealing them. There were other errors in the me-
morial, both of fact and principle, which he would not at present
notice, from a desire to avoid a debate at this stage of the pro-
ceeding.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs was discharged from the umsideiation of the petitions of
Thomas Goin, of Timothy Winn, of Polly Clough, and of .John
Judge.                                                                          r
Mr. W also, from the same committee, made adverse "reports
on the bill to rejulate the pay of masters of ihe navy. /
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Financejfreported
a bill for the relief of the Mobile and New Or lea* railroad
companies,  including that of West Feliciana, (a/particular
bill for which was therefore indefinitely postpone '
Grand Gulf Railroad and Banning Company,
read and ordered to a second reading.
DEFENCES OF THE C HINT!
Mr. PIERCE, in behalf of the Comm
general question—the reorganization and di-.cip.ine of the mih
tia But, although the committee had not deemed it expedient
3t this u,ne to present a report, it had been ue'erred froin mi
want of a' e'eee conviction of us importance He would reioie 
It the public nunñ* co-l'd be effectually directed to he subiect-
and he hoped that he migiu at leas' oe abie 'o call the attention
Of Senators to the memótials, Wh ch <dLhu'j£h parts of each
would doubtless be regarded as extravagant; commed, never-
theie&e, practical vic-ví an I suggestions well worthy of ceroid 
ration in connection with the very imporiant measures of which
they respectively treated—measures, he would take occ-
sion to remark, that had been Jiscuobed with great ability
in the report of a board of officers, co^niun.eated
to the Senate ly the President, in Arri 'ast He
hopee1 the subject would be taken up ataniar'v day in the
next sess.on, a-d be so deliberately and dennitivtlv ■"-ted upon
as togive to our mode and means of ('efinre, e'^ciency, uní'
formity, and the advantage of a setter" «ftem We could now
do it with the litht of enlarged experience, and t^e benefit of
many experiments made at the expense of o'liers In thisag^
of progress, and m this land of invention, and almost boundless
resources, we were not the people to stand still We had not
stood s'ill B'it while ndividual and private enteipnse had
kept pace, in all the vanous pursuits of life, with the best im-
provements of the day, it must be admitted, con idenng our po-
sition upon the globe—the immense extent of our maritime
fiontier—ihe mode in which we must be assailed, if ever sue
ce«sfully assailed, b) a foreign foe—the easy access to our most
commanding harbors—the vast importance and exposed Cub-
diiioo of our great commercial cities, especially since the suc-
cessful application of steam power to octau navigation—that
we had been singularly regardless of the advances and lrr
provements which, in other countries, especially in France and
Eueland, had, within the last few years, materially changed,
and were now rapidly changing the character of defensive and
offbns've operations, both on the land and the sea We should
not shut our eyes to these things. We should not remain un-
mindful of changes in the art and prac ice of war, exceeded in
importance only by those which followed the discovery of gun-
powder in the four'eenth century
Therewere some things about the military defences of this coun-
try, which might be cons'dered as settled, m relation to which
there could belittle lfanj d'flerence of opinion For instance—
he regarded it as certain, that no large standing anny was ever
tobe maintained here in time of peace, while our free institu-
tions remain unshaken. In this we uiffered entnely from those
nations with whom, from our position and political relations,
we were in the greatest danger of being drawn into collision. It
was equally certain, in his judgment, that stationary fortifica-
tions, in the best condition, wnh abundance of materiel, and well
manned, would prove wholly inadequate to the defence even of
our large commercial cities It must be regarded as not less
clear, that no foreign power could ever embark in the Quixotic
enterprise of conquering this country, unless its Constitution
should be first trair.p'ed in the dust by its own children Such
a project could never be soberly contemplated, he might safely
assert, wh le we were a united people During the Revolution—
in the weakness of oui infancy—the invaders could scarcely
command more territory than they were able immediately
to occupy The possession of any particular place,
howevei important in itself, would be of little
consequence, as bearing upon the ultimate result of a conflict.
We had no great metropolis like Paris, which, in possession ol
one power or another, could control the country. And from the
nature of our institutions, and the extent of our territory, we
never could have. The leading purposes of an enemy, there-
fore, would be,by the celerity and boldness of his movements on
our coast, to keep up a constant alarm; to harass and cut on*
our commerce; to destroy our naval depots and public works;
and i f possible, to lay our great commercial cities under con-
trih' itnorin ashes It was asainst prompt movements and vigo-
rous 3\ertionsf r objects like these, for whichwe should prepare
and provide. Our fortresses were not to invested and made
the objects of long, regular seme, they were not, for reasons to
which he had before adverted, of sufficient consequence in
this country, whatever might be the case in others, possessing
limited territory and different situation. In the nature of things
this would not take place, and it need not bo contemplated in
their construction France and England had, and always must
mamtain,large and well appointed standing armies they were the
the indispensible appendages of regal power and dominion, with-
out which no monarch in Europe could retain his crown a
single year They had not only them, but they had now the means
of planting them upon our shores; nay, of quartering them
in the heart of our cities, before we could set in
order our insufficient, and now deserted fortresses, or call into
the field any affective force organized as our militia at present
was, indeed in some of the States there was no organization
whaieveT, it was wholly disbanded, and men whose thoughts
were never elevated above the contemplation of loss and gain,
were out in the newspapers, with their calculations to show
exact'y how many dollars and cents would be saved annually
by the "disbandment" of this safe and sure auxiliary in our
defence.
Sir, said Mr. P. can any thing be more deplorably character-
istic of -he prevailing spintand passion of theagel
Ii he was right on *hese points, we were not in a condition to
warrant the folding of our arms in security. We were at peace,
but we might be in volved in war, we knew not how soon. 1 his
we did know, that the only sure way to keep it far ofl", was to
provide for its approach.
He was not disposed to give color to any unnecessary alarm,
but he feltb >und to Bay that ihe indications of a speedy and pa-
cifiic termination of the difficulties growing out of the North-
eastern boundary qiestion, which seemed to have strongly mv
pressed other minds, had wholly failed to impart any fresh con-
fidence to his. He feared that they would prove to be sperieus
ri hti Mi-m substantial- He could not help feeling strongly up-
on this subiect of national defences, because he had witnessed
the deep lethargy in which the spirit of ihe nation, easily
roused to every thing else, had seemed to slumber here. With-
in the last five years war clouds had lowered most portentously
upon our horizon, and on one or two occasions seemed ready to
bin-i, and scatter far and wide the calamities of that dreadful
scouige. What was the effect unon the Government and the
country, when, upon a quesuon of money, we were upon the eve
of a war with one of the most powerful and gallant
nations upon the face of the earth. Did we manifest a
willingness to apply our money in preparation for the <jon"l~
No. He would be ashamed to stato, there in his place, the teui
want of any thing like adequate means of defence,   to <-°n-
