536
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
stockholder: Provided, Such bank shall refuse to pay on de-
mand.
«so. 4 Atd be it further enacted. That within ten days af'er
the taking effect of this act, and semi annually thereafter, ihe
said baokss'iall, each lor use If, make out and deliver to the Se
creiary of ihe Treasury, and likewise pub'ish in one ol the
newspaper! paired and ot general circulation in the District of
Columbia, a complete list of the names and places ol íesidem*
of all the utflc-rs and directors ol, an I stockholders in, such
bank for the tun'being, wuh the fml amount of stock then
held in sai I bank by each ol such olliceis, directors, and stock
holder*, «(fixed 10 his m her name, respectively.
Ssc 5. And be it further enacl'd, That no dividend shall
be made anions; the stockholders of any ol those hanks, wmle
they are in a state of suspension; and the president and direc-
tors ol said banks, respectively, shall be individually reapons-ble
in the event ol any deficiency of the assets of either of said
banks, in addition to the capital paid in, tor all the liabilities
which theirseveral institutions may contract, from and after the
passage of this act.
The bill was  ordered to   be primed,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tub-day, July 14,1640.
Mr. CHAPMAN ol Iowa a-ked leave to offer a resolution,
setting apart to-morrow (Wednesday) for the cousideration of
Territorial business—to taks precedence ol all other Mr Ce
■aid that, Irom present appearances, it was not unlikely that the
general apptoptiation bills would be debated till the endol ths
session, or so near it as to preclude the idea of any busmes
which should be transacted by V e House alter the disposition
of those bit's being acted upon by u e f> nale He hoped,
therefore, that the inuoducti n of the resolution wou'd no.
meet with objection. It Was known to every itntlcman that,
if even the appropriation bills were postponed io the last d y,
they mast and wwul I pass He thought ti at out of a session oi
two hundred and thirty-three days ai leas, one day might be
devoted to the transaction olTeriitoritl business.
To keep Delegates here during the who e ot a Ions s ssion,
engaged in the laborious bus ¡less ol piepir.ng mea-uies inr
the action of the House, and then dtny tl em a lew hours lor
their final action, would be wit tout examnlc in the history ol
our legislation. tí¿ny measures lor this Temtoiy hid b en
prepared, at an expense of much time and labor, wriKh would
be a to:al loss io bis constituents, if this House should reluse or
nrgleci to act upon them
Alter re >eated efibris by the Committee on the Territones to
gets day for ihe consideration of Territorial business, he h d
determined to move in the matter himself, and so far succeed d
as to get the dav after tne disposition of the appropriation bilis
But, from recent developments, he grea ly feaied 'hat the last
moment of the session would be u*ed in debating those bills
What is the state of the calendar! Why, the fiist foui bills, he
believed, were yet upon it, not reached in thei,' resutar order.
That being the fact, and judging by the past, we could reasona
bly hope lor but little during ihe few remaining days of this
piotracted session. Whatever may have bean the cause, or
shall be rendered as an excuse for the great moral conflict
which we had witnessed during the present Congress, of neither
of which it was his purpose to speak, it appeared to lum that
the effect upon the public business was of a character revolu-
tionary, and wanted nothing but the forms of war to entitle it to
be recorded as one of its greatest evils.
Should the resolution fail, he would still not despair of seeing
gentlemen pause in the midst of their career, and suffer the
ousiuos of the country to be transacted. II, however, in this
hisju t expectations should be disappointed, lie would be con-
scious of having discharged his duty, ol which it would be his
pleasure to render such an account to his constituents as truth
should justify.
Mr PETRIKIN objected until the appropriation bills were
its msed ef.
Mr. C then moved a suspension of the rule, and asked the
yeas and nays, which were refused.
And the question being taken, the House refused to suspend
the role
Mr. COOPER of Pennst Irania moved a suspension of the
rule, for the purpose of offering the following pijamble and re
solutions; which were read for information-
Whereas the public buildings in the Ci>y of Washington
have been erected at great expense to Gjvtrnment, and ire of
great va'ue, especially as the dep .sttoriesolthe public rerordj;
and whereas, by a late act oí Congress, entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the collection safekeeping, transfer, anil disbursement J
of the public revenue," the Tieasuiy building in the city of
Washington andjhe custom-houses at the various points where
the revenue is collected have been made the depositories ot the
public msney; and whereas the said buildings and their ennttn's
are 1 able to be destroyed by fire or otherwise, as experience
has proved id the recent instances of the destruction ot the Trea-
sury Building, the Patent Office, and the General Post Office,
therefore
Resolved, That the Committee on Expenditures on the Pub-
lic Buildings be directed to it quire lato the expediency ofte
porting a bill to auihonze and require the heads of the seveial
Departments to have the said public building , occupied by
them respectively, together with the archives, teenrds, books,
and vouchers contained in the same, as far ai thevilud thereof
can be estimated in money, insured against desiri cion by fire
or otherwise, to the full amount of their value; provided the
same can be done.
Resolved, That if the said committee should deem it expedi-
ent to report a bill foi such purpose, the Secretary of the Trea
stiry be authorized and required to hive the custom houses in
Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, t gether with
their contents, including books records, and vouch  rs. as far
as the value thereof can be estimited in money, injured to the
full amount of thptr value, provided the same can be done, and
that ths insunnce on the said public buildings and custom-
houses be effected on or before the first day of November, 1S40
And, the question having been taken, the House refused to
suspend the rule.
Mr HOFFMAN, by leave, presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of New York, and memorial of the
Board of Trade of New York, against the passage of the bill '
now pending before Congress to insure the more faithful exe- ,
cation of the laws relating to the collection of duties on ím- |
part ; which ««moríais were referred to the Committee on ¡
Jfwgftctyre*.                                                                            ¡
THE CASE OF LIEUTENANT HOOE.
Mr. CH\P\JANot Alabama asked the general consent of
the House tooffei a resolution, winch was read for information
as K Hows
Resolro! That the Judiciary Committee, having charge • f
the case ol Lieu' Hone, do innhwi h report a bill tothisHou*e,
prohibiting ihe enlis'inent ot negror* or colored persons m ".he
seiviceoi Hie navy or army ol theUnited States.
Mr Sl'VNLY wis tin lei*inod to say that ihe committee bid
not time log ve the suhiect idealisation, that it was physically
imtio sihle to m iK > a leporl, a id therefore objected
Mr Cll\P\IV\ot VUba-nn moved asuspensionof the ruler,
an I o.itha' mo'ion demanded the jeas and naye, which were
ordered.
Mr HOTTS moved n call of the Houce
Mr TU.IVHSRKO demanded the yeas and lays on that
motion, which weieot Itred
Mi 6 TA.M.Y asked if it was in order now to move to be ex-
cused fiom v Ming, and to give his reasons
'1 he SPF.AKt K said it wv m order to make the motion, and
thai it Would ndmit of united d bu*e
Mr STVNLV sud he would keep within the limit, and
that if he felt himsell going beyond it, he wou d endeator to
ston
He (Mr S ) would vVe i<ramst a call of the House, because it
was physically impo~«'b'e lor the Committee on the Judiciary
to tike tip thi« business and report on ii this sessnn, and also
becaus  the Presul nt ol the United States and the Secretary
ol the Navy ha 1 full power to remedy these abuses, if they
plea^t if
And ihe q lcstmn on the mntñn for a call of the House being
then liken    he v > e ¡.too I—vsos29, nays 112
titile i t', •■ i* net ord  ri d
And the q itsit o reciming on the motion to suspend the
iu'e,
Mr RRIGCH moved to lay that motion on the table
Mr HIV  i-iisedtticyeia ami na s; wh ch were ordered
NT i   BRIOGS then witml-ew the motion to lay on the table.
The qoes i u again recurred on the motion to suspend the
rti I<«,   he n
Mr STVNLY a«',eil tu beex> u<ied from vntinz, became the
Jtinciaiyt nominee 1 ad not u e, at this period o the session,
to , x uni e an ! O't late any I 'v on anv *uh|ect; because the
Piesid nt a 1 ScCietarv ol tne iVavvhid already full power
and luth irity to ex Mude neuroes from ihe service—and io ex-
i lude tlu m liom eivmff te^ttmo"y again" white men , nd to
set aside the proceeding* of cotuts nv.mal if they saw any
thine requiring their interference; and b"ctu*e he (Mr S.)cnuld
not consent that the invy should be deprived of the serv ce* of
nearoes as c +«ks, steward*, and servant*; for there is no neces
si ) they shou d be wi'nes* s, and because to enact such a law
as the gentleman Irom Aiaba-i a pioposes would in effect, make
white men ne=ioes, In impo*tng on them the necessity of di*-
chaie'Mrdu'ie* her>-tof< to discharged b\ negrees
Mr DROMGOOl.C •s'ced ihe veas and nays on the quesMon
of excusina Mr Stanl\, wh rh were ordered, and, being
tdk°n were—yeas 18, mys 133, a* follows
Y'EAS—Messrs J >hn W Allen, Bond. Bolts, Clark, Ed-
wards, Hook, Cave Johnson, Lincoln, McCarty. Mallorv,Par-
menter, Simonton, Tillmghast Underwood Peter J Wagner,
Edwaid 1) White, T. W. Williams, and Christopher H. Wi!-
liams—18
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Juc'son Al'en, Hugh J. Andersor,
Andrews, Banks, Barnard, Beatty, Betrne, Bell, Blackwell,
Bovd, Brieüs Aaron V. Brown, Albert G Brown, Bnrke,
S II Boiler. Calhoun, Carr, Carroll Casev, Chapman, Chinn,
Clifford, Connor. J Cooper, M A Co per, Crug, Crans'ol,
Cross. Cuitts, t'uslung, Uana, Elwanl Davies, John Divis,
John W Davis, IVnnis, Dellet, Doan, Dromeoole. Eir!, East-
man E'y, Evans, Everett, Fisher Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance,
Gi'braitli, Gentry, Giddingo, Gogjm Graham, Granser,
Green, Onffin Ha nmond Hmd John Hasting*,Hawes, Haw-
kins, Hill of Viisiiiii, Hill of North Carolina, ilil'en, H<ff
m n, Hupkiii*, Hubbard Jic'tson James, J meson, ¡N Jones,
John W Jones Keim, Kemble, Ktile. Leet, Lucas, McClellan,
McCulloch, McKav, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Monroe, Mnn-
tanya, Morgan, Samutl W. Morns, Newhard, Nisbef, Osle,
Parnsh, Paynter, Petnkin, Pope, Pientiss, Proffit, Ramsey,
Rmlen, Rayner, U ynold?, Rhett, Ridiway, Rives, Edward
R-g-rs, Jamts Kojrers, Rus-ell, Ryall, Samuels, Shepart',
Thomis •í-ni'h.S e nrod, Strong Stuart Sumter, Sweanngei ,
Sweney, Taita', rro T ylor,F Thomas, Philip F. Thorr.p*, W.
Thomos in, Jacob 1 horn ison, Toland, Turn°y, Vanderpoel,
Vroom, Warren, Wa'ierson, Wick, Ji^ed W Williams,Lewis
Williams, J 1/ Williams and VVorthington—132
So Mr Stanly was not excu«ed
Mr S then =aid he hoped his leasons might be entered on
the Journal He shou'd vo e he said, against the suspension,
and he hoped hat no Southern man would vote for such a pro-
position
Mr DROMGOOLE said the rules prescribed tha  a member
should si\e i ouef verbil statement, and It would be a violition
oi the rule lorge ulemen to be pe mitte 1 to ente, their reasons
at laree on th<" lournal     He prot--*ted aannst it
Mr"BO TTS ask^d to be excused liom voting on the proposi-
tion of the guiileman frjm Alabama, and assigned as reasons
therefor—
1 t 'lhit a hill to prevent the enlistmen' of negroes in the
navy of tli'United Sates did not remedy the evil complained
of, nor had it any reference to the question ol the admissibility
of negroes as witnesses ujpon the tnal of officers of the navy;
and
2d. He had obj'ected in the first instance to the reference of
this suoject to the Jiid ciarv Comm'ttee, and did not now desire
a report fiom them upon this question—he wished it to go to a
select committee; and gentle en would perceive his reason for
that ohjettion io be well founded, when he communicated the
fa -t that every member of the committee either belonged to the
A lmmi'-tration paity or was the Representative of a free State.
What <-ou!d be expected from theml He wanted no report
Iromacommutee thus constituted that would ooerate as a white-
washing report. The conduct of the President could not be
extenuated or excuse '; and he wanted the South fairly repre-
sented by any coinaiittee to whom the subject might be given in
charge
After assignirg these reasons, Mr B. withdrew his proposi-
tion to bo excuses as he only wanted to place hisreapons befoie
the House foi thus íesisting the effoits that had been made to
procute a report.
Mr. ST4.NLY rose, and interrupted Mr. B. and stated that he
wa* a member of the Judiciary Committee; find was understood
i
to say that «he mterestsof the South were safe in the hands nf
that committee                                                                             UI
Mr PROFFIT asked to be excused from voting, and give as
a reason.thatthereso ution, for the introduction of which a mo!
tion is nwle to suspend the rule was, in his opinion, an eva
sum, a palpablo and shuffling evasion, of toa tiuc uestiori
at issue between the people of the United States ai.d the Pre-
dent, on the fact of the President ol the United ot* es hav.
ing, in his official tapacity, sanction d and appioved of the
admission of the testimony of negates in the mal of L'eut
Hooe, ol the United ¡states Navy Mr P sa d he was op'
posed, unqualifiedly opposed, to the aumi-siou ol thetestimo-
ny oi colored pi rsons agauvt w hite men He approved iu||y
of the liws of the átate cl Indiana, which prov ded that no
negro, ormtuatto or Indian, oi even the quarter bloud, should
be admitted as evidence .gainst white peisons He c«nai-
dideied t'te conduct of the Prtsldtnt in the case of L'eut IIoos
as an insult not lobe pardoned hy any Southern man, and a
diit-ct attack upon the institutions ol the South He conei.
deied the resjlution requiring the committee to repoita bill
to ptevent th'" enlistment af c dored people lnio the service of
the aim) anil nav> ol i he Uniti dilates <s evasive of the ques-
tion ol ecidtiice andoV) calcuhud to place tehite imn m
the si nations now occupied by colored persons as cooks,
stetfirds,seivnn's «fee     Mr  P said that the President ol ths
United states nad d'sgiaced------[here some person called to or
tier ] Mr V. said he would not tratisgrets the ru'e, but h
wis ed that an opportuni'v would occur m which lie could ex
pre«s his detestation o I the President's approval oí thepioceea
inga ol the trial aduded to
And the question being taken, the House refused to excuts
Mr   PKOrFI".
And tne motion to lay on the table the mot on to suspend the
rule having been withdrawn, the question recuiml, and wa
taken, on the motion to suspend the rule, and was decided ¡u
the negittve—yeas 107, nays 73, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Alford, Judson Mien, Hugh J Anderson,
Atherton, Ban^s, Beatly, Beirne, BUckwrll, B>>d, Albert O.
Brown. Burke, Sampson H Butler, Carr, Catroli, Casey. Chap-
nun, CliffmJ, C'Je-  Connor, Maik A Cooper, William R,
Cooper Crabb, Ciaij Clary, C oss, Dana, .1 Davis J W Da-
vis, Daws in, Deieii), Dikir*on, Dellet, Doan, D>enignole,
Eastman, Ely, F tie, Fti-hrr, 1 ormnre Galbiaith, J.mes Gar-
lan I, Giggin, Granim, Gtiffin Hammond, Hand, Jno Hast-
lilis Hawkins, Hill ol Vii-inia, 11 II of N mh Carolina, Hillen,
Hopkins Hubbaiil, Jackson, J imesun Jeittler, loceph John-
son Cave Johnson, Nit han lei Jo íes, John W Jotes, Keirn,
Kille, Lect, Luras. VlePlellan, Mclullmh, McKay, Mallorv,
Marchand, Mt-dill, Miller, Montanya, Samuel W Moiria, N<Av-
haid, Nisln t, Parnsh, Parmenter, Paymei, Petnkin, Pickens,
Ramsey Reynold*, Rhett, Rives, James Rogers, Ryall, fea-
mnels, Shaw, Shepard, Thomas Smith, Siarkwea her, Ste*-.
rod, Strontf,Sumpter, Sweanngen, Sweney, F. Thoma*, P F.
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vamlcrpoel, Vroom.Da-
vul D Wagener, Watt rson, Wick, Jared W. Williams,
Henrv Williams, and Worthmgton—107".
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Barnard, Bell, Bond, Botts, Brtggs, Brock way, Calhoun, W B
Camp ell, Carter, Chinn, Chittenden, Clark, James Cooper,
Cranston, Crockett, Davies, Garret Davis, Dennis, Earl, Ed-
wards, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Gates, Gentry, Giddings,
Granger, Graves, W S Hastings, Hawes, Hot!man, Hunt,
James, Kempshall, Lincoln, McCarty, Marvin, Mason, Mor-
gan, Naylor, Ogle, 0-<b >rne, Palen, Pope, Proffit, Randall,
Randolph, Randen, Rayner, Ridgwajr, Edward Rogers, Rus-
sell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Simonton, Stanly, Stuart, Talia-
ferro, Tillmghast, Toland, Triplett, Underwood, Peter J.
Wagner, E D White, Thns W. Williams, Lewis Williams,
Joseph L Williams, Christopher H Williams, and Wise—73
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the rules were
not suspended
Mr. BR1GG3 moved a suspension of the rule for the put-
{lose of going into Committee of the \\ hole on the state of th«
Jinon, to resume the considera ion of the Army A| propriaiion
bill
Mr. MONROE apiealcd to Mr B to waive the motion for a
moment, to enable him to offer a r-solution.
Mr PROFFIT made a similar request foranother purpose,
Mr. BRIGG9 declined.                                ,■
ARMY APPROPRIATION JILL.                        /
The rule having been uuspinded, the House resolved itself ■
into Committee ot the Whoí on thesjateof the Union (Mr.
Evans of Maine in the chair; on the Sill making appropria
tmnsforthesuppoit of the a,t ly for the* year 1810, the pending
question being on the motion o Mr JOnls to amend the bill by
insei tinman appropria ion of tl leehtrm'red thousand dollars for
the suppression of Indian host ,'ities/ln Flor.da.
Mr. KEMBLE said that heHid/ot rise at this late period of
the session to discuss the morits^of the bill, but to disavow a
statement made by the chairmaVbf the Committee on Military
Affaii*[Mr. W. Thompson] on Saturday last, when discussing
the bill to raise 15130 men lor the Florida war, as derogatory
to the committee ol which he [Mr K] had the honor tobe a
member, and injurious to the character of the Secretary of
War. The chairman stated in substance that the Secretary of
War had written a letter to the committee askins fjr 1000 men,
while he had indirectly applied through the members for 1600.
This was certainly ii.conect, so far as it regarded himself, and so
palpably so, that his honorab'e friend and colleague from New
York, also a member of the committee, too little versed in the
party pnlucsof the House, and too hono able to subject any
man to unjust ascucation had disavowed it at the time, whicC
he should himself have done coujd he have got the floor
Mr W •lHOMPSONsaidthatherspeatedtothefullestexter
what h  had said on ¡Saturday, a«d was in every way responsi
ble for it. The Secretary of War had made a communication
to the committee, (not in the regular way, through the House t 
the committee ) asking for an additional regular force of *
thousand men, when he believed fifteen hundred men would be
more desirable, and that this opinion of the St cretai y was com-
municated to the committee by the member to whom he hail
expressed himself. This is what I said, and I should like to
hear it denied.
Mr MONR9E said that he believed he could explain the
matter in such a way that it would be satisfactory to both the
gentleman from New York and the gentleman from South Ca-
rolina
A proposition from the Secretary of War was under conside-
ration by the Military Committee, proposing to raise a force°f
a thousand men for lis war in Florida,  be armed andequippj"
in a certain way, prowled for ja (be bill before the Bo   -  * 
