CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
í6th Cowg--------1st Sess.
TUKSDAY, JULY 21. 1840.
Volume 8.Mn......No. 34.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Ctmtkmtd Jrmm AV. 33.
So, having been ordered to a third reading,
The Wll was read a third time and passed.
On moiiea of Mr. JONES of Virginia, the
rales were suspended, and the House again re-
solved itself uto Committee of the Whole on the
state of the union, (Mr. DaottoooiE in the chair )
Mr. EVANS moved that the committee proceed
to the eoasuterattott of the bill to provide for the
expensvsof making an exploration and sarvej of
the Jiort eastern boundary.
[Mr. E. under leave, said the bill would not oc*
espy five minute .]
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved that the commit-
tee proceed to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the current expenses of the In-
oran Department, and for carrying into effect the
treaty stipulation* with certain Indian tubes.
The question was first taken on the motion of
Mr. Eva , and, by ayes 73, noes 73, it was re-
jected.
The committee then took op the bill commonly
known as the Indian Appropiiation bill; which was
read by seet'ons.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
means [Mr. Jomes] introduced a number of inci-
dental amendments from that committee; which
were agreed to without debate.
Mr. CU3HING moved an amendment appropri-
ating $5,000 tor the purpose of holding treaties
with the Lake and other Northwestern tribes of
Indians to procure the cessation of subsidies an-
nually paid to said Indians.
After some remarks from Messrs. CUSHING
aul VANDERPOEL,
Mr. JONES of Virginia raised the question that
the proposition was not in order—not being to car-
ry oat any existing treaty or law.
The point of order was not pressed; and, the
question being taken, the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. WICK offered an amendment (based, he
said, on an estimate furnished individually to him
by the War Department) appropriating |3,000 to
pay the expense of holding a council with the Mi-
ami tribe of Indians, with a view to the extinction
of the great Miami Reservation in Indiana—the
amount to be expended or not according to the dis-
cretion of the President.
8ome remarks were made by Messrs. WICK,
PROFPIT, RARIDEN, and others, when the
amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES also moved an amendment, to come
in at the end of the bill, appropriating $45,000 to
defray the expenses of removing the Winnebago
Indians from Wiskonsin over the Mississippi, and
for the erection of a gristmill, &c.
This amendment was debated by Messrs.
JONES, EVANS, and BELL, the latter of whom,
at 8 o'clock, not being willing to address the few
members who had not left the hall, moved that the
committee rise; which motion prevailed, and the
committee rose.
Mr. CAMPBELL, the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Elections, asked leave to present the report
of the committee on the New Jersey contested elec-
tion case, with a view oí having it printed.
Moan. PROFPIT, STANLY, BELL, WISE,
and others, objected; an i after several ineffectual
attempts by Mr. CAMPBELL to explain that the
reception of the report would not occupy more
than two minutes, he moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. WISE moved to adjourn; which motion was
negatived—yeas 33, nays 61.
After an ineffectual motion for a call of the
House,
Mr. WISE appealed to the chairman of the
Committee of Elections as lo the propriety of post-
poning the presentation of the report until to-
morrow.
Mr. CAMPBELL replied that he could not con-
sent; and at the same time expressed his surprise at
me opposition to the reception of the report, as in
one-twentieth part of the time wasted on motions to
adjourn, e'e it might have been received and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS then renewed the mo-
tion to adjourn; and it was negatived.
Mr. STANLY moved a call of the House, which
was not ord* red.
The motion to adjourn was then renewed, but
without success.
Mr. WI8E said, as the House persisted in its
refusal to adjourn, he would renew the motion for
a call of the House. ' It was evident that Miss
Fanny Elssler was far more popular with the majo-
rity than the business of the country; and if the call
were ordered, he would suggest that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be directed to go to the theatre, where, no
doubt, the delinquents would be found.
The question on ordering the call was then taken
by tellers, and resulted—ayes 40, noes 46.
So the call was not ordered.
Several members then simultaneously moved an
adjournment, which motion prevailed; and at 9
o'clock,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thttmdat, Jul; 16, IStO.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented resolutions of the
council of the third municipality of the city of New
Orlcan«, against the ex'ension of the limits of the
port of New Orleans, which was laid on the table
and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. LINN, the Committee on
Private Land Claim',
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, the Committee on
Commerce,
On motion by Mr. LUMPKIN, the Committee on
Manufactures,
On motion by Mr. PIERCE, the Committee on
Military Affairs, and
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN; the Committee
on Foreign Relations, were severally discharged
from the further consideration of the various sub-
jects heretofore referred to and not acted on by
said committees.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred, on the 24th December last,
a report from the Secretary of the Treasury, on the
the daily employment «f the persons connected
with the collection of the customs, reported the letter
of the Secretary, and an abstract of the amount of
tonnaje entered in each district, with a request that
they might be printed; which was ordered.
[The report was made in compliance with the
following resolutions, submitted by Mr. Davis,
and passed by the Senate April 19,1833:
Rttolvtd, That the Secretary of ths Treasury be
instructed to cause, for the term of one year, each
officer employed in the collection of the customs,
t) keep a daily account in writing of th  time he
is actually employed in the public service, each
and every day, and what his employment each
day is, stating the same so much in detail as to
exhibit a clear and intelligible account of all his
services from day to day.
Resolved, That such memoranda as is made by
each and every officer shall be quarterly sworn to,
as a full, just, and complete account of the ser-
vices actually rendered, and the time actually
spent by him in public employment.
Resolved, That the memoranda of each district
be embodied together for the use of Congress, and
that the Secretary add to it the amount of tonnage
entered, cleared, or owned in such district, with
the-amount of fevenue collected therein, and the
expense of collecting the same, showing what each
officer receives for all such services.
Retelved, That where any officer dis harges, or
claims to discharge, the duty of more than one
office, his services in each shall be distinguished
as well as his compensation.
In regard to the report, the Secretary says: "It
Comprises at least twenty thousand pages foolscap
written matter. Is is estimated they -would fill
10,000 octave pages, or 30 volumes of $00 pages
each, piiated. In manuscript they will fill six
boxes, containing on an average s>ix to eight cubic
feet each."
The resolution to print the report of the geologi-
cal and mineralogical survey of the mineral region
of Iowa and Wisconsin was taken up, and
Mr. TAPPAN spoke in favor of the printing.
Mr. DAVIS said that, although he had not ex-
amined the subject thoroughly, he had looked at it
enough to know that the printing would be a pretty
heavy job. The report itself was voluminous, and
lithographing the drawings would be very nearly,
if not quite, as expensive as engraving. The
whoie expanse, Mr. D. had been told, would pro-
bably be 115,000 or #20,000. And within the last
two days there had been a proposition to supply
the Treasury with |4,000,000, in addition to Trea-
sury notes already granted. Under all these cir-
cumstances, he hoped the Senator from Missouri
would consent that this should lie over till the next
session, especially as many more important ob-
jects must so lie, from the state of the Treasury.
Mr. LINN admitted that there was much force
in the statements of the member from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Davis,] but the estimate he made of the
sum of money necessary to have this work publish-
ed, was certainly much too high. Instead of its
costing fifteen or twenty thousand dollars, he did not
think it would require as many hundreds. But
even if it did, and much more, it would be the
cause of bringing into the Treasury hundreds of
thousands of dollars, from the knowledge it would
give to the world of the great mineral wealth of
these public lands, and the consequent enhancement
of their value. Mr. L. said that he bad an oppor-
tunity of conversing often with gentlemen engaged
in mining operations, both in this country and in
Europe, who said, with great emphasis, "prove to
us that the geological structure and mineralogical
affinities of your mineral country are the same, or
similar to the great lead region of England, and we
will have the greatest confidence in its resources,
and without fear invest capital in your mine*." It
is a little remarkable that Mi. Owen's report
proves conclusively this resemblance; andwithper-
mission of the Senate, he read the outlines of the
report, as given by Mr. Owen himself.
1.  An in-peclion of the chapter on the "geolo-
gical character" and on the "lead mines" of the
svrveyed district, w<ll show its close resemblance,
both in the character of its rocks and in its geologi-
cal position, to the celebrated mining district of the
north of England, the most productive lead region
in the known world.
2.  The chapter on the "Statistics of the lead
mines" affords proof that even under the numéreos
disadvantages to which this American lead region
has hitherto been subjected, it probably produces,
at this moment, nearly as much lead as the whole
of Europe,, with the exception of Great Britain
alone; and that it has indisputable capabilities of
producing as much lead as all Europe, Great Bri-
tain included.
3.  The chapter on copper ore, and the appended
analysis, prove that the copper ore of Wiskónsin
is richer and more valuable than the copper ore of
Cornwall, the greatest copper district in Europe or
the world; exceeding that ore in its yield, by from
one fifteenth to one-third; and that this ore is found
in abundance and can be raised with the same ex-
pense as lead one.
4.  That zinc is also abundant, and the zinc
ores of excellent quality.
Tbns, that the materials for the manufacture of
brass exist in profusion over the district.
5.  That iron ore, equal in quality to the Ten-
nessee ores, is found throughout the district in such
quantity that iron works to any desirable extent
might profitably be established there.                   '
And, upon the whole, that the district surveyed
is one of the richest mineral regions (compared to
its extent) yet known in the world.
The chapter on soils also shows that, unlike mos,t
other mineral regions, it is ferule, and capable of
