.32_____________________
■',     'II       UL          fl     {      ,'     t"-"_'1-       "       """■       JJ<llft"'*     ■■^■>' ..l   !■*!    l*H      II...    .|^       !,«■-.,■«
the majority and minority reports, and all the testi-
mony. [It would have taken the Clerk three days
to read all the testimony which the committee had
acted on, and which formed the basis of the conclu-
sions in the report, and which was already printed,
«nder the direction of the committee, by authority
of the House.]
Mr. CAMPBELL submitted, as a question of
order, to the Chair, that the gentleman had no
right to hare these papen read on a question of
printing.
The SPEAKER said he would decide that point
after baring ascertained whether there was a se-
cond to the demand for the previous question.
Mr. FILLMORE suggested to Mr. Campbell to
include in his motion to print, the journal of the
committee.
The suggestion having been acquiesced in,
(though Mr. Campbell remarked that the journal
had already been printed,)
The SPEAKER put the question on the de-
mand for the previous question. And there was a
second.
And the main question was ordered to be taken.
Several members of the Opposition here ob-
jected to making the resolutions accompanying the
report the special order for any day, when
Mr. FILLMORE asked that tne question might
be taken separately—first on that part of the mo-   ¡
ben which proposed to print the two reports—and,   ;
secondly  on that part of  it which proposed to   i
make the subject the special oidei for Saturday
And the division was ordered accordingly.
Mr. DROMOOOLE also asked for a separate
question on the motion to print the journal; which
was also ordered.
Mr. PROFITT then inquired of the Chaie if it
was in order now to call tor the reading of the pa-
per 1
The SPEAKER said that it was.
Mr. PROFFIT. Then I call for the reading of
every word, syllable, and letter. I am ready to
take the responsibility of the motion. Bat I first
make the offer to the chairman of ths Committee
of Ways and Means to waive the matter for the
present if he is willing to go into comm t ee to ie-
sume the consideration oí the appropriation bill;
or take up any other public business which the
chairman might prefer.
Mr. JOMES returned no answer, and several
Administration members objected. They were op-
posed to suppressing the printing of the report, and
opposed to the attempt to get rid of the question
by indirection. The reading progressed for about
half an hour, when
Mr. BOTTS said if the reading of the testimony
was persisted in, no other business could be done
this session.
Mr. DAWSON of Georgia proposed to go into
committee on the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. PROFFIT assented. But a number of Ad-
ministration members, again objecting.said that they
were opposed to sacrificing the righis of a sore-
reign State, and to suppressing the truth.
Mr. STANLY rose to inquire who objected, in
order that the country might know which party
was responsible for the delay of public business.
Mr. BEATTY of Pennsylvania rose and said
he objected; and, speaking in an angry tone, said
the gentleman coo Id turn his notice to him.     He
wished the people of the country to notice which
party wished to smother the truth; which party it
was that called for the reading of a mass of printed
testimony for the purpose of consuming the time of
the House, and thereby defeat the motion to print
the reports to which this testimony was appended,
the reading of which was called for by a Whig,
and the reading of which was insisted on by  a
Whig, unless the Administration party would so far
forget right and justice as to agree that it should
not be printed, and that no action should be had
upon it this session.   If the gentleman wished to
save the time of the House, why did he not agree
to the motion of the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, to lay the reports on the table for the
present, for the purpose of having them printed,
and lo make the subject the special order of the day
for Saturday, when the members will then hare
lea/i the report and testimony, and be better pre-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
pared to act upon the question, if indeed they are
not sufficiently informed from «hat has been
already read.
Mr. STANLY made some reply of an offensive
character.
The reading proceeded for some time longer.
Mr. HAWKS appealed to the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw his demand for the reading of
the volume, and let it be printed; but the appeal
was in vain.
At fifteen minutes past two o'clock, Mr- FILL-
MORE rose and appealed to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Proffit] to dispense with the further
reading.   This was no time to go into this matter.
Mr. PROFFIT said he had not forced this
question upon the House; the House had done so
by its own decision. He wished the reading to
proceed.
Mr. MEDILL, in the course of the reading of
the report of the minority, was surprised at its
extraordinary character; said it had never been
submitted or read to the majority in committee,
and that it contained falsehoods.
ThejCLERK proceeded in the reading of the re-
ports until 24 o'clock, at which time the House
took a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess,
The Clerk resumed and concluded the reading
of the majority and minority reports of the Com-
mittee of Elections in relation to the New Jersey
contested election; when
Mr. CAMPBELL, the chairman of the commit-
tee, wished to inquire of the Speaker whether he
could not modify bis original motion, so as to print
only the majority report and the journal. He had,
in the morning, at the request of a member, includ-
ed the minority report in hi  motion to print; but
after hearing it read, he could not sanction the
printing of such a document with his name. It
contained things which were not matters of fact—
were untrue.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman had the
right, provided the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Proffit,] on whose motion the reading was or-
dered, yielded the floor.
After some debate of a conversational charac-
ter, Mr. Proffit yielded the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL then modified his motion as
above, not being willing to sanction the printing of
such a document as the minority report, by his
name; and the question being on the printing, on
which the previous question had been ordered,
Mr. ANDREWS wished to know-
Several members here called Mr. A.  to order.
Mr. ANDREWS in a very loud voice exclaimed,
"I am in order."                                                  /
(Cries of hurra; well done Andrews.)
Mr. CLARK of New York made some remarks,
in which he complained that the chairman of the
Committee of Elections had first entrapped the
House into ordering the previous question, under
a motion to print both reports, and having secured
the previous question, he now wished to leave out
the minority report.
Mr. MEDILL, with much vehemence of gesture,
rose and repelled the charge that the House had
been "entrapped" in any way. The House had
not been entrapped, and the charge was a vile
slander upon the House and the majority of the
committee.
Mr. ANDREWS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the previous question had been seconded;
which motion was rejected.
Mr. PROFFIT having withdrawn the motion
to read the volumes of testimony accompanying
the reports,
The question then being on the motion to print
the majority report and the journal of the com-
mittee,
Messrs. RICE GARLAND and FILLMORE
made each a speech on what they termed
tyranny on the part of the Chair in applying the
question of reconsideration on the second to the
previous question, instead of the previous question
itself. It subsequently appeared, however, that the
Chair had been misunderstood.
The question was then taken on a motion of Mr.
Q. to reconsider the motion by which the previous
question had been ordered, and was negatived by
yeas and nays, as follows: yeas 65, nays 80.
The question then recurring on the modified mo-
tion of Mr. Campbell to print the majority report
and journal,
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky, in a very violent
manner, was proceeding to give his reasons why
he wished to be excused from voting, and de-
nounced the modification of the motion, etc. as
fraud and chicanery; when he was loudly called to
order by the SPEAKER, and by members from
various parts of the hall.
The CHAIR said the gentleman's language was
an imputation upon the House, which was out of
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL desired the member from
Kentucky to know that such language would not
be permitted ont of the House, neither would it be
suffered in the House. The character of the report
of the minority was not known when he consented
to include it in his motion to print.
(Much confusion here arose, and it was some-
time before order could be restored.)
Mr. HOLMES appealed to the House, in the
name of fifteen millions of freemen, to know
whether such proceedings should be suffered.
Mr. RICE GARLAND said Mr. Holme  did
not represent fifteen millions of freemen.
Mr. HOLMES rejoined, that he was sure, in
condemning such disorderly proceedings, he was
speaking the sentiments of every lover of decorum
in the country.
The question then being taken on the first branch
of the motion of Mr. Campbell, viz: on printing
the majority report, it was agreed to, as follows—
yeas 172, nay 1.
The queition then being taken on agreeing to the
second branch, viz: the printing ot the journal of
the committee, it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 154, nays 18.
Mr. FILLMORE then moved the printing of the
minority report.
Mr. RAMSEY demanded the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main questisn was or-
dered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
print the minority report, and decided by yeas and
.nays, as follows—yeas 102, nays 68.
So the minority report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JAMESON then moved the adoption of the
resolution accompanying the majority report, as
follows: see preceding column:
Mr. J. then moved the previous question.
Mr. FILLMORE wished to inquire whether,
when the House was acting in its judicial capacity,
the operation of the previous question would be to
prevent the contestants from speaking at the bar of
the House on their case.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
operation of the previous question would be the
same in this as in all other cases.
Mr. BRIGGS moved a call of the House, and
on that motion made some brief remarks in favor
of allowing the contestants an opportunity of being
heard at the bar of the House.
After seme vehement vociferation on the part
of Mr. MONROE, which set the House in a roar
of laughter,
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
BRIGGS for a call of the House, and it was nega-
tived—yeas 68, nays 75.
Mr. BOTTS wished to know if it would be in
order to submit a resolution permitting'the claim-
ants to appear at the bar of the House.
The CHAIR replied in the negative, as such a
resolution could not be entertained until it should
be ascertained whether there was a second to the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina wished the
gentleman from Missouri would withdraw the mo-
tion for the previous question, and let the report be
made the special order for Saturday or Monday.
Cries of No, no, from many; the question has
been discussed for months; every one understands
it The interest of the people requires that the
House should act without delay. If the subject
were discussed for months, no gentleman coald
come to a more correct conclusion than he has al-
ready atxiyed at. There ig no time for delay. The
