596
Mr. BUCHANAN did not profess to have any
wit, nor did he believe he had any; but if he had,
be .vhoald be very sorry either "to burn or drown"
the Senator in it. His acquaintance with ancient
history *u not such as to inform him where, when,
or how either Casar or Alcibiades had destroyed
the liberties of their respective countries by a pro-
vision similar to this amendment. That might be
•wing to hii own ignorance, which he hoped the
Senator from New Jersey would condescend to en-
ighten.
The Senator, said Mr. B. has replied to what he
calls my wit, but not to my argument. He has
wisely passed the latter over. What is the amend-
ment but this? I have an estate on which I desire
to expend $ 100,000 in the course of the year. I
employ an agent to direct and superintend this ex-
penditure. It depends, however, upon the ability
and will of a bank which is indebted to me,
whether I shall be able to place the whole amount
of this sum in his hands. Under such circum-
stances, what would n ; e man do? He would
say to his agent, yov uall not exercise the discre-
tion of deciding what particular improvement you
will arrest in case I am not able to furnish the
whole f 100,000. This discretion I shall exercise
for myself: and in case of a deficiency of means to
accomplish the whole, you shall apply none of my
money to such and such improvements, which, al-
though important in themselves, must yield to
others of more pressing necessity and greater utili-
ty. And, sir, this is the true nature of the amend-
ment now before the Senate; and yet, strange as it
may seem, it is strongly urged that it is an exten-
sion of Executive discretion! This is the whole
amendment; and human ingenuity may be defied
to make any thing more of it What do we say by
the amendment, to the President? If sufficient mo-
ney should come in, you shall apply it to all our
appropriations; but if it should not, you shall not
expend any of it upon those objects of minor im-
portance which we have designated. It is a clear
limitation, notan extension of Executive discretion.
The amendment was then adopted.
Mr. TALLM ADGE offered the following amend-
ment, and urged the importance of it to the unob-
structed navigation of the Hudson river, and the
preservation of the public works:
Fifty thousand dollars, to be expended under the
direction of the War Department, in continuing
such part of the public works already commenced
as may be most indispensable, for the improvement
of the Hudson river above and below Albany; in
dredging and removing obstructions formed in said
river near such works; in making necessary repairs
for the preservation of the existing pablic works
on that river; and in providing for the care and
preservation of the machinery and other public pro-
perty connected with the said works.
Mr. WRIGHT said he aid not wish to be under-
stood as recriminating upon his colleague; but his
position  as a member of the committee would
compel him, whatever might be his feelings on the
subject, to vote against the amendment.    He was
aware of the importance of this improvement, and
of the deep interest felt in it by the people of his
Stat*; and were this amendment proposed to a bill
making  appropriations for works of a kindred
character, he would most cheerfully give it his
support.   But the bill now before the Senate was
one making appropriations for the support of the
army for the year 1840; while the improvements
on the Hudson were of that class of works usually
provided for in the harbor bill.   Were this to be
adopted by the Senate, he could not but anticipate
that a multitude of similar amendments would be
proposed, which would weigh down this important
bill, and finally sink it. Had his colleague been aware
of the pertinacity with which applications for similar
appropriations had been resisted in the committee,
he thought he would not have placed him in the
unpleasant position of being compelled to vote
against an improvement of so much importance to
his State, and one in which his constituents felt so
deep an interest.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved to amend the bill by
inserting an appropriation of 06,000 for an outfit
for the Minister resident at Constantinople.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■■    ■     m   '                                                       ........  "   "■■ '■
Mr. CLAY of Alabama opposed it. He said it
was distinctly understood at the time when Com.
Porter was raised from a Charge that there was to
be no outfit, and he hoped that it would not be in-
troduced in this bill.
Mr. BENTON and Mr. WALKER both advo-
cated it.
Mr. SOUTHARD did not like the idea of mak-
ing outfits years after the post of resident Minister
had beea created. If the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia would move to place Com. Porter on the same
ground with other Ministers, he would cheerfully
«tive it his support. He thought, at the present
juncture, it was all-important to have a competent
Minister at the court of the Sultan.
Mr. BUCHANAN spoke from personal know-
ledge of the inadequacy of the salaries to maintain
ministers in foreign countries.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama called for the yeas and
nays, when there appeared for it—yeas 19, nays 15,
as follows:                                                              (
YEAS—Messrs.    Allen,    Anderson,    Benton,    «
Brown, Bnchanan, Calhoun,   Cuthbert,   Fulton,   j
Grundy, Linn, Norvell, Smith of Indiana, Strange,   j
Sturgeon, Tall mad ge, Tappan, Walker, Wall, and
White—19.                                                            !
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Alabama,   Clayton,
Davis, Dixon, Hubbard, Kin?, Knight, Lumpkin,    |
j Nicholas,   Phelps,  Porter,   Robinson,   Southard,
¡ Williams, and Wright—15.
Mr. TALLMADGE now offered the following    !
amendment:
I     "That #6,000 be expended «uder the direction of
the Secretary of War, in making the necessary re- j
pairs for the preservation cf the public works on    ]
Hudson river, above and below Albany, and pro-
viding for the care and pressrvation of the ma-
chinery and other public property connected with
said works."
Mr. T. again pressed on the Senate the necessity
of the adoption of the amendment.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
rejected, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buchanan, Clayton, Davis,
Dixon, Knight, Merrick, Phelps, Robinson, Smith
of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, Walker, and
White—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert,
Grundy, Henderson. Hubbard, King, Lumpkin,
Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Porter, Strange, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Wall, and Williams—21.
Mr. STRANGE moved to amend the bill by
appropriating $5,000 for the purchase of a town lot
adjoining the site of the arsenal at Fayetleville, in
North Carolina.
The question having been taken on the amend- j
ment, it was negatived.                                          ¡
Mr. CLAY of Alabama moved to insert an ap- j
propriation of #12,000 for the parchase   of an
island at the confluence of the St- Peter's and Mis-  '
sissippi rivers.
This motion was debated at some length by
Messrs. BUCHANAN, HENDERSON, CLAY
of Alabama, WALKER, and others.
The motion was adopted by a vote of 16 to 13.
The question was here taken on agreeing with
the committee in vesting the discretionary power
in the President to postpone certain expenditures,
and adopted.
Mr. STRANGE here renewed his motion to
amend the bill by inserting the appropriation of
#5,000 for the purchase of the site adjoining the
United States arsenal near Fayetteville.
Mr. S. said, so far as appropriations were con-
cerned, it would seem that North Carolina was
scarcely known to the Union. On this motion he
should demand the yeas and nays.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, when
there appeared for it 16, against it 16; so the mo-
tion was lost.
The question was then taken on the engross-
ment, and carried.
The private calender was taken up, and the fol-
lowing bills were considered in committee of the
whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reaing, and were subsequently read a third time
and passed.
An act for the relief of Cornelius Tiers;
An act for the relief of Ebenezer Lobdell;
An act for the relief of certain settlers on the
Salt Lick reservation in the western district of Ten-
nessee;
An act for the relief of Pierre Molaison, the
widom of Pierre Richoux, Alexander Comeau,
Alice L. Foley, the widow of John Foley, and
Francis Martin, of the State of Louisiana.
An act for the relief of the children of Stephen
Johnson;
An act for the relief of William Marbury;
An act confirming the claim of Augustine La-
coste to a tract of land therein named;
An act for the relief of Mary Sroufe;
An act for the relief of John L. Bowman and
Enoch J. Noyes;
An act for the relief of Oliver Welch;
An act for the relief of John A. Faunce and
Oliver Perrin,
An act fer the relief of the widow and heirs-at-
law of the Lewis Grant Davidson, deceased;
An act for the relief of Boggs and Thompson,
Robert and Thomas Hutchinson, and others;
An act for the relief of Thomas Latham;
were severally read three times and passed.
,A joint resolution directing the transfer to the
State of Maryland of the stock in the Chesapeake
and Ohio Canal Company, standing in the name of
the United States, upon certain conditions, was
passed and sent to the House for concurrence.
An act from the House for the relief of the
sureties and heirs and representatives of Melancton
W. Bosiwick, deceased, was, on motion of
Mr. Benton, amended by adding a section for
the relief of Mary W. Thompson, widow of ¿¡ol.
Alexander Thompson, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and subsequently read a third
time, and passed.
The following bills were considered, and laid on
the table:
A bill for the relief of Eliza Causin, daughter
and heir of John H. Stone, deceased;
A bill making provision for the adjustment of the
title to a site for a light-house on the Roanoke
marshes, in North Carolina;
A bill granting to the county of Kent, in the
State of Michigan, the right of pre-emption to a
quarter section of land;
A resolution authorizing the purchase, for the
use of the United States, of the banking boose of
the Bank of Alexandria;
A bill granting to the State of Illinois the right
of way through the public lands of the United
States, and for other purposes;
A bill to relinquish to the State of Indiana the
title of the United States to eight acres of land,
A bill for the relief of James McCrory;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Frederick
Seigle; and
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Jordan, deceased, late a captain in the
continental line of artillery artifices.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, July 17, 1840.
After the reading of the journal,
Mr. STANLY moved an amendment of the
journal of Thursday, giving his reasons why he did
not vote for the resolution submitted by Mr. Chap-
mam of Alabama, proposing to instruct the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill to prevent
the admission of negroes into the naval service.
After some conversation between Messrs. Stan-
ly, Dromgoole, and the Chair,
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected to the entry of rea-
son for votes on the journal. It was unprecedent-
ed, and would lead to bad practices.
Mr. STANLY moved to suspend the rules, and
on .that motion demanded the yeas and nays;,
which, having been ordered, were—yeas 99,
nays 69.
So the House refused to suspend the rules fer the
purpose.
Messrs. BOTTS and PROFFIT proposed amend-
ments to the journal; which weie agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina, from the
Committee of Election?, in the. cate of the eon*
