540
folded, of papers of different kinds,
at least       .          -          -                  800,000
The packages containing seeds, books,
&c. will amount to about    -          •        20,000
There hare been folded, sealed pack-
ages, which were extra documents
ordered by the House, about          -       70,000
Speeches, addresses, &c. since April
1st have amounted to                          1,330,000
Supposed to have been folded in outer
parts of the Capitol, and at the mem-
bers'rooms             .           -          -      350,000
2,470,000
J. R. QJJEEN.
(Of the above aggregate, the probability is that
more than two-thirds were Whig documents—such
as the life of Harrison, of four kinds, to be sent to
the four sections of the United States, and Harri-
son pictorial almanacs; and Whig speeches in Con-
gress.]
The question was then taken, and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. HOPKINS moved the previous question on
the adoption of the resolution; which received a se-
cond, and the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. McCLELLAN called for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the reselntion; but they were not
ordered; and the resolution was then agreed to.
Mr- CAMPBELL asked the general consent of
the House to offer a resolution, which was read for
the information of the House, and was in substance
as follows, viz: that the Committee of Elections be
authorized to pay oBt of the contingent fund of
the House to J. M. Carlisle, clerk to said com-
mittee, per diem allowance at the rate of $5 per
day for his services.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated, in reply to an inquiry,
that the clerk was now allowed $4 per day, but,
owing to his arduous duties, the committee thought
him entitled to a larger sum.
Mr. PETRIKIN objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to suspend the rules to
admit the resolution.
Mr. PETRIKIN called for the yeas and nays on
that motion; which, having been ordered, were—
yeas 34, nays 99. So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut asked the general
consent of the House to offer a resolution, which
was read for the information of the House, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House pay to
Messrs. Aycrigg, Maxwell, Halstead, Stratton, and
Yorke, the same compensation per diem and mile-
age that is allowed to members of Congress,
computing the per diem from the commencement
«f the session until the 7th day of July instant.
Mr. PETRIKIN objected.
Mr. SMITH said it was the usual resolution,
and he moved a suspension of the rules to enable
him to submit it, and on that motion demanded
the yeas and nay ; which, having been ordered,
were—yeas 81, nays 59.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. RAMSEY asked the general consent of the
House to submit the following resolution, viz:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House pay to
Charles J. Ingersoll the «ame compensation per
diem and mileage that is allowed to members of
Congress, -computing the per diem from the com-
mencement of the session until the 17tb of July
instant.
Objection having been made,
Mr. RAMSEY moved that the rules be sus-
pended to enable him to submit the resolution, and
on that motion demanded the yeas and nays; which,
having been ordered, were—yeas 49, nays 86.
So the rules weie not suspended.
Mr. ADAMS asked that the House would agree
to take up the bill of this House, originally re-
ported from the Committee ou Manufactures, which
had been returned from the Senate, with amend-
ments, entitled, "An act to ensure the mere faith-
ful execution of the laws regulating the collection
of duiies on imports," for the purpose of having it
referred to the Commiliee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union, to consider those amend-
ments.
CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
Mr. A. said the bill had been passed by both
Houses by a large majority, and he did not believe
it would occupy the committee five minutes.
Mr. PETRIKIN objected to the motion, as being
out of order.
Mr. ADAMS repeated that his only object was
to have the bill and amendments referred to the
committee.
Mr. PETIKIN withdrew his objection; and
Mr. CRABB renewed it.
Mr. ADAMS moved to suspend the rules, to en-
able him to make the motion above indicated.
Mr. CRABB demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and, having been taken, were—yeas
90, nays 64.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. J. W. JONES moved to suspend the rules,
and that the House would resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
Mr. TILLINGHAST said this was private bill
day, and he hoped the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means would not press his motion,
but that he would withdraw it, and thereby enable
the House to consider the private bills.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked the general consent
of the House to consider the motion he submitted
a few days ago, for printing 5,000 extra copies of
the report of the Select Committee upon the sub-
ject of steam boilers. The document was now in
type, and, unless the printing was ordered immedi-
ately, it would cost double as much at another
time.
Mr. R. GARLAND objected. There had been
an extra quantity of these documents printed last
year, seme of which were on hand.
Mr. U. did not press the motion to print.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole House on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hopkins in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the Indian appropriation bill.
The question pending was the amendment to the
bill appropriating $35,337 for carrying into effect a
provision of the treaty of New Echota, in 1835, in
reference to the removal of the Indians.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS inquired of the Chair whe-
ther the amendment was in order.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment was
in order.
Mr. RUSSELL said the appropriation was not
authorized by existing law, ar.d that it was for the
satisfaction of a mere private claim; and he ap-
pealed from the decision of the Cha«. •
Mr. JONES of Virginia explained that it had
been called for from the War Department, as ne-
cessary to carry into effect the treaty which had
been ratified.
A debate ensued, in which Messrs. RUSSELL,
TILLINGHAST, EVERETT, COOPER of Ga.
THOMPSON of South Carolina, and EVANS,
participated, in opposition to the decision of the
Chair and to the propriety of the amendment, and
by Messrs BANKS, BROWN of Tennessee, and
WATTERSON.
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was reversed.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama proposed an
amendment appropriating $1,126 for the payment
of the claim of a company of Alabama volunteers,
ordered out under Capt. Snodgrass of Alabama, to
aid in the removal of the Indians.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina said the
claim had received the unanimous approbation of
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The question of order was raised; when it was
ascertained that a bill was pending before the
House for the payment of this claim, and, in con-
sequence,
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
On motion of Mr. MARVIN, the committee
then rose and reported the bill to the House; and
the question being on concurring in the amend-
ments of the committee, and reading the bill a
third time,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved the previous
question, which received a second, was put, and
carried.
Several amendments of the committee having
been concurred in, and the question being on con-
curring in the amendment appropriating $10,175
for the payment of balances due on account of'the
removal of the Creek Indians, was disagreed to.
The question being on concurring with the com-
mittee in the amendment, in the following words
viz:
For payment of the claim presented by the Ala-
bama Emigrating Company, and allowed by the
i    accounting officers,$38,646;
Mr. L. WILLIAMS called for the yeas and
nays; which, having been ordered, were—yeas 79,
nays 66.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The question was then put, that the House do
¡ concur in the eighth amendment of the committee
I    to said bill, which is as follows:
For expenses attending the iemoval of the Win-
nebago Indians from their present residence in
Wiskonsin to the neutral ground across th  Mis-
sissippi river, estimating the number at 4,500, to
cost $10 each, $45,000.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS called for the yeas and
nays on concurring; which were ordered, and were
—yeas 81, nays 57.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The question now being on concurring in the
ninth amendment of the Committee of the Whole
House to said bill, in the following word*:
Insert in the bill the following item: "To carry
into effect the treaty of the 3d of September, 1839,
with the Stockbridge and Maumee tribe of Indians,
ratified the 16th May, 1840, $32,265 40;"
Mr. BARNARD demanded the yeas and nays;
which having been ordered, were—yeas 77,
nays 57.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The question being now on concurring with the
i committee in the 10th amendment, in the following
;  words, viz: Add to the bill the folio wing words:
"For holding a treaty with  the Cherokee Indians,
including all the different interests and divisions
which exist among them, upon the basis of their
right to adopt any form of Government which they
or a majority of them may think proper; to elect
their own officers or chiefs; and establish any law
or regulations which they may deem best for their
welfare and happiness, provided that they do not
!   conflict with the  Constitution   and laws of  the
j   United States, applicable to their affairs, $5,000;
Mr. BOYD demanded the yeas and nays; which
having been ordered, were—yeas 60, nays 77.
,      The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
1 third reading, and having been engrossed, was read
the third time and passed.
Mr. R. GARLAND moved to amend the title so
as to read " A bill to encourage hostilities with the
i  Cherokee Indians," but subsequently withdrew bis
motion.
Mr. R. GARLAND and Mr. STANLY warned
the House that, unless a different course Were pur-
sued in rejecting the amendment proposed by
Mr. Bíll as above, bloodshed would ensue,
and war be kindled up along our Southwestern
frontier.
Mr. STANLY, under this conviction, moved a
reconsideration of the vote by which the bul had
i   been passed.
| The motion was sustained by Mr. W. THOMP-
SON and Mr. CROSS of Arkansas, in very earnest
| speeches, appealing to the House against the re-
sponsibility it incurred by refusing this pitiful
amount of $5,000, at the imminent hazard of an
Indian war
Mr. STANLY withdrew his motion.
Mr. CROSS renewed it.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana moved the previous
question; which was seconded, put, and carried;
when the reconsideration was negatived by yeas
and nays as follows: yeas 71, nays 74.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the joint role
of the two Houses which forbids bills being sent
from one House to the other during the last three
!' days of the session, was suspended in relation to
the Indian bill, the bill for the military academy,
for fortifications, for mileage, and for all territorial
bills.
On motion of Mr. PICKENS, the Hens* went
