lato Committeeef the Woleon the state oí the Union,   |
(Mr. Rossxct in the chair,) and took op for con-   |
sideratioB the bill appropriating $25,000 for the   ;
expenses of the exploration and survey of the
Northeastern boundary of the United States.
Mr. ADAMS moved an amendment to include
the establishment of four stations for meteorologi-
cal and geological observations.   He explained the   !
object of ike amendment, and argued in its favor,   j
but it was rejected.
Mr. PICKENS moved that the committee rise,
and report the bill to the House.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana hoped the committee
would not rise, but that the bill would be laid aside
in order to be reported, and that the committee
would agree to take up Senate bill 141, entitled
An act to confirm to the State of Indiana the land
selected by her for that portion of the Wabash and ,
Eiie canal which lies between Tippecanoe liver j
and Terre Haute, and for other purposes. Mr. D.
was going on to show the great importance of the
biH to toe State of Indiana, but was arrested by
The CHAIR, who stated that the question must   |
first be pat on rising, before the gentleman's motion
could be en'ei tained.
The question was then taken on (he motion that
the committee rise, which was agreed to; and the
biH was accordingly reported to the House.
Mr. ADAMS then renewed his amendment to
the bill which was rejected in committee, in the
following words, viz:
"Jind be it further enacted, That the snmof twenty
thousand dollars be, and the same are hereby appro-
priated, to bepaidoatof any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for the establishment of
five several stations, at suitable distances from each
other, for making observation; of terrestial mag-
netism and meteorology for three years; the said
sum to be expended under the direction of tbe Se- '
cretary of War for the fulfilment of those purpo-
ses; he to account for the expenditure theteof to the
Treasury of the United States."
Mr. A. wished to have his vote recorded in favor j
of the amendment, and called for the yeas and I
nays; which were ordered.                                       i
After a few remarks by Messrs. ADAMS and
STANLY,                                                            I
Mr. DAVIS moved the previous question on   j
the bill and amendment, which received a second;
and the main question was ordered to be put.            I
The question being first on the adoption of the
amendment of Mr. Adams,
Mr. EEIM called for the reading of the amend-
ment; which having been done,
Mr. KE1M moved to amend it by striking out   ;
the word "are," and insert the word "is," instead.
[This motion, on the part of Mr. Keim, caused
a great deal of merriment.     It will be recollected   |
that, a few days ago, Mr. Adams entered into  a
criticism of the ¿iciien and grammar of the report I
of Mr. Kkim on the militia, and this motion to cor-   I
rect the grammatical error of Mr. A. was consir   I
dered a fair hit.    Mr. A. responded in relation to   j
this error, that it was the same principle of con-
stroction as the sentence "that  our sufferings 'w'   I
intolerable."
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on the amendment of Mr. A. and disagreed to—
yeas 34, nays 96.
The bill was then read the third time, and passed.
The House then, at 2i o'clock, took its usual re-
cess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. JOKES moved that the naval appropriation   j
bill, as amended by the ¡Senate, be taken up, with   j
a view of considering the said amendments.
The several amendments having been read by
the Clerk,
Mr. JONES said he hoped there would be no
objection to the immediate consideration of tbe
amendments.
Mr. ANDREWS said he had no objection to
the bill; but he did object to going on without a   >
quorum.                                                               I
Mr. JONES replied that he did not desire to   |
proceed without a quorum, and, after some con-
versational debate, Mr. J. agreed to withdraw his
motion until a quorum should appear.
Mr. ADAMS asked leave to take up the bill to
ÓÓireaÉSSIOKAL GLOBE.
ensure the more faithful execution of the revenue
laws, as amended by the Senate.
Mr. HOLMES objected, and the bill was not
taken up.
In the mean tine, while the Senate'* amendments
were read, Mr. LINCOLN wished the time occu-
pied, till a quorum should appear, in receiving the
reports of committees to whom Senate bills had
been referred.
After a desultory conversation,
Tbe question was put on Mr. Jones's motion, and
the votes were—ayes 67, noes 20. No quorum
voting.
Mr. LINCOLN moved a call of the House
which was ordered. Ninety-six members respond-
ed to their names.
The absentees having been called, 122 members
were found to be present.
Mr, JONES moved to dispense with further pro-
ceedings in the call, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Iowa made a strenuous
effort to get territorial business taken up. He
raised a question of order, that inasmuch as the
House on the 8th mst. by a vote of two-thirds, set
apart the first day after the passage of the appro-
priation bills, for the consideration of territorial bu-
siness, to take precedence over all other business,
the motion to consider amendments of Senate to
bill No. 6 was not in order, and the first order of
the day was on territorial basine-s, seeing that the
appropriation bills had been passed.
The SPEAKER decided that the appropriation
bills could not be censideretLas passed as long as
they were pending by amendmenis or otherwise;
and that consequently the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Jones] was in order.
From this decision Mr. CHAPMAN appealed,
and debated that appeal, [showing what injustice
would be done the Territory if the business he pro-
posed was not taken up.
After a few remarks by Mr. W. C. JOHNSON
on the appeal—
Mr. RAMSEY moved the previous question on
the appeal, which received a second, and the main
question was by order put, and tbe decision of the
Chair was sustained.
And the question recurring on Mr. Jones's mo-
tion to take up the Navy bill and amendments, it
was agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved that the House do concur in
all the amendments of the Senate; and on that ques-
tion he demanded the previous question.
Mr. R. GARLAND remonstrated.
But Mr. JONES refused to withdraw the motion.
Mr. R. GARLAND moved a call of the House.
On this motion Mr. L. WILLIAMS demanded
the yeas-and nays; which were ordered and taken,
and resulted as follows—yeas 44, nays 82.
So the House refused to order a call.
The previous question was seconded, and carried
by yeas and nays as follows—yeas 78, nays 54.
The main question then recurring on concurring
in the amendments of the Senate, the yeas and
nays were ordered.
Mr. R. GARLAND asked that the question be
divided, and put on each amendment separately.
The question being put on the following amend-
ment of the Senate,
"Provided, That no more of the several appro-
priations last mentioned] for the improvement and
repair of the navy yards shall be expended pre-
vious to the 4th day of March next, than shall be
found by the Secretary of the Navy, upon inqui-
ries made for the purpose, to be absolutely neces-
sary for the preservation of the public works, the
security of the public property, and the preserva-
tion of the public business at the" respective
yards."
The yeas and nays being demanded by Mr. R.
GARLAND, were taken, and resulted as follows:
yeas 93, nays 62. So this amendment was con-
curred in.
The next question was on concurring with the
Senate in the following amendment:
Strike out of the second section the words, «'a
violation of existing contracts, and insert, "im-
pairing the ability of the Navy Department to
make payment nnder existing circumstances prior
to the 40v day of March, 1841.T 
541
The question on concurring in the above amend-
ment was agreed to by yeas 91, nays 51.
The question was next on concurring with the
Senate in the following amendments, viz:
Strike out from the second section of the bill,
"which provided for reimbursing the fund for the
gradúa' improvement of the návy, which had been
authorized to be expended in building steamships,"
:   and insert the following:
j<      "And the residue of the said sum of $340,000
, shall be, and is hereby, appropriated, and shall be
paid of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated."
The question was taken on concurring with the
Senate in the above amendment, and agreed to—
yeas 93, nays 49.
I      The question now being on concurring with tie
Senate in striking out the sixth section of the bill
i  in the words following:
!      "Sec. 6. And be it further  enacted,  That the
sum of $60,000 be and the same is hereby appro-
priated out of money in the Treasury, not other-
wise appropriated, for  the preparation and eom-
;   mencement of the third steam vessel of war, au-
thorized by an aot of March 3d, 1839, in addition
1 to any materials which may be on hand suitable to
,  such vessels."
The question was taken, and the above amend-
,  ment was concurred in—yeas 84, nays 54.
'       The question was next on concurring with the
Senate in the seventh amendment, viz:   Strike oat
i   from the seventh section of the bill, which reappro-
i   priates unexpended balances of former appropria-
tions the following item:   "For the parcha  of a
site and the construction of a dry dock for the naval
service in the harbor of New York, as authorized
by ihe act of March 3d, 1835—#95,063 61."
i      The question was taken, and the amendment
concurred in.
I       The question was next on concurring with tbe
i   Senate in the following amendment as an addi-
>    tioaal section to the bill, viz:
|        "Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That there be
j   appropria'ed from any money in the Treasury, not
|   otherwise appropriated, for the immediate turvey
i} of the coast from Appalacbicola bay to the meuth
I   of the Mississippi river, for the ascertainment of
!    the practicability of establishing a navy yard and
naval station, which shall best subserve the protec-
tion of the commerce of the Gulf of Mexico, the
sum of $30,000 to be taken from the appropriation
already made for the survey of the coast of the
United Spates."
The question was taken on concurring in tbe
above amendment, and it was disagreed to—yeas
64, nays 89.
Mr. JONES moved to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; which motion
prevailing, the Honse went into committee accord-
ingly, (Mr. Clifford in the chair,) and took np
the Senate's amendments to the army appropria-
tion bill.
A discussion arose on an item in these amend-
ments for the ontñt of a Charge* to Texas, as being
incongruous to the character of the bin.
Mr. ADAMS raised the question whether the
Senate should send amendments such as were not
permitted by the rules of the House; this subjected
i every member of the House to the will and power
of the Senate; against which he protested.
The CHAIR deciding the amendments to b  in
order,
Mr. ADAMS look an appeal; which was argued
by Messrs BANKS, ADAMS, EVANS.BRIGGS,
RAMSEY, and FILLMORE, and finally with-
drawn.
The amendment was concurred in.
Another discussion arose on an amendment al-
lowing for the ontfit of a Minister resident at Con-
stantinople, in which Messrs. EVANS, STANLY,
PICKENS, McKAY, RAMSEY, DELLET,
CRAIG, PROFFIT, and TILLINGHAST parti-
cipated.
When, the question being taken, the vote was—
ayes 46, noes 49.   [No quorum voting.]
The question was taken by tellers, and resulted
as follows—ayes 58, noes 49.
No quorum votinx, the committee rose and re-
ported the fact to the House.
