$44
Mr. TOLAND moved to reconsider the vote just
taken, in order that the resolution might be modi-
lied so as not to include in the extra allowances the
salaried officers of the House.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the motion
on the table, and demanded the yeas and nays-,
which were ordered, and resulted as follows: Yeas
91, nays 63.
So the motion to reconsider the resolution was
laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. JONES, the House took up
the Senate's amendments to the Navy appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. EVANS moved that the House insist on
its disagreement to the amendment of the Senate,
(via: for the survey of the Apalachicola bay, in refer-
ence to the establishment of a naval station,) and
appoint a committee of conference. Mr. ADAMS
moved that the House adhere. Mr. JAMESON,
that the House recede from its disagreement; and
he demanded the previous question; which was
seconded, put, and carried, and the question being
on receding, it was decided by yeas and nays as
follows, viz: Yeas 80, nays 91.
So the House refused to recede.
Mr. ADAMS withdrawing his motion to adhere,
and the question recurring on the motion to insist
upon the disagreement, it was agreed to; and a
committee of conference was ordered to be ap-
pointed.
The following private bills on the Speaker's
table having been returned from the Senate with
sundry amendments, were taken up, and the
amendments were concurred in, viz:
An act for the relief of Thompson and Boggs,
and Robert and Thomas Hutcherson, and others;
An act"for the relief of Gilbert A. Smiih and Na-
than Stark;
An act for the relief of William Marbury, of
Louisiana;
An act for the relief of the sureties and heirs of
Melancton W. Bostwick, deceased, &c.;
An act granting a pension to the heirs of Leonard
Smith;
An act for the relief of Thomas Latham;
An act for the relief of Thomas Bennett;
The following bill was then then taken, up, the
question being on concurring in an amendment of
the Senate:
An act to continue in force the first section of an
act entitled "An act to extend the time of fulfilling
Virginia military land warrants, and returning sur-
veys thereon to the General Land Office."
Mr. CRAIG, who was entitled to the floor,
moved the previous question on coucurring in the
Senate's amendment.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS objected to the considera-
tion of this bill ont of its order; the consequence
was, that the bill failed.
Mr. JONES moved that the Committee of the
Whole be discharged from the consideration of
the Senate's amendments to the army appropria-
tion bill at half past two o'clock, (unless sooner re-
ported.)
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted as follows—yeas 120, nays 44.
Mr. JONES afterwards modified his motion so
as to take up tbe bill in the House at 4 o'clock.
On the resolution thus modified, he demanded the
previous qnestion, which was seconded, put, an I
carried, and tits main question being on adopting
the resolution, the yeas and nays were demanded,
but the House refused to order them. The resolu-
tion, was then carried—ayes 111, noes 31.
On motion of Mr. JONES, the House then re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Clifford in the chair)
and resumed the consideration ot tbe
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question pending was on the amendment of
Mr. Everett to the amendment of the Senate, re-
stricting ihe action of the President in suspending
certain appropriations in the bill, so as to require
him to pursue the order in which the appropriation
stands in the bill.
After some brief explanations by Messrs. PROP-
FIT, and SVlITH of Indiana, in relation to some
remarks by the latter on Saturday,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. STANLY took the floor, and made some
remarks in relation to the state of the Treasury.
He was followed by Messrs. BELL, WISE,
CUSH1NG, TILL1NGHAST, DAVIS of Ken-
tucky, and BARNARD, when the question being
taken on the amendment of Mr. Everett, it was
rejected—ayes 32, noes 57.
No quorum having voted, tellers were demanded,
and the vote being taken, stood as follows: ayes 55,
noes 76.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to amend the amend-
¡   ment of the Senate by striking ont so much ot it as
authorized the suspension of appropriations for the
Springfield and Harper's Perry armories.
Mr. COST JOHNSON made some brief remarks
in support of the amendment.
The question then being; put on the amendment
of Mr. Calhoun, resulted—ayes 33, noes 64; no
quorum; and the hour of 2i o'clock having ar-
rived,
The House look a re;ess.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess, there being no quorum present,
Mr. LINCOLN suggested that, until a quorum
appeared, the standing committees should be per-
mitted to report Senate bills referred to them.
Some desultory conversaron arose, when Mr.
L. said he would not press the subject.
A quorum hairing soon arrived,
On motion of Mr. JONES, the House proceeded
to execu'e the order by which it had been directed
that, at 4 o'clcck, the House should resume the
consideration of the
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question pend<ng was on concurring in the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. JONES moved the previous question; which
was seconded, put and carried.
The main question on agreeing with the amend-
ments was then divided, and put successively on
the several amendments separately.
Oa that allowing an outfit of $6,000 to the Mi-
Bister resident at Constantinople, the yeas and nays
were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas 54,
nays 84.   So the House refused to concur.
On the next amendment for the purchase of an
island in the Mississippi, at the confluence of the
St. Peters, near Fort Snelling, the yeas and nays
were ordered, and were—yeas 49, nays 100. So
the amendment was not concurred in.
On the last amendment (which empowers the
President to suspend a certain amount of the ap-
propriations, in case of a deficiency of receipts from
cus'oms, lands, etc. or a failure on the part of the
United Sta'es Bank and the late deposite banks to
pay the debts due from them,) the yeas and nays
were ordered, and resulted as follows—yeas 102,
nays 76.   So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee of Confe-
rence on the patt of the House, relating to the disa-
greement of the two Houses on the appropriation
i   of f 30,000 for a survey of the coast at Apalachi-
cola bay, made a report.   The report recommend-
1   ed anew appropriation of $10,000, in a shape dif-
['  ferent from the proposition in the bill, but for the
i   same object.
The report was agreed to.
After some debate as to what business should
next be considered,
On motion of Mr. JONES, the House resolved
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Underwood in the Chair,) and
took up the bill making appropriation for the sup-
port of the
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
The bill was read, and being considered by
sections,
Mr. KEMBLE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported an amendment, making some
1 slight alteration in the internal relations of the
academy. Mr. K. explained that the amendment
would make no increase in the expense, and there-
fore hoped there would be no objection.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. CURTIS, from the Committeee on Com-
merce, moved to add an amendment, re-enacting a
provision regulating the salaries of collector , naval
officers, surveyors, and the custom-house officers.
Mr. HOPKINS contended that the amendment,
under the rule of the Home, was not in order it
having no connection with the bill.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order
Mr. CURTIS appealed.
The appeal was debated by Messrs. CURTIS
HOPKINS, EVANS, DAVIS of Indiana, SAL-
TONSTALL, and ADAMS, when the decision of
the Chair was sustained, and the amendment de-
clared to be out of order.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS of Tennessee then
moved to amend, by striking out all after the en-
acting clause, and substituting a new bill, pro-
posing a different arrangement for the military in-
struction of cadets and officers, and providing that
military students shall be taken from the ranks of
the armv, etc. etc.
Mr. WILLIAMS then advocated his substitute
with much earnestness, and gontended that by its
j   adoption the army would be supplied with a great-
'   er number of good officers, and  the President be
enab'ed to make a selection from the whole country,
j   instead of from a single institution.    He contended
that the country required a system of free instruc-
tion in military science, and that the present insti-
tution ought to be abolished.
Mr. MONROE replied with ardor in defence of
the Military Academy, insisting on the necessity of
scientific cultivation to ensure success in war to the
highest gallantry. He presumed no gentleman
would vote for the substitute; but if the gentleman
from Kentucky would bring forward his plan next
session in time to have it discussed, Mr. M. would
be happy to meet him.
Mr. POPE followed on the «ame side, and re-
monstrated against such an attempt to destroy an
institution which had existed nearly half a century,
and which was an ornament to the country. The
subsitute, strictly considered, was not in order; but,
it   were, he must protest against such a scheme.
Mr. CAMPBELL of Tennessee expressed him-
self as decidedly opposed to the school, and woujd
vote against the whole bill. He approved of the
substitute, and so did many others, and so gentle-
men would find. Mr. C. then went into a speech
of considerable length, and much earnestness
against the Academy.
Mr. REYNOLDS of Illinois denounced the in-
stitution as establishing a distinct order in the com-
munity. He was in favor of a reasonable and
strict construction of the Constitution, and this
school, viewed in that light, was unconstitutional.
Besides, on the same principle, the judges of our
courts and members of Congress ought to be edu-
cated at the public expense; and, said Mr. R. if
we look at some of their speeches, they want edu-
cation bad enough, Heaven kaows.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
HUBBARD, COOPER of Georgia, W. B. CAMP-
BELL of Tennessee, and C. H. WILLIAMS,
against the continuance of the present institution,
and by Messrs. DAWSON, EVANS, MUNROE,
and POPE, in favor of its con'inuance on the same
plan as heretofore.
In the House, the amendments were read and
agreed to. The bill, as «mended, was then ordered
to a third reading by yeas and nays, as follows—
yeas 176, nays 41.
It was then passed and sent to the Ser ate.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON moved to suspend
the rules, in order to receive a joint reso'utionfiom
the Senate on the District banks, and demanded the
yeas and nays which being ordered, were taken,
and resulted as follows—yeas 73, nays 53.
There not being twe-thirds, the rules were not
suspended.
Mr. JONES then moved to suspend the rules to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; which motion prevailed, and tbe House
went into committee accordingly, (Mr. Cave Johií-
son in the chair,) and took up the
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The bill was read through, and then considered
by sections.
The sections having been read, and some in-
quiries having been answered,
Mr. JONES moved, as an additional section, a
provision empowering the President, in case of a
deficit in the Treasury, to postpone until the close
of next Congress, unless Congress shall sooner act
