546
Committee *f the Whole on the  State   of the
Union.
Mr. STEENROD moved an adjournment.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered,
and benrs; taken, resulted as follows—yeas 79,
nays 63.
(So the House, at a quarter past 12 o'clock,
Adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, July 21, 1840.
The residue of the standing committees were
discharged from the further consideration of the
subjects remaining before them, and leave granted
to certain individuals to withdraw their papers.
FORTIFICATIONS.
The bill making appropriations for certain forti-
fications for the year 1840, was received from the
House, real twice, and referred to the Committee
on Finance; reported from the committee without
amendment, considered by consent, ordered to a
third reading, and read a third time, and passed.
Mr. ROBÓLES submitted a resolution calling
on the Secretary Of the Navy for statements as to
the number, of seamen and marines in the United '
Stales navy'; distinguishing American citizens from
foreigners, and those that had not been from those
that hid been bred in the fisheries. Objection
t being made, the resolution was lost.
The bill from the House making appropriations
for the' Military Academy at West Point, for the
year 1840, was read twice, and referí ed to the
Committee on Finance.
The Senate concurred with the House in sus-
pending the 16th joint rale, so as to allow the final
passage of the bill for the relief of Chastelain and
Ponvert, and for other purposes, and the joint reso-
lution providing for the remuneration of the work-
men o)i the Treasury building for loss of time.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the resolution
offered by Mr. Southard was taken up, amended
oh motion of Mr. H. (assented to by Mr. South-
AkD,) so as to exclude information already pos-
sessed by the Senate; and in this form it was agreed
to.
Mr. "WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
Battee^ reported the bill making appropriations for
the Military Academy at West Point, for the year
1840, without amendment.
Tb« bill was then taken up, considered as in
committee of the whole, and ordered to a third
reading, Tread a third time, and passed.
The Senate concurred in the joint resolution
froimhe House for appointing a joint committee
to wait on the President of the United States, and
inform him that Congress, unless he had some fur-
ther communication to make, were now ready to
adjourn; and the President pro ttm. was authorized
to appoint the committee on the part of the Senate.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the joint committee on
the part of the Senate, reported that it had waited
on the President to receive any further communi-
cations he might be pleased to make, was informed
by the President that he had no further business to
communicate, and wished each Senator a happy
return to hts home.
Mr. PHELPS introduced a resolution, which
was carried unanimously, thanking the President
pro tan. tot the able and impartial manner in which
he had discharged the duties of his station.
Mr: TAPPAN then moved that the Senate ad-
journ tine die.
Tb.e PRESIDENT pro tern, having resumed the
Chair, addressed the Senate as follows:
Gentlemen op the Senate: Our vety protract-
ed session has drawn to a close.  Whether our time
has been employed in a manner most conducive to
the public interest, is not for me to determine.   But
I take this occasion to say, and I do it with much
pleasure, that if censure attaches any where, this
House is not justly liable to any portion of it. Here
business has met with no improper or unusual ob-
struction.   Every subject of a legislative character
which has reached as from the other House, has
beca anally disposed of—our duty has been faith-
fully performed.  The course pursued by this bono-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rabie body during this session, agitating and excit-   I
ing as it has been, is well calculated to raise it still   |
higher in the esteem and confidence of the people
throughout this wide-spread land.   Decorum in de-
bate has characterized its procsedings; and a proper
self-respect and dignity of deportment has marked
the conduct of each honorable Senator.   I must be
permitted, gentlemen,  to return you my sincere
thanks for your unanimous expression of approba-
tion of my official conduct.   To the best of my
ability I have discharged the duties; and the impar-   I
tiality accorded to me by each honorable Senator, is I
a source of heartfelt gratification.   My object has
ever been to enforce the rules, to preserve order,
but to inflict pain on ne one.   If, however, I have
on any occasion wounded the feelings of any Sena-
tor, I take this public occasion to express my deep
regret, and to ask his pardon.
May you return, gentlemen, in safety to your
homes and families; and may prosperity and hap-
piness be the lot of you and yours. I bid you, one
and all, a kindly farewell.
The motion to adjourn was then put and carried;
and
The PRESIDE NT pro tern, announced that the   [
Senate of the United States stood adjourned sine
die.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesdat, July 21, 1840.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported the following bills; which
were twice read, committed to the Commitiee of the
Whole House, and made the order of the day for
to-morrow:
A bill for the relief of John Sidman of N. Y.
■    A bill for the relief of Amos Hunting of Conn.
A bill for the relief of Leah Tenure of N. Y.
Also, Senate bill, No. 19, for the relief of Saml.
White—recommend that it do not pass.
Mr. C. from the same committee, upon motion,
was discharged from the further consideration of
the following petitions:
The petition of Diana Moore of Kentucky; of
Margaret Smith of Kentucky; of Julia F. Gibbs of
Connecticut; of Ephraim Owen oí New York; of
Sarah Hall of Vermont; of Pern's Morgan of Mass.
of Mary Lord of Connecticut; of Barbary Moyer
of Pennsylvania, of Anna Garrington of Connecti-
cut; of John Smith of Virginia; of Lydia Moody of
Massachusetts; of Polly Pratt of Tennessee; of Su-
san Foster of Kentucky; of Martha Dameron of
Virginia; (general bill reported,) of Moses Dusea-
bury of New York; of E.Todd of Massachusetts;
of Sally Day of Massachusetts; of Nancy Peters of
Kentucky; Susanna Barker of Illinois; of Sarah
---------of Kentucky; of Prudence Windzor, Wm,
Meriwether, Mary Allen, and Jane Buford.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the graduation of the
price of public lands, which, after some desultory  j
debate as to whether any reports from committees ¡
should be received at all, was laid on the tabl?.        ''
The SPEAKER suggested to the Hou-e the pro-   ',
priety ol dhcharging all the standing committees ,
from the consideration of the subjects before them,  '
and that they be permitted to hand in their reports 11
to the Clerk; but objection was made.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut asked the general
consent of the House to offer a resolution, which
was read for the information of the House as fol-   I
lows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be and   I
hereby is directed to pay to Messrs. Aycrigg, Max- '
well, Halsted, Stratton, and Yorke, the same com- I,
pensation per diem and mileage that is allowed to
members of Congress, computing the per diem
from the commencement of the session to the 16th
day of July instant, inclusive; and to Mr. Charles   ,
J. Ingersoll the same compensation during the ses-
sion.
Objection having been made,
Mr. SMITH moved to supend the rules to ena-
ble him to present the resolution; an<L on that mo-
ton, demanded the yeas and nays; which were or-
dared, and were—yesis   , nays
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. BRIGGS asked the geaeral consent of the
House to offer a resolution, which was read for
information, as follows:
Resolved, That the assistant clerks of this House,
the postmaster, the chaplain, the draughtsman,
the carman, the hostler, the police of the Capitol,
the keeper of the western gate of the Capitol,
and the lamp-ligh'er, be allowed the same rate of
extra compensation as has been paid by the Senate
to their officers and attendants,-the same to be paid
out of the contingent fend.
Objection having been made—
Mr. BRIGGS moved to suspend the rules, and
on 'hat motion the yeas and nays having been or-
dered, were—yeas 105, nays 26.
So the rules were suspended; and the question
being on the adoption of the resolution—
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland called for the pre-
vious question; which received a second; and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia called for a division of
the question, so as to except the chaplain, and to
have a separate vote on that part.
Mr. McCLELLAN of Tennessee moved to lay
the resolution on the table; and demanded the yeas
and nays on that question, which having been or-
dered, were—yeas 32, nays 104. So the House
refused to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution, which were
not ordered.
The question was then taken on the first divi-
sion of' the resolution, and it was agreed to; and
then on the second branch, including the compen-
sation to the chaplain, and agreed to.
The SPEAKER, by general consent, laid before
the House a report from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of the 6th of
April last, giving the names of each of the soldiers
to whom patents were issued for land lying in the
military bounty land district, in the State of Illi-
nois, &c.
On motion of Mr. CASEY, ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a report of F. R. Hassler,
superintendent of the works of standard weights
and measures; which was, on motion of Mr. CA-
SEY, ordpred to lie on the table, and be printed.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, the usual extra
quantity of said document was ordered to be print-
ed for the use of the superintendent.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, in compliance with a resolution of the
26th of May last, accompanied by a stat«ment
showing the amount paid in money and scrip on ac-
count of Revolutionary claims «absequent to the
year 1794. On motion of Mr. CASEY, ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the United
States States, transmitting a statement from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to tranfera
from one head of appropriations to another, made
from the commencement of the present year. On
motion of Mr. BELL, ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment in relation to the mode of paying mem-
bers of Congress, and pointing out certain difficul-
ties in keeping such accounts, &c. On motion of
Mr. STANLY, ordered to he on the table and be
printed.
Mr. BELL asked the consent of the House to
make a report from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, in relation to the proceedings had under the
first and second clauses of the fourth article of the
treaty of the 1st November, 1837, with the Winne-
bago Indians, with a view of having the report and
evidenee printed, and the committee discharged.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he would have no
objection to the reception of the report; but, if it
was to be received, he would insist en the reading
of the report, before he would consent to have it
printed.
