APPENDIX
TO  THE   CONGRESSIONAL   GLOBE
£6th Covg......1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Sen. & H. of Reps.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, December 24, 1830.
A message was received from the  Fiesident of
the United States, by A.  Van Buren, esq. his pri-
vate steretary.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The annual message of the President to the two
Hoates of Cangress  was then  read by the Secre-
tan- of the Senate, and was as follows:
FtUow-Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
I regret that I cannot on this occasion congratu-
late you that the past year has been one of unal-
loyed prosperity. The ravages of fire acd disease
have painfully afflicted otherwise flourishing por-
tions of our country; and serious embarrassments
yet derange the trade of many of our cities. But,
notwithstanding these adverse circumstances, that
feneral prosperity which has been heretofoie so
bountifully bestowed upon us by the Author of all
good, still continues to call for our warmest grati-
tude. Especially have we reason to rejoice in the
exuberant harvests which have lavishly recom-
pensed well directed industry, and given to it that
sure reward which is vainly sought in visionary
speculations. I cannot indeed view without pecu-
liar satisfaction, the evidences aflbided by the past
season of the benefits that spring from the steady
devotion of the husbandman to his honorable pur-
suit. No means of individual comfort is more
certain, and no source of national prosperity is so
sure. No'hing can compensate a people for a
dependence up m others for the bread they eat;
and that cheerful abundance on which the happi-
ness of every one so much depends, is to be looked
for no.vhere with such sure reliance as in the
industry of the agriculturist aad the bounties of
the earth.
With foreign countries, our relations exhibit the
same favorable aspect which was piesented in my
last annual message, and afford continued proof of
the wisdom of the pacific, just, and forbearing po-
licy adopted by the first Administration oí the Fe-
deral Government, and pursued by its successors.
The extraordinary  powers vested in me by an act
of Congress, for the defence of the country in an
emergency, considered  so far probable  as to re-
quire  that the  Executive should possess   ample
means to meet it, have not been exerted.   They
have, therefore, been attended with no other result
than to increase, by the confidence thus reposed in
me, my obligations to maintain, with religious ex-
actness, the cardinal principles that govern cur in-
tercourse with other nations.     Happily, in our
pending questions with Great Britain, out of which
this unusual grant of authority arose, nothing has
occurred to requiie its exertion; and as it is about to
return to the Legislature, I trust that no future ne-
cessity may call for its exercise by ihera, or its de-
legation to another department of the Government.
For the settlement of oor Northeastern boundary,
the proposition promised by  Great Britain for a
commission of exploration and survey, has been re-
ceived, and a counter project, including also a pro-
vision lor the certain and final adjustment of the li-
mits in dispute, is now before the British Government
for its consideration.     A just regard to the delicate
state of this question, and a proper respect for the
natural impatience of the State of Maine, not less
than a conviction that thfl negotiation has been al-
ready protracted longer than is prudent on the part
of either Government, have led me to believe that
the present favorable moment should on no account
be suffered to pass without putting the question for-
ever at rest.    I feel confident that the Government
of her Britannic Majesty will take the iame view
of this subject, as I am persuaded  it is governed
by desires equally strong and sincere for the ami-
cable termination of the controversy
I To the intrinsic difficulties of questions of boun-
| dary lines, especially tho^e described in regions un-
i occupied, and but partially known, is to be added
in our country the embarrassment necessarily aris-
ing cut of our Constitution, by which the General
Government is made the organ of negotiating, and
deciding upon the particular interests of the States
on whose frontiers these lines are to be traced. To
avoid another controversy in which a State Govern-
ment might rightfully claim to have her wishes con-
sulted, previously to the conclus on of conventional
arrangements concerning her rights of jurisdiction
or territory, I have thought it necessary to call
the attention of the Government of Great Britain to
another portion of our conterminous domi-
nion, of which the division still remains to be
adjusted. I refer to the line from the en-
trance of LaVe Superior to the most northwestern
point of the Lake of the Woods, stipulations for
the settlement of which are to be found in the
seventh article of the treaty of Ghent. The com-
missioners appointed under that article by the two
Governments having differed in their opinions,
made separate report?, according to i¡s stipulations,
upon the points of di agreement, and these dif-
ferences are now to be submitted to the arbitration
of some friendly sovereign or Slate. The disputed
points should be settled, and the line designated, be-
fore the Territorial Government, of which it is one
of the boundaries, takes its place in the Union as
a State; and I i<e'y upon the cordial co-operation
-''of ihe Bri'i-h Government to effect that object.
Tnere is every reason to believe that disturb-
ance? ¡ike those which lately agitated the neigh-
boring British Provinces will not again prove the
sources of border contentions, or interpose obsta-
cles to the continuance of that good understanding
which it is the mutual interest of Great Britain and
the United States to preserve and maintain.
"Within the Provinces themselves tranquillity is
restored, and on our frontier that misguided sym-
pathy in favor of what was presumed to be a gene-
ral effort in behalf of popular rights, and which
in some instances misled a few of our more inex-
perienced cit zc-ns, has subsided into a rational
conviction sirongly opposed to all intermeddling
with the internal affairs of our neighbors. The
people of th? United States feel, as it is hoped they
always will, a warm solicitude for the success i-f
all who are sincerely endeavoring to improve
the political condition of mankind. This generous
feeling they cherish towards the most distant na-
tion?; and it wa? natural, therefore, that it should
be awakened with more than common warmth in
behalf of their immediate neighbors. But it does
not belong to their character, as a community, to
Sfpk the gratification of those feelings in acts which
violate their duty as citizens, endanger the peace
of their country, and tend to bring upon it the stain
of a violated faith towards foreign nations. If,
zealous to confer benefits on others, they appear for
a moment to lose sight of the permanent obligations
imposed upon them as citizens, they are seldom
long misled. From all the information I receive,
confirmed to some extent by personal observation,
I am satisfied that no one can now hope to engage
in surh enterprises without encountering "public
indignation, in addition to the severest penalties of
the law.
Recent information alto leads me to hope that
the emigrants from her Majesty's Provinces, who
have sought refuge within our boundaries, are dis-
posed to become peaceable residents, and to ab-
stain f rem all attempts to endanger the peace of
that country which has afforded them an asylum.
On a review of the occurrences on both sides of
the line, it is satisfactory to reflect, that in almost
every complaint against our country, the offence
may be traced to emigrants from the Provinces who
have sought refuge here.   In the few instances iu
which they were aided by citizens of the United
S'ates, the acts of these misguided men were not
only indirect contravention of the laws and well
known wishes of their own Government, but met
with the decided disapprobation of the people of
the United States.
I regret to state the appearance of a different
spirit among her Majesty's subjects in the Cana-
das. The sentiments of hostility to our people and
nstitutions, which have been so frequently ex-
pressed there, and ¡he disregard of our rights which
have been manifested on some occasions, have, I
am sorry to say, been applauded and encouraged
by the people, and even by some of the subordi-
nate local authorities, of the Provinces. The chief
officers in Canada fortunately have not entertained
the same feeling, and have probably prevented
excesses that must have been fatal to the peace of
he two countries.
I look forward anxiously to a period when all
he transactions which have grown out of this con-
lition of our affairs, and which have been made
the subjects of comp'aint and remonstrance by the
two Governments respectively, shall be fully ex-
amine I, and the proper satisfaction given where it
is due from either side.
Nothing has occurred to disturb the harmony of
our intercourse with Austria, Belgium, Denmark,
France, Naples, Portugal, Prussia, Russia, or
Sweden. The internal state of Spain has
sensibly improved, and a well grounded hope
exists that the return of peace will restore to the
people of that country their former prosperity, and
enable the Government to fulfil all its obligations
at home and abroad. The Government of Portu-
gal, I have the satisfaction to state, has paid in full
the eleventh and last instalment due to our citi-
zens for the claims embraced in the settlement
made with it on the third of March, 1837.
I lay br fore you treaties of commerce negotiated
with the Kings of Sardinia and of the Netherlands,
the ratifications of which have been exchanged
sacc the adjournment of Congress. Thelibeial
principles of these treaties will recsmmend them to
your approbation. That with Sardinia is the first
treaty of commerce formed by that kingdom, and
it will, I trust, answer the expectations of the pre-
sent sovereign, by aiding the development of the
resources ot his country, and stimulating the enter-
prise of his people. That with the Netherlands
happily terminates a long existing subject of dis-
pute, and removes from our future commercial
intercourse all apprehension of embarrassment.
The King of the Netherlands has al ,o, in further
illustration of his character for justice, and of his
desire to remove every cause of dissatisfaction,
made compensation for an American vessel cap-
lured in 1800 by a French privateer, arid carried
in'.o Curaeoa, where the proceeds were appropri-
ated to the use of the colony, then, and for a short
time after, under the dominion of Holland.
The death of the late Sultan has produced no al-
teration in our relations with Turkey. Our newly
appointed Minister Resident has reached Constan-
tinople, and I have received assurances from the
present Ruler that the obligations of our treaty,
and those of friendship, will be fulfilled by himself
in the same spirit that actuated his illustrious father.
I regret to be obliged to inform you that no con-
vention for the settlement of the claims of our
citizens upon Mexico has yet been ratified by the
Government of that country. Tiie first conven-
tion formed for that purpose was not presented by
the President of Mexico for the approbation of its
Congress, from a belief that the King of Prussia,
the arbitrator in ca«e of disagreement in the joist
commission to be appointed by the United States
and Mexico, would not consent to take upon him.
self that friendly office. Although not entirely
satisfied with   the course pursued by Mexico, 4
