56th CoH «*"l8T SesS.
APPCTDiy TO THE CONGBE89tONAL GLOBE.
Message of the President.
j)cc. 18S9.
Sen. & H. oTR^JT
felt no hesitation in receiving in the most concilia 
tory «pint the explanation offered, and also cheer-
folly consented to a new convention, in order to
arrange the payments proposed to be made to our
citizens, in a manner which, while equally just to
them, was deemed less onerous and inconvenient
to the Mexican Government.   Relying canfklf ntly
upon the  intention  of that  Government,  Mr.
Ellis was directed to repair to Mexico, and diplo-
matic intercourse has been resumed between the
two countries.    The new convention has, he in-
forms ns, been recently submitted by the President of
that Republic to its Congress, under circumstances
which promise a speedy ratification; a result which
I cannot allow myself to doubt.
Instructions have been given to the Commis-
sioner of the United States' under our Convention
with Texas, for the demarcation of the line which
separates os fiom that Republic. The commis-
sioners of both Governments met in New Orleans
in Augnst last. The joint commission was or-
ganised, and adjourned to convene at the same
Slace on the twelfth of October. It is presumed to
t now in the performance of its duties.
The new Government of Texas has shown its
desire to cultivate frietdly relations with us, by a
prompt reparation for injuries complained of in
the eases of two vessels of the United States.
With Central America a convention has been
concluded for the renewal of its former treaty with
he United States. This was not ratified before the
departure of oar late Charge d'Arfaires from that
country, and the copy of it brought by him was not
received before the adjournment of the Senate at
the last session. In the mean while, the period li-
mited for the exchange of ratifications having ex-
pired, 1 deemed it expedient, in consequence of
the den  of the Charge d'Affaires, to send a spe-
cial agent to Central America, to close the affairs
of our mission mere, and to arrange with the Govern-
ment an extension of the time for the exchange of
ratifications.
The commission created by the States which
farmerly composed the Republic of Colombia, for
adjusting the claims against that Government, has,
by a very unexpected construction of the treaty
under which it acts decided that no provision was
made for those claims of citizens of the United
Sates which arose from captures by Colombian
privateers, and were adjudged against the claimants
in the judicial tribunals. This decision will com-
pel the United States to apply to the several Go-
vernments formerly united for redress. With all
these—New Granada, Venezuela, and Ecuador, a
perfectly good understanding exists. Our treaty
with Venezuela is faithfully carried into execution,
and that country, In the enjoyment of tranquillity,
is gradually advancing in prosperity under the
guidance of its present distinguished President, Ge-
neral Paez. With Ecuador, a liberal commercial
convention has lately been concluded, which will
be transmitted to the Senate at an early day.
With the great American Empire of Brazil our
relations continue unchanged, as does' our friendly
intercourse with the other Governments of South
America—the Argentine Republic.and the Republics
of Uruguay, Chili, Peru and Bolivia. The disso-
lution of the Peru-Bolivian Confederation may oc-
casion some temporary inconvenience to our citi-
zens in that quarter, bat the obligations on the new
Government  which have arisen ont of that Confe-
deration to observe its treaty stipulations, will no
doubt be soon understood, and it is presumed that
no indisposition will exist to fulfil those which it
contracted with the United States.
The financial operations of the Government da-
ring the present year have, I am happy to say, been
very successful.   The difficulties under which the
Treasury Department has labored from known de-
fects in the existing laws relative to the safe keep-
ing of the public moneys, aggravated by the sus-
pension of specie payments by several of the banks
holding public deposites, or indebted to public offi-
cers for notes received in payment ,of public dues,
have been surmounted to a very gratifying extent.
The large current expenditures ha «re been punctu-
•lly met, and the faith of the Government in all its
Mtoaiary concerns has been scrupulously main-
I Tue nineteen millions of Treasury notes autho-
rized by the act of Congress of 1837, and the
modifications thereof, with a view to the indulgence
of merchants on their c'u y bonds, and of the de-
posite banks in the payment of public moneys held
by them, have been so punctually redeemed as to
leave less than the original ten millions outstand-
ing at any one time, and the whole amount unre-
deemed now falls short of three millions. Of these
the chief portion is n >t due till next year, and the
whole would have been already extinguished could
the Treasury have realized the payments due to it
from the banks. If those due from tb-ra during
the next year shall be punctually made, and if Con-
gress shall keep the appropriations within the esti-
mates, there is every reason to believe that all the
outstanding Treasury notes can be redeemed, and
the ordinary expenses defrayed, without imposing
on the people any additional burden, either of loans
or increased taxes.
To avoid this, and to keep the expenditures within
reasonable bounds, is a duty, second only in im-
portance to the preservation of our national charac-
ter, and the protection of our citizens in their civil
and political rights. The creation, in time of peace,
of a debt likely to become permanent, is an evil for
which there is no equivalent. The rapidity with
which many of the States are apparently approach-
ing to this condition, admonishes us of our own
duties, in a manner too impressive to be disregard-
ed. One, not the least important, is to keep the
Federal Government always in a condition to dis-
charge, with ease and vig*r, its highest functions,
should their exercise be required by any sudden
conjuncture of public affairs—a condition to which
we are always exposed, and which may occur when
it is least expected. To this end, it is indispensable
that its finances should be untrammelled, and its
resources, as far as practicable, unincumbered. No
circumstance could present greater obstacles to the
accomplishment of these vitally important objects,
than the creation of an onerous national debt. Our
own experience, and also that of other nations,
have demonstrated the unavoidable and fearful ra-
pidity with which a public debt if increased, when
the Government has once surrendered itself to-the
ruinous practice ef supplying its supposed necessi-
ties by new loans. The struggle, therefore, on onr
part, to be successful, must be made at the thresh-
old. To make our efforts effective, severe econo-
.my is necessary. This is the surest provision for
(the national welfare; and it is, at the same time, the
best preservative of the principles on which oar in-
stitutions rest. Simplicity and economy in the af-
fairs of State have never failed to chasten and in-
vigorate Republican principles, while these have
been as snrely subverted by national prodigality,
under whatever specious pretexts it may have been
introduced or fostered.
These considerations cannot be lost upon a peo-
ple who have never been inattentive to the effect
of their policy upon the institutions they have
created for themselves; bat at the present moment
their forcéis augmented by the necessity which a
decreasing revenue mast impose. The check
lately given to importations of articles subject to
duties, the derangements in the operations of in-
ternal trade, and especially the i eduction gradually
taking place in our tariff of duties, all tend ma-
terially to lessen our receipts; indeed it is probable
that the diminution resulting from the last cause
alone, will not fall short of five millions of dollars
in the year 1842, as the final reduction of all duties
to twenty per cent, then takes effect. The whole
revenue then accruing from the customs, and from
the sales of public lands, if not more, will un-
doubtedly be wanted to defray the necessary
expenses of the Government under the,most
prudent administration cf Its affairs. These are
circumstances that impose the necessity of rigid
economy, and require its prompt and constant ex-
ercise. . With the Legislature rest the power and du'y
of so adjusting the public expenditure as to pro-
mote this end. By the provisions of the Constitu-
tion, it is only in consequence of appropria-
tions made by law, that money can be drawn
from the Treasury; no instance has occurred
since the establishment of the Government in
which the Executive, though g component part of
ttu Legislative power, has interposed an objectioi
to an appropriation bill on the s.ole ground of us
extravagance. His duty in this respect has been
consideted fulfilled by requesting such appropria-
tions only as the public service may be reasonably
expected to require. In the present earnest direc-
tion of the public miad towards this subject, both
the Executive and the Legislature have evidence
of the strict responsibility to which they will l>e
held; and while I am conscious of my own anxious
effotts to perform with fidelity th'S portion of my
public functions, it is a satisfaction to me to be
able to count on a cordial co-operation from you.
At the time I entered upon my present duties,
our ordinary dh-bursements—without including
those on account of the public debt, the post office,
and the trust funds in charge of the Government—
had been largely increased by appropriations for
the removal of the Indians, for repelling Indian
hostilities, and for other less urgent expenses which
grew out of anoveiflowing Treasury. Indepen-
dent of the redemption of the public debt and
trusts, the gross expenditures cf seventeen and
eighteen millions in 1834 and 1835 had, by the«e
cau es, swelled to twenty-nine millions in 1836;
and the appropriations fur 1837, made previously
to the fourth of March, caused the expenditure to
rise to the very large amountof thirty-three millions.
We were enabled during the year 1838, notwith-
standing the continuance of our Indian embarrass-
ments, somewhat to reduce this amount; and that
for the present year, 1839, will not in all probability
exceed twenty-six millions—or six millions less
than it was last year. With a determinaron so
far as depends on me to continue this reduction, I
have directed the estimates for 1840 to be subjected
to the severest scrutiny, and to be limited to the
absolute requirements of the public service. They
will be. found less than the expenditures of 1839 by
over five millions of dollars.
The precautionary measures which will be re-
commended by the Secretary of the Treasury, to
protect faithfully the public credit under the fluc-
tuations and contingencies to which our receipts
and expenditures are exposed, and especially in a
commercial crisis like the present, are commended
to your early attention.
On a former occasion your attention was invited
to various considerations in support of a pre-emp-
tion law in behalf of the settlers on the public
lands; and also of a law graduating the prices for
such lands as bad long been in the market unsold,
in consequence of their inferior quality. The exe-
cution of the act which was passed on the first sub-
ject has been attended with the happiest conse-
quences, in quieting titles, and securing improve-
ments to the industrious; and it has also, to a very
grat tying extent, been exempt from the frauds
which were practised under previous pre-emption
laws. It has, at the same time, as was anticipated,
contributed liberally during the present year to the
receipts of the Treasury.
The passage of a graduation law, with the guards
before recommended, would also, I am persuaded,
add considerably to the revenue for several years,
and prove in other respects just and beneficial.
Your early consideration of the subject is, there-
fore, once more earnestly requested.
The present condition of the defences of onr
principal seaports and navy yards, as represented
by the accompanying report of the Secretary of
War, calls for the early and serious attention of
Congress; and, as connecting itself intimately with
this subject, I cannot recommend too strongly to
yonr consideration the plan submitted by that offi-
cer for the organization of the militia of the United
States.
In conformity with the expressed wishes of Con-
gress, an attempt was made in the spring to termi-
nate the Florida war by negotiation. . It is to be
regretted that these humane intentions should have
been frustrated, and that the effort to bring these
unhappy difficulties to a satisfactory conclusion
should have failed. But, after entering into solemn
engagements with the Commanding General, >be
Indians, without any provocation, recommenced
their acts of treachery and murder. The renewal
of hostilities in that Territory renders it necessary
that I shonid recommend to yew favorable cowf
