090. 183ft'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGltESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Coito...... I st Sbss.
¡szti
New Jerney Que tion—Mr. Colquitt.
H. of Reps.
of a community like odra. Oar surplus profits, the
energy and industry of oar population, and the
wonderful advantage* which Providence has be*
Mowed apon oar country, in its climate, its vn
rioos productions, indispensable to other natioas,
will, in doe time, afford abundant means to perfect
the most useful of those objects, for which the S ates
hare been pronging themselves of (ate ia embar-
rassment and debt, withoat imposing oil ourselves
or oar children sochf earful bordeas.
Bat let it be indelibly engraved on our minds
that relief is not to be found in expedients. In-
debtedness cannot be lessened by borrowing more
money, or by changing the form of the debt. The'
balance of trade is not to be tamed in onr favor by
creating aew dáñanos upon as abroad. Our
currency cannot'be improved by the creation of
new banks,, or more issues from those which
now exist. Although these devices sometimes
appear to give temporary relief, they almo«t inva-
riably aggravate the evtl ia the end. It is only by-
retrenchment and reform, by cut tailing public and
private expenditures, by paying our debt?, and by
reforming: our banking system, that we are to ex-
pect effectual relief, security for the future, and an
enduring prosperity. In shaping the institutions
and policy of the General Government so as to
promote, as far as it «an with its limited powers,
the*e important ends, you nay rely on my most
cordial co-operation.
That there should have been, in the progress of
recent events, doubts in many quarters, land in
some a heated opposition to every change, can-
not surprise us.   Doubts are properly attendant on
all reform; and it is peculiarly in the nature of
such abuses as we are now encountering; to seek to
perpetuate their power by means of the influence
they have been permitted to acquire.   It is their
result, if not their object, lo gaia*for the few an
ascendency over the many, by securing to them a
monopoly of the currency, the medium through
which most of the wantsof mankind are supplied—
to produce throughout society a chain of dependence
which leads alt classes to look to privileged associa-
tions for the means of speculation and extravagance,
—to nourish, in preference to die manly virtues
mat give dignity to human nature, a craving desire
for hurarioos enjoyment and sudden wealth, which
leaders those who seek them dependent on those
who supply them—to substitute for Republican sim-
plicity and economical habits a sickly appetite for
effeminate indulgence, and an imitation of that
reckless   extravagance  which' ímpoveíished   and
enslaved the industrious people of foreign lands;
and at last, to fix upon us, instead of those equal
political rights, the acquisition of whicn was alike
the object   and   supposed isward   of our   Re-
volutionary   struggle,   á   system*  of   exclusive
privileges    conferred     by    pan*,     rgislauon.
To  remove    the   ináoences   which   had ■, thus
gradually grown up among us—to deprive them
of their deceptive advantages—to test them  by
the light of wisdom and truth—to oppose the force
which they concentrate   n their support—all this
was necessarily the work of time, even among a
people so enlightened and pure as that of the United
State*.   In m -t other countries, perhaps, it could
only be accomplished through that series of revoló 
tkmary movements, which are too often found ne-
cessary to effect any great and radical reform; but it
is the crowning merit of our i nstitnbons, t oat iney
crea  and nourmh in the vast majority of our peo-
ple, a disposition and answer peaceably to remedy
abuses which have elsewhere caused- the effusion
of rivers of blood, and the saennce of thousands of
the haman race.   The result thus far is most bono 
rabie I© the «-If denial, the intelligence, and me
patriotism of our citizen ; it justifies the confident
hope that they will «any through the reform which
hasbeen so well begon.tmd that they will go still
lartner than they hare yet gone in illustrating the
important truth, that a people as free and enlight-
ened as onrs, will, whenever it "becomes necessary,
Show   themselves to b> indeed capable of self-
government by voluntarily adopting appropriate
remed-es for every abuse, and sebm tfiag «o tempo-
rary sacrincep, nowever great, to insure their per-
manent welfare.                                      .    r
My own exertion  or the furtherance of these
desirable objects have been bestowed throughout
my official career with a seal that is nourished by
ardent wishes' or the welfare of my country, and
by an unlimited reliance on the wisdom that marks
its ultimate decision on all great and contro-
verted questions. Impressed with the solemn obli-
gations mposed upon me by the Constitution, desi-
rous also of laying before my fellow citizens, with
whose confidence and support I have been so
highly honored, such measures as appear to me
conducive te their prosperity—and anxious to sun
mil to their fullest consideration toe grounds upon
which my opinions are formed, I have on this, as
on preceding occasions, freely offered my views
on these points of domestic policy that seem, at
the present time, most prominently to require the
action of the Government. I know that they will
receive from Congress that full and able consider-
ation which the importance of the subjects merit
andl can, repeat the assurance heretofore made,
that I shall cheerfully and-readily co-operate with
youi a everv measure that will tend to promote the
welfare of the Dm«n.
Dkcxmbsr 3,1839.        M. VAN BUREN.
When the message was read, Mr. ALLEN rose
and said:
Mr. Pacasurrr Courtesy has, I am aware,
made it the custom for a Senator representing the
Stat  from wh'eh the President coats, and agreeing
with him in political sentiments, to move «he prim-
ing of his annual message; yet the Senator free 
New York will, I believe, excuse the deep
feeling which prompts me ihus to rise, and ia the
exultation of renewed hope, excited by this paper,
for the future security of our institutions and wel-
fare of the people, submit that motion my-etf.
If, standing in this pace, ihe frien<1 of all, the
enemy of none, I may he allowed to address a
s ngte request to the whole body of my coon>rymea,
it is, that each man of them witi deliberately
consider this message, and that part of it, espe-
emlty, which relates' to corporation", banks, and
thecur.ency.
To guaranty forever the rights, the happiness of
individual man—to protect the feeble against the
rapacity'of the strong—the whole against the com*
binatiorw of the pars, by an equal distribution of
hardens and of blessings among all—was the cardi-
nal object of our civit institutions. But, notwvh-
sunding th s thee rights have been violated—this
happine.-s perilled Whig rapaeity«ilowed--tbeBecoHi<-
binationsformed—-and mis equality destroyed. These
things have been done, and that, too, under the au-
thority of law. Corporations innumerable freckle
the face of the land. Corporations which, not
content with absolute power over the currency-*
ever the property—over the labor of the en-
tire people, now seek to reader themselves im-
mortal, and their dominion complete, by po-
litical associations. Hence - has arisen die pa-
par'system, wih all its-'Complexity of fraud
and oppression; hence the pending strife between
man and monopoly; and hence it U that the world
now beholds ftis nation «ragging, hke the fa-
bel Laovoon, to di-engage us own body, and
the bodies of i s sons, frunvthe fatal cml of a
se'pea*, whose convulsive energies have com-
prised those be tus well nga untodea'h.
When, in 1837, after the universal crash of th*
bankmg sy ttm, the President .e¿ommended its
severance from the Government, and the Govern-
ment's ré-tora lion to its ancient potiey, fee
pe pie, unprepa ed alike for the tuiii around
them, or the remedy p-epo?ed, remained, for
a m"ment, equally conioanded by both* Slate
after State reeled from is perpendicular and slid
from bs support; politic an alter politician flvd -for
salety-cr for soeeor 10 the arms of bis foes; yet he,
almost atone, aiwdst the general consternation,
amidst the desertions of the venal and the
shrieks cf the tioud, sood unappaUed—con-
fiding, ae be ever fcas, doe , and ever will,
in that "sober second thought" of bis coun-
trymen, wh'ch« "never wrong, and. always tñV
t;ient." An i mam, sir, sustain rd by the miiurtd
jadg<aeM<<f a grairfut people— grateful iolin,,bc*
cause he was fanhfol te thtm—faithlul, *v*a at a
t me when that very fidelity «as at the hazard of
their dispieasore^-the President present  again
to his fellow-citiztns a chart of principle , by
which, if with skill we steer this our poli-
tical ark, freighted as it is with our hopes and.
our defines, it will bear us onward in safety and
in peace, however violent the storm of exasperated
passions.
Mr. A. concluded by moving that fifteen hun-
dred copies of ihe message and documents, and five
thousand additional copies of the message, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The resolution was unanimously agreed to.
DEBATE ON THE NEW JERSEY QUESTION.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, December 9—In continuation.
The House having under consideration the ap-
peal of Mr. Vandxrpoel from the decision of that
Chair touching the votes to be counted from New
Jer^oy, and the immediate question pending being
as to permitting Mr. Duncan to lead certain docu-
ments—after several gentlemen had addressed the
House, as heretofore published—
Mr. COLQUITT of Georgia said, although he
did not flatter himself that, at this advanced stage
of ihe debate, he should have it in hs jntaer to say
any thing new or interesting, he bad concluded
that, if the process of organisation must here
be arrested, and their time be occupied by tputk
making, they had 'as well at least have variety.
Talented gentlemen had time and again addressed
this body, and, unless they had been unfortunate
ia their positions and arguments, from their fins 
quent reiterations of the same sentiments, they cer-
tainly, by this time, understood their opinions. If,
therefore, said Mr. C. the House is not to be or-
ganized, and our time is to be occupied in debate,
1 trust every gentleman who has not spoken will
induct himself in his seat by making a tfteth. I
have a few remarks to make, which I hope will be
received with indulgence. In these remarks I have
here no party friend  to propitiate; t have no po-
litical enemies to abuse. 1 stand here untrammelled
by the bonds of party organization—uncontrolled
by any consideration, save such as may best com-
port with (be credit and respectability of this body
and the honor of our common conntry. It is surely
time that some-definite step should be taken. This
discussion has continued long enough for the; naked
purposes of party. An honorable gentleman has
said, matter is here to be served up for, the people.
I protest against the continuance of this discussion,
at this üme, foi any such, purpose; and, if enough
has not been done and.,said to excite popular pre-
judice, and satisfy parly management, let gentle-
men resort to the.  pariy presses, whose managers
are ever ready, able, and willing to be the chan-
nels of communication to the country, but let it not
be, done at public cost, and at the expense of our
charac. t rs as Representatives. It is a pity that
this controversy could not have been settled by
the contending members from Itew Jerjay* among
themselves; they ought best to fcnow/ffbaf should
be the ultimate determination. No^rhaviog done
so, and still unwilling to do so, üra to be met,by
us. I would ask gentJemen, in aJJfcandor, whether,
in oar present unorganized^ conition, we possess
any powers, either legislative^ executive,' or judi-
cial} Are we now JrepaidT to pass laws? No
member sworn, no qonniin/ormcd, no House or-
ganized? And can yindcercise a ¡-till more so-
lemn and important 1 abonen of a legislative body,
by hearing, judging,* and determining questions?
Surely not. .No tribunal has yet been organized
competent to pass upon the rights of these claim-
ants. Suppose ihat yon proceed now with the tes-
timony; that you give it a patient and impartial
bearing—scrutinize the law of the case—hear at-
tentively every argument—arrive at a just conclu-
sion, and then pronounce your judgment. To what
will it all amount) Sir, it will, amount emphati-
cally to nothing. You pave no power to enforce
your decision J>nt by the sword. We have no more
right, in our present situation, to adjudicate wis
qnes ion,, than any other body of ciuzens  ^ might
iUemble <m the CapUol HiU.   Why, then, lead
thiough the. form of a vial?   We have not t.u, 
