8
APPENDIX TO THEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26fii CoMt «—l6T Skss.
NewJersty Question—Mr. Colquitt.
H
Dec 1839.
of Reps.
?*•>*
the oath under the Constitution; we are not yet in
office, empowered to decile judicially.    Is it as-
sumed that, because we have been elected in our
respective Sutes, and have oar commissions in
our pockets, therefore we have the right to decide
that our evidence is good as to our eligibility,
while other gentlemen, presenting the same evi-
dence, we declare to be bad?   The argument is
preposterous—the assumption unjust and arbitrary.
Present this question in as many different aspects
as you please, and at last, the only sound solution
is, by recognising prima Jaeie all  who exhibit the
testimonials of their States, under the laws of their
States, that they are their Representatives.   It had
never occurred to the framers of the Constitution
that party spirit would ever be so excited as to
question, before organizing the House, such com-
mission as the Sute should by law give its mem-
bets.   Such certificates of membership, in accord-
ance with the laws of the Stales respectively, place
all  who possess  them upon equality.    But is
is said that it is proper that stfch as have their
seats contested,  should  stand  aside  until this
question is determined. This opinion frees us from
none of the difficulties which now embarrass this
meeting. The mere contesting a member's «eat can-
not, sorely, lessen prim  facie the validity of theeom-
-  mission which he has received under the law.   The
"    certificate or commission which be holds by. the
law of his State is certainly valid and of force
v under the Constitution, ontil, by legal process, it
■ball be vacated or set aside.   And how can this
be done until a constitutional tribunal shall be or-
ganized?   Each House shall be the judge of the
-elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
me nberc.   But, by virtue of oar elections, and
having assembled at the .place appointed for the
•  meeting of Congress, are we, before taking the
oath of effict, constituted judges, with power to
vacate, and set aside- the commissions which an
held by State authority?   A* well might a judge
of one of year courts, who bad received his ap-
poiaimeot, undertake to determine a cause at law
before he had taken the oath of office,   I regret to
hear gentlemen, whose professed sentiments are in
accordance with my own on constitutional ques-
tions, and with whom, on many subjects, I have
expected to act, advance doctrines equally at war
with precedent and law, and declare in favor of
tearing loose from their trammels, in order to carry
oat their notions ef the popular wilU                   «
'   We must arrive at our rights by legal means,
and any assumption or usurpation of power is
dangerous, and should be discarded, although it
may sometimes happen that we suffer a temporary
loss by delay.   In the case now before us, if you
establish the principle contended for by those who
oppose the New Jersey. members in  taking their
seats, the practical result will be that the next
Congress must recede and abandon the principle,
or this will be the last Congress that will ever be
held.   High .excitement may induce the  minority
party, chagrined and maddened by defeat, by con-
cert of action, to prepare the means, concoct the
plan, and execute their purpose of having the re-
turns of every election in the Union contested;
'whether well founded or capricious, no judgment
could be made, for, as the seats of all would be
contested, no judges would be left to decide, and
consequently no House, could be formed.   The
'necessity exists of recognising such members as
are commissioned by the authorities of their respec-
tive States, as primarily entitled to then* seats.
Organize the House, and you hare then formed a
tribunal competent to collect testimony, examine
witnesses, and decide such seats as may be con-
tested;   and every such judgment   and decision
would be the law of that particular case, and ca-
pable of being executed and enforced.     Until
these regular steps are taken, no body or assem-
blage of men can tear a member's commission from
his hands,   or deny him the privileges granted
to others.     Such a contest as the present  may
not often arise.   The equal division of parties,
connected with the members gained or lost by the
decision no w to be tnade,arraysgent!enen under their
party banners, resolving to ííght .over every inch of
groand which 'may be, made available in the coir-
test.   Asi belong to neither of the great parties
that divide the Hall, I am prepared to aid either
in carrying out such principle  and measures as I
may think consistent with the laws and the Consti-
tution.   But it is urged that permitting gentlemen
to take their seats who, after examination, shall be
found to have been rejected by the people, may do
great injustice by participating in some of its most
important  business.   This is   true,  and against
which I would raise my voice by way of caution,
and beg of gentlemen for their own sake, for the
sake of the House, and for the sake of the party
of which they are members, to make no feigned
issue, to exercise no technical advantage, claim no
honors of which investigation will strip them, take
no. seat of which they may be ultimately deprived
to  their mortification   and   disgrace.   No   party
should be so anxious for power as to press the
claims of those who are not the choice of their
constituents, and such advantage now would of
necessity result to its injury in the end.
This fear of injury from a false step or improper
position is ordinarily of sufficient force to prevent
imposition, and it is all that is recognised under
our form of Government. The adoption of any
ether principle or organization than the receiving
such as were commissioned under authority of law,
would leave as without a guide. The honorable
gentleman from New York [Mr. Vanderpoel] in-
sisted upon the propriety of reading other testimony,
of introducing the polls, and then stopping the in-
quiry. He asserts thai the clerks held back the
returns for fraudulent purposes, and that the re-
turns give a majority of the votes to the contesting
members . Examine the position that he occupies,
and see the result. We must take his word that
tha clerks, the Governor, and the eommissioned
delegates are, all of the same politics—into this
matter we can make no inquiry. We must take his
word that the clerks fraudulently held back the re-
turns, in oraer to defeat the election of the
contesting members, and no testimony can
be introduced, if any such exists, to show
that they added to the polls after the election,
that the returns were held back for the aid
and benefit of the contesting members. The
gentleman -desires'to go behind the commission by
producing the poll book, add yet granted we could
not purge the ballot boxes. Do you not perceive,
sir, that this system would be unjust? If we com-
mence the trial, We should go through with the
trial? which, for the reasons 1 have already given,
we are incompetent to do in our present condition.
If the clerks and the Governor have practised a
fraud npon the people, and by trick and manage-
ment have commissioned delegates against their
will, the party whose members are thus defeated
may console themselves by knowing that the peo-
ple know it, and will speak a language to those
public servants that <lhey will be compelled to un-
derstand. Go" on with organizing the House; let
the constitutional tribunal be erected; then exhibit
the proofs, and if it be such a case as, has been
represented, I will, by pen, vote, and speech, aid
in their expulsion. But shall it be that, regardless
of precedent, regardless of the Constitution, aad
regardless of law, the mere force of numbers shall
march on to the accomplishment of their wishes,
determine questions important in- their bearing,
upon tx parte and garbled testimony, and by supe-
rior force have their deterainaiions executed) if
this be what is understood by Democracy, I, for one;
desire to be saved from it. These are not the pub-
lished opinions of the Democratic party; this is not
the faith they profess to believe. Majorities, in no
Government, need any protection; laws are in their
way; forms, technicalities, and special pleadings,
are but cobweb restraints to the arm of power.
But they afford the only protection to minorities—
their safety consist  in holdis* on to the moral
force of ths law, in fighting behind the bulwarks
of the Constitution, and shielding themselves by all
the fixed principles of Government. A majority
can move on to the attainment of its purpose, dis-
regarding all these little restraints, and ever and
anon, as in their strides they trample down the
law  and the Constitution, cry out the pteple, we
are thcltd by the people, we are the people's friendt.
It is ene ef the reasons why majorities are usually
the most eerrupt—they ittbstiiate their wills for the
law, and scorn the few and feeble, who u  e bar-
riers to interrupt iher success. Honorable gen-
tlemen have said that necessity imposes upon us a
law. Agreed. But are not the precedent  of the
House the results of this law of necessity ev er since
the formation of the Government'? And when any
bedy of men urge the law of necessity as a rule of
action, they will surely grant that the law ceases
with the necessity. This Hou^-e is in the process
of organization. What then is necessary for the
completion of this purpose? No more than simply
to examine the credentials presented, and s^e tha:
they are in due form of law; that they have the tes-
timony recognised by the laws of the respective
States.
The power necessiry to orgwz? surely dues not
w.vrant the cximination of witnesses and a mock
trial before we ourselves have been sworn. The call-
ing the names by tie Clebk, commencing at Maine,
was for the s?ke of order, and to prevent coif'u-ion.
In point of legal risht one State had no prei'eience
over another; nor one gentleman a greater rmht to
demand that h  should first be sworn than Another.
It is true that, in the rush to thf Clerk's, drsk for
qualifications, stronger competitors mi?!it crowd
me from the ai<le—some man more muscular than
myself might trample me do^vn; but none would
have the nsht, by virtue of his commission, to say,
Stand back; I am worthier than thou. But, in
whatever condition as to position I might be found,
I could hold up the commission—the authority of
my State—and none could dare deny but my au-
thority was as valid as his. It has been «aid that
the certificate of election under the authorities of
the State is not primo facie evidence of election,
but that "we must go to the polls." If this doc-
trine be recognised as true, how many gentlemen
here can exhibit primo Jacie evidence that they are
entitled to occupy seats on this lloor? &ir, have
you the polls? Have you? or you? Who has the
ballot boxes in his pocket? None; and yet, to suit
the New Jersey case, it is insisted that this alone
is prima facie evidence. The Governor of New
Jersey has been abused. And why? Because he has
felt himself constrained to carry out the Jaw of his
State. As to the facts in this case I am not yet in-
formed, nor do I intend to be,.until I am consti-
tuted a judge under the law. It   extremely inde-
licate, if not unjust, for those before whom a case
is to be tried to prejudge its merits, and approve or
condemn before hearing all the proofs. The Go-
vernor may strictly have discharged his duty under
the law, notwithstanding the contesting members
may have received a majority of the votes polled
at the election. I will mention a case that occurred
a few years ago under the laws of the State of
Georgia; and I mention it because those gentlemen
who are inclined to speak harshly of the Go-
vernor of New Jersey will not, dare not, ques-
tion either the ability or integrity of him who
filled the Executive chair at the time of its oc-
currence. The Hon. John Forsyth was the Go-
vernor of Geoigia. When, among others, George
R. Gilmer was elected a member of Congress,
no doubt existed as to his election—it was offi-
cially proclaimed; and yet, by the law of Georgia,
it was necessary that the member elect should sig-
nify his acceptance within —— days. Mr. QU-
mer was absent from the State, and, deeming this
requisition a mere matter of form, neglected to
comply. The Governor, rh pursuance of the law,
declared .the seat vacant, and ordered a new elec-
tion. This House was not troubled with a contest;
a new election took place, when Col. Henry G.
Lamar was elected. The Governor, owing his
allegiance to his State, and sworn to execute her
laws, in the discharge of his duty may thwart the
wishes ef partisans and excite their ire, when be
must receive the approbation of the calm and re-
flecting. 1- repeat, sir, that, first of ail, let the
House be organized in the usual way; then ferret
out and expose fraud, if it exists. And shi uld it
turn out that the Governor of the State of New
Jersey has loaned his hiph trust to.effect the dirty
work of parly, and prostituted his office <o accom-
plish selfish purposes, the decision that we make
and the verdict that we render will tell out, in lan-
guage that shall burn, our feelings of contempt and
indignation.   ; •.      -  -       t
