Dec. 18S&
26th Cong.......IstSess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Nisbet.
H. of Keps.
Mr. NISBET of Georgia said that the impor-
tance oí the principles involved in this debate was
hb apology tor the remarks h* was about to pre-
sent ¡o the consideration o( (he House. In the un-
organized state of the body, (said Mr. N.) it ap-
pears ta be necessary that those who address, you,
Mr. Chainmn, should exhibit unquestioned au-
thority to speak. I am one of the delegation from
Georgia, sir. I mention this fact, not because I
claim for my State any paramount excellence, but
because I am solicitous that she should declare
here the posit.on she occupies Strangers as are
movt of her members in this Hill, it would seem
well enough that she be announced. I speak, then,
by authority of one of the sovereign States of the
Confederacy. I exhibit to you, sir, as my colleague
did a few days since, the evidence of her will. I
ho'd in my hand the commission of her Governor,
wnh ihe great seal of State appended. That seal
speaks oí her sovereignty—it announces me oae of
her Representatives. Upon its face is the escutch-
eon of the 6taie. Her motto is Wisdom, Justice,
and Moderation. And, although what I may say,
sir, may not be stamped with much of wisdom, jet i
trust it will be charactenzed by justice and mode-
ration.
An honorable gentleman asked, the other day,
"Where will the Slate of Georgia stand upan this
que-tiorl" He was pleased to say the mangnant-
mous State ot Georgia. He made the inquiry
wuh pride, as I thought, in the characer of
tie Sate. lam sure 1 felt an honest pride m
hearing my noble State thus designated. The
inquiry, sir, thrilled through my spirit. I will
tell you, sir; I will tell the gentleman from Ma-
ryland where she stands. She stands where
her Slate Rights politicians have planted her
in limes gone by—she stands upon the ramparts
of the Constitution. She stands where she stoed
when you, sir, administered tre Federal Govern-
ment; when her own great Troup resisted success-
fully Federal bayonets basiling upon her borders,
and Federal usurpation assailing her rights. She
stands where she stood when one of her most elo-
quent sons, now a high officer in the Government,
announced upon this loor that "he was ready for
trial." She stands now, and I trust will ever
stand, the defender of the rights of the States guar-
antied to them tinder the Federal Constitution.
Passing over the merely incidental question now
more immediately before the Hou-e, I shall pro-
ceed to consider those points of controversy which
have bfen so much canvas&ed. From the State of
.New Jersey, then, it has been announced to us by
the Clerk that there are two sets of applicants for
the right and honor ot representing her in the Con-
gress of the United Slates. Ten claimants for five
keats in this Hall. Both of these contending New
Jersey delegations have laid upon the table of the
Clerk evidence of elections. One of them exhi-
b t the commission of the Governor of New Jersey,
under the seal of the State; the other has evidence,
which has not been read, but which, we are told,
eMablisb.es the fact that they did receive the majo-
rity of votes polled by the fieemen of New Jersey.
This stale oí facts, sir, involves, to my mind, two
inquiries.
First, what is the legal and constitutional rule by
which, in this stage oí the House, the rights of
those confl ctmg claimant  to the honor of repre-
senting New Jersey shall be determined?
Second, what is the mode of action to be adopted
in making that ru e operative?    Upon an  inquiry
m*de of you, sir, the other day, yoa, a  Chairman
ot this body, determined that those delegates from
New Jersey, hoUlmg the evidences of election ac-
corimgto the Construt on ot the United State  and
the laws of New Jersey, should vote up<,n a ques-
tion then depending.   You thus pronounced a rule
by which not only ¡he right of the claimants to seats
*" th'i! Walt should be ascertained; but also one by
\*hich this House should regulate its action.     Í
agree with you, sir, that this is the only safe rule.
Ihe propnM'.un 15 true—legally,  constitutional y
true, and is m acaonlance with  the princip <?s of
Goiern-nent which I have been taught to honor
and revere.    In the mode of applying this  rule, I
shall differ with you.     The Constitution of the
Union is m this case paramount, authoritative, and
commanding; it speaks in the voice of injunction.
By that instrument it is provided  that the S'ates
sha11 by law prescribe the time, place, and manner
of holding elections for members of the Congress of
the United Slates.    It also provides for a power in
the Congress of the United State  to  alter by its
own legislation  the time,   place,  and manner of
electing Representatives.    And in all cases where
the laws of a State, prescribing the time, place,
and manner of electing her Representative?-, have
not been repealed by Congress, those laws are as
obligatory upon all the departments of the  State
and Federal Governments as  the Constitution it-
self.    By failing to exercise the repealing power,
Congress and the Constitution do actually confirm,
adopt, and ratify those laws.     The right of the
State to enact them and to have them enforced, be-
comes thu* as perfect as any other right secured to
her by constitutional grant or prohibition.     The
right of selecting  her own Representatives, and
that, too, in her own  way, is a sovereign right,
which you, sir, and I, and all others, are bound by
all the sanctions of the Federal compact to respect.
You will observe, sir, that the States are  clothed
with power to determine the manner of electing.
The manner of electing, sir, must mean the form of
certifying and commissioning the elect when the
polls are closed, as well as other things.    If, then,
the laws of New Jersey do declare that the result
of httr Congressional elections shall be  declared,
published, and ascertained by the commission of
her Governor, under the great seal of the State,
such commission, so authenticated, is as obligatory
upon us, upon all, as any provision whatever of
the Federal Constitution.   It, therefore, follows to
my mind demonstrably true, that you were right
when you announced to the House that those who
have the evidence of election according to ihe Con-
stitution and laws of New Je^ey are entitled to
sit and vete upon this floor until the House is fully
organized, and the equity of the polls of New Jer-
sey have been ascertained by the committee of the
House.
But, Mr. Chairman, this rule being conceded,
there must be some plan of action by which it may
become practically available; otherwise, it is-but
an ideal abstraction—a name without power—a
judgment without a process or a ministerial agent
We are not men, sir, spell-bound with constitu-
tional fatalicism . We are practical men. Our
system of Government is eminently practical; its
provisions are des gned for use—not for admira-
tion—for deification. The system must work, and
thus far, sir, in the mam, it has worked well. It
was contended in the outlet of this debate that the
Clerk, the then agent, was bound to respect the
Goven or'  commission, and proceed at once to the
call of those men who held it. So thought I. But
it will not surely be asserted that he had then the
power and authoritative control over this matter,
and that there was no power in the House to ob-
ject to the judgment he might pronounce. You,
sir, it seems to me, occupy to the House the same
relative position that the Clerk occupied before
your nomination to the Chair. You are both but
the mere agents of the body who chose to use you,
acting on!y by derived authority—having in your-
selves, by virtue of your appointments, no inhe-
rent or legal ability to determine conclusively any
thing. Would it be contended for a moment that
the agent has a power greater than his principal—
that, sitting as you do in the very presence of those
who appointed you, you can bind them irreversibly
by your determinations'' Surely not. The Clerk
did make a decision, or rather he deel ned to call
any of the claimants from New Jersey—thus in
fact rejecting the whole.
It was said that he was bound imperiously, by
his oath of erfic , by the Constitution aid laws, to
proceed with the call of the Jersey Whigs. He
thought differently, and up.m that ih >ught he acted.
What, then, sir, was to be done? Standstill? We
did stand sull, and rather ignominiously s'lll We
presented a strange spectacle—the vast machmeiy
of Government of in  greatempire blocked by the
decision of an anomalous officer, for whom no
powers have been claimed but those merely minis-
terial. What not this the time at which the voice
of the Constitution became bat a creature of the
mind' According to the opinion of tho^e who
deny to the House the power of acting, were not
the Constitution and laws then silent—not in
awns, but in peace, silent? The Clerk refused
even to put a vote, and by this refusal all the de-
partments of the Government were at rest, for there
is in fact no Government whilst a co-ordinate de-
partment denies to itself even the power of pre-
liminary organization. So, sir, jou determined that
those who ho d the Governor's commissions should
vote. Was your decision imperatively controlling?
You pronounced, as I bel.eve, a constitutional
truth. But, sir, under your decision, you yourself,
with a power above and beyond the House, pro-
nounced judgment under the Constitution and
laws; or you clothed y our tellers, upon a division
of the House, with authority to determine who did
in fact hold the evidence of election from New
Jersey. From your decision an appeal was taken,
and the House, as I believe rightfully, took this
matter into its own hands.
But the power to determine at all in the case be-
fore us is denied. It is asserted that no man has
a right to question here the commisMon of the Go-
vernor of a sovereign State given in conformity
wnh her laws. Sir, I admit the latter proportion,
but I contend that there must rest somewhere a
power to juf,ge and determine who does, in fact, hold
the commission of New Jersey's Governor, given in
conformity with JVtio Jersey's iitos And 1 hold that
those who present themselves here as the uncon-
tested Representatives of the States are clothed
with that power; and that, so far as this election is
concerned, this is the only power with which they
are clothed. This is the tribunal to judge of that
one fact—to declare and record its judgment, and,
when pronounced, the judgment is final. What,
I sir, if the tribunal determine wrongfully? Suppose
t it does not pronounce in favor of right and law?
' Why, sir, those who thus wrongfully determine—
who infract the Constitution, and disfranchise a
sovereign State, are amenable to conscience, to
God, to the Union, and to mankind. Such, su, I
understood your opinion to be the other day, when
you so earnestly exhorted the House to organiae.
Such seems to have been your opinion when, at
the last session of Congress, you offered a resolu-
tion to meet the contingency uhich has now oc-
curred. This opinion came to us with the sanc-
tion of your great age and great character. You
spake as one having authority. It is the opinion
of one, around whose venerable head cluster thick-
ly the laurels of politics and of literature. For
one, I believed the opinion correct.
I do not claim for the House, in its inorganic
state, plenary powers over this contested elect.on.
It cannot go behind the evidence upon your table.
It cannot purge the New Jersey polls. When or-
ganized, by the Constitution it is made the judge of
ths elections, returns, and qualifications of it- own
members Then, sir, it can sift the poll', rectify
all mistakes, and enforce, in fact, the voice of the
voting power. This has been demonstrated by
several gentlemen, but by none with more conclu-
sive force than by my friend an I colleague [Mr.
Cooper] Who are we? The Representatives of
(he people, elected un ler the Constitution of the
Union and the laws of the States fiom wh nc- we
come. By State and constitutunal mandate we
are hpre, and, when our right  to seats are not
questioned, we are, in truth, thp Hou--e of Repre-
stntat'vcs, clothed with all powers necessary to
full and final organization. The Const tution de
clares that the House of Representatives shall be
composed of members elected by the several States,
&c. And, by constitutional presumption, we are
elected when no one questions it. Taink you that
the Constitution, or, rather, its framers, contem-
plated for one moment the as«ernbtege of a rrob,
claiming to be the House of Repre eniativcvi No
mi re so than it contemplated any other act of re-
bellion or of usurpation The Constitution further
provides that the Congress <-hall assemble, &c. Its
language is mandat< ry. lis command «s to ensem-
ble, and ex vt termini to o'gamz . How, as-err ble
as an organized body? No, for that is an impact -
cabiluy. That would be io assnnv, mostabsnrdlv,
that to be done, which we are commanded to as-
semble   for   the   purpose   of doing.    In   all the
