10
AFPENTHX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&6TH CoHfi'-'lST Scss.
Dec. 1839.
New Jtrtey Question—jtírl Black.
H. of Reps.
sessions of both Houses of Congress there ia a point
of time intervening between the assembling and the
organizing of the body—that is the time being.
There is also a state of political being, in which we
live, and are vital for certain purposes, but are
still the inorganic embryo of foil maturity. Such
is our present state. In this state we must proceed
to throw off our chrysalis attributes. Otherwise,
w* are doomed to perpetual embryo—else we shall
remain forever inchoate, and shall continue
thiooghout all time t* transitu. The tinta is, sir,
disguise it as we may, unless we have the power of
organization, the Government is dissolved. One of
the things to be done, and which is necessary to
organization, is to determine who, in ease of con-
flicting claims, are entitled to ait; or, in other
words, who, in fact, have the highest and best prima
/«ei« evidence of being elected, according to the
Constitution and laws of the Sute from which they
come. Do you not perceive, sir, inasmuch as we*
can do nothing—can discharge none of our appro-
priate duties until organ zation—that, therefore, we
are necessarily clothed with power to organize? It
seems to follow as a matter of course. The law
being silent as to the manner of organization, we
are left to take such coime as enlightened
reason, drawing her conclusion from the Constitu-
tion by necessary inference, may suggest. We are
not yet a House for the usual and great objects
of our assembling. We can receive no message
from the Executive. We can hold no intercourse
with the Senate. We can organize no committees,
and cannot perform a single act of legislation. At
the threshold stands the obligation to organize. We
mus-t do so by electing an officer described in the
Constitution as Speaker. We dare sot, sir, de-
prive the State of New Jersey of her right, co-
equal with that of Georgia, or any other State, to
vote in the election of that officer. We have no
power thus to disfranchise her. Hence, before that
« officer is elected, we must determine that somebody
does, in fact, for the time being, represent her.
From the State of Pennsylvania, I understand,
there are two gentlemen claiming seats in Ibis
Halt, both bringing with them the commission of
a Governor of that State, under her great seal.
This is a case not of fancy, but of fact. Upon
this case we snail be compelled to act, and thai,
too, before the House is organized. Upon the
assumption of gentlemen, that no vote, no act can
be had by us, when the eomm ssion of a Governor
with the seal of the State appended is presente*,
both these gentlemen must come in. It is a te-
quiremrnl of the Constitution, say they. Now the
Constitution io the case put, commands as much in
favor of the one as the other of these gentlemen.
What shall be done? Exaludeboth? No, for then
the key-stone of the arch is disfranchised. Admit
both? No, for then that great State will have one
more Representative than the Coustitunon gives
her. The alternative left is for the members pre-
sent, constituting a quorum of the whole House,
whose seats are uncontested, to determine which of
these commissions, and which pf their seals is, in
train, according to the laws of Pennsylvania.
What I demand is, thai the very same determina 
tion be made in relation to the contested seats of
tbe New Jersey delegation. Which, sir, of these
claimants, has the evidence, prim* fade in its
character, of election? Tins is the only inquiry
which we have now the power to make, anil that
we have this power I have endeavored to ¡>how.
The most plausible objection which I have heard
made to this view of tbesubject i t that it will al-
ways be in the power of parties, by capricious ob-
jections  to the seats of a quorum of the whole
House, to prevent its organization.   It has, sir,
mi re of specionsness than of force.   In answer, I
s*y, that an extreme possibility is no well founded
objection to any coarse of reasoning.   The sup-
position  presents  a ease when the Government
would be in the act of revolution.   Against such a
pofestb lity neither law, constitutions, nor religion,
can who ly guard.   The case might occur; so also,
u en, might ame a Cromwell in our rjsid*t, to difc
solve the Congress of the Union by military force^
Bat that such a case will occur, both the re traints
of law—the moral sense of the people—the love of
liberty, ibestioDgett passion of the American peo-
ple—and the holy sanctions of Christianity, do,
and will, I trust, through the ages that are to come,
forbid.
Then, sir, the mode of action is for this House to
declare and register the judgment of.the Constitu*
tion and the law. When pronounced, it needs no
further enforcement. It stands self-executed. For
who shall deny—who modify—who reverse it?
Upon this House falls the stern mandate of the
Constitution. Upon this House falls the sove-
reign requirement of New Jersey. Upon this
House State Rights principles make their equitable
requisitions. Is the Constitution mandatoiy to
yew, sir, to admit the Whig delegation from New
Jersey? So is it to the House. Are its require-
ments obligatory, according to the reasoning of the
gentleman, upon the Clerk? So are they upon
this House. And, whilst I maintain the positions
here assumed, I at the same time assert and enforce
the principles which my colleagues and others
have promulgated.
Mr. Chairman, whilst I assert the right of New
Jersey to be beard by her vote in this House, I do
not mean to be understood as admitting that either
set of applicants can vote in their own case. This
is tbe only question upon which New Jersey can-
not be heard. To me, common sense, which is an
instinct of our nature, denies to all persons the
privilege of voting in a case where their personal
or representative^ights are concerned. The ques-
tion is as Io the right of A and B to vote. And
does it not involve an absurdity upon that question
to permit A and B to vote, and thus adjudicate
their own privileges?   It surely does.
Trie rate  of the Hoa«e which we have adopted,
and all parliamentary usage, so far as 1 am in-
formed, exclude them. It matters not that they
present themselves in a representative character,
for it is their rights a* tuck that are to be deter-
mined.
Much', sir, baa been said in this debate about the
sovereign rights of the people. It is claimed that
the will of the people, of New Jersey shall prevail.
Yea, sir, let it prevail. How prevail? Through
the agency of her organic law—end here no other-
wise. They haveepoken through no other voice.
They have not spoken in their primary elementary
character. They have held no convention. I
listen,- bat I hear not the rattling thunders of popa-
lar sovereignty. The Jews of old heard the artil-
lery which pealed around the summit of Sinai,
and tbe sound of a trumpet waxing1 louder and
louder; but in all this they heard not the Godhead;
it spake in the sttll small voice.
So, sir, it is only in the strtl small, yet clear and
steady voice of the ¡aw, that I can hear upon tbi 
floor the speaking of New Jersey. The organized
forms of Government do express the popular will;
the people have made them their organs. The laws
of the State and the Constitution of the Union are
the restraints which the people themselves have
placed apon their elementary sovereignty, and are
so to be respected' until they are repealed or modi-
fied. I lio hot assert that the great seal of New
Jersey i* the depository of her sovereignty—-that
the ad* of her Governor make him sovereign—but
these acts and that seal are tbe evidence and the
expression of the sovereign will. Suppose, sir, that
he who, with unsurpassed ability, repi esents in the
Senate of the Utfiled States the descendants of your
own heroic pilgrim ancestry, should there exhibit
the authoritative seal of Massachusetts and tbe
commission of her Governor, who would there ven-
ture to assert-that he came not in the name of
a sovereign State? Or, if he who in that body re-
presenta alike the genius,-and virtue, and sove-
reignty of Carolina, should at her bar exhibit the
seal of that State, "always prepared, in mind aud
means," adorned with its chivalric palmetto  bla-
zonry, would there bé ene ther$ so bol 1 as to deny
him entrance? So no one here, I trust, will deny
those delegates having the highest evidence to enter
and sit as the Representatives of New Jersey.
Mr. Chairman-, I am nnlike the distinguished
gentleman front South Carolina, who addressed
yen the other day, born insensible to fear. J fear
maay things. I fear to* do wrong; bat I do not
fear the trammels of party, or tbe vengeance of
the popular willa In the discharge of duty, the
people will scarcely hold me a fit subject for fieir
Wrath. Should this House fail to accord seats to
the regularly authenticated members from New Jer-
sey, there will have occurred a case of nullifica-
tion reversed. This has been held a remedy for
the Stales against the Government, but if we abro-
gate the law!>of New Jersey, then do°s nullifica-
tion appear in its most odiouí form. She will then
start, in her forays upon the Constitution, from the
citadel of the enemy) and an unorganized branch
of the Congress of the United States, itself but a
co-ordinate department of the Government, will
have abrogated, in the Hou«e of the peop'e, the
laws enacted by the people.
I could but remark, Mr. Chairman, when you
addressed us on yesterday, how studiously joh
avoided recognising the States in their sovereign
character—,nsr>tin£ on the rights of the people.
And I thought that, contrary to the law which ob«
tains both in morals and physics, ex'remes had for
once met; and that the na'i< nalism of your day
was much the same as the dcginas of this.
Mr. BLACK of Georgia bepged leave to occupy
the attention of the House for a short time, and,
before he proceeded, he owed perhaps an apology
to the House and the gemleman from Maryland
for the manner in which he had for the fir>t tima
presented himself to its notice. He meant no dis-
respect ta any one herej he had only claimed the
right for his colleague [Mr. Colquitt] to be heard,
when other gentlemen, who had spoken repeatedly,
were wandering from the incidental question be-
fore them, and addressing themselves to the merits
of the main proposition. He again asserted the
position bad had assumed in his claim to the flour,
upon the ground that, although the question im-
mediately before the House might be new in its
mere farm, yet that it was rubstantially the «ame
that then had been debated for seven days before
that body, in proof of which, he referred to the
speech just delivered by tbe gemleman from New
York, [Mr. Vandbbpoh,,] and to the reply ihereto
by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Evekktt ]
both of which had been addressed to the merits of
the original qwtiion. In continuation of that de-
bate, the gentleman from Maryland had rifen, and,
although there could be doubt but that he believed
himself rightfully entitled to the floor, as speaking
to a new question, yet (said Mr. Buck) the gentle-
man be mistaken—innocently so, without doubt—
but not the less so on that account, as he thought
he had conclusively shown by reference to the
character of the present discussion.
Mr. Black said that he, like his honorable col-
league [Mr. Colquitt,] bejgíd leave to exhibit to
tbe House the commission by virtue of which hs
stood here. It so happens that my credentials<jf
election, and my rights consequent upon that elec-
tion, are not disputed. "" So far as he was informed,
no man was prepared to dispute them; bur, if the
role which has been attempted to be enforced here
« ultimately established, be did not know how
soon he may be arre* ted in his Representative ca-
pacity, and compelled to gj back to .Georgia, to
gather up the poll books, to ascertain the compe-
tency of the presiding officers of election', asd the
qualifications of every man who had presented him-
self at the polls and part cipated in the election; be-
fore be would be permitted to take his seat.
- The ostensible question now before the House
is, whether the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dow-
caw] shall be allowed io proceed with tbe fttri-
mony in behalf of those gentlemen from New Jer-
sey who are claiming their seats here in opposition
to the members etect from the State, who have in
their possession the commission of the Governor.
To such t proposition be must answer in the nega-
tive. A grave and important question—one in-
volving the rights of- the States and the peeple of
the States m the high and momentous privilege of
the elective franchise—is now submitted. To
whom it a submitted? To a mere assembly of ci-
tizens—to men who, although they may be ulti-
mately entitled to their seats upon this floor, have
not as yet produced even the prime/oei* evideaee
of their election! State tbe case as yon may, turn
it anil twist it as yon will, Mto this complexion it
must corns at tact" Shall we (said Mr. B.)
heat testimony, either on one side or the other,
