Doc 1839.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
£6th Cokg-."1st Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Rhett.
H. of Reps.
Mr. RHETT of South Carolina, rose anflspoke
as follows                                                 /
Mr. Chairman: It has becofcae personally im-
portant to me, although n may be/of no con-
sequence to the House, that I shou/el express my
views on the subject now before 1/for considera-
tion. Always uttering frankly aaa freely my opi-
nions to all who desire to know ttfem, it is n«t sur-
prising that, in conversan ins with different indivi-
duals—viewing only detached poitions of this sub-
ject at a time, and those tinged wnh the hue of
previous'y formed opinions, or feelings strongly en-
tertained—I should be misapprehended or misre-
presented. Whatever the cause, however, an
equivocal position on this or any subject
deeply atftcting the rights and interests of
any member of the Confederacy is one which,
neither as a member of Congress, nor as an indivi-
dual, I can ever consent to occupy. Britfly, but
freely, then, I propose to express my opinions.
There are but two sets of papers on your table,
with respect to the teats claimed in behalf of the
Slate of New Je siy. Trie claimants on the one
side rest on the commission from the Go/trnor of
New Jersey, under the great seal of th.it State. The
claimants on the other side rest on tre projfs con-
tained in ceitain documenis, shewing that they re-
ceived a majority ot the votes cast, by some hun-
dred and forty votes. It wi'l not be necessary, in
the views I shall take of this subject, to consider
the character of these documents; as, tor instance,
whether the Secretary of State had any right to
take the returns of the elections, of which it is al-
leged he received the custody merely as clerk of
the Privy Council, and, by putting them into the
State office 01 New Jersey, give them the charac-
ter of official records under the seal of State. I
take the pipers accord ng to their purport; and they
raise the question, which ol those t^o sets of do-
cuments, in this our inchoate transition state, 'hdll
we recognise as best entitling the claimants under
them to participate in the organization of the
House? It is not a question of final right; for all con-
cede that in ihs House, a ter it is organized, that
right must be ultimately considered and determined.
Par short, then, of a full investigation, of any in-
vestigation, beyond the papers on your table, whom
shall we recognise as members of Congress for the
purposes of cgan zation?
On the o ie hand, it has been coat nd*>d that the
Go*ernoi'a commits, on is conclusive, ¿n 1 ought to
be unqi estu npd and unquestionable as 10 member-
sh p o 1 th s fl >or. To Irs propos tion 1 cannot as-
sent. 1 he comm ssion of the G. ve nor is im-
pugnab e, and oj^hi to Le inapagned and aet aside,
in ma .y case< which can be supposed Forgery,
for instance, or the case ol Ibe two con elan's tro'n
Pennsylvania, whieh we considered and adjudica-
ted but je5 erday. We ought to hear, I think, any
imreachment of the Governoi's comrrissiin pre-
sented to us m good iaiti, and pas> jidgmsnt on
it-, vahditj, but, with the House beioie us, \vh< re
we cm alone, in almost every case, fudy and pro-
per'y aacer.ainthe facts, we should te very slow in
discrediting the comm ssion, and, on lie other
h^nd, it has been contended that tre Governors
ccmmission is a ineie retura of the elect on, and
that we ought, there ( r<3, 10 put it on a pa 1 y with
any othei returns made by o'her 1 ffi e s cr agents
of the e'e^tion^; and if, from a comparison of testi-
mony, we find lha Governor in erroi, uetugat
foithwith to rect ly his return, and g,ve the seats to
those who seem to have the tncj >nty of votes
111 the election. Neither to this pioposition do I
as'eat.
It js always necessary, Mr. Chairman, if we in-
tend t) have any precision iu our reas >nmg, to un-
derstand the terms we use. What is a return, and
«hat is a commission? Are'uin isa s a'ement of
what has b ea doie; t \-> notlurg but an account
rendered, and is usually from an inferior to a supe-
rior, as in the ve y case before you is re quntd by
the law* of New Jersey, from the ]-dg"s <->t elac-
tions to the clerk of the county cat, and fiom ihe
e'erk of .he county ct url to ihe Governor ar d Pn-
v> Cou.itil What mw, o< the oih-r bam', is a
comrniason, signed by a Uoverucr, wnh th- great
seat of toe Slate attache d  Sir, it is a tale, and no-
thing less than a title, either to property or a fian-
ohise, as the case may be.   It is a title to property,
before we are eon«;ituiiona(7y quallijitd to act on it?
W.lt yon hear tne m nts ot the ca«e before you
ire in a condition to decide upon if Who and
what are we? (asked Mr. B.) Admit, sir,
fer'he sake of argument, that we ar- the Re-
presentative, of the people. To whom can that
fact, at this s'ase of our existence, be known, save
to those gentleman alone who have their creden-
tials in their pi ckets- admit that we have no other
contest here but that to the seats of the members
from New Jersey. I put it to your wis lorn, sir,
to«a\ whether we are yet organized in accordance
with the Constitution and the law? And whether
we can take cosnizance of any matte-, either in
our judicial or legislative capacity, until we are
organized? Will you try a case of such high con-
cern bsfore you empannel and swear your jur}?
By virtue of what authority and under what so-
lemn sanction do we appear here as judges in a
mat er of sach interest to the parties' By virtue
ei our commissions; by virtue of the authorVy of
th  sovere.gn States we represent; and the sanction
und-r which we shou'd act is to be found alone in
the oath which, under the Constitution, we are im-
perita! \ ely required to take. Let us, then, who
are thus delegated as Sta'e Representatives, and
by virtue of S.a'e authority, proceed to orbaniik
ourselves, in order that we may be constitutionally
qnahfied to hear and decide this question. If we
ar* to arrive at that point of oar legislative exist-
ence at which our powers as members of ihe Ge-
neral Government begin, we must take the only
practical course, and that is, the usual and ordi-
nary one heretofore pursued by the House. Let
your Clerk call the roll of members, beginning,
1 he pleases, with the State of Maine, and going
on in eeo^raphical order until the whole roll is
completed, ar'' then let t'-e members-thus called
lake the oath of office prescribed by the Constitu-
tion. Until we do this, we have no power to do
any act in onr representative capacity.
Mr. Chairman, ta the "House ofRepresentatives'''
alone belongs the exclusive right to adjudge and
determine this qae't.on. That Hocse is made by
the law paramount of the land, "the judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications, of its own
members " Of what, then, is the Hou'-e of Re-
presentatives comp .sed? Of members chosen every
second year by the people of the several Stat**; not
oily so, str, but a majfiilyo( the membersso eho-en
must be sworn into oftce before they caá "áo
tos ness," as a bodv recjgn's^d by the Consti'at'oi
of this country. The only pr-ctical way in which
this trganization can be effaced is, a*. 1 silgaste!
Wore, to call the roil of member-, ard to swear
toem, or a maji niy of them, if no mi re p^es^nt
themselves, into office, up> n the prima foeie evi-
dence a'one of the commission issued by the States
which ¡hey may seveially represent This is the
only way in which we may hope to put an end to
tsis most disgraceful state of trrngs. Upon this
prima facte evidence of my election—my corrmis-
ti n under the grr-at seal of the S'ate of Georgia—
you permit me to take my seat, and when the gen-
tleman fro 11 Ne v Tersey, who hold in their hands
precisely sirai'ar ev.dencf* of theirelectton, present
ibernselr s to be sworn, rea*on, justice, the Consti-
tution, and the laws made in pursuance thereof, re-
q 1 re that you «-honld extend to them also the same
privileges yon accord to me.
Wc have been here now ieven days, wasting the
tune and money of the people, and  have  not yet
arrived at the only material point—that of oiganú
«aitón.    All the debate that has hitherto occurred
was idle and unprofitable.     He, himself, was then
speakipjby thf> mer- courtesy of the House; every
member who had spoken had leen listened to only
by the same courts >, and (said Mr. Buck) until
we can orgamz , and place onrelve  in a cóndi-
lo,, to act definely, all onr  debate WIU be mere
tam.    In order that we may arrive at that  point,
permit me to a Idress mrelf to ihe major.ty-the
"T  maJ°n.j-on th.* fl ,or.    It ,s said that
me of the gre,,. political patt.-s that now di„de
he countryhas that major,) here; if that oe -he
truth, the w' o|p reyonsability for ,he wiste of lbe
time and money f,f the people will ultimately fall
upon them.   The minority here, as elsewhere, can
do nothing, the majonty-which is said to be an
Administration majority—are all powerful.     If
they refuse to act—to organize the House upon
proper pr.nciples, and to dispose of this question—
they, and they alone, will be responsible to the
great body tt the constituency. Go on, therefore,
I beseech you, gentlemen of the majority—rehe\e
us fiom the extraordinary position in which we
are—terminal? the scenes of disorder and confu-
sion which have be^n constantly occurring here
s nee we fiist assembled—and place us in such a
state of constitutional existence as will enab'e us
to decide upon th s question thus prematurely
thrown before us.
If the friends of the Administration can thus
command and direct the action of this House, and
they are deposed to be governed in their course ny
motives of policy, I put it to them to say whether
the odds will not be fiarfully against them if they
continue to stand out doggedly against the organi-
zation of this House? Reflect what may be the
opinion entertained of you if you arbitrarily ex-
clude these five New Jcjsey members from their
seats from fear that, ifiheyare admitted, you may
not be able to el^ct an Administration Speaker.
It, on the other hand, the Whigs are admitted to
their seats in order to form a House, and upon
subsrquent investigation they are ousted, j ou may
then well claim ihe merit of havng sacrificed
your political ] redilections and party interests lor
the purpose of removing obstructions which other-
wise would ha\ ¿ cloggrd the wheels of Govern-
or nt, an I threatened the existence rf the Union
itself. And, if the Whig votes from New Jersey,
thus admitted, should be made the instrument
of placing an Opposition Speaker in the Chair,
his tenure of office would rest solely on the
validity of the votes that e'ected him, and the
House, if the Wh s^ frrm New Jersey are ulti-
mately rejec  d, would vacate the Chur wlucn had
been filled by the instrumentality of spurious
votes, and instantly proceed to a new elecion.
Such a course would secure to you, not on'y the
enviable consc oueness of having done your duty
to the coun ry, bat will ensure yonr succe*s in the
election of a Spea1 er upon the only grounds on
which any party ought to succeed—upon the
s'rength of the legi imite and majority members
of the House of Represen'atives
Mr. Black said he had as 3 et only «poken on
the preliminar) question; and as to what might be
t is r pinio-s, and whit h's vot^s, m regar t ta ihe
v'limat' ii¿ht of thc e claimants to tne seals from
New Jersey, wh"n lhat quesiion «hould come pro-
perly before him, he was prepared 'o do whpt law
and ¡U'-'ce required After the H< use shou d be
orsaniz d, he was villing to rpin tl at case; Ie
wojIu be wil'mg to hear t c evidence on bo'h suits,
to examine the facts as to who had ihe major ly of
lfgal vot« s, and tl en fina'ly decide who are the
ngi.trul Represrntat.ves of the Sia e of New Jer-
sey. But before we can ache-, e " a consumiría-
t on so deiout'y to be w shed," we must form oar-
sehes into a " Hou e of Repre entatives "
In crnc'usion, siid Mr. B permit me to say, we
have heard muc'i dun g t'n  wide and desultory
debate, of the n.h s ei ihe people—the voice tf the
people—the potential voice of the people—and Ihe
great Demociac) of ihe cuntr_, as contred stin-
gu shed frum Ihe regularly organiz d and eon titu-
tiot.al au'hontirs of the State GevERvMENTS. I
kno \ nothin? of such a distinction. The people
of Georg a are demeicratic, republican, sovereign;
but the potential voice of the sovereign people of
Geoigia is always heard throngh the regularly con-
stituted organs of the Government which the peo-
ple themsplves have instituted Any other ex-
pression of that voire, except when the people are
in th"ir ongiial conv> nron, would be but the
íavingsof a nio\ and the howltngs of anarchy.
fia hoped tint the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Duncan] wouid see that, nr.til the House had   r-
ga nzed i'stlf, ?nd placed iise.f in a constitutional
at'i'ude, he could not b  permit.ed to go into the
men s of thp case.
REMARKS OF Mi. RHETT,
Of South Carolina,
In the House of Representatives, Thursday, December
12, 1839*—The New Jersey question being still
under cons deration m the House—
