12
AWÉNtílt *0 tfSÉ CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
86*H Cobo* * 1st Skss
• New Jersey Question—Mr. Rhelt.
Dec. 18S9.
Senate.
when conveying away any portion of the State's
domain. It is a title to a franchise, when induct-
ing into an office,, or establishing an agency. Can
geatlemea make it less? It is by signature and seal,
according to the common law of the whole land, in-
herited from our wise and free progenitors, that
properly passes from one man to an.-ther, from a
corporation to an individual, from a State to a citi-
zen. The paper, it is true, is rags, and the seal a
bit of wax; but beneath these sneered at, but pow-
erful emblem?, r.'St in security, in the hands of in-
dividuals, the va t territory of this vast Confedera-
cy, and all the offices of trust, emolument, or honor,
by which the whole machinery of our free Govern-
ment is so happily carried on. Their power is in
the law; their omnipotence as great as the sove-
reignty which created those laws, and can only be
slighted and disesteemed by those who are ignorant
of our forms of Government, or who are prepared
to overthrow them.
But it is objected, if the Governor's commission
gives a title to a seat in Congress, then the Go-
vernor makes «he member of Congress, and not
the people. The answer is plain. The Governor
is a mere agent of the people, and, when acting in
obediance to the Constitution and laws of the peo-
ple, bis acts are their acts. What are all our sys-
tems of Government, State and General, but vast
agencies established by the people for their govern-
meni? The sovereignty is with the people. Sove-
re gat? is the supreme ultimate authority and power
iu a State. In Great Britain it is said to be in the
fdng, Lords, ¿nd Commons: in Russia, in the
Autocrat. Bat with us, it is in the people of the
States; and all our systems of representative Go-
vernments are only agencies by which they rule
themselves. All legislative, judicial, and execu-
tive acts, perfoi med by their agens in. pursuance
to the Constitution and laws they have established,
are emanations of their soveieign will; and to defy
or deay them is to outrage their supremacy.
When, therefore, the Governor of New Jersey, in
pursuance to the laws of New Jersey, gaveaconv-
m -sion to certain gentlemen as members of Con-
gress to represent that S'.ate, his act was the act of
the people of New Jersey; and it comes to us with
all the power and solemnity sovereignty can con-
fer. It is no answer to this position to affirm that
the majority of votes cast at the polls was against
those commissioned. If the laws of New Jersey
ae defective, or he' agents faithless, let her reform
11 m. The people went to the polls, not in an ele-
mentary cap tcity, but in the ordinary course of an
election, in obedience to the laws and constitution
ih°y had previously established^ for their ¡self-go-
vernment. By these laws their election was held,
their votes received, the returns made, and the
members of Congress commissioned. In all of
these acts, and in one not more than another, the
sjvereignty of New Jersey was iu actual ..opera-
tion; and when the Goal result is communicated
to us by the only official organ designated by I er
laws, in the form of a positive commission, under
the seal of Stale and the signature of the Governor,
we are bound, as we respect one of the sovereign
members of the Confederacy, to regard it with the
highest consideration. *
Mr. Chairman, there is bnt one way by which
gentlemen can obvia'e the effect of Jhese positions;
and that is, by maintaining, as has been done, that
the laws of New Jersey, by which the Governor is
directed and empowered to commission members
of Congress, are unconstitutional, and therefore
void. This is taking the'subject up to high princi-
ples wor hy the attention of st t sanen. If a mem-
ber of Congress be an agent of this Government
and not of the State he repreieits, then, undoubt-
edly, the State cannot commission him; or if he be
the agent of all the people of the Union in the
ag?regate, it is equally clear that a Slate cannot
commission him.    Whose agent is ht?
I turn to the second sect on of the first article'of
the Constittriion of the United Slates, and I find it
orJamed th«it " the Hou-e of Representatives shall
be compre I of members, cho.en every second
year by the people of the seoiral Stores." And
further on, in the fame article, preseribiiig the
number of Representatives, it says: " The Stat* of
Ht  HprnptHiri shall be entitled tochoest three,
Massachusetts egh'," dbc. Now, here a member
óf Congress is to bs chosen " bv the p^op e of the
scvinl States:" "the Stale of New Hampshire"
chooses him. Is he not the agent of those who
choose him—the States? If not, whose agent is he?
That the Representative is an agent—that he is the
agent of those who choose him—no hardihood of
construction has yet denied. And, if he is the
agent of the several States, how can the conclusion
be avoided that the States have arigi t to c 'mmis-
sion him? Has a man a right to act by an agent,
and can he not give him a power of attorney? Has
a nation a right to treat with other nations, and
may ^he nrt commission her ministers to make
treaties? To state such propositions is to show
their fallacy. Members of Congress are agents of
the States, responsible to them alone, and ought to
Decommissioned by them in th-irmost imposing
sovereign form; and such has been the practice of
the States, with but few exceptions, from the origin
of the Government to the present day. The com-
mission is the life of a m mbrr of Congress to hi*
agency—the evidence of the high amhority by
which he claims his seat.
I go, sir, one step further. With the Constitu-
tion in my hand, I maintain that the Governors of
the Slates are the proper designated organs through
whom this House communicates to the several
States concerning its members: and they ought,
therefore, to be the only organs through whom the
States communicate to this House. When a va-
cancy occurs, from death or any other cause, in a
seat on this floor, by whose instrumentality is it
filled? The answer is made in the first article of
the Constitution. "When vacancies happen in the
representation of any State, Me Executive authority
Ulereo/shall issue writs of election to (ill such va-
cancies." Now, why should the Executive autho-
rity of a State be called into requisition to fill a
vacancy in this House? Because a member of
Congress is an agent of the State, representing her
highest interests; and the same organ and authority
which put him in his seat should be invoked to
supply the vacancy. It is far otherwise when a
vacancy occurs in any of our State Legislatures, or
in the Parliament of Great Britain. There, the
Speaker issues the writ of election immediately to
the people. Why? Because there is no sovereign
power, like the States, interposing between the
House and the people. In these instances, the
House and the people are in immediate relation.
A member of Parliament represents the whole
realm. A Representative in our State Legislatures
represents directly the people of the S;ate. The
Speaker of the House, therefore, issues the writ.
Bat the Speaker of the Corgress of the united
States is elected to his chair by the agents of sove-
reign States. When a vacancy, therefore, occurs,
he cannot order an election; he can only acquaint
the States who filled the seats, and to whom they
belong, that a vacancy has occurred in this body;
and the Governor of the State, representing her
high Executive tovereignty, issues the writ, and is
the organ employed by the Constitution to supply
the vacancy.
This argument gathers reñ ubled force when we
turn to ihe manner in which vacancies in the Se-
nate of the United States are supplied. Th :re, the
whole State is represented but by two agents; and,
wh^n.a vacancy occurs, the Governor is not only
the organ for communicating the fact of the va-
cancy, and the agent through whom the people
send up the representative, but he has, in certain
emergencies, the power, representing the whole
sovereignty of the State, of filling the vacancy
himself. Whenever the State Legislature is not in
session'when the vacancy occurs, (which i  the
case in by far the greater number of instances,)
the Governor appoints and places the Senator in
Ms seat. Now, under all these instances of ex-
press constitutional regulation, by which the Go-
vernors of the States are not only recognised, but
ordained to be the sole organ of communication
between the House and the States, by whom seats
an to be filled on this floor—under the long and
unbroken practice of the States, from the first origin
of this Government—with the powerful consti'u-
ttoott reasons by which this practice .has been
maintained—it does appear to me amazing that
any man, much less a State Rights man, should
gravely assert that it is a v iolation of the Constitu-
tion for a State to order, or a Governor of a State
to give, a commission by which a member of Con-
gress should be entitled to his seat on this floor.
An argument has been brought forward fiora
the fourth article of the Constitution. By that ar-
ticle it is ordained that "the times, places, and
manner of holding elections for Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall be prescribed in each Srate by the
Legislature thereof, but the Congress may at any
time, by law, make or alter such regulations, except
as totheplaceofchoosingSenators." The argument
from this section is this: that "the times, places,
and manner of holding elections" is a grant of
power to the State*; and the States, therefore, have
no right to go beyond this grant, in their legisla-
tion, and require their Governois to give commis-
sions to members of Congress.
Mr. Chairman, I am a State Rights man; and,
however few in numbers and humble in power,
upon the doctrines these statesmen mantam I be-
lieve the existence of the Union and the happiness
of the Confederacy mainly depend. According to
these doctrines, the Constitution is to be construed
strictly, and all the powers not granted by the Con-
stitution are reserved to the States. Now, no one
will doubt, upon these principles, that if this clause
had not been inserted in the Constitution, as the
States were to elect the Representatives to Con-
gress, "the times, places, and manner of holding
the election " would have been amongst the pow-
ers reserved to the States. How, then, can this
clause be said to grant a power which the States
had before, and would now have, it it did not exist?
The truth is, it is no grant of power to the States,
but is a grant of power to ba exercised if deemed
necessary to the General Government. It con-
tains a mere injunction on the Slates to do that
which they had the power to do so; whilst the
power is granted to Congress, in case the States
should decline presctibing "the limes, places, and
manner of holding elections," to make such provi-
sions for bringing the people to the polls as may be
necessary for its existence and perpetuity. If,
then,' this clause contains no grant of power to the
States, of course the argument deduced from it,
that the States are restricted to the grant, falls to
the ground. The States have not only the power
to prescribe "the time, place, and manner of holding
elections" for members of Congress, but they hold,
by virtue of their reserved rights, all other power 
and privileges, with respect to these high agents,
not taken from them. Those who contend that the
States have no right to commission members of
Congress by their Governor, must show that this
power has been taken away. Who ha's ventured
toshowthM                                 /'
Ano her arguments deduced fro  the first clause
of the filth article oftthe Constitution. As •« each
House shall be the «age of theiflec ions, re urns,
and qualifications otfits own members," it is con-
tended that neither ¡the Governor of a State, nor
any other officers ofjjthe Siajf, have any right to
judge at all, nnder
or the qualifications
received. Again, si
State Rights principl
tained to the States.
Congress shall be the
iy circjfrastances, of the votes,
f vo^fs, aftei their votes are
refer to fundamental
hat is, not gran'ed is re-
e clause does not say that
judge.   It only gives the
House the power of judging of the elec ions, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members—a
power absolutely necessary to its independent exi t-
ence. It is a revisory power, by which it can re-
view the polls, the acts of the election officer--, and
go behind and fet aside the commissioner of a Go-
vernor himself. Bat is this revisory power incoL-
sistent with the exercise of the same p jwer, in con-
formity with State laws, by the orfic-rs of the
States? On the contrary, as a member of Congress
is the agent of the States, does it not necessaii'y
follow that the States thft ugh their officers, must,
in ihe first instance, determine who this agent is to
be; and t'oes not this involve ihe right of judgirg
aad rejecting votes—of judging %>f leturna and qua-
lifications? Without such a power, it would be
impossible for the States to ascertain «heir own
agent; whilst the exercise of such a power does cot
at all infringe on trie power of this House to cor.
