14
APPENP1X TO THE CONGRE38IONAL GLOBE.
sMrrn 6oko««.1 t Ssss.
NewJcraty Question—Mr. Sh'pard.
H. of Reps.
mined to «heir seats here, hare the certificates of
ihe Governor, statins* that the  were duly elected;
tnt it scooted lo hum th*y w.re entitled to take
meur se I-, and to participate us theorganization
of im Hook by the election of a Sneaker. It
aetmed to kin, then, said Mr. 8. that he had no
mora right to refu*e to associate wiih them as mem-
beta of Ibis House, «ad to impeach the validity
ef their ciedeatials, that they had to refuse to
associate *ib hi , and to impeach the vaÜJ.ty
of bis- The Governor of New Jersey is the
oftVr charted wi'h muting of the returns of e'ee-
u a, an I though not appointed by the Federal Go-
rernmrnt, his sat menta i>f the returns are a 
binding as it be acted aider oar authority. The
e mou-aum which he gave were in conformity
with iba usuge which bad ara ays prevailed in das
chantry, and in the country from which oar ic-
stitntMB* were derived; and in both countries the
act of the retarniog officer was always coaa-dered
valid aad binding onlil proved by good and saifi-
ei«*at te 'ie*oay to be wrong or fraudu'ent.
Th'a vm the view wbkh he took at the first,
aad which he took now. He would not go
into aa argument to show the troth of th  position,
for it had bean already to ably argued that he had too
arach respect for the House to consume their time
with repealing arguments thai had been so often ased.
But some geatlemea contended that fraud had been
committed in gu ing these retaras. Admit that this
were the fad; yet it seemed to him that they had no
right, according to parliamentary law and usage, to
iaoaire iato it at that time. The gentlemen whose
sets were contested bad as much right, as he be-
lieved, to inquire whether fraud bad been commit-
ted with regard to ha credentials, as be had to
inquire with regard to theirs. Indeed fraud might
be committed oa all aaada. The certificates ot the
Secretary of State of the Stale of Mew Jersey, eoa-
•esiiag the verity of these retares, might themselves
be the result of fraud; and, therefore, in the preli-
m.aary stage of their proceedings, be thought they
could not go into aa examination of mem. These
reasons, aad many others, which he would not
trouble the House with reciting, induced him to
give his votes ia favor of the right of these
gentlemen to take their seats. He thought they
were entitled t> hare their names on the io'f,
and he therefore vo ed f>r t're fir>t propo<it on of
the geuilemaa from .Virginia, [Mr. Wise ] which
was k*t. Another resolution w s one ed by the
same te.ilemso, affirming tint they were entitled
to take the.r se ts, and leaving the question if ulti-
mate right to be decided by the Honre, affcr
it was organized. Fur this resolution he also
voted. On Saiurdsy last, the gentleman from
Virginia lntratoced bis third resjiuti-a oa the
subject; a&d oa the motion t lay it oa the table,
be votid ia ihe affirmative; and be had now n. en
more for the purpose of explaining his vote
on that occasion, than to enter- into aa bt*o-
ment on the present question. When the motion
lo which he had referred was made, it seemed
to him that th y had already cmramed loo moeh
time on the various qaestiim connected with the
subject, and thit no good could result from keep-
ing it any looser before the House. He thought it
was lime to lay aside this vexed question, and pro-
ceed at once to the organ¡ziu'on of the House, and
to the despatch of the public business. There was,
therefore, no inconsistency in the two retes he bad
lha* given. He voted according to the dientes of his
re t jodemeM, sn 1 sobseqoent reflation hud cm-
tí .cid him that be had acted cotrec:ly. It seemtd
to him that the qiestion had been settled by the
preliminary mectinf, that lbc-e gentlemen should
not take th< ir «eats, and participate in the organiza-
tion of the House, and that it would therefore be
better to I-are the controversy to te decided in
Ihe ordinary way by the Heose, opon its imriis,
after the ac¡i'<n ol the C< manure of Election ,
H; mast take thi  occasion tossy that he had
voted for the two rest lotions of the gentleman from
V'rginia, with the greatest reluctance. In what be
was about to say, be begged to be understood as
not wishing or intending to impeach the motives of
the gentlemen firm New Jersey, who came here
with the Governor'  certifica tes; nor did be wish to
impeach the conduct of the Governor himself. Bat
I
it
he mast say, thai when he heard the evidence read
at the Clerk*s :ab!e, impeaching the validity of these
returns, in whuh it was conclusively shown that
the gentlemen who contest i the seats had received
a majority of the votes giv*n «it the elections—
when he heard the evidence read that the
clerks of two counties, MiHville and South Am-
boy, had suppressed the vole given at these coun
lies, and when he heard the evidence that the Go-
vernor himself admitted both these important
facts, and, reletting that the technicalities ol law
prevented him from giving the returns to those
who had received a majjrhy of the voies, consoled
himself with the belief that the House would do
justice Iu all pirties— when he had seen a piop. s.U
made lavt summer m the public papers, by the gen-
tleman commissioned by the Governor, t  throw
up their commissions, and t>o again into a new
election, thus aduiiMing a doubt of their own rights,
he could not avoid entertaining the suspicion that
gross fiaud had been practised. It seemed to hiui,
Mr. S. ¿aid, that throughout th«*whole contest here,
one patty h#d made use of the form  and techni-
calities of law to cover up a mean and despicable
fraud, while ihe other part} had attempted to bieak
down all the forms of law, in order tu attain ab-
stract justice; and being a law-loving and law-abid-
ing man, he bad voted to preserve the laws,
though injustice might be the const quvece.
These things Mr. S. said, were not uncom-
mon in private life. A man often held possession
of a tract of land lo «hich he was not justly emi-
tted, aad which the law would take irom him
upon a legal investigation and trial ef his title; but
the forms of law must be preserved, and the tenant
in possession most retain the land until the courts de-
ed* that another has a better bile lo it. He • ouid
pass over other matters, (Mr. S. said,) aad come
down to ihe proceedir.gs of yesterday; aad he con-
fessed he never was more surprised in his life
than he was when, shortly after the Speaker had
taken the chair,and after his administering the oath
to the members of the House, he saw these five
New Jersey gentlemen walk up to the table
and ask to be «worn. He dil not, as be said
before, mean to impeach their motives; they
had a right to take thtir own coarse; but he
thought that motives of delicacy, as well as
of expediency, should have induced them lo wail
for the regular action of the House. Now, did not
every man see that the contest has, all along, been
for the purpose of electing a 8peaker, and that
these gentletr.en arid their frie&ds were contending
for their right to participate in that election? But
(said Mr. 8.) the right has been violated by deci-
sions of the House again aad again, and it/ is too
late to rectify it. The House has been organised,
and Ihe 8p*aber has been elected, without the par-
ticipation of' these gentlemen, and they can, there-
fore, have no good reason for insisting oa taking
their sects without an investigation into their
right to bold them. You, sir, [addressing the
SraAXsa] have been elected as an impartial
mas; yon and I voted to give these gentle-
men their sean ia the first instance, and you
will doubtless deal justly and impartially ia your
appointment of a Committee of Elections. Then
why not let this question of right be Teferred to
that committee to be investigated on its merit*, in
order that the House, with a fall knowledge of all
the evidence connected with it, may decide,on it
camly, juMly, and impartially. No injury or incon-
venience would result lo these gentlemen or their
party by the delay. No great question would pro-
bably come before the House, in which their votes
might be necessary before the decision of the Home
on their ca*e. He, for one, would agr« e that all the
great questions which were expected to come
before them, should be postponed until that
decision was made; yes, sir, said Mr. S. the
geat financial question, on which 1 shall go
with the Executive, and the fate of which
will probably depend on the decision of these con-
tested election cases, may be laid over until the
House shall decide who shall take their seats as
representatives from the State of New Jersey.
He bad merely risen, Mr. 8. said, to explain the
course he had taken. If any harm has been done
by preventing these gentlemen from participating
intheelectionofaSpeaKer.it is too late new i0
apply the remedy. The net !ia-< leti, done, ñn>\
done lorever, and let the ountiy and posifr¡tv
judce of its coirectness. A gieat deal had been
¡.aid about the States Rights doctrines that weie
involved in this question. Sir, >aid Mr. S. the
question h .s as much to do with Sates Rights
as it has with the Egyptian hieroglyphic?.
No man wishes to disfranchise the Statu
of Ntw Jersey. The only question is, w|,0
shall take their seals as members fii m that
Statt? There was no intention of depnvi g any
one of his nghtsj'on ihe contrary, the sending this
matter to a commitlece, and bunging it to a tho-
rough investigation upon its men's, was the suiei-t
way of doing justice lo all. The atgunient had
been used in the preliminary staije of the pro-
ceeding", that the Hou-e, in an impeifect Uate,
and «i hout a Speaker, cou d not enter into an ex-
amination «f the evidence connected «¡Mi the sub-
ject, nor  try it <.n us merits.    Thai ditlioulty  was
now removed.    The  llutise was  now ors.iiii/ed__
a Speaker was elected, and the memters were
sworn. He hoped, therefore, there being no lun-
ger any ob.lacle in the way, thai the House would
lake this course.
Mr. THOMPSON of Souih Carolina hare took
the Hoor, and replied at lensth to Mr. Dnoit-
ot olk, citing various precedents to shov that the
genihmen who presented themselves with the cer-
tificate  of the Governor o( New Jersey, were en-
titled to take their «¡eats without further question;
and that the House had no right to go behind these
re.utns, or, at this stage of its proceedings, to go
into an examination of the testimony contesting
their validity.
Mr. WISE obtained the floor and moved an ad-
journment.
Mr. SHEPARD asked that the gentleman would
withdraw the motion, so that he might have an
opportunity of saying a few words iu reply to the
gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. WISE could not withdraw the motion un-
less it was understood that he should have the floor
afterwards.
Mr. ADAMS hoped the -House would permit
the gentleman from North Carolina to make an
explanation.
Mr. WISE then withdrew the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. SHEPARD thrn said that he bad been a
humble member of the House of Representatives
for the last two years, and in his course on that
floor he had endeavored to be actuated by what he
believed to be his duty to himself and the people
he represented. He knew that, on various occa-
sions, be bad taken a course unpalatable to some
gentlemen, aad they had showa their disapprobation
of that course by various circumstances and means.
Ha would, however, now say to them, that he «as
not responsible to them, or to any body else, ex-
cept the people who s.nt bim there, and the
country at Urge; and be hoped that, in the dis •
charge of bis duly in that House, he was as far
from fear as any other member on the floor. He
would neither yield to flattery on the one side, «or
to bullying on the other. When he rose a few
moments ago, he did not rise to make an apology
for hia vote—he owed no apology to any body;
but be rose te put himself right before his «oa-
sti-trenisaad the country at large, because he knew
that the party organs, which were spread
throughout the country, were always disposed
to bold up a public roan to odium. The people
do not understand the rules of order in ibis House;
and when gentlemen act differently from the views
of partisans, it is easy for them tobe misrepresented. #
And notwithstanding the remarks of the gentleman
from Seuth Carolina, he felt satisfied with the pro-
priety of his coarse, and he believed that every
person, untrammelled by parly prejudice, would
justify his conduct. He wtu'd now briefly
slate what he had said. He had said
that when we first met in this House, he
believed that Ihtse members from New Jersey
who bad the Governor's certificates were entitled to
take their seats ami participate ia the election of 
