16
ACTB1NMXL fO THE CONGBÉSSiaííAt GLOBE.
26th Com ..••1st Sbss.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Holmes.
DISC. j,839.
H. of R<
«eps.
fine it to be the action of one body apon another <üf-
fi«5t body, according to sone law or rule of actir<n.
N«w what is it we aie called upon to do? Not
certainly to act opon another distinct body; neither
is then any pivsenbe-1 mod* of action by which
we «ball detet mine upon the premises. W* are
caüed opon to do this and no more: by an inspec-
tion of the muniment* of title, to determine in the
first degree who shall compose the Honse, with a
vew to theacrion and performances of that House.
T. is ca e m*y bs ¡ikene I to a contest between twj
militia companies for rank in line. The adjutant,
in firm m the regiment, is bound to decide between
the contending parties; but will any one pretend
that bis decision upon the commission  submitted
to htm by the officers claim ng rank creates jadi-
oial action? It is mere'y a previous atrangement
fo the several limbs, essential to the just action of
the corpv, a harmonious adjustment of the-parts
to the completion of a system whote operations
arts,to be fully developed when properly completed.
It is thus apparent that no judicial ac ion is in-
tended. When the Hi u* is formed, by the elec-
tion of a Speaker, its judicial function will be
brought into exercise; it will then be called to de-
termine in the Ian resort; it will ¿end for persons
aad paper?, swear its witnesses, or examine upon
interrogation. At pesent it is only-called upoa to
protect itself, to guaid is own integrity, to prevent
the abase which might creep in under color of
title, to prevent the tetter of a law from de-
stroying its spirit, by iaterposng between the
existence of a fact and the evidence of that
fact. We are not bow, for the-first time, to
learn rae awful fact that it is the letter of the law
which frequently kills, whilst fie spirit makes as
free* Who does not know tVat the righto of a
people have been destroyed more by the-forms of
the law than by the sword of the conqueror? And
does it require a prophet to tell «a—should the doc-
trine be recognised that a certificate of election is
to give a title to a seat in Congress, superior to the
electron returns upon which it professes to be
based, superior to the votes of the electors, who
are the appointing power—that, in times, of party
excitement, eeit.acates wiH be manufactured con-
trary to the retara, and against the express wilt of
the sovereign, which speaks through its majori-
ties? Let as, then, not by a disregard of certifi-
cates—not by a resort to suppression of technica-
lities—not by a disregard to the certificate of a
Governor or the broad seal of a State; but, by
virtue of aad in obedience unto that law, which
New Jersey herself, as a sovereign 8tate, enacted,
and by which she claims to be represented, and to
which she has affixed her broad seal, (the Constitu-
tion of the United States,) pressed; as commanded,
to judge between, the qualifications, elections, aad
retaras of the members claiming to be Represent-
atives of a co-ordinate State. Let os perform the
task assigned as in spirit and in truth. All rove*
retgnty rnjoins it upon us**-the sovereignty of the
States as as expressed in the sacred instrument of
our Confederation—the sovereignty of the people
of New Jersey, as demanding justice at oar bands
against usurpation of its: Executive—the sove-
reignty of justice, whose reign is coeval with time,
and whose decrees are as eternal as the Reck of
Ages. If we hesitate to proceed, we violate all
ffeese injunctions of duty; if we advance with spirit
to the work set- before us, we soon put the Go-
vernment in motion, and perfect the great objects
we «ere tent to execute. What binders us? Forms
and technicalities', say the gentlemen opposed
to the Administration We have tae certificate,
and we are entitled. I deny that any forms are
in the way;and I am prepared to show that, in the
present state of the case,) oar certificate confers no
title superior or equal to the returns themselves. I
further contend- that the retaras are before us, and
that the parties contending are as much within onr
jurisdiction as they will ever bev Now, whom
hive we before os7 Messrs. Avcaioo & Co* «a
the one part—on tbe other, Messrs. Dickmíok &,
Co. The first set claiming by virtu  of the Go*
vernor's certificate, which professes to be aaeaem*
Ílincttion of the returns—the second Set claiming
y virtue of those very retaros as recorded in the
~     Of the Secretary of State of New Jersey;
which S.-cTFetary was the clerk of the very Council
who assisted the Governor in verifying the returns
and advising upon the certificate. Here, then, are
before us two sets of paper titles, and here we are
brought to the point of action. Let it be remem
bered 4hat I concede, in the first place, priority of
the Governor's Certificate on the returns. That
priority was granted, and it has served its purpose.
It conferred upon the gentlemen the privileges, and
surrounded them wiih the immunities of member-
ship from the time they led the borders of their
own State until this House was oiganized to act
upon the qualifiations and returns. This House is
now so organized, those qualifiations and returns
ate befoie it, and we are now called upon to de-
cide.
Y.elding as much authority to the sign-manual
of the Governor—paying as much respect to the
broad seal of a State as gentlemen claim for it—let
us .now proceed to decide upon the documents be-
fore us. The documents are in number only two;
they can easily be compared, and their relative
merits adjudicated. What do these documents
purport to be? 1st, a Governor's certificate; 2d, an
election return. Tbe first paper gives the seats to
the first clafsof claimauts. The second piper, if
ttue, and properly before us, will gi;e the seats to
the second class of claimants. The questirn arises,
have you a right to decide upon the election re-
turns, and upon the Governor's certificate? No
member denies it, provided they both be properly
before us, and the time contemplated by the Con-
stitution, in the fifth section of the first article, be
arrived. It is then incumbent upon me to show
that these two conditions precedent have been
complied wiih—the time^ arrived, and the papers
properly before you. The papers are, in fact, be-
fore us. But how did they get before uh? I an-
s ver, in the only mode they could properly come
before us—brought by the gentlemen who contest
the right to seats as conferred by the Governor's
certificate. The Constitution called upon you to
decide between the parties.. Is it not the duty of
the party -contesting a title to produce into court
the muniments upon which he contests and sets up
his claim? If you are to judge, you must have
the materials fur judgment. Upon what are you
to judge? The Gonstiution says the qualifications,
elections, and return*. Is it not then the duty of
the parties evoking justice to produce their qualifi-
cations and leturns? It appears that they have
done so. Why, then, are the papers not properly
before yon, as contended by the Opposition? Is
there any prescribed- mode of bringing them up?
If so, let gentlemen show it. And if there be not,
then they must show that in the nature of the
case tbtHMs some defect—the onus is upon them.
The fact of the papers being here, and admi ted by
tbe gentlemen from New Jersey to be genuine,
throws the weight of disproving the legal admissi-
bility apon the other side, Now, if you have not
these papers legally before you, the illegality must
arise either from the law of Parliament, or the
Constitution, or the law of Congress. ' Let gentle-
men point us to these laws; and when they do, I
will confess the papers are not properly before us;
until then, as ihere is nothing in the papers them-
selves which excludes them, I shall insist that they
are properly before us. Will it be pretended
that the mere sending a mandate to bring op a pa-
per imparts to that paper, when thus brousfrt up,
a legal significance which it had not before? And
if the mode of bringing up the paper does not affect
its admissibility, is not the only question to be de-
termined that of jurisdiction over the paper when
before tbe court? But the Constitution specifies
the very papar before us. It is, therefore, within
our jurisdiction, and we must decide.
Gentlemen ' should remember, when talking
about sovereign power, that this House likewise
has a supreme power over this whole subject, and
can be circumscribed in the mode of exercising that
power by no laws but her own. In the absence of
any such laws regulating the mode of bringing the
papers, her jurisdiction attaches to the papers the
very moment they are produced and read; other-
wise, it would be guilty of theabsurdity of issuing
process to enforce the production of testimony al-
ready in its possession.  The papéis, then, being
before us, and no law preset ibtng the mode of pro
duciion, they are legally  before u<¡, and we can
judee of the contents.    The ger.tieman from jy^
York [Mr. Barnard] says   ve cannot  p o_eed to
judgment until we are first sworn; but we cannot
be sworn until we have a Speaker, and   therefore
we cannot, at this stage of the matter, proceed to
judgment.   The whole of this  argument of the
hoi otable gentleman was based upon the presump-
lion that we were about to perform a judicial act.
1 have already shown that we are not called upon
to perform a judicial act, and therefore it is net re-
quisite for us to be swotn     Thus, the  ftundation
of the argument being removed, the argument falls
wiih it.    Gentlemen will not pretend that an oath
is essential to our organizing  the House,   and the
Constitution recognises us as a  House before  the
Speaker administers the oath, for it says the Hou^e
shall elect a Speaker.    But the Constitot on does
say that the House may decide  this question, and
it fixes no precise time   for it to   decide.    There-
fore,   it follows that,  as soon   as   we  become a
House, we  may decide.    Now, we are  a  H u-e
at this moment; our members are   asumbled, our
Chairman   presides,   rules   of  the   Congress are
adopted for our government, our acts are  recorded
on the journal,  and our compensation, no doubt,
will be demanded.    This, theD, is the  proper time
for decision.    Part-es and papers are   before you,
and the States whose Representatives you  are d -
mand of you to decide.    Gentlemen, however, say,
ktus send for person and papers, and dec de finally
on this great matter.    Do gentlemen seriously in-
tend   to suspend the action of Government ut.til
this controversy  is  finally  sett'ed?    Do they not
know that if  this whole   matter be   referred to a
committee,   it   will   occupy  that  committee for
weeks and mocthi?   Why, sir, in the present state
of parties, that committee will sit de die in dur ,
and the rest  of us   might as well return   to ou,
homes, or travel  through the States.   No, sir, et
us dec:de opon the evidence before us, not finally,
but upon the admission cr exclusion of the  mem
beri in the first instance.   We have the right, and
it is onr duty.   I have shown yon  that there is
nothing in the nature of the work we are about to
perform, which requires of us an oath—nothing in
the law of our being which enjoins it; that now is
rtwtinv, and the appropriate time.   It is due to
mr corstitoentí, it  is due   to   the dignity of this,
body, it is due to   the nation.   You are bound  tj
exsm'ne these returns.   What are these election
returns?   Ti ej a'e records  in the office of the £e-
cre ary of State of New Jersey.   They are   evi-
dence of a higher nature  than the mere certificate
of úyse returns given by the. Governor.    The de-
ference is that between an élsamplification of a re-
cord and the record itself.   W,ll any gentleman
tell me, if an exemplification of a record, with the'
seal, of the  Governor certifying i's correctness
was produced in a court, and, when there, the record
itself was afterwards produced, and upon   compar-
ing them they  were found to differ, that the re-
cord   would   not  prevail   over   the  certificat ?
And if it. would in a court   of justice, is there
any .reaten, why.it should not prevail-in  this
Hon ?     Is there any difference  between   the
cases?   And, if fnere ba none, do we not fulfil
all the requisitions of sovereignty,  of the' ton-
itiiution, of justice, when we accord to the .re-
cord a superior validity to the certificate of that re-
cord?   Letgentlertea mest this argument in the
jpu to! candor, anxious to do right, and fearing
to do wrong; let principle', and net temporary ex-
pedients, prevail. Thv expediency of the day passes
with the sun which sinks to rest, but principles are
eternal, and in their beautiful operation, Upon the.
systems of Governments shine more and more as
lime rolls, on.    And now, may I be permitted to
make an appeal to (his  House?    Who are we?
Delegates assembled frpm every part of this great
nation.   Delegated for wbar?   To decide first upoa
our organization, bat not to remain for weeks de-
ciding to organize for action; to pot forth that
en rgy with which we are invested; to extend tbar
relief which is imperiously demanded. Afwhattirre
and in what crisis are we called apon to adminis-
ter the Government of this great Republic, this vast
empire, extending over so many Hinds, embracing so
i
