Dec ttsd.
APPENDHC TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
26th Cosg-—1st Sbss.
Report of the Secretary of the Treaaury.
Sen. & H. of Reps.
many people,  nd circumscribingso many and con-
aiding interest ? At a time and under circum-
stances which demand all our resources to be
brought into action, all oar wisdom to be put in re*
aaistrion, all our firmness to te displayed, and all
oar virtues to be exercised. The cities are dis-
tressed; the coonry habitations are no longer the
residence of tranquillity; commerce is paralyzed;
credit it is rn:ned; and your finances are disor-
dered. Around yon and within yon there is dan-
ger, distress, bankruptcy? in your land there is
wan on your borders there are rumors of war. In
the East there are portentous signs; the line is bat
barely aarked across which the border hordes are
ready to mingle in conflct. One error, one frise
step, a breath, a stir, may precipitate this country
into the dark gulf beneath. In the South, those
citizens who are peculiarly under you care—the
inhabitants of your territory—are at this mo-
ment writhing beneath the merciless inflic-
tions of savage barbarity, and loudly crying
•ato you to extend your arms and rescue
them from death. la the West—the far West is
sot free from apprehension. You hare driven the In-
d an tribes from the valley of the Mississippi to
the base of the Rocky mountains. Bnt did you
first infuse into their bosoms the charity of the
Gospel—good will towards men? Did yon send
tbem forth with hearts attuned te the melody of
foe angles' song, u Peace on earth?" Oh no! Yon
acquired their lands by treaties which they never
signed; by seals which they never made. You
drove tbem from the homes of their fathers, from
the graves of their warriors; áad think you that
raftering humanity will not vindicate its rights ?
Think you that that vengeance which is the In-
dian's virtue will not rouse np the several tribes,
and hid tbem send forth the battle cry of their na-
tion over thgtvaat prairies and rock dells of the re-
motest Slates? The signs are much to be mistaken
if they are not already concerting the scheme of a
general and connected, a leagued and covenanted
opposition to you and your institutions. They
have Jearat their strength in alliance; they are
merging the hatred of each tribe in one uncompro-
mising hostility to the whites; and unless you pre-
pare quickly—unless you make appropriations to
sustain ihe system you have formed for iheir go-
vernment, the fiuitful, the glorious West may be-
come the field of slaughter for your citizens, and
the encamped plains of a barbarous and triumphant
foe. With such numerous, such accumulating,
racb feaifnl difficulties surrounding us, shall we
stand lingering here, mock ng the hopes of an ex-
pecting, a confiding people? In the name of hu-
manity, in the name of justice, in the name of that
God who wheels his throne upon the rolling
spheres as He passes over the nations to call them
loaxount, and their rulers to judgment, I invoke
you to press forward to the decision of this case,
to the assertion of your prerogative , to the orga-
nization of your body, to the doing of the people's
work, to the advancement of righteousness and the
(lory of the nation.
RBFORT ON THE FINANCES.
ÍBPORT FROM THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY
ok the finances.
Tbeasobv Dbpastment,
December 3, 1839.
The undersigned respectfully submits to Con-
gress the following report on the finances, in obe
dience to the " Act supplementary to the act to
• t ablish the Treasury D  partment."
tti« gratifying to be abls to stale, notwithstand-
ing the embarrassments of the present year, that
he revenues of the General Government have been
increased, the erpeod tares diminished, and most
eTlhe Treasury notes redeemed.
RtotKM and means /or 1839, txebut  of trust* and
__                      the Post Office.
 «iS ?'" A* Treasury on the 1st cf January,
1839, which could be considered available for
general purposes, was -         .   ^ 466,961 95
The reneipts from customs, the first three quai ten,
M appearing on the Reg iter's books, are
,18,3-28,393 SO
2
Tois includes about two millions
and thiee fouiths collec'ed last
year in Trcsury notes, but not
cairied en his books till 1639.
From thi< cau>e theac ual receipts
in this year will, to that extent, ap-
pear larger ihan they ought
Receipts from lands the fi st three
quarters, including  also some
cottec ed last year in Treasury
not?    -
Miscellaneous receipts
Estimated receip's for the fourth
quarter from all those f ources •
Receip s on  some of   the defctá
«gainst banks not available ou
1st January,   1839, bnt since
paid     -
From the third issue of Treasury
notes under the act of March 2,
1839    -
Aggregate means
8,417,286 31
135,208 78
5,700,000 00
1,322,686 «0
3,857,276 21
$37,217,812 75
Expenditures for 1839, txchtsit* oftkt Post Office and
trust .
Civil, foreign, and m'sce'laneotis,
for the first three quarters
Military, for the first three quar-
ters     -          -          -          -
Naval, for the first three quarters
Estimate for all, during the fourth
quarter            ...
Funded debt for year
•   #3,649,508 23
10 791,799 2t
4,713,701 57
5,600,000 00
14,658 98
Redemption of Treasury notes in
the first three quarters, interest
as well as pr ncipal
This includes two millions and
three-fourths paid in for duties and
lands last year, but not carried on
the   Begsters  books   till   1839.
From th s cause the expenditures
on tint account will appear larger
by that amount than they actually
hive been with n those quarters
Estimated smount of notes re-
deemed in the fourth quarter   -
Aggregate payments
Leaving an available balance of
money in the Treasurv on the
31st of December, 1839, of     -
24,769,667 99
9,891,759 83
1,000,000 00
35,661,427 82
1,556,384 93
$37 217,912 75
The funds computed to be not available, nor
app'icable to pubhc purposes, at the commence-
ment and at the close of the present year, can be
seen in die table before mentioned.
Public debt and Treasury notes.
The condition of the small remains of the
fun 4eJ debt has not materially altered s nee the
la-t annual report-, A statement of it, with the
several payments made with n the year, is here-
with exhibiteJ.
Though incommofed by «parted pressures in
the n onev market and suspensions of specie pay-
ment by the banks, with n trie last three years, the
interest and all the principal due on that debt,as well
ds on Treasury notes, have been punctually paid
in spec e whenever des red.
I* ot more than one fourth of a m Ilion of the
first and second em ss ons, and two mill ons and a
half of the th rd. will probably remain outstanding
*t the cose of the year. The former emissions
have been for some months redeemable, but the
last one does not besm to be t II March, 1840, ex-
cept as previously offered in payment of public dues
The aggregate of two millions and three-fourths of
pr.ncipal is tbere'oreall that it is computed w 11 be
unpaid of nearly twenty mill ons, wh ch were issued
since October, 1837, in consequence of indulgences
granted to the merchants on their bonds, and the
banks on their deposite debts. At oj on* time has
the amount of note  outstanding been allowed to
exceed tea millions, and the present very redoced
Aggregate, unredeemed, is less than the sums still
owing from the banks that suspended specie pay-
ments in 1837, and from the Pennsylvania Bank of
the United States on its bond due in September
nut; and might with ease have been paid during
the present year, had the money been received on
those claims.
£ar or<i and Import  within th* commercial year 1839.
The exports during the year ending Septaeiher
30, 1839, are computed to have been $ 118,3:9,004.
This is $9,872,388 more than those id the vear 1838.
Of the whole exports only $17,408,000 were of
foreign origin, and of the excels in export over
1838, only about five millions were domestic pro-
duce.
The imports during the saine year were about
$■57,609 560, being the very large excess of
$43,892,356 over those during the previous year.
This may be a solution of a portion of the preesure
in the money market. The difference between the
imports and export?, being $39,250,550 in favor of
the former, is larger than in any year, except three,
since 1789, and is much larger than any difference
in the valuation of the same articles with the pro-
fits in the foreign trade added. It must, therefore,
except so far as redoced by an unusual quantuy of
goods consigned here from abroad, and yet in store
unsold, be a very decisive evidence of an increased
indebtedness by this eonntry to other nations. Aid
except so far as this new indebtedness may consist
of stocks sold and the proceeds returned here in
merchandise, it must furnish another proof of one
immediate cause of the present pecuniary pressure.
The history of our commerce during th-, twfgty
years from 1818 to 1838, presents' ««singular
change in the last half of that period, which tends
strongly to illustrate the eorrrctness of these sug-
gestions. During the first half rf it the excess of
imports over exports was only about seventy-five
millions of dollars, or in the proportion of near se-
ven millions and a half annually on an average.
But during the last ten years of it ibe excess was
neat two hundred and twelve millions, or over
twenty millions annually; and thus more than two
hundred and fifty per cent, greater than it had been.
Supposing that the seven and a half millions wer«
composed principally of the fair profits and diffe-
rence in valuation, the excess over that rate in ihe
last ten years must constitute a debt, either mer-
cantile, State, or corporate. It equals Bear one
hundred and thirty-seven millions before 1833.
The debt thus computed to have been created
abroad, by stocks and otherwise, within that pe-
riod, will, with the amount of previous indebted-
ness, form an aggregate quite as large as has been
estimated by many from other data.
Further particulars, possessing a general interest
and relating to this subjret during: ihe last six
years, are exhibited in' the statement arnexed.
Additional information of some importance con-
cerning our exports and imports, from the com-
mencement of the Government to 1838, inclusive,
has been prepared, and is subjoined in other tables.
These tables are intended to be in a form conve-
nient for a reference, and are calculated, by easy
as well as extensive comparison , to throw new ,
light on several subjects of commerce and othrr
branches of industry connected with the finances.
They exhibit not only the whole exports and imports
in each year, but the consumption of the Jailer, and
the changes in the whole aggregate value of each
principal article, whether ex ported or impor.ed, and
the progress of our foreign trade to and from each
State separately, as far back a<¡ is practicable, and
to and from each country of much commercial
importance abroad. A few of the most striking
results are condensed in a note.
Estimate of th* Rtctipts and Expenditure* for 1640.,
For reasons hereafter to be explained, the re-
ceipts into the Treasury, the ensuing year, cannot
be estimated so high as in 1839.
From the best information possessed by this de-
partment, it is, computed that the ageregate of
them, avadable for public purposes, will not ex-
ceed $18,600,000, vi* from
Customs      -                                   t1*'.--'"""
Lands
Miscellaneous
Add te these fit* beAnee available
.     3,500,000
100,000
I
