18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£6th ConG"-«1st. Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sen. & H.
and applicable to other purposes,
which it is supposed will be in the
Treasury on the first of January,
1840         -
J>ec. 1839.
of Reps.
1,556,385
The efficient means in that year will
then amount, in the aggregate, to   20,156,385
If Congress should make appropria-
tions to the extent desired by the
different departments, the expendi-
tures for 840, independent of the
redemption of Treasury notes, are
estimated at                                      20,000,000
Including all the Treasury notes to be
redeemed, the aggregate expenditure
would be about     ...   22,750,000
This would leave a deficit in the
Treasury at the close of the year,
amounting to        ...     2,593,615
Bat there will be due from the United
States Banlr, in September next, on
in fourth bond, about      -          •     2,526,576
The principal now due on the Trea-
surer's deposites in other banks,
which suspended specie payments
in 1837, is-           -          -          -     1,149,904
Should all these claims be collected
in 1840, they would prevent a defi-
ciency, and leave an available ba-
lance in the Treasury of nearly     -     1,082,865
It is not, however, considered prudent to rely
exclusively on the collection of these debts.
Oae mode, then, of obviating any difficulty
from that circumstance, will be to reduce the ag-
gregate of new appropriations, by postponing some
and le^seaing others, so that the means probably
available will be sufficient to meet all calls upon
the Treasury, and leave in it an average balance of
about two millions.
It is believed, for reasons enumerated hereafter,
that such a reduction is possible without essential
injury to any useful object, and that this balance is
the smallest, which is adequate to secure prompti-
tude and good faith in public payments, so heavy
in amount as ours, so unexpected at times in the
demands for them, and so dispersed over a wide
territory. If the appropriations are not thus re-
duced, it will be wise to provide seasonably ia
some other way for the amounts of the contingent
deficiency, and of such a balance.
According to the opinions of the different de-
partments, as to the sums of money proper fur
each, and which constitute the ba'is of the esti-
mates submitted to Congress, the new appropria-
tions required for the next year will equal the
sum of         -          -          -         $18,280,600 55
Viz:
Civil foreign intercourse and
micellaneous $4,981,344 19
Military services,
pensions, &c. 8,213,610 74
Naval serviee,    5,085,645 62
Besides these, the permanent appropriations,
which, by existing laws and the modification
of them recommended, first become chargeable on
the Treasury in 1840, amount to $1,586,000.
They are, in the War Department, $1,236,000;
in the Navy, $340,000; and public debt, $10,000.
The principal on Treasury notes falling due will
be about $2,750,000 more. The appropriations
already made and chargeable, which will remain
uncalled for at the end of the present year, are esti-
mated, by the different departments, at the further
sam of $11,827,371, though that is considered
by the undersigned as likely to te about two mil-
lions too small. Of these they compute thst nearly
08,270,793 will be required, in order t"> accomplish
the objects contemplated by them. It it proposed
to apply $3,014,711 to the service of the ensuing
year without re-appropriation, and the rvs due of
ab ut $541,866, not being required in orJer to ac-
comp'ish these objects, will go to the surplus fund.
Ii therefore follows, if alt the new appropriations
called for are made, that the whole change upon
the Treasury in 1840, exclusive of the Treasury
notes outstatfding, will anfount at least to
$31,153,106, Of which, as previously observed, it
is computed that $20,000,000 will be expended
v ith n thai year for ordinary purposes, or two mil-
lions and three-fourths more, ¡ncludi g the r*-
demplion of Treasury notes. From these state-
ments, it nm«t be perceived that cur condition In
relation to the deposite of another insalmer.t of
public money with the States remair.s much the
same as at -he close of the >ear 18J8. Conse-
quently, the views then expressed by the depart-
ment have continued to govern its course.
This state of the finances renders it also unneces-
sary to submit any remarks upon the impolicy of
providing for the additional deposi;e or dis'iibu-
tion of surpluses not likely to occur, or for any do-
nation of the proceeds of the publii lands, while
they are all needed to defray the ordinary ex-
pense* of the General Government.
Besides the further objection to some of these
measures, arising from their apparent conflict with
constitutional principles, it must be manifest, that
if tht proceeds of the lands should be given away
when nieded to discharge appropriations, ths defi-
ciency must be made up by the unpleasant alterna-
tive of a resort to loans or increased taxation.
Explanations concerning the estimates of receipts.
The estimates of receipts from duties and lands
during the next year have been mada lower than
for 1839, for the following reasons:
A further reduction of certain duties, amounting
to neatly $800,000, will take place after the ckse
of the present year. It likewise happens that, sub-
sequent to a large importation and a fall of prices
in the articles exported, as in 1839, the amount of
imports often declines for one or two years. After
1825, it declined uninterruptedly for six years.
The contractions and expansions of our paper
currency have at times proved another striking in-
dication of the reduction and increase in importa-
tions. Without dwelling here on the intimate con-
nection between them as cause and effect, by means
of the foreign exchanges, and the necessity, after
overtrading and overissues by the banks,., of draw-
ing on them and adjusting large balances in specie,
it may be observed that a diminution in the circu-
lation of paper has been going on for several
months. Heace a diminution in the imports has-
already commenced, and is confidently expected to
continue for some time.
The country is also supposed to be supplied with
foreign merchandise in greater abundance than it
was a year ago. This will lead not only to a re-
duced demand for the importation of more goods,
but to a gres ter export of what is already here, to
other and better markets, and thus, by increased
drawbacks, aa well as diminished imports, mate-
rially lessen the net receipts from customs.
The price of some of our principal articles of
exports being lower, the same quantity will like-
wise furnish less ability to make purchases abroad,
and, where the quantity is larger, the commercial
embarrassments both there and here will tend to
prevent buying, on either side of the Atlantic,
much beyond what is needed for early consump-
tion. The greatly increased liabilities oa the part
of many corporations, and Sia'es, for the payments
of intei e=t and dividends on their stocks owned by
foreigners, will still more sensibly affect the reve-
nue. Those payments must require millions of
exports either in produce or specie, which will lead
to no returns in additional' imports. It is believed
that within a few years past an annual tax or drain
on this country has thus been created, equal to
twelve or thirteen millions of dollars.
This i  a new and important element, besides
overbanking and overtrading, to disturb the indus-
try, the commerce and finances of the Union. Its
rapid growth has been accelera'ed by the distribu-
tion of the surplus in deposi e among the States,
tempting them in several instances to new and un-
profitable enterprises, and stimulating delusive
hopes of still further distributions. Its influence
for evil has been aggravated by a few other causes,
some of them temporary in duration and limited in
extent, but others diffused in a degree over con-
siderable portions of the civilzed world, and pre-
senting some singular anomalies in credit, currency
and trade. But without enlarging on the conside-
ration of them here, the following conclusions may
be regarded as inevitable.
Should the States not speedily suspend more of
their undertakings, which are unproductive, but
by new loans or otherwise, find means to em-
ploy armies of laborers in consuming rather than
raising crops, and should prices thus continue in
many cases to be unnaturally inflated, as they have
been of late years in the face of a contracting cur-
rency, the effect of it on our finances will be still
more to lessen exports, and consequently the pros-
perity and revenue on our foreign trade. It will
also impede the sale of the public lands, by divert-
ng laber from the soil to works which, for some
lime, must be wholly without profit. Circum-
stances like those, with the scarcity of money and
high rate of interest abroad produced by them and
other occurrences, not necessary to be now repeat-
ed, have already diminished the income in the pre-
sent year below what it otherwise would have been,
and will probably manifest their power much more
in the year to come.
The estimates for revenue from lands have been
reduced the most in proportion, because, besides
the diminution of sales, which will probably be-
caused by the present and prospective scarcity of
money and fall of the prices oí produce, the amount
received from them during the present year has, as'
was anticipated by the department, been much in-
creased by the temporary power of the late pre-
emption law.
The unusual quantity of land newly advertised
during the year 1839, and the consequent large re-
ceipts connected with that cause and the pre-emp-
tions, are circumstances not likely to recur in 1840.
It is believed, therefore, that the low estimates sub-
mitted as to lands will prove sufficiently high, un-
less a graduation bill should pass. The effect of
such a bill, judging from reason and from analogy
to the graduated prices, under which lands are now
selling, on account of the Chickasaw Indians, at
Poniitoc, much more freely than elsewhere within
the same State, would be to add considerably to
the revenue for a few years.
Explanations of the estimates as to expenditures and of
some further reductions in them.
The .estimates of expenditure for ordinary pur-
poses in 1840 are in the aggreate about five mil-
lions less than what it is computed will be spent in
1839. This great reduction has been proposed, al-
though the expenses of 1839 will be quite six mil-
lions less than those of 1838, and those of 1838
were somewhat less than the expenses of the pre-
vious year.
The various items of new appropriations asked
for are, as usual, in the amounts requested by the
different departments having charge of the different
subjects. If any omissions or miscalculations oc-
cur in them, they must, therefore, happen from in-
advertence by those officers best acquainted with
the business within their own peculiar province.
But,, in the present condition of ihe country and
the finances, it is not expected that much necessity
will arise, either in the opinion of thos s depart-
ments or of Congress, to make important additions to
the sums now requested. On the contrary, it is con-
fidently hoped that some reductions from them can
be effected without material injury to any great na-
tional interests.
It is difficult in a young, growing, and .enter-
prising community, to restrict public expenditures
within reasonable limits. Certain exigencies also
occasionally occur requiring extraordinary sacri-
fises. When patriotism and honor demand large
pecuniary contributions, the latter are richly re-
paid by their tendency to impart vigor and se-
curity to the former. But, an expenditure of
twenty millions of ordinary purposes, though
much reduced from the aggregate during
a few years past, is believed by the under-
signed to be more, instead of less, than sound po-
licy justifies, while the present unusual embarrass-
ment in moneyed affairs shall continue. Indeed,
strong doubts exist, if it be not more than the real
necessities of the General Government usually re-,
quire. The reasons for this conclusion axe biiefly
these: It is true that such an expenditure, equalling
only a dollar and a fourth per head of our popula-
tion, is not a very large one to sustain a Confede-
racy with such widely extended duties as this. If
reduced to the amount of imposts, which art the
