Dec. 1839.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
26th Como****1st Skss.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sen. & H. of Reps.
whole real barden, and if compared with the taxes
etsewhe.e, equalling sometimes fifteen dollars per
h ad, under po itical institutions of difie ent forms
and less frugality, ihe p ess tire from that source
here would seem to be remarkably light.
But it should be remembered tlut the people of
the United States are obi ged to defray a large
amount of other public expenses imposed upon
them by State authorities, and, at the same time,
that the r forms of government, among various ex-
cellencies, have b ea preferred particularly forjiheir
economy. Hence the true ques ion win them, in
respect to expend tures, is, not how la ge burdens
can be borne, but how much can be dispensed
with. It is not what is splendid, but what is useful
and necessary—not how much can bi coll cted
from the n Without suffering, but how much can
be left with the n, both of m ney and power, and
insure all the benefits of the social system.
As the interests and wishes of the people formed
the Government, they should control it.
Considering these circumstances, and the severe
s'mplicity and frugality befitting a republic, what
amount cf public expenses is neces-ar>?
In 183!, it was calculated that the ordinary ex-
penses of the General Govexnm"nt need not exceed
fifteen millions of do lars. The undersigned ex-
pressed an opinion four or five years afterwards,
that six een or seventeen millions would then be
snflic ent; and he still believes that, noiwi hstanding
the continued increase of our population and
wealth, they might, with prudence, be limited to
eighteen millions in 1840, and, peihars, after the
eipirat on of most of the present pe ns'ons, and the
removal of the rest of the Indian*, be for some
time diminished s ill lower.
Ind?ed, in point of fact, so recently as 1834 and
1835, the whole yearly expenses were only seven-
teen and eighteen millions, independent of the pub-
lic deb*. Though the amount has sinee been in-
creased by wars, pen-ions, Indan removals, and
o her peculiar causes, deemel at the time, in most
cases, sufficient to justify the appropriations by
Urge, and often unanimo.s votes in Congress, yet
i reduction has been going on durng 1838 and
1839, and all the ordinary expenditures would not
in the pre ent jear, but for the pension list and In-
dian disbursements, exceed the smallest sum last
mentioned. The whole increase, however, has not
been confined to these two it'rns, nor could the
whole reduction safely be, which, in the opinion of
the undersigned, sound economy appears to re-
quire.
In the inquiry as fo the amount of expenditure
which should be considered necessary, light may
sometimes be obtained by adverting to ihe in-
crease of populat on and wealth. Looking to
those, if the expenditure, independent of the public
debt, wa* reasouab e in magnitude durin? the fir&t
eight yeajs of our pres nt Government, the sum of
seventeen or °ig .tefn millions annually would not
now be grea.iy disproport onate, nor pTobably
be found e ther much deficient or very unneces-
iiy. It would be nearly five times the average
amount about half a century ago, while our popula-
tion, since that lime, has undoubtedly increased
more than four fold, and our wealth and resources
have probably increased in a ratio still larger. The
last remark, however, i« a ma' ter of inference from
various data, mora or Ie>s accurate in themselves;
sneh as the average importations, which have only
doubled in the last forty or fifty years; the fore gn
tonnage, which has increased but in a like rat o;
the exports of domestic produce, which have
quadrupled since 1192; and the whole tonnage, in-
cluding domestic as well as foreign, which has
also quadrupled, and become more thin pro or-
tionally efficient by introducing into it over eight
hundred steam vessels.
Other data, less accurate, but not le.«s sure indi-
cates °j a stil1 lar¿er increase in wealth, are to
he found in the vast extension of agriculture,
manufactures, the mechanic arts, and various use-
lol application  of steim, as well as in opening
roads and «nils, bu.ldins up flonr sh ng c te<,
«uarg.ng our temtory, diffus ng practical edueal
ton and multiplying, by ways too numerous for
repetition, the comforts, advantages, and powers of
*- great and prosperous people,
But such general considerations, though benefi-
cial in comparat ve examinations, are usually bet-
ter tests o' the ability to pay than of the propriety
of the expenses themselves. A. sTut ny into the
principal items of the latter, and the r amount at
th s time, compared with those from forty to fifty
}ears ago, w.ll aid much, in connect on with the
cons derat ons before ment oned, in fornrng a
more accurate judgment on the propr ety and ne
ce s ty of mo t of the present exiendiU.res It
will show what branches have since sprung into
be ng, and what, from their character, shoa.d or
should not be longer continue 1.
Some suggestions were submrtted on th's sub-
ject m the l*>t annual report, and its import nee
must te the excuse for adding more on this ocea-
s on. 1 he expen 'itures nominally eonnecte 1 w th
foreign intercourse h%ve increase 1 lean. Those
connected with the W>r Department have in-
creased most. The civil and miscellaneous charges
contnue comparatively moderate. But several of
our heaviest burdens, such as the navy, the pen-
s'ons, Indian disbursements, and a class consisting
of light-houses, fort.ficat ons, roads, and improve-
ments in harbors and rivers, have augmented very
lariely since the first eight years of the Govern-
menment. Some of them have increased more
than fifty fold.
On a careful exam'nation it will be seen that
various vindications, more or less plausible, have
been made for these additions at different per'ods;
but they cannot be now applicable for the continu-
ance of them all.
Thus, the enlargement of our naval expenses
from less than half a million yearly before 1795,
to more than six millions now, was in some degree
jn-t-fied, from time to time, as an efficient aid te
foreign intercourse with semi-barbarotis people,
and for the protect'on of our commerce and c.ti-
zens against ¡njusüre or rapine whether in remote«t
Asa, or nearer quarters of the globe. The in-
crease of pens ons from only forty or fifty thou-
sand dollars yearlv at first, and only eighty thou-
sand as late as 1811, to nearly four millions now,
wa< e'e'ended on various grounds. But in most
case? it was cons;dered Je-s asa libe al charity
than as a payment of the Revolut:onary debt to a
patr ot'c foldiery, who advanced arduous services
in the field rather than money, and endured suffer-
ings in the the establishment of our liberties, which a
prateful poster ty should endeavor to r monerate.
The Indian expend tares, enlarsed from a few thou-
sands to thr. e or four millions of do'lars, have
been regarded as the most efficacious means of
improving permanently the condition of the abori-
gines, as wisrly extendirg the boundaries of civili-
zation over the new States, and, in a fiscal view,
as profitable advances of money, soon to be fully
repaid by the sales cf lands, to which the Indian
title has thus been amicably extinguished. The
other group of items, for forts, light-houses, roads,
harbors, and rivers, some entirely new, and the
whole augmented from fifty thousand dollars to
three and four millions, have, on several occasions,
and to a proper extent, been considered as pru-
dent precautions for national defence and useful
aids to the extension and security of commerce.
Some expenses of smaller magnitude may have
swollen quite as fast as these; others with less
rapidity; and others still have been wholly created
since 1797. Part of them have apparently be-
com  a permanent charge oa the Treasury, and
part undoubtedly may be, as others have been,
properly disc ntinued. But, without time now to
go into th« consideration of details as to any except
those four enumerated classes, it may be added
that these are, when united, nearly quadruple all
the other ordinary expenditures; and either of those
four classes alone amounts yearly to a sum about
equal to all the other ordinary expenditures, and
more than the whole of every kind except the
public debt, each year, from 1789 to 1797.
The precise periods when the greatest increases
happened, and the ra'io of them, have not kept aa
uniform pace with the progress of population and
wealth. In many respects the rati  has not been
nearly so great during the las* ten or twenty years
as in some previous terms* Toas, the whole ás-
pense* of theGroveroment iB 1793, will* the excep-
tion before mentioned, were about three millions
yearly; and in 1818, after the lapse of a quarter of
a century, had increased, though in a period of
peace, to fifteen millions of dollars, cr five fold,
while our population in that people had only dou-
bled. Bur, during the next sixteen or seventeen
years, as in 1834 and 1835, the expenses had en-
larged not twen y-five per cent, white our popula-
tion had advanced at least sixty-six per cent.
During the present year, though in intermediate
periods, chiefly from Indian wars and removals,
considerably higher, they will not exceed the
amount of 1818 more than sixty-six per cent.
while our population has since increased more
than eighty-four per cent. Again, take the pro-
gress in the ordinaiy civil expenses, which include
those of the Executive, Legislative, and Judicial
departments, miscellaneous and foreign inter-
course; all of them united were but a little over
half a million of dollars in 1793; while in 1818,
they had increased to nearly four mill.ons, or eight
hundred per cent, though cur population had aug-
mented only one hundred per cent.
But since the last date, that class of expendi-
tures has not enlarged forty per cent, having been
not over five millions and a half in either 1837,
1838, or probably 1839, while our population has
advanced eighty four per cent, or more than dou-
ble that rate. All can thus perceive where, when,
and and in what, the greatest increases have oc-
curred—the principal reasons, whether sufficient or
otnerwise, assigned for several of them, and the
ample opportunity which still exists for further re-
trenchments, so far as the public interests are
■apposed by Congress to require tbem, in any or
all of these large burdens on the public Treasury.
As some encouragement to hope for a continued
reduction in several of them, without injury to
any of the important establishments of the country,
it may be observed that portions of these items of
expense, and several smaller ones, must cease
for ever with the temporary occasion for them, and
others will not, when once completed, require re-
newal soon, if ever. Such are numerous special
donations and grants: durable public buildings of
all kinds, dry-docks, improvements at navy yards,
forts, arsenal? and arms, roa^s and harbors con-
s'ructed, obstructions in rivers removed, the manu-
facture of weights and measures, the survey of the
coa't, much cf the removal oí the Indians, the ex-
tinguisbm-nt of Indian titles, and mos* of the ex-
isting pensions. But unpleasant as is the task of
reduction, it may also become necessary to go far-
ther, and diminish on a general pro rala scale or
otherwise, the compensation to all officers, civil and
military, executive, judicial and hgis'ative. It is.
surely much better to do thi?, so far *s the publ'c
exigence s may require and justice sanction, tban
to expose the Treasury to bankruptcy, by continu-
ing to make appropriations beyond the certain
means provided ior the payment of them, or to re ■
sort, in a period of peace, to the spendthrift and
suicidal policy of effecting permanent loans to de-
fray ordinary expenditures. Peace is the lime to
pay rather than incur debts, atod it would be wiser
for any nation even to board during peare tban to
borrow la gely, and ibas encumber still more those
energies and resources which aie naturally crippled
by war, bat whose whole vigor is so conducive to
its success.
The preceding remarks ara applicable to ordi-
nary expenditures. But for extraordinary ones,
sacn as, within a few years past, the expensive re-
moval of the Creeks and Cherokee?, the Black'
Hawk and Florida ware, while equal caution may
well be exercised in deciding on their necessity,
yet, when once that i* admitted, less objection ex-
ists to temporary measures foi relief, like Treasury
notes or khort loans, provided a permanent in-
crease of taxation is not likely to te required in the
end.
In voling for extraordinary charges, as • well as
in sanctioning, fom sympathy or justice, unex-
pected appropriations towards large P™"*?*"™
Kin Jesting local J^ "¡fSSlS
"5iW WWpropriety ©f generally making
