20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONALGLOBE.
Dec. 1839.
26th Cong««"1st Sejs.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sen. & H. of Reps.
at tb  same time some new piovision of means
adequate to the d.scharga of sujh additional bur-
dens, íssoraetimes unfortunately over'oukel. But,
•when acting on these or other cases, if Congress
cannot, consistently with its views of duty to the
coantiy, adopt the course suggested, and restrict
the amount of appropriations, whether eidinaty or
extraordinary, to he certain current revenae, the
only rerunning eouises which seem defensible are
the¡>e: ei'her to provide for recalling portions of the
public money now deposited with the States or
establish an adequate sys'em of direct taxation, or
at once report to the c n'mgent power contem-
plated in the existing laws concerning the tariff
when changes become necessary for purposes of
revenue, and res.ore the du'y on several articles of
luxury now free.
On some permanent tofeguard under fluctuations in
receipts and expenditures.
Much has at times been wisely done by Coneress
ti supply mians for meeting unexpected deficien-
cies. But all If gal provisions heretofore adopted
for that purpose having expired, our financial ope-
rations will be constantly exposed to danger, un-
less some permanent safeguard under contingencies
is established.
These circumstances must constitute an apology
for once more explaining some of the grounds in
favor of su(h a measure, and earnestly asking
speedy legislatioa concerning it.
The principal sources of our present revenne are
sensibly affected by fluctuations net only in com-
mercial prosperity, but in the crops, the banking
po'icy, and credit systems of even foreign nations.
'J he influence of these canses teems to become
year y more changeable and more uncertain in its
exte1.
Numerous illustrations in support of these viewi
have been referred to in former reports. Some of
them show a sudden and great falling off in the
r galar receipts, though during peace, as the duties
in 1816, from nine millions m one quarter, to only
three in the next-, and as the sales ot public lands,
liom twenty-four millions in 1836, or an amount
over half of all received in the previous forty
years, to less than three millions in 1838. But the
returns fiom the districts in some States during the
last two years present additional facts equally
striking on this subject.
In Michigan, for instance, the sales of public
lands in 1836 exceeded five millions of dollars.
They fell in 18?8 to only $154,284; and in Missis-
sippi, where, in 1835 and 1836 they exceeded
three millions each year, they fell in 1838 to only
$96,636 As before intimated, a portion of such
ext.aordinary fluctuations results from the vacillat-
i g character of the «octrees from which our reve-
nue is derived. But most of them are evils inse-
parable from the per.cdcil contractions arid tx-
janions lt.cident to the pre-ent detective syst mof
banking, in a country so full of enterprise as ours,
with suct freedom in pursuits, such facilities of in-
terrojrse, and iucb stiong temptations to ra*.h spe-
culat.on.
The fluctuations, however, are not confined to
the receipts. The expenditures, which may be
sanctioned by Congress annually, are very uncer-
tain in their amount, as well as doubtful in the pro-
portion of them, which will be called for within the
year, or in any particular port on of it.
All these, and similar considerations in favor of
some psrmatieat provision on this subject, apply
with still greater torce than they have heretofore.
The available balance in the Treasury to facilitate
its operations, is much smaller than has formerly
been usual. The receipts on the debts  till due
from banks, after two previous disappointments as
to some of them, mu->t be rezarfed with increased
doubt, and if they should be piid within thecoming
year, the out-tan«ting Treasury notes become re-
deemable in the first half of it, and must be dis-
charged some months before the bond of the United
States Bank falis due in September.
The introduction of steam in voyages across the
Atlantic, besides the great revolution it must pro-
dace in other respects, will so expedite orders and
importa, as to produce a sensible departure from
the former more uniform periods of laying in stocks
of certain kiad c<f .mcrchandite in advance, and
must thus add to the irregularity in our receipts
from imports, as well as to the uncertainty in pre-
viously euimating their amount.
The practice of incurring expenses in certain
cises, sometimes legislative, and sometimes m.h-
tary, or of a different character, in anticipa ion of
appropriations, and occasioned by unexpectel ne-
cessities or unusual delays, seems to re increasing.
It augments the ri'-k of a temporary defic eocy,
because large sums thus besóme payable in a
mass, and forthwith from the Treasury, when
most of the members of Congre-s, at ti e time of
making the appropriations, e.xp-ct that the burden
will be spread somewhat equally over the who'e of
the ensuing year.
Why, then, should not a con tint saft guard, or
some permanent remedy under snch irregularities,
he provided? The onvssion to do this can hardly
be considered the true check on extravagant expen-
diture, as that check would seem to cons sr. rather
in a forbeaiance to make unneressaiy appropu-
at ons, ihan in a refusal to provide awp'e means
for paying With promptitude, imdtr an probable
contingeuc es, what h^s already baen approp-iated,
and has thus received the deliberate sanction of
Congress-. The national pride, no less than i s ho-
nor and credit, appears to te concerned, in adopt-
ing some mea-ure on this subject, s ab'e, efficient,
creditab'e to free institutions, and possessing a pa-
ramount influence to preserve unspotted the public
faith.
The Sta'es now possess, separately, qu'te as deep
an interest in such an arrangement as the General
Government, f-ince a b'ow on the credit of the lat-
ter would, like an electric shock, ba felt through the
whole of them, and inevitably deprecíate still more
their immense amounts of stock*.
It is hoped that an actual failure to fumsh
m ans to make prompt payment, under all contin-
gencies, and thus producing ihe very vio'ation of
good faiti so much to ba deprecated, avíH not be
necessary to awaken its guardians to tbe utg'nt
importance of some f uch remed al provision; a
measure, wi hout which, in the shape of an invest-
mrnt, or large ba'ance on hand, or author ,ty g ven
to postpone certain clashes of appropriation, when
the revenue proves insufficient for the whole, or
some power to borrow money, or issue, on in'erest,
when nee?ssary, draft> or exchequer bil's, no finan-
cial sys'em in any enl ghtened country has been,
or can be, long administered with safety and honor.
In our system, the provision on this subject was
very un form and permanent, till the extinguish-
ment of the national debt in J 835. Previous to
that time, a large balance beyond the expenses for
ordinary purpos's was generally collected, and be-
ing k*pt on hand till near the close of the year, so
ast> assist in any contingency, was then, it not
thus wanted, applied towards the payment of the
debt.
Aft/r that time, the first resort, in the event of
fiuctua'ions, was temporary, an i consisted of the
accidental and unexpected sccumulation which
immediately followed. When parts of that accu-
mulation were expended, and ihe residue was di-
vided among ihe States, instead of bring invested,
and held to meet deficiencies, the recall of it, as
fast as needed for the latter purpose, was still sanc-
tioned by Congress, and constituted the next per-
manent remedy. But tbs power of recall was af-'
terwards taken from the Treasury Department,
and, instead of it, the. payment of one instalment
was pt stponed, and a very limited authority given
to is ue Treasury notes fur aid in any contingency.
Tnat authority also expired in June las', and while
in force, contained requisitions immediataly to r~-
c?ive those notes in payments when offered, and at
the sime time preventing the reissue of them,
which proved to be eiceeling'y inconvenient and
hzardous—which hate already rendered two addi-
tional ac"s of Congress necssary, and which, in a
meneyed crisN like the present, not only endangers
all fiscal operations, but would have stopped some
of the most important of them, if rot obv.ated in a
degree, by seasonable arrangement , made in anti-
cipation of difficulty.
The Department,therefore, is now without any re-
sort, temporary or permanent,in ease of material de-
ficiencies, and considering all the circumstances be-
fore mentioned, with the dangerous liability in law
to have the whole out-tanding Treasury no'es paid
in at any moment for public clues, withcut a power
remaining to issue others in ihe.r stead; consider-
ing also the present rei'ul-ions in t<ie commercial
world, which affect-; so sinously the r-ceipsfiom
both duties and lands crn-iitring the di a-ters
which are bef-tiling the banks and render.rg our
Collected funds m some crsís wholly una ailable,
and the advances necessary to be soon mane ft r
the large payments of pen-ions, Put Trta>ury
notes fa'l iigdue m March, the earliest attention to
new legislation on this Mibject seems h'ghly prj-
dent, if not ind spen-able, for the effectual security
of the public credit.
The manner of keeping the public money, with the pro-
per fuereis against losses
During the present j ear, the pub ic monpy has
been kept in the following manner. Where sui a-
ble banks cou'd be obtau.el, in coiformitv io the
art of June 23,183fi, <t has beni p ncel in ihem, in
general dpp si e. When s irh could n >t be ob'ain-
eJ, and the amounts were like'y to be permanently
large, or wee not collected by any pub'ic officer,
the money has teen p'ac-d in b'nks, m special rie-
posi e, ei'her in the modified form, as expíame!
la-t year, cr under particu'ar s-tiru'a'ions in writ-
ing. In other cases, where it was small m amount,
or ukely 'o be wanted immediately for public u e,
it has remained villi those collect.ng it till
drawn fur.
Only two banks are now employed as general
depositories, unler ihe act of June,  1836.
In respect to the svst°m at present in use, it is
not proposed to add much to th* comments, which
have been submitted on its def ct<, in former re-
ports. The failures among the banks within the
last few months have again strongly illustrated
those defects.
Withont further legislation, this system cannot
be made, and it certainly is not now the most safe
and convenient one, whether Congress intend to
continue a system of banks, or adopt one inde-
pendent of banks or employ a mixed one com-
posed of both. But it is a system forced on the
Department.by the peculiarities of the existing laws
and the present condition of our banking institu-
tions. It is believed to be the best one possible,
consistent with ihem- Under the present arrange-
ments ne eventful losses are supposed to have been
sustained, which are properly attributable to this
mode of keeping the public money. Any small
ones, which are likely to happen, appear to be the
result of the usual risks incident to the mere col-
lection and disbursem nt r f the money, without
reference to the manner of keeping it, and these
kinds of risks are inseparable from any system
heretofore in force on this iubject, whether con-
sisting of an Uni'ed States Bank, or State banks,
or either of those mixed with individual officers.
An exclusive use of bank corporations for
collecting and disbursing, as well as keeping
all the public money, could atone dispense
with the emplo}ment of individual officers
for the two former purposes, which has
prevailed from the foundation of the Government.
Such an innovation has been proposed by some,
and rrore especially in the large seaports. But it
would create a radical change in the whele theory
of all our collection laws. It would subject the
Government in most of its fiscal concerns to an en-
tire and humiliating dependence on moneyed cor-
porations. And should the latter, though increased
so much in power, not aspire more to misuse it, yet
a wider door would thus be opened to sinister influ-
ences as well as to great fiscal derangements and
u'timae losses. Recent events have evinced th*.
dangers of these so strikingly as to justify all in
being more mistrustful, and to render the further
consideration of such a plan unnecessary.
The chief difficu'ty under the old systems need
only be understood clearly to be duly appreciated.
It has not been in making large payments or large
transfers, when using for deposite either the State
banks or the United States Bank. Receivers and
collectors have also in many places effected pay-
ments with promptitude and to great amounts, and
almost every trouble in transfers by them would
be obviated by the authority heretofore asked for
