Doc 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong....... 1st Sbss.
Report of ihe Secretary of War.
year, miking also ths commercial the same as the
calendar year; appropriating, in certiin case , for
f*c quarter , and k*e piag and publishing all ac-
ornáis and retaras by quarters as «el as year?;
sew provisions concerning papers in whale ships
and in vessels on ihe coast of A'nca; a declaratory
actas to the duties on silks and worsted?; ant] the
farther extension of the laws for the relief of insol-
vent debtors.
Within the present veir, the bns:nes? as to the
French inlemnity has been close j by distr but ng
the add tional interest obtained on the first four in-
stalments. The sixth paym nt doe from the k ng-
doa of Nap'es has a'so been received and divided
among the claimants.
The annual exhibit of the condition and busi-
ness of the General Land Office umally aciompa-
n es th's report; but from its length and importance,
it will be presented separately in a few days. The
very successful progress mide m br n?ing no the
arrem of business, and in the despatch of the
enormous amount of corrent dot es devolved on
that office by the unprecedented siles >n 1835 and
1836, deserves special notre. It has enabled the
Commiss'oner to dispen-e w th the employment of
nineteen of his former clerks. Disagreeable and
embarrassins as the d s'ontinuance of official ser-
vices usually is, a strong sen ,e of its propriety in
an economical view his led to the measure on this
occasion without any fpesral direct on by Con^ref s.
It is M'so again urged as a propr* topic for legisla-
t on, ami without which it cannot be effected, that
the number and conseqoeatly the expense of the
old land offices be reduced, by un t ng several w.th
others adjo n ng, whce the quant ty of business
has become much lessened. A simi'ar course, as
to some of the col'ect:on districts on t--.e seiboarJ
has before bein recoorimuided, an 1 is still con-
s;dered worthy the attention of Conan-ss. In all
these, as well as in larger savings, economy is un-
doubtedly true wisdom.
Respectfully,
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon R. M.Johnson,
Vice Pre ident of the United Stites
And P/esident of the Senate.
REPOET OP THE SECRETARY OP WAR.
War Department,
November 30, 1839.
Sn: I have the honor to submit to you the fol-
owiog report upon the several branches of the
public sendee confided to my charge.
The army, as will be seen by the accompanying
report of the Commanding General, has been kept
on active duty daring the pa<t year.   In Florida,
m the western, northern, and maritime fiontiers,
the troop* have been constantly and usefully em-
ployed.   The experience of the last summer has
«wfirmed the opinion, always entertained by the
T epanment, that great and decided advantages may
««■me to the service from keeping the troops toge-
ther in as large masses as the circumstances of the
country will permit.   The camp of instruction at
Trtnton, and the concentration of the regiments of
some few of the posts on the northern frontier, were
attend*! with most salutary effects, and it affords me
the highest gratification to be able to bear testimony
to the exertions of the superior officers, and to the
zeal and indusry evinced by those of every grade
inth-ircamp and garri-on dutie-, and in dn ling
and instructing their men.   On ths occasitn, as
well a* in the field, the deficiency of company
«ffieers was ar pirent, and the injury to the service
ft .ia taU,ng so many staff oflreis from the line
 a¿ feasibly felt,   lodted, it is mani est tint the
«nay cannot be efficient on 'er ,ts present organiza-
lu n, and that .he Maff ought to be separated fr. m
the line.    Some iuriher 1-gs'ative   enacmnts
are required to prevmt iinpr-p r recruits reing
received i-no the military service, and to punish
persons who knowing'? an I wilful y swear fal ely
When taking the oath reqm ed by r gu'ators to
be   adaiioist-red to  then.    Miners not  unfre-
qiMoÜf impose themselves upon ihe   rccruti'.g
officer, by swearing that they are of *ge   or by
producing fa'se cert ficates of the consent of their
parents and guardians to their enli tment, and a'ter
receiving the r c'othing, and otheiwi c putting the
Government to expense, c'aim to be released on
the plea of being under age. The commission of
this rr.'me is of so frequent occurrence as to call
f( r a remedv. It is perjury, and ought to be s >
regarded and punished. Experience at some of
Ihe re-ruting sta'ions where boys have been takei
into the serv.e>, with the consent < f pare.ts and
guardians, as drummers and musicians, convinces
me that a plan simi'ar to that so advantageously
carried into effect in ihe navy, m'ght be adop ed
wi h great advantage in the army; and I recom-
mead an extension of the law of March 2, 1S37,
providing fur ihe enlistment of boys for the naval
service, to embrace the army and ordnance.
The works directed by Congress to be con-
struct don the nor hern fronier, have been com-
menced and are in prcgre s. It is to be regretted
that, owing to sime miundersanding, the appro-
priation asked for to enable the Depar.ment to
fortify the outlet of Lake Champlain, was struck
out of the bill for the defencs of the country. This
work is deemed of essential importance, as like-
wise one at or near old Port Covington, and
barracks at Black Rock, and in the neighborhood
of Detroit. Hopes are entertained that Congress
will not again withhold the necessary appropria
tions to enable the Department to commence these
works, and to complete those already begnn with
as little delay a? practicable. The disturbed state
of the Canada frontier, and the absolute necessity
which exists to keep upon that line as larse a fore?
as can be spared from other points, will require
the erection of permanent and comfortable bar-
racks. One of the principal causes of desertion is
to be found in the crowded and uncomfortable
condition of ihe soldiers. 1 speak from my own
knowledge, when I say that our soldiers are better
paid, fed, and clothed, than any troops in Europe;
but an equal regard to truth 1 orces me to acknow-
ledge that they are worse lodged. Indeed, I feel
compelled to state that the comfort of the soldiers,
in this respect, has been totally neglected. It is
essential to tketr health, their moral , and their
discipline, that good barracks should be constructed
wherever the troops are to be permanently quar-
tered, and that they should be decently furnished
and supplied.
The causes which call for the speedy completion
of the chain of posts upon the western frontier
bare been so often stated, that it appears unne-
cessary to repeat them here. But it is proper for
me to add, that these dangers have become more
imminent from the presence there of the Semi-
nóles and Cherokees, who lately emigrated un-
der circumstances not calculated to render them
friendly to the whites. The turbulent and
ambitions character of some of these chiefs,
and the cold blooded and cruel murders,
committed by their oid'rs, upon their unoffending
countrymen, whose only crimes were the r friend-
ship for the whites, their love of peace, and their
devoton to the best interests of their nation,
may lead t.i fatal consequences, in sjite of the
prudence and forbearance of ihe public authorities.
In virtue of the stipulations of the treaty, and in
pursuance of our duty as guitdians of the red
men, aid of our obi gátion< to see the laws of <\ii
country duly execnt-d, (for one of th se chiefs was
murdered with circumstances of savage barbari y
within te boundaries of the State of Ar'.<a sas )
orden have been issued to demand the murderers,
and t > take measures t<i extend the pr te ting arm
of Government over the unfcituiate men who
signed the treaty of New Echota, a>d who are pro-
scribed and outlawed by the wilhrg ins'roment;
of the vengean-e or ambitiois pro,e<*ts of John
Ross and other ciief- of t e nat < n. It is, th re-
f re,«f the last imp 'rtaice that the fortieses on
tint fr ntier ^ hould be completed and the force
strengthened.
The solic tude fe't by you at the clos; of ihe last
session rf Corigre s on the subject of the defences
or ihr, ct untry on our mari ime <ro ><i?r, le l to a
st 11 cl'iferexamination into feircoodit< n. They
wew f- und, as h.d ben before st>ted, unft.
fiaiihtd, n..arm.d, and t tal y i .adequate to protect
_^________                   Sen. & H. ot Reps.
the harbors they are intended to guard from th?
attacks of a comparatively small force. This con-
viction, forced upon my mind by the repor s of ihs
chief engineer, has since been confirmed by per-
sonal insertion in every instan e, where it has
teen in my power to vwt the woiks. Our principal
cities on ihe seatoa-d are at this time exposed t > I e
laid under contribution, and our navy yards to be
destroyed, without the possibility of defending
them. When ihe works, now in pr.gr. ss in Boston
harb r, are finished, lhatplac  will be perfectly se-
cure; and a small addi ion to those at Newport will
deprive an enemygof that fine roadstead; but Ports-
mouth is eitirily defenceless—Pensaola exposed,
and the important city and harbor of Fev York
are still very iteffeciive'y proteged, and will re-
main so even after all the works now in progress
shall be comp'eted and armed. It is obvious that
the entrance of that harbor at the narrows cannot
be defended by the w. rks on Long Island a one;
but that the opposiie shore, on Sta en Island, mu't
likewise be fortified. The State of New York, in
whose pos eísion the land still ie i ams, has erected
some works tieie which are so en'ire'y inffficieiit,
that their existence in their present condition W
calculated to deceive the ignorant, who might a'-
t mpt their defence, anl den afford facilities to at
invadios; force in its efforts tj enter the harb.ir.
Phiadelrlna, Baltimore, Charleston, Savannah,
and the ports in the gulf, all require further pro-
tection to reider them safe from a'tack. In a re-
port, preparing in reply to a resolution of the
Senate, calling for information on this subject, I
shall en'er into all the details connected w.th it;
but I cannot tefrain from iernarking here that a
duetegard for the security and honor of the oun-
ry, requires that an effort should be mide with as
ittle delay as possible to place our exposed froa-
tiers in a perfect state ef de"ence. Intimately
connected with this subject is the organization
of vo'unteer corps in the immediate vicinity of
the forts. The policy anl even nec?ss>iiy of
this msasnre hare been stated in my preceding
reports, and are almost too obvious to ne-d repe-
tition. Even under the former very defective
system of keeping the regular fotces in garrison
within the fcrts along our whole line cf frontier,
they are insufficient for their defence. But if
the army of the United States is to be rendered
efficient and its discipline preserved, it must
be kept togüher in masses, and the gari ¡son duty
be performe I by small detachments, aided in case
of need, by the neighboring militia Accompany-
ing this repoit is a minu e dtt i' of the number of
troops required to man the fortb upon the maritirre
and inland frontiers. These must te drawn e' iefly
from the perpV, and to be effective in war, they
must b? drilled and taught their mi ¡Ury duties in
time of pec . A plan for this purpose was sub-
mitted to Congress in 1837, and again recommend-
ed the following year; but not acted upon. Hav-
ing understood that the chief objeciion to its adop-
tion consists in its being limited to a comparaiively
snail body of men, and that it was ihe desire of
Congress, as well a* of the nat'on, that a plan for
the organ z tion of the milit'a of ihi United States
should ercanate from this Department, I have
thought it my duty to make the attempt, and al-
though I en'ered upm the task with reluc anre and
g eat diffilence, I feel cor ft lent tha' tie project
herewith submitted is pradieable, and that whi'e
it will dimini-h the borlen of perioral service now
exa-ved from the cit;z n, it Will ensure the prompt
anl efn ;ient apj l'ca'i'm of ths national force to the
national defence.
Iti< propofel to divide the Uni'ed S a'.e? into
eight militarv dis'tiats, and to organize Ibe rni iia
in each dist kt, so as to have a body of twelve
thmssnd five hur.dr d mea in active service; aid
an therof equil nurarerasarrse.ve. This wojld
g,ve an armed militia firce of two hundred thou-
sand men, so dril el and stationed, ss to be
ready to t,k* h-ir places in the ranks
in defence of the country, whoever called upon
to oppose the enemy or repel the invader. The
age of the recruit to be from iw nty to th.rty-
sevei. The whole terra of service to be eight
yVr :  four je r« in  «ha  first   cU«, and four
iu tie reseiví.  Or ; fowb P8*', twenif-fi*i 'M"1
