34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-----------—               ■!         I                          -                           I______.__________.___________________________________________
26th Cono.". 1st Sim.
Report of the Secretary of War.
sand men, to leave ihe service every year, passing,
at the conclusion of the first term, into the teseive,
and exempted from ordinary militia duty alto-
gether, at the end of the  econd. In this manner,
twenty-five thousand men will be discharged ftom
militia duty every year, and twenty-five thousand
fresh recruits be received into the servic . It will
b  sufficient for all useful purposes, that the ie-
munderofthe militia, under certain regulations
provided for their g ivernmen , be enrolled and be
mustered at long and stated intervals; for in due
process of time, nearly the whole mass of the
militia will pass through the first and second classes,
and be either members of the active corps, or of
the reserve, 01 counted among the exempts, who
will be liable 10 be called upon only in i er ods of
invasion or itnm nent peri!. The manner of en-
rolment, the number ot days of service, and the
rate of compensation, ought to be fixed by law;
but the details had better be left subject to regula-
tion; a plan of which I am prepared to submit to
you
Congress having expressed a desire that an at-
trmpt should be made to terminate the war in
Florida by pacific measures, and appropriated a
sum of money for that purpo.se, the Department,
•uly in the spring, despatched Major General Ma-
comb to open a communication wuh the Indians,
and, if possible, to treat wuh them. He succeeded
with difficulty in obtaining an interview with iome
of the chiefs and head men, and made an arrange-
ment which it was hoped might pnt a stop to this
long pre traded war. lis only result, however, has
been the loss of many valuable lives. Our people
fell a sacr flee to their confidence in i he good faith
and promises of the Indians, and were entrapped
and murdered with all the e'reumstances of
cruelty and treachery which distinguish Indian
warfare Composed, as the Florida Indians
are, of the remnantsjof tribes that have taken refuge
ihere and acknow e 'ging no common head, no
leaty stipulations that are not sanctioned by each
aid every Tibe can be regarded as binding; nor
can the Government consider the country paci-
fied until there has been a general subm ssion of
all the chiefs of the various tribes of Indians inha-
biting the peninsu'a. The experience of the last
summer brings with it the painful conviction that
tv war must be prosecuted unt 1 Florida is freed
fi'om the>e rnthle s savages Their late treache-
rous and c u 1 conduct is too generally known to
require a repetition of the revolting recital. It has
been such as is calculaed tjdeprive them of the
sympathy of the humane, and to convince the
most pea -cable of the necessity of subduing them
by force. With th s view the regular forces have
been augmented in Florida as much as the circum-
s'aicfs of the country will permit, and orders have
been ¡riven to change, for the present, Ihe theatre of
operations. The frequent murders committed in
West and Middle Florida, show that there are still
small bands of Indians lurking there, and it is the
determination of the Department, in the first place,
to (r ve tlem from that portion of the territory and
frre ¡he settlements from fur her moIest\ti"n. In
the mean time.the posts on the A lantic and the Gulf
v.i 1 be maintained, in order to protect the passing
trade, in w hich «ffort it is expected the navy will
cooperate. For this purpose, the vessels hitherto
employed on the coast have been transferred to
tia Dep??.ment.
Until the operations of the campaign were inter-
rup ed in tne attempt to negotiate with the Indians,
they were conducted with vigor and ability under
that zealous and indefatigable officer,  Brigadier
General   Taylor,    who   accomplished   all    that
cou'd be exrectej win the very limited means
at his command, spread out as they were over so
extensive a field of operations.     Throughout the
whole of this disastrous war the officers and men
engaged in it have endured fatigue and pnvatians,
si-kness and ¡differing, without a murmur or com-
plaint, and have, on all e>ccasions, exhibited the
quali ies of brave and good soldiers.   With untir-
ing per.everance they have opened roads through
the swamps in pursuit of the enemy, and when-
ever they conld brinar htm to battle, displayed the
utmost coolnws and intrepidity; in every instance
driving him from to* fastnesses.   But all these ex-
Dec I8S9.
Sen. & H. of RepB.
ertions and sacrifices have proved unavailing.
Heretofore the Indian population of our State sand
Territories h?s been expelled by the graHual in-
crease and advances ot a supeii.>r race. Wnereas,
in Florida the attempt has been made, for the fir-t
time, to dtive the abcrgines from the unruled
wilderness, or, «hat is ?t 11 more difficult, to each
then  lerthe purpose of tram-p r.ing them b*yond
i s limits. If the Indians of Florida had a country
to retire to they would have been driven out of the
Territory long ago; but they are hemmed in by the
se a, and must defend themselves to the uttermost,
or surrender to be transported beyond it. To re-
ducá ihem to that extremity, srr ad, as they a>e,
over a space of at least forty-five thousand f quare
miles of country, abounding in piovisioi.s suited to
their habits, delended by a climate, ben gn to them,
but deadly to the whites, and presenting difficult es
to the march of armies, that have been often de-
scribed and cannot be exaggerated, will requi e
great exertions, and probably, other means than
those hitherto tried.
The passage of the bill itroduced in the Senate
during the last session, and partially acted upon in
Congress, for the military occupation of Florida,
would, it is believed, be atter.d*d with bene-
ficia effects; and I furtker recommend that
authority be given to the Executive to raise
one thousand mea to serve during the w ar in Flo-
rida, who shall receivid the piy of dr goens, and,
upon its termination, a bounty in land. There
men it is proposed to arm and equ p and drill in a
manner to render them tqual to the Indian wartior
in vig r an 1 endurance, and t > e up y tiiem in ac-
t ve opera'ions during the ensuing winer. The
exig nces ef the service at this particular juncture
compel me to a^k this additional fore . It will be
seen ihat the state of the westen frontier requres
the forces there to be inct eased rather than dim:-
ni-hed, asd the cond tion of the Canada frontier
will not allow the withdrawal of the troops at pre-
sent stat oned there It was be'ieved that the ciú-
zens of the Uni'ed S aes upon that border had
b*en convinced of the impropr ety of uverfering in
the concerns of their neghbors, and of the crimi-
na ity of violating the laws of the country; and not-
withstand ng the alarming information communi-
ca ed through the D partment of Sute of the exist-
ence there of new comb'n<tions and conspiracies
against law and order, hopes are entertsin d that
n) real danger exists of anv fur her < utrages being
perpetrated by our felbw-citizen* on that fr .ntier.
If, contrary to ou' jut expectations, those rersons
who have sought ieruge within the terr tores of
t-e (Jni ed Sates should themse'ves commit any
acts of v o'ence upon the pe sot s or propety of her
Majes y's subjec s in Canada, or per-uide others to
do so, and r new th* di graceful scenes enacted
up >n that frontier duting the la-1 season, it may
become necessary that the w'sdom of C< ngrevs
should devise some means of effec ua ly restrain-
ing them from farther violating the laws cf the
count y wh ch has afforded them an asylum.
Having twice brought to your notice the impor-
tance of establishing a national foundry, I feel
some reluctance to speak of it a third time; but the
ncc s*ity of our possessing an efficient train of
field aitillery, and an ample armament for the for-
tifica ions, is so urgent, that this defect in our sys-
tem is constancy forced upon my notice. In a
country situated like ours, and governed by a po-
licy which seeks the greatest good to the greatest
numbers, warlike preparations ought to be chiefly,
if not aliojether, defensive, and a numerous and
well appointed artillery, combined with the skill
and character of our light troops, together with the
extent of our means to compel an enemy to keep
together in masse*, will constitute the most effec-
tive elements of defence throughout every poriion
of the United State*. In attaining ibis end, which
has been kept steadily in view for the last two
years, the Depaitment has encountered great ob-
stacles from the want of a national establishment
where experiments can be made and perfect mo-
dels constructed. The small arms manufactured,
or rather those which will be made henceforth in
this country at the private as well as national ar-
mories, will challenge a comparison wi h any in
th* world     This dasjrablt end has bc«n feronght
about by improvements b gun and perfected in
the national armories; and, by requir.ng the same
improvemonts in their machtnety, equally good
arms will be obtained from the private contractors.
But we have no means tf pursuing the same
method in founding cannon, and the result has
been an uncertainty in their manutaciure, which
may be attended at some future period w.th
the most fatal consequences. Th>re would
likew se be very great economy m having
a natunal manufactory of gunpowd r, and
at all events an appropriation ought to be
mae'e at the present session to enable the Depart-
ment to lay in a stock of mater a's of the manufac-
ture of this nee ssary article. In answer to its tn-
quies on ihis subject, the Depar ment learned,
with gieat anxiety, taat toeie was not a suffic ent
supply of sa tpetre or sulphur in ibe country, at
the close of the last fe.sion of Congres-s, for three
months' supply of tur armie> in ca e of war. Th s
deficiency has been partially temed eJ; but <he
War Depaitment ought to be authorzjdtoke p on
hand at ¡east a twelve months' supp y ot these ne-
cessary anieles, which may bí stored fVr any
lergth of time wi hojt r sk of destruction or dete-
rio'ation.
Wh'le speaVing of the wants of th° O'dnanre, it
afforJs me great pl-asure to be ab e to state that
the-e has b en lately an improvement in the o gan:-
zation of thit branch of the service, combnug
econ my witi ereat-r efficiency, ani that t-e boa'd
of ordnance officer  whi h I was authorized t ¡em-
ploy la^t yeir, ha> been a>nduous'y engaged and
h'smide gieat pr gr s< in reducing to a system
the mo die of fabricating all k n-ls of ordnance storet
and in fixing their p uerrs, forms, ani dimension*.
The c"n-t'uctk>n of war rockets has been com-
menced, and experiments are in progress to test
th ir effect-; wh'le those which have heen tried m
firing ho'low shot from howi zers of the hrjest
caltbre, have been entirely satisfactory. The n-w
buildings au horized by Congress for arsenals, ma-
gazines, and depots ot arms, are in progress of con-
struction, and the works generally have been pressed
on as far as 'he funds would permit.
At the risk of being importunat , I must aga'n
urge th* expediency of selling ihe mneral lands.
Experience has confirmed the views formerly
presented on ths subject, and proves conc'nsive y
that bo benefit whatever resul s to the Un ted
States from the r re-ent system of leasing them wh le
the advancement of that portion of the country is
sensibly retarded, and ihe product of the mining
operations much diminished by it.
The duties of the <l'iarteraia3ter's department
have been performed with an ability, integrity, and
promptitude, wh ch reflect the highest credit on all
its officers, and their accounts have been rendered
with commendable despatch and accuracy. I 
present organization is sufficient to enable it to dis-
charge all the duties which may devolve upon it ia
peace or war; and while it has contribu ed essen-
tially to the efficiency of the service, it has intro-
duced great economy in tue administrative branches
of t^e army.
The works under the direction cf the Quarter-
master General, have been carried on as rapidly as
citcudistances would permit. The southern section
of the great western road, extending from the Red
river to the Arkansas, (oae hundred and forty miles,t
has been completed. The m ddle section, extei cl-
ing from Fort Leavenworth to Marias de Cyzoe,
seventy-two miles, has also been finished, and mea-
sures have been taken to continue the work to
Spring river, eighty-^ix miles further. One hun-
dred and twenty-eight miles will then rema n of the
route t  Arkansas, which will be work'd upon the
next season. Ihe survey of the route from Fort
Leavenworth to Fort Snellirg has been completed;
but as the country presents so opea prairie, that
may be travels d in alt directions w.thoot d li-
eu ty, I shall not do more than matk out the most
direct ioue, unless etherwis: instructed by Con-
gress.
The difficulty of obtaining laborers at Fo t Smith
has retarded ihe progress of t at work. The de-
fences pn j-ced (n the U.inois river, west of the
boundary of Arkansas, have b?en commenced by a
attachment of dragoons under Lituttnaat Colonel
