Dm. 1SS9.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
26th ConO'.-.Ist Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Sen. & H. of Reps.
Mason, and will be prosecnted vigorously the next
season.
I beg onie more to call your at'ention to the sub-
jectof paymaster?, and to repeat my recommen-
dat on that two of the present paymaster* should
be apponted a sist.nt paymasters general, wit1 
the pay and emoluments of lieutenant co'one's,
who, 10 addition to their present dunes, should
hive the superintendence of such officers of ihis
branch of the service as serve with arm es in tje
field; and, farther, to renew my app'ñation in
favor of allowing paymasters, emp oyed in pay-
ing volunteers and militia, in active service, a
small per centage, to cover unavoidab'e loses and
distiljwances in the se dement of ibeir accounts.
It will be seen by the report of the Surgeon
General, that the mel cal staff of the army has
brea actively and steadily employed during the
past season.   The officers of that important branch
of the service deserve great credit for tie manner
in which they have di charged their laborious and
re^pmsib'e duties.   The disposition they manifest
to avail themseivei of every opportunity to collect
frets which may afford   u-eful contributions to
Ktence, is justly appreciated by the Department,
and will be encouraged.   The exensive diituse-
meots of the medical officers render it necessary
that the bureau here should be able to exact the
strictest accountability trom them, and to examine
and revise   the  accounts, so as to close them
monthly, if possible.   Owing to the want of proper
assistance, ibey bad been suffered to fall into ar-
rears, and have only been brought up by keeping
in the bureau an officer of the corps from impor-
tant duties in th« fi*ld.   I recommend, therefore,
that the office here be allowed an additional clerk.
Tbe extensive system of river an i harbor im-
provemerti, involving, as it dees, a very large ex-
piodirareof public moneys equires revision, both
in regard to the principle upon whichsuthi>npr..ve-
ments ought t j be authorized, and the manner in
which they ought to be conducted.   It is apparent
mat too many of these works have b?en anihirized
wnhout thit detiiled exammitlo  which is neces-
sary to determine either th ir extent or gen ral
useiulness,  and  commenced    without  inqu ring
whether the advantages to result from their com-
pletion are commensurate to the cost of their con-
struction.   Many of the artificial harbors, there-
fore, are altogether too small fur the trade they are
intended to shelter.   Some of them are misplaced,
while others, aga-n, have been commence 1 with so
life judgment, that it woald prove a cheaper prc-
cjs to move the t >wn to a convenient po>i'i. n, than
to remove ihe obstacles which obstruct the channel
of the river that leads up to it; and yet Ur¿e sums
o money have been expend-d in the latter a*-
t-mpt.   The already important and daly increas-
ing trade of the gr«at lakes and estuaries which en-
compass and indent the United Stat s, demands the
foster ng care of the Government; but in order that
it< interference may be efectually an i cons itu-
toaally exerted, it  ought to be confined to such
works as are of general util tv, and not extended
iao every cteek or ioi<*t where a favored village
may require easier accss for a market boat.   This
•bus , which is calculated to b msr the whole s-y*-
ie« intj diserved disrepjte, caa only be remedied
by direciiaga previous examination to be made by
tus Department into the nature of the proposed
work, and a full report on the proper method of ob-
tiuvng the object contemplated, setting forth the
public, u>t partial,  advantaaes likely to   result
from it, as well as the probable oht of its com-
pletion.
1 beg leave, through you, to offer my abjrctions
to the restrictions sometimes imposed by Congress
oa t'w manner of conducting wo ks of internal
unpiovemtnt. The appropriation is frequently ac-
companied by ditecions to expend the money ac-
cording to a given plan. No*, it not unfrequently
nappens, tha: when the plan to which the Depart-
ment is co^flüed, coines ,0 be we„ e:tainmed) „ is
loand to be mappl cable, and, heretofore, large
sums have beea thrown away in attempts to carry
them out, because the engineers did not think
Ü emselv« authorized to alter or amend them in
«{J^lL?"-, °?ihe C08St "d o«« navigable
WW , filas of W«d or fljods may alfccf, so ma*
terially, the s rncture of the place to be worked
upon, as to require a to'al change of plan; or im-
provements may be discovered or suggested, wh'ch
never occurred to the original projector, and which
¡' may require an entire alteration in the mode of
conducting ihe work, in order to secure efficiency
and economy in its execution. The light-house
projected on the Brandy wine sh^al, is an example
[ of the  pernicious effects of this restnction.   To
i execute this work, according to the plan adopted
by Congress, will require so much more than the
sum appropriated, that it h s been deemed piudent
i1 not to begin the work at all until the whole esti-
mated cost is placed at the disposition of the De-
¡' partment; the Huation o.' the s:te rendering it
very hazirdous to leave a half finished work ex-
¡ posed to the fury of the winds and waves. Whereas,
it is possible, if the Department were left at liberty
to act, that the obj ct might be attained at much
11  less expenie.
''      The report of the Chief of tha Topographical
¡ Engineers, containing a mere than usually detailed
!¡ statement of the history and progress of the works
I unler   the   immediate superintend'nce   of   ibat
ij officer, will be pres?nted in a few days; together
with detailed es'imates of ihe probable cost of
each work, and of the sums required from year to
year; 'he same coats? will be pursued with re-
spect to the improvements and civil works under
the superintendence of the Chief Engire r, so as
to rr sent to Congress, at ose view, the wh le
subject of in'ernal improvement. The plan of
dis r ct and general inspecti n and supeivirion, b/
super tr officers of topographical engneers, lately
adopted, seems c?lculitei to ensure the fanhlul
execution of the works under the r charge. Many
officer > of th s c rps, have been actively employed
dur.ng the past s-ummtr, in the discharge oí their
mili'ar/ du íes, rendering services which justify
the expectnions enter a ned by the Department,
when 't was mcorp rated into ihe serv ce. Some
few works of internal improvement remain md r
thj superintendence of the Ch ef Engineer, an1
an account of their progr ss will te found in t^e
annexed r part of that offior. It is hghly gr ti-
fying to me, to be tble to speak from my own
personal pbs rvat on, of the act vity, order, and
giod nranagement which reign throughout the
works, both mlitary and civl, wheh ate con-
ducted by the officer* of this corps.
The present condit'on of tue Mi'i ary Acad my
at West Poii.t, is very sat s'actjry. The impor-
tmce of this institution to the charaet-rof the
army, is fully understood by the De-pntmeot, and
i's ibtere-t will be watched over witii vigihncs and
ca'e.
I cinnot refíaii fr m again callirg ycur atten-
tion t~> the condition of the birra-ks at t'.is
post. The objections urg d to the mi erable ac-
commrdations of the soldi-r-, apply 'o the quar-
ters provid-d for ¡he cad t-. A prop-rregaid
lor the health, mora's, and discipl ne of the
corps, rcqui es that a more spacious and commo-
diiusbulding siouldbe crc-t'd thfre 1 íe^om-
mend to your favorable consideratio i, tl¡e su"g s-
ttors of the Chief Rrgnee-, in r lat on to he
practical instruction of the cadets in fie'd engine r
ing, and the creation of a body of >appers and
miners. No army can be cons;d*red complete,
and in a condition to lake the field, without acirps
of well instiucted engineer soldiers; wh'ch, to be
effective, must be taught their important duties in
time of peace. The serv'cs of such men will be
highly useful and economical at all times, not only
as aids to the instruction of the cadets, but in the
preservation of the fortifications, when they are, as
at present, stripped of their garrisons by the exi-
gencies of the service.
Finding some deficencie? in th" dragoon servce,
as to its regulations and details, with your permis-
sion, three young officers of the first regiment have
been sent to the cavalry school at San mar, to be
followed the next year by an equal number from
the second regiment. Every facility has been
afforded by the" French Government to carry out
this arrangement.
Recent examinations of the proceedings of courts
martial have convinced me of the necessity of some
further ¿gal provisions and fixed rales to render
them efficient, as well as fair and impartial tribu-
nals. Justice to the public and to the army re-
quires that this should be done with as little de'ay
as possib'e. From the want of power to compel
the attendance of citizens as witnesses, of a proper
guide, and a well invructed judge advccite to aid
the officers composing the courts, their decsiois
are uncertain, frequently loose and contradictory,
and too often confl ct with those of preceding
courts. I beg leave, therefore, re:>pectfully to re-
commend that a written system for the direction of
courts martial be prepared, which may be framed
so as to be made applicable to the land and sea
service, and that a judge advocate be appointed.
From the report of the Commissioner of Pen-
sion*, it appears thai the number of i ivalid pen-
sions has not diminished, but increased, during the
last six \ ears In November, 1833, the number
of invalid pens'oners was 3,875. It now am mrts
to 4,236. Tins increase is to be attributed, in a
greit measure, to the hardships and dangers to
which the troips, b' th of the army and mil tia,
have baen expose! durng the campaigns in Flo-
rid . The number or psnsioners inscribed on the
rolls und?r the act of Ma ch 18 h, 1818, for Revo-
lutionary servic s, has gradually decr-ased from
about 20,009 to 8,215. Under ths act ot June 7th,
1832, th; number of app'ican's amou -ts to
34,918. Of ths number, 31,663 ha ebeen pen-
sioned. The lis's of pensioners under thi< law
have been reduced to 24,086. The number of
parsons who have applied for the benefits of ths
law of May 15 h, 1828, w ich was intended solely
for the relief of clrtsin officers and sold e;s of the
continental army who served t > the end ol the war,
amounts tj 2,156. Tho e v.ho verj fen-ioned
amoun ed to 1,136, rf whi h G24 are yet on the r.11.
The numbr cf widows' claims, exhibitel under
the art of July 4th, 1836, is 4,771, of whi;h
3,094 have been admiued; and of íh s t umber
whi were pensioned, only 2,512 are now on the
rolls, and eurpred t>helvng. Under the law
g-anting five year^' pay to the widows of Revolu-
tionary officers, «•oldurs, seamen, and mannes, who
were married prior to 1791, the number of clairrs
amounted to 6 267, and 4,456 of that number
Inve received the benefits of the law.
During the last year few claims have been
admit d under the act of July 5th, 1832,
entiil-d "An ?ct to provide for lqiidvtirjg
asdpiying certa'n claims of the State of Virgi-
nia;" a con-ide-ahle number,however, yet remains
unsettled. The sums paid during the past year,
under thit law, amount to $3,910 22. The whole
amount expended ihe last )e r, under the several
pet sion law?, is $3,090,664 61.
Great inconvenience is experienced from beir g
obliged to intrust the payment of perniocers to
corporatims and individuals, who receive no com-
pensation for transacting the bu'ine-s. The only
inducement of the agents to continue in office, is
the hopa that Congress will pa*s a law allowing
them some compensation. Should Congress, how-
ever, th'nk proper to adopt the plan recommended
hy you for the s>afe keeping of ihe pub'.c money,
the establishments for that purpose m git be charged
with the payment of pensions without any further
CJist to Government.
The period fixed by law for the duration of the
office of Commissioner of Pensions exp re-; in
Match, 1843, and I respectfully recommend th t it
be continued for such term of time as shall b*
deemed most expedient by Congress.
I cannot avoid again adverting to the very se-
rious inconvenience inflicted upon ihe poorer c'ass
of pens,oners, by the law of the 6 h of April, 1838,
which fues the period of eight months for the re-
turn to the Treasury of unclaimed pension funds.
The pre?cnt operation of the law is unnecessarily
burdensome to the officers charged with its execu-
t on at Washington, and very harassing to the
pens'oners, who "frequently, after taking long jour-
neys in the hope of rec lving the sum awarded to
them by Government, return to their homes disap-
pointed and destitue.                                  .
The beneficent intentions of Governm-eat, a «p.
nroDriating lar?e sums f r the education and c.v.-
KnoMhe'lndian., ^ ^ «g  «-¡¡JJ
other, beea frustrated, or at best, but paiuaiij
1
