¿tt   ____■   ■   .-—
, JMSrtt Como.mmm1st 6ns.
At+ftlfBti tfÓ *fMfe COÍíGÉfeSaiOííAL GLOBE.
 BS
.Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Dec. 183 .
Sen&H. ofRep,.
realized. If we expect to extend among these peo-
ple the blessings of knowledge, civilization, and
Christianity, we matt establish schools within their
own country; and begin by teaching their chil-
dren what will be practically useful to them in
after life. Having herefore dwelt fu'ly on this
tapie, I  hall eon eot myself with refeiring you to
the full and practical view taken of it by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs in his «port, and re-
commending the ear y adoption of the plan pro*
posed by him for the education of the Indian youth
of both sexes.
I abstained.from carrying into full effect the
treaty with the Winnebago Indians this year, be-
cause I was willing to giveihem time to deliberate
on the expediency of at onre removing to ihe
country southwest of the Missoui; a measure
which, white it Would be advantages to the Govern-
ment, would prove highly beneficial to the Indians.
From causes already stated, the neutral ground, to
which they are to be removed, unless they consent
to enss the Missouri river, cannot be .regarded as
their permanent place of le-idence. It is now the
hunting and battle ground cf two warlike nations,
the Sioux and Sacs and Foxes, to who^e incur-
sions, if not active hostilities, they will be exposed;
and it is enclosed within the limits of a great terri-
tory, destined, at no dutani period, to become a
Sta e, from which ihe General Government w,U be
ei[ ected, by fr eodly negotiation , to remove the
lnd an population. Their exi t«nce in the country
they now inhabit is attended with sath serious and
increasing inconvenience to the white population,
which encircles and hems them in on every srle,
that their removal will not be derayed beyond the
ensuing spring. If the efforts to obtain thtir con-
sent to establish their permanent residence south-
west of the Missouri  hoold unfortunately fail,
tney W.11 be required to take up their line of march
for he ueotiaL ground early in the spring.   „
1 app'ove and lecommend to your favorable
eoasidera'ion the p'an susges.ed by the Commisr 
siener of Indian Affairs for the future disbursement
of Indian funds. From my experience of the ma-
nagement of the pay department of the army, and
from ihe similarity of toe dudes thf se officers now
pirlormwith ihtse p:opo-el «obe imposed upan
them, no donht res's upon my mind that the scheme
unites, in a hgh degree, economy, sscur.ty, and
.As the period is fast approaching when the
ISfUtes will be altogether rel eved from «heir Indian
population, which piesened so serious an. ob-tacle
to their advancement, and the Indians th,-mselves
be removed to a permanert aad peaceful home,
lar from,|fae. causes which led to their degradation
«ad we«E*pioty producing,thtir rain and exter-
mination, rVbecomes a subject of grave considerar
lion and deep anxiety to determine on the most e.i-
gible and practical mode of providing for the.r go-
vernment.    Many projects for the better govern-
ment and civilization of the Indians have been pre-
sen*ed to Congress, and one of them par Jally acted
upon.   The rrfusal of, some of th? tribes te assent
to its pruviiioDS occasioned is failure, which is
scarce y to be regretted- .. A confederation of dis-
a milar ir.bes, a majority of i hem utterly barbarous,
might hite been uaogerousj and cenaiuly would
have been productive of mack confusion.   The ex-
per enee, Btoweve-, of the, hv % summer, convinces
me that someihing must speedily be, done to prevent
tie Indians assembled west of,the Missus p pi from
destr .ying each o h;r*    'We have lateiy seen a
council, eempo e.1 of the most civilized portun of
a tribe, whose 1 ng residence among the whins had,
it was hop«d¿ ta -gnub, m, the elements of selí-¿o-
verumentand <he fir.t principies of religion and
justice, assembled together to license  the  most
atnei-us   crmes,  and stndmg forth  fiom  it*
b som a  gan; ot   d sperado.s  to murder their
pe .ceab!e and unoffending bietbren; an order which
was executed wi>h circumstances of savage bar-
barity.   The motive fur this cruel deed was to
inflict vengeance upon those who signed ihe treaty
of Jf*w ¿chota in 1835. . A new decree has since
gone ^sitlu jpuilawiog others who have, in like,
m4iwfrri'Íp<i*4 &• P ^y in power, and tnev are
ttimiémWfAiML^ kwel doiyn.and destroyedJtke
vUm^rrmr tydvim* call for «ne inter.
ference of the Government in all such cases; but
some permanent provision is required to prevent a
recurrence of similar excesses. Tribunas in the
country for the prompt trial and runishment of
crimes would, perhaps prove the most efficient
me hod of res raining these people from treacher-
ously murdering each other. The fear of retribu-
tion might pievent a tyrant chieftain from sending
forth assassins to wreak hi* vengeance upon those
who refuse to humble themselves before him, and
ihe certainty of punishment deter them from exe-
cuting such orders. Such tribunals would contri-
bute most essentially to ameliorate the condition
and to civilize the Indians by preventing unprinci-
pled men from introducing among them spiritous
1 quors and gambling tables, and otherwise seeking
to tike advantage of vices they themselves hare
fomented.
The exploring party to which I alluded in my last
year's report, has, during the last summer, visited
and examined with care the great valley of the
river Jagues, aad that of the Mayenncs, which dis-
charges its waters into the Red r.ver of the
north, as likewise the rich and ferie table land
whkh separates these two valley*. Their re-
searches extend to Devil's like, situate between the
48th and 49th degrees of north latitude, which
was found to be between forty and forty-five miles
long, and, in places, half that width; its shores
well Wooded, and its waters, which are as salt as
those of the ocean and abound in fish, interspersed
wjih numerous islands, likewise covered with wood.
These phyacat characters are common to ?ev- ral
oth-r wnaL'er lakes that ate found in this region of
coun'ry, where salt is ,sq abundant that in many
flacos it effloresces on the surface of the earth,
'rom Devil's lake the party proceeded ea^t to the
great valley of the Norih Bed liver, making a
rtcMtwiMMce of the ¡stream  wh;ch (all into it on
the western sde. Ths, w.th the northern slope
of the great p airie, is represented to be a country
of suipassing fer.iiity and beiuty. The slope rises
to a fine tab'e land, about nineteen hundred feet
above the level of the sea, and is wateredby frer
quent «reams abounding in fish, that,after swell-
ing-two small lak s, format their confluence the
river St. Xe ers. The so 1 of th s table land i* very
rich, and wi 1 support a numerous population* that
would enjoy the advantages of inhabiting one of
the m-&t beautiful and heil hy regions of the far
norhwestt
When the calculations of the observations made
this summer shall.be -worked, out,,the Department
will posses* a 1 th* niatera'sneceísary, to enable it
to cons'ruct a j'hysi al and topographical map of
th's por iwn of pur country, which, ad.'ed to trat
a'ready in our posse s on,, from the same hand, of
the sources of the Mississippi and North JRed riser,
wiil present, atoa  view, the v^t region of coun-
try compreoendea between the 87tb and 100th de-
gree of looaJtuoV, and 40th And ,4flm-de ree of
n «th latitude.. Ij isheleyed that tv ese explora-
tion^cautíouslí and slowly conduced, wül pr> ve
much more useful in their results, bath as regards
t';e ge graphy and natural h s'ory of that ^por-.
tipo, of our country, than the gr<at expedí
ton* which have precede! them, and which
could not devote the time n°cessary to ac-
qu re the. accurate informa'ion now sought for.
They.havesbe^ncarred,on,*tsadi'y for ihe-last
three years;, aad it is bel eved that an equal
term of time will be required to complete them, by
extending pur researches over the l'ocky moun-
tains to the shores of ihe Pacific,oc-an. Popes
are entertained that Coagrcs will continue to view
this enterprise favorably, and enable ihi Depart-
ment, by an early appropriation, to despatch the
exploring party in doe season.
. I have asked fox an appr priation for surveys
connected with the miitary defense? of the cuntiy.
One object of this request is to enable the Depart
meat to commence hydrojrraphical surveys of the
lakts. ■ The swat and increasing commerce of
these inland seas demands the attention of Govern*
meat ■ There exists no correct chart of. them.
Navigators are-constantly .exposed to encounter
unknowndang*is,  nd the annual lossof li:? and
Brppefty.  tpf gwat. tTlMiimp^ntwerk^jght
not ip be longer dulajw,     7. R. POlJiSETT,
REPORT FROM
THE SECRETARY OP THE NAVY.
Naw Department,
November 30,1839.
Sir: In the performance of a du'y annually de-
volving on this Department, I have the honor to
submit the following report:
The squadron now employed in the Mediter-
ranean comprises the Ohio ship of the line,
the frigate Brandywine, and the sloop of war
Cyane—the whole commanded by Commod re
Isaac Hull. No interruption to our commerce
has occurred in that sea since my last report; and
by the answers of the respective consuls of the
United States, res d m at the principal ports, to the
queries or our commanders, copies of which have
been receivei at the Department, it appears that
no obstacle is thrown in its way by the authorities
of any nation on its borders.
At the da'e of my last annual report, the force
in the Pac.fie, under Commodore BalLrd, con-
sisted of a s,hip of the line, two slotps of war,
and two schooners. The ship of the line and one
of the schooners have returned to the United Statts;
the other schooner is now on her way; the two
sloops of war have been ordered home, the period
of their cruise having expired, and may he ex-
pected early in the spring.
To supply the place of the force thus withdrawn,
a frigate of the first class, under Com mo ore Clax-
ton, who succeeds Commodore Ballard, sailed from
New York in May last, with instructions to land
onr Minister, Mr. Ellis, at Vera Cruz, and thence
proceed with all diligence to her destination. 8he
has been followed by a sloop of war and a schoo-
ner, and the squadron now convists of a frigate, a
sloop of war, and a schooner, all of which, it is
presumed, are now on the station. By the latest
accounts, affairs in that quarter continued in a
state of great confusion and uncertainty. Revolu-
tions of rulers rather then principles Mill agitate
these regions so favored by nature, and the com-
merce-of neutrals continues to require the protec-
tion of a competent naval force.
CommodcreClaxtoa ha  bceji directed to employ
one of bis vessels in cruising withñMfce gulf of Ca>
lifornia, and along the northwest coajfof America;
and, if oircumttanees will permit* It despatch
another to visit the Sandwich and Friendly wianda,
with a view to afford countenance and protection
to vessels of the United States employed in the
whale fisheries.                                                  -j
The squadron on the Brazilian ttati n, under
Commodore Nicolson, comprises a razee aad a
rloopof war; the brig Dolphin having been order"
ed home for repair*, and to convey to the Unihd
S ates the seamen, whose termor" service had ex*
pired, or was about to expire. The frigate tJrrited
States, under Commodore Ridgély, appoiafefl to
succeed Coramo'oreNieolsoBS .¿'fitting oat for the
purpts , of relieving that tiffieer, ana is ttew on the
eve of sailing. ?-  -*       "r^-    «     •* •    •  • **
• The «loop Marion .ha* pfcee&í j&JJnfteJi
States, and tie brig Ente pr.se h ahóSf^j^jor
that station. The squadron will consist' of a" Irri-
gate, á sloop of war, and a brig, and. will be in?
creased as occasion require s.                '-          '
In'crnat dissensions still agitate the ftatas befdefr
íñg on the liver La Plata, apparency with iocreast
ing violence; the novel system of a .war of blocit 
ade, so vexatious to neutral commerj*, /coaiinue 
to be proseen *e J by France, and lie necessity  for a
naval force^in that qu^rt$r>4acEea*€d^|uhwr tiian
diminished.     ,                       .              _..,      ,
Tne sqnadronoperating ia the **¡f «£ MsXiew
and the West Indi'S, wa ; «8hf rnrdc-by «e
sloops of war, and «he whole^siei under <iom 
modo-e-Wm. B. ShnhtHk, appoweJ >*•: succeed
Commodore Dallas wht  retired *rom theiiemw
manl. The misunders'andifg«t that time exii
between Mencj and Frmee having siuee
adjusted, aai the later having r<li'iqmaMd
bit ckade of the j oris of the foim?r,'tw\> all oprtcf
war tnl a schooner, which were.tnlertd to *•
nor h for-rf pai s, have not been r*plac^drfcy «tnixx
Tffrsehoonar, af«r ondergoiug ibes metmmw
rerairs, was e oloy 4 on special «rY¡««-   Sh«
