^"9.
—* *•*■•.
1i n
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tfQ|$ C^h^^.TryTggss
= 
Nttp Jersey Questi<w~Mr. Randolph.
H. ofRejnT
In these days of combination, and monopoly,
tlat which exists t a one steamboat route may be
¿pectei on others^ofjnor  importance, unles
prevented; by lime'y piecaufoas., ,An effective
remedy jn this case, and a preventive io all others
of a^sitfli.lár character, may be found in putting it
wjÜJio.the jnwer of the Department to m 1. steam-
boats tempi rarity in such emeigencies, to be
discontinued as soon as reasonable contracts can
be secured. The case in question shows that the
Department cannot rely upon chartering suitable
boats. „The only, effective meant appears to be, to
ahthorfae the Postmaster General to purchaser
build,, twoor three boats suited to the service, or
direct the War .or JTayj Department to add, a few
such boar* to th'eir present force,, with a view to aid
the Fpstf Office Department whea occasion may
require it, vThe existence of Ote power and ability
of 'he Department to put on a line of steamboats in
esses ofs attempted extortion, would undoubtedly
avert, the necessity of its exercise.
Gr^at difficulty is found iu bringing to justice
n\ait robbers in M>me cases, on ac ount of the
inadequacy of the present laws toWure the attend-
ance, of distant witnesses. The compensation
atiowed to them fc nor sufficed to .pay their ex-
pén ¿s, without reference to the value of their
time. ,Cases of extreme hards-hip have been pre-
sented, to the Department, and allowances asked
for cm of its funds, but in cases «here the process
of the court could reach them, it has been decided
tha-V the,Department could not lawfully add to the
allowance, provided by act of Coogrrss. It
teem; bat ju-t, that men who are required to
devote iheir time to the public, should be paid Boj
only their, actual expenses, but a fair compensa-
tion-                        .   .,
The radical change tn the rates of postage on,
letters, recently adopted in Great Britain, has
attracted, much attention in the United States.
To enable me to furnish Congrcs with information
on that subject, and. all ofters connected with the
post establishments in several of the most conside-
rable European countries, I have despatched one
of the special agents of this Depattment to Europe
with instructions to visit them in pc son, and fur-
BÍ.«h me w.th mínate details of their organization
and operations. Many documents, and some'
interesting particulars, have been received from
him, but he has not as yet been able to prepare hi m-
 e'f t<> m^ihe a detailed report. As soon as such a
it p¡9rt¡>baILbe received, it is intended to submit to
Congress all the information it may contain, for
the.r consideration.
With the highest respect,
AMOS KENDAL^.    -
Toll  fcaJWIDJOT OPtHl TJlMTED SlUTXS.
SPKECti OF MB* RANDOLPJ
  *        Or New Jerset.
1839^
of Repre-
ew Jersey
:fiothl íMr«B-~
! ¡«Hhfedisteús-
h*n Near jersey
^contested election,
«110! have been per-
il  tke ¡tovté •fReprttentotiva,
On the attempt to organize t
seaistfves, by excluding five,
xiaim&D**
Mr. RANDOLPH sa^d thai
titt, Originally, to K«vw parti
sioii. He knew that the c
pmeafed a faff Soijeek foi
and he had stppsted mat H
mitt d to take the ordinary conree of inch matter*,
when/open fit* investigation, he could, with more
satisfaction to himself, and perhaps more dispas-
siMHt-iy, "bat* endeavored té perform his high
aid" responsible dot es, as well toh s colleagues and
to ih# gentfetaen claiming their seat?, as to his eon-
sirruents and to the country. But we have, fro 
the «xtraordraary state of affairs here, been hurried
iott  a premature debate, in which an effort has
been made to place the eon'ftWted authorities of
New Jersey in^ most unjust and unenviable atti-
tuoVbefore me nation, ar.d I therefore claim, as a
duty which I owe as well tomytelfas to the peo-
ple* dflV*W" Jersey, who e -sole acknowledged Repre-
se tative;it seems I am; to be heard naw btfiJre the
aafetn&kd Repre-enta ive*of the nation. Various
pAWtisiti«Mt sir, Have been "matfe during this-a s-^
earsiv? a>batey a htelf *itw líe ótí your table, #td
►,s«j(tenirdnwg fo yonr detfeioh op incapacity to'
put questions, they must continue to lie. The com-
missions of my colleagues having been read, it was
pn posed to read the law of New Jersey and the
certificates of the gentlemen contesting their seats.
I am in.favor of both, and will endeavor to dispose
of those propositions before I sit down. It is also
proposed that you, s r, [the Clerk] be permitted to
make a statement of your reasons for net calling
the numbers from New Jersey. Of this, too, I am
in favor, if yuu simply desire to make your state-
ment and give your reasons; but if, as I understand,
your friends ask that you, under a permission to
make your Mateuoenf, are to read to us a long and
labored document, prepared in anticipation of the
present state of affair?, not by you, but for you, by
a certain committee sitting in this city, after weeks
of investigation, I am opposed to it. Your friends
may find some other mode of communicating it to
the public than by placing it on the journal of the
House.,
But, sif, thera is another question before us of
great, of vital importance, which is not, as some
honorable members seem to fappose, whether my
colleagues ¿hall ultimately, after all the evidence
has been heard, be entitled to their seats,   but
whether now, at the first call of  the members,
they   shall   be  recognised as members,  present-
ing, as they do, commissions from   the Executive
of  the   S'&te,  mtde   out   pursuant to its   law.
This, sir, is a grave question, and for  the first
time raised in this country, or, as I believe, in
any other.     Sir, the Constitution   has  reserved
to the States the power of prescribing "the times,
rlace-, and manner of holding elections," and has
d reeled that the "Hon* shall be the judge of the
elections, retajtti, and, qualifications of its mem-
bers."  The, election laws of New Jersey have
given the mode of holding elections and making
returns, which is .by commission from the Gover-
nor, under the great seal of the State.   If my col-
leagues have presented stich a commission, then
are they entitled in the first instance to their seats ■
oA this floor, and the investigation of the con-
test cannot be had until after .the House is or-
ganized.    The Constitution given that power to
the House,, not to the unorganized members who
are to constitute the Housef   When Representar
Uves assemble, for the purpose of organizing a
House, they must, from necessity, adopt tome rale
by which fh«y are to recognise each other in order,
to organize themselves, e'se they must continue dis-
organized.   That ru'e hitherto has beca to recog-
nise the individuáis holding the regular return,,
made out under the State laws, and in no instance
to go behind that return, unlit after the House is
organized and it proceed* to try the matter of con-.,
test; any other role must lead to inextricable confu-
sion, fraud, and revolut on., It was formerly the
d' ctir.e that, even the House, after organization,
could, not  go behind  the  Sjte returns, on the
gronr.d that it would be impairing a State law,
made under the Constitution.   Under this rule the
New Jersey ease, in the firstt^ongress,; was decided.,
In that case the Goyeiínoíts cí>fftnT}ístoo was based'
on the rtlarriB received frcm twelve counties, leav-
ing out the* county-of Essex, Which caine intod"
late' tó be counted; a petition was presented after
the Hou«é.waa\ontnnize3,, setting forth rheMacte,4,
and it was solemnly decided that the State UW and.
the regalar*return under it was sacred, sad the"
Honre cou'd not and did not go behind it; and'this
was the settled law of the House of Representatives7
until the case of Spm7<fi*r vs. Mead, which arose in
the 9th Congress, in 1805.   Mead had the regular '
commission from the Governor of Georgia, under
the laws1 of that State, which are almost identical
with these of New Jersey; Spanning petitioned the
House after it was organized, setting forth that the
Vt tes of three counties had not been taken intotheac-,
count by the Governor in consequence of their being-
detained atfrthe timebya hurricane; the fac'sweje'.
admitted, and Mead and his friends pot the. Case
solely on the sanctity of the State lawjatid the return,.'
unleriifbttt it 'was dcided lnat the House, in tryv
irg thV matter of contest,might go behind a regular"
return, aid thpt has' ever since been the ru'e. ,But
there1 is not a solitary case tobe found in the re-
cords rfCtevernrrrenf,- or, as t believe a*uj nm in
formed, of the Sote J^egislatuies, or the British
Hou-e of Commons, where the individual hokha 
the regular corami-sion or return has not btan
p'rmi'Ud to take his seat in the first ir stance, no
ma't- r what was the ground of contest to bi tried
af er the House was organized; and the person toa.
te*t ng the .«eat has always been compelled to peti-
tion ihe House after it was organized, instead of
walking in and taking his seat at once.   Twice
only has this question been mooted in this House.
The first time, in the  ca-e of L'teher vs. Jtfoort:
the former had a majority of voe«, evinced by the
po.l books, presented, and a certifica'e from two of
the five sheriffs; the latter   had a certificate from
three of the five sheriffs, alleging that he bad a ma-
jority in  four of the five counties in the district,
and the proclamation of the Governor,   neither
party had the legal return, but the Clerk, conceiv-
ing that Moore had the better return of the two.
placed his name on the roll; this the friends of
Letcher resisted, in the first call of the House, and
they all io< k the giound that, although Letcher had
a majority of v< tes, yet, if Moore had a return
made out according to the laws of Kentucky, be
must, in the fir-t instance, take his seat.   On the
other side,  it  was contended that Moore should
take his seat on the return, such as it was; and in
the arguments of distinguished gentlemen on th t
side, authority may be found for almcst every sec-
tion in the Unior.    For the benefit of the honorable
members from Indiana, I will read from the speech
of Mr. Lane, of that State,  who "contended that.
the que tion before the Houce was not uho had
or who had not received a majority of the votes
given, but who had produced the best prima fteU
evidence of his right to a seat."   Mr.   Beardsley,
of the empire State, "maintained that the question
was to be settled solely on the face of the cetufi-
caie."   Governor Polk, of Tennessee, argued in
favor of Moere's taking his seat, and cited vat ions
precedents.   And for the benefit of the honorable
members from New Hampshire, I will read from
Mr. Hubbard, who contended ".hat the only autho-
rity by which the House should be guided most be
the return it'e'f.'.'   He considered Moore's suffi-
cient.   In consequence of an agreement of the par-
lies, the House, made no decision.   The next was
toe case of Claiborne and Gholson; in the last Con*
gre=s.   Their election was unconstitutional and
void, yet, having the regular return, I voted with a
large majority, of ahe House for their taking their
seats .in the first instance.   In New Jersey, there
have been numerous eases ef contested eitptionsy
but in none of them did the party contestiag-coae
into the House Until a decision had been made-in
bis favor.   The idea of a person contesting a seat
going into either House of th  Legislature and
taking possession.of his .feat at .once, was never
dreamed of there", and would never havebeenen-
dur^d.   In the care of Cox w. Reynolds,' in, «I! 
Stafford township made her «returns for James, ¿a-
st*'ad of for TheirUt Cox, and itbeiDgthrowoout, of,
course, by the clerk under the statute, ReynóWl
got the certificate, took his seat, and was qualified.,
Afterwards, Cox petitioned the organized House, -
and Vas subsequently adm'tttel to .his seat  and
Reynold* ejected thetefrom.   In,l8i5, Rttard^aad
Ljdfcket petitioned the Assembly afjerft^jüs;
organized   for   the * seats . occupied   by .08lt >
fax and Van Houten, who had   the certificate,
oatbe groundJbat the returns of, Franklin, hav--¡
ing come in after 3 o'clock.p. m. were noteoaaiejL,
by .the clerk. x They were, admitted, I believe,-,
unanimously.   Frank'in, it will be observed, was
rejected for the same ground's, in part, that Mill-
ville,was, and Board and, Lydecker had as mach'
right to take their teats at once as the con|e«üñg
gentlemen have in this case.     In 181?, Read and;
Piersoh got the returns to the Legislature, in con?
se^ijKRpe oCthcrerlsficate^l^ *p«cial .elect   «f -
an inspector in Hanover, tawnrfiip not Saving eej «
filed within three days, according.to the statute^-
the same reason, in.j>art.why South Amboy «**•
rejected.,    Nugent and Stockton had a majoxity
of Jhe,votes, and petitioned and got their seats.
It,,will,be  observed  that  the^ last,two  enaea
tnrn on- grounds similar to Miñville and Sooth
AmWi ..only . that ia the  former eases-thee
were   ño   fiauds  nr. illeaL voter, aain.iihe
two latter,   in the Capberlp^ conten, decided by
