Dec 18$9.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
e6TH  C0Ng....lST SeSS.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Randolph.
H. of Reps.
the Legislature last year, arising out of the rejec-
tion or MiUville at the same election now under
consideration, Counting MiUville, the gentlemen on
the Administration ticket had a majority, bur, it be-
ing rejected for fraud and irregu'arity, their op-
ponents rceived the return; the ether gentlemen
petitioned for seats t#o of whom, on purging the
polls, obtained them. They were ai ied on that oc-
ean n by the ab'esi counsel that their pol tical
friends could obtain. An honorable Senator in
the other end of the Capitol labored incessantly for
them. He knew all their tigb s, and, knowing,
dared and did def nd them, and yet they never at-
tempted to take their s^ats until the contest was
decided in thfir favor. One other case from New
York, and I have done.
About the year 1814, a cass similar to that of
the New Jersey members occurred in that State.
A dispute arose between two persons, each claiming
to represent the county of Ontario in the Assembly.
It may be recollected that under the Constitution
efthatStae, as it then exited, all the officers of
the Government were chosen by a council of ap-
pointment, selected by the Assembly from the Se-
nate. Under ibis regulation, the party having a
majority in the Assembly had, of course, the power
of filling all the State offices with their own par-
tisans. Among the candidates for Assembly, in
On'ario, at the period referred to, were Henry Fel-
lows, Federalist, and Peter Allen, Democrat.
By the law as it then stood, the inspectors of
election were to make return to the town clerk of
the number of vo'es cast for each candidate; and
that officer was to make return to the county e'erk,
whose duty it was to add up the votes returned
from the-several town?, and give a certificate of
election to the candidate or candidates having the
greatest number. In fact, Henry Fellows, (Fede-
ral.) was elected by a heavy vote over Peter Allen,
(Democrat;) but the clerk of one of the towns
where Fellows had a large majority, in making his
return to the county officer, abbreviated the chris-
tian name of the Federal candidate, and teturned
so many votes for Htn. Fellows. The clerk of the
county, under the advice of Mr. Van Buren, then
Attorney General of the State, refused to count the
votes thus retained, and, rejecting the votes from
that entire town, declared a majority fur Peter
Allen, to whom he presented a certificate of elec-
tion. The vote of Allen gaye the Republican party
the preponderance of one in the Assembly, and of
coarse prevented the Federalists having the same
majority. Allen and Fellows both appeared, and,
at the organization of the House, claimed the seat.
Mr. Van Buren, the Attorney Genera?, bad the
management in the affair on behalf of the Repub-
licans, and the late Elisha Williams acted for the
Federal party. Mr. Tan Buren claimed that, as
Allen was the certified member, he was entitled to
his seat in the first instance, and that Fellows, even
if the rightful claimant, could only obtain it by a
vote of the Assembly •fter it shonld be duly organ-
ized. This, the correct constitutional doctrine, pre-
vailed. Mr. Allen took his seat—assisted in
choosing a council of appointment, by which Mr.
Fe  Burenrelaitudthe office of Attorney General, and
then was ousted, Mr. Fellows's right being conceded
by the unanimous resolution of the House. Here,
then, is a weigbt of authority which cannot be
overeóme.
The next question then, sir, arising in this case
is, have my colleagues the regular commission or
return?   Tne statute of New Jersey requires that
the Governor shall "commission, under the great
seal of the State, to represent th's- State in  the
House of Representatives of the Congress of the
United State?," "six persons."   He has done so—
here are the commissions given to my five col-
leagues and to myself.   It will not be proper, sir,
at this time, to go behind them to invettisate any
questions that may have arisen before the Governor
and Councik, when that time shall arrive, I sha'l
pe prepared to sustain the Governor and Council
jna.l then positions.   The commission then, sir,
ui giren pursuant to law by the Executive of the
BtaU, wider us great seal, the only means by which
tne people of   sovereign State can communicate
with another State or with the Ba ion.   This seal,
•if, is deari© Jerseymen, u well from its Revolu-
tionary reminiscences as from its being the medium
through which the people send forth their authority
or speak their will.   Twenty-six times has it been
affised to the commissions of Representatives to
this House, and never before has its validity been
qu-s'iooed; r.ever befoie bav* the sons of New
Jer*ey, and, lean of  all, those who had been
honored with the keeping of ihat great seal, been
placed in a a nation to deny its authenticity.   Sir,
these commisions are made out in due form.   I
hold in my band an authi r ty which cannot and
will not be denied by ihe gentlemen claiming seats
—it is my commission, sir, as a Repre¡entauve to
the Twenty-fif h Congress—literally a transcript of
ihe preseat conimi'Sicn of my colleagues: it has
affixed to it the same seal and the same Secretary's
name; but the signature of the Governor is liFh.
Dickeison,"    one   of   the   gentlemen   claiming
seats on this floor; and this, sir, has been  the
uniform  practice  of the  Sift'e  for  more  than
half a century.     But,  sir, the honorable mem-
ber from Virginia [Mr. Craig] intimates that there
is some fraud here that he wishes to get at.   Sir, if
that honorable gentleman's information is derived
from the source I fear it is, I wonder not that he
suspects fraud.   The great Upas of the Govern-
ment has spread its poisontus vapor throughout
the nation.   For more than a year it has been mys-
tifying and misrepresenting this case.    Not satis-
fied, sir, with misrepresenting my State and cons'i-
tnents through the ordinary channels of political
communication, the cloak of literature also has
been sought to cover its deform i y.   I allude to an
aiticle pub'ished in a certain Review, and circula-
ted in pamphlet form throvgh this Hall.   Sir, I
know that pamphlet well; it was but lately circula-
ted throughout Naw Jersey;   but the people of
that State  have   pas-ed   their   judgment   on   it
merits.   I   know not, sir, the  author.    I   hops
and trust he is no Jerseyman, for a brser at-
tempt to misrepresent a case was never conceived.
The law is misqu «red, the facts are misstated, and
the entire production is a gross perversion of the
whole matter.   I have much charity, sir, for hono-
rable gentlemen who derive their informa1 ion from
sach sources.   But, sir, the   honorable member
from Virginia is correct; there has been fraud, base
fraud—not, though, where he suspect;, but at the
ballot-box.    There, sir, where the most evil could
be done wiih the least liability  of detection, was
the attempt made to sap the foundation of free go-
vernment.   The ballot-box, sir, the palladium of
liberty !—preserve that pure, and we are safe. The
overgrown power and corruption of the Government
can only be ttied and humbled there.     Corrupt
the   ballot-box,   and   all   is  lost;   and  if  ever,
sir, our   political Eden  is subverted, there, sir,
there the destroyer will enter.   The honorable gen-
tleman and   myself  agree,  then,   to   discounte-
nance the fraud; but he would   jump at it at
once upon mere su-pic:on, where it does not exist.
I wouid wait tul we get proof where it does; he,
sir, would investigate it now, When we have no
evi lence—when we are powerless, and can gel none.
I wou'd wait till we are organized, when we can
send the Serceant-at-Aiins for witnesses to prove
the fraud.   But another honorable member [Mr.
Vandebpoel  of New York] says my colleagues
are claiming their seats  by a mere technicality.
Sir, did not  that honorable gentleman hear my
friend and coHegue [Mr. Maxwel] say yesterday
on this floor that he would scorn to hold his seat by
a technicality, or by any other means than a ma-
jority of the legal vo'e-?   I appeal to all who know
my colleagues here if they can cinceive them ca-
pable of such conduct.   Sir, hish and honorable
a* is a seat on this floor, rather than to h Id it by a
technicality or a majo ity compesed of illegal votes,
I would stffftr my right arm to perish from us
socket   Sir, is the holding the regular commission
from the Executive of the Stat , made pursuant to
its law,  back'd by the conscious belief, sustained
by evidence, that 'they have a majority of the legal
votes polled—is thi- c'a'nvng by a technicalityl   Is
tbe voice of a sovereign Sta'e, speaking through
its constitutional organ, the "small squeaking voice
of technicalityl"
Bnt sovereignty, says another honorable mem-
ber, [Mr. Picmws of Sooth Carolina,) is in the
people, not in the Governor and Council. Sir, I
agree wi h th^t honorable member, th^t sovereignty
is in the people; but bow, let me ask him, with due
respect, is that ptople to manifest the ac's of their
sove;egni>? Are ihey to proclaim it like the De-
m cracy of Athens, or through i s Executive? Sir,
I should like to know whom that distirgoi-hed
member considers ihe people of a sovereign State?
is it h«r citizens onl/, or dots he include alien
als >, and every inhabitant, without di tinctio:.? An
effort was made some years liace by an emissary
of a fore gn prince to d aw the dist nction between
the peop'e of this country and the Govtrnment of
the people; but his d stincuon met with lutte en-
couragement then.
[Here Mr. Pickens rose to explain, and was un-
derstood to say he meant to diaw no such distinc-
tion, or to give any opinion on the case from New
Jerey; but simply to insist that the House bad a
right to go behind the Governr r's commission, and
investigate the allegations of the parties ]
I understood the honorable member to go fur-
ther; but if by the House he meant the organized
House ef Represeniatives, then the gentleman and
myself agree. Much has been said by that hono-
rable m¡ mber about technicalities ai d lorm^; I
think, sir, that I have as much contempt for mere
forms and technicalities as any member on this
floor, but, sir, it is only through the forms of the
Constiiu'ion and the law that liberty itself can be
preserved; if necessity can be urged to abolish one
foim, "to-morrow, and to-morrow the fatal prece-
dent wi 1 plead," until the Constitution itself is
fri tered away, and we are at sea, without chart or
compass. Sir, it ¡s this very observance of forms—
the sanction of the law—that is our wa'ch by
day or guardian by night; it convert the peasant^
hut, though wretched and shattered it be, into a
castle that the strorg arm of the Government can-
not enter; in sol¡tu le, it is our security; our panoply
abroad; and in eve'y situation and relation of life,
our protection and reliance. And what is it, sir,
that guides us h re? Not the few officers of the
House, but the sanction of the law and its forms,
that surrounds us, like an invisible wall, and pro-
tects us in the discharge of our high and responsi-
ble duties. The honorable gentleman from South
Carolina told us about the "thunders of Heaven
from an in lignant people." Sir, I have
heard in New Jirsey much about the indignation
and "he thunder of the people, but as yei,sir, it has
been but merebrutumfulmen; and here stand my
colleagues, "unawtd, unsubdued, unterrified;" and
there sit the Governor and Council, unscathed by
the lighming, and unmoved by the spirit that rode
upon and directed the stoim.
[Here Mr. Vanderpoel rose, and inquired if
the Administration had not a majority of the aggie-
gate vo'es in New Jersey at the late election ]
Mr. Randolph said, the Government paper says
so, and kst one st tement thou d not be believed,
it ha< given them all, all of which are fallacious
and false, and based upon a comparison of tbe ma-
jorities, carefully eoncealing the acual vote?, of
this year wiih these of the last, when, in every
ccuity eicept one or two, where the Administration
have increased their majority, or decreased that of
their opponents, it has been done with fewer votes
than they polled last year; and Ihe aggregate vote
was near 10,000, or almost one-fifth short of last
year. In the counties having large majorities either
way, no effort was made. Sussex only polled about
1,000 votes, and yet it can give 1,500 Administra-
tion majority; the contest was for doubtful coun-
ties, and the Legislature; we carried all the former,
including the counties which embrace South Am-
boy and Millville, decreasing the majorities in both
of these townships; the Legislature, and the whole
power of the State we carried by an increased ma-
jority; the Administration vote is near 5,000 short
of last year.
But, Mr. Clerk, I would ask yon, sir, why have
yon received my comnvs ion, and enrolled my
name, and rejected Ihe names and the fac «mile
corhmissions of my colleagues? Why bate yon
thus distinguished me? Yoo have put upon me
too much honor, for which I ibank yo«im> ,«J
my constituents and my country w.U «°"J«*
yon.   Sir, the people, kind as they hm« been to
