Dee. 1S39.
2tlrH Covj ««« i r Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
New Jersey Question—Mr. Slade.
H. of Reps.
mg chuüs to seats, wh,!e it most effectuall/¡ar-
j-c-^d by the impa :b.lity of piuting questious on
those motions, ¡or want of a quorum competent to
cecide them.
1 i.e^d u. t recapitúlale the history of the four
dajSj-du.ing wa.eii i:ie meeting (it could not then
h: ca.'.td a lionv; oí' Representatives) straggled
ltoi1 c.uai'y to ieut\e itself from this extraordi-
nary and urpnceileiittd embarrassment. The
w ¡"'Oía oí* t.ií wi-est was tasked to devise the
wean^ of extrication. Piopositioa followed propc-
s.iion, a¡id íesolu'ion was piled on resolution.
Hat it was ail to no purpose, so long as there was
no quorum competent to act. Such quorum could
noi berscertair.ed by a call, without either calling
t,ie Representatives fiom New Jersey in the usual
wiisr, 01 emitting that State, to proceed to the call
ot the remaining States. The former was pre-
\e.nea by tiie alleged inability of the Clerk to de-
c.Je who on¿ht to be called from the State of New
J "5e_"; the iaittr, by his declining to take the re-
s;o!k-!'j Ilty of pitsinz New Jersey, and calling the
remaining States, without a direction which, there
bun.; no ascertained qaoium present, it was im-
poss.a'e should be criven.
I thought then and still think, that the Clerk
should have p'a-ed upon the roll, and called, the
nam?5 of the five gentlemen from New Jersey
holding commissions ftcm the Governor of that
State. I;i not doing it I think he greatly erred, be-
cause I regard those commissions, admitted, as
they are, to bear the genuine signature of the Go-
vernor, and seal of the State of New Jersey, to be
4he only legal "returns" of Representatives from
that S'a^i. II s error consisted in r garding the
eewtfica'e of the Secretary of State, produced by
•the opposing c'a.mants to seats, as a "return"
whiih shoul 1 place the individuals in whose favor
it wis g ven upon the footing of an equal claim to
sens with those hJdirg the commissions. Tne
cr ificate seemed to coi.ilkt with the commission,
when, in fact, regarded in the light of a "return"
within the meaning of the Cons'itution—in which
1 g'u only shonld the Clerk have considered it—it
did not t.ius conflict. But the Clerk, holding the
-csr£;fica!e of the Secretary of State to be a "re-
tarn," and exercising, as he must of necessity do,
nis'own j .dii.nent, however erroneous, in deciding
whteh ct ti.e claimant", under whst he deemed
c>rtic;i 7 returns, should be called, came to the
eonclusi>"'i that he cauld not decide, and therefore
called neither.
- Thus were we place! in the preHcament of be-
ii<? able of our own will to move neither forward
nor backward. A knot had been tied by the
CiAkk \vh ch it seemel impossiole to untie. For
this 1 do n t. however, cemure him so ma h as do
■some gentlemen, however much / may be censured
for declaring it. It is my duty, as it ism/ incli-
nation in this, as ia all o her cases, to award the
m"rit of pur.ty of intention until I have the olear-
es* evidence to the contrary.
The knot thus tied by a most nnprecedente 1 con-
cuvence oJc.rcumstauce-, the Clerk might have
cut by ta'cirp; the  respons bility  of going forward
v,"i h he call nut 1 all the State-;, with the exception
of New Jersey, should have bee i completed.    I
toll h r.i, here m my place, some days ago, that he
sV"iU do th ", and get u- ojt of the difficulty by
t ¡2 aeertamment of a quorum which sh juld be
o-np f ,t to act oi the questions then pressing
tr-cnuE.   I thTjqht he should   either do this, or
ys.fi- r>i h s j-o1! t'-e nümes rf one or the other set
of davnant .   To do ne'tker left us ;n the   condi-
tono' a ípi^iy, shape es*, unorganized ma-s,
<• nt< n;ii2f. ii'c"', the elements of p wer, bnt yet,
to l',1 rract'cl Tnpo-e5-, a> powerless ani motion-
''-3 as the mai'ik nii'n-j by which we   were snr-
r undiA
Tlrjs bitoateJ, there seemed but one mede of ex-
tr.cauon left us.   it wa; to assume that there was
a qnorum present, and proceed to act accordingly.
\>as to cuttbeknoi which we had been long la-
in vaia tofciuie.   Th s you di 1 when you
".auressedtoejassem! ly as "fellow-citizens
ci  elect «f ihc twenty-s xth   Conrre>.s,"
a resolution for its   action.    What
you .a s cegtm was completed by the vote which
L
bono;
•roc-,eanJ
and rap"ibe
and proposed
h s
carried you to that chair, and gave us an officer to
preside over our deliberations.
When you, sir, ascended to that seat, we fondly
hoped, in the ecstacy of our joy in hiving escaped
frum the toils in which we had been for four days
entangled, that full and complete deliverance was
immediately befo.e us. But a little experience
convinced us of our enor. Wesson found that
we bad cut one knot only to tie another. For-
merly, the gieat difficulty that met us at every turn
w*s, that do quest on could te put; now, the diffi-
culty was soon found to be, thnt no que tion could
be decided; and thit is the difficulty which now
presses upon us, and seems de tined indefin tely to
embarrass our proceedings.
The great questions directly before usare, shall
the names of the gentlemen ho'ding the commis-
sions of the Governor of New Jeney be called and
they be enrolled as member¡ of the House of Repre-
sentatives? Or shall the roll, in the first instance,
be made up of undispu'ed members from other
States, leaving the question of the right of the gen-
tlemen from New Jersey to member sh'p to be af-
terwards decided?
Now, sir, the difficulty is, that, ins'ead of meet-
ing these questions directly, we are perpetually
drawn off upon the collateral question, who shall
vote upon these questions? Thus, for example,
upon the question on the resolution of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Wise ] that the Clerk
be directed to call those gentlemen from New Jer-
sey holding the Governor's commissions, the ques-
tion arises, shall thty be permitted to vote] The
Chair, on the question being propounded to him by
ti.e tel ers, decides that they may vote. From this
decision an appeal is taken; and, upon the question
whether the deck-ion of the Chair shall stand as
the judgment of this House, the question again
aiises, shall the gentlemen from New Jersey be
j>erm tted to vote? Now, supp sing t at the I hair
"again decides that they may vote, or if he reveses
his former decision, and decides that they may not
vote, in either case there may again be an appeal.
And thus it is easy to see we shall be driven on
from decision to appeal, and from appeal to de-
cs on, ad infinitum, while the great question, who
shall be called and enrolled from the State of New
Jersey, is left at an almost sightless distance be-
hind us!
The Chair has been complained of with, as I
think, a very captLus and unreasonable severity
by the gentleman irt m New Yo.k [Mr. Vander-
P0EL)f>r un'ertaking to decide who should be
counted. It ha> been termed with much harshnesi
an act of grots usurpation; but who called upon the
Chair to make a dec sion in this case? Who but
the gentleman frtm Vi'ginia, [Mr. Dromcoole,]
who uniformly ve tes and acts with those who have
denounced you as an usurper'? Wculd the gentle-
man from New York have thus censured yi u if
you had decided that the votes cf the New Jersey
gentlemen should not be coun'ed? And yet he
might as well cnll that an act of usurpation as the
one he has so liberal'y denounced.
But, sir, what would have been the difference,
as to the result, between your deciding whose votes
should or should not be counted, and declining, as
I think it would have been moat prudent for you to
have done, to make any decision? In the latter
case, if, on the count by tellers, it should be ascer-
tained that the gentlemen from New Jersey had
Toted, the question might immediately arise, shall
their votes be counted? and, on thai question, the
question would again rise, shall the votes of the
gentlemen from New Jersey be counted? If you
sheuld again decline to decide, and, on counting, it
should be again found that the gentlemen from
New Jersey had voted, then might'the question
again be started, shall their votes be counted? And
thus we might be again driven en from the giving
of disputed vetes to the question whether they
should be couuted, and from that to the giving
again of disputed votes, ad infinitum. Tha«, sir,
takeitwhi-h way we will, we are perpetually
moving in a circle—g' ing lorward in a process
that is, idib its nature, never ending; while the
greaS question is l«ft undecided.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what shall be dont? How
shall we sscape from the net in which we are thus
en'angled? How come directly to action on the
great question, who shall be called and enrolled as
members from the State of New Jercey? There
are, it seems to me, but two ways in which this
may be accomplished. The most direct and ready
of these is, for the New Jersey members, whose
seais are contested, to decline voting on any ques-
tion affecting their right to seats here. The endless
process which I have described would be thus ar-
rested, and we might be brought to a direct vote
upon the question whether their names shall be
called, and they admitted to take their seats on this
floor.
Now, sir, I am not the conscience-keeper of
these gentlemen, and do not think it becomes me to
volunteer any advice to them in regard to this
matter. It the case were my own, I should not be
long in deciding what it became me to do. It is
for ihcm, however, to say what they will d-j on
this occasion.
If the question is to perpetually recur, whether
they may rightfully vote, then is the great question,
in its direct form, perpetually thrust from before
us, and we tread an endiess round in the pursuit of
that which will forever elude onr grasp.
But is there no other remedy? Must we remain
in our present position? Is "confusion worse con-
founded" to maintain perpetual empire in this
Hali? Mr. Chairman, was there ever a delibera-
tive body in a worse condition than this? Here,
sir, are we, like a ship in a storm, without sails,
rigging, masts, compass, chart, or helm, rolling
and tossing among the angry billows; sometimes
one end foremost, and sometimes the other; now
trembling on the summit of the mountain wave, and
now plunging as if to ocean's fathomless depths.
One moment we are struck by a sea on one side,
and at the next we meet in the recoil a heavier sea
on the other. The wind—of which surely we have
enough! blows in ah directions; and, what is not a
little extraordinary, often at the same moment!
There seemed, indeed, about a week ago, to be
at one time a little hope of reachtng a safe harbor.
It was when the gentleman from Virginia before
me [Mr. Wise] offered a resolution proposing that
the Clerk should be directed "to call the names of
gentlemen whose rights to seats are not contested;"
and that, on the appearance of a quorum, it should,
before proceeding to the choice of a Speaker,
"hear and decide upon all credentials, certificates,
or commissions or persons claiming seats" on this
floor. When I witnessed the manner in which the
annunciation of this resolution was received on all
sides of the House, I thought we were upon the
point of entering port, and congratulated myself
that I should soon be permitted to place my feet
once more upon íerr firma. But, sir, I was doom-
ed to disappointment, for, a contrary wind at that
moment springing up, there soon blew a gale from
the northwest, which drove us again into the open sea.
The gentleman from Virginia finally yielded, and
withdrew his resolution; and, from that time to
this, "neither tun nor stars in many days appearing,"
have we been rocked by the whit 1 winds, and lashed
by the surges of. this tempestuous sea.
Now, sir, I again ask, what shall be done? Is
there no deliverance—no escape from the perils of
our present condition,?
Sir, if the gentlemen from New Jersey feel it due
to themselves and their Stale not to decline voting,*
so that we shall continue to find ourselves ob-
structed by the recurrence of the ques''on, who
shall vote? we may well despair of ever getting
what may properly be called a roll of the Hi.use by
the ordinary process, and shall, iherefore, hope in
vain to arrive at an organization in ire uMia! way.
What we want is a Hodse op Represíntativis
that can act. That is the great desideratum. Now,
though, from necessity, assumin? to act as a House,
we are, in truth, not a House. We are a mere in-
formal meeting of supposed members elect of the
Twenty-sixth Congress, there bfiog, as yet. nothi-2
placed on r.-cord—for there is yet no recorded
roll—by which evilcnce i* furnished that we have
recognised each other as member*.   Iu « > coruu-
*They subsequent declined. TheJ^n*e ™
brought to a vote on the mm qntst-on, and the
roll called.
