S4
APPENDIXTO THE C0N61tB9S1ÜtfAL GLOBE.
£6rn Coi«>' — 1*t Sbs .
Dec 1839.
Mw Jersey Question-~Mr. Slade.
H. of,Repg.
lion, the eonstitn.ional right «f one-fifth of the
members present to demand the yeas and naya can*
not attach to as, for without a roll the yeas and
•ays cannot be «ailed. None of our votes caa,
therefore, be recorded, and none ef Us are, or in our
present condi'ion can be, sworn.
Now, sir, how shall we get a House? We have
been trying in vain these many days to get one by
catling a mil. Bat is the ctfling, of a roll essential
to the formation of a House? Nearly a week ago,
before you were placed in that chair, I suggested to
the Clerk, that he might extricate us from our eov*
barrassmenl by ascertaining, witaotU a call, «hoof
the members elect were actually present; and there-
upon, if a quorum of undisputed members was
found to beberé, to announce the fact, record their
names, in 1 declare bis readiurss to put to them
aoy question that might be proposed fur their deci-
sion.
This course you may now take as a last resortj
directii g the Clerk to record the -names of mem-
bers ascertained by you to be present, whose right
to seats is uncontested.„ It would be agr.in tutting
Ike knot; but, if there is a knot that matt be cot,
that you are the man Who will net shrink irom the
lesponsibttity of performing the operation, espe-
cially in Mod* an emergency as this, we have a
suffi- ient pledge in the fearlessness with which you
rose in your place, on a late emergency, and said,
"fellow citizens and members elect of the Twenty-
sixth Congress of' the Uui-ed States, I address
myself to you, and not to the Clbrk in the chair,
under * painful sense of my ownilntf."
If the course I hare sag estad is unprecedented,
(So is the occasion which demand-i it- And, sir, if
the members elect from New Jersey, - «hese right
a seats is- contested, -are set to vote on the ques-*
lion of that right— as irisevident they cannot do
if it is.ever to be- decided-—what difference «ill it
make to them that-a House of Representatives is
formed in the manner I have suggested, provided
the question of their title to seatsranatt be deter-
mined, as it should, and doubtless* wilt t e, before
order shall be taken by the House en another bu-
f Having bee* thus enrolled ani announced as
members elect of the 26th Congress, preseat at
the time and pUSfe appointed by law for it  meet-
ing, let the-oath or affinrwtion be thereupon ad-
minis'ered, a« provided in theC*nsti trtion. With-
out the taking of such oaifa or afirma ion, by which
the Constitution (art. 6th) declares7 that Senators
and Representatives "Orntt be bound," it seems to
me mat we cannot rightfully proceed a single step
in the performance «f our duties. * •
" I am aware thai tbetew of 1789, referred to the
other day-by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Barnard,! proves «At fee Speaker shall, imme-
diately upen his eteetitro, admniter the oath or
affirmation to the members. Bui dees it, there-
fore,- follow that it rannot be adormiste, ed before
such-©tee'am? ^ By what authority is the oath, pre*
scribed in the same clause of the Constitution, ad-
ministered io the President try the Chief Justice of
the Unied States? By tsoñe, eicept the general
authority of that ftmetósary to administer, in vir-
tue of his judicial office, all oaths provided for by
the Constitution of the United States. The bjw of
1789 prdvdes for the swearii^ of the members
after thee ection of a Speaker, but who doesr not
fee, who, ifl'esd^ does not nnw knoWj that the
House of Representatives may be called on to ei-
ercise some of it* most important and responsible
functior s before the election of a Speaker? •   .
Let, then, the Chef Ju-t ce of this District, who
has atrtho-ity to administer alt lawful oaths within
its limit*, be mviied to Uk* hs stand at that table
and administer the oath to support the Con tiio-
tion oí the" Uni ed Sutes to the members whose
names shall hare thus been enrolled. Then, ti*,
shall we be a House, compe'ent to act in the exe-
cution of the high trust which the people and the
Constitution have committed top.    -            —
But what shall we then have a right todo,
totíchíoz the question which has agitated thw body
for the last eight days? Sir, we shall have aright
" to judge of lh3 elections, returns, and quaUfica-
tiorjs":of the members chosen or supposed to be
chosen, to represent the people on this floor.   That
right we srgtH have derived from the Constitution
of the united States, which declares that " each
Ht+se shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifies! ons of its own members." " Each
House." What is a " House," within the meaning
of thi* clause of the Constitution? Let the Con-
stitution itself answer. The second section de-
clares that the " House of Representatives shall be
composed of members chosen every second year
by the people of the several States." It has been
said on mis floor that there cannot be a House com-
petent to make any decision on a question involv-
ing ft judgment' as to the right of members to seats,
until it shall have been organized by the e'ection
of Speaker and Clerk. But such is not the lan-
guage of the Constitution. A Speaker and Clerk
are not essential e'ements in the composition of a
"House," for the Constitution dec'ares that it
shall be composed of members chosen by the people.
When the Representatives elected, ora quorum of
them, have come together at the piare appointed by
law, and recognised each other as members, thtn is
there a House of Representatives, organized and
competent, having taken the oath, " to judge of
elect;ons, r. turns, and qualifications." A presid-
ing officer, of some name, and a Clerk, are indeed
necensaiy for its efficient action; the one to receive
and proponed questions, and the other to record
the proceedings on them. But they are not neces-
sary to make a House of Representatives. They
do not give it its power, but are themselves the
creatures of that power; for the Constitution de-
clares that "the House of Representatives shall
choose their Speaker sod other officers;" manifestly
implying that it is a House of Representatives be-
fore sown «boléete made.
-And, sir, it re Ho  only a House of Representa-
tives before the choice of its Speaker and Cleik,
but it isvrganlsttd, in the most important and es-
sential meaning of that term. To organize, is, ac-
cording; to the best lexicographers, "to construct
[bring together] so that one part may ¡eo-opetate
with another." Thus the Representatives of the
people do not, before they assemble, constitute a
J%«* of Representatives, organized in any sense,
for they ire but the scattered elements of which it
is to be "eomposed." But as soon as they are
brought together, at the' time 'and place provided
by law for their assembling, and have recognised
each, other in' the character of Representatives,
the  -may all the parts "co-operate." They be-
come an organized body, capable of concentrated
action, and may proceed, being sworn, to judge of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of those
whose rights to seats shall be contested.
But it has been said by the gteatietain from
Georgia before me, f Mr. Coopta.] that the Con-
stitution authorizes the House to judge of the elec-
tions, return , and qualifications only of its "own
number*," and therefore that it cannot judge in the
eaee^fthe New Jersey member  elect, tin til they
shall'have taken < their seat««j Humbert of the
Home. His language waf: ''Without being in bis
srat, exercising Mr rights, the member «J*«t is no
member;* from which he drew the -aonclosion
that/inasmuch as the House could "jadge" only
ia the caw of its own members, the gentlemen re-
turned from New Jersey must, in the first place,
be admitted to seats- as" member* before the House
«said act upon the question of their right to t«
members.
NoWt sir, If this reasoning proves any thing, it
seem  to me it proves too much.* Does it not bring
us to the conclusion that the question whether a
seat shallb  ntJfetn by a claimant to it «an never be
considered by the body of which he seeks to be-
come a* member, until he has acfttttiy taken his
seat, and thus precluded the powibriitv of action on
ike question'whether it thtdl be taken? This is the
inevitable conclusion from that construction of the
Constitution which makes a man a member defacto,
in order to give the House jurisdiction-of his case
And ean any thing be more preposterous and ab-
surd than this7                                         s
With great respect for the logical acumen of the
gentleman from Gecrgia, at well as for himself, I
must be permitted to say that he has carried his
favorite-doctrine of strict construction to the extent
of a tigid adherence to the men letter, in opposition
to the manifest meaning of the Constitution. Thns
he gave emphasis to the word "own" in the expres-
sion "each House shall be the judge of the elec-
tions, &c. of its own members," when it is mani.
fast that that word was introduced, not to give em-
phasis to the supposed idea of actual membership
but as a natural and necessary exp'etive, in speak-
ing of the membership—in whatever sense that
word m'ght have been used—of one House, in dis-
tinction lrom that of the o her.
In common parlance, those who are elected as
Representatives are denominated members of
Congress; yet nobody understands that they are
any thing more than members elect until admitted
to seats on this floor. In strictness, they can, until
admitted to seats, be e'enominated only Representa-
tives to represent the people in the Congress of the
United States, and cannot be called members,
since membership necessarily implies organization,
which cannot take place until the Representatives
elect are brought together and embodied so as to
form a House.
The evident meaning of the Cons'itution is, that
the House shall be the judge of the elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members elect.
Indeed, the gentleman from Georgia seems him-
self, after all, to regard membership jn such a light
as to g.ve countenance to this construction, and
overturn the whole , argument he had based upon
the assumption that there must be actual member-
ship; that is, "being in his seat, exercising his
ngh's," in order to enable the House to judge; for
he afterwatds says, 'Shey (the New Jersey claim-
ants under the Governor's commission) were mem-
bers feefote you or I assembled here." Now, fir,
if, according to the gentleman's declarat on, a per-
son elected as a RepresenUtive is a member before
the assembling of the Reprise tative?, and, of
course, before he shall have taken his seat, may
not the House, according to his own reasoning,
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
such member before he takes his seat? He makes
the power of the Houce to judge depend upon the
fact of membership, and then declares that such
membership exists before the Represen'aives as-
semble. Plainly, thtn, the Imitation of thejud-
cial power of the House to the case of "its own
members" does not, as the gentleman contends,
make aetval membership a condition precedent to
the exercise of the power.
But it is said that the House has no power to
entertain the question wheher the gentlemen bring-
ing commissions from the Governor of New Jer-
sey shall take seats on this floor, because the State
of New Jersey has herself adjudged upon this
qnes-t on, and die returns of the Governor of that
Sate,in the form of commissons, are conclusive
evidence of that judgment. But to what conclu-
sion will this lead us? If there is any force in this
sogge tion, who shall limit is application? D es
it not app'y wi<h equal force to the general power
of the Hon e of Representatives to judge of the
elettitm* of i s member*? May it not be said, at
«*> stage of ihe-proceedings, that the State has ad-
judged upon the question cf the right of the claim-
ants holding its comoni'sio .? And is not, in effect,
all power over this subject thus taken from the
House of Representative-?
If, as I think I have shown, a quorum of undis-
puted members of the Twenty-sixth Congress, be-
ing sworn, will have power, before the election of a
Speaker, to judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of those who shall not have been ad-
mitted to seats, the question will next arise—Te
what extent should the power be then exercised?
Obviously, it seems to me, only to the extent of
judging of the "returns" of the members. To go
behind them, at that stage of its organization,
would ia most cases, and certainly in the present
case, involve a delay in the permanent organiza-
tion of the House which would be ruinous to the
public interests. - Who is willing to keep the
wheels of Government at a dead stand until the
whole merits of the New Jersey election shall have
been investigated and decided? Who does notsee that
an entire month will not suffice for that investiga-
tion, reaching, as it will, the ballot boxes, and in-
quiring, as it may, into the validity of perhaps two
or three hundred vote* deposited in them?
