Dec. 1839.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE 
sr
26th Cong- —1st Skss.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Sallonstall.
H. of Reps.
Never, until now, has any one, with such a c 'rn-
nvssioa in his hand, beei rejectfd; en the con-
trary, such persons hive always beei qualified and
taken Ihnr seats, although at the time it was per-
fe tly we'l known that there were claimants who
would insist before the Hou<e that they, and not
the commissioned individuals,   had been legally
e!e;ted, and o\\*htlo have been returned.   Let an in-
stance be produced to the contrary.   There never
wa-ione.   Amon* all the ca^es of contentad elec-
tions no except on is to be found.   No one ever
moved that persons holdng returns should be recog-
nised as membeis; they were admitted of course.
Why, thei, this uew proceeding?   Here is no con-
flct betweei  returns.     Wno   pretends that the
claimants hull credentials according to the laws of
NewJerse)?   I call up in their friends to show
their commissions.     They cinnot  be produced.
Tdey do not exist; and although the resolution of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Khett,]
making it the daty of this Hou^e to decide who
are entitle I ti seaf«, is still in fore?, no one will
now rise in his place and say thit they ought to te
admit'ed.   No one moves it.    Why not?    Because
they are not regularly returned.   They have no
legal evidence of ih°ir right to seat?.   Although
gentlemen have mirched up to the piint of reject-
ing men who hold the regular legal  returns, there
they stop; they cannot bring themselves to take the
one step further, and admit persons who have no
returns to show.   Still we have seen these claim-
ants coming into this hall,  (the fir^t time the^i:-
tempt was ever made )   We have seen them come
within this bar, put ther names upon seats in this
House, and occupy them during the debate.   Nay,
we have ssen them go forward and vote!   Ye>, we
have seen ten or e'even persons vote as Represen-
tatives from a State entitled,  under the Constitu-
tion, to but fix!   This is in violation of all usage;
and if it is hereafter to be followed as a precedent,
we have seen enoDgh to satisfy us that it must pro-
duce the utmost embarrassment and confusion.
Mr. Chairman, I contend that it clearly follows,
frum the principles and the facts I have stated, that
t'.ie gentlemen who present themselves here w,th
commisúons from the   Executive authorities of
New Jersey, issued in pursuance of the laws of
th; State, are, at this moment, members of this House
Representatives.   Their commissi! ns are not now
merely prima facie ev.deace;  they are conclusive as
to their present right to seats. I ask, then, by what
authority can we reject them?    I know it has been
sa,d that ther* is a circumstance which d ffers ihis
case from others, bull have not been able to see
it.   What is it?   Why, forsooth, that the evid«nce
in favor of those contesting the sea's has been
handed to the Clerk of this House;  whereas, in
preceding cases, tha   was never done.   And why
net?   Because it is a settled principle of parlia-
mentary law, that a claimant  who disputes the
r ght of a returned member must come here by
petition.   He must come, as a gentleman from
Pennsylvania, who had taken a seat on this floor,
but who has been dismis ed very unceremoniously,
will come.   There is no dispute as to the practice.
The rale of this House js founded upon it.  What
is the meaning of this rule?   Let us see it: " It
sha 1 be the duty of the Committee of Elections to
examine and  report upon the certificates of elec-
tion or other credentials of the members returned
to serve in this House, and to take into their con-
sideration all such petitions and other matters touch-
ing elections and returns as shall or may be pre-
sented or come into question  and be referred to
them by the House."   This rule is the law ot the
House on this subjict.   It is made the duty of the
committee, appointed after the House is organized,
to examine and report upon petitions touching elec-
tions and returns.
This rule, and the practice under it, account for
the loose manner in which the roll ha' been made
out—from newspapers, private letters, or personal
information. There being but one regular return
from a d strict, and contested elections being ex-
.. amined by committees upon petitions from the
claimants, no confusion will ordinarily arise.
The invariable usage as to contested election? is
(be only correct, indeed, the only practicable mode
of pioceeding.   I believs the House is now satis-
fied of this.
The expediency of the usual course has never
been questioned.    No attempt to alter the rule was
ever  made.   Then, if certain gentlesen hold the
official return?,  with  the usual attestation of the
State authorities, I hold that their right to be quali-
fied as members is perfect.    I go with the gentle-
man  from South Caiolina  [Mr.  Rhett] in his
doctrine  that legal commissions from a sovereign
State confer a title to seats in the first instance.    If
this is State Rights doctrine, I am a State Rights man.
It is sound constitutional doctrine. What! when the
Constitution has settled the number of Representa-
tives to which each  State is entitled; when it has
conceded to them the power of legislating on their
own elections and return*, can it contended, for
one moment, and that, too, by State Rights men,
that persons producing legal returns shall not be
recognised as her Representatives?   A  few days
ago, I should have said this was impossible.   But
we have seen commissions under the great seal of
a State,  embodying all the authority of a State,
held up to ridicule!    We have heard it asserted, in
this deíéfe1,  that a subordinate officer, wholly un-
authorized by law, may furnish a certificate, under
his own seal, entitled to as much, and in this case to
more, respect than that cf the Chief Magistrate,
who, and who alone, is empowered by law to grant
commissions to Representatives.   All this—these
returns with the formalities of law, the highest evi-
dence known to the law, are said to be mere techi-
calilies—forms of law!   The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Vanderfoel] rejoices that we have cast
aside these trammels of the law.   He calls them
technicalities—special pleading!   Sir, if such doc-
trine is to be sanctioned by our decision, I shall
consider it as one of the mo«t melancholy events
in the legislative history of this country.   I say it
more in sorrow than in anger.    I solemnly believe
that nothing has occurred since the adoption of the
Constitution which inflicts so deep a wound on all
precedent, on the authority of constitutional law
and usage, and on the rights of the States and the
people, as will be infl e'ed if we deprive New Jer-
sey of her representation in Congress.   I rejoice,
therefore, that the question has been brought again
under consideration, and I would fain hope that
gentlemen will consent to adjourn, and take a sober
thought before th y conc mmate that act on which
they appear to have  resolved.   The intervention
of one n'ght more before the final  decision can
surely  make no great difference; yet it will allow
space, I will not say for repentance, but for reflec-
tion.   And I believe that, when we shall have left
this scene of excitement, and shall be in the quiet
of retirement—when we shall look back upon the
history of our proceedings, none of us will regret
this night's delay.
So strong ii my conviction of the right of the
returned members to seats, that I cannot believe
that there is a constitutional lawyer of any reputa-
tion in the country who could have hesitated in
coming to an opinion in their favor, unless his
mind had been pre-occupied by some deep, con-
trolling party prejudice. Yet the gentleman from
New York congratulates the House and the coun-
try on the failure of the resolution of the gentleman
from Virginia, (although it was not lost by the
vole of a majitity, but by a tie vote ) "The peo-
ple have obtained their rights—we have thrown off
the fetters of technicality and the furmuoflaw!"
Let me ask that honorable gentleman what he
means by the forms of law? Throw off the forms
of law! Why, sir, ara not the forma of law the
gieat security of our rights? Are they not safe-
guard", set around us to protect all that is dear to
us? By way of illustration, let me refer that gen-
tleman to the 4th article of the amendments to the
Constitm'on:
"The right of the people to be secure in their
per oas, houses, papers and effects, against unrea-
sonable searches and fe'zares, shall not be vio-
lated; and no warrants sha.'l issue but upon proldb7e
cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particu-
larly describing the place to be searclud, and the per-
sons or thing to be seized."
First the principle, then the forms of Uw pro-
vided to render it effectual,  Here is our security—
the forms if law provi'ei in this article, which
the people Jecned imp irtant enough to add to the
Constitution. Sir, under the&e forms of laxo we
rest securely. No man can touch cur persons, or
seize a thing belonging to us, or enter our dwell-
ings, un'e^ upon a warrant made in conformity
with these forms. What is to save us, in times of
high party exe'tement and commotion—times
which may ome upon us, as they have upon other
nations—what, in such times, is to save us from
such outrages as were comm.tted every day and
every hour amidst the bloody scenes of the French
Revoluiion, but a sacred regard to ;e tied forms
and ^fge>, which are indeed the settled principles
of law? Would the gentleman congratu'ate the
country on having the article I have read struck
from the Constitution—ca^t eff as mere techni-
cally—special pleading? Sir, forms of law, legal
evidence of the highest character under which the
members from New Jersey demand their rights
to-day, may be the only security of jourself, of
myself, or the gentleman from New York, to-
morrow.
I might go on and illustrate the enormity of his
position, by teferring to other parts of the Consti-
tution and to our laws; but I will not take up the
time of the House in establishing or illustrating
what is so plain and obvious.
I might refer to civil processes—these are all
forms of law. A deed also. Why should such
effect be given by law to a privóte seal? Why
must a contract for real estate be in writing to be
valid? Why mu*t a will, to operate on real estate,
be attested by three witnessed These are all
forms—mere forms! But I will not enlarge. The
gentleman quite sneered, also, at any reference to
precedents. He talked of "meTe precedents"—
"the u^agc of this House." They were al-o "forms
of law." Mr. Chairman, what are precedents?
That question was admirably answered by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise.] "They
are the very definitions of the law." What are
usages? Are they not the foundation of almost
all our law; nay, of our Constitution itself? The
British Confutation, too. Where will he go to
show me that celebrated system of Government?
He will admit, I suppose, thai there is such a thing
as an English Constitution, and that it is well un-
derstood and defined; but where will he [find it set
forth in term-? Nowhere. It res s on usage
alone We boast that we have a written Constitu-
tion; but if, for mere temporary or party purposes,
we go on changing usage after usage, the British
Constitution, though unwritten, will, ere long,
be more certain and belter understood than our
own.S
Letpie «sk gentlemen from New York (tor I
understandhe is a lawyer) what is the common
law but a venerable succession of usages? What
is it, I ask, but a series to* precedents, which have
become settled principles? And yet our fathers con-
sidered it of some value. They claimed it as their
birth right. They rose as one man in its defence.
What right is held more sacred than the trial by
jury? But what is it? Where is it defined?
Where do you find of bow many a jury shall con-
sist, or what shall be a valid verdict? Not in the
Constitution or the^ Statute Book. You go to the
records of judicial' decisions; in other words, to
usage—to precedents.
And whe e do you find our own Cfnstitution, as
practically understood and administered? In this
little book? No. A reiy small part only is he e?
It is to be found in judicial decisions, legislative
proceedings, and, unfor.unately, of late, in Execu-
tive constructions—construrtiors sometimes given
without much regard to d'eisions, either legislative
or judicial. To ilústrate in one instance: The
power of «mora!, that tremendous powtr, wh ch
has rendere I this Government one great Executive
unit—which has thrown the Executive chain
around the ent re Confed- ra".y—wh*re do you find
that powe ? Not here. Is it rot expressly gran'ed
in this ins'rument. Is it fonnd only (<f at a ) in
the conduction gven to the appointing power—a
cons-ruction, the correctne s rf which « net ad-
mired by many of our most emmet, satesmen.
If the gentlemen will throw away  £§«. *«d tram-
pie on precedents, he will find it difficult to ma*.
