40
#W*N tX TO THE COKGttftS&tOÑAL atOBE.
£6th Con -•••1st. Sess.
MwriMw Am
Eléititovf Prinltr^Mr. Bynum.
Dec 4Sá8?
U. of Reps.
CUrlc be drrected t*#mploy some person or" per-
sons to do the necessu-jr pan irtg of the House on
the sute terms it had been done at fonnei ses-
sions."                                *.    •
A motion was mfcdeoy Mr. Qíenbeli to lsy Mv
Bronson's resolution on the table, and very-fort*-
nately the yeas and nays happen to be recorded «n
that subject; aad-how do they stand? Why, sir,
we find «corded, in favor oflaying this resotetioa
on the table, [Mr B. reading from the journal,} the
names of Messrs. Adavs, Alien, Atcrjsg, Bond,
Huffman, Mason of Orno, Dawson, tfec. It went
through the whole Whig alphabet, Iron John
Q.UINCY Adams to Tsomas Jokes York*. Now,
sir, (said Mr. B.) the resolution that I havejast
read, introduced by Mr. Broken, a member from
New York, was in substance identically sach a re 
solu'ion as is now proposed by the honorable mem-
ber from Georgia, [Air. Dawson,] whose patriotism
has been so inflamed upon this occasion, and which
has been advocated withso much warmth by bis ho-
norable friend from Ohio, [Mr. B no,] againc* whkh
stands recorded tüe names, for all time to come, of
these two most honorable and consistent gentlemen.
But, sir, why should they alone be rebuked, when
their names are accompanied with nine-tentbi of
their party?
Yes, sir, the resolution of Mr. Bronson, identi-
cally the same in substance as Mr Dawson's, was
voted down by a unanimous Whig vote; bat Mr.
Dawson's is now, by the same party, to be voted
up, under similar, if not precisely the same, c&>
cumstances; displaying an inconsistency, the inevi-
ble result of all parties that act without the leait
regard to principle. These things should not be 
No party can or should long endure, that would
thus attempt to practise on the credulity of man-
kind.
At that time, the Wh'g and Conservative parties
iu this House were thirsting for some of the spoils,
as they now call it, and voted to get rid of every
resolution or propoátiftn to suspend the election of
a public Printer for any period. Now, however,
the times are changed, and gentlemen necessarily
change their action with them. If these gentle-
men had the same prospect, by any combination,
of e'ecting their Printer, which they had at the
last Congress, they would be the last men to post-
pone or thwart an t lection of public Printer; but
now that there was a probab lny that another
Printer wouM be e'cct d, they used every means
within their power f> stave oil' .he question by dis-
tracting and embarrassing the business of the
House by every means that ingenuity could in-
vent But, sir, there w«s another favorite proposi-
tion of these gentlemen, submitted at the time Mr.
Bronson's resolution was under consideration.
Mr. Pickens at that time moved an amendment,
"that the printing of the House be given out by
contract," and on this proposition the names of the
gei.tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams ] and
oí" the gentleman fnm New York, [Mr. Hoff-
man,] ware recorded in the negative, aud others,
now of the Opposition.
[Mr. Hoffman explained that he had voted
against this amendment because he believed then
as he now believed, that the House could not give
out their printing by contract until the resolution
of 1819 was repealed]
Mr. BYNUM. The gentleman's explanation
is perfectly satisfactory; but how was it with re-
gard to iorre ten or a dozen of his friends who
vote 1 in the same way with Mr. John C. Clark
at their heal? I admit that a majority of the Admi-
nistration party voted with these gentlemen,nnd they
did sm because they believed it impracticable to en-
ter inte an investigation of so important a matter,
while they were in the act of balloting for a Piint-
er, and when ths important business ft r which
they had been calkd together w as pressing up-n
then . This wa* a matter which required time and
careful scrutiny, and the Hou-e was then unpre-
prepared to go into it, as it is now unprepared to
do so. It was impossible for the House now after,
it had spent a month of the session in idle, useless
debate, to go into this matter and put off the im-
portant business of the country for another month;
and if gentlemen are serious in regard to this mat-
ter, let them wait until the House is organised in
the'regular and umalway, and the elections gone
through wtth.-alid then introduce this matter in
the shape of a resolution of till direct. It is a
question which requires time for investiga iort and1
reflection. H myself am not now prepared to say
bow I should tote on this question when it is pro-
perly brought up. Several years ego, I voted for
Mr. Ficx*NS's resolution. ~* I offered a similar one
the other ifay, and I did it as a kind of peace offer-
ing. I would flow, after Há* election is gone iíto,
and carried out, renew that resolution honestly
am 1 in good* faiu>. A* at present impressed, I
tiraki should vote for a separation of ta¿ Govern-
ment from the political press; but I have not ex-
amined the matter sufficiently in detal to enible
me to speak positively on the subject. "Butt
want a cool, deliberate, and hoaett investiga-
tion of the subject; and if it can be disco-
vered that good wi.l result from a separation of the
Government from the political press, I will g.i for
if. But, air, I do not desire to intermit trifling
with serióos matters, because, not having the ta-
lents of some gentlemen on this floor, I am unable
effectually to mystify these questions before the'
public and the world; and if I was to attempt to do
so, I should be exposed, as I ought to be, to the
indignant frowns of an honest peop'e. Sir, my
const taents are too bonert and discerning to tolerate
for a moment such an at'empt.
t shall now say a few words in reply to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, iMr. Bond ] with regard to the
petition of Francjig P.Bteif. On mat subject, too,
ifl amuotéfritteuily mistaken, I thinkIshall be
able to sbowthe most reckless want of all regard
for consistency, I will ndf" say principle, by that
honorable member and his consistency loving party.
I will show that the latter part of the resolution,
now proposed by the honorable member from
Georgia, was then entertained, growing out of the
petition of Mr. Blair, and a motion for a seleet
committee, for a reference of the whole matter,
was resisted almost unanimously by the selfsame '
party; and I think that the journals will show that
these same gentlemen then resisted the reference
of this identical proposition to a select committee
of this House. He would read the resolution as it
was finally referred:
"Resolved, That so much of the memorial of
Francis P. Blair, as invites scrutiny of all his ac-
counts for work e teca ted for Congress and the
public offices, be referred to a select committee,
with instructions to inquire into the manner ia
wh ch the public printing for Congress and the
Executive Department* has been executed;
whether the same has been done conformably to
law, and whether any, and what  change can be
made for the public good."
That subject came before this House, not in a
questionable shape, as the gentleman from Ohio
would have it, but in the shape of a petition;'and
the humblest American free citizen, he trusted,
would ever hive the r'ght to petition this body for
a redress of grievancts, and to ask for such mea-
sures of legislation as wou'd do tkem justice if
they were wronged. And would the gentleman
from Ohio spurn the r'ght of petition on this floor,
in the capitol of this free Republic, and in defence
of oneself for personal wrongs? But to the votes
upon the presentation of this memorial of Mr.
Blair. A motion was made by the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. McKay] to refer this
memorial, together wi'h a resolution to go into an
examination of the whole matter of public print-
ing, and although the yeas and nays were not call-
ed on that question, all gentlemen on this floor that
were here then, knew that the Whigs voted against
this reference. The question was after wards taken
by yeas and nays directly on the reference of this*
petition to a select committee: we find the Demo-
cratic members voting for the referenc, and the
Wh;g members against it. Yes, sir, we find re-
corded in the negative on ths question, [Mr. B.
here read from the journals] the names of "Messrs.
Adams, Allen, Bond, Dawson," Ac. This was
the course of these gentlemen at the last session,
who are now so anxious for an examination into
the subject of the printing of the House, and so de-
sirous to have it given out or eaaUftCt  Oh* con-
sistency, "what  jewel!"
With regard to this matter of giving out a^,
printing by contract, I beg gentlemen to reelect.
this one fact, that there are but two establishments!
in this city at present which could possibly do i&e4
prin'ing oC this House.   It required, as he had been,
informed, an expenditure of some thirty or furtg
thousand dollars to prepare a printing establish-
ment to do the printing of the Housa. and no esta,
btishment can do the priming for th.House b/at one
of the two estensive establishments ia this c&y^
either if mus' be dons by' Messrs- Blair and Riyes,
or by Messrs. Gales and S:aton, aud he hoped ia
God the Bank of the United States would not ;agaia
have tbehenefit of the printing of th;s House.   It
was idle to talk in good faith of el-c'ing others at
this time,whatever might be our feelings of friend 
ship towards then).                               , "     -.- 1.
If gentlemen were disposed to go into this ¿&?e%
ligation in good fafcb, after the Hou/e was organs
ized, be was willing to go with them; but wlien he
found them turning and twitting about astaerhad",
been,  he  wis  unwitting ta trust them. •;Thfirj
course   has   been so   refractory ^ and.   itnpfAc 'j
ticable,   not   to    say   fic:i>us, "that "I   caul,
not now think of acting with them.,  Their ef-
forts all seem to have been to resist the majority of,
the Housí, and set at nought the well established,
principle in this country that t'se majority" shall,
rale.   The principle that ths majority shalUule is.
a well established principle in this country; and J.-
warn gentlemen not to carry to  far their violent ■
r.-sisUn-e to this principle.   Sir, if g-ntlemea car  *
ry oat their resistance to thisprtnciile too far, they^
will find that the people will rise ia their strength^
and rerist them.   The people will not, and cannot;,
much longer bear thi* resistance of the express wjJU
of the majority of the nation, as we have ¿ai y wi -3
nessed.    But why th'sstrnggle for the exlseaccott
the United States Bank? Djcs the party wih which 
it is identified d pend upon this election of Printer,
of the House of Representatives to "sustain their.,
dying, sinking fortunes.   No.no^ gentlemen, this^
would avail you but little; your doom is fixed.
Sir, there" fe? another Tmmer~WhlBh*t'des'ra |o
notice.   An appeal has beennm-le t«a party ia
this House, cal led the Nollifisrs.   Tae VVhg< are
now   under   the  necessity of appealing  to  that,
party, and their cry is,  "help us, CasHus,  cr"
we sink.*   S r,  I make no appeal to* any hi¿h
mindel andliottorable m n, as I know the mem-
bers of this party of Nulliii-rs to' be, fcr I k?ow
they will treat with s^orn and contempt all such ap-
peals to thtm    I know them 11 be aft gh minded £
sndhcnnrable set of men, and all the.e'appeals «e,,
but msults to their understanding.   I ,^ncw ".the
character of the constituents ilia' f*iey rcpes'nt,
and their feelings would revolt at the idea of g g,
countenance to such appea's; they know' theVduiy,;
and will dare do it.   The gentlem. n fromDhio has,
sad (hat the petition of Mr. BU'r came iRto thts^
House ia' a very ques'ionabl- sh ipe.  'In reply to
this, I may say that this proposition of the Oppcs:-
tion has come «to this House in a very questiona- ~
ble shape.   L;t u*, sir, go into a*hi<tory c f ihis •
thing What has been the history of this country for _
the last twoye.r? Havewe> t heard itprcíláiinrf
in every qnar er of this Union, that the paty de-
nominated the Whig party, fnve been anticipating
a triumphant victory?   Sir, have we not seen, that
for several years that party had a flumphatt ma-
jority in the'Senate of die United StatiS; ygrdurini,'
all that time they never brought frwaid any of,
those measures of retrenrh-r.eit and-efo-m in this^
department just now afa~ked by the party here.
Sir, why did they net   suppott thesi mefssf's
two years   ago,  when   they  were  brocgSr to 5
to the no'ice of this House?   Why, they (ltd not
support them, because they all knew that; by a
onion Of the Whigs and'Conservative*, their parry^'
would have a majoriv in thTs Hftt^.'andihev
could elect their favorite p-ib'ic Printer.   If there"
was new the same chance or electit « the United á
S ates Bank, through it< agents, Me<*rs. Gales and ^
Seaton, Printer of this House, y«^u would not h-af,.
doubtless, the first whisper from them of retrench- f
meat and reform in this department, if tre are to >
judge from their conduct for the last two years. (
If there was a chance, by any combination that
tfUj could, effect, m^ ft^flpW^*11--* .
