flee 1838.________________
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO *ÉÉ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
New Jersey Election—Mr. Barnard.
H. ot Reps.
loud vociferation would be hushed up, and you
would hear no more from them of retrenchment in
the expenditures with regard to the public printing.
I judge so, sir, from what has taken place here,
b;i'i're°our eyes, within ths last two years.
Sir, I call the attention of the American people
to the condi ion of this Congress and to the pro-
ceedings which have taken place here during the
present session. Let the people examine for them-
selves, and see who it is that has delayed the
b ¡smess of Congress by a thousand little motions
to^tave off ihe public business. Let the people exa-
mine, and see who it is that has made motion after
motion for adjournment, and repeated motions
that had been again and again decided, and kept the
House on il the fourth week of the session without
being organized. Let them scrutinize the journals
of the pre ent session up to this time; let them see
that mneteen-twentieths ot such motions have been
made by these economical, time-saving gentlemen.
My friend from Georgia [Mr. Dawsjn] had
made tliis motion to postpone the election of a
Printer, for the purpose of going into an investiga-
te in regard to a retrenchment in the expenses of
printing. My friend was a member of the last
Cong¡ei«, and was silent as the tomb upon this
subject then. Now, I am not disposed to impeach
his motives; but the world might say that he was
silent la-t year because his fiiends were receiving
fre benefiis of this printirg, and he carnes forward
for retrenchment this year, because bis friends were
not likely to obtain it. I hope such are not the facts,
bnt they will look so to all impartial men.
Sir, why do gentlemen endeavor thus to pr.cras-
tinate debate, anl stave off the business of the
coun'ry? Have they not yet been sufficiently re-
baked; and lha', too, by their own friend , for
such a wanton comse? Have not honorable and
high minded men of their own party become dis-
gusted with their course, and dec'aied on the floor
that they would not act with them, if they endea-
vored longer thus to stave off questions? D.d not
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cribb,] and
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Alpord,] rise in
their places and tell their party, that they would
no longer act with them if they did not come to an
election of a Speaker? Has not the gentleman
from Georgia made a similar declaration at a sub-
sequent period? And are gentlemen waiting for
another rebuke of this kind, from their own friends,
be'bra they p.-oceeJ to the election of a Printer?
They have been told that they were not scat here
to act as a faction, and, I believe, by one of their
own party; and will they, in the face of tie disgust
of their own partv, continue such a course? Tne
gentleman from Ojio [Mr. Bond] has referred to
the character of the memorial again sent in by
Mr. Blair; but he had very judiciously k*pt out of
sight the most important item of that memorial.
Messrs. Blair and Rives had paid every dollar of
Ihe money in which Mr. Blair was held as sacurity
for Mr. Crockett, the Kentucky postmaster, and
the memorial prayed for an examination into the
matter, with a view of adjusting if. The memo-
rialist did not ask that the money which had been
paid should be paid back by the Government to
hir; but as there were certain funds coming to this
postmaster from the Government, in the shape of
a pension, the memorialist desired that this* money
should be retained, as an offset to the money which
he had paid, if it could be done consistently with
law.
[He-e Mr. Bond rose fo expla;n ]
If gentlemen were disposed to debate this proposi-
tion, and would fix a day for proceeding to the bu-
ness of the coun'ry, we would meat them in an ar-
gument of t'.ie question. But I hope they will
a=ree to let m proceid wi'h the business of the
country as speed¡|y   ^ p03sible#    Lel the House
come, I inueat it, to a vote on this question, and
et somebody be elected Printer of ihe House. If
the United States Bank was the strongest cindida'e,
S , J,eí.c,ed; f not, let it be given to Messrs.
Blair and R.ve-.but I hope ,he country will never
be duped, as it was duped at the last election, by
¡íniiTT u, man wh0 n"er did and never
IZltlothePublc Putins. In every part of the
SnSSi r ' r leam that ,he P Wie business is
suffWJBg for the want of the action of this House.
Sir, gentlemen, in my humble apprehension, mis-
take themselves, if they think they can effect any
thing more, by keeping up this game of confusion,
disorder, and procrastination, than a most unprofi-
table consumption of the time of this House, and
an enormous waste of the treatures of the peo-
ple. If there is any doubting character in this
House that the party is after, I should 1 ke to know
him; better that he wete not here. I hope there is
none such in the party to which I have the honor
to belong, and I know of none in the other. No,
sir, there are none amongst them; they keep their
party too well drilled for that. Or can it be with a
hope of some new combinations being formed, that
this election is thus fought off with such pertina-
c ty? It is time, sir, that every eye in this nation
should be called to the proceedings of this House,
that have transpired wi'hin the la t four weeks, to
judge how far they have been disreputable to the
character of our Government, and how far they
have been calculated to impair (he confidence of
mankind in the excellency of the free form of our
Republican institutions. Sir, no intell gent patriot
can contemplate such scenes, without alarming ap-
prehensions for the downward couise of this glo-
rious and mighty Republic.
Gentlemen, in this hurricane of excitement, can-
not be aware of what they are and have been
doing, in their continued efforts on this floor to re-
sist the sovereign will of this great people, as ex-
pressed through their R<*presentativts here. I im-
plore gent'emen to reflect, that when we refuse
obedienc  to the sovereign will of a majority of the
freemen of this country, the next step to be
taken, is to decide our controversies by the slreng h
an 1 supremacy of arras, to which t'.eir course here
is contn«ally inviting us. Are ih°v prepared for
this, in this early s'ate of the Republic? Have they
lost, so ea ly in the history of our ctu¡ t y, all <oa-
fiJencc in t'^e de.i>ions of a majority of our people,
or does their thirst for power blind them to the
train of calamines that would await as? Are they
willing to return, or to force others to fly to that
arbi er of violence and arms, to adjust a mere dif-
ference of opinion in relalion to political principles,
a thing that the wisdom of our fathers was so stu-
dious to avoid, on any and every occasion? Do
honorable gentlemen here believe for a moment
that the free people of this country are so ben;ghted
as toto'eri'esuchac)Uis ,or that they have art *nl
tal?n's enough to conceal the^r conduct on these sub-
ject here, from them on their return amongst them?
Will there not be those amongst them, the people,
who will point to the journals of this Congress for
the last four weeks to show the number of motions
to adjonrn made by one party of this House, be-
sides others of equal, if not of a more, frivolous
nature? And are they ignorant how a just, not a
factions, people will appreciate such conduct? Sir,
1 would say to them, in this wild, maddened ca-
reer, it is time, if they have not given up all future
hopes, to pause in the further prosequiun of ths
reckless course, and respect more the just under-
standing of iheir countrymen.
As often as they have deceived themselves in un-
dervaluing the intelligence of the people, it does
seem that the lessons taught them within a few
years and months since, should induce them to
heed a language that has been so often .spoken to
them by whole States of this Union; or is it that
voice, in the day of their political mania, that they
are mostly disposed to treat with disdain and con-
tempt? Sir, I would invoke gentlem-n one more
to di-card these idle dreams of embairassing the
business of the country here for political effect
abroad, and let us go to work and discharge the
duties we owe as Representa'i ves—that we owe to
our constituent^, ourselves, and th" country; every
department of the Government requires it—the ne
cessilies of the nation demand it.
SPEECH OF MR.   BARNARD,
Of New York,
In ihe House of Ripresenlalives, December 18,1839—
Mr. Barnard having the fli or, asked for the
reading of the resolut on now under the conslde-
rat on of the House, and it was read by the
Clerk, as follows;
"Resolved, That Messrs. John B. Aycrigg, Wil-
liam Halsted, J. P. B Maxwell, Jharies G. Strat
ton, andThos Jones Yorke, are not ent'bd to be
sworn as members of this Hou*e fura th, St.te of
New Jersey."
Mr. BARNARD then pr ceedel asfullows:
Mr. Speaker: The question wliic'i the res lution
just read proposes for the consid rat on of th. House
is, in itself, one of exceed ng s m,-hcity. It is,
whether the m mbers from Nevv Je ¡e , app at ng
here upon their regular and la,;? 1 returns, and now
actually in their seats, by vntu - o the^e returns,
shall or shall not be admitte I with o jr elves, to the
oath prescribed by tne Constitution it I eing u .dc r-
stoo 1 that their seats on this floor are, or are to I e,
contested. This is the plain que ti >n to- the House
to pass upon. Simp e, ho\ ev.jr, Mr fcpeahcr, as
this quest on is in its terms and i.i its primary im-
port, it involves, nevertheless, many an 1 serious
and we ghty consid- ratio! s; affectin; not ue ely
the succ ss or t iumph of party he <■ or else-there—
not mere y the due organii.uion oftM^ Ho i e of
Rep esentat ves—but affe ting the i. Ug i y o the
Constitution itsjlf, and touc'11154 it mav be, in tiie
en^, the \ery ex.stence of the Govern nent under
which we 1 ve.
Sir, a few days aso, I had t e honor to oiler a
íew remarks to my fellow mem ser  of tieTw nt\-
sixfh Congress upon tie novel and i. tere .rug que -
tions growing out of the contes for places m ihis
House from the State of New Jersey, aid I <hen
presented and di'cussed two general propositions.
One was, that no question wha eve. was presente I
for ojr cons deration, or to be p3S,ed up n by us,
suppo ing we hod ihe power to do this, in r^spr 1
to ihe rerurns of the membe s who were in heir
.«eats from New Jer ey. That as re u ns hey
wc e compl<* e in eve y pr icular, they w< re n
sine co ifo miy to law, and were wholly unim-
peach'd by any body in thi House or out of it.
The other wa-', that the queition of ult ina'e light
between the return members fiom New Jersey and
those who claimed their places w«s a quest on
wh;ch was refe.red by the Constitution, in clear
and explic t terms, to the judgment of tie House
of Representa'ives, when t at House ¡-ho dl be
fully organize! by the el> ction of a Spe a' er, an I
when, all the members appe rine and entitled to
seats having assumed the pre cribed and nrces ary
oat'n, i sh'uldheome a le>al a >d eonsti iit onal
tritunil, competent to act in a h gh jad.ti 1 < apa- ,
city. And I m-i.-ted tha> the body ot Cepr--en ta-
li ves then assembled wiihout a Speaker, and wi.h-
ou'oath, had no power to rn'ertain thu question,.
and could only do so by an r-ssumptK n of autho-
rity, which would make the proceeding, if a-
temDted, essmtaly revolutionary.
The e positions, sir, I bel eved then to have been
sound. And I have the more renson t > thi-.k them
sound now, since, after ten day ' c< n i ued di-.cus-
sion in the House, on ihe same g neral subject, I
think I may be all wed to say w thout arrogan< e
or vanity, that they lemain, if not ui assailed, at
least unshaken.
Now the views wheh I propose to pre ent to the
House this mornii g, by it-, indulgence, in th • s-ine-,
what altered stfte of th;s body, ■  i I be found tq ;
bear a strict relation and anahgy to tlnsefor-
n.cr'y offered by me, luilt, inued, to s >me ex e it,
upon the points ju>t referte 1 to, and, at any rate,
st englhened and supported by them.
The casz of the New Jersty mtmbeis is n< \v
presented to us ss a body part.al y cemp s d aid
organized inacorst.tutioiial nay. We hr.ve now,
at least, a constitutional head—w>' have a Speaker
elected, and sworn by a member, an 11 .e mem-
bers them elves, ii tut^a^e in process of b'ing.
sworn by the Speaker, as directed by law. Havii g
all taken the oath except the return memler* fr< 111
the Stata of New Jersey, thos; memoers, iii<g-
from theirs ats on ths íloi r, w ich t'.ey rceay of
s'r.rt right, prts-nt then se've*, and den aid tha',
like us and wi h us, they be swt rn, as H e Cons itu-
tion requins, by the Speaker. U o.i tl'is it is
moved by resolutioa that they bs not swtrd.
On this resolution I offer to the consideration of
the House two distinct propos|torf
First. That the only po nt wh eh nther ihe
Speaker or the House has any r ght now to cq
