44
APÍÉÑDI& TO TftE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1939.
26th Cong.--.1st Skss.
Neto Jersey Question—Mr. Barnard.
H. of Reps.
this supposition—this faith, ih's foregone conclu-
sion—ind this only it is, that you entertain even a
suspicion of  he tille of the return members, and
that you are willing to aid. in ejecting them from
their p t ces. And therefore it is that I now invite
you—I liiw call upon yoa, to be consistent, and
take courage enough to go on, and act the doa-
trin  out. Your judgment is, if it mean any
thing, that the party who is ouf, according to
the present prevailing trie ¡nation and faith of
your mind, tasth  bet;r title—has the title; and
of course, that the party who is in has none. Now,
I say to yoi, be men, and execu'e the whole of this
judgment, if you really mean to execute any part
of it. If > ou turn out one party, put in the other—
do it; for I tell you, you have not the shadow of
pretence or excuse for turning one party out, but
because the other party has a right to come in.
Put them ir-, then—do it! Do not be alarmed for
the result or the eon equences. If your present
foregone conclusion shall turn out to be right upon
the facts, the whole judgment is already executed
to your haid. For form's sake, you may th«n re-
cognis  and confirm it And if it be otherwise—
if the facts in the ca«e shall perversely fa'l to bear
you out—why, what will it mattei? It is but the
reversal t f a judicial daemon after hearing, which
it was convenient to you to pronounca before hear-
ing—if it mast come to that, which ihTe are many
chances of your avoiding, after all; and, in the
mean time, the present is safe enough. Five party
votes against you are got rid of, and five party
votes for >oa are secured, for two, or ihree, or six
months, as the case mi y be; the present is made
sare—let the future take care of itself. Do itvth n,
I invite and advise you—do your whole wi¡l m the
case, and not merely the half of it—do it!
Mr. Speaker, an honorable and learned member
from Vir*tnia, [Mr Drwiooolb,] in the remaiks
with which he favored the House yet^erday on
t'.us case, argued to us, with much sinceri'y and
earnestness, that a House of Representatives, once
organ zed and qualified according to the Constitu-
tion, has the power an1 right to go into evidence,
on a question of contested election, out of or behind
the return. Sir, nobody, I believe, at this day,
i'oub s or disputes that proposition; and the honora-
ble member might have spared himself the pains
of quoting so many authorities and precedents
to prove it. But it is on° thin? to show that yonr
ourt ha? competent jaiUdiction and power to try
an I determine a great judicial question, and quite
another thing to maintain that that court may ad-
judge and ex cute first,and hear and try afterwards.
And this is what gtnt'emea here propose that this
tribunal shall do; nay, this is what the honorable
member hirrself maintained, in substance, that this
House ought to do. We have before us, said the
honorable gentleman, some evidence in the case
touching the pDintofthe contested election, and
we may now act upon that, so far at least as to
exclude the return members from their seats, until
the whole case shall be beard. Upon what princi-
ple of justice or right will you do this? And does
not the gentleman now see that this same evidence
if sufficen  to exclude the return members until the
whole case shall be h ard? is sufficent also to put
the claimants in their places until the whole case
shall be h*ard 1 Iudeed, does he not see that there
is no evidence whatever to impeach the title of Ihe
T'iurn members, except that which goes to estab-
lish the adverse title of the claimans? That, n
truih, the val.d.iy of ihe advrrse title h the conclu-
sion io be drawn rrom the evidence, if any can b ,
and that the failure of the other tilléis merely an
inference from that conclusion? The argument of
tie g'ntlcman p oves too much—much more ilun
he in'enJi d, I 'h nk; for I have not yet und-.r^tood
that he is prepared t > gi at once for the admiss'on
of the claimants, though he is prepared to go for
the exclusion ot the members who are in their
places. But upon what principle, 1 ask again,
will he ventare to adjudge and decide upon any
part of this ra>e? By the very terms of ycur
p'oposiiion, you admit that a part tnly of the evi-
dence, and not the wh >le, is before you; and you,
sitting as a judge, wiih the oath of Heaven upon
you, will decide now, and hear the rest of the mat-
ter afterwards!   Yqh wilj decide, as I sa7, the
whole case now, or, as you must admi', at lea t a
principal point in the case, and afterwards—yes,
afterwards—proceed regularly to the trial! But,
besides, you talk of evidence, as if really there
was any evidence whatever yet in the case. Sir,
there is none—not a pártele. Do not tell me of
the certificate of the Secretary of State of New
Jersey. Another man—any other man—had as
much legal right to make that certificate, for the
uses to which it is here attempted to be put, as he
had; nay, ih-re is not a poor beggar in the stree ts,
betwixt this and Trenton, who has not as much
right, legaly, to certify the members relumed
from New Jersey ont of lheir seats, in this summa-
ry way, as this Secretary of State had. Evidence,
indeed! Judicial minds, meihinks—judges—shoull
demand something very different lrom this when
they would have evidence.
Sir, the propos.t.on of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, that we should receive and act now upon
what he calls the evidence before us, is identical,
in this particular, with that offered a few days
ago by an honorable member from Sooth Carolina,
[Mr. Pickens,] and in which that member was
mgeuiously supported by an honorable colleague
of his, [Mr. Holmes;] but it should be saiJ, in
jut.ee to these gentlemen, that they would have
made this "evidence" cover the whole case; they
would not have rested with the exclusion of the
members who were in, but they would have
brought in the claimants upon it to fill the vacant
places.
The position of the honorable member [Mr.
Pickens] was briefly this: that it was competent
for a body of Representatives, without any organi-
zation whatever, not, indeed, to go into the
question of contested election, but to determine
upon evidence who of the parties contesting seats
"were entitled to the return;" and he thought that
the evidence before us, in the present case, was
sufficient to settle that question conclusively in
favor of the claimants. It would be difficult, I
think, to find another instance where an ingenious
mind was more entirely deceived and misled by a
mere form of words. What did the honorable
member mean when he proposed that we should
look into the certificate of Ihe Secretary of New
Jersey to see "who were entitled to the returns?"
He admitted that we could not, in the state we
were them in, go inti the merits of the election,
and yet we might decide who were "entitled" to
the returns. I pray to know, sir, who were ever,
at any time, strictly entitled to the returns but
those who were actually elected? The State offi-
cer  furnish to the members, and through them to
us, according to law, and by a power expressly
confided to them under the Constitution, their
decision, in an authentic form, as to who were
"entitled" to the return ; and this is conclusive,
until the House of Representatives, duly organize
and qualified, i-hall revise and reverse this judg-
ment, upon proper proof and due deliberation.
When that is done, then there is a new judgment
as to who are "entitled" to the returns; but this is
a judgment upon the «lection, and nothing less.
And when the honorable member proposed, there-
fore, that we should undertake to ascertain who
were "entitled" to the returns, it was only pro-
posing, though not himself, I dare say, aware of
it, that we should try the election question on its
men's, and try that question, too, upon evidence
that evidence was none, or, at any rate, upon
evidence that was known and acknowledged to be
partial and defective. The proposition itself, in
terms, was presented with the knowledge of the
fact that the evidence, such as it was, could only
carry us forward to a certain point in the case, and
there it would leave us. In short it would bring us
to this notable conclusion, standing uncontradicted,
that the majority of votes actually cast in the New
Jersey election, counting all, good and bad, legal
and illegal, legitimate and fraudulent, were given
for the claimants; and upon this finding we must
admit the said claimants as being "entitled" to the
returns. The allegation of fraudulent and illegal
votes in the case, and a great many of them, is
distinctly made, and nobody [pretends to question
the fact; and yet we are to go on and decide, in a
judicial way, that those gentlemen, are "entitled" to
the returns, and to their seats here, who had
succeeded at the polls in securing for ihenueUes
the greatest number of these fraudulent and i!legal
votes.
And why must this flagrant and foul inju. t ce be
done, and why must we do it? Venly, beca^s
this is now found to be the Constitution and the
law ! It is now discovered, after a necessary and
uniform practice to the contrary for filu veáis,
that though the Slate law«, passed in obedience to
the requirements of the Constitution, may au.hor'ze
State functionaries to "hold" elections for K°p r-
sentatives in Congress, yet these functionary 
can have no constitutional pewer to judge, even
in the first instance, of ihe qualiticatu ns of electi r-,
or of the result of a canvass. Their duty is to
receive the votes that are offered—all of tlipp,
bad and good, and count them all up, and theic
irthe duty ends. They cannot ascertain an i
certtfy any result; they cannot make a rHurn, or,
if they do, such return is to go for nothing. It is
the business of the House, according to ibis ns>v
doctrine, as a preliminary measure, befoie any
organization whatever, getting at the fac'sa* best
it may, to cast up the votes which havebeeo givrn,
find where the majority falls, and thus determine
and ajudge who, in the first instance, are "entitled'1
to the returns, reserving the important bu-mes^of
purging the poll-lists of the frauds with which they
may be tain'ed, to a later and more convenient
season. And this ntjw doctrine is found, we are
told, after a careful analysis of the Constitution, 1 y
which a prevailing confusion of ideas on th=- sub-
ject is dissipate!! And there is no confusión of
ideas in supposing that to judge of the "returnb" < f
members is to determine who aie "entitled1' to the
returns, and that to determine who are "cnii led1'
to returns is not to judge of the "elections;" no
confusion in supposing that a body of gentlemen
should come together to forma House cf Repre-
sentatives, not one of whom has any right or title
to sit and act as a member uatil the House, not
yet composed, as it cannot well be without mem-
bers, has passed upon his pretensions, and deter-
mined that heij entitled; no confusion in supposing,
as the gentleman did, that though the Consiitution
requires the members to take an oath, yet, as it does
not specify when that oa'h shall be taken, the
injunction will be well obeyed if the oath be taken,
without regard to the lime when—in other v o d\
it may as well be taken in June or July as in
December, as well on the last day of the session as
on the first; and, in the mean while, a posit ve
statute prescribing that the oath shall b; taken
"before the transaction of any other business,"
need not be brought into the account at al!; no
confusion, in short, in supposing that y..u may
have a House to judge without member ; that
judges may as well be sworn after judgment, as
before; that a judicial tribunal may hive power
expressly given it, by the Constitution, to decide
a cause «pon hearing one-half the testimony, and
that half authenticated in no legal manner whatever,
at a lime, too, when it has no constitutional autho-
rity to hear the whole evidence—in other wo ds,
may have power to do a great wrong, bat no power
to do right except by accident; and, finally, that
the House of Representatives is directly ins ructed
by ths Constitution to admit to their seats, in the
first instance, those persons, in all cases, who shall
have received, in the elections, the greatest number
of vot s, counting all, ihe bad and the good tog t' er,
and to admit such persons, therefore, as should
have been, or should be, by themselves or their
friends, most unscrupulous and most successful in
pract sing a gross fraud and outrage on the
sacredness of the elective franchise and on the
purity and majesty of the laws ! In all this the c
is no confuson of ideas, all this is the resjlt of a
careful analysis of the Cons'itntion.
Mr. Speaker, the honorable gentleman from
South Carolina goes with the rest for excluding the
return members from New Jersey from their places
on this floor: let the House, let the countjy jud^e,
if he offers a belter reason for the measure than ihe
rest. To my mind it a'l comes to the same thing.
Gentleman agree well enough in their conclusions,
though some may travel a long road, while others
take a short cut to get at them.   They agree that
