Pec. 1839.______________
26th Cong"««1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
New Jersey Question—Mr'JBarnard.
H. of Reps.
t.ie members from New Jersey, as much in office
as themselves, must be excluded. Judgment must
be proiiDuaced, an i execution had now, and by
and by there shall be a regu'ar and satisfactory
tail.
Perhaps, sir, the briifc-t mode of arriving at
this same practical and necessary re ult which has
b.'en suggested by any bo ly, was that prcsen'ed
yesterday by another horn rabie and distinguishable
gentleman from S>uth Carolina, [Mr. Rhett.]
He suggests that the res-lution now before us
contai'.s a proposition, if now identical, equivalent
\ to one already passed upon and decided, and whch
is of binding force and effect upon this House.
His posili  n is, that fie proposition is "res judicata,"
that it has been decided, and that the decis on was
in the negative; thit this House has pronounced its
judgment against the' admission of the return
memteis to their rights and privileges on this flior
as the Repr<sentativesfr>m New Jersey—at least
un ii the point of ultimate right upon the taction
sha'l be determined.
It mu^t be rimembered t' af upon the former
revoluti ¡n to which the honorable member reftr-*,
the nierabt is, when the reso'ution was put to the
voe, were l>und to be eqtiilly divided. Of course,
ta}s the gentleman from South Carolina, it passed
in ihi negative.
No*, in the fir-t place, I must deny, in a
mannir the nnst solemn and explicit for me to do,
that a vote of a t ib mal actir g judicially, in a
inaittr a fleeting either personal <r rrpr smtative
rg'is, ever had, or ever can have, the legal effect
of a ju Igment where the members are equally
divi'eiii opinion, whatever nuy be the form of
the question. Nothing i>, or c.n be, dicidedin
that way. The mitfer stands as if no voe had
teen taken. The Ho^s: of Rip esmtaúves acti: g
j idictj.1 y, can ro rr.o¡e fit a man ou' of office, i r
pi! a man in—can no mme charge the incumbency
o; an oíBo-, temporaiily, or p rmanent'y and
finally, without a vote, affirmative in effec',
whatever form it may assume, by a majority of
voices, than any other judicial tribunal, any court
of competent jurisdiction in the land, could do the
same thing without such majority of voice?.
But, sir, whi'e I make this denial in regard to
the effect of a divided vota in the cise referred to,
I will tike leave to recur for a moment to the
resolution which has been snpp~sd ti be so
¡identical with that now under consideration.
That resolution di I not erabodyasim.il; proposi-
ti; is declared, first, that th?creden ials of ce tun
p rons from New Jersey we.e suffic eit to ei t t'e
th;m t> take ihtir Seas in the Hoare. And,
ie;ond, th.t ¡he question of conWs'ed elecion
oighttobe le"t to be deciled afterwards. Such
were t'e affirmative propositions ftatel in this
rt«j'ution, and th? resiluti n was vo'ed upon
v t re. What, then, was the converse of these two
propositions Uken togeher, and which.it is con 
terded, was etatlished and e'eciied by a negative
iaereiKe? Wny—to present the converse in a
reverse bit proper order—that the question of
coite ted election ought to te dJc:d*>d now, and
before the member.  from New Jersey should be
admitted to their s  ats, and therefore they should
not take their seats, upan the r credentials alone.
Mr. Rhett here rose and asked for the reading
of tie resolution referrel to; and it was read as
follows:
"Rtsototi, That the credentials of the following
members, John B. Ayrng g, John P. B. Maxwell,
«m.Halsted, Chas. C. Stratlon, and Tbos. J.
Yorke are sufficient to entitle them to tale their
seats in tie Houje, leaving the que* ion of contested
«íectisnío be afhrwardi decided by the House."
Mr. Barnabd p-ocee3ed. Such was the resolu-
• i ,S?eaker; anl m *, I repeat, as I have
explained, was the pla:n converse and negative of
tie p-opes tions conta ned in it. This conveise
Z ^egu^Ve'^aPthe honorable gjDt'eman, was
6S ah    eho/1  nnA  J—J    j t                 .        P       ...        '
frm„ M       t             — iv...io  me return   memueis
iMe- ierse,r 8honM * admi,t«i «o "ieif f«««
Su Si    Í to£ctintl  appropriate business of
■■« tody, the Home, as then constituted, would
go on, and, in its own way, determine the question
of the contested ejection.
Mr. Speaker, if the inorganic body of Represen-
tatives—I use the term advisedly, sir—did thus
resolve, then, whether binding on this House
or not, at least it would seem it must to have been
binding on themselves. What did that body do?
How did they regard the position in which they
found them eves after the vot  on that reso'u'ion?
How did the gentleman himself and his friends,
the political majority in that body, conduct them-
selves under that decision? Sir, that decision, if
made," threw the House back upon the precise
position it had occupied a short time before, when
a prior resolution, moved by the honorable gentle-
man himself, had been pot to the vote, and passed
by a clear majority. A brief recital of events will
show what thit position was, and what was done
under i'.
This House was thrown iato i's o-iginal embar-
rassment in te>ard to the New Jersey question by
the refusal of the Clerk of the House to perform
th;plainest mhvsterial duty which was ever im-
posid by Constitution and law on a public officer.
He iefus?d to call five members returned from
Ne v Je s y. Upon ih s, aft r a delay of s>me days,
it was proposed, in the form of a resolut on, t! at
the Cleik should proceed to call th* roll of mem-
bers returned as elected to me 26ih Congress in
the usual way. To s resolution was laid on the
table, on the motion of the gimleman from South
Canl na, [Mr. Rhett.] And thereupon, it was
moved by the same gentleman thit a pr.Kending,
equally unusual and extraordinary, should be
aopted. A resolution was adjpted, on his mo-
t on, first, that the Clerk s'^ouli proceed to call
those members whose seits were not contóte 1; and
then, that such members, being a quorum, shou'd,
before the election < f Speaker, proceed to hear r n I
adjudge upm the elecions, re.urns, &n! qualifica-
tions of other persons claiming seits in the Hosse
The roll of members occupying uncontested seats
was then called, and a quorum was formed; and
it then remained to carry the lat er part of this
order of the body into effect. And sj it was actu-
ally attempted to be done. A resolution was of-
feéd, and carried, that a commi tee sh^ull be
raised for this purpo e Ye.<, carr'ed! An I
honorable members «ere actually cas i-)g about,
some of them, at least, to make the'r ticket, pre-
parotory to the election of that committee! But,
sir, that solemn, far.e—no, sir, that s >lemn rev lu-
t onary proceeding—was suddenly arrested. Gen-
tleman were appalled atuV position n which they
had place J themselves "Thy hid gone as far on
tiat ronij as the/ dared to go, or could go. The
Constitution and the laws began to thicken and
darken in the way before them. It was obstructed,
abso'u'ely blocVei up. The end could not be seen;
night, th ck nigh', was brooding over it; there was
not left a solitary, distant star to twinkle on that
new, untrcddei path. They h*s'tated; they re-
trea'ed; they returned. By a unanimous vote, the
resolution for the appointment of a committ e was
re onsidered; and then was presented that refla-
tion offered by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Wise,] upon wh ch the tie vote which has been
rererred to was tafrn.
N.-w, s'r, recurring to that resolution, we se«
what it was that body, by plain inference—if the
portion of the gentleman from South Carolina as
to the effect cf the vote upon it be correct—re
solved to do. By a doable obi gation, having
passed two separate and distinct resolutions to the
same effect, that body determined, in substance,
that they would proceed to hear and adjudge,
before the e'ect'tn of Speaker, on the returns,
elections, and qua! fications cf a'l penons claim-
ing conte-ted seats in the House. Th;s was what
was de'iberately and twice resolved to be done.
And now, how did that body act on their own
resolutions? How did they follow up and obey
their own orders? Did gentlemen then go on, and
make another effort to try the New Jersey quesron
on the meriii? No, sir, they had enough of that.
To permit the members leturned from New Jersev
to occupy their seats, a<5 they were clearly ent tlf d
to do, was not to be thought of frr a moment; and
to enter into any investigation cf the cace was as
little to be thought of. It was easy enough to re-
solve to investigate, but not so easy u do what
was re olvcd should be done. There was an ugly
kcotin the case, and, as it could not be untied, it
was cut. In the face of th>ir own oder, twie
given, and bind ng upon nobody but themselves,
gentlemen turnedshiTt round, and tesolved t> pro-
ceed withou fuither de'ay to t e elecion of Speak-
er. This resolution was executed, and a Speaker
was cho«en, th? vo'es of five meuibeis fiorn New
Jeivey having been early in ih canvass refused
and omit ed in the cou. t.
And now, what is the proposition of the gentleman
from    South   Carolina,    [Vlr.    Rhett?]    Why,
simply, that a íe o u ion  r 1" that  body, which had
had an anoma'ous existence here l-e'ore  the elec-
ta n of a  Speaker—a  nsolutun winch the gentle-
man himself, and h s fiien is, composing a majori-
ty, declined and omit el to regard as hav ng any
binding force or efT.ct, in one of its most important
features, even on themselves, by whom it had teen
pa sed—'hat resolution shill, in ano her feature of
it, at least, be considered  as   revive! and  in full
Arc?, and binding on ihe H use oí Representatives
now, at least partially orgm zed t y the e'ection  of
a Speaker.    With wnat kind of lace can  the gen-
tleman ask us now and here to consider a resolution
in force, wh-ch he himself, and a majj.i'y of the
Hfu e  with hm, have heiet'fore, and when, it'
ever, it shou'd have   teen   deemed obligatory,
repudiated in the most distinct and explicit mennei?
Bu' 1 have another o'j ction to make to  the res
judicata oí the gentleman fiem  Sou h  Carolina.
I plead to the juris licnon.   I do n->t recogn se any
authority in that brdy which passed, by vete, upon
the  re olution   refernd fr>,  over this   House  of
Rfp e entative<.    The   genilemrn    ?sked,    with
s m: emph s's, if not   with   an   aprearanre of
triumph, wbrn arguing for the d^ntity of ih s body
nith t tat whi h ex s'.ed here b fere ¡ ny organiza-
tion—the geailcoaan a-iled:   Docs  the eltction of
a Speaker make a House of Representatives?   I
answtr, sir, if it do rot, yet you cannot make a
constitutional Hou e for the transaction of busi-
ness v ihout a Speaker.    AHrne cf Representa-
tives, under the Const:tuti n, is composed of mem-
bers and a Speaker.    Each cons'ituet,t is e^eiitial
to ihe ot'.er.    I'  h just as necessary to have a
Speaker as it is to have members.   The Speakrr
of the House of Representatives is  an  officer  of
the   Go ernment, receiving his appointment in-
deed from the members, but deriving his poweis
from the Constitution  and the law      Let gentle-
men ask themsehes what the members can do
without a Speaker to perfom  his part in the
business of the House.    Can the House in the fiist
place, hold, or begin  to hold, its daily sessions,
without a Speaker to take the chair?     By the
general   parliamentary law   the Speaker is   to
appoint committees, unless the House, by a posi-
tive act, take the power out of his hands; and how
can the House take power away from a function-
ary who has no existence?     By the same general
law, the Speaker decides questions of o 'der, with
which the House does not interfere, except by way
of appeal.    Can the members receive an n'xeciHiVe
or any other offcial communication, without a
Speaker to receive the   messenger  or organ of
communication?   The members may pass laws,
but the Speaker must sgn them.      ihey may
order an arrest, or imprisonment, but the Speaker
must issue the warrant,  or commitment.     They
may order witnesses to be sent for, but the Speaker
must issue  the subpoena.     In short, gentlemen
will find that members, without a Speaker, are
members, but not a House for the t ansaction of
business; and if there were no other reason for it,
it is sufficient th*t, by the express terms of an ex-
isting statute, there can be no House for business
without an oafii, and there can be no oath with-
out a Speaker.   For myself, the efow, sir f can-
not consent to regard any o-der or resolution of a
body of Representatives,  assembled but not yet
organized, without a Speaker and  unsworn, a¿>
having any force or authority w*atev/* °7„;7ed
HousI of Representatives composed ^nd organized
for businesses this «-"/¿^ó sTr
coruing to the Cortt.tion ajd^e Ia*¿ ^
there js no res judicata m me ^
