46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono.••«1st Sess.
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Clay.
Jan. 1840.
Senate.
you shall have voted now, in your present state,
by a m>jority, as I suppose you will, against
admitting the members from INew Jersey to the
oath, and by which yon mean to exclude them
from their seats, the case will be no more res
judicata, in my opinion, than before. You will
have done an act by the physical power of mem
bers, and the effect may be just what it would
have been if you had had the constitutional autho-
r.ty to do it; but I tell you that an arbitrary and
lawless decree—a decision before 11*1 and without
ft hearing—is no judg.nent in legal rcceptation,
that it wants all the sanctions of a judicial deter-
mination, and is to be submuted to just so far as
submission is compelled, or may be politic, with-
out compulsion, and no further.
Mr.   Speaker, the honorab'e gentleman from
Virg nia, near me, [Mr. Dromgoole,] in the con-
chr-i >n ot his  sprech, demanded why it was tnat
we must have ihe member^  fr >m  New Jer ey in
the Hou'e, so Ion* ai i° was l,no *n to every body
that their ult mate  right   was at l a*t d ubtful.
Why mat we have some b>dy—why nned  we
hale any body to fill contened scats on this flooi?
Why not wail lili  the contest should te decide?
Sir, my answer is a plain an! ¿irest one.     We
must have these members, because  ihey are num-
bers, by the la sv of ihe land, as much as we aie;
and tecu^e   we cannot form a   constitutional
House of Representative without then      Thry
are he e, in office, by ire sanr.e 'entire and 'he same
author t/ by which we hold; they are here as early
as our-elver, and ready to unite wnh  us in com-
posing the House.   Thje Constitution gives to New
Jersey tbe right to have them here, and if you can
fVm a House, ur.cUr the C  nsMntion, w thout ]
them, you can, by ihe same rue, firma Hou^e
after l<pp>n? oft*as many m< re of us as may suit
your stnieof pnrr ety tr ccnveni nee, taking ere
only to leave a tars quorum.
Besides the point on which you rely to justify
this proceeding is that you are advised th.it the
sea's of these members will be contested.    The
rule, then—a rule, so far as your precedent and
examp'e can go, which is to be establ &hed law
hereatier—¡he rule w that the House being in-
formed, however informally, that  the seat of a
return member is to te congested, such member
stands aside, by ord-T of the Hou^-e, till the contest
ihall be de'ermined.     I ask gentleman  to look
s rionsly ards eadi'y at t'ae monstrous evils they
are ab ut to iotiodu'e by such a ru'e    Who does
not s e how easy a thi"g it must always be to get
up claims to the places of icturn members, and
very plausib'e claims t >o?   Nuthing is more com-
ía w, frcm  one end of the country to the other,
thin eleoiors d'ciled by a ve'yc'ose vo'e bslween
the candidate*, and mthirg is esier than to make
a'legations of fiaui or mistakes ii such cases, or
indeed in any other cases.    But according 'o this
r-i'e. it is ihe mere setting up of d ims, with or
wi h'-ut foundation, which is to deprive members
of >heir s-als.      Fac's cam.ot be icquired in'o,
because it is not possible to  try the question  in a
pre'minary ar.d summary w>y.   There is nothing
for it but to take the mere al'ega'ions of ihe parly
framing the claim, as enoush to decide t".e matter.
De«m!s must go for nothing.     Members of the
Ho-os , regularly omm s-ionei   and acrre'ited,
mu-t te thtust out of their place', as many and as
ofttn as the?e cm be found  men, honest and  dis-
hinfs', 11 set  ap a claim to their ?ea's.     Wih
what a tremendous power are you hete clothing
any unssrupulous party which may at ar.y time be
found occupying seats with-n this Hall!     Snha
party need site itself no troub'e to secure a majo-
rity here tlrouarh  the popular   e'ection^; it  may
ere ite tha' majority for it-elf on the spot.   Finding
iteelf f-hoit by a d^zeu vot^s or so, it has only  to
rro ure c'a ms to te set up for t' e fea s of an
rqua1 num'ier of obnoxious member*, when  ihe
srat< or such members becom.5 vacant ofcours*, !
and the whole th ng is  done.    And then we have
only lo eet one st p further, and, in the rr<^greis of
in com n * political corruption, suppose two great
pati-s to meet here,  both equally unscrupulous,
and of nearly ihe same numerical s rengh, when,
under the operation and cover < f this very rule
which you are now about to cs'ab'ish, they will go
on, pací p'mm, 'ecimaiing each ofh*r's numbers,
and neither yielcing m profligacy or obs'inacy to
the o her, until no quorum shall Ve felt, and the
Hou e, it iiJt the Goverrmeut, be ipso facto dis-
sul v ed.
Sir, 1 trust that no man respects more than I do
that feeling, wherever it may be found, wheh re-
volts at the violation of the popular will, w henever
that will isleg-lly and constitutionally expressed.
I can readily understand, without imagining any
thing sinister orimproper, and I can therefore pardon
somethingof that zeal and that pertinacious adherence
to a mistaken and fatal line of conduct, of which we
have seen so much on this floor; for I do not doubt
that many gentleman came h're believing, seri-
ously and in good faith, that the people of New
Jersey were likely to have their will trampled
upon and violated by the admission here of the
return members from that State. 1 he mistake in
the case is, in taking for granted what remains to
be proved, and what can be proved in only one
way, and that is a way provided and clearly
marked o'U by the laws of the land. So far as
the fact has yet been legally ascertained, the-e
members are the persons, and the only persons, to
represent the popular will of New Jesey, and if
the truth be otherwise, it will be found in time—
jus' in the time and the mode appointed by law—
and then the proper correction will be made.
And I would take leave to remind gentlemen, such
as honestly make much of the popular will, that
ours is a Government of Constitution and laws, as
well as a popular Government; and I know of
nothing, no, nothing fraught with higher danger to
such a Government, than that the Constitution and
laws should suffer encroachment and violation,
under the pretence of serving or preserving the
ascendency of the popular will. 1 say to gentle-
men, preserve your Constitution, and your Con-
stitution will preserve and maintain the true
sovereignty of the people. But once depatt from
the Constitution and laws, once give them up,
once let slip the cables and drop off these anchors
into the great deep, and we are adrift, with our
last and only security gone. The moment this
is done, this Government becomes a government
of men; ay, a government of the strongest. Occa-
sionally, indeed, reason may lift her feeble voice,
and be heard; but the certain end will be confusion,
anarchy, and blood. Stiike out the Constitution,
iii any one essential feature of it—do this and you
strike out the sun f> om our political firmament 
and you leave all those ponderous bodies, the
States, the planets of our system, to wander on in
illimitable space, without any thing to keep them
within their wonted and proper spheres, and with
nothing to prevent or preserve them from those
dreadful and destructiie collisions which will
inevitably follow.
Sir, if this House, or the country, need a com-
mentary or a warn'ng in regard to the course of
proceeding in cace of a conte-t for seats he-e such
as has been and is proposed to be adopted on the
present occas on, they have that commentary
and warning in the history of the present House
of Representatives. What is fh.it hi-to yl We
are now in thé m ddle of the third week of an
attempt to o ganize the House, and the o'ganiza-
üon's not iet competed. Whit has produced
this extraord nary and dangerous delay? Sir, on
the first day of the session, the Clck of the House,
acting no doubt, as he wat advised and n^tructed,
having a plain and simple duty to perform which
fhoulcl hive embarras-ed nobody, suddenly came
to a dead stuid midway in his call of the roll of
members returned here as Representatives. The
pos tion on wh ch he rested was identical in sub-
stance with that which the majority of the Ho-se
now seem d sposed to adopt and maintain. It wa',
that in all cases where members returned to this
House are followed here by claimants wfh the
avowed purpose of contest ng the seats of such
members, whether w th reason or without reiron,
on good ground-; or on no grounds at all—nobody,
of course, can tell—in all «uch cases, such rr em-
bers are to be e-cc'uded from their seat^ until the
question of ultimate right shall be dec ded. In the
conduct of the Clerk, then, a mere ministerial offi-
cer, who arrests a h'gh pubic proceeding, and for
the time brings the Government itself to a pause
we see the first pract c.il effect of th¡s novel and
dangerous doctrine. And what has followed this
bold and unfortunate beginn ng? For four d«-s
the body of Repiesentattves he e assembled went
on without a head, unless the Clesk m ght for some
purposes be so regarded, preserved fiom confusion
and violence only by an extraordinary exert on of
mutual forbeaivnce and moderation. An im-
poriant chf-nge in the condition of the House was
then efTec'ed. Pressed by a stiong necess ty, and
a common sen=e of danger, the House resolved to
escape, wh le it could, for the delicate and
hazirdous position in wh ch itw.'S pl.ced. A
venerable member from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] fined by his age and his superior merits
for the occasion and the office, whose long and
eventful life had been one of devotion to hs
country and to mankind—who had once been
called by the confidence of h s countrymen to
pres de over and g.'idr the destinies of the nation—
he Wos named a'ino-tby acol un-tion, as the pro-
per individual to pres de over and pre.erve the
order of the House, and was conducted accordingly
to the chair.
And now a new spectacle was exhibited to th;
country and the world. We, the assembled Repre-
sentativts of the nati n in Congress, unable as jet
to comp ss and form a coi sututional House, had
now resolved ourselves into a body, organ zed, in-
deed, in our own way,yet inorgánicas a House of
Representatives, became without orsars known to
the Constitution and Ihe law—a body of Congres-
sional Representatives, wjth an ex'ra-cons'ilutional
organizaron, drawn up ¡n fotmidable and imposing
array, with an extra-onsúiutional head, and stand-
ing, not on the platform of /he Constitution, but
standirg wi hout, at the portals of that great edi-
fice cf Government founded and reared by our
fathers, with no flag waving over us but one that
we may be said to have borrowed for the occasion,
that we might seem to belong to a country and a
Government, and to be acting in their name. Fear-
ful condition for ourselves and for the country—
this body, this ex ra constitutional body, lasted for
ten days or more, and until, indeed, all ft It and saw
ihat its existence could not be protracted mcch lon-
ger, while the way of escape Keemed only to grow
more and more doubtful and difficult. A dark, mys-
terious, and impenetrable future was beft-r* us;
and what man among us had courage to look over
the prrcinice on wheh we stood, and peer into the
deep, dtep, fathomless gulf which yawned heneath
our feet? Sir, the boldest shrunk back. The hops
of tscape to which all clung, though none could tell
how that es'ape was to be effected—this hope, and
the efforts it inspired, finally saved us ; and let us,
one and all, thank God devoutly for our delivei-
ance.
New, I appeal earnestly to gentlemen, shall not
the past fuflice? I beseech, I implore them, by
the difficulties we have just encountered, by thesp-
palling dangers we have just escaped, not to pursue
their doctrine and policy further; nol to go on, and,
by a solemn and deliberate decision, establish a
precedent for a course of proceeding which has
been found productive of nothing but difficulty and
fen I in its first prncical workings, and which, if
persisted in now, bids fair to rise up before the as-
sembled Represen atives at the m eting of the very
next, ard every new Congress, lo produce a repeti-
tion of the delays, embarrassments, and dangers.
which we have exp?rie>:c d, and to end, finallyi J
cobedy can tell in what disaster aad ruin. FirI
the sake of peace—for the sake of order—for the'
sake of the country—for the sike of f-eedom, of
cons i'utional, American freedom, and freedom all
over the woild, I beseech gentlemen to psuse. Lft
them pau<e. Let ihem not tread one step further
the perilous way Ihey have attempted. Let th'in
return to the i Uin and pleasant ways of the Cm-
Mitution and the law?; and then, and then onl/i
shall they, or we, or the country, be safe.
EECH  OF MR. CLAY,
Of Alabama,                           '
hi Señale, January 8, 1840—On the bill for tin
I armed occupation and settlemf nt of that pa 101
(;      Florida overrun by hostile bands of Icdians.
