Jan. 1*40.
Appendix to the congressional globe.
AT
26th CokG"««1st Skss.
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Clay of Ala.
Senate.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, aid that when he made
the motion for adjou^imen/ yesterday, it was not
his intention to addreis tb/ Senate on this subject
to-day; but, on refl.diorf, he had deiermined that
be would now submij s^me views, which he hoped
might sot be wholly s/wor hy of consideration.
The Senator from South Caro'ina [Mr. Pres-
tos] who addressed us on yesterday, said Mr. C.
now occupies a po ition very different from the
one in which he Mo d, and ulters sentiments very
much at variance w.th those he seemed to enter-
tain, about e.ghe. n months since, when the bill
making appropriations for ihe further prosecution
of the war in Florida was under consideration.   At
the time referred to, he not only censured (wiih
very few exceptions) all who were in any manner
connected with the management of the war, but
declared substantially, th.t before oae cent nnre
was appropriated for its further prosecuion, an in-
vestigation ought to be instituted, as io the prodigal
expenditure of the public treasure, which, he said,
had already then taken place,and ais j as to ih - causes
of the disgraceful failures of former effor s to subdue
the enemy.   Now, sir, what is the Senator's present
position ?   He not only considers this bill wholly
inefficient and unequal lo the accomplishment of
the object intended by its passage, but he is now
willing to  vote  for  an .army of any number,
—say  ten   thousand—fifteen thousand—nay, the
gentleman   went   so   far,   if   I  am  not  mis-
t.ken,   as   to   profess   a   wi'lingness   to   votj
for   an   aimy   of   twenty   thousand   men; and
this without any investigation, and notwithstanding
all bis charges and complaints of extravagance,
in relation to the manner in which the war has
been heretofore conducted.   He (Mr. Clav) was
constrained to considsr these views of the Senator
from South Caro'ina, as wholly inconsistent, and
iir conci able with those which he formeriv enter-
taneiand expressed.   Why, sir, (said Mr. C.)
the Senator has represented 10 as that the expenses
of the Florida war, from its commencement to the
present time, amounts to some twenty or twenty-
fire millions of dollars, which he very properly
considers enormous; yet, almost in the same breath,
he professes his readiness to raise an army that
would exceed his highest es;imate in a single year.
When the Administration proposes the expenditure
of more money to effectuate the objects of the war,
it is all wrong; too much has already been ex-
pended; and when the Administration proposes to
economise, to stay the hand of prodiga'ity, as the
Senator formerly characterised it, and piy for the
conquest of ihs country in a small portion of the
land, it is still all   wrong; the measure is entirely
in'fficient;   the gentleman   would now have  us
poor out the public treasure, to the amount of mi-
I on , more than   has ever before teen expended!
Sj frequently do the views and senlimen's of the
Senator change, that it may be well questioned
whether the Adminitr.tion can devise any mea-
sure that will mee° his approbation.
But the Senator from South Carolina not only
aboses the Administration for the manner in which
the war in Florida has been directed, but also re-
flects censure on the military officers who have
been engaged in it.
[Mr. ParsTow explained. He said directly the
contrary. He had said that some of the officers
had behaved with great gallantry, and instanced
General  Scott, Clinch, and perhaps General
Taylor.]
Mr. Clay resumed. He said he was awafe
there were some exceptions from the Senator's de-
nunciations; but, he said, he certainly felt justified
in saying the Senator from South Carolina did re-
flect on the conduct of some of the officers, and
more particularly that of General Jesup. The
gentleman alluded unfavorably to that officer'*
conduct in the Creek nation, and to the manner in
which he had been made to supersede General
Scott, and to the unfortunate results of his ope-
rations, while commanding in Florida. Mr. C.
also said he recollected that the Senator had ar-
raigned his conduct on a former occasion, and had
represented it as not worthy of an American
officer. Mr. C. said he would take that occasion
to «ay of General Jesnp, what the Senator himself .
""ght have known, if he had looked back into the   |
history of those matters, that, before he left the
command of the army in Florida, he had requested
a CJurt of inquiry into his conduct, which, how-
ever, was deemed unnecessary, aad declined by
his superiors. I will go further, (said Mr. C.) and
say that General Jesup is now willing, and at all
times prepared, to defend his character and justify
his conduct in that war, and, indeed, his whole
military course in the South, before any court of
irquiry that may be instituted here or elsewhere;
or before a committee of Ihe Senate, should the
gentleman think proper to move an investigition of
that character, or sh mid the Senate think proper
to appoint one tor that purpose.
But the Sena'or from South Carolina has taken
occasion to bestow much commendation on  the
course pursued by General Scott, and iivis's that,
if he had not been removed from the command, in
all probability, not more than another campaign
would have been necessary to terminate the war.
Now, (<aid Mr. C.) what are the facts?   Did not
General Scott begin the war with what every one
deemed a competent force?   He had the regular
troops, which had  been lin'er the command of
General Clinch.—'he troops brought into the field
by General Gaines—and, if I mistake not, had
authority to call,   in   his   own  discretion, upon
Georgia,   Alabama, and some   of  the   adjacent
States, for any additional volunteer militia force
he might deem necessary.   He did have troops
from both the Stats named, and probably from
some others.    The  Indians   were then coi cei-
trated, or, at least, in large bo lie?,- and, Mr. C.
believed, generally ready to. give battle.   Mr. C.
said he would not pretend to speak with much con-
fidence as   to   what   might   or  ought   to   have
been  done under  the circumstances  stated; but
he might be permitted to speak of results-, arid from
them gentleman would be able to form some opi-
nion, as to the accuracy of the Senator from Soutli
Carolina.    Gen. Sett formed his own plans, for
aught Mr. C. knew, very judiciously ; he marched
his army through the country in various directions
exhibiting an imposing force, fighting battles when-
ever the occasion offered, and, no doubt, always
ready to give battle; but was the enemy subdued?
No—so far from the fact, or any indications of it,
on the part of the Indians, they fought his volun-
teer troops out of the Territory at the close of the
campaign, en their return march, at least those
from Alabama, and Mr. C. was under the im-
pression those from Georgia alto.   Ye , sail Mr.
C. when   the volunteer regimtnt from Alabama
were on their return te Tampa Bay, from a fort
then called Alabama, (now, he believed, calle I Fort
Foster,) about  thirty miles dist?nf, to embark for
their home-, the-/ were attacked by the Indians in
gre.it force at Clonotasassa, and fought one of the
haidest battles of the whole campaign, which con-
tinued about an hour and a quarter; and, although
we had a glorious victory, it resulted in the lo«s of
many valuable lives.    Such, sir, were the indica-
tiensef a speedy and triumphant close of the war,
at the end of the first campaign.     Then  what
ground is there foriayin? that Gen. Sectt (from
whose reputation, as an ofric?r, Mr. C. said he had
not the slighte.-t wish to detract) would have ter-
minated the war in another campa gn?   Several
campaigns, under t'.ie diiection of other comman t-
ers, have ¡-ince taken place, and the objects of the
war  have not  }et been attained—consequently,
when thegentlernan'fiom South Carolina insists that
Gen. Scott would have accomplished those objt-c's
in one more, if he had not been recalled, he indi-
rectly caMs ceft'ure upon  o her officer*   equally
skilful and meritorious   At all events, said Mr.
C. let the gentleman *bow what would have b en
don? by Gen. Scot',  that his successors in com-
mand have not done.
Sir, slid Mr. C. some allns'on has been made
by the Scni'orfrom S.uth CaroÜni, to ihe conduct
of the Creek war; and as I happen to know, per-
sonally, mmy of the circumst inccs under which
General Jesup acted rn that rccaion, I f'el it my
du y to r.:f<r ti them. If they had been fully
known to his ccmrmnrtirg Ger;eral, I have utile
doubt they would, as theyahould, have called fonh
commendation instead of censuie..
Had General Jesup been disposed to take up th<¿
line of miren frim Tu-keg.-e, the head quarters of
the Alabama volunteer?, with any undue haste, he
might have dene so f uc or five days soon?r than
he did. He hid a sufficient number of troops ii
ihe field to have loughl every Creek Indian then in
arms against us; he had ams, mnri-ions, subsis-
tence, and the nx-a'is of tianspoitviun. Indepen-
dent of seven or eght hundred Alatvini volun-
teers, then under his immediate c mmind, and a
still g eiter number at lrwinton, he hud ^erured the
co-operati'w of the powerful chief Hopolh-le-Yoho-
lo, with s m? nitre i hundred friendly warriors;
and knew he would te joined < n his march by an
additional battalion of mounted men then on their
way. His trojp.s had been s me time in camp,
weie in dangT of becoming sickly, impatient
for active service, and liabe to tiat discontent
which long dtlay nuiversally produces with the
best citizen soldiery. In the mjati time he had
ascertained from a source ihat merited the highest
confidence, that Tuckabache-Hadjo, a popu'ar
chief, was vascillating as to hi* course—balancing
between a union with the ho-<ii !e Creeks or the whites,
and that, if he had joined ¡he eBemy, he would
probably carry over with hm some two thousand
warriors. This chief was a brother of Nea-Micco,
a principal chief, Who was already at the head,
aidencimpei with a portion of the war party.
Such an union was greatly to be deprecated; it
would have reidered the enemy formidable in-
deed, and would very naturally have ra l:ed against
us much the larger portion of the fighting men in
the nation. Under such a state of things, not a
moment could have been justifiably los ; it be-
came the duty of G.m. Jf sup to take such s'eps as
would strike terror into the enemy, already in the
field, and deter others from augmenting his force.
Fortunately f>r the count y at large, but more espe-
cially for Alibarna, G n." Jesip pro-npily deter-
mined on the propar course. There were two
routes leading from Tu*kegte to lrwinton, whither,
Mr. C. b«lieved,G?n. Jesup was ordered to manh
and join Gap. Scot', the most direct of wh ch led
near the encampments of the enemy. During this
march Ge i. Jesup captured Neamathla, the life
and soul of the war party, with his son. The ce-
lebrated chief alluded to was the master-spirit, who
had ras;d the storm, and he alone was able lo
ride in and direct i . This well-timed and most
fortuna'e capture struck terror and dismay into
the hostile party, and at once terminated the war.
In a few days afterwards they we--e all captured
or subdned; the white inhab 'ants restore 1 to their
homes, and pursuing, in safet;, their u ual avoc>
tions. Suppose it had been contrary to ordirs,
(which, however, Mr. C. denied to be the fact, so
far as he wa* informed,) is there any Senator pre-
sent who would not be ready to jus'ify a departure
from the prescribed hne of march, under such cir-
cumtLinces, when it wa« certainly to be followed
by such happy rei-ut-.? By this fortunate and
prompt movement, a war, which had been com-
mence! with one of the moht powerful and war-
like of the Indan tribe<, was terminated wihoutr
bloodshed, (after the troops were in the field,) which
nvghi otherwise have cos-t duusinds of valuable
lives, and have been ?.s protracted, and have cost
as many millions of dollars as that with the Semi-
nóles. Sir, said Mr. C. it was my fortune to he at
the headquarters of the Alabama troop*, on the
occsion relet red t>, and, knowing the state of
things, as I did, I not only advise 1, but urgfd Gen.
Jesup t) adopt the couts; he did; and, so far from
meriting censare, his conduct en'itles him to com-
mendation and gratitude.
Mr. C said he dd not think it necessary, or pro-
per, on this c ceas on, to p?s; on 'he relative merits
of those two offic rs. Their deeds were recorded
in our hb-t >ry, and known to their county men.
They had both d s ingui-h?d themsdves in some of
the haide-t fought battles on our Northern front"er,
during the la e war wi-h Great Britain. Al?d..he
wo.uld not have made the remarks which ha 1 fallen
from him, but for the wiong done to Gen. J^P 
under circumstances will which he (Mr. C.j w
familiar, and because he desired that justice, might
br. awarded to that meritorious and  disirgu -ea
° ¿"'said Mr. C. ihe geatleman c?csurcs the Ad-
