¡o
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¿6rn Conc -."1st Skss.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Duncan.
Jan. 1840.
H. of Reps.
mm fro n New York [Mr. Vandkrpoel] rejoined
that tfjfee pap rs were copies. Does the gentle-
man fnm New Jersey [Mr. Randolph] mean to
deny taat the original papers, of which these are
0 ipse-, were never bítore the Governor and Privy
C>uncil it New Jerse>? The gentleman from
New Jer e, [Mr Randolph] dropped his head and
said, "„Vu, sir." Sir, such a quibhle is too coa-
tempiib e for this place. It is unworthy of ihe
gentleman himself; it is unworthy of this House
and t'i s body; it n alone worthy of the most piti-
ful ^evenfh-rate patif> gger. Sir, I trust I shall not
asain be interrupted by a question of ortUr involv-
ing such a quibble.
It is the strongest evidence of a bad cause, when
it must be mainlined by low quibbling.
Bui, sir, gentlemen will find blustering threats
and b "Sie ous denun iations as ineffectual as
quibbling. They wi-l fiad, «hen such means are
res rtrd to to carry measures ov er the Democracy
here, that they are barking up the wrong tree, or,
what may be worse, that they have not treed their
game at al>. There is too much of the Revolu-
tionary blood flowing in the veins of the Democracy
hire to q tail or wince for a moment at all the
bast and bluster that can be paraded in this dying
sniggle tf Federalism. It will all be regarded as
•' sounding brass and tinkling cymbals "
An the floods rush fiom the mountains of Ethi-
opia, to the overfl iwing of the Nile, and to ihe en-
r.chin' of ihe valle>s and p'ains of Egypt, tobas
be?n the lomnt of public s«?n'iment and approba-
tion through ihe meJtum of the ballot bf>x, in favor
of the reading measures of th s Administration, and
the glorióos and hal'owed cause of Democracy and
the reop'e. S r, witti the Revolutionary blood and
patriotism of our ancestors, backed by the thuu-
deiicg vo.ee of approbation by millions of freemen,
a-e the Democracy to be *.wed or intimidated by
the threats or frownsof a conquered and dying par-
ty in their last spasmodic agonies? No, sir; its
effect is but to produce the sneer of contempt and
derision. As it is cjmtnon here for gentlemen
Whigs to gi/e their young friends (new Whig mem-
bers) advice, so I will volunteer som% advice
to my young fiiendh; and that is, to treat with
contempt and scorn, all the blasting, blowing, blus-
tering, and bullying displays they may see here
or elsewhere, though the fiercest Federal lions be
nrned into this hall, an i though their " shaggy
tails be erect, and their jaws bedaubed with human
blood," they really have no terrors; the people
have extrae'ed their teeth; they can do nothing but
shake their manes and growl; approach them, lay
your hand upon them, they are tame; tb^'are
like Dame 's lions; the hand of God rested on them;
the hand of the freemen < f this coun'ry rest upon
ihe Federal  lions and bullies of this day.   When
1  fiist entered this hall, 1 entered with some trepi-
dation—such is the Whig system of puffing by
He lean, 'ank dogs, in the character of penniless
lester writer , who beset this Capitol by throngs,
and who«e hungry ye'p is neveroutof your hearing.
I expected to see men gigantic in body an i intellect;
such is th? effect puffing has upon the mind of
objects at a distance; bat when I came to ming'e
vmh them, I found few of them whose bodily
altitude exceeded that of my own and; when I sur-
veyed them, 1 saw nothing in them, mentally or
rliyS'cally, to be feared; I found them ju&t such
creature;  as surrounded me at home every day; I
y& v notung here at which a well corn and pork
f*d Western Buckeye would not donee his wool hat,
throw of h's linsey hunting shirt, roll up his sleeves,
at'd " walk right xnto."
We have heard the tempest of party howl; we
have felt the rain fall m torrents from the party
e euents; we have been pelted by the hail; we have
•-een the lightning flash; and we have heard the
thunder peal and roll over our heads; but we have
not been stricken down or riven by its bolts; and all
ihi«, too, when foul Federalism bad reared its crest
toils gieatest altitude—to the threa'ening of the
overthrow of our simple Republican institutions.
What now have we to fear, when it sneaks lo hide
its guilty face, and is ashamed of its very name.
It writhes under the feet of our free insutauonb as
the repule squirms under the heel of man.
Sir, as if to prepare the Opposition for a contest
of violence, the New Jersey usurpers have been
advised not to jump out of the windows, as was
the case at Harnsburg. The Democracy of this
House have manifested no disposition to maintain
their principle;, by bowie knives, or carry out their
measures with brickbats. The admonition was
gratuitous and uncalled for. Nor was it the De-
mocratic members of the Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania who threatened violence to the corrupt
usurpers who claimed seats in that hall. It was
the honest, hard-handed Democracy, who rallied to
the standard of their country when their legislative
halls were to be corrupted by usurpation and
fraud. It was the kind of men who maintain and
support your country in peace, and defend it in war.
They were the kind of men, and governed by the
same political priactples,who were called plebeians
in the republican days of Rome, who, when An-
thony offered Caesar the crown, threw up their
sweaty caps and clapped their hard and chapped
hand*, at his refusal to accpt it. Anihony per-
sisted, and offered it again. Caesar refused it; they
threw up their caps, shouted in token of appro-
bation, and clapped their chapped and bard hands;
but the patricians groaned and hissed. Again An-
thony offered him the crown; but again Caesar
passed it with his hand from his head. The
patricians groaned and h:ssed; but the plebeians
continued to throw up their sweaty caps and clap
their hard and chapped hand . These were the
kind of men who fil'ed the streets and crowded the
legislative halls of Harnsburgh. They saw that
their liberties were in danger, and they rallied to
the defence of their institutions and the purity of
the elective franchise. Such men do not crowd the
streets and avenues of Washington city and over-
flow the legislative halls of this Capitol. No, sir;
the usurpers in this case have nothing to fear from
the"popu'ace brre. Sir, with many honorable ex-
ceptions, our streets and avenues are crowded with
blacklegs, political jugglers, hungry expectants,
lounging, lean lazarom loafers, bank vassals, and
Federal minions, congregated fiom all parts of the
Union. Dandies, coxcombs, and hveiiei drones,
whose subsistence depends upon thefr, begging
or fraud, or upon the "glories of the credit
ami banking system." Hence it is that you
hear from your galleries shouts of approbation
and joyous applause, when you gain any thing
like a temporary Whig victory over the cause
and principle  of Democracy, however contempti-
ble and pitiful that victory may be. Sir, I think
I can give the userpers assurance that they are on
the rieht side for safety here; but I could not insure
them from t'ecapitation if they were to present
such claims in the Capitol of HarrNburg. Sir, as
usual, we have heard the success of the cause of
Democracy attributed to corruption, Executive in-
fluence, usurpation, base vassalage, party slander,
and servile submission. Y«s, s;r, trie Admnistra-
tion and all its measures; the Harrisburg Con-
vention; the election of General Harrison, and
the success of ihe Federal party; and the contest
for party ascendency in the next Presidential elec-
tion, have all been drawn into the vortex of discus-
sion, on the simple proposition óf the New Jersey
election returns; and free drafts m that discussion
made fiom the columns cf the mos' slanderous and
degraded Federal sheets of ih's day of political
strife and reckless turmoil, to abuse the Adminis-
tration and its measures,arid the Democratic party.
I meet and face ihe whole in my weak way.
Such charges are in bad time, and from a quar-
ter which should blush to name them. This Ad-
ministration is emphatically an Administration of
the people—its leading measures float upon an
overflowing tide of public approbation—its ene-
mies are the enemies to free institutions, equal
right?, and human liberty. To denouce it in such
terms, is but a reiteration of the high toned Fede-
ral and aristocratic doctrine, which constitutes one
of the fundamental principles of that party who
deny an intelligence and virtue to the people, suf-
ficient for the purposes of self-govenment. What
Executive influence, usurpation, or control, I ask,
was made to bear upon the great body of the Ame-
rican people, even if they were subjects of cor-
ruption, so as to secure the support which the Ad-
ministration and its measures have received other
than the correctness of the Administration,
and the purity of the measures themselves?
Has it been done through the influence of Fede-
ral officers? No, sir; they may have done
their part in the support of the Administration and
its leading measures, as they were and are bound to
do; those, I mean, who are from principle attached
to it; but there is an antagonist principle sufficient
to counteract all their influence. More than one
half of all the Federal officera of this Government,
from the heads of bureaus in the Department of
State here, down to the most petty postmaster in
ihe coun ry, are hostile to this Administration, its
measures, and the Democra'ic party and its princi-
ples, who exert themselves, to the extent of their
personal and official influence, to prostrate ihe Ad-
ministrat'oo and subvert the Democratic institu-
tions. Is it the newspaper presses through the
country favorable to ths Administration and its
measure*, to the Democratic party and its princi-
ples, that have produced it? No, sir. They may
have done their part as they were fnd are bound to
do; and they, no doubt, have exeited themselves
to the extent of their means. It is due to them to
say, that they have done much. But there is an
antagonist principle, which, to a great extent,
neutralizes their efforts and their influence. There
are more than three newspaper presses in this Go-
vernment opposed to ihis Administration and its
measures, and to the Democratic party and their
principles, to one that is favorable; and I might
ask the man who charges slander and detraction to
the Democrat c newspapers, 0' sharp.e, where is
thy blush! Look at your Federal sheets, sir,
from ycur base, bought up, corrupt vassal sheet,
the Courier and Enquirer, down to the most
contemptible rag that bears the cognomen of a
Wh g newspaper sheet. What are they, ñr, but a
tissue of foul channels and corrupt aid filthy
sewers, through which the vilest slanders and
basest falsehoods are communicated to the public
mind, not even the misnamed National Inlelli'
gencer!!! excepted. No, sir: the great princip'es
of reform, which are on their march to the pros-
tration of Federalism and the downfall of bank
dominion and bank dictation, are the result of ihe
examination, intelligence, and patriotism of the
freemen of this country; they are the result of the
"sober second thought of the people,'''' which is never
wrong. Yes, sir; the cry of Executive corruption
is yelped by a party, with many honorable excep-
tions, I am proud for my country to say, who are
sustained as a party by, and feed upon, the putrid
carcass of corruption it«elf. I wish to be under-
stood as speaking pol. tically. The cry of Executive
influence is yelped by a party, whose prospects, pe-
cuniary and po'itical, are lighted up and cheered
by the smiles of the banks and the credit system,
and cast down and overshadowed by thick dark
clouds of dismay at the frowns or disappointments
of ritner or both. The blush of shame, and the sa-
cred cause of truth, should save the Democracy
from such charges from such a party! Against
whom, or what, is this interminable war
directed? Who is it intended shall drink this inex-
haustible cup of slander aud detraction, even to
the dregs of bitterness, and bonds of iniquity? The
men of the Administration, think you? No, no! It
is not against men that all this unceasing and un-
measured torrent of calumny, detraction,
and falsehood, is directed. No, sir: it is not in-
tended for the men who administer this Govern-
ment, and those who support them. It is against
the cause of Democracy, and the free institutions
of our country. Men are used merely as instru-
ments of illustration; men are the mere mediums
through which the great princip'es of f qial rights
and civil liberty are to be overthrown. No, sir:
when the party tempest howls the loudest, and
when the storm of faction rages highest, and bet 
the hardest upon our plain, simple, Republican in-
stitutions, the men who support them and their bit-
terest assailants, are on terms of intimacy and
friendship. Yes, sir; and even those who are Ihe
most unmeasured in their abuse of the President
and all his leading measures, are the men who are
lo be found most frequently at Ihe table of his
bounty, and who drink deepest from his wine
goblet. And all this is right: these men have no per-
