52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26rw Cono*••• 1st Sbss.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Duncan.
Jan. 1840.
H. of Reps.
obedience to thrir new commander.    Murmurs,
.^editions and tumults will be rua'd throughout the
e?mp among his troops.    We have already heard
some whimpenne, and seen some evidence of dis-
affection here.   I hold in my hand a paper which
contains a Whig dialogue, that speaks the voice of
thousand*.    It is s-hort, and I will read it:
"Goad morning air."
"Good morning to you, rir."
"Hare )ou heard Irum the Ilarnabure Convention?'
"No "
"«enero/ Harrison is nominated."
" You don't say so !"
"Ye  I <lo!"
"Oh''"
Another:
'■Good morrT.ng, sir "
'•Good morning, air "
"Well, ihe Harnsburg Convention have shot their granny."
"No, they hav'nt—I wish they liad."
Yts. .ir, di appoirtment, confusion, and dis-
may, brood id  he heart , dwell upon the tongues,
and p«rth rpon the countenances of the Clay
rai.ks, st empt to ronceal it as they may.
But to the New Jersey election. But before I go
¡ato that lvessigation, permit me to say a vtord in
relaion to party and party fee!ing>, and their
effects. No Government, since the civil orga-
nization of socety, or the establishment of political
institutions, has ever been without parties. There
nevtr has been a Government without parties; and
ihe great principles constituting the batís of party,
are the free exeic se of all naiural privileges and
powers, on the part of the individual community,
not incompatible with the general good, and a
general participation in making, adjudicating, and
executing the laws, either personally or represen-
tatively, on the one hand, and a usurpation of
p iwer, in the hands of the few to the excluñon of the
manv, on the other hand. There may be factions
or sublivision of patne1; but when the great prin-
ciples come to be acted upon, the tank and file of
every fact on and subdivision, with their leaders at
their head, banner in hand, will be seen to rush to
tr e standard of their fist pdnciples, regirdless of
teir peculiar notions about minor matters, as you
will see the factions of all names and hues rally to
the standard of Federalism in the coming contest;
and although each faction may pretend to march
af'er its own banner and wear its own uniform, yet
each individual of each faction will be known by
one badge, which he will wear in bis heart, if not
on his hat—I mean the black cockade.
Sir, I say every Government has two parties,
and every honest man in the communi'y belongs
to one or the other. Show me a man that belongs
to no par y, and I will show you aman without
principle. Show me a man who has no party
feelings and predilections, and I will show you a
fool or a knave—a man who needs a keeper, or
one who will s'tal your horse. The proper place
for such a man is the poor-honse or the peniten-
tiary. Avoid such a man; if you meet him, he
will either leg your purse, or rob you ot it.
Par'y s ihe sa't of the nation. It establishes a
wa'i hftilnefs and wholesome guardianship over the
institutions of <urcountry; it checks and restsams
the reckltss ambition of those in office, and ne-
ver fails tn expose the nonfeasance ,misfeasance, or
malfeasance of those in power. But it is possible
for party feelings and paity practices to run too
high, and thereby produee the very evils which they
are so weft calculated to suppress. When party
feelirgs run so high as to submerge political mo-
rality, the worst of evils are tobe apprehended.
Party fee'ingsand paity ambition may become so
reckless, «s to overflow the best prospects of our
country, prostia'e the free institutions which con-
s itute the bans of civil and religious liberty, and
^ ubvert the Government itself in their desolating
¡«weep; and, I must coofts-, that 1 have same
fe.ir'ul apprehensions that we new border on
.such a s ate of th.ngs. Let us examine the
New Jeifey eldions when involve the pre-
sent contest. The exam nation of the question
will show whether my fears are well founded, or
whe'her they spring from a timid heart or a dis-
tempered head.
Oa the first Monday of last month, which wat
its second day, we, the supposed members of the
Twenty-Sixth Congress, assembled in this hall.and
at ihe usual hour (12 o'clock) the Clerk of the
House of Representatives for the previous Con-
gress, in conformity with his official duty as esta-
blished by custom existing from ihe foundation of
our Government, and under the solemnity of the
oath he bad taken at the threshold cf his duties,
commenced making out and calling the roll of
members who, he had been informed and believed,
were elected to the Twenty-Sixth Congress. As has
been the custom, he commenced, geographically,
the call of members from the State of Maine, and
proceeded through New Hampshire, Connecticut,
Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, New
York, and to the name ot Joseph F. Randolph, a
Representative from the State of New Jersey.
Here the Clerk was arrested with the cry of "Pass
over New Jersey!" He itated that the election of
five of the New Jersey members having certificates
of election, and claiming seats thereby, were con-
tened, and there were conflicting evidences in his
possession, and submitted to the House whether he
should pass the State of New Jersey until the mem-
bers from the other Statu bhould be called. Here
the game was blocked. Here the proceedings to
organization were arrested; here the controversy
commenced, all on that tiruple and respectful
statement and submission ot the Clerk. Those
opposed to the Demcciauc party an! the Ad-
ministration insisted that the names of the
certificate members from New Jersey should noto
be called. The friends of ¡h<e Administration were
in favor of the Clerk's suggestion, to the end that
the conflicting claims might be examined, and jus-
tice be done. The result has been many days of
moderate, warm, angry, violent, and tempestuous
debate, at an immense expense to the American
people, when there was really no question involved
except as to the propriety of postponing the call of
New Jersey until the other Slates should be called,
to the end that justice might be done. I might
here ask what can be the motive which has super-
induced this unexampled array of hostility to so
respectful and rational a proposit on made by the
Clerk. I have before hinted at a rea on; o hers
will be developed as the history of this contest is
unfolded. But a word in defence of the course of
the Cleik in this controversy, and the reasons
which governed him. I have said that it was a part
of the official duty of the Clerk to make out a roll,
and call the names of the members of the Twenty-
sixth Congres*. This he was to perform under the
solemnity of an oath, for the faithful performance
of which he is answerabl6 at the bar or his coun-
try, and at the throne of eternal justice and Divine
accountability. What was his duty under this
solemn responsibility? Was it any part of his
duty to enrol and call the names ot men who
were net members of the Twenty-sixth Congress!
He stated at the oat>et, and he continues to state,
that there are conflicting evidences in his possession
as to the members from New Jersey, and that he
does not feel warranted in taking the responsibility
on himself of calling and enrolling ihe names of
men—wh ch call may entitle them to seats in this
hall—whom he has good reason to believe have
not been returned by the people. Sir, his course
has been in conformity with the duties of his s'a-
tion, his obligation to his conscience, his God, and
his country; and any other course would have
bten a violation of his oa'h, and his religious, mo-
ral and political duty. Hi? course has been just,
manly and dignified, and will meet the approbation
and support ofeverymanin the community un-
tainted and uncorrupted by party poi«on. But
what has been his reward here? Day afier
day contumely, abuse and derision have been
poured upon him in an unceasing torrent. No
names have been too degrading to use upon him;
no motives too corrupt to attribute to him. He
has been charged with being thecatspawof a party,
and driven to the stand he has taken as the reward
he is to receive in the renewal of his s'ation. Sir,
I have never conversed with the Clerk upon the
subject, but I take the responsibility upon myself
to deny, in unqua'ified terms, that he has ever been
flattered, driven, bribed, or hired to the course he
has taken. I throw back the charge upon these
who make it. I can maintain what I say. Now,
sir, I piesent the copy of the certificate of the Se-
cretary  of State for the State of New Jersey.
Here it is. I ask that it may be read from the
Clerk's table, together wiih all document* on his
table going to show that Messrs. Dicker«on,
Vroom, Kille, Ryall, Cooper, and Randolph,
were the six candidates who received ihe greatest
number of votes for the Twenty-sixth Congress of
the Uni'ed States in the Sta'e of New Jersey, and
are, and of right ought to be, the members re-
turned—all of which I intend to incorporate with,
and make a part of, my speech.
The Clerk read as follows:
State of New Jersey, sa.
I, James D. Westcott, Secretary of State of the State of New
Jeisey, do hereby certify, that upon a careful examination of
all the returns made by the several clerk  of the re spec ti
counties in said State, and filed in my office, and also of re-
turns of votes given in the townships of South Amboy, in the
county of Middlesex, and of Millville, in the county of Cumber-
land, verified by the affidavits of the several township officer 
of election in said townships respectively, which township re-
turns were not included in the returns of the clerks of said coun-
ties of Middlesex and Cumberland, and which were directed to
be filed by the Governor, and now remain on file in my office,of
the election for members to represent this State in the House of
Representatives of the Twenty-sixth Congress of the United
States, held on the ninth and tenth days of October, anno Domi-
ni one thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, it appears that
Philemon Dirkerson received 28 453 votes, Manning Force
28,314 voles, Peter D Vroom 28,492 votes, Daniel B Ryall
28,441 votes, William It. Cooper 26,455 votes, Joseph Killo
28,426 votes, John B Ayci mg 28,294 votes, John P. B. Max-
well 2a3S3 votes, William HaKed 28,?37 votes, Joseph F. Ran-
dolph28,427 voles. Charlea C Stratton 28,396 votes, and Thomas
Jones Yorke 28,321 votes, and by which it appears that, at said
election, Philemon Dickerson, Peter D Vroom, Daniel B Ry.
all, William R Cooper, Joseph Kille, and Joseph F Randolph
received a majority of the whole number of the votes given in
the State of New Jersey lor Representatives of said State in tho
House of Representatives of the Twenty sixth Congress of the
United States.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and affix-
ed my seal of office at the city of Trenton, in said State,
[t. «.] this twenty fifth day of October, in the year of our Lord
one thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, (1839,) and
of the Independence of the Tinned States the sixty-fourth.
JAMES D. WESTCOTT.
This, sir, (said Mr. D ) is the crtificate of the
Secretary of State, an ornee as old as the State it-
self. Created by its Constitution, its responsibility
is of the h'ghest character; its duties of the most
sacred nature, and its importance not inferior to
that of the Governor. This officer is elected by
the Legislature, as the Governor is, and responsi-
ble both to the Legislature and to the people. His
duty involves the care of the archives of the State
—the care of the files and the records. Here is an
official document given from under his hand, with
his s^al of office affixed, and under the resonsibili-
ty and solemnity of an oath which he took at the
entrance upon his official duties. Here, sir, you
have prima facie evidence of the fact that the certifi-
cate members are not entitled to seats in this hall.
Before I proceed, give me your attention for a
few moments whil« I give a short history of the
manner in which Congressional elections (for I have
nothing to do with any other in this case) are con-
ducted in New Jersey, for the benefit of those who
may read me. By the laws of New Jersey, the
election for members of Congress and the State
Legislature is held at the same time, except when
electors of President and Vice President are
chosen. The time is the second Tuesday of Octo-
ber, and the day following One poll is held in
each township. The election is by ballot; and the
votes for a!l the candidates are put in the ballot
box in the several townships. The assessor and
the collector of the township, with a judge of
election chosen for the purpose at the annual
township meeting, preside over and act as judges
and inspectors of the election, and the township
clerk officiates as the e'erk of the election. The
time of opening and closing the poles is the same
in all the townships, and is established by law.
The candidates for Congress are nominated in the
several counties on the first Monday of September.
The county clerks transmit the name; of the per-
sons nominated to the Governor of the State. The
Governor prepares and transmits a true list of all
the persons nominated, to ihe clerk of each county
in the State. It is the duty of (he county clerk of
each county to transmit a copy to each township
clerk in each county. It is the duty of each town-
ship clerk to put up copies for the information of
all, and the election is made from the persons thus
nominated.
This is the his'ory, now for the law. The law
provides that after the polls are closed it shall be
