54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSlOKAt GLOBE.
Jan. 1640.
26th Oono««"1st Skss
New Jersey Question—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
The matiei Mauds ilia.-: lay tne whole rtturnst.it
the Stae, etcfp  the township  ot S u h Amboy,
in the county of Middle;-ex, aud Millville, in the
county ot" Cumberland, is, (average vote) for
Messrs. Aycrigg, Maxwell  Halted, York, and
Stntton.....28,150
For Messrs. Dickerson, Vroom, Cooper,
Kdle, and Ryall          ...   27,951
28,492
28,383
109
Which gives Messrs. Ajcrigg and Co. a
majority of                 ...        199
Bat when we wad the rotes of the township of
Millville and S uth Amboy, the tables are turned.
There they are—look at them.
ThefoUowingUbUtxhibUs the rttult of the election,
kt* A  votes of the tovmships ofMillvUU tmd South
Jlmboy bttn counted.
Geo list. Millville votes. S. Amboy, do. Total.
Dickerson,   2.951       206              296       28453
Force,          2T813       2J5              296       28314
Vioom,        27990       2J6              296       28492
Ryall,          27939       206              296       2S441
Cooper,        27954       206              296       28456
Kille,           27925       206              296       28427
Aycrigg,      28150        100                44       28294
Maxwell,     23239       100               44       28294
Halsted,       28192        100               44        28333
Randolph,    28283        100                44        28427
Stntton,      28252       100               44       28396
Yorke,         28177       100                44       28321
By this table it is seen   that Mr. Diekerson's
whole vote is           ...       28,453
Mr. Aycrigg's      ...      28,294
Mr. Dickerson's majority                   159
Mr. Vroom's whole vote -
Mr. Maxwell's           "   -
Mr. Vroom's majority
Mr. Ryall^ whole vote    -
Mr.Halsted's   "   "
Mr. Ryall'* majority
Mr. Cooper's whole vote '
Mr. Strattoa'j   "       "   -
Mr. Cooper's majo'ity
Mr. Ki le's who'e vo'e
Mr.Ytrke's   "
Mr. Kille'3 majority                         106
This expose brings us to the indisputable and
incontrovertible fact that I asserted when 1 com-
menced this investigation, as set forth in the table
which I before exhibited, viz:
That Mr. Diekerson's majority over Mr. Ay-
crigg is 150 Totes.
Mr. Vroom's majority over Mr. Maxwell is 109
votes.
Mr. Ryall's majority over Mr. Halsted is 105
votes.
Mr. Cooper's majority over Mr. Stratton is 60
votes.
Mr. Kille's majority over Mr. Yorke is 106
rotes.*
I haveshovn that an election was held in the
Slate of Few Jersey for the election of Represen-
tatives to the Twenty-sixth Congres?; that it was
held at the proper time is not denied; that it was
held in the proper manner, a^ p-escribed by the
Constitution and the laws of New Jersey, is not de-
nied; that the officers of election for the several
township c, were legally and properly qualified to
officiate as such is not denied; that the polls were
opened and closed at the legal hour is not denied;
that tre election, so far as the reception and recrrd
of votes by the election officers of the several t jwn-
ships, was fairly conducted, is not denied; that vo-
ters who voted were qual'fied and entitled to the
•No notice is taken in this estimate of the votes
of Mr Force, the Democratic candidate, pr Mr.
Randolph, the Federal candidate. It is given up
that Mr. R. was elected by a small majority over
Fore*.
28,441
28,336
105
28,456
28,396
|60
28,427
28 321
dec ne franch ,-e  is  not detue 1,  (except lor the
m r<r purp*' rs 0. quihn.e,) and ihit ihe returns by
the 'ownship clerks to the county clerks, and from
the county clerks to the Governor, has b en made
in conformity with the meaning and «pint of the
Constitution and laws of New Jersey.   And by
these returns I have shown that Messrs. Dicker-
son, Vroom, Cooper, Kiile and Rya 1 have a ma-
jtrityofall   the votes given at the election. And
why are they not now occupying their seats, and
taking a part in the tibchaige ot their duty as Re-
presentatives from the Stale of AV10 Jersey? Sir, I
will go en to expose the reasons, and I undertake
to say that the development will unfold more fraud,
foul iniquity, and barefaced villany than has been
practised, or attempted to be practised, in any place
or at any lime since the formation of this Govern
ment, to prostrate the right of suffrage, and violate
the purity of the elective   franchise; and   this  in
open violation of law, which the actt rs had taken
a solemn oath to sustain, and which it was- their
official, political, and patriotic duly to have sus
tamed, without regard to that oath?   I proceed to
disclose: It is said that the returns from the town-
ships of South Amboy and Millville, not hiving
been made to the clerks of their respective counties
in due form, within the proper time, ought not to
have been counted by the Governor and Council;
and upon this miserable, diminutive, andsqueaking
quibble, rest the claims  f the usurpers.    What r.re
the fads, as disclosed by the evidence on  your ta-
ble, and which has been read to this bod}?
1 read from the Democratic Review, a faithful
work, whiéh ought to be in the hands of every De-
mocrat in this Union:
The South Amboy return was made tip in due form, except
that it was not signed by the clerk of the election, and that no
certificate of the "election of James M Warnc, as one of the in-
spectors, he having been duly elected to that office on the morn-
ing of the first day '->f election, wa- sen' with the return The
return was deiiv< red to the cloi k of the cnun'y on the twelfth of
October, by Mr Wojd, 'he clerk of election; he states, under
oath, that lie delivered it on that day to Mr. Booraem, and
"asked the said Nicholas Booraem if it was correct, so that if it
was not it might be made ewrrect, to which the said Nicholas .1
Booraem replied, as this deponent believes, that it was all 14
right, and proceeded to take down the votes for members of
Congress from off the said certificate along with the returns of
other townships, before deponent left the office." And the fact
is that he did, in the first official list prepared by him, include
the South Amboy return, for Mr. Steele has deposed that Boo-
raem showed him the official list, with all the townships in it,
OB the fifteenth, in the clerk's office.
The first return from Millville was informal in two or three
particulars; but the only objection to the second was, that it
was received six hours after the appointed time, though four
days before the county clerk actually made up lit? return for
tht county. For the second retorn lor Millville was delivered
to the cierk at 11 p. m. on Scturd.y, the thirteenth of October,
and his return to the Governor is dated the seventeenth.
The grounds, therefore, upon which these íeturns were re-
jected are:
1. For want of the sianature of the clerk of election; and
2   For want of a certificate of the election of an inspector in
South Amboy; and
3   Because received six hours after time in the Millville rase.
The e are good grounds for refusing to count
the votes of Millville and South Amboy! But
you dive to the depths of research and you can
find no other reason to justify the reason why they
constitute goodp-ound lor refusing to count them
than that they return a Democratic majority, and so
say vrtualiy the Governor and Council
For upon examination of the official returns from all the
counties on file in the Secretary of State's offire 10 New Jersey,
it appears that no certificate o the election of the person who
acted a« judge m Dover township, Monmouth county, was re-
ceived in time, and that no lawful certificates of the election of
either judges or inspectors in Shrewsbury or Dover townships,
were ever received by the county < lerk In Burlingtoncaumy
the return  of the townships of Burlington, Washington, Ches-
terfield, New Hanover, and Little Egg Harbor, were neither of
them signed by the clerks of election; the return from Mans-
field township was without the sianarure of'he clerk and one
of the inspectors; and that from Chester township wai received
open and unsealed; and in Somerset county no certificate was
ever filed with the clerk of the election of William Parker, who
appears, by the returns, to have acted as one of the inspectors
in Franklin township.
Yet the returns from all these township , though accompa-
nied with the evidence of these informalities, were received
and counted.
Shrewsbary gave ft Federal majority of  -          -          -      63
Dover             "         "          *    -          •          •          -246
Burlington      «' -      •'         "    .          -         -          -      17
Washington......-          -          -         -     138
Little Egg Harbor       «•••'.          .         -          -      65
Mansfield        "         "         "    •          -          -                  9
Chesterfield     "         "         «    •          •          •          -       52
New Hanover "         "         "    •         -          •          -34
theater           "         "          "    -          -          -          -      18
Franklin         «'         "         "    -          -          -         -    207
Making a total of     •          •                    -    &19
Thus, while thertownshtp returns of South Amboy, giving a
Democratic majority of two hundred and fifty-two, were re-
i cted inr wautol 'he signatureotthtcieik, and ^certificateof
ih« ele. lion 01 ,in inspect n. and the returns often Inderal town-
stun., living a Feiler.il major.ty ot eight hundred and forty-mne
votes, though all wanting one or both the requisites adjudged
vital in the Amboy case^orsome other equally important, were
received and counted.
Here, sir, you have fraud ftt its naked deform ty,
unsophisticated and unburnished;    political   cor-
ruption   ami   rubbery  perpetrated   in  open  day,
whi'e the sun is at meridian, and  in the wakeful
face and staring countenance of all living.    Yes,
sir,  oper-handed,   unblushing,   and  unconcealed
treason, of the most alarming and dangerous cha-
racter, and which would justly hang its perpetra-
tor* by the neck unt.l they weie dead, dead, dead,
in any other  time than when the political atmos-
phere is distempered and poisoned with party am-
bition, an  indomitable love of power, and moral
depravi y.    My language is sttong,  and, perhaps,
offensive; but the crime I am exposing is stronger,
and more offens've.    Ii is no less than a bold, de-
praved, and op*n attempt to prostrate the elective
franchise, and thereby subvert the   Constitution
and overthrow  the Government.    Can any  lan-
guage be too strong to denounce such a desperate,
daring, damning attempt?   "But the returns were not
made in time."   Why were they not made in time?
The law which  I have read specifies no time when
the Governor and  Council shall pr< ceed to count
up the vote*, etc.  oher than  that they shall pro-
ceed, etc. within five days after receiving the lists,
etc.   The Legislature of New Jersey, with reason,
contemplated the possibility that the  clerks might
not send up the returns within  the times specified
by law.   They  therefore  wisely  defined  no time
when the Governor and Council fhould proceed to
cast up the vote , etc.  other than the time, viz:
"within five days" after the time when all  the lists
should be returned.   But the Legislature further
contemtlaied the po sibility that  not only the lists
rr.i'ht  not  be returned within the time defined by
the"law, but also that the clerks might fail to make
the returns at all.   The law, therefore, provides
that it the e'erks shall fail to make returns within
the timtj specified, it shall be the djty of the Go-
vernor to send forthwith, at the expense of the
State, for the returns so neglected to be made  and
yet, it is urged as a reason that the vetes of South
Amboy   and  Millville should   not   have   born
counted, because the returns were not made m
time, when the very reason that they were not
made in rime, has its foundation in the failure
of the Governor to do what the law commanded
him to do, and what his office and oath bound him
to do, and in refusing to do which he violated both,
Sir, there is no means left for the Governor or his
partisans to get him out of the difficulty and dist
grace in which his conduct   has involved hi ,
except ignorance of his duty or the law, which, he
was frotmti to know.   Ignorance or fraud is jhe
horn of the dilemma on whuh he dang'es, make
the best you can of it: both inexcusable and un-
pardonable in a political, legal and civil sense.
And this he virtually admi's himself, in the fallow-
ing communication, which I now ask leave to read,
andto which I shall have or-csion to refer here-
after.    In  the Governor's opinion to his Privy
Council, he says: .                                         r
"What does the law direct the Governor to lay before the
Privy CouneiP The said lists, referring manifestly to tlelists
transmuted by the county clerks, which has been mentioned
immediately before. What are the Governor and Privy Coun-
cil to do with the 'ists thus laid before them? They are to cast
up the votes When this is done, what are they to determine?
Who are entitled, under all Ihe circumstances, to the seats in
Coneress? No, but they are to determine 'the six persons
whohave the greatest number of vote3.' No language can be
plainer Was it ever intended by our laws to make the Go-
vernor and his Privy Council the arbiters of an election?
There ts no power conferred on us to examine a single wiqies*,
to send for persons or papers, or to take one step towards a judi-
cial investigation. If we may go behind tha returns of the
county clerks to those of the township officers, why should we
stop there! We mav, by the same authority, and with equal
reason, undertake to examine the proceedings of those town-
ship officers at the polls. Wno has ever dreamed of a Governor
and Pnvy Council of New Jersey setting themselves up to de-
cide on ai y of these matters? They alwa\s have been, and
from the very words of the act must be, confined to the clerks'
returns, and to the duty of casting up the votes.
' But it a ill be asked, with force and propriety, is a candidate
to lose his seat in Congress because a county clerk doe* not
make a return ef the votes? Certainly not. If, through inad-
vei tence or ty design, any votes have not been returned by the
clerks, it is in the power of the House of Representatives, in
their discretion, to allow those votes and give the seat to-the
person who, with those votes, may be elected. AH representa-
tive assemblies possess and continually exercise the rigftt of
. ■>
