$6
APPENDIX TO THÉ COÑGllESSIONAL GtOBE.
Jan. 1840.
H. of Reps.
26th CohG'«-«1st. Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Duncan.
sets, that corsets are no longer prima/«ete evidence
of a lady; and, sir, I have even known ladies to be
w.ihout corsets.
I know men who have a certificate with the broad
seal who are not members of Congress; and, indeed,
so common is it becoming, that a certificate with
the broad stmt is no longer prima fane «vidence that
he who beats it is a member of Congress.
But we have been told more than a thousand
times this is a broad seal—" the broad seal of Aew
Jersey." This seal is not the track of a calf's foot;
no, s:r, it is the track of an ox's foot. When it is
slapped down, it make; a splash like the elephant's
fcot in a wet day. Sir, it mutt be es broad as the
foot of Milton's devil.when he was cast out of hea-
ven, which covered ten acres of ground; yes,
broader, for Governor tennin ton's certificate and
broad Hal covered the-who!e townships of South
Amboy and Millville, and nullified the ent;re vote
of bo h, the surface of which I take to be equal to
that of the original surveyed lowcshirs of the
West, which I believe are each six miles square,
which would be a fui face of seventy-two square
miles. This is going the whole in nullifica-
tion. But, sir, we are implored to the support and
defence of the broad seoi.because it had its origin in
ancient ¿iines, and has in its character the solem-
nity of antiquity. Sir, in my es imation, its power
and Character diminish by its antiquity. I believe
the kind of seal in our use can be traced no
farther back than the close of the Norman
conquest, and if that is the tme of its be-
ginning, its amiqu'ty is but a. pocr recom-
mendation in i's behalf. It had its inventkn
and origin in the dajs oí darknes-, ignorance, and
barbarity, when human ingenuity was concentrated
upon the invention of arms, and when the most
valuable human requisitions cons sied in the skil-
ful and dexterous use of those arms, and the most
skilful and successful mode of carrying on a bar-
barous warfare; when letters were unknown, and
science and philosophy were held in contempt.
This was the origin of the broad seal. It was used to
signify the intent to confirm a con'ract, and convey
real estate in fee simple, for a time, or in trust; and
the seal it elf consisted in making a scrawl on
parchment, which was not unlike the mark on pa-
per which a spider would make in its escape from
the cec'ents of an inkstand. So much for the an-
tiqui'y and invention of the broad seal, upon the
solemnity and ac e! prt^erva'K n of wh-ch depen's
be pre  rvation of the sovertignly if ¿New Jersey,
and without which her government mad te over-
thrown, and she blotted out of the Federal Union!
But, sir, I am unwilling that the broad seal shall
enjoy the benefit of the character for antiquity
which the learned party here are disposed to attach
to it. I think the antiquity of the broad seal will
have to commence wi h the reign of the Prince of
Orange, who assumed the administration of Eng-
land on the abdication of the throne by King
James. S on after James the Second came to the
the throne he manifested a disposition to patronise
and suppor', by his royal inflaence and revenue, the
cause of the Roman Catholic, to the prejudice
and exclusion of that of the Protestant religion,
and to such an extent did he carry his measures
that the nation btcame alarmed and commenced
operations with a view to put a stop to those inno-
vations upon their civil and religious liberties; and
such was the general feeling and indignation mani-
fested that King James, fearing a civil revolution
and the loss cf his head as well as his throne, in
turn became alarmed, and gave hisQovernment and
throne "leg bail" for sectmty; and it seems that he
attached the same kind of consequence to the broad
seal gentlemen here do, for he took it with him in
his flight to France and cast it into the river
Thames, thinking thereby to submerge the English
Government, and with it all her political, civil,
and religious instilut'ons; so that if it is intended
that the broad seal shall enjoy the benefit of anti-
qui'y from the close of tht Norman conquest, gen-
tlemen will have to devise some means to procure
it from the bottom of the Thames, otherwise they
will have to commence its antiquity with the abdi-
cation of King James. But the reasoning of
King James in relation to the effect of the loss of
the broad teal was about as fallacious as the rea-
soning of gentlemen hce in relation to the effect
upon the sovereignty aud institutions of New Jer-
sey, by a violation of h<r broad seal. The EnglUh
Government was not submerged either by throw-
iog the broad seal into the Thames or the abdica-
tion of King James. All the civil institutions in
the Government continued their operations. The
judicial functions were continued, civil magistrates
and ministerial officers continued to discharge their
duties. Little or no change was effected, or violence
perpetrated; some few Roman Catholic institutions
were prostrated, and Feversham disbanded the
troops in the immediate neighborhood, without
either paying them or disarming them; and these
were about the consequences. The bishops and peers,
who were then in town, being the highest remain-
j ing authority in the State, (for the Privy Council,
composed of the king's minions, and his creatures,
was totally disregarded ard held in contempt,) as-
sembledjthey chose the Marquis of Halifax their
Speaker. They gave directions to the judicial,
civil and ministerial departments to continue in
the discharge of their several duties. They reunited
the army, and issued orders, which were obeyed,
to the fleet, the army, and all the garrison*, and
at the same time placed the Prince of Orang , the
next of the blood royal, on the throne, and the Go-
vernment went on as before. And this is a'l the
effect that both the locs of the broad seal and the ab-
dication of the throne had oa the Government of
England. What disastrous consequences have we
to fear, then, to the sovereignty of New Jereey,
when our course is to secure justice to her citizens,
and stabi.ity and freedom to her institutions.
Such fanaticalandsuperstitious attachment to the
broad seal s worthy the slavish land of precedents,
aristocratic customs aud despotic dogmas. Whea
in the reign of George III the broad freal of Eng-
land was stolen from the high Chancellor, a ques-
tion was enteitained and discussed, whether the
thief who stole the broad sea I was not the King,
ie facto, of England, and George III merely King
de jure; nor is the broad seal of New Jersey
entitled to the solemnity which gentlemen here
attach to it, from antiquity. If I mistake 'not,
history authorizes rae to say that the Governor of
the colony of New Jersey was a tory in the Re-
v olution, fled his country, and bore the broad seal
with him; so gentlemen must limit the antiquity of
this broad seal to the State organization of New
Jeisey. This is not the first lime the broad teal
has been used for the base purposes of fraud. The
Earl of Essex, in the reign of Elizabeth, coun-
terfeited the broad seal of England, and thereby
seized many large estates, which he enjoyed for
some years before the fraud was discovered.
Sir, during a part of my remarks on the broad
seal of New Jersey, and the fanatic attachment of
the learned of this House to it, a gentleman, who
sat in the gallery, made notes of what I said; he
turned a portion of those remarks into rhyme, and
presented it to me—here it is. To the end, that
some future use might be made of it, I was desi-
rous to prefix a tune to which it might be sung.
Finding my own poetical and musical abilities in-
sufficient (for I have no poetical talent, nor have
I any turn for music, save that I sometimes draw
the horse's tail across the catgut, and squeak out a
litt'e music for my own amusement, not for any
other person's,) I applied to my little son Thomas,
(a boy ten years old,) who is a musician, and I
fear has a talent for poetry, (I fear so, for I have
seldom known a native musician and poet that was
good for any thing else) to assist me. He took
hold of the paper, and, counting the syllables of the
first two lines of the verse, instantly applied the
Air—"Jim Brown."
When England's Third George madly ruled o'er the land,
A thief elote his seal from the Chancellor's hand;
And quibblers in crimson, and vicars in lawn,
Asked, who was the King, when the broad seal was gone?
And some were so simple—ay, passing belief—
As to say that the sovereignty lodged with the thief;
That George was a sovereign—de jure—alone,
While the thief with the seal was, defacto, the Throne.
But, excepting this time, since the daysof King James,
When he threw the great seal in the midst of the Thames,
No child e'er conceived, tho' his sire was an ass,
That sovereignty lived in a circle of brass;
That Liberty nestled in lumps of red wax,
Affixed to dead leather from belltoeather backs,
Till Pennington's seal, with its plough and its steer,
Was shown a  tke pretend oftovsreifnty here.
Yes, yes: it was left for ths wise of our timo,
To second an error bo grand and sublime.
True, Essex the Earl, in Elizabeth's time,
Counterleited the seal of his sovereign for crime,
And many a broad belted Earldom he gained,
And with tha strong hand of a noble ruained;
But at last Gaffer Time, that old mar plot, revealed
What Essex so long from the nation con-cealed;
And back to the owners the lands were returned,
While the records were crossed, and the tule deeds burned.
The seal of New Jersey, tho' good in its way,
Is not hall so ancient as many folks say.
When a province, and during the Third George's reign,
A tory her Governor long did remain;
But finding, at last, revolution was brewing,
And fearing the quid they designed for his c'newin j,
He cleared, with the seal in hii pocket—oh, fie!
And left its antiquity—all inmij eye.
Illustrious seal! thou art biErsei, by half,
Than the In ad of a cat, or the toot of a calf.
An ox could not coser thee over, 'tis \ lam,
Milton's devil, to do it, would labor in vain.
He covered ten acres with only one lout,
But you covered Miiville and Ámboy tu boot.
Yes, Miiville and Amboy, and, sorrowlul la e,
Youpalstedthe popular Will of a Stale.
Hut softly, my muse, thouiirt fast in thy zeal;
The lovers of freedom have pals ed the seal.
Yes' spite of thy mighty defenders—Oh! brass
Impressed in red wax on the ikm ol an ass—
Thou art left for thy own sovereign people to scorn,
Though lovely art thou with thy fie! ■! if ripe corn;
Thy ox an I thy huihanitman b'usli in be shown,
Declaring a f ict which the pewple wor t ow ;
Thy presence is evidence, only, that men
Can do with thy face what they do with a pen,
That is, i hey can use thee to solemnize friuda,
As wedding rings olten are given to bawd ;
But simpletons only will swallow tor truth,
What apc3 would reject in, the days of the r youth.
Once, gentlemen, on'.y, wore i nffles ar d boot^,
And lovelocks and dickeys and superfine mils;
And ladies,alone, in ti?ht corsets were «een,
In dancing saloons or in walks on the green;
And members of Congress, alone, weie i evealed,
By writings on parchment, by Governor's sealed;
But now many loafers in boots walk the sin et,
And womaa—notladies—in corsets we meet;
And men claiming seats in the halls of the land,
With sovereignty waxed in the gripe of the hand,
Whose rights to the same scarcely equalled the brutes
Who lurnished them parchment sni wool for their suits.
But reason looks down from her mountain top throne,
And passing the boots, takes the decent alone;
And throwing the corsets and signets behind,
Takes ladies for ladies and members in kind.
Then hey for the age, when the mark of a dolt,
Though bioad as an ox or as small as a colt,
Is passed by the free, lor the facts of the caso,
And parchment and wax to the people give place.
But, sir, in all these arguments and conclusions
in favor of the rights of the people of New Jersey,
to the exclusion of her broad seal, which has been
on ihis occasion used to prostrate them, we are met
with the all omnipotent objection oí PRECEDENT.
Sir, we have been hammered with precedent! pre-
cedent ! until we are all beaten into stupidity. Sir,
I hold in my hand the Constitution and its amend-
ments, and the whole put toge her is not laiger
than a child's primer, and its ea\y comprehension
resembles the contents of the book it in size repre-
sents. Its brevity depends upon the simplicity and
clearness of its provi*ions and propositions, and the
whole most happily displays the powerful minds
and clear comprehensions of those who framed it.
Every sentence in it shows that its authors meant
what they said, and said what they meant, and no
more. Hence it is that the Democracy of this
country, entertaining thi* view of the Constitution,
deny to the Federal Government the right to exer-
cise any power not expressly authorized by the
Constitution. And yet, simple and plain as it is,
adapted, as it is and as it was intended to be, to the
most common unlettered understanding, not a
question can come up here that has any connection,
mediate or immediate, with the Constitution, but
we are led into the labyrinths and mazes of anti-
quity for precedents to illustrate it. We have our
tuicomplexed Constitution; we have, what we sup-
pose to be, our plain, simple, and well understood
maxims, customs, and institutions, that all are sup-
posed to understand, and all of which have an
analogy to our Republican Government, by which
we live and by which we hope to die. But, I repeat,
that a question can hardly be raised here, but
what we are driven, for its illustration, into the dark,
damp, winding labyrinths of antiquity for prece-
dents, which, when found, only serve to involve
us in the fog and the mazes of metaphysical
jargon. Sir, I, as an American citizen, hold my-
self bound by none of them,only as they illustrate
truth and maintain justice.   Our gallant ancestors^
