I
Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
26th CoHg«"«'l8T Sbss.
New Jersey Qttestion—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
by a bravery and patriotism which *hall ever be
tie subject of shout and song, threw off their
«/legiance to the throne and Government of Great
Britain.    They broke the chains and  burst the
shackles that bound us to an order of despotic
dogmas and a set of aristocratic maxims; and I
hold that all obligations have been cancelled, and
we are now free.   But gentlemen say, "No: we
are bound by precedents."   Sir, we might as well
be under the mandates of her Britannic Majesty,
as to have all our own free and simple institutions
overthrown by the aristocratic precedents common
to England.   To little effect did our ances'ors bat-
tle for independence, and to as little effect did they
ply their patriotism and skill to rear a Govern-
ment of free institutions, if the divine right of
img precedent is to dictate laws, and enforce his
despotic wages upon us, to the exclusion of our ~
own Constitution and laws, and in the teeth of
common sense, and the plain principles of justice.
Why, sir, one would be led to believe, from the
vast consequence attached by gentlemen in this
discussion to precedent, that it is the prerogative
of precedent to not only control the civil action of
th! living, but to judge the   dead.     Sir,   such
dogmas may suit such   as   occasionally   amuse
and delight themselves in pronouncing eulogies,
such as did the gentleman from  South Carolina,
[Mr. Thompson,] the other day, on the G3vernment
and institutions of   England.   We  always have
bad a party in this country who have been a little
more attached to the political institutions of Eng-
land than  those of their own country.    For my
part, sir, I have no love for the concern.   I look
upon their Government and all their political in-
stitutions as a rotten, corrupt, and despotic esta-
blishment, at war with every true native principle
of human  liberty; and most of their maxims and
precedents incompatible with the simple institu-
tions of  onr    country.     Their   corrupt   policy
has bankrupted the nation, fastened shackles of
slavery on their people, that will never be broken,
and filled their continent with hungry, pinching,
and naked beggars.   Yes, sir, tombs of despotism
and antiquity have been torn open, and the rotten
and half decayed volumes of other ages and other
centuries paraded forth to prove  to the Ameri-
tan people that the apostolic reverence due  the
worm-eaten carcass and gray locks of precedent de-
mand that Governor Pennington's certificate and
the broad seal of New Jersey, in the face of justice
and truth, staring us in the teeth, and in the viola-
tion of the voice of a majority of sixty thou-
sand   freemen,   entitles   Messrs.   Aycrigg   and
company to seats in this hall.   As I  have be-
fore said, the great question seems to rest in this
simple inquiry,  whether Governor Pennington's
certificate   and    his    broad   seal    shall    secure
to   Messrs.   Aycrigg   and   his   associates  seats
in this Congress, or whether evidence, indisputable
and now in our possession, of the fact that Messrs.
Dickerson and bis associates have had a majority ef
all the votes in New Jersey, shall entitle them to
seats.   The Opposition go for and sustain the cer-
tificate members, and we, the Democracy, believe
in and support the force and power of th: poll-
books; that is, we go for and support the claims of
be members elected by the people. The Opposition
rely apon precedent to sustain their position, as 1
me before said.   Now, sir, although no advocate
for precedent farther than it will support justice
and confirm right, I will, for the benefit of some
gentlemen here, recite a few  cases of precedent,
which I think, from the character of their authority,
wül have a becoming weight, at least with those
who are the authors of some of them.   We go, I
say, for ihe polls, and we were opposed to either of
the contesting members participating in the organi-
zation of the House until we were in possession of
the proper amount of evidence to decide opon their
claims.   And now for the precedents (modsrn, not
ancient.)   The first case of precedent I will pre-
sent in tavor of our position, is the case of Moore
and Letcher of Kentucky, which occurred in 1834
—a ease involving precisely the same question and
principles that this does, only that Moore, the certi-
ficate member, was a Democrat.
Mr. Aycrigg and his assoca es in this case are
Whigs j and in that case neither of the parties
were permitted to participate in the organization of
the Howe. So far we are sustained in our refusal
to permit Messrs. Aycrigg and his associates to
participate in the organization of the House. But
here comes the Whig opinions in that contest.
Mr. Doncan read:
Mr- Allan, it will be seen, opened the'question by objecting
"to the reception op the returns transmitted by the Go-
vernor op Kentucky, as bmnq illegal and null;" and the
ground upon which he declared the certificate illegal and null,
was one which did not appear on the face of the certificate it-
self, nor in any official document of the Governor of Ke itucky,
but which does appear in an offkial communication of the Go-
vernor of New Jersey in regard to the certificates given by
him to the minority candidates there. It is "that they [the
returning officersl had not counted all th ; votes "
Mr. Chilton ol Kentucky, another Whig member, said that
" THE SOLE Q.UESTION WAS, WHETHER THE CERTIFICATE WHICH
HAB   BEEN   PRODUCED   WAS OR  WAS   NOT   OP   A   LEGAL CHA-
RACTER."   He insisted it was not, because the law had not
been " complied with "
Mr. Marshall contended that the certificate was void, " be
CAUSE IT DID NOT CONTAIN EVIDENCE OF THE MAIN PACT—
WHAT  WAS TBB   CHOICE   OP  THE PBOPLB  OF   THE   DISTRICT.
Tms was what the House wanted, and this COULD BE
OBTAINED FROM THE LEGAL IÍECORU—THE POLL
BOOKS—CBRTiriED   COPIES   OP   WHICH   are   now   on the
Clerk's table."
Mr Ellsworth (another Federalist) took the position " that
the House would be governed by THE ACTUAL STATE OF
THE BALLOT BOX " not by the Governor's certificatf.
Mr. ADAMS assumed that "THE DIFFICULTY HAD
ARISEN IN A FRAUD," and upon that question he " WAS
PREPARED TO SIT AND VOTE UNTIL IT SHOULD BE
SETTLED."
Mr. D. remarked that the doses that he now was
administering were bitter doses. They nauseated
the stomachs and sickened the bowels of gentlemen
to whom they were administered. They were
technically called drastic doses, by knishts of the
lancet; but sickening as they were, he hoped gen-
tlemen would take them in confidence and good
faiih, as they, perhaps, would have the effect to
cure that most dangerous and malignant disease
with which they are affected, he meant the disease
of inconsistency—a disease n ost calculated of all
others ti subvert the moral faculties, destroy every
pretension t  truth and justice, and overthrow a
reputation for candor and sincerity. This disease
has both its remote and proximate cau<e m a drop-
sical overflow of the the foul water  of Federalism,
and these were the best doses for such a malady.
Moreover, the prescription is made by a regular
built physician, not one Who boasts of his profes-
sional skill at all, but one who has the prima facie
evidence of his profession ; that is, he has the
parchment with the appropriate certificate, and
that, too, m classic language, with all the diplo-
matic flourishes; the blue riband, and, what is of
vastly more importance, th^proai seal of a regu-
larly and legally authorized and established medi-
cal college, of the good old orthodox or.ler; none of
your new fashioned root, vegetable, botanical, elec-
tromagnetic, Thompsonian, No. 6 institution.
Then, sir, according to the doctrines advanced
here, and the omnipotent consequence attached to
certificates and broad seals, gentlemen must take in
good faith the prescriptions of any one who has the
priuia facie evidence of the medical profession,
though he be the greatest empiric tht ever dis-
graced the order of the lancet. With his explanation,
sir, I proceed to prescribe, and with the best hope
of success.
Mr. Binney (another Federalist and lawyer of eminence)
laid it down as a principle, that "there is some weight in
THE POLLS, AND UNLESS IT WAS COUNTERACTED BY EVIDENCE,
THE POLLS MUST STAND."
Mr. Lincoln maintained the same principle. But the
speech of Mr. Banks, (one of the most honest, enlightened, and
respected Federal members,) which was made upon a motion
of his own to give Mr Letcher the seat, after the first resolu -
tions, given above, had passed, assumed the highest ground,
and we ttrnk the true ground, after the House had reacted the
Governor's certineate as not corresponding with the polls. He
•aid, "the majority op votes doss entitle the person
TO WHOM THEY ARE GIVEN TO HIS SEAT Mr. LSTCHBR
SHOULD, THEN, IN OTB OPINION, BB CONSIDERED IN THIS
TRIAL AND DISCUSSION AS IN POSSESSION OF HIS SEAT "
Mr. Chilton of Kentucky said the sole question in the case
was, whether the certificate which had been produced was or
was not of a legal character. The duty of the sheriffs was
plainly pointed out by the law, and all to be decided was.
whether they had complied with it or not. He then reviewed
the certificate, and insisted that it was palpable that they had
not. Not could he admit, as had been concluded, that though
the evidence furnished by such a paper might be incomplete,
yet it was the next best that could be obtained in the case, and
therefore ought to be received. Would it be admitted in a
court of justice, macase where there were two witnesses to a
fact, one of them competent, credible, and disinterested, and
the othei of an opposite character, that, if the first could not be
obtained, the testimony of the interested witness must be ad-
mitted, because it was the next heart Surely not.
Mr, C. dwelt upon the dangerous consequences that must
grow out of the reception of such a paper to the purity of «lec-
tions, and the safety of the elective franchise.
•                   •                  *                  *                  .                  «                  «
Mr Marshall of Kentucky went into an examination of
the certificate on which Mr. Moore claimed, and insisted that
no court of justice in the country would receive Has evidence
under the Uw of Kentucky. The paper did not contain cvl
dence of the main fact in the case, viz what was the choice of
the people of the district in quesnon? This was what the
House wanted, and this could be obtained from the legal re
cord, the poll bo iks; certified copies of all which were now on
the Clerk's table The certificate was only a substitute for
these, admitted out of convenience, but if it was defective, then
resort must be had to the records themselves—which weie the
very best possible evidence in the case
Mr. Ellsworth presumed that if either of the claimants
could satisly the House what had been the actual state of the
ballot box, the House would be governed by that fact, and de-
cide accordingly. This was not one of ihose rases where a ma-
jority of slieulfs could act for the whole Had they certified
that A B had been elected according to the votes of one county,
could that be deemed sufficirntl Surely not. Suppose they
had certified the same according to two counties, would tha' be
admitted! or of three? why then of foui, when ri\e counties had
votedl would a certificate be admitted that a certain paper was
the record ef a court, except one page} This was just such a
certificate.
In the House of Representatives, Wednesday, June 11, 1834,
the case of the contested election of Messrs Moote and Letcher
being under consideration—
Mr. Adams said: There was no difficulty in the question; or,
if there was,tne House had already surmounted it, by deciding
on all the questions of pnn lple involved What remained was
easy; an  if the House would only proceed as it had been occu-
pied, they would arrive without difficulty at a just result. And
he, for one, was prepared to sit and vote till it should be settled.
The difficulty had arisen in a fraud.
Mr. Binney of Pennsylvania, remarked. Were the votes
illegally received or illegally rejected? That was the first ques-
tion. There was some weight in the rolls; and unless it was
counteracted by evidence, the polls must s and. If evidence
was brought to counteract them, that evidence must be jurigej
of as it was elsewhere—as it was daily judged of m the courts
ofjustice; and when it had been weighed on both sides, the
scale preponderating must be allowed topieponderale
Mr. Lincoln repudiated the ideaofihe decision being im-
Íiracticatle, or even difficult. All that was to be done was to
ay down a just principle, and then iry the items of evidence by
it Apreit outrage had been committed enthe people and
laws of Kentucky, and it was the duty ol the House to vindi-
cate those rights Would the House consummate the \eryib-
ject in view of that sheriff who bad fmudulent'y withheld the
poll book i Would they become instruments t > effect hie pur-
pose wh ch was to defeat the e'ection of Mr Letcher? The
House was bound to teach a lesson on that fubject, which
should prevent the repetition of such an outrage.
Extracts from the remarks of Mr. Banks, in the House óf
Representatives, May 2o, 1834, on the contested election of
Messrs. Moore and Letcher,[of Kentucky.
Iu my judgment, the majority of the votes entitled Mr
Letcher to the certificate of election. The certificate, which
mas given for Mr. Moore, and fortrarded to the Secretary
of State, was not onTy irregular, but absolutely void. It was
not signed by all the shenrK it appeared, on the face of it, that
all the votes given in the district were not compared and added
up It was proved that the Lincoln poll was withheld from the
computation, in fraud of the law, in fraud of the rights of the
electors of the district, and in frtud of the rights of Mr Letcher.
The certificate was s gmd but by thrte outof the five sheriflfe in
the district It is a principle of law that we should presume
that officers had done their duty, in absence of proof to the con-
trary. But this presumption Cannot be made in favor ef what
is irregular on its face; much less can it be made in favor of
that which is found to have been done in open violation of law
and public duty. Nor, in my opinion, does this certificate
derive any additional force from the fact that it was sent by th 
sheriff to the Secretary of Stat.", and that it has been for-
warded here. This does not cure the defects; this gives it no
additional authenticity, It was, in the first instance, void,
and, in my judgment, is still void I do not think that it enti-
tled Mr. Mooreto his seal, and 1 believe a large majority of the
members of this House entertain the same opinion.
The production of a legal certificate entitles the person in
whose favor it \s¡ to his seat, in the first instance. In the ab-
sence of this certificate, the polls are as high, if not the highest,
evidence of the person elected in the first instance, subject,
however, to be impeached. The majority of votes actually given
entitles the person to a certificate. If no certificate is given,
then the majority of votes does entitle the person to whom they
are given to his seat. Mr. Letcher should, then, in my opinion,
be considered, in this trial and discussion, as in possession of hi 
seat, and Mr Moore should be held to prove that thf majority
of legal votes was given to him, and not to Mr. Leteher. This
he should do, by clear and satisfactory evidence.
This appears to be the obvious course which should bs pur-
sued. This puts the parties in the position in which the elec-
tors of the district have placed them.
Here are Whig precedents and Whig opinions
for you! Here, Hr, are precedents and opinions
from the learned heads and honest beans of the
Whigs in 1834—in a contest, I repeat it, involving
precsilv the same question, ard no other than this
does. Then the polls were all powerful and omoi-
pjtenf, an! the Governor's certificate and the brwd
seal of the sovere;gn State of old Kenlntk nothing-
But now the tables are turned; now Whig* bo'd
the certificates, and the broad seal is all potfeyvh
and the polls nothing. Ye% sir-, tie saddle is en
the other horse. So, it srems, precedent works two
ways; or, like the juggler's card, u has iwo taws.
The jack of clubs is presented, sn-1 ■« «^"«J*
"pre to change- tenantry the beautiful q™  •[
hearts appears    So we go in these umes of moral
