64
• in n ~  ~   *-v
iAjriMiirrri. mi
APPEN&IX TO TttÉ CONGfttSStÓNAi dLOflE.
i&ttt Cons•••• 1st Sxss.
Neto Jersey Question—Mr. Dromgoole.
Dec. 1839*
•>«—......
H. of Repg.
necessary for Smith to have qualified before his
right to the seat could be regularly contested, be-
cause he held the regular return in the torm pre-
scribed by the laws of the State of New York.
But, sir, Smith never claimed the seat—his right to
t sea , by virtue of a regular and formal return,
never attached—his certifica'e never had the force
of a judgment operating until it had betn super-
seded or overruled by son.e conpetent authority.
According to the present doctrines, Willoughby,
although certainly elected, could never have
claimed the seat until Smith hid qualified and the
regular certificate had thereby spent its force. It
does uot appear, from the repon, that Smith ever
informed the House that he had relinquished his
blaim under the certificate1, still, on the ninth day
after the commencement of the session, without
appearance atd without a hearing, he was de-
clared not entitled to ih« sea , and Willoughby
■was declared entitled to a seat; whereupon ihe said
"Willoughby appeared and took his seat.
Mr. D. said that he had briefly, and in á desul-
tory manner, touched oh the principles and ques-
tions, which he thought involved in this case, not
for the purpose of endeavoring, at this time, to
produce any decided impression in favor of either
party, or with a view of declaring, on hispait,
any fixed and unallírable cpinion as to the result
of the content; but for the object of persuading the
House to dehLerate, and not to resolve, with in-
considerate, he would not say, indecent haste, that
they would not even look into the imporUnt testi-
mony impeaching these commissions, and of im-
pressing on their sense of justice the propriety of
basing their decision opon a full knowledge of all
the evidence belonginj to the case. He was for
going regularly into the examination, and for ap-
proach ng it in a tangib'e form. He was for per-
mitting both parties to be heard in defence of their
respective claims, before the House passed judg-
ment upon them.
Believing this to be the course required, both by
expediency and justice, he would not, at ibis stage
of the case, even if his mind had strong convic-
tions in favor of either party, vote for the right to
take seats; for it wou'd not have the appearance of
fair and equal justice to both; but would look like
prejudging the matter, before ascertaining all the
facts connected with the returns. He hoped, there-
fore, that it would be the pleasure of the House
to have the case fairly brought before them, and
then, having hear 1 boih parties, wou'd proceed, if
necessary, to di=crss it calmly and deliberately,
and to decide il impartially, wuh a full understand-
ing of its merits.
Mr D. said, he thought that the examination
should be had, in the first ins'ance, through the
medium of a committee, both for the sake oí con-
venience, and because all the evidence could be
toore  distinctly,   and   with better  arrangement,
brought to the view of the members.   This would
be in conformity with th« precedent, adopted, r.fter
much debate, in the famons case of Letcher and
Moore.   In that case, both parties appeared in the
House, and  claimed   to qualify; the House re-
ferred ihe matter to a committee, and, until that
committee should report, "Resolved, that neither
Thomas P. Moore nor Robert P. Letcher shall be
qualified as the member from said district."   Here
the House distinct'y and unequivocally exerted the
power of refusing to permit either party to qualify
until the matter had beea examined by a commit-
tee.   It is said, however, that th's resolution was
the result of an agreement between the parties; but
it was expressly disclaimed in debat* that it was
placed upon the ground of confirming a compact
between the parlies.   No agreement between the
pasties, as every body will admit, could confer a
power on the House which it did not possess under
the   Constitution.    He   believed that, without a
single exception, where gentlemen present them-
selves to qua'ify, and objection is made, the matter
ii> referred to a committee, who report upon the
matter referred before frr.her act:onby the House.
In the Senate, he b-'ieved, it had been the invaria-
ble practice.   This book of reports abounds with
such cases; and be felt quite confident that gentle-
men, with all their industry and research, and all
their ingenuity in the application of cases, would
not be able to find a single one of a contrary cha-
racter. He found cafes where the Governo.sof
States had commissioned members of the Senate in
due and regular form, where there was not evea a
cont-st for the s?at, but a Question beirig matle by
some member, they were not permitted to qualify
before their credentials had been referred to a com-
mittee. None of the cases of persons holding the
regular credentials, having qua ified of course, and
subsequently having their seats contested, are in
point. In those cases, no question is made and pre-
sented to the Howe before qualification, and therein
consists the distinction and dissimilarity. It is
again readily admitted, that persons banging the
prima Jacie evidence of a regular return, if no ques-
tion be raised, and no conflicting testimony be
brought to the notice of the House, are permitted
to qualify as a ma'ter of course; but it is still main-
tained, that where objection is mad*, and the ques-
tion of right rased before qualification, that it is
the invariable practice for the qualification to await
the decision.
Mr. D. hce introduced the case of Mr. Lan-
man, in the Senate of the United States, in March,
1825, by which it appears that objection being
made to Mr. Lanman's credentials, he was not
permuted to qualify, but the matter was referred to
a committee.
Mr. Wise here inquired what were the objec-
tions to Mr. Lanman's credentials.
Mr. Dromodole. Not that they were informal;
not that they were not signed by the Governor;
not that they were not accompanied with the broad
seal of a sovereign State; but that the Governor
had no legal or constitutional right to grant them.
In the case of Mr. Lanman, a motion was made
that he be permitted to qualify, which was re-
jected. Th? credentials were referred. A debate
arose, not only On the proper mode of proceeding,
but on the rights of Mr. Lanman, under his com-
mission, with the broad sral, previous to a decision,
"by which it appeared to be the sense of the Senate
that Mr. L's seat was vacant until the pending gues-
tion should be decided in his favor." Mr. Lan-
man, by resolution, was permitted to be heard at
the bar of the Seriate, on the question of his right
to a seat.   The decision was adverse to his claim.
There was, he said, a long list of cases of indi-
viduals appointedand commissioned by Governors,
in some of which, no question being raised, quali-
fication was permittfd as a matter of course—in
other.-, questions being raised, no qualification was
permitted, until they were decided—and the deci-
sions were sometimes f< r and sometimes against
the claimant. He would not consume time by a
recital of all of them, but would conclude this
array of authority and precedent by quoting the case
of Stanly Griswold, from Ohio. He appeared on
the9th June, 1809; his credentials were referred to
the Committee of Elections; and on the 15tb June,
the committee having reported favorably, he was
admitted to his seat These are caves produced
from the Senate, in which the Governor is not
made a mere returning officer, but in wh ch he had
the power of appointment or election, and the con-
stitutional right to grant commissions; and yet these
cpmmis-ions, alhough unexceptionable in form,
have never been regarded conclusive of the right to
qualify and take a seat.
Mr. D. said, that if these doctrines, for which
gentlemen contend, that certificates in due form,
signed by'he proper oflicer, no matter ho*r ob-
tained, will confer a conclusive right to a seat,
should prevail, you will strike a fatal b'ow at the
freedom of elections and the purity of Representa-
tive Government. It is the conviction of the peo-
ple, that, by (he invention of Representative Go-
vernment, and by the choice of Representatives for
themselves, by the exercise of the elective franchise,
they can virtually accomplish the objects of self
government, which renders them happy and con-
tented. It is the firm belief, thit through the
agency of election and representation the Demo-
cratic principle may be carried out;that through them
the popular voice may direct the legislation of the"
country; that through ihem those rights are se-
cured and enjoyed which pertain to them in their
character of sovereignty, and which, but for our
free institutions, could pnly be exercised in prima-
ry assemblies; it is this belief which ensures at-
tachment to the Government, induces a wiliiMg
submission to the laws of the country, and consti-
tutes a strong security for the peace and good order
of the great body of the citterns.
But, said tór. D. if you establish the doctriné
that the credentials given by the State authorities,
no matter how fraudulent, no matter how much at
variance with the will of the people of the States,
as expressed in their elections legally and constitu-
tionally made, shall nevertheless conclusively pre-
vail, you convert the elective franchise into a
mockery, you inflict a vital stab upon the sacred
principles of free Government, and yott substan-
tially defeat that gldrious system of representation,
which renders Democracy lovely and practicable.
Will you expect patient acquiescence under such a
system of thwarting the public will? Cántame
submission be expected to a wilful and wanton vio-
lation of the most inestimable rights? And if a
spirit of resistance against official impositions shall
be awakened, arid if, in its progress,seeking redress
for injuries inflicted, and panting for the recovery
of lost privileges, it ihall prompt the people to
turbulent impatience, or seditious deportment, on
whom, I ask, will the sin be justly chargeable ?
Mr. D. in conclusion, denied that requiring the
claimants from New Jersey to wait until the House
could examine the credentia's, and other testimony,
and decide understandingly who had been chosen,
was disfranchising that State. A necessary and
unavoidable delay in making a decision, certainly
can never be construed into a denial of justice to
individuals, or a disfranchisement of a State. If
her members present credentials, which are im-
peached upon substantial grounds, and not upon
slight and frivolous pretexts, if the returns of elec-
tions have been partially suppressed, or imperfectly
repo.ted, it is the fault of her officers—it is the
misfortune of the people of New Jeisey; but still
this House must exercise the power vested in it by
the Constitution over the controversy, although
some time must necessarily be consumed in the in-
vestigation, and some delay consequently ensue.
But is not delay preferable to an erroneous deci-
sion; to the admission of those who, upon inquiry,
may be found not entitled to hold the seat ? If
(said Mr. D.) you decida that we must, ex necessi-
tate r«, admit the gentlemen holding commissions,
and it shall afterwards turn out that they are not
entitled—that they have not been "chosen" mem-
bers—that New Jersey has been falsely represent-
ed—that votes have been given in repugnance, and
not in obedience, to her will—that through their
agency laws have been passed detrimental to other
States of the Union—he would ask, how could you
atone , to New Jersey, and to the other injured
States, for the wrongs inflicted on them* You will
have perpetrated irreparable mischief. Is it not
the part of wisdom, as well as of safety, to let all
these gentlemen wait, until, after a fair, calm, and
impartial examination, the House can sati>factorily
decide upon their claims? He would indulge the
hope that, if the House were disposed, of which he
would not doubt, to do equal justice to both par-
ties, to New Jersey, and to the rest of the Union,
they would not decide upon this matter with such
inconsiderate haste, as to disregard all the evidence,
and to overlook the important principles at issue.
Notk.—The case of Spalding and Meade, is of gucrr frequent
reference, and is deemed in many particulars so applicable to
the preséntense, that it has been considered, by the author of
the foregoing remarks, not inappropriate to append to them th 
entire ante* and conclusive argument, by which the proceedings
of the House in «aid case was defended and sustained.
The friends of the report remarked that the power Of the
House on this subject, was vested by that part of the Constitu-
tion which declares that "each House stall be the judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own members;" and
that this power was distinct from that which gave ultimately to
the Legislature, in case they saw fit to exercise it, the power of
determining the lime, place, and manner of holding the elec-
tions. The words "judging of returns," were comprehensive,
unrestricted and inclusive of every step incidental to making
returns. The power cou'd not be confined to the mere judg-
ing of the authenticity of the certificate of the returning officer,
as that would be nugatory. It must likewise include the man-
ner in which the votes were counted in districts; the manner in
which they were transmuted; the place appoirted for receiving
them; and the ascertaining their aggregate number. It had been
truly said that where the business of election ceases, that of the
returns begins; which, therefore, must be considered as embra-
cing every thing, after the votes were given. As soon as an elec-
tion terminates, the candidate is elected; the only thing remain-
ing  is to ascertain the   result,  and  this is done  by   the
