Dec. lSSd.
APPENBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
26th CoWG««"l8T 8rss.
appointment of Chaplain—Mr. Ifesbit,
H. of Reps.
morns wade. What, the , is the riaht of this House to judgeJ
According to gentlemen, they have not a right to judge of the
certificate of the officeis of Georgia; they have not a right to
judge how the votes are transmitted; hut of all this tlie Gover-
nor  to judge, under the law of Georgia. But such a law
would be a mere nullity, as it would be in direct opposition to
the words of the Constitution, which give to this House the
right of judging oftheretumaof its members. The fact was,
that the law of Georgia could only be considered as constituting
the Governor the organ of information to this House, which ia
the only tribunal to which the returns can uliimately be mads.
80 considering the subject, there was no reason for the remark,
that the principle contained in the report went to set aside the
law of Georgia. Should the power of the House, in this case,
be denied, it would prerent usifrom investigating any case,
howevercharactennd by fraud,and would prostrate at the
feet of an Executive officer the power so guardedly bestowed
on each House. It is inquired whether we will set aside the
law of Georgia, by the decision we are about to make; but it
doe* not follow that the adoption of the report wiU have thia
«Act.
The law of Georgia says that the Governor shall count the
mies received at a certain day; but it does not say that the
House shall not count those received afterwards. We, in fact,
then, eairy into effect the law of Georgia as far as it goes, ana
only in case of a failure supply the deficiency. Could there
be a doubt of the principle assumed in the report, it would be
removed by a denial of it, giving the power to any petty officer
of the Stale by suppressing the votes to deprive the member
legally elected of his seat. Would this be a just principle? Is
it not our principle, that a majority shall govern? And is it not
strange to Bay that a State shall have the right of violating such
aprinciplel With regard to a return it might imply two
things, the original certificate of the presiding officer in each
election district and the general certificate of the whole elec-
tion, the several parts ot which were held in different placee.
It was necessary that these several certificates should be exa-
BtineJ by some general authority.
As a matter, therefore, of necessity, some authority must
reside in the States to count up the whole number of votes and
to certify the persona elected. This power waa vested in dif-
ferent ways in the several States; whoever exercised it, could
be considered only as the certifying officer, whose certificate
was not «decision, but simply a return, subject to the control
of this House, which is made, by the Constitution, the judge of
it. The Constitution says, the House are to judge of the re-
turns. Can those returns, therefore, be conclusive, and bind-
ing upon the House? If so, the power -of judging is altogether
nugatory. If we cannot go out of the returns, and judge of any
thing not in them, we cannot be said to possess any power over
them. But the woidsofthe Constitution are precise, giving
the unrestricted power to judge. The House, then, may le-
ceive other evidence to satisfy them, than that founded - on
the face of the returns, and on such evidence may either al-
low that which is not in them, or disallow that which is.
A case has been put of votes received in contravention
of a State law, after the time fixed for receiving them,
(see the case of David Bard of Pennsylvania,) and it has
buen said that these votes ought not to be received.
Why! Because the lime for holding elections being expressly
vested in the State Legislature, in the first instance, and Con-
gress not having changed the prescribed time, the State regu-
lation must prevail. Bat let the case be pursued further: sup-
pose such votes are not only received, but included in returns
made to the Govemoi; he ia not to judge of the legality of the
votes given; the State law only directs him to count up the
votes relamed; whether they ought or ought not to be received,
he cannot judge; of this, the House is the judge. He cannot
receive evidence eut of the returns; he, therefore counts up
the votes, proclaims the person having the highest number, and
the retan  are forwarded to this body. They are in due form;
but votes appear to be admitted, which, by the law of Georgia,
ought not to have been admitted. Ia the House concluded by
this return! Are they not, on the contrary, empowered to go
out of it, and receive evidence of the fact, that such im-
proper votes were admitted? None will deny it. Fur-
ther, suppose the presiding officer to have refused votes
offered in time; suppose he had refused all the voles given
for a candidate in several counties, the Governer could
not pay any attention to these votes, for his certificate must he
founded exclusively on the votes returned to him; he would be
obliged, therefore, to certify as duly elected the person having
the highest number of such votes, although it might be proved
that the suppressed votes, if counted, would have given the
highest number to another candidate. Could not the House, in
this case, go out of the returns of the Governor, and allow the
vetes fairly given tobe counted? Is the election to be effected
by such omission or neglect? Clearly not. In the present case,
the votes in question, according to the law of Georgia, were
lawfully given, and ought to have been returned. Had that
Uw been observed, they would have been returned. In one re-
spect only was there a neglect of it. Can that, then, be said to
be a violation of the law of Georgia, which consists in giving
effect to its provisions where they have failed to be observed.
The great principle in judging ot elections ought to be, that the
will of the people, fairly expressed, shall govern. r And that
contraction of the Constitution and laws of the United Slates
ought to prevail, which consista in giving effect to good votes,
diner than destroying them. This is the principle of the re-
The adoption ef a hostile principle would be to sacrifice the
«ubstance of election to its mere shadow.   The suggestion that
f ,£¡tineiPte 0l the report is calculated to alarm the jealousy
ot the States, is ideal. The judging of the election of mem-
•*«! 1?int 1,,tnoritTi residing in the States in the first in-
*« *'« «Wmately in this House. If the controlling power
,£:i„Je*?leher8. >' resides nowhere; there is a blank in the
Zf,«..! r. «nnot reside in Georgia, for the power is not
to «U! Ü?*1/ not «ere, the States must inevitably submit
 «ni. yi,T8ni^?ty *" m v ^ practised by subordinate
bmkcanh™^n,**i<1,hatlh« law of Georgia is in force,
mweriff a£u™ to*??*- *• expense of the constitutional
UMDVeLnt^nZ8*-   ««was that Kw complied with?   If so,
raf mind  e%a1o,7Jld **P*- II**  «ue *•*the «ene-
tiveTmhSdirtai^S? onei*h«A «eparatea executive, legisla
KZrf.-ETÍ*; ?hl" m,Bh'b«an argument for the
UW bm i. k\??Kal ir,bunal for ,he '"al of contested elec • *
te^anlh?,^ttndanliu^wer t0 «how that this has not
Pat that, on the contrary, the Constitution of the General Go 
vernment, as well as the Constitutions of the several States,
have made the legislative bodies judges of the elections ol their
members. The resolution that C. Meade is not entitled to his
seat, was then passed by a vote of 68 to 53; and Thomas Snald
ing admitted by a vote of 66 to 62.
REMARKS OF MR, ^JSBET,
Of Georgia, \
In the House 0/ Reprtsentativtt, Dteeruberül, 1839—
The quf stion being on a motion to. recons der the
vole of the House concurring in the resolution
of the Senate for the appointment of a Chaplain,
Mr. N1SBET rose and addressed the House as
follows:                                               y
Mr. Spsakcr: Convinced that the Motion before
the House involves matter of serious moment to
Christianity and the country, I beg leave to offer
a few reflections. I confess, although informed of
the opinions 0 my colleague, [Mr. Cooper,] 1 have
been taken by surprise by the debate now in pro-
gress. I certainly did not expect it this morning.
I must say that I differ with my honorable colleague
in the views he has exhibited. And although his
searching and accurate mind, in its investigations
after and elucidations of truth, rarely errs, yet I
believe that he is now wrong. I know, full well,
and justly appreciate, his motives. No one is to
Christianity a more sincere friend than himself,
and no one illustrates its precepts in practice more
fully than he does. He, by sustaining the motion,
in'ends to maintain both Christianity and the Con-
stitution. Such are my own wishes. We differ in
the mode of accomplishing the same ends.
It certainly wou'd be to my mind a melancholy
result should ihe House of Representatives of this
great nation resolve certainly that it would not
elect a chaplain—a minister of the gospel, called
to throw aronnd the legislation of the country the
hallowed influences of piety—a result which would
strike with alarm and apprehension the whole peo-
ple of the Union; apprehension, not so much for
religion or the Constitution as for that conserva-
tive influence which it exerts upon the principles of
free government.
What, sir, does not liberty owe to Christianity?
The history of the Colonies proves that we are in-
debted, in a great degree, for those noble principles
of free government engrafted upon our Constitu-
tion and in our laws, to that freedom of thought
and action which brought our Pilgrim and Hugue-
not ancestry to our shores.    They fled from the
religions bigotry and political intolerance of  the
old  world  for  conscience   sake.     They .came
hither to worship God in  freedom.    And upon
the shores of a new world they planted the stand-
ard of re'igious, and, with it, of civil liberty. That
independence of mind which they asserted in mat-
ters of conscience made them alike independent as
to all r'ghts.   Freedom of service to Heaven, by a
very necessity of our nature, constrains men to think
and act freely in matters of less consequence. The
free spirit of the pilgrim impressed itself upon colo-
nial governments, and some of the best features of
our most admirable system are traced to colonial
parentage.   I make these remarks to show, sir,
that civil liberty is too large'y indebted 10 Chris-
tianity to permit os to endanger ihe former by
abandoning even the forms of the latter.   It influ-
ences ought to pervade, and do now pervade, all
the departments of Government, more or less. Into
our courts  of   justice,  our  Executive  omots,
and    our   balls   of legislation,    it   ought   to
send,    and " does     send,   a    sanative   power.
It gives a heal'hful tone to public sentiment, and
purifies the fountains of legislation.   In this conn-
try it is n* cessary, it seems to me, to maintain, in
the forms of legislation, the external ceremonials
of religion.   What though it is sometimes desecra-
ted, and its ministers false?   What though it seem
to some to be but part of Congressional pageantry,
empty, vain, and a lie?   Yet still the very form of
service  maintains   the afcendancy of morality.
Those forms are the emblems of its essential puri-
ty.   Blended, as they are, with the procedure of
Congress, they themselves become vital.   Destroy,
sir, the external manifestations of Christianity, and
you weaken its influence and endanger its vitality.
You should observe even here, sir, the form of
prayer.   The voice of praise should hash for a
brief moment, at regular intervals, the noise of
party war, and say to the troubled waters, 'Peace,
be still. 
The appointment of a Chaplain to this House is
a declaration, by the nation itself, that the Bible is
true. It is the practical recognition of its obliga-
tions. Is this no advantage? Is this not bearing
evidence to Christianity? Is it not the voice of the
Confederacy? Does not this act proclaim, through
the leng h and breadth of the Ian J, that, according
to the belief of the American Congress, God re;gns
in Heaven and upon earth? The statesman, there-
fore, should not withhold this evidence. In all we
do, it seem"! to me, we should recognise ihe sanc-
tions of Christianity, and should maintain the
purity both of the Church and the State by a decent
regard, in our public acts, even to the forms of
piety.
The manifestation of regard to religion, in the
election of a Chaplain to this House, is due to the
convictions and moral sensibilizes of the constitu-
ency of .this body. It is a just response to the re-
quirement of that moral feeling which pervades
the States. No lesc than this, I will venture to
a?seit, is required by the people, whether professors
or not. It is a tribute of respect to that religion
which makes sweet • the homes of the thousands
who dwell beneath the fosiering care of American
legislators, and in the peace of an unobtrusive
yet sustaining faith. Let it nut be «aid that the
Twen.y-sixth Congress has declared of record that
it will dispense with the services of the ministry.
Conceding, for the argument's sake, that the power
to appoint a Chaplain, under the Constitution, is
doubtful, yet I know it will not be denied that a
failure to appoint would shock the country. It
will do violence to that fervid piety which lives
and breathes and burns in ihe great heart of the
notion.
The service with which it is now proposed to
dispense, has been maintained here for years. The
wise and virtuous and patriotic of other days ex-
ercised the power, and be:ieved in its expediency.
It is hoary with accumulated years. The first Con-
gress that assembled under the Constitution, elected
a Chaplain. We are scarcely wiser or better than
that august body of men. They mingled worship
with politics. Most of the State Legislatures, I be
lieve, sir, do the same.
It has been objected that the worship conducted
here is insincere—a form and a mockery. Admit-
ting this to be true—and I lament that, in pait, it
must be conceded to be true—yet, still the general
good is accomplished, and the general evi's averted
to which I have before referred; and these general
ends are paramount; they outweigh particular ob-
jections. In all assemblies there are insincere
worshippers; men will bring the cares and thoughts
and feelings of the world into the sanctuary. I do
not know that this body, being professedly political,
is, on that account, the less devout. That distrac-
tion of mind awaits him who mingles in the stormy
strife of this House, is true; and on that account it
is well to bring hither the soothing, softening in-
fluences of charily and love. But 1 think, Mr.
Speaker, that there is in this House hot only a sa-
cred regard for Christianity, but also a strong feeling
of piety. Beneath the surface of ordinary emotion
lie imbedded the fountains of moral sensibility.
There flows through this assemblage of men an
under current of piety, invisible, it is true, under
ordinary circums'ances, but which occasionally
flat-lies and ¿parkles in the light of day. Tlrs
is obvious, in the eloquent words and thoughts
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise] He
gave utterance to the irrepress.ble feeling of re-
spect for moral things, which, doubtle s, he im-
bibed in his eailiest foimation of character. Nor
can I permit myself to doubt that there are many
here who meet these serviceswith all that solemnity
of.manner and feeling which becomes the occa-
sion. My colleague, and also the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. GarlaKd,] find a reason against
electing a chaplain, in this, that they are paid—
that they pray and preach by contract, asa that
they make this temple a place of merchandise,
selling alike their consciences and their s"vi«b. ■
find myself nothing wrong in reltg. 00s or poLtcal
principle in rewarding the minister.   It is a volua-
