Dec. Í8á9.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
£6th Cong.......1st Sb«s.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Rayner.
H. of Reps.
gling and driving to organize this House, according
to the requirements of that Con titution and those
1 ws, we have made thwarted in every at-
tempt and frustrated in every movement, be-
cause we wi!l not agree to depart from that course
which is sandiontd by the Constitution, and
hallowed by immemorial usage.
The fourth section of the first article of the
Constitution declares that "the times, places, and
manner  of holding   elections for Senators and
Representatives shall be prescribed in each State
by the Legislature thereof; but that Congress may,
at any time, by law, make or alter snch regulations,
except as  to the places of choosing Senators."
Here the Constitution has  entrusted the entire
regulation of the elections in each  State to the
Legislatures thereof, until otherwise ordered by
Congress; and Congress never having passed  any
law on the subject,  the matter rests under the
control of the States.   Well, who made that Con-
stitution?    The people of the United States, in
their character as States, each State acting and
¿eliding for it«elf.   The people of New Jersey, in
the adoption of that Constitution, which is a part
of their fundamental law, entrusted to their Legis-
lature the enactment of all laws and regulations
touching the elections in that State.   In pursuance
of that authority, the Legislature of New Jersey, a
body which also emanated from the people, passed
a law in 1807, (here Mr. R read from the law of
New Jersey,) which after requiring the c'erks of
the several counties "to make one list of all  the
candidates voted for," in their respective counties,
as Representatives from that State in the Congress
of the United States, "together with the number of
votes received for each of them," which they shall
"transmit" "to the Governor" "within seven days
thereafter," goes on to declare, in the fifth section,
that "the Governor, or person administering the
Government cf this State, shall, within five days
after receiving the said list, lay the same before a
Privy Council, to be by him summoned for that
purpose, and, after casting up the whole number
of votes from  the several counties for each can-
didate, the said Governor, or person administering
the Government, and Privy Council, shall deter-
mine" "the six persons who have the greatest num-
ber of rotes from the whole State for Representa-
tives in the Congress of the United States; which
six persons, the Governor, or person administering
the Government,shall forthwith commission, nnder
the great seal of the State, fo represent this State
in the Congress? of the United States.   Here, then,
the people of New Jersey, through their Legislature}
in pursuance of a right guarantied by the Consti-
tution, have pointed out the mode through which
their will is to be known in regard to those who are
to represent th^m on this floor.    They cannot all
come here, and .«-ay to you in person, whom they
wish to represent them here, but they declare to
you, through their organic law, that those who
present themselves with  the commission of the
Governor, certified nnder the great seal of the State,
are they whom they wish to represent their rights,
their interes's, and their wishes here.    This is a
high and important trust, which they have confided
to their Government, on his own responsibility;
and, whether he abuses that trust or not, is a
question in which we cannot inquire until we are a
tribunal competent to decide—which we are not,
until we are constitutionally organized, and have
had the evidence on both sides of the question.
And, let it be borne in mind, that the States of this
Union, in the adoption of the Federal Constitution
■—which guaranties to each State the regu!ations
of its own elections—have pledged themselves!, each
i« the other, and all to each, that those credentials
which each may have declared to be the evidence
°< vs choice, shall be faithfully and impliti'ly
respected by all the others    Well, have the raem-
os from New Jersey exhibited snch credentials.?
r\6 b aV„e ki    d their commissions read from the
oierK i table, and it is unnecessary to insist that
iieL"- \ dae,fo"na4 required by law, for that
is admitted on all hands.
fM,?ü.tÍLíftJk0t10Dly Jn « <onn¡tr with the Consti-
™lnL íf law íat lnose m{ bers having the
regular certificates should take their seats here, as
a matter of nghf, and assist in the organization of
the House, but it is also in conformity with that
e tablished usage, which has become a law of
Parliament, anl which has always prevailed from
the origin of the Government down to the present
t.me. It has been the invariable usage, not only
in the Congress of the United St-it s, but in the
Legislatures of all the States; and although gentle-
men on the other side have been called on again
and again to cite a s'ngle instance in the history of
American legislation where a different course has
been pursued, yet no such case has been mention-
ed. The case men'ioned by the honorable gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Rives] is not a case in
point, for there both the claimants held certificates,
which were valid according to the Jaw of that
State—one being signed by the sheriff, and the
other by the deputy sheriff; whereas in the case
before us no one will pretend that Messrs. Dicker-
sjn, Vroom, and others have exhibited any evi-
dence of election which is recognized by the laws
of New Jersey. The case of Moore and Letcher has
been alluded to, but that furnishes no precedent
which is applicable to this cas?; for it is establish-
ed, as well by the history of that case, as by the
repeated declarations of gentlemen duriDg this de-
bate, who are conversant with all the facts con-
nected with it, that the certificate of Moore was
defective on its very face, and not in conformity
with the law of Kentucky. Moore's certificate
was defective by the admission of his friends; the
cenificates of the gentlemen from New Jersey,
Mes;rí. Aycrigg, Halsted, and others:, are made
out according to law, by the admission of their
enemies. That is just the difference between the
two cases. And, what is passing strange, and only
to be accounted for from the rabid influence of
parly, some of the very men who are now most
prominent in leading this crusade against the rights
of New Jersey, (as has been proved by a reference
to their speeches,) then insisted that you could not
go behind the return before organization, but that
the certificate of election gave the holder a prima
facte title to his seat. This principle is as sound
now as it was then. It is a principle which, in
common with all our ideas of free legislation, we
borrowed from England, where it has been the law
of Parliament ever since the rights and privileges
of the Hou.*e of Commons have been placed beyond
the control of the Crown—ever since that House
has been the depositary of the rights and freedom
of the citizen. The authority read to us the other
day by the honorable gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Biddle] places this matter beyond con-
troversy. I have that authority now before me,
and, with the permission of the House, I will read
it again, as it ought to be conclusive upon all who
acknowledge the force of precedent and law. I
read from Jacob's Law Diciionary, under the head
of '* Parliament," vol. 5,'page 79:
" If two or more sets of electors make each a
return of a different member, (which is called a
double election,) that return only which the return-
ing officer, to whom the sheriff's precept was di-
rected, has signed and sealed, is good, and the
member by him returned shall sit until displaced
by petition."
In reading farther, I find, on the same page, the
following:
h"In the year 1640 it was ordered, that when
some are returned by the sheriff*, or such other
officer as by law bath power to return, and others
returned by private hands, in such case those return-
ed by the sheriff shall sit until the election is quash-
ed by the House."
In the case before us the certificate of the Secre-
tary of State of New Jersey, exhibited on behalf of
Messrs. Dickerson and others, is, as it were, by
private hands; he is not known to the law so far as
regards the issuing of certificates of election; and
his certificate, in the absence of any provision by
law, is entitled to no more authority than the letter
of a private gentleman.
But I have another authority, which was pointed
out to me by a friend this morning, and which is
more conclusive, if possible, than either of those I
have read. I read from Lex Parliamentaria,
page 239:
"If a sheriff shall return on« for Knight of the
Shire who was unduly or not at all elected, yet he
that is returned remains a member of the House
till his election be declared void,"
Now will any one attempt to evade th^se au-
thorities, by saying that they are Englith prece-
dents, and therefore not applicable to our country?
Sir, I have heard of some petii'bf gers who, after
hearing cited by the opposite couniel an authority
which they could not controvert, attempt to delude
an ignorant jury by telling them that it was sn
authority from England, a country where they had
a King, and not applicable to a tree country; and
that in rendering their verdict they ought not to
recognize its validity. Will any one use that ar-
gument here? I challenge any member on this
floor to ii*e in his place, and stake his reputation,
either for intell gence or candor, by saying that
these authorities are not binding upon us because
th*y are English precedents. Will any one do i ?
No one will—for every one here ought to know, if
he does no', that the parliamentary law of Eng-
land, whenever applicable to the nature of our
Government, has always been recognized by the
jurists of our country as entitled to the same res-
pect and possessing the same authority as the
common law; which was the national inheritance
we received from our fatherland, and which, in
fact, is the common source of all our free institu-
tions.
If, then, the members from New Jersey produce
the credentials which the Legislature of their State
has provided by law, and if that provision of their
Legislature is in pursuance of a right guarantied
by the Constitution of the United States, why will
this House lefuse them a participation in all the
rights and privileges, as well those which are ice -
dent to organ'zation as to legislation afterwards?
If it has been the established usage, from the origin
of theGovernmentj'o admit to their ¿eats those hav-
ing the certificates of election required by law, why
will you now, for the first time, violate this settled
principle, and innovate upon a practice which has
become the parliamentary law of all free legisla-
tion? Bat, sir, how have the authorities which
have been adduced, and the arguments which have
been made, in defence of the Constitu'ion and the
laws, been met on this occasion? Have they been
received and been replifd to with courtesy and
candor? No, sir. Gent'emen, after having re-
ceived authorities which they could not controvert
and arguments which they could not answer, ba\ e
attempted to evade them by sneering and ridicule.
They tell us they will not be fettered by precedent,
or trammelled by the forms and technicalities of
the law. And I, for pne, was sorry to hear that
doctrine avowed on this floor. I think it must
be the first time that that destructive, Jacobinical
principle has been promulgated in this Hall. I
was aware that that doctrine had its advocates
among the wre'ehed rabble that infest our Northern
cities; but never did I expect to t ee the day when
an American Representative would openly avow
it on this floor. The avowal of such adoctirine I
consider to be an outrage upon the sanctity of this
Hall. Yes, sir, this Hall, which was con ecrated
to freedom; which was designed as an ark to pre-
serve inviolate the Constitu ion, amid the deluge
of political strife which is sweeping over the land;
this Hall, which was expressly intended to perpet-
uate (he power and majesty of the law, has been
desecrated—yes, desecrated—by the avowal of
doctrines which, if carried fully out into practice,
would not. only sap the foundations of our free
institutions, but would, in its levelling career, laze
to the ground the fair fabric under whose dome
we are now assembled. Ye?, I repeat it, and I
call upon the American People to beware, that
their institutions are in danger, when it is openly
declared on this floor that the forms and techni-
calities of the law are not to be r< garded when
they interpose an obstacle between a majority here
and the attainment of a favorite object. And this
declaration is the more alarming when it is rec?'"
leted that it comes ex cathedra; that it is made Dy
one who has been pointed out to roe as the leader
of his party in this House,£Mr. Vanmrpobil, of
N.Y.;jandwho,I WuSt say, has mdulgedina
