Dec. 18S9.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
2&th Coho....1st Sbss.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Rayner.
H. of Reps.
proceedings, the further yon proceed the more you
become involved, till finally, for the purpose of
extricating yourselves you are compelled to over-
leap "all law, all precedent, allrght."
Bat, say gentlemen on the other side, the fraud
in this case is so palpable and evident that we
must go behind the return.    Well, if there be a
fraud in this case—and, by the bye, I deny the
fact, until it is proven—we cannot mow remedy
the evil; we cannot new do justice to the injured,
or pnntsb the offender; because we are not com-
petent to try the case until the Howe is folly
otganized, until the subject has undergone inves-
tigation before a committee and all the facts re-
ported, and until we are a jury regularly empanel-
ied 10 sit upon the trial of the case.   If wrong has
been done, let New   Jersey herself inflict   the
punishment where it belongs, and let it come from
the source whence it onght.   These gent'emen who
pre'ent credentials here, come here as the repre-
sentatives of the people of New Jersey.      The
pjopte of that State have entrusted to their Go-
vernor the power to declare in his official charac-
ter who may have received a majority of the
popular vote; be is responsible to them, and if he
hat act d fraudulently and in bad faith, let them
visit their vengeance upon him.     Let it be recol-
lected that it is the people of New Jersey, and not
a mere faction in that State, whose righ's are in-
volved in the decision of this case; they have pre-
scribed the manner in which their choice is to be
expre^sfd;   they havfr prescribed   the   evidence
which is to inform y oa of that choice; and if gen-
tlemen here sit themselves up as the guardians and
protectors of the rights of the people of New Jersey,
they are bo and to re=pect the evidence   which
their laws declare to be conclusive  as to their
choice.   If you are the friends of New Jersey, do
not disfranchise her on this flo.>r, but prove the
sincerity of your professions   by your conduct;
respect   her   institutions   and hT^ laws, wh'ch
declare to you the credentials by which hei repre-
sentatives are to be known.    But it is said there
was fraud practised upon the people by the Gover-
nor and Council.   If there wa>-, and you as private
individuals, had satisfactory  proof of the   fact,
yon. certainly cannot now, when sitting in yonr
representative   character,   recognise   as   proper
evidence that information which you may have
received, and by which you may haw suffered
year opinions lo be influenced, as private men.
But «hat evi lence have you that there was fraud?
Do yen arrive at that conclusion from the ex parte
statements of scurrilous and pensioned newsptpers?
Will ywo sit in judgment upon the case, before
yon have heard the evidenoe and the counter s'a'e-
ments on the other side?   If you suffer yourselves
to be prejudiced by one sided statements, how can
you approach this subject hereafter with the calm-
ness and discretion whit h its importance require ?
I warn gentleman now, that, by prejudging this
case, they will  be incapacitated   from sitting m
trial upon it hereafter.   After pursuing this course,
will they bi able to say that they are ready  to
try the case upon its merits, free from all prejudice
and bias of opinion?   Certainly they cannot; and I
call upon the House, and upon the country, to
bear wilnew that if gent'emen piss judgment upon
this matter now, without heating and comparing
t he evidence on bo'h sides, that they will be es'op-
ped, as well by a sense of delicacy as of justice,
from sitting uroa the case when it comes up for
final action.    For, in  that case, they will be a
paeked jury; ihey will have prejudged the case;
they will have formed and express.d an opinion;
that opinion will be a matter of record ; for the
sake of consistency they will not recede; and when
pride «ad prejudice are both aroused, what chance
will feeble justice stand?   None, none whatever.
But ihere is another objection to excluding thesa
members from New Jersey, who come here with
jbe legal cer.iftcates—an objection which, with me,
is paramount to all others. It is trampling upon
the r ghts and «etting at defiance the laws and msú-
tons of a sotretegn Siate. In regard lo this mat-
ter, I am well aware of the delicacy of my posi-
tion; and it is in a measure owing to that, thtt I
have been induced to trouble the House ou the
preient occasion.   I belqog to that small number
in the South who claim, par excellence, to be State
Rights men, and who were for a long time placid
under the ban of proscription by boih the   great
leading parties in th's country.    And I am, more-
over, one of those who stood firm and steadfast by
their principles and the Constitution, when  our
preat leader and captaia  went over to th  enemy.
And according t<> my view of State rights, I should
prove recreant to all the principles of that school,
if I could stand quietly by, and see the laws of a
sovereing Sta'e passed in pursuance of a right re-
served in the Constitution, disiegarded and set at
naught.   Why, sir, what is S'a e rights, as ex-
pounded by the father  of our faith?   It is, that all
those rights and privileges reserved to the States in
the Constitution are sacred and inviolabl-*;  that all
laws passed in pursuance thereof are as itnperatire
and binding a> the decrees of Federal power, when
backed by an army ofmercenar.es to enforce them;
and, to carry the principle fully out, that the States
" not on'y have the r'ght, but that they are in du'y
bonnd, to interpose lor arresting the progress of
the evil," whenever  tho«e   rights are wantonly
violated.   If I understand it, this is State rights;
this is the great conservative p inc pie of our sys-
tem, which is equally well calculated for arresting
ih'i headlong ear er of that rabid Democracy which
is sweeping over the land, as for checking the-slow
aid cautious progress oí Federal usurpation. Well,
how etands the application of this principle to the
cass now before us?   The Constitution guaranties
to New Jersey, in common wih ihe other States,
the regulation cf her own elections; and the Legis-
lature of that Stale, in pursuance of such right, did
pass a la v, which 1 have read, declaring what sort
of commissions should be evidence of election on
this floor.   An election has been held according to
the regulations of that law; the members who pre-
sent themselves produce commissions which are
made out accor'ing to all the r?qu¡remests of that
law, and how do you treat them?   instead of treat-
ing them with proper respect, instead of recogniz-
ing them as equals—which you ara bonnd to do,
if you respect the reserved rights of New Jersey
and the laws enacted in pursuance of tho«e rights
—you tell them to stand asirle; you stt mpt to
drive  them contumel'ouíly firm this Hall; and
some here have gnne so far as to insult them, by
calling them the Governor's representatives  Now,
if this is State rights, fhrn I must confess I have
studied the subject to but litt'e purpose.
R-ally, sir after hearing this discussion, if it
were possib'e to endue an abstract principle with
the power of speech, we'l mlg' t S;a1e Rights ex-
claim, " Save me from my friends, and I will take
care of my enemies." For strange as it may seem,
the right-! of the State?, during this debate, have
found advocates where they had no right to expert
them; wrrle thoce who Were bonnd by etery con-
sideration to defend ttVm, have b*en aiming a
dead'y blow at tlidr very existence. But, says the
honorable gentleman from Sjuth Caro'ina, [Mr.
Pickins,] sovereignty re ides in the people,, and
not in the Governor and Council. 1 presume that
gentleman is not l'ke'y to gain any addtional
credit for sigacity by this discovery; he will find
no one to moot that point with him: every one will
admit that sovere gnty resides in the people—no
one will insi f that it is in the Governor and Coun-
cil. But, it is an attribute of sovereignty to define
the manner in which that sjvereignty is to be erer-
c sed. The people of New Jer-ey have said that
it is through the Governor and Council that their
will is to be made known on th s floor. And if
the people of New Jersey are sovereign, as admitted
by the gentleman from Sou h Carolina, their regu*
laliont in regard to their elections, when constitu-
tionally made( are also sovereign. The Governor
is the agent whom the people of New Jersey have
selected to inform this House of the choice; he i 
their Jawfu'ly comtitu'ed attorney; his power of
attorney is registered in ihe statute 1 iw of their
State; and that maxim of the common law, that
" what ore does throuzh another he does of him-
self," is as o'd as English lioer'y itself.
Sir I mu't confess I felt mortified an! di*ap-
piintolat the course pursued by the honorable
gentleman ftvm South. Carolina. In fact, when
I think of the gallant «and wbjph that gentleman
and his compeers have heretofore made in defence
of the righ-s of the States—when I think of the
time whrn the chivalry of South Carolina stood up
here, almost unaided and alone, battering against
the leg ons of despotism, and now behold h«r sons
leagued wiih the very men who were then urging
a tyrant to put them to death— I say, when I
see this, I am ready to inquire, "Is it fancy, or is it
fac?" But if evidence is lacking to remove all
doubt, go to the record, and there behold the namf s
of that gentleman and his colleague, with one
saving exception, associated with the very men,
a contact with whom, a short time since, he would
have avoided as a pestilence. A comparison of
the events of a few by gone years,with those of the
present time, are sufficient to convince the mest
sanguine of the fading nature of human glory, and
the instability of thehuman mind. Compare South
Carolina now with what she was a shoit time since.
When I reflect that but a few years ago that
gallant State seemed to be the only place in this
Union where freedom, had a resting place—that
in h r temples alone the sacre 1 fire of liberty
seemed to té kept burning—when I think of the
sublime moral spectacle she presented to the
world, when, having planted her banner on the
ramparts of the Constitution, she bid defiance to a
world in arms—I say when I think of that time,
and now behold her united with the very men who
were then thirsting for her blood—and that, too,
for the purpose of trampling upon the rights of a
sovereign State—I am ready to exclaim, in the
lacguage which Shakspeare has pnt in the month
of Cassius, when lamenting the degeneracy of his
country—
" Age, thou art shamed:"
Carolina, "thou hast lost the breed of noble blooda."
I mean no disrespect to South Carolina, or thos«
who now control her destinies. I have a right, if
any one has, to allude to her position, and to
speak out fully and freely upon this subject; for
the time once was, when "clouds and dark-
ness" hung upon her borders, that the sound of
the first gun would have been the signal for my
departure, and the first drop of blood would have
cemented my drstiny to net's for weal or for wo;
with her I would have marched on to victory anil
to glory, or else I would have bleached her hills
wiih my bones.
Why, sir, the time ha  been when, if this at-
tempt h3d been made to trample upon the righis of
a sovereign State, the honorable gentleman from
South Carolina [\lr. Pickens] could not have been
kept chained to his seat. He would have sprung
to his feet like a tiger from his jungle, and
the tones ef his eloquent indignation wtuld
not yet have been done ringing in this Hall, nor the
minions of power yet been done quaking beneath
their thri.ling influence. But "a change has come
over the spirit of his dream;" and he, who once
bore aloft in this Hall Ihe tattered banner of the
Constitution, undismayed byjpowerand unseduced
by the glitter of placej is now found doing "good
service" in the ranks of the very men who were
then for hanging him on a gallows as higf\ as
Hainan's. I presume it is too late, or 1 would
even now, unknown and obscure as I am here,
make one last appeal to that gentleman. I would
appeal to him by the recollection of fhofe scenes
that once bound together every true friend of S ate
rights in the South "wim hooks of steel;" I would
app?al to him by the common dang*r? which
threateneJ us, and the common odium which w«
incurred—by the chivalry of his own nature—by
the fame which he has acqlired, and the g'ory
which once encircled his State—by all the  I
would appeal to him, to return once more to the
defence of the Constitntion and the Jawi, and to
give us once mote, in the sttugg'e we are makinf,
the aid of his powerful arm. I beseech him to
turn his back upon his new political associatefl,
who will sedoc  him not only to tbedestrort-on *i
his own fair fame, but to the destruc ion fF^¡^
inntut:ons of our common conntry- «■
him to quit the worship or those tgerfj^
whUhhe has been seduced fr°mre t'worsbin i 
of his fathers and ^^^¿S?&¿
