ró
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th ConO"« 1st Sbss.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Starkweather.
Jan. 1840,
H. of Reps.
It this deed is consummated, then, in the sincer-
ity of my soul, do I believe ihat State rights will
have received a wound from which they will never
recover, till the States ihall have arisen in the
majesty of iheir power, and   remodelled the Go-
vernment   upon the original   basis planned and
designed by tae fathers of the Republic.    What
little vitality was left in them by the proclamation
and force bill will then have been extinguished
forever.   A precedent will have been set, which
will be appealed to in after times as justifying any
outrage, no matter how flagrant soever it may be.
And what is the most melancholy reflection at-
tending this who!e transaction is, that the very
men who a shoit  time  since   were   threatened
as the victims to appease toe wrath of a tyrant,
who sought to gratify his vengeance by the over-
throw of all the barriers which the Constitution
had erected around the rights   of the State?, are
now about to officiate as ihe priests of the sacrifice.
Carry out your contemplated object, consummate
this outrage upon the privileges of the representa-
tives of freemen, and this violation of the rights ef
a sovereign   State   and the degradation of your
country will be complete.     You will then have
committed an act, equalled only in depravity and
party malignity by a scene which took place but a
few short yeari  since in the other end of this
building,  when a subservient Senate, croncning
like hounds   beneath the   lash of their master,
defi'ed, nay, destroyed, the very record which they
had sworn before their God and their country to
"keep" sacred and inviolate.     There is a striking
similarity between the two cases.     In that case,
the records of the country wera expunged to graüfiy
the malice of a tyrant; in this case, it is proposed
to expunge the representation of a sovereign State
merely to effect a temporary party triumph.    In
this c¿se, as in thit, eloquence and argument have
pleaded, and pleaded in vain.    But the oracles
of party have spoken, the   mandate hath gone
fonh,   and the sacrifice must now be made, even
though it require the immolation of the Constitution
itself.    Do  the deed, and the expungers will again
raise their shame-stricken head";; they may then
stalk in triumph through this Hall, and taunt us
by saying, "You are now no beter than we."   I,
for one, wash my hands of this business.   And, as
the representative in part of one of the sovereign
States of this Union, I now enter my most solemn
protest against it.   1 protest against it in the name
of our common country, whose honor and dignity
will be compromised by such an unparalleled act
of party madness.   I protest against it in the name
of the Cc nsti'utirn, which is not only the bulwark
of our nation il  freedom, but the only guarantee
of our civil righ's.   I protest agaiast it in the name
of those established usages which come down to us
sanctified by the test of time, and the example of
a glorious anc?stry.     I protest against it in the
name of New Jersey, and of my own State, which
may, perhaps, fall the next victim to this insatiate
appetite of party  voracity.    And, in conclusion,
I appeal to this House to reflect upon the act they
are about to commit.    I appeal to them in  the
name of our common country, which has such
claims upon our devotion; in the name of that
Constitution which  was purchased   by the blood
and treasure of the Revolution; in the name of
those time-honored usages which we received from
the hands of our fathers; in the name of New
Jersey—her achievements in Fcience and in arms,
the glory which rests around the names of her sons,
the blood which she shed at Monmouth, at Prince-
ton, and at Trenton; and, finally in the name of
that God who will not look unangered upon injustice
and fraud; by all these I  appeal to you to pause,
and do not  sain <he escutcheon of your country
with a blot which time will never expunge.
NEW JERSEY
¡¡LECTION.
SPEECH OF MR. STARKWEATHER,
Of OMio,
In the-House of Representatives, jtfnuary 10,1840—
On the resolution of Mr/ Ca jtpbell of S. C. that
all memorials and papérsJTn the possession of
the House relative to tW*New Jersey elections
be referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. STARKWEATHER said it was, perhaps,
embarrassing, under any circumstances, to make
an apology to the House for claiming its attention;
yet he must confess, that though he rose with
much embarrassment when he first addressed the
Chair, he was still more embarrassed now, in con-
sequence of the interruptions to which he had been
SJbj«cted. He would endeavor, however, to get
back to the position he assumed when he was first
up. He had than said that the question before
this House was, can the Governor of New Jetsey
elect members to Congress? or what, in fact,
amounts to the same, can he furnish evidence of
an election behind which this House cannot go?
He had then said that it had been proven by testi-
mony read before this House—that it was part of
the history of the country—that it had been ad-
milled by the geatleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Randolph,] that Mr. Aycrigq and his associates,
who brought with them the certificates of Governor
Pennington and the broad seal of the State, had
not received a majority of the votes of New Jer-
sey, but that Mr. Dickerson and his associates
had; and now (*aid Mr. S ) I plant myself on the
first clause of the Constitution, which declares that
every second year the people of the several States
shall choose members of the House of Representa-
tives. That was the position he assumed; and, in
examining the Constitution, he found no authority
to give to the Governors ot the States the power to
elect Representatives in the Congress of the United
States; he found no authority which gave to the
Piivy Council of a Governor the power to elect
them, and he found no authority which gave such
power to the clerks of the county cour;s. I as-
Mime (said Mr. S.) that the Constitution means
what it says: "that the House of Representatives
shall be composed of members chosen every se-
cond year by the people of the several States;" but
perhaps I may be met here by the arguments of
the gentlemen from Virginia, Pennsylvania, and
Massachusetts, [Messrs. Botts, Sergeant, and
Adams,] that they did not contend that the Gover-
nor or the Privy Council, or the county court
clerks of New Jersey, had the power to elect
Representatives, but that they only could fur-
nish the legal evidence of election. I a.*k
them, then, triumphantly, by what authority
are Messrs. Aycoigg, Maxwell, and the r asso-
ciates hare. It is admitted, on all hands, that t'.:ey
are not here under the authority of an election by
the people, as the Constitution requires—that the
suffrages of the people were given to others; and
by what authority then, I ask, do they piesent
themselves here? I assume (continued Mr. S.)
that the power of election is vestid in the people,
while the gentlemen say that it is vested ia the Go-
vernor and Privy Council. Let us test that queition
for a moment. Has the Governor of a State the
power to elect representatives of the people in this
House? That is the point. If he has, where are
your free institutions? and what value is there in
your elective franchisj? Has he the power to
make the evidence by which the right of member-
ship 'shall be determined? Gentlemen contend
that the certificate and broad seal is the only evi-
dence. Then, I ask, where is the authority given
him in thsConstitution to make this evidence? If
he has it, of what value is the elective franchise,
and for what purpose should the people assemble
together to choose the r repre entatives? If he can
exclude those elee'ed by the authority of the pe >
pie, I ask what is the elective franchise worth?
Gentlemen say that this House, in determining the
right to seats in it cannot go beyond the certificate
and broad seal, and that if it does, it will run into
inevitable error. One gentleman says that it is I
conclusive evidence; another [Mr. Wise] that it ;
isprina faeie evidence, behind which you cannot j
go, contending that if you do not give the members. j
holding it the seats they claim, you can never or-
ganize. They tell you that the members of this
House elected by the people, and whose rights no
one disputes, are not competent to act until they are
qualified by the solemnity of an oath;whiIe the mem-
ber from Pennsylvania[Mr.SERGEANT,]tells you that
from the moment an individual receives his certi-
ficate from the Governor of a State, he is clothed
with all the privileges, all the rights, and all the
immunities of a member of Congress. He tells
you further, that a court of justice cannot go be-
hind the broad seal, but must admit the individual
possessing it, no matter how he came by it, to all
the rights and privileges of a member of Congress.
Let me sta'e that question, in order to see the ex-
tent to which the doctrine of the gentleman would
lead. Suppose the Governor of New Jersey, in-
stead of giving his certificates to mx members, had
given them to twelve, and that all of them, starting
in the tame stage for Wrshington, should be ar-
rested on their way, and should be brought up be-
fore a judge on a habeas corpus. The learned
gentleman from Pennsylvania would say that ths
judge cannot go behind the certificates; and when
he has released six of them, the gentleman would
bring up the seventh and demand his release oi. the
ground that he prssessed the certificate and broad
seal of a Governor, behind which he could not go;
and thus get the discharge of every citizen of New
Jersey, to whom the Governor might choose to
give a certificate. This is precisely what the doc-
trine of the gentleman would lead to. The gentle-
man lays great sress also on their possession of
the franking privilege. Is it so, that the Governor
of New Jersey can give the franking priviUge?
That is not found in the bend—it is possessed by
none but those to whom the Constitu ion and the
laws have given it—members elected by the people.
I contend, said Mr. S. that this House must go
behind the certificate of the Governor when it is
necessary to do so, or this Government is dissolved.
Let me, said he, tes-t that position. The Constitu-
tion provides that this House shall be the judsre of
the elections, ^ return?, and qualifications of its
membeis; but gentlemen say they cannot judge
until they have taken the oath prescribed by the
act of 1798. So say the gent'emea from Virginia,
from Massachuset's, and from New Jersey,
[Messrs. Wise, Adams, and Randolph;] and the
gentleman from Virginia, in elucidation of his
pos tion, recounted the anecdote told of the late
John Randolph, that on being questioned by the
Speaker whether he was qualified in regard to
age, shook his long skinny finger at him, and an-
swered: "Go ask those who sent me." Suppose,
then, that Governor Pennington, in the plenitude
of his power and his corruption, had given to six
of the sable sons of Africa bis certificates of elec-
tion; or, said Mr S. I will take the highly intellec-
tual and civil zed tribe of the Hottentots—suppose
he had given his certificates to six of this tribe,
and they had presented themselves here, demand-
ing to be sworn as members—the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] wou!d no doubt
he willing to receivs them, while the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Wise] would have called upon
the Sergeant at-aims to have them lemoved. Ob-
serve the predicament in which the gentleman
fiom Virginia would be placed. These disl.n 
guished sons of Africa would have shaken at the
gentleman the Governor's certificate and broad
seal, with at much display as Mr. Randolph did I is
skinny finger at the Speaker, and told him, in h:s
own words, that he could not go behind it; while
he would have looked at i. with as much reverence
as the Jews of old did on the Ark of the Covenant,
and in despite of "hide, hair, and complexion,"
have permitted them to take their seats. I have
said, continued Mr. S. that this House must go be-
hind the Governor's eertificates.or this Government
is dissolved—and, feeble as I am in argument, I
challenge contradict on. If the certificate of the
Governor of New Jersey is of such sanctity that
you can neither go behind it, nor around it, nor
pass over it, I presume that the certificate of the
Governor of New York is equally binding. The
Governor of New York might send on here forty
representatives fiom the distinguished tribe of the
Platheads—no, not the whole forty, «aid Mr. S.
for I never yet heard of a Whig Governor who
refused to give his certificates to Whig members— 
but he gives certificates to a sufficient number of
Flatheads to fill the sea's of the Democratic mem-
bers. Thess certificate .members then come here,
with just as much right as did Mr. Ayc&igo and
his associate*, and the gentleman from Virginia
says that we can neihergo behind, nor be>ond,
nor around their certificates and broad sesls, and
