72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
Senate.
26th Cokg«'"1st Sesí.
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Benton.
as having done nothing; as having accomplishpa
no object for the country, and acquired no eredit
for themselves.   This, he said, ras a great error.
The military had done an immensity there; they
had done all that arms could do, and a great deal
that the axe an 1 the spade could do.   Tney had
comple'ely conquered the country; that is to say,
they had driven the enemy fro:n the field; they had
dispersed the toe;   they had reduced them to a
roving banditti, whose only warfare was to murder
stragglers and families.    Let any one compare the
present condition of Florida with what it was at
ihe commencement of the war, and see what a
change has taken place.   Then combats were fre-
quent.   The Indians embodied continually; fought
our troops, both reguhrs, militia and volunteers.
Those hard contests cannot be forgotten.   It cannot
be forgotten how   often these Indians met our
troops in force,   or  hung   upon   the   flanks   of
marching    columns,    harassing   and   attacking
them at every  favorable  point.       Now all this
is done.     For two years   past, we have heard
of  no  such   thing.    The   Indians,   defeated  in
these encoun'ers, and many of them removed to
the West, have now retired from the field, and dis-
persed in small parties over the whole peninsula of
Florida.   They are dispersed over a superficies of
45,000 square miles, and that area sprinkled all
over with haunts adapted to their shelter, to which
they retire for safety, like wild beasts, and emerge
again for new mischief.   Our military have then
done much; they have done all lhat military can
do; they have broken, dispersed, and scattered the
enemy.    They have driven them out of the field;
they have prepared the country for settlement, that
is to say, for armed settlement.     There has been
no battle, no action, no skirmish, in Florida, for up-
wards of two years.     The last combats were at
Okeechobee and Caloosahatchee, above two years
ago.   There has been no war since lhat time; no-
thing but individual massacres.   The ecu o try has
been waiting for settlers for two years; and this
bill provides for them,  and offers them induce 
men's to settle.
Besides their military labors, our troops have
d^ne an immensity of labor of a different kind.
They have penetrated and perforated the wh-de
peninsu'a of Florüa; they have gone through the
Serbonian bogs of lhat peninsula ; they have gone
wheie the white man's foot never before was seen
to tread; and where no Indian believed it could
ever come. They have gone from the Okeefckonee
swamp to the Everglades; they have cros-ed the
peninsula, backwards and forwards, from the Gulf
of Mexico to the Atlantic ocean. They have
sounded every morass, threaded every hammock,
traced every creek, examined every lake, and made
the topography of the country as well known as
lhat of the counties of our States. The maps
which the Topographical officers have conktrnced,
and the last of which is in the Report of the Secre-
tary at War, attests the extent of these explorations,
and the accuracy and minuteness of the surveys
and examinations. Besides all this, the troops have
established some hundreds of posts; they have
opened many hundred miles of wagon road ; and
they have constructed some thousands of feet of
c <useways and bridges. 1 hese are great and me-
ritorious labors. They are labors which prepare
the country for settlement; prepare it for the 10,000
armed cultivators which this b 11 proposes to send
there.
Mr. B. said he paid this tribute cheerfully to the
merits of our military, and our volunteers and mi-
litia employed in Florida; the more cheerfully, be-
cause it was the inconsiderate custom of too many
to depreciate the labors of these brave men.   He
took pleasure, here in his place, in the American
Sensto, to do them justice; and that without draw-
ing invidious comparisons—without attempting to
exalt some, at the expense of others.   He viewed
with a favorable eye—with friendly feelings—with
prepossessions in th-ir favor—all  who were doing
their best for their country; and all such—all who
did their best for their country—should have h's
support and applause, whether fortune was more
or less kind to them, in crowning their meritorious
exertions with success.    He took pleasure in doing
all (bis justice; but his tribute would be incomplete,
if he did not add what was said by the Secretary at
War, in his late report, and also by the immediate
commander, General Taylor. The honorable Se-
cretary says:
"Until the operations of the campaign were in-
terrupted by the attempt to negotiate with the In-
dians, they were conducted with vigor and ability
under lhat zealous and indefatigable officer, Bri-
gadier General Taylor, who accomplished all that
could be expected with the very limited means at
his command, spread out as they were over so ex-
tensive a field of operations. Throughout the
whole of this disastrous war the officers and men
engaged in it have endured fatigue and privations,
sickness and suffering, without a murmur or com-
plaint, and have, on all occasions, exhibited the
qualities of brave and good soldiers. With untir-
ing perseverance they have opened roads through
the swamps in pursuit of the enemy, and whenever
they could bring him to battle, displayed the ut-
most coolness and intrepidity; in every instance
driving him from his fastnesses. But all these ex-
ertions and sacrifices have proved unavailing.
Heretofore the Indian population of our States and
Terri oríes has been expelled by the gradual in-
crease and advances of a superior race. Whereas,
in Florida tht attempt has been made, for the first
time, to drive the aborigines from the unsettled
wilderness, or, what is still more difficult, to catch
them for the purpose oí transporting them beyond
its limits. If the Indians of Florida bad a country
to retire to they would have been driven out of
the Territory long ago; bat they are hemmed in by
the sea, and must defend themselves to the utter-
most, or surrender to be transported beyond it. To
reduce them to that extremity, spread, as they are,
over a space of at least forty-five thousand square
miles of country, abounding in provisions suited
to their hab'.tt, defended by a climate, benign to
them, but deadly to the whites, and presenting dif-
ficulties to the march of armies, that have been
often described and cannot be exaggerated, will re-
quire great exertions, and probably, other means
than those hitherto tried."
Such is the merited eulogium pronounced by the
Secretary at War; Gen Taylor thus speaks of the
men and officers under his command:
"The exertions made, the labor performed, and
the privations endured by our troops, although not
scccessful in bringing the enemy to battle, have
been unparalleled. By reference to the map and
accompanying report of Captain Mackay and
Lieutenant Blake, topographical engineers, the
length of new roads and bridges constructed, the
numberof posts built or rebuilt, <&c. may be neen.
Besides what has been done arourd the Okeefe-
nokee, and of which I have no official knowledge,
it will be observed that fifty-three new posts have
been established, eight hundred and forty-eight
miles of wagon road, and three thousand six hun-
dred and forty-three feet of causeway and bridges
opened and constructed.
"Besides which, every hammock and swamp
between Fort Millón and Tallahassee, quite across
the country, has been thoroughly searched by de-
tachments from the several columns. The troops
have been constantly and actively employed, per-
forming their duties with the utmost cheerfulness,
so long as the most remote hope existed of forcing
the enemy to battle.
"The volunteers, under General Floyd, made
every possible exertion to dislodge ihe enemy from
the Okeefenokee and limits of Georgia. His re-
port has been furnished the Department and pub-
lished, from which it will be seen that the regulars
under Major Loomis, 2d infantry, had their full
proportion of the labors and privations of the cam-
paign.
'After the expiration of service of General
Floyd's command, a battalion of mounted Geor-
gians was called into service under Brigadier Ge-
neral Nilson, acting as Major, which, together
the troops under Major Loomis, have succeeded
in giving entire protection to the Georgia frontier.
"A few companies of Florida militia have also
been called into service, from time to time, and
have aided in quieting the alarm on the frontiers.
"Whether or not the campaign was judiciously
planned or properly executed, my superiors mast
decide; but certain it is, boih officers and soldiers,
of regulars, volunteers, and militia, have done their
duty.
"I believe those who have been with and near
me, during the whole or part of the time I have
had command ia Florida, will bear evidence to
my z°al and exertions to carry out, in the most the
prompt and effectual manner, the views and in
structions of the Government."
Mr. B. repeated, that the military had done their
duty, and deserved well of their country. They
had brought the war to that point, when there was
no longer an enemy to be fought; when there was
nothing left but a banditti to be extirpated. Con-
gress, also, had tried its policy—the policy of peace
and conciliation—and the effoit only served to
show the unparalleled treachery and savageism of
the ferocious beasts with which we had to deal.
He alluded to the attempts at negotiation and paci-
fication, tried this summer under an intimation
from Congress. The House of Representatives, at
the last session, voted $5,000 for opening negoti-
aions with these Indians. When the appropri-
ation came te the Senate, it was objected to by
himself and some others, from the knowledge they
had of the character of these Indians, and their
belisf that it would end in treachery and mis-
fortune. The House adhered; the appropri-
ation was made; the Administration acted upon
it, as they felt bound to do; and behold
the result of the attempt! The mo:t cruel and
perfidious massacres plotted and contrived while
making the treaty itself! a particular officer se-
lected, and stipulated to be sent to a particular
point, under the pretext of es ablishing a trading
post, and as a protector, there to be massacred 1 a
horrible massacre in reality perpetrated there; near
seventy persons since massacred, including fami-
lies; the Indians themselves emboldened by our
offer of peace, and their success in treachery; and
the whole aspect of the war made worse by our
injudicious attempt at pacification. But let the
negoua'or himself speak; let General Macomb
give the history of this savage treachery, and show
how the plan of a diabolical massacre was laid in
the very provisiohs of the treaty itself. This is
what he says, taking up the narrative, at the con-
clusion of the treaty:
"Matters being thus arranged, I made them some
presents in token of the good feeling of Govern-
ment toward* them; they expressed themselves
greatly gratified and understood distinctly wha
they promised to perform. Chuto Tustanuggee
signified a wish that títere might be a trading house
established on Pease creek, /or the accommodation of
the Indians, so that there would be no necessity Jer go-,
ing beyond the limits assigned tliem, to exchange their
peltries and other commodities for.articles essential to
them, and requested that Lieut. Colonel Harney might
be appointed to establish a fort and trading house ac-
cordingly, which was all promised. Chitto Tusta-
nuggee, with his friends, under the protection of
Lieut. Colonel Harney, returned to Cape Florida,
and all the others departed, on the 23d, to their re-
spective destinations, apparently with good feelings.
"This slate of things continued until the 23d of
July, when a treacherous attack was made, on the
detachment stationed on the Caloosahatchee river,
which had been sent there to establish the trading
house and post agreeably to the terms of the agree-
ment made, on the 18th of May, at Fort King.
The fulfilment of this part of the agreement was,
as requested, intrusted to Lieut. Colonel Harney.
Lieut Colonel Harney reports, that on the day
preceding the attack, he arrived at the establishment
on the Caloosahatchee, intending to remain several
days; on his arrival, he found that all the chiefs
who were to have met him there, had not arrived.
He therefore, took the opportunity to run down to
Sanybel island, at the mouth of the river, where he
was actively engaged in hunting wild hogs, for the
subsistence of the detachment, that he returned to
the camp late at night, much fatigued, and threw
himself on his couch, and fell asleep. Having no
commissioned officer with him, he intrusted the
post to the charge of a sergeant, in whom he had
great confidence; he was awakened about day-
break, by the firing and yells of the Indians, who
had got possession of the camp, and killed the
*
