Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
26th Cong-"  1st Skss.
Red River Raft—Mr. Sevier.
Senate.
the Mississippi. And Mr. P. now demanded that
this war should be prosecuted effectually, and ter-
minated at once. It was demanded hy the Souih,
by the interests ef commerce, and by all the duties
which we owe to humanity and civilization, that it
should be done at once, with lhe whole force and
powtr, if necessary, of the united States.
This bill was a proposition for mihttry coloni-
zation; for the settlement as welt as the armed oc-
eupaion of Florida.    The conquest was to be
made, not by an army, but by settlement.   Mr. P.
was averse to such a principle.   The conquest of
the country should be made at once by an ade-
quate force, or the war should be terminated by
treaty.    Congress had not the power to  make
armed settlements.    Certainly it was not to be
found in the war power of Congress; and therefore,
if they had a right to make armed settlements, they
had an equal right to make unarmed settlement?.
Mr. P. believed the bill itself to be inefficient, and
worse than inefficient; but, even if it were not so,
was it within the power of Congress to pass if, or
to provide for the armed occupation and settlement
ofany portion of the country? If it was so why should
they not extend the principle?   Why not draw a
cordon of military settlements all round the fron-
tier?   The Senator from Missouri had estimated
mat it would cost about 04,000,000 thus to settle
the Territory of Florida.   Were the Senate pre-
pared to decide that they would terminate their
purely military system, and grant, in lieu thereof,
one-eighth of the territory of the United States to
military occupant-.?   If this was done for Florida,
Mr. P. saw no reason why it should not be done
elsewhere; and be would, moreover, show  that
every argument which had been used by the Sena-
tor from Missouri applied not at all to Florida, but
to other portions of the country.
This country had been generally settled by hardy
emigrants, carrying the rifle in one hand, and the
hoe in the other. Government had protected them
as far as it nvght by its purely military powers.
and had occasionally waged war on their account,
The whole West had been obtained from the sa-
vages, either by war or by treaty, and the Indians,
under military coercion, were compelled to observe
the faith of treatie*. This very practice was going
on every day; and one of the heaviest items of ex-
pense to the Government, was the subsidies to the
Indians for the relinquishment of their lands.
But mark the condition of Flor.'da now, in com-
parison with that of the whole Western frontier.
Flo ida lay in a low southern latitude, chiefly be-
low thi:ty or thirty-one degrees. It was mostly
covered with swarap3 and sand banks, with small
intervening portions of land fit for cultivation, low
and dangerous to the health of the Anglo-Saxon
blood, and inviting only to those who had slaves to
perform their labor. Now mark the difference be-
tween this and the Northwestern country. When
settlements were made in that region, it was done
by farmers, a nun and his wife, who would take
possession of a smalt productive farm for making
breadstuff more than for profit. But it was not so
ia Florida. Who was if that would go to that
country? It was not (hose who were willing to de-
fend tier handful of ground, and fight for it inch
by inch, but those who bad large property in slaves;
men of wealth, who would neither nave the will
nor the power to defend and fight for their exten-
sive possessions. But, in the Northwes", each
family settled on a half or quarter section of land.
The settlements were thus made compact, and
their practice and their habi's made them hardy,
daring, resolute men. This was the sort of men
with whom to make military ¡sctt'ements, if they
should be made at all. But those who would go to
Florida were speculators, men expecting a bounty
rather than desiring to make permament settle-
ments; and Mr. P. would now venture the predic-
t on that if this bill ihoold pass, a thousand even
of such could not be obtained in (en years.
what, then, could be expecled frvm a measure
of this kind, and in what time could it be carried
into effect? And suppose you should now ea'l for
settlers, how many (said Mr. p.) would you get
withm the yeat? You would not get five hundred.
What is become of those who had gone there
already?   Sir, five or six counties have been de-
4
serted and desolated. And why? Because they
would not hazard themselves and their moveable
property in that country. Estates that were bring-
ing in $10,000 and $12,000 a jear have been aban-
doned, though they had the Uni'ed States troops to
protect them. And thosi who were fit to go there
would n >t go to such a scene of robbery and mur-
der. But if you could advertise fi r such a war in
the West—proclaim, for instance.that Ross and his
men were to be driven out by military settlers, and
you would find the tide of emigration quite rapid
enough to talcs possession of that country, while
nothing in ihis way could be done in Florida. It
would languish under a system not adapted to it,
while other portions of the country were rapidly
settling.
Sir, to pro'ong the time of effecting this object.is
a matter of the h ghest consideration.   Will any
one   say that Florida cannot be conquered?   Jf
the head of the  War Department will say so,
very  well.   So let it be; and we can then devise
some method of fetllement.    But I  believe that
it can be conquered, and that it can be done now.
And I willgo futther.   If Congies* had taken the
right cour-e at  the last session, the result would
now have beer  otherwise.    And if the  gallant
General who figures so lagely in the pacification of
this contest—I believe if he had not been sent on
his errand of peace and mercy, peace and security
would have been now restored.    But no one, says
the gentleman from Missouri, proposes any other
than this measure, and it is, thereA re, this or no-
thing.   Sir, I believe this is nothing, and worse
than nothing, because it will serve as a pretext for
avoiding more vigorous measures.
General Scott was firs', sent into that country;
but there was a gentleman who superseded him,
and that gentleman, having operated in hs own
way for some time, at length came to the conclu-
sion that the original project formed by General
Scott was the true and only one which could be
effectual. And I believe the people generally fell
into the notion that if Scott had not been super
seded, the war woul I have been terminated at mos
by one or two caropa'gns. His plan was the esta-
blishment of a multitude of po^ts, with flying
squadrons, who should hunt up and drive the In-
dians from the country. And I btLeve this is the
true and only effectual plan. Tho e Indians are
now, and tbey have been always, more or less sub-
ject to no particular chiep, or to no order or disci-
pline. They are now, especially, dispersed, and
subject to no particular chief. They are irregular
bandits, and the object, therefore, is to c'e\r from
these bandits a country of d fficult access. A
campaign can last only from October to April, and
this time is to be taken advantage of, and they are
to be cleared from the country as were the bandits
of Italy.
Sir, I will not go so far back a* the Senator
from Missouri, A r Í am not so we'l versed as he ot'
the Senator from Ohio in the history of the Jews
But I have known a case of more modern date, in
which the bandits of Italy were driven out by B :>-
ñaparte. He teat up the Pontine marines, and
every man of them fled, or was captured. This is
what ought <o be done in Florida.
General Tnylor adopted the plan of pos's and
marching squadrons; aud was apparently (n the
point of success, when our General-in-chief w?.s
sent with the olive branch. He had forty posts north
of the head waters of the St. John't;, and they had
possession of the whole of that country. The plan
thus devied had been adopted by the Administra-
tion, and it was arreted only by the mission of
General Macomb. And it is, the only method that
can successfully be resorted to by the Uniied States.
It is not for me to make suggestion^, except such
as appear on the face of the proceedings in that
country. This plan was once adopted; and no one
can say that it has failed, for it was arrested by
General Macomb. Let it be again adopted, and if
there is not^force enough, send on ten, fifteen,
twenty thousand men, and it will cost but a tiiheof
what this system requires. Put them under the
command of an efficient General, Taylor or Clinch,
or the Geaera'-in chief; send him there, and, in-
stead of the forty posts taken by General Taylor,
let him establish two hundred if necessary, with
marching squadrons. Piare such a cordon of
posts across the peninsula of Florida, and the coun-
try would be swept by ten thousand men, so that
there would not be an Indian left in the Territory.
And this would permanently be the case, if, in addi-
tion to the-e, there should be some in the rear kept
up with small forces.
These fastnesses of Florida are now filled by a
strange intermixture of negroes and savages. It is
an asylum for runaway negroes; and do you pro-
pose to send a slave population there, who will
have every inducement to join the Indians? Sir,
you must first clear the country as wi'h a military
net, and then will settlements be made, and not till
then; and I believe, if 10,000 men were entrusted to
Generals Taylor or Clinch, this project would te
immediately carried through.
Sir, I am disposed to infuse energy into this en-
terprise, and assist it to the utmost, by the whole
country, if necessary. I am willing to aid the De-
partment in any way. I believe this measure did
not originate with the Department; but, wherever it
originated, it is too inefficient. Having already
spent from $20,000,000 to $30,000,000, let us now
put an end to it, at whatever cost. I would have
humanity extended to the Indians in the utmott de-
gree that is compatible with the interests of the
crwniry. Our object is not to kill, but to catch
them. This process must be gone through; and if
lands are to be given, it is better to give them
somewhere else, to those who will catch these In-
dians
Mr. P. concluded with the declaration that he
did not oppose this bill as giving too much power,
but as inefficient and impotent. He was sorry now
that this bill was rejected at the last se-sion, for
otherwise i's inefficiency would, by this time, have
baen practically proved.
RED RIVER RAFT.
In Símate, Jan. 8, 1840. \           /
The bill making appropriations for th\ removal
of the raft in Red river, was read a tb rd /¡me;
when                                                      \- i
Mr. CR1TTEND"N was understood tyohject
to the bill that the measures heretofore resprted to
for the destruction of this raft had been *e y ir.-
adequ£te. Only a very narrow channel hajd been
made, ami consequently new obitructions were
con'inually cccuiriog.
Mr. SEVIER sail that he would reply to the
Senator, [Mr. Crittendem,] and he hoped to be
ab'e, in a few words, to satisfy him that this bill
should pass. The Senator labors under many mis-
takes in regard to this work. It is not, as he sup-
poses, a sma'l affair, a narowand a short chann- J.
The original length or the raft was about one hun-
dred and fifty miles ; and the whole of it has teen
removed, and that,to >,ai an expen^e to the Govern-
ment of some two or tbres huodted thousand dollars
oniu.
What has been the consequence of th;s removal
of the raft? That nver has been ma^e navigable
for steam boats of a large cla<s. The Government
ha« been enabled to supply their mi iary post ,«4
Towson in the Indian nat'on, at a saving in the
item of Iran portillón of suppU' s alone, of more
than the whole cost of the work. That post, sir, c in
never be abandoned. It protects our citizens against
Indian aggressions on the one hand, and against
the law'ess citizens of a foreign power on the otbf r.
And any officer of this Government who should
manifest so utter a disregard to the public interest
of this country, as to r commend an abandonment
of that post, let it cost what it might to support it,
could never atone for his madness and fo ly. Sir,
that g:.nison must be kept up at any expense. And I
am happy to «tale on this occasion, that this milita*
ry post is deemed as important to the public inte-
rest by the Secretary of War as it is by me. And
before I take my seat, I shall ask to have his com-
munication to me upon this subject read to the
Senate. By that communication you will learn
that h? urges Congress to pass an appropnation im-
mediately to remove .he late format,ons; m Red
river, at the head of the raft, and states that the
expense of suppljing the post w.tr. provisions, &c.
this spring, by land, will cost the Government mo.e
