H
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cokg.."1st Sess.
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Strange.
Jan. 1840.
Senate.
than it wili require to remove this raft. Unless
the raft is removed, he will have- to supply the
post by a land transportation of 140 miles, and
to do this, he estimates the cost at $45,000,
and he urges the appropriation to be made without
delay. And why? Because if net done immedi-
ately, the sum o( forty-five thousand dollars will
have to be expended in hauling the supplies by
land from Fort Smith, on the Aikansas, to Tow-
sob, on Red river-, and the Senate will please bear
in m;nd that this expenditure of furtj-five thousand
dollars is only for one delivery of supplies. A
similar expenditure will be required annually,
un ess the rafi is removed.
The Senate will a'so recollect that, the river
being choaked up by drift wood at ihe head of ihe
raft, every big which floats down that river will
add so much moie to the expense of removal.
The annual increase of ihe iaft is from one to
three mite?. We must also recollect that the raft
is in a southern latitude, and a'ter the month of
April or May you cannot get hands to work in the
water. Such work, at a late period of the year,
invariably produces disease and death.
As I before remarked, the whole length of the
raft is about 150 miles, and, of this distance, nearly
the whole of it has been opened as wide rs the bed
•f the river. Where it has been thus opened, the
navigation is good, and there are now no longer
any impediments to the navigation; and all of it
would have been opened as wide if the engineer
had bad money enough. He opened it as wide as
he could with the means he had at his disposal.
And has the Government lost any thing by this en-
terprise? Far from it. In consequence of the re-
moval of the raft, you have reclaimed from inun-
dation at least 1,500,000 acres of the best cotton
land in the world—land which, before the removal,
you could not have touched with a ten foot pole,
has been drained, sold and settled. The returns
from your land offices will show yon that you have
received, from the sales of this reclaimed land, op-
wards of a million of dollars; which goes to show
that this is one of the few works of internal im-
provements which has been a source of print tj
ihe United States.
Sir, in ihe m dst of the raft, one of the most
floorish'ng t -wns in the State of Louisiania has
grown up, cont-iining now, I have understood, a
population of several thousands. This town is
Bhreeveport. Sir, this is not al1. The removal of
the raft has enhanced the value of all the lands
above it, and where there was before but a sparse
popolat on, we have now dense settlements of the
wealthiest citizens of my State.
They, sir, are interested in ihis work as well as
the Qovernmen'; so much so, that when this
Barrow channel at the head of the raft, of which ihe
Senator speaks, was fitst obstructed with drift wood,
they raised aLd advanced, as he tells you in his re-
port, seven or eight thousand dollars, to enable him
to remove it, so far as to enab'e four steamboats,
which was then ladened wi;h their cotton above the
raft, to get back through it. And, sir, with the money
thus raised, the Government boats, ladened with
supplies below the raft, were enabled to git up to
the garrison and back again.
Since then, sir, which was last spring, this nar-
row channel has again filled up; and ha , in a man-
ner, cut off supplies t  our troops, and prevented
my constituí nts from getdng their cotton to market.
I hope, sir, with these has y explanations, that the
Senate is now satisfied.
The b 11 asks an appropriation of $85,000—the
sum estimated by Capt. Shreeve, which is to be
found in our documents.   A part of this,   say
$11,000, is to reimburse the expenditure of that
tarn over and above the last appropriation, being
the 07,000 advanced   by my  constituents,   and
04,000 by the superintendent himself; the sum of
¿5,000 to repair the boat, #c; and there are seve-
ral  thousand  more for too s, and  for   stopping
bayous, &c. to render the work permanent.   A de-
tailed estimate of all these doings will be found in
the report to which I have referred.
In conclusion, sir, I will ask fur the reading of
the letters of the Secretary of War, and of Generals
Jesop and Gibson.
£Tb*liman wotreadj
Mr. PIERCE said he did not rise to oppose the
bill, but he desired information. When the ap-
propriation was made in 1838, he certainly under-
stood that it was to finish the work, and such was
the language of the act. Still, if that was not suf-
ficient, more should be appropriated. The re-
moval of the obstructions in that liver was of vast
national as well as local importance, and he de-
sired to see the work completed in such a manner
as to make the improvement permanent, and se-
cure the greatest utility. But how long were ap-
propriations to be asked? What amount was to
be expended theie? Either the original estimate
was singularly erroneous, or it would be difficult
to render a satisfactory account of the amount al-
ready expended. If gentlemen would turn to the
report of the Committee of Ways and Means of
the House of Representatives, on harbors and
rivers.made at the first session of the Twenty-fourth
Congress, they would perceive that "a careful ex-
amination of the part of Red river which includes
the raft," was made during the summer of 1829,
and the cost of the removal estimated at $25 000.
That sum was accordingly appropiiated. In 1832,
there was another appropriation of $22,628.
In 1833, fifty thousand dolíais more was appro-
priated; in 1835, fifty thousand more; and on the
30th day of September, 1835, the excess of appro-
priations beyond the original e-timate was $122,-
688. In 1836, foriy thousand eight handred dol-
lars was appropriated. The estimate must have
been very accurate then; they regarded even hun-
dreds; but in 1837 they came back to round num-
bers, and the appropriation was sixty-five thousand
dollars. In 1838, there was appropriated seveny
thousand dollars "for the complete renoval of, the
great raft in Red riwr." Thus upon a work, the
original estimate for the completion of wh'ch was
twenty-five thousand dollars, there has already
betn expended three hundred and seven thousand
fuUT hundred an 1 twenty-eight dollars; an 1 now,
at the expiration of ten years, after the expendi-
ture of this enormous sum, eighty-five thousand
dollars more was demanded. With regard to the
past, Mr. P. had nothing to say, except to state the
facts. Whit was the prospect for the future, he
was curious to be informed. It would be no satis-
faction to him to be referred ti the engineer's es'i-
mates. All experience proved that they could not
be relied upon. To support this assertion, he re-
ferred to every river and harbor for the improve-
ment of whi:h appropriations had been made,
from Plymouth beach, Mass. to Red river raft, La.
The differer.ci between the estimated and actual
expensi of the last named work would be found to
be a fair sample of most of the others. He had
not taken the trouble to ascefta'n by whom these
various surveys and estimates had been mad?, bnt
a clever Yankee would guess be.ter than these gt n-
ilemen had est mated, in many instance?, from
their surveys. That the inte es s of the Govern-
ment, to say nothing of ihe r-g'on of country
where the r ifi is situated, required that somethirg
should be done in this ca>e, was sufficiently obvi-
ous; and he thought it equally e'eir that an in-
quiry ought to be in.tituted into Ihe causes of the
very extraordir ary discrepancy between the e-ti-
mated cost and actual expense of the twenty-five
dirTerent works named in 'he documentbefovehim.
The reports, so far from having served as a guide
and a safe basis of aclion, had been calculated
only to mislead.
Mr. SEVIER said he would say in reply to his
friend from New Hampshire, [Mr. Pierce,] that
he had never had occasion to examine in detail, to
ascertain whether, generally or always, the cost of
completing works of internal improvement exceed-
td the estimate . Thee examinations more ap-
propriately belonged to committees, to which it had
never been his honor to be a member. They
might, or might not be, as he stated, so far as he
knew, and there miiht, or might not be, good rea-
sons for the discrepancies, if any existed. But in
regard to the performance of the wotk now under
consideration, he would say, if he wou'd al ow him
the privilege of a Yankee, that he would guess that
this appropriation would be large enough to make
the work permanent. Tht timbered part of ihe
river above the raft, w«^ short; a,boot 4Q0 or $00
miles. The liver above this run generally through
immense prairies, where there was little or no
timber. The timber on the banks of the river
wa« disappearing every day in the progress of
settlement. The settlements are made upon
the ba'ik of the river, ana the timber which
adjoins the habitations of the settlers is
used by them for houses, rails, fuel, &c. and, ef
course, the timber used for any of these purposes
so far diminished the quantity of timber that can
descend the river. The settlements are rapidly
forming, and will in a few years be contiguous to
each other, anl then the timber will measurably
disappear. But, sir, should I be mistaken in this,
I tell my friend now, and will tell him again, that
so often as the navigation of R«d river is ob-
structed, that I, sir, shall rise here in my place
and ask for money to remove the obstructions.
Do not let him, or any other Senator, suppose that
I accept thi3 appropriation in full of the demands
upon the Treasury for this purpose, should a fur-
ther sum be required.    I make no such bargains.
Mr. MOUTON said that the appropriation a'so
made provision for the constant employment of a
boat, wite adequate means to keep the rait from
forming.
Mr. KING said he entirely agreed with the Se-
nator from New Hampshire that the estimates had
failed of accuracy in both Houses of Congress, and
they had been led into vast expenditures in conse-
quence of false estimates. In general, that Senator
would find Mr. K. with him in endeavoring to save
the public money. But in regard to this work, no
cerrect estimate could be made at the commence-
ment. It was nece-sary to feel the way. The
engineer was asked how the work could be done,
and at what expense; and his first success had
astonished the country, had opened the commerce
of the river, and greatly increased the value of the
land. But the channel having been narrow, it was
difficult to keep it open, and the raft had also ex-
tended higher up. Mr. Shreeve was now about to
attempt to make the opening permanent, and the
estimate before the Senate for that purpo-e was
$70,000, including a reimbursement for what had
been done by private enterprise.
In addition to clearing away the raft, perhaps
they would stop up the bayous to help the liver to
force iis way. The whole estima'e, including this;
might be set down at $85,000. The commitee had
reported the bill under the full conviction that the
work could be made peimanent at this expense.
Mr. DAVIS said he was not in committee when
the bill was accepted; but he had no objection to it.
He had, however, unders ood that the last appro-
priation would comple e the work; and he now
hoped th's would do it. The matter had been well
explained by the Smator from Arkansas, and Mr.
D. hoped, when the subject of the Lakes should
come up, he woa'd make as good an argument for
them as he had done for his own river.
Mr. D. sta ed that he had four years ago moved
a call on the Department on the subject of the pub-
lic works, and a document had consiquently been
published, showing the estimates and expenses
from year to year. From this it appeared that
some were below, and some vastly beyond, the
estimates. But Mr. D. regarded as the principal
cause of th's, that the estimates had often been
made by one set of engineers, and the work per-
foimed by anothet; the original plans having of en
been altered and made mere expensive. Mr. D.
was also understood to say that ihe Secretary of the
Treasury had objected to any restraint on the De-
partment on this point. The views of engineers
differed very grea'ly, and it was doubtless some-
times beH to modify the original plan.
After a few more remarks to the same effect by
Messrs. PIERCE and DAVIS, the bill was passed.
SPEECH OF MR STRANGE,
Of North Carolina,
In Senate, Friday, January 10, 1840—On the bill
for the armed occupation and settlement of that
part of Florida overrun  and infested by ma-
rauding bands of hostile Indians.
Mr. STRANGE rose and addressed the Senate
a« fallows:
