Jan, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rr
26TH  CoKG.......l9T SESS.
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Strange.
Senate.
Mr. President: I ?o no\ know lhat I should
envy the stoicism of one whp couki address this
august body wish perfect cgmpojore. For my
own part, it is one of the severe¡f trials I am ever
called on to encounter. It i# esjfecially so on the
present occasion, formally callel upon, as I have
been, by the honorable Senapr from South Ca-
rolina.                                 /
When that Senator did me the honor to make
his special call, he doubtess supposed that I was
an opponent of the bill. The expectation of the
Senitor was not groundless. I shall be compelled
to vote against the bill solitary and alone, I fear,
so far as the friends of the Administration are con-
cerned; and, I greatly fear, with the whole body of
the Opposition. Under circumstances so appalling,
I trust I shall be excused for trespassing a short
time upon the Senate.
For a man to find himself in some vast tora
ineognila—some wide, dense forest—some dark,
unfathomable cave—might excite some feelings
of apprehension; but to bi suddenly surrounded by
a body of men, in whose principles he had no con-
fidence, and on whose benevolence he had uo
claim, would excite emotions in the stoutest bosom;
and one anticipating such an event, might be ex-
cused should he forearm himself. I refer, of course,
to the political principles of the gentlemen of the
Opposition; neither my convictions nor my po-
liteness would allow me to go further.
It is always distressing to find one's self voting
against his friends and acting with his enemies;
and on such occasion explanation is necessary. I
am not ambitious to be found an actor in a politico,
dramatic representation of a scene which is said to
occur in heaven over a sinner that repenteth. Nor
would I have my friends suppose that lam port-
ing to that half-way house, the pathway to which,
like that to the lion's den, exhibits footprints but
in one direction. Why, then, it may be asked,
have I not fallen into the current, and united wiih
my friends in support of the bill? I answer, that
I feel but little responsibility in opposing it, be-
lieving, as I do, that it will pass without my vote;
and should the experiment succeed, I think I shall
not be denied a participation in the family jubilee;
and no ene will enjoy the triumph more than my-
self; and should it fail, as 1 believe it will, I shall
enjoy that privilege for which many are witling to
participate in ruin produced by the plans of
others—a privilege gilding, like a rainbsw, the
cloud of adversity of every opposition—the glo-
rious pri ilege of saying, "I told you so." But
were it otherwise, and my vote would defeat the
bill, I should tremblingly assume the responsibility,
and consign it to that capacious tomb where the
Capulets repose.
My reasons are sufficient for self-justification,
and I will submit a portion of them for the judg-
ment of others.
Surprise is confessed orx every hand at the dura-
tion of the war in Florida; and all acknowledge
with a sigh that a {stain has fallen on the
national glory. Florida, that b?au'ifnl land,
whose name is music, and which calls up so
many poetical associations, has, for four years
past, been swept by the besom of destruction.
Millions of money have been expended, and
thousands of noble hearts have bled to arrest the
plague. It st.ll rages with unabated fury, and the
inhabitants of middle Florida, though far removed
from the scene of war, dwell in precarious safety.
Our feelings have been harrowed day after day
with some new tale of cruelty and blcod. The
unsuspicious settlers are broken in upon—the cra-
dled infant is torn from its repose—its little neck is
writhed by savage hands, cr its brains scattered
abroad in fragments. The heart's blood of the
niother is poured out on her own hearth-stone; the
gallant father hath already perished in a fruitless
effoit to bar the entrance of th* intruders, while
the savage retires to his lair deriding the power of
the United State*.
Has the bird ,of heaven lost the lightning of his
eye, or the strength of his talons, that a loathsome
reptile should creep to his nest and devour his off-
spring, even beneath the shadow of his brjad wing?
He seems hardly conscious of his bereavement—
Ws plumage is scarcely ruffled with indignation,
and the gorged reptile is suffered to glide away in
safety.
It was not always thus—some sad change has
com  over us—the atmosphere is infected—it is un-
fit for respira'ion—and patriotism ga*ps for exis-
tence. Whit is this pestilence—this malaria?
It is luxury and the love of gain; th?se have ever
driven out valor, honor, and patriotism, wheie
they have enteied. The downfall of Sparta takes
its da'e from their introduction by A g's the first.
In Athens, Pericles enjoys the bad eminence of
having fully introduced these evils with their train
of consequences.
A learned commentator, on the history of that
people, has written what I beg leave to read to the
Senate:
"There is no mark which so surely indicates the reigning man-
ners of a people at different periods as that quality or turn of mind
which happens to be the reigning object of public applause."
• .... «i>hU3} ¡a tne ¡niancy and rise of the Grecian
Republics, when necessity of self-defence had given a manly
and warlike turn to the temper of the people, and the continu-
ance oí the same necessity had fixed it into a habit, the love of
their country soon became the reigning object of public ap-
plause. As this reigning object consequently became the chiof
object of desire to every one who was ambitious of pub'ic ap-
plause, it quickly grew to be the fashion. The whole people m
these States glowed with the generous principle of public vir-
tue to the highest degree of enthusiasm. Wealth had then no
charms, and all the bewitching pleasures of luxury were un-
known or despised."
How descriptive of the former and present con-
dition of our own country!
The same causes operated on the decline of
Rome, which may be dated from her conquest over
Antiochus the Great. Upon this subject the same
commentator, to whom I have before referred, re-
marks:
"Public virtue and the love of their country, which had raised
the Románalo the empire of the universe, were extinct. Money,
which alone could enaole them to gratify their darling luxury,
was subst tuted in their place. Power, dominion, honors, and
universal respect, were annexed to the possession of money.
Contempt, and whatever was most reproachful, was the bitter
portion of poverty, and to be poor, grew to be greatest of
all crimes in the estimation of the Romans."
Alas! how rapidly are the people of the Uni'ed
States hastening from the former tcr the latter state
of public   sent ment.
In modern history Spain, chivalric Spain, pre''
sents a sad picture of the debilitating effects of
wealth on patriotism and public virtue.
John Taylor of Caroline, (one of the greatest
American statesmen who has ever lived, and
whose works should be in the hands of every
youth in the country, and for a republication oí
which Congress had better make an appropriation,
than for many less worthy objects,) speaking on
this subjeet, has prophesied a similar destiny for
our country, as the fruits of our funding and pa-
per system, the only hope of defeating the fulfil-
ment of which prophecy, is in arresting its cause.
But it is not merely the effects of effeminacy and
indo'ence, flowirg from luxury and the love of
wealth, «f which I speak. Those effects are as
numerous as the forms which Proteus could as-
sume. The most important efftct of luxury and
eagerness fcr wealth, is a perfect monopoly by the
latter of the public mind, whether that mind exists
among the people at large or in the Government.
The acquisition of wealth engrosses the mind of
each individual, and all his powers, both physical
«nd intellectual, are tasked to work to the best ad-
vantage that mighty engine, the paper system.
At an early period of its history, the Govern-
ment was called upon for assistance by these for
whom the machine did not operate to their entire
satisfaction. They called upon Hercules, and like
its good natured prototype in heathen myhology,
the Government came tc their ass'stance. Its
gigantic muscles were exercised for their benefit
until they began to insist that, neglecting all other
business, it must devote itself erclusively to
their service". Even in this Chamber it has been
urged that one of the most important duties of Go-
vernment is to provide a sound paper currency.
For many years the Government kept on tinkering,
as some would call it, with the currency until it
began to find that it was only benefiting a few
brokers and shavers, to the injury of itself and the
people at large; and that if a sound paper curren-
cy was ever formed, it could never he by any joint
operation between itself and individuals or corpo-
rations.   It then attempted to withdraw i'self, but
had become so entangled in the complexities of the
machine that this was found impossible. It had
caught a Tartar, and however wi'ling to let its cap-
tive go, found itself, in turn, a prisoner. With a
wise and valiant spirit, however, it continued the
effort, and during the who'e period of the Florida
war the chief business of the Government has been
to disengage itself from the emtraces of the paper
system with as little injury as posible to the com-
munity. What wonder, then, that with all its
powers and resources so fully engrossed, many
important matteis should have been totally ne-
g'ected or badly executed?
In connection with this, was the tendency of
these causes to centralization. In the «ager pur-
suit of wealth, and the regulation of the paper sys-
tem, both individua's and the Government natu-
rally looked chiefly to those places where money
most did congregate. The monetary pole and the
pole of the earth pointed in the same direction.
Like some huge animal, the United States, stretched
out from norlh to south. In the former direction
was its head, and from thence extended iouhaidly
its vast chest, vitals, and bowels.
Whatever danger might threaten these, or seem
to threaten, exc ted at once his sensibility, and put
him in the attitude of d«fence. From thence far
to the southward, stretched out a long insensible
tail. It might be trodden upon—it might be
wounded, or even cut off, and the only indication
of suffering exhibited, would be a groan, or at most
a surly snarl.
He would not rise from his recumbent posture,
lest the delicate operations of the credit system
might be incommoded.
These influences were felt among all classes of
people, and paralizad the heart and the limbs of the
nation. They affeced alike the Government and
its agents, and it was not to be expected that the
army should escape its influence.
"It is a far ciy to Loche w," is a saying among
the highlands of Scotland, by which is s:gnified
their security in the remoteness of thrir mountain
fastnesses from the vengeance of the Lowlander,
for deeds of violence. It is a far cry to Florida—
it dies away in the d stance, ere it can reach the
national sensorium, under the lethargic influences
to which I have referred. No voice reaches to
inform us of the real state of affairs, and every one
was evidently laboring under a gross drfusion at
the beginning of this war. It was believed to have
had its origin in ¡he iosubord nation of a single
savage, and to depend for its continuance upon his
skill and valor. Could Oceola be eithe slain or
tak^n, it would term nate at once, was the genert 1
impression. When the idle Athenians anxions'y
inquired, "is Philip dead?:' some one would repl«,
"Ño; but he is very sick." Then would the ind g-
nant Demoithenes exclaim, "What avails it to os
whether Philip be either sick or dead? Were Phi-
lip dead to-morrow, your own folly and supineness
would quickly raise up another Philip.*' And such
has been the i lustration io our own story. Oceola
has been long since dead, and leader after leader
has spruns up, until every naked savage among the
wilds of Florida is an Oceola!
Yes, Oceola is dead, and in his death has dis-
posed another of the fatal effects of the paper sys-
tem, imparting a fierceness to party strife, and
severing in twain the different portions of the na-
tion, and so- arraying them against each other, that
when the traitor, crimsoned «i h the blood of onr
women and children, is taken, and dies in confine-
ment, he is mourned over in this hall as a patriot
and hero, the victim of perf dy and oppression.
How can the soldier fight when his arm is thus
held back—when he is kept halting, as it were, be-
tween two opinions, doubtful whether it is his doty
to retreat or advance upon the fue; conscious that
if he strikes and is successful, he will be charged
with perfidy and cruelty; and if he does not, be
wi 1 be accused of indolence or cowardice. Sin  *
lar lo this has been the condition of the Govern-
ment. If supplies are called for to carry on the
war, the Government is cnarged with extravagance
and profligacy. If supplies are not called for, it
is accused of incompetency or disregard to the
groans of the dying, and the welfare of the hyine,
AH these things cannot fail to frodwe their ef-
