Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
£6th Cong.......1st Sess.
Armed occupation of florida—Mr. Strange.
Senate.
"The p«s«age of the bi 1 introduced in the Senate
daring the last session," says the Scretary, "and
partially acted upon in Congress, for the military
occupation of Florida, would, il is believed, be at-
tended with beneficial effec's."   If ihis is to be
taken as an endoisement of the bill, I must say that
it appears to me to be in characters so faint, that ,
they are scarcely legible; and should an attempt i
hereafter be made to hold the Secretary liable fi r i
the success of the measure, it would, 1 think, be
exceedingly difficult to es'ablish the handwriting.
Had he heartily approved the p'au, or reposed i
much confidence in its success, we should have i
seen more of his characteristic zeal and flrrane s in
its advocacy. But he has, as it were, damned it wi h
faint praise, and withheld from it the decided sana-
tion of his name.   In this he has acted wisely, for
the measure is obviously an experiment, which, so
far as I know, has never before been tried duting
the history of the world.   With great deference to
the Senator from Missouri, it is, I think, altogether
unlike the case of the Jews, or the former settle*
ments in our own country.   The case of the Jews
can never fairly be drawn into precedent.   They
were emphatically a peculiar people.   God him-
self was their leader, and with his own arm drove
out the heathen from before them, as h* had pre-
viously promised.   Their successes were not the
ordina<y results of human mean?.   So far, how-
ever, as human means were used as secondary
agents, they were, according to my understanding,
very different from there proposed by this bill.
The   whole   Jewish nation   proceeded   en masse
in  their conquest*; and, as  was   remarked    by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Tappas,} they found
houses ready built, and fields and vineyards culti-
vated, (and such grapes, by the way, have never
since been seen,) of whxh they took possession. By
the command of Heaven the former inhabitants of
the land were destroyed, and a curse fell upon
whomsoever   was backward in the work of de-
struction.   One tribe only who, by subtlety, ob-
tained assurance of safety, was permitted to live.
Bat even that tribe fell under the curse of Heaven,
and wa* made slaves to the Hebrews.   After tak-
ing possession of their land, the  Jews dwelt like
other nations, pursuing the ordinary occupations of
life.   Not  in  armed  husbandry, but frequently
called upon, like other people in early times, to de-
fend their land against invasion, returning again
when they had driven off their enemy to then-
fields and vineyards.
«¿There is, perhaps, more resemblance in
the case of our Western settlers. But even
there the difference is great. The face of the
country in which our Western settlements were
formed, was very dissimilar to that of Florida.
There continuous and boundless exten's of fertile
lands stretched out, and settlements could be "form-
ed compact and of any size. The necessaries of
life grew almost spontaneously—at least very little
hborwas required to pro 'uce them. There was
no desire to capture the native*, or to destroy them;
all that was wanting wa; to keep them at a respect-
ful distance. This was readily enough done, for.
there was a vast country behind upen which
the. savages could fall back, and very willing
were they to avail themselves of it. The white men,
wherever Ihey came, spoiled their bunting grounds,
and it required no force to induce them to go
where game was more abundant: Thus rolled
back, like the successive ocean waves; the na-
tives were but little in the way of the advancing
settlers. The reverse of all this is the case in Flo-
rida. That country, if 1 am correctly informed,
consists of swamps, hammocks, and poor pine
ridges. The former of these requite draining, at
considerable expense, ere they can be made useful,
and I do not know that it has been ascertained that
they are sufficiently fertile to repay this expense.
The hammock.*, the only land certainly valuable,
are, I am told, not sufficiently large to admit of
any considerable settlement in one body, and that,
besides this, the t;mber is &o thick and heavy as to
defy the efforts of any single laborer to place the
land in a state of tillage, in the course of one sea-
son; so that, so far from being able to fight, and
feed himself, too, it would be more than the labo-
rer could accomplish to draw from bis land a lean
support with the utmost toil. The remaining
lands or pine ridges would not, I suppose, of them-
selves, hold out temptations to any settler.*. The
object of invading Florida is not to occupy and
maintain it in the face of the natives, but to force
them out of it—a very different opera'nn from in-
ducing them to fall back. The latter would be
impracticable if it was desired, for there is no coun-
try for ihem to fa'1 back upon; no choice would be
left them but victory or death, by famine, or the
sea suriounding them on every hand. It is this,
probably, which already renders them so ferocious,
and causes them so fiequentty to break in upon
the settlements. Nothing short of forcing them
from the country would answer any purpose, or at
least the great purpose in view—the safety of the
present white settlements.
But if the proposed plan could succeed at all, it
will be altogether too slow in its opeiation. It
wonld lake months, in the first place, to procure
the necessary number of settlers, and several more
to get them to the scene of operation; and many
more, I fear, under the most favorable view of ihe
subject, before the anticipated effect wculd be pro-
duced of foic'ng the Indians to capitula ion and
removal. In the meantime,Middle Florida would
continue as now the scene of alarm and butchery.
Your posts would still be passed by ways known
only to the savages, and plunder and bloodshed be
vis ted upon the s'(dements. What we want is an
immediate remedy for the, pressing evil. Some
plan that will keep the Indians constantly engaged
in their own defence, so as to leave them no time
for rapine, until their overthrow is completed.
I may be asked, why not give the plan proposed
a trial? If it can do no good, it may be said, it will
do no harm. That is what I cannot admit. No
plan will now, in my judgment, prove ent:rely
ncu'ral. It is a maxim in philosophy, that no two
bodies can occupy the same space at the same
time. And if this plan is attended with no
other evil, it will serve, to some extent at least,
to displace a better. It will consume, in an expe-
riment, precious time that should be energetically
devoted to the deliverance of Florida.
There is a certain mode which I believe cannot
fail, and I am therefore for adopting it at enre. It is
the good old plan of opposing thews and sinews to
thews and sinews. I am no friend t« expedients.
I have been opposed to substituting paper for gold
and silver; and I have no confidence in any sub-
stitute for the usual tnatrriel of war. I am for em-
ploying at once a sufficient military force to ex-
p'ore the country, and pursue the Indians into eve-
ry nook (thither they may fly for refuge. This, I
believe, can be done. Our soldiers may plant their
footsteps wherever they shall plant theirs. 1 have
no idea that they possess any faculty of travelling
without leaving a trace by which they may be
pursued. They have no such powers as the Scy-
thians wou'd intimate for themselves to Cyrus, (I
thiBk it was,) when pursuing them, by sending him a
frog, a bird, and a mole—signifying ihat unless he
could swim like the first of these animals, fly like
the second, and burrow like the third, the pursuit of
them would be vain. But I would employ in ihis
pursuit volunteer militia Regulars, as I have
said, I do not think adapted to this service, for rea-
sons which it wonld be tedions to explain. The
maroon war in Jamaica more nearly resembles
that in which we have been engaged with the Se-
minóles in Florida than any that occurs to me, of
which we have any account in history, whether we
look to the character of the persons against whom,
or the circumstances under which, it was waged.
An inte: e¿ting account of that war is furnished by
Mr. Edwards in his History of the West Indies.
"In the year 1655, (says that writer,) Jamaica was conquered
from the Spaniards by the English, under the command of
Amiral Penn and General Venables. The Spaniards are said to
have possessed about one thousand five hundred slaves, who
escaped and retreated to the mountains, from whence they
made frequent incursions to harass the English. Major Gene-
sal Sedgewick, in a letter to Secretary Thurlough, predicts that
these blacks would prove a thorn !n the side of the English.
He adds that they give no quarter to his men, but destroyed
them whenever they found an opportunity, scarce a week pass-
ed without their murdering one or more of them; and as the
soldiers became more confident and careless, the negroes ¡pew
more enterprising and bloody minded. Having no moral sense,
and not understanding what the laws and customs of civilized
nations mean, we know not how to capitulate or treat with
them. But be assured they must either be destroyed or brought
in upon some terms or other, or else they will prove a great
discouragement to the settling of the country."
How much does this seem like a picture of our
case, and how apposite is the conclusion to which
Gen. Sndgewick comes to our circumstances. These
Maroons, (or as the word s'gnifies, these hog hun-
ters) continued to annoy the British settlers in
Jamaica for upwards of forty years, during which
t me forty-four acts of assembly were passed, and
¿£240,000 in money expended, and lives without
number sacrifted. And here alio w me to remark that
this is a sufficient answer to such of the English as
choose to flout us with the great duration of the
Florida war. About this lime were fought two
battles:
"Which (says the historian) so reduced the strength of the
Maroons, and filled them with terror, that they never afterwards
appeared in any considerable body, nor dared to make any
stand; indeed, they had never once ventured a pitched battle,
but skulked about the skirts of remote plantations, surprising
stragglers and m urdering whites by two or three at a time, and
when they were too few to make resistance. By night, they
seized the favorable opportunity that darkness gave them of
stealing into the settlements, where they set fire to cornfields and
outhouses, killed all the cattle they could find, and carried the
Blavea into captivity. They knew every secret avenue ot the
country, so that they could either conceal themselves from pur-
suit, or shift their ravages fiom place to place, as circumstances
required."
How like, in all respects, the conduct of the Se-
minolesl In 1733, a new mode of warfare was
adopted against ihem. Troops were employed to
scour the roads and mountains and destroy the
provision gardens and haunts of the maroons.
"Every barrack teas also furnished with a puck oj
dogs, provided"—by whom do jou think? By the
church-wardens—'■'■provided by tíie church-wardens of
the respective parishes'1''—it being foreseen that these
animals would prove extensively serviceable, not
only in guarding against surprises in the night, but
in tracking the enemy. This was a decided im-
provement upon their former mode ef fighting; bat
the settlers had not yet discovered the most effectual
plan of warring with these savages. "About the
year 1737, the assembly resolved on taking into
their pay two hundred of the Musquito Indians, to
hasten the suppression of Ihe maroons." These
troops, with others of the same description, made it
a practice to observe the most profound silence in
marchng on the enemy's quarters, and when they
had once hit upon the trail, they were sure to dis-
cover the haunt to which it led. "They," says the
historian, "effected considerable service, and were,
indeed, the most proper troops to be employed in
that species of action which is known in America "
—by what name do you suppose?—' bush-fighting n
Within one year after this bu>h-ighting wa« intro-
duced, the Maroon war was over; the Maroons
"were reduced to so miserable a condition by famine
and incessant attacks, that they afterwards declared
that, if peace bad not been offered them, they had
no choice left but either to be starved, lay violent
hands on themselves, or surren ier to the English at
discretion." Thus it is I am for assailing the Se-
minóles in Florida. Following the light of history,
1 am led to this course; and even those who may
differ with me cannot deny that I speak upon good
authority. The only way of bringing such a foe to
term-3, is by cons'ant and ceaseless pursuit; giving
them neither time for rest nor for the gatheiiag of
food, while, at the same time, you deprive them of
opportunity for rapine and destruction. Tnis can
only be done by scouting par ies, accompanied by
dogs. Without these, ihe whites may almott pass
over them as over a partridge in the heather, with-
out perceiving them. But the dog destroys their
conscious security, and hisins'inct is ever exposing
them to their pursuers. Yes; I am for resorting to
the bush fighting voluntaer*, and for employing the
dogs aho. And I go still farther. When I had
assembled my volunteers and my dogs, I would
make proclamation that every Indian warrior who
came in by a certain day should be spared, hu-
manely treated, and transported to the land origi-
nally promised beyond the Mississippi; but that all
taken afterwards should be hung upon the gibber.
This threat should be executed. I am awaie there
is a mawkish sensibility prevailing upon this sub-
ject, entitled, in ay opinion, to but litile «spec1-
Thus, when the gallant Hernando capture «too-
la, sensibilizes were fe!t in this Chamber, no .for
the victims of the ruthless ^dian^he «omenand
children he b*d butchered-ihe wjdows and or-
