80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
36th Cowo«—1st Sks9
Jlrmed occupation of Florida—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
pbaas newly made by his mnrders—but for himself
and his comrades, who had providentially fallen
in'o the pit they had digged for others. When will
men learn to look at things as they really are, and
not suffer themselves to be carried away by mere
prejudices and unmeaning distinctions? One great
name will mislead a thousand unthinking follower.-;
aid I doubt not that the Earl of Chatham has given
currency to many false notions of humaniiy in
conducting war, by his famous speech upon the
employment of Indian allies against us in our
Revolutionary struggle. For his opposition to
that measure, the noble lord merits the gra-
titude of every Ametican; and had he been a
little more consistent in other acts with his
virtuous indignation on that occasion, would have
justly challenged the admiration of the world.
But even Lord Chatham, in that ce'ebrated speech,
so far from urging any thing against the employ-
ment of bloodhounds against the Indians, rather,
I think, furnishes me with an argument in its
favor:
"Against your Protestant brethren, (said he,) to lay waste
theii country, to desolate their dwellings, and extirpate their race
and name with these horrible hellhounds of savage war—hell-
hound , 1 say, of savage tear. Spain armed herself with
hloodboands to extirpate the wretched nativesof America, and
we improve on the inhuman example of even Spanish cruelty;
we turn loose these savage hellhounds against our brethren and
coontrymen in America."
Lord Chatham considers the employment of In-
dians by the British, against their Protestant breth- i
reo, an improvement apon the nse of bloodhounds  '
by the Spaniards in pursuit of the harmless na-  j
tives of America.     The Indians he describes as
hellhounds, and places them in ferocity far be- I
yond the bloodhound.     He could not, of course,  j
object to the employment of the blcodhonnd against ;
the hellhound, laying, as he does, the stress of his
argument, in his appeal to his conntrymen, on the
savage cruelly of the Indians classing them with
the inhabitants of the infernal regions.     But we
have not only the argument, but the example of
Lord Chatham for the employment of what he con-
siders worse than the bloodhound, when occasion
requirts.   In a note to his Statesmen of the Times
of George III, Lord Brougham remarks:
"A cúrcuma*anee attended Lord Chatham's eloquent invec-
tive against our employment of the Indians in the American
war, which we have not handed down to us along with it, but
which could hardly fail to be noticed at the time. The very
same thing had been done in the former war carried on in Ca-
ñad i by his own authority and under his own immediate su-
perintendence; the French had arrayed a tribe of these savage
warriors against us, and we, without scruple, arrayed another
against them. Tins he thought fit to deny in the most positive
manner, although the ministers offered to produce documents,
written by himself, that proved it, from among the papers in
the Secretary's office. A warm debate ensued, and at length
Lord Amherst, the General who had commanded our troops in
that Canadian *ar, was so loudly appealed to on all sides, that
it compelled him to rise and most unwillingly (for he greatly
respected Lord Chatham) falter out a few words; enough, how
ever, to acknowledge tlie fact—a fact admitted generally, and
even assumed by the Lords who spoke afterwards, upon hear-
ing what had pasted in the House of Lords, Lord Bute ex-
claimed wiih astonishment, Bid Pitt really deny it? Why, I
have letters of his still by me, singing id Pmans over the ad-
vantages we gained through our Indian allies."
Thus it is abundantly proved that Lord Chat-
ham employed means on one oecason which he
denounced on another, and I do not know that
there was anv reprehensible inconsistency in bis
so doing; and I dourt not that iIkss who now pro-
fess a sickly sensibility upon the subject of means
to be employed against the Seminole Indians might
easi y be placed in circumstances to prove them-
selves jos' as inconsi-tent. Bat Lord Chatham's
denial of the fact is without explanat on and with-
out apology.
How absjrd is it for one who has witnessed the
cruelties infliced upon the unoffending inhabitants
of Florida, the detraction of tieir property, and
the murdT of their women and chillren, to object
to any mode of protecting them, from a sickly ap-
prehension that the mode propesd might bring Irs
humanity in question.     Every species of warfare
is cruel, and can only be justified upon the great
principle of self-defence, and the justifica'ion ex-
tends to every case where  the  principle applies;
and never was the principle of self-defence m^re
strictly applicable than in the case under conside-
ration.    Indeed, judging by experience, I am much
inclined to think that the use of dogs may be ad-
vocated upon the  very ground that it is the most
humane mode of warfare under the contemplated
circumstances—the least productive of suffering
and death. In pi oof of this, I wi 1 resort again to
the Maroons. In 1795 another Maroon war broke
out in Jamaica. The Assembly naturally set
about devising the most speedy mode of bringing it
to a termination.
"It was natural for them fays the author which I have be-
fore cited] to recur to the experience of former times, and to
inquire into the measures that had been successfully adopted in
the long and bloody war which, previous to the treaty of 1738,
had been carried on against the same enemy. The expedient
which had been resorted to, of employing dogs to discover the
concealment of the Maroons, was recommended as a fit exam-
ple to be followed in the present conjuncture."
He proceeds to say that they determined to en-
gage a sufficient number of Spanish dogs and
huntsmen from the island of Cuba. The author
remarks, that
"The Assembly were not unapprized that the measure of
calling in such aid, and urging the canine species to the pursuit
of human beings, would probably give rise to much observation
and animadversion in the mother country. Painful expe-
rience on other occasions had taught them that their conduct
in the present case would be severely scrutinized with all the
 • £• <*andyeaZojiscircumspectiou which ignorance and hatred,
and envy and malice, and pretended humanity and fana-
ticism, could exercise."
To this it was replied, that the safety of the
island, and the lives of the inhabi'ants, were not to
be sacrified to the perverse misconstruction, or the
wilful misrepresentation, of the mother country.
Mr. Paley, the great moral ph losopl.er, was cited,
who declares:
"If the cause and end of war be justified, all the means that
appear necessary to that end are justifiable also. This is the
principle which defends those extremities to which the violence
of war usually proceeds; for since war is a eontest by force
between parties who acknowledge no common superior; and
since it includes not in its idea the supposition of any conven-
tion which would place limits lo the operations of force, it has
naturally no boundary but that in which force terminates, the
destruction of the life against which force is directed."
It was, therefore, justly concluded, that humanity
was no way concerned in the expedient proposed,
or in any other by which the enemy could be most
speedily extirpated. The enemy was not an un-
armed, innocent, and defenceless race of men, but
a banditti of assassins, and tenderness towards
them was cruelty to all the rest of the community:
a reasoning, by the way,. which seems conclusive
in the case now under consideration. The dogs
were sent for, which being known among the Ma-
roon , such was the terror it inspired, thai within
a very few days afterwards, and before anX of the
dogs were actually employed, the Maroons all sur-
rendered at discretion, and were shipped to Hali-
fax, as we propose to do the geminóles to the west-
ward of the Mississippi. And thus was an expe-
dient, denounced as cruel, made a second time in-
strumental in putting a termination to war and
bloodshed. I would adopt it again, in connection
with the volunteers and martial law, and I have no
question but it would prove effectual. In the exe-
cution, or rather the threatened execution, of all
the warriors taken after the proclamation, I have
much confidence, as I understand the Indians, in
common with ourselves, have a special horror of
that mode of death.
This is a ^general outline of the plan I should
devise; the details and the number of volunteers to
lte employed, I leave lo the proper department in
which I have every confidence. My province is
not that of a general, or the head of a Department.
I speak as an American statesman—an humble
one it is true; but the duties of that station have de-
volved upon me, however incompetent I may be
for their fulfilment. In an effort 10 discharge those
duties, I express my belief that the bill under con-
sideration will not serve for the relief of Florida,
but that a plan, something like the one I have sug-
gested, will. But I call upon my country to do
something. Adopt the bill under consideration if,.
you think it best; but if not, adopt some other, and
that speedily. Let the wounds of bleeding Florida
be staunched. And let it not be (aid in the lan-
guage of the ¡Tenator from Missouri, "delibtrai Ro-
ma peril Sajrunium,"—while Congress deliberates,
Florida peri>hes.
ARMED OCCUPATION OF FLUIDA.
IN SENATE,       "
Thursday, January 9,18L
The bill for the occupation of Flcwda by armed
settlers being again under consideration,
Mr. CRITTENDEN rose and said: The Florida
war has become a matter of distinguished impor-
tance, and the measure which is now under con-
sideration is therefore entitled to our soberest and
most deliberate regard. In the various disappoint-
ments which have been experienced of oar hopes
of the teiminaiion of these hostilities, we have cast
about our minds for the reasons of this protracted
hostility, and for the means by which it might be
brought to an end. Notwithstanding these disap-
pointments, I had indulged the hope at one time of
the quet settlement of the Territory by some
means wiihin the usual and legitimate powers of
this Government. But from this measure 1 do not
believe that there is one good result to be antici-
pated, and I think the bill ought not to pass.
Mr. President, every consideration of economy,
ef humanity, and ef h nor, requires that this war
should be speedily terminated by the most effectual
measures within the power of this Government;
and the; e will be very great danger that ineffectual
or slow measures will have a tendency to prevent
the adoption and prosecution of measures more
effectual. The adoption of an inefficient measure,
therefore, would be unfortunate, not only on ac-
count of its positive uselessness, but on account of
its diverting the Government of th« country from
means which might be used successfully to termi-
nate the war.
How far, then, Mr. President, is this bill ca'cu-
laled to effect the attainment of this object? An
invitation is here to be sent out to 10,000 settlers
able to bear arms, and they are to occupy—what?
Is it the forests, the hammocks, the paths, or even
the most secure portions of the country in its natu-
ral state? No, sir; they are to occupy places of de-
fence; they are to put up in block-houses, and even
there they are to be aided by the military forces of
this Government. They are to receive, even in
these garrisons, the protection of the military of the
United States. The number of settlers in each gar-
rison is not to be less than 40 nor more than 100.
Suppose you get &,00O settlers; it will require one
hundred garrisons and fastnesses to be occupied
by them; and they are to construct these de-
fences by the aid of the troops of the United
States, with special protection from them
at first, and general protection afterwards.
You are first to bring these companies of a' m«d set-
tlers into existence; then you are lo construct 100
fortifications for them by the aid of your military,
and you are to protect them by means of the mili-
tary. Sir, can all (his be done in twelve months?
To effect this measure, therefore, the war must be
suspended for one year, while you prepare,the
means of fortresses and garrisons, and carry on the
war aft' r that. Heretofore, the military have acted
to protect the frontiers of the settlements. Now, in
the heart of the settlements, you are to build 100
fortresses. And what military will it require?
Will the whole be more than is necessary? Yon
have devoted their services to a new object alto-
gether. Will it require the whole force now to
guard the settlers shut up in garrisons?
By the first section of the bill these individuals
are ca'led setilers. But in what sense? Tbey are
required by ihe terms of the bill to inhabit garri-
sons, and to carry on a savage warfare under the
pro'ection of your military, in perfect security, in
impregnable fortresses, with the addition of a mili-
tary force. And they ate thus to remain in idle-
ness and security—till when? Till the termination
ef the war. And the whole time tbey are to be
fed and clothed at your expense. And to do what?
Nothing; absolutely nothing. They are to be given
the free use of the land adjacent for cultivation.
But to what extens will they cultivate it? What
is the inducement for them to labor even without
danger? Sir, you have taken away the only in-
ducement which Civilized men ought to have.
You have agreed to feed and clothe Ihem, and for
what else will they labor? Will you send them
into a dangerous wilderness, and hold out to them
the inducements of merely raising productions
for a profitable market? What motive to action
have you left to such a settler? You feed and
clothe bim, for which he is required to perform no-
service. Sir, will be fight? Will he pursue Ihe
savage either to catch bim or to drive him out? No,
sir, no, sir; they will all occupy their garrisons,
receiving as a gift their ft.od and clothing, and then
