Ja?f. 1840.____________
26th Cong"«'1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
(hpy wi'l do no hing till ihe war is ended. They
will remain under a consciousness of perfect se-
curity. They are required to do nothing. Why
thrn Vhouid th<>y seek the Indians? They will not
be required to do so by the law, and why s-lnuld
they do vl If they do it at all, it will be from a
mere spirit of volnn'arv adventure.
Sir, it aprears tome tint we should make a great
mii-Mlcu'ation if wa should suppose the e garri-
son cit zers of yours to resemble, in any degree,
the hardy and jesolut* pioneers of the West. They
drove out the savages; but what was the induce-
ment tbert? In th° first place, while receiving no
bounty or supply from the Government, with a de-
teraiinrd spirit, they entered the wilderness, with
wiie and children, without any means of subsist-
ence but the r fl > and tie plough; and if ihey cleared
and cultivated field*, it was necessary to war wi h
he favpge even bey >nd their bounds. In that
way, w ith the rifle and plough together, they sub-
dued and settled that great Wilderness. But you
have not therefore any right to expect that men
secured in gafris-ins, shut up and proiected, fed
with public provisions, clothed at the public ex-
pense, taken care of by the public arms, and even
with the hopes of reward for all this passive secu-
rity and sustenance—sir, yon have no light to ex-
pect from them aiy thing like the efficient services
and gallant achievements of the pioneers of the
West. You throw 'away at the outset all the in-
ducements which led to such results, and you have
therefore no ri-ht to expect them. Sir, I believe in
my heart that this measure will fail to accomplish
any useful and patriotic object.
¡Sir, whoever was the author of the bill, it will
naturally tend to the result? which I have named.
It may be a  ques'ion, indeed, whether any thing
effec'ua! can be done for the prompt and quiet set-
tlement of Florida.   Perhaps it cannot te settled as
th? West was settled; but whether it can be,  or
not, I am perfectly persuaded of the inefficiency of
this measure.   It is far worse than *ile and  use-
less.    The inducements which you hold forth for
settlers are such as will address themselves most
strongly to the most idle and worthless classes of
our cit zens.   And when you get them there, you
cmnof, by the method you propose, alter their
character, except for the worse.   What men of in-
dustry and   enterprise  wilt   engage   for   twelve
month*, with the hops of clothing and food, to be
collected into squads, to be immured in garrisons,
shut up from a 1 those salu'ary influences which
arise from good order and moras in society?   Sir,
what can you expect from those that are brought
together by such inducements, and to live such a
lift?   TVre is more reason to believe that they
themselves will be converted into savages, than
that they will drive the savages from the^Territory.
Sir, I wonld not exaggerate; I would utter no-
ting  from party prejudice.     But what do you
expect from this measure?    Let gentlemen ask
themselves this question; and then let them ask
further, do you expect any service from fheie men
adequate to the ex,, ense?   If to be shut up in gar-
risons, to be fed and clothed twelve months at the
public expsnse—if this is public serv.ee—then pub-
lic service  will  doubtless be done.    And what
are you to pay for i ?   You are to give to each of
th *e men 320 acres of land at the conclusion of
hostilities; and, if there are 10,000 of them engaged
in this sedenlaiy service, their whole compensation
will bo 3,200,000 acres of land.   And what will
be its value?   W¡1! it be less than from five to ten
milln ns df dollar ?   Sir, ihe privilege of selecting
3,000,000 from 30,000,000 acres ofla-.d—is net this
itself a privilege wordi #10,000,000? Is this the best
way to apply the public property?   If it is not, you
onsht not so to apply it.   You are the guardians
of tV public interests; and you are therefore called
upon to dec de whether this is the best way to ap-
P'y this amount of proper y.
But let me take another view of the subject. If
this bill could be carried out, and if each of the^e
men would make afetfiemen on h's land as his re-
source and future home, there would be at least
smecon o'ation for this loss of the public properly.
We nrght, at l ast, thus help in raising up useful
and respectable citiz*n*. Bat do you remember,
ejr,1bat in your last war with Great Britain you of-
fered as a bounty to each of your soldiers 160 acres
of goo4 land, al! fit for cultivation, to be sarveved
and laid off at the expense of Government? And
what became of the hnd? Did your soldiers after
the war retire ti the homes you had thus provided
for them? Did they become freeholders, convert-
ing their arms in'o plougl shares? Did they go to
work on their bounty lauds,? No, sir; every gen-
tleman here knows that almost the whole of this
portion of ihe public domain was squandered and
given away by these prospective settlors, through
speculation and fiaudulent bararains, from one end
of the country to the other. There claims were to
be had in any numtei you pleased, at any of the
auctioneers' or brokers' shops in this city, at from
$20 to $50 each. That was then the result, and
depend upon it, these 320 acres which you are to
give to each settler in this case will be swallowed
up in the vortex of exactly the same sort of specu-
lation. Had we not then better adopt another
mode? Let us pay them as we pay our regular
soldie s. The pay in money is fixed and certain;
but here you give hnd which is uncertain; and,in the
mean time, the soldiers, or rather the fpeculators,
will, on the whole, always set the advantage of us.
Why then, adopt this mode? Are you unab'e to raise
money for this war? Can you get enough neither
of the const tational currency nor of Treasury notes
to keep up a strife with 600 or 700 miserable sa-
va*e¿? Is that the condition to which we are re-
duced? Sir, if this system is adopted, and these
men must be paid,wiihout any service in return,
let them be paid in money; it is but equal justice to
them and to the rest of your soldiers; and you will
know then what you are giving, which now you do
not. On this plan, one settler may get what ten
more will not get. And the mea sue is unjust to
the Eepubl.'c, because the expense will, on the
whede, be more than if paid in money. It is un-
just, further, because it will resultan an advantage
to the monopolists of land. Whi'e your own lands
are settled at the usual price, theje 3,000,000 will
te within the grasp of speculators for some $40 or
$50 or $100 a patent for 350 acres.
The Senator fom South Carolina [Mr. Preston]
has said Dearly all that can be said on this subjec.
I believe, with him, that this measure will not be
successful in the termination of the war.   The war
has been now in progress four years, and to this
day there is no end  of it to be fe"n; and unless
this, like all things earthly, must end, we mieht
siy that  we are now as far   from  the  end of
it as ever.   Yet we have already spent $25,000,-
000, and how much of life and blood I cannot sura
up.   During the whole period, Congress has done
every thing that has been called for. Sir,bas the De-
partment 'made a single demand of money or of
men which has not been granted ? «Of money and
of military no amount has been asked for that has
not been  promp'ly granted.   Under these circum-
stances, has not the nation a right to ask whether
the war shall still go on at yet more than this dis-
graceful length ?   We have given all that the Ex-
ecutive authorities asked, as much and as soon as
they asked i'.    Why, then, have they not finished
the war?   Have the troops failed  to   maintain
their character in the view of the country, or to
perform their duty to the Government, through
want of spirit, bi a rery, or perseverance?   Can you
attribute this failure to the troop* ?   Sir, no country
ever had a braver soldiery, and braver have never
been in ihe American service.    D stant, inglorious,
and obscure as is ihe scene  of action, they have
gone on through d fficul'y and danger; not a mur-
mur was heard ; and they have endured  and died
in vour service wiihout a groan, cut off by the
climate and the enemy; fulling unknown and un-
heard of, obscurely swal'owed up in that vortex.
Your soldiery now and heretofore have done and
endured enough to weave a laurel worthy of the
brow of this Rep-ibli^.   They have  there shed
their blood and deposited their bodies on the roil;
and what do we find for such a sacrifice?    Where
are-now the public laurels?   Are there any of
them?   Ni t a leaf,   and what is the reason ?   If
we have given all that Irs been asked ; if the sol-
diery have well and bi avely done rr¡e:r duty, where
are we to look for the  responsibility for all this
disgrace ?   Who is accountable for this disastrous
war—for th's long-protracted public   ignomin  ?
Sir, I know of no other than the Secretary of War.
We are not competent to determine on the move-
ments and operation of the war,  or of the ¿kill of
this or that manoeuvre, or of the qualifications and
conduct of one and another Genera!; and we cm-
riot look to them; we must look to the head of the
Department,   who   manages   and   regulates   all.
I  look not to   this or   that action, or the army
or the  paitlcular year; but I look af the gene-
ral   aspect and progress of the war; and I look to
the Secretary of War as responsible for these gene-
ral results.     In his hands we have placed the
means of the war, plenty of men ar.d  money; he
has had the Treasury and the whole military pow-
er of the country at his command for four years.
And what has he done?   Look at the report of the
Secretary of War.    He there says 45,000 miles of
your territory is in the possession of the savages,
and the enemy retains it after a four years' war.
You are staggering, exhausted, under what will
not bear the name of a war—a ikirmish with  600
savages.   And are the means net enough?  If they
are not, why not ask for mort?   If the means are
insuffie'ent, we ought to have known it; it is a
mat er which not we, but the Secretary of War is
to determine.     If four or five thousand men were
ineffectual, was it not his business to know ii?   If
20,000 men were wanted, we ought to have known
it from the Secretary of War.    Why, then, did he
not call upon us?   Would not the expensi have
been less in a few months, with 20,006 men,  than
to continue thus ftebly and ineffectually to squan-
der your treasure?   Sir, I speak of this fs a na-
tional misfortune, not unmixed with shame  and
dishonor, which never existed to such a degree
since we were a nation.   This war is unexampled
in point of expense and bloodshed, with an enemy
so small, and n«t only with  no gloiy, but public
disgrsce.     I desire that the whole history of this
war may be given,  sr> that it  may be shown
whether there is any apology for the Secretary of
War; and, if it should appear that his conduct is
justified by the circumstances, give him at least
that advantage.   There is no nation that would not
do it.    But we ought to we'gh this matter well be-
fore we take it into our own hands, and out of
those of the Executive, to relieve him of the dis-
grace and responsibility, and bring them upon our-
selves.   If the Secretary of War has regarded this
matter as a trflj for  ft>ur  year*,   is   he   now
awakened to  a consciousness of his past eTor?
And is he now prepa;ed with plans to put an tnl
to it?
And what are those plars? Sir, his explanation
of them is about equal to the war itself. He says,
before the var is brought to a conclusion, it may
require other means than have yet been tried. But
what are they? Under this vague communication
what does the Secretary propose? Has he yet any
definite idea on the subject? Or, by his ambigui-
ties and oracular mysteriousness, does he mean to
keep the way open for other schemes and other
means, which he fears mutt yet be tiied before the
war will end? In that conclusion we will all con-
cur with him; but we should like to have known
what those other means are. Sir, I would not dic-
tate what he is to do in this war, but I demand his
p'an, and I say the nation has suffered enough by
these vasueand irregular proceedings. What is his
plan? And how many men and how much money
does he want to carry it into execution? Let him
take them, and be responsible for the results. This
is the way in which all Governments proceed.
His other means are yet locked op as the arcane
of state. Thfre is, indeed, a suggestion in the
message, that he will want 1,000 more men. But
these are not other means. He says, furthermore,
that from this bill he expects very beneficial result .
And that is all. Beneficial results! and he wants a
thou sandfmore men, and other means may be raised!
Sir, believe me that it affords rae no pleasure '?
make imputat ons on any person; but I do not hesi-
tate to make them where it seems to be .re4I,ired*
Still I would rather now deal with the subject than
with the Secretary. But we can look only to the
Secretaiy for the loss of $25,000,000, for the great
amount of national character that is gone, and for
the much blood that has been shed.   Sir, lite fee-
