84
APPENB1X TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CLOBE.
Jan. r84oV
36th Con .......1st Seis.
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Preston.
Senate.
11 redure ihese tribes, inhabiting th« borders of the
Black Sea and the sircng d filt¡s and fastnesses of
the Caucasian mountains, without evei gaining any
considerable advantage. The war upon ihe Cir-
c >«sians cannot have been sustained by the Russian
Government at au expense of less than from five
t> ten thousand men annually since 1805-, and y>'t
they not only defy the Russian power, but, if recent
reports are true, are signally victorious over the
Russian armies.
Sir, to what do you attribute the success of the
wild people upon this isthmus in maintaining their
independence?    Not surely to their means of war-
fare, nor yet to their nuuibets, but undoubtedly to
the singular toprgraphy of the country and the
daring bravery and indomiiable fortitude of its
hardy and fierce population.     I make tbe-e refe-
rences in rep'y to the Senator from Sooth Caro'ina,
remaking, at the same lime, that I place no re-
lance whatev«r upon the historical authorities in-
troduced in the course of this debate, ei her for or
against this bill.    Tbe cases ere not parallel.   If
you will determine what a given military force can
arcd*nplish, you must take into the calcularon the
circumstances l>y which they are to be surrounded,
and the ob>Ucles they are to encounter, the topo-
graphy of the country in which which thry are to
operate, i s clirnate and productions, and ibe cha-
rae er of the enemy to be subdued.     In a 1 these
particu'ars Florida stands by it elf, and a large
force having proved unavailing, I am dispi s d io
try a smaller one, to be raised expressly for this ser-
vice, and <he armed settlers.
Mr. PRESTON said: I am very glad, Mr. Pre-
sident, that the attention of the Senate has been
called to this bill, and from that fart at least I hope
good wiil result. We are all anxious, and I am
happy to say ¡t with great sincerity as to myself, to
bnn« this war to a satisfactory terminat on, f-at
F.onda nuy be open io quiet settlen ent by the
white inhabitants of this country. Sir, I have no
other views whatever than to effect this object; and
I would not oppose any measure, even this, if I be-
li*red in its success, or merely in its harm'essness.
But this m?asure cannot but result in injury, which
we are all anxious to avoid. It tends to an entirely
different purpose from that assigned, and to an in-
definite protraction of the war, involving new mea-
sures to be adopted at a distant time*, with an ex-
penditure of more money.
Mr. Presideht, the projetisfor the, settlement
and armed occupation of F.orida, thus gradua'ly
taking possession of the lust  t rritory.    But let us
reflect on the peculiar at i'ude of affairs in that
country at the present moment.   We have been at
war there since December,  1835, to protect our
frontier atd drive out tie Indians.   At that time
Florida had long been a terrifry, with settlements
advanced far into the interior, and at that time it
was necessary for the Government to re-nove the
Indians out tí the way rf the progreesive set le-
nient of the territory, which was pressing on the
Indian territory in East Flor.da.   It was on this
occasion that the war broke tut, and it conse-
quently became necewery to employ the military
force of the United Sta'es to pr.itect the settlers.   A
eorion of posts of united States troops was esta-
blished to prr tectyour actual settlements, all round
the northern frontier of the Indians.   Sir, did your
P'oject succeed th^re?  Did all your military power
prevail in protecting the settlers? So far from that,
the irrñpions and rarpg-s of the Indians expelled
the inhabitants rf the Territi ry, so that the Indians
conquered Florida in spit  of the Uni ed States.
So far from that, the Indians rf that Territory con-
quered even that rortion of the land which the
United States had sold End settled, and expelled our
citizens who were ac nally in possession of it.   Sir,
this is a melancholy commencement of the settle
ment of that country by individuals by whom the
land had  been purchased and paid for, and whom
you guart'ed to the utmost extent, or at least ought
to have done i1; and now you propose a project for
settlements, though those settlements were ail bro-
ken  up.   Though those settlements could not be
maintained, or at least were not, yet it is now sup-
posed you can conquer that country by settlements.
The eentlemau from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] with
whom \ do coi concur in this measure, bat fallen
into some misiakes which I consider of cor,s~-
q ence. Tn re has been a good deal of military
experience in that country, by men of wotth, whi se
opinions are entitled to great weight. Ot:e ol them
is General Taylor, in reference to whom, as well
as other?, the gentleman has mis aken me. The
tru'h is, Taylor is an authority on whom I rely;
and so far was he from recommending this block-
house plan, this war in disguise, mix^d up ot the
swotd running with the p'oughshare aud the plough-
share with the sword—
Mr. Clay, (mteirup'ing.) I did not say that he
recommended the plan of the bill; that was not Tay-
lot's pi n; but I- said it was his opinion that the
war ought not to be renewed as heretofore.
Mr. Pbestcn. Taylor was not in favor of
the post (agricultural) plan,but entiiely against it.
And it is a fact, as far as I can ascertain, that, by
a'l the gentlemen who have been actually engaged
in Florida, military or civil, a plan of this Imd
would not be deemed efficacious; and many of
them assure me that it is utterly delusive. I am
aware that there are opinions in favor ef i'; but I
have not known of one individual in Florida, who
thinks that it would be attended with success, un-
less it is at ended with other measures; for exam-
ple, it may be efficient, if with all the power of the
Government we srsour that country; and when t' is
i;* done by the army, there may be protection
for those who are settled in Florida. Such
is Taylor's opinion, who says: "If the war is re-
newed, which I do not hope, the on'y way
to bring it ti a successful issue is, in my
opinion, to cover the whole country so as to
prevent the Indians from hunting and fi?hing."
As the war is to be renewed, it is therefore his
opinion that the only way to a successful issue
is to cover the whole countrv  o as to pre-
vent the Indians from huntin? and fishing.
And this is precisely the project which I
have proposed. It sounds largely, thi  cover-
ing the whole country; and yet I believe
it may be done without any great display of
military force. And why has it not been done?
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Pierce]
avks for specifications against the Secretary of
War. I will now give them. This war is disis-
trous at the end of five years. And what power
had the Secretary of War to prevent it? I wül now
tell you. He has had every thing that the Depart-
ment has asked for. This is my answer. And it
is a matter of charge against the Executive De-
partment that, having all the power of the Go-
vernment to accomplish this end, it is not accom-
plished.
The gentleman from New Hampshire says, and
says tiuly, this has be<na most disastrous war,
with a vast expenditure of t easure. And has
Congress  ever refused any amount of means? It
has opened its dcors wide enough for any power,
and here has been a war of the whole Uni'ed
States from Maine to Mis uri; a war of 15,000 000
f rosperot s people against a misetable band of
naked savages; a war of tbe whole terri ory, army,
and military of the Union, against a few bandits
in Florida, and with all th's the war is disastrous.
It may be that the Department is not enlightened
as we are, and has not fore-een these resul s. But
what is the Department ft r hut to foresee? And
whose fault is it that the war is not terminate'?
It has been said that we can only estimae mea-
sures by the result, (a method censured by Mr.
Pierce and General St. Clair ) And what oiher
means have we hert? He who has small mtansis,
perhaps, not to be censured for fdiling in great
achievements. But where there is a commmd of
all and ade ,uate means, then this method of judg-
ing is a test of all such matters. And wh=¡t, in this
case, caused the failure Was it the want of phy-
sical or mor.l p^wer, one, or both? They have had
$25,000,000, and with that sum the Territory might
have been filled wiih roads and ro-t". And I be-
lieve, by an appropriation of $5,000,000, rightly
applied, ih« war mi?ht be entirely extinguished. If
the Secretary would ad' pt mere enlightened mea-
yurés, I believe the Territory would be swept en-
tirely clean of the Indians at that expense; and if
men and money can do it, they would be given
by us.
41
Mr. President, General Taylor, in his report,
fays he hopes the war would not be renewed ; and
I now ask gen lttntn, is this a measure of peace of
war? Which is it? If it is of war, we are not ca-
pable of projecting plans of that sort. But if it is
a meauire of p ace, let gentlemen say so, and that
we are not called on but for a pacific measure.
[Mr. P*s voice was here lost to the Reporter, but
he was undeistcod to refer to the case of a French-
man who accompanied jome nostrum with calomel
and the lancet to make it effectual] Such, he
said, was ihe exact case with Florida. Accompa-
ny th:s meauire with a military force of 10,000
men, and this measure mi¿ht then be very clever
if it should induce some settltment on the land.
But who are those re t ers? The gentleman from
Alabama says that they can send hardy and resj-
lute men to that country, and that these men, cul-
tivating the ground with arms in their hand?, will
be always ready ti pop down on the Indians. But
who are they that are thus suddenly to pop
down on the appearance of an Indian ? Sir,
dois the settler ¿ill the Indian, or the Indian
the settler 1 The settler is at his plough, and it is
he who is killed, and the soldiers are drummed out
in a vain pursuit if the runaway marjerer. And
is cot this a matter of every day experience in
Florida? E'it my view of the subject, expressed
the other day, is n< t answered. Ours is a slave-
holding popula'ion, of rich and extensive planters,
and F.orida wdl be cultivat d only by slaves. And
isitexpectud that slaveholders will, for a bounty,
fight the Indians and free negroe ? The suppos1-
tion is preposterous. Hvw has it happened that
an indvidual most dis in^uished ba? failed to ve-
rify this supposition? The land was given up by
General Clinch, who was a settler there, as well
as by others of respectability; all fltd; and these
are the only kind of individuals who make settle-
ments In Florida. [Mr. P. here stated some facts
ts show that Florida, lifee South Carolina and the
Souh generally, could, from its staples, cotton and
rice, andftom its generally low and unhealthy cha-
racter, be cultivated only by slaves, and not by
small landholders, depending on the'r labor for the
direct m-ans of support ] And what, said Mr.
P. is now demanded is to put the country in a con-
dition to be settled by Southern men. And we
have the right, having stipulatid for the land, to
say to the Government, you shall give us the land
and prepare it for that kind of population by whom
alone it can be cu'tivated.
Mr. P. prnceeJed to show that the arable lands
of Florida were of such a character that they would
general'y be purchased, not by poor men, of whom
he admitted there were some in the Sou h, but by
those who thought the land worth more than $1,25
per acre for the production of rice and cotton. He
further stated that nearly the whole of the public
land there now in the posesión of the United
States was covered by Span'sh grants, which poor
men coulJ not tun thi risk of contesting, and
which would therefore go into the hands of rich
men and speculate rs. He objected also that good
public land, with an un^r-puted title, could not be
found in Florida to carry this bill into effect, so
that, when the land should be thus prepared for
¡"ettlement, there would be no more to be settled.
And all that would be settled by this measure Mr.
P. would venture to say would go to an idle popu-
lation, instead of good, usefu', and respectable
citizens.
Mr. P. also further objected to the length of
t:me which thismeasure would require He thought
it|wonld require five or «even years. Instead of this,
he insisted tha' the Scu¡h had a right to demand,
and did demand, that all the power of the country,
if necessary, ih uld terminate the war at once, and
open the Territory for settlement.
He a'so objected to the bill, that men wi'h fami-
lifs would, in the mean time, have no means of
supporting and taking care of their families. The
project of raying for military service in land, he
thought had been fully proved to be the worst and
most expensive. Soldiers were a class of men who
would be better satisfied with a less amount of
ready money; and few of them, after all, would
settle on the land. He further insisted on the plan
of General Taylor as the best and most «fficacious,
