Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
er
26th Conu—.Ist Sess.
Slale Debts—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
of those debts. When G.-neral Hamilton proposed the assump-
tion of the debts oi the indebted Sutes in 1791, he did it openly,
ami arrayed the two parties (Federal and Republican) upon it,
and carried the measure by an «pen bargain in Congiess, (in lo-
cating the permanent seut of GjVemment.) Mr. Jefferson has
described that transaoion in colors which should make every
Republican shudder; but here is a disguisedattemptat the same
thuig, without one single ex'enuating circumstance which
was then pleaded. Hut I pause. I quit this subject until 1 shall
meet it in Congress."
This is what I wrote six months ago, and now
we are in the presence of the danger which I then
announced.   Drguised assumption is the enemy
we have to combat.   Breach ot the Constitution by
elusion and circumvention, not by direct invasion,
is the danger that threatens us.    Both forms of
violation are equally viticus  and reprehensible,
and the firmer far the most common and success-
ful.   Of this we have signal and recent instances
in our own body, and on the very subject which
now occupies our attention.   When a Senator of
New Jersey, fourteen yeas ago, brought in a bill
far a direct and  naked distribution of publ:c mo-
ney among the States, it received no manner of
countenance, and was quickly, and almost unani-
mously, dUposed of.   When the same «bjectwas
afterwards proposed in the shape of a land revenue
distribu ion  bill,   it made its way through   both
Houses of  Congress, and was only arrested by
the firm  hand of  President Jackson.     Finally,
when the self-tame scheme made its appearance
in the garb of a deposite bill, it not only passed
both Houses, but passed the President's band also,
and became the law  of the land.   Thus elusion
and ciicumventiun are (he most common, and far
the most successful", mode of getting rid of consti-
tutional inhibitions. They are, besides.far the most
ancient.   As far back as history goes—as long as
fundamental laws   and constitutions   have been
kno>vn—just so long the practice of evading them
has been lamilinr and notorious.   Majorities have
been found in all ages and in all countries to elude
what they could not attack, and to  circumvent
what they could not surmount.   Of this the history
of the Athenians furnishes the finest example that
I have any where seen. That ingenious people were
able to excel in many things, and, among the rest, in
the art of trampling under foot their most sacred
Jaws,   while professing towards them a derisory
fidelity and a mock respect.  The instance to which
I refer is that of the admission of Demetrius, the
st-n of Am gonns, into all the degrees of the Eleu-
synian mysteries in  a single day, when the laws
required a whole year fw  the   consummation of
the admission.   Demetrius demanded to be admit-
ted in a day; the laws prescribed a year; so that
here was a great difficulty.   To satisfy the Prince,
then all powerful in Greece, and to comply with
the sacred laws which they were sworn to observe,
seemed to be impossible; but, by an ingenious con-
ception, the difficulty was evaded, sacrilege avoid-
ed, and Demetrius gratified.   The invention was
simply to change the name of the month at each
successive degree of the initiation.   This was done.
Twelve months were compressed into a fe* hours;
the admission becam  legal; and the happy inven-
tor of ihe expedient received from the poets of the
day the significant title of Chronos-portheles, which
signifies, I believe, time-expunger.   PJnlarch,i n his
Life of Demetrius, thus describes the operation:
"When Demetrius was preparing to return to Athens, he
wrote to the Jtepuhlic that, on his arrival, he intended to be ini-
tiated, and to be admitted immediately not onlyto the less mys-
teries, but even to those called intuitive. This was unlawful
and unprecedented; for the less mysteries were celebrated in
the month Aathesteiion, and the greater in the month Boedro-
mion; and none were admitted to the intuitive till a year at
least after they had attended the greater mysteries. When the
letters were read, Fythodorus, the torchbearer, was the only
person who ventured to oppose the demand; and his opposition
was entirely ineffectual. Stratocles procured a decree that the
month Munychion,which.thev were then in, should be called
Anihestenon; after which Mdfiychion was changed again into
Boedromion. By these means Demetrius was admitted to the
greater mysteries, and to immediate inspection.''
It was thus, Mr. President, that Athenian inge-
nuity, some two thousand years ago, by a trans-
position of names, disembarrassed a sacred college
of its constitutional difficulties; but it required
Athenian ingenuity to contrive an expedient so
delicate an<". intellectual. Nothing so refined and
spiritual can be expected in these prosaic and mo.
ney-making times, and in this country, where so
much of the genius of ihe age is directed to the
literature of banking, and to the accurate descrip-
tions of the alternate '-tightness" and "looseness" of
the money market. We can expect nothing like
Athenian wit here. The nearest approach tliat I
have seen to it was in this enlightened chamber,
and en a recent occasion, when a division of the
public money among ihe States being admitted to
be unconstitutional undert he word distribute, that
word was gently deposed, and the word deposite en-
throned in its place; after which the division of
the money took place in the same manner as if the
change of words had not been made.
I repeat, Mr. President, we are not to expect
Athenian wit in our attempts to get r d of constitu-
tional difficulties.    Compared to  their refined and
spiritual inventions, our contrivances must appear
coarse and bungling; and such, in fact, in too many
instances, they have actually been. We have often
bungled most clumsily in our attempts to circum-
vent our Constitution, and we can expect no better
in future; and, of all the rude attempts of this kind
which I have witnessed, none are more awkward
and clumsy than that of undertaking to substitute a
distribution of the land revenue among the States,
for a distribution of the revenue generally, or for an
open assumption of the State debts. It is all the same
thing, and all ends in the same result. Sir, this whole
scheme of dividing the public land revenue among
the States is an indirect assumption of their debts.
It is disguised assumption; and it is only another
move on the chessboard of that distribution policy
which has haunted our councils for so many years,
in such a variety of forms, and which foand its
first success in the passage of the act to deposite the
surplus revenue, as it was called, with the States of
the Union.
The scheme which now occupies the capitalists,
bankers, and stockjobbers of London, Parrs, Am-
sterdam, Philadelphia, and New York, to obtain
from the Federal Government the assumption, or a
provision for the payment of the State debts, is the
natural offspring of t he distribution policy which
infested this chamber for fourteen years, and finally
succeeded, in the form of a deposite of surplus re-
venue with the State?. In company with a small
minority of half a dozen Senators, I made head
against distribution in the disguise of a deposite,
and delivered the history of the transaction, on the
passage of the act, as accurately a* it can be writ-
ten now.   I then said:
"At the end of some year , the nominal transaction trill be
rescinded; the certificates will all be cancelled >>y one gene-
ralj harmonious, unanimous vote in Congress. The dis-
guise of a deposite, like the mask after a play, will be thrown
aside, and the delivery of the money will turn out to be, what
it is now intended to be, a gift fr.om the beginning. This
will be (he end of the first chapter."
This is what I said on Friday, the 18th day of
Jane, 1836, the day on which the deposite act
passed—dies infaustus, as the Romans would call
it—unhappy day which witnessed the immolation
of the Constitution, and the consummation of a po-
licy big wiih the fate of this federative Union. I
then said the nominal transaction ef a deposite
would be rescinded; the month of September,
1837, saw it rescinded. The deposite has become
in form what it was from the beginning in sub-
stance—a gift of the money; and this conclusion is,
what I called in my speech against it; the end of
the first chapter. Assumption is the beginning ef
the second one; and here I am, standing en my
old ground, to make head against the offspring of
the measure which I oppoied, in its seminal princi-
ple, fourteen years ago, and have continued op-
posing it ever since in all its successive stages, and
in all its modifications of form.
I come at once to the point, and say that dis-
guised assumption, in the shape of land revenue
distribution, is the form in which we shall have to
meet the danger; and I meet it at once in that dis-
guise. I say there is no authority in the Constitu-
tion to raise money from any branch of the re-
venue for distribution among the Slates, or to
distribute that which hail been raised for other pur-
poses. The power of Congress to raise money is
not unlimited, and arbitrary, but restricted, and
directed to ths national objects named in the Con-
stitution. The means, th« amount, and the arpli-
cation, are all limited. The means are direct taxes
—duties on imports—and the public lands; the o-q
jects are the support of the Government—the com-
m< n defence—and the payment of,the debts of tho
Union; the amount to be raised is of course limited
to the amount required for the aecomplishment
of these objects. Consonant to the words and ihe
spirit of ihs Constitution, is the title, the preamble
and ihe tenor of all the early statutes for raising mo-
ney; they all declare the object for which the money
is wanted; they declare the object at the head
of the act. Whether it be a loan, a direct tax, or a
duty on imports, the object of the loan, the tax, or
the duty, is stated in the preamble to the act; Con-
gress thus excusing and justifying themselves for
the demand in the very act of making it, and tell-
ing the people plainly what they wanted with the
money. This was the way in all the early statutes;
the books are full of examples; and it was only
after money began to be levied for objects not
known to the Constitution, that this laudable and
ancient practice was dropped. Among the enume-
rated objects for which money can be raised by
Congress, is that of paying the debts of the Union;
and is it not a manifest absurdity to suppose that,
while it requires an express grant o( power to ena-
ble us to pay the debts of the Union, we can pay
those of the States by implication and by indi-
rection?
Sir, our Constitution grew out of a want of mo-
ney; it grew out of the want of money for general
and national purposes; and it contains no grant of
power in relation to receipts and expenditures,
except to raise and expend it for such purposes.
I meet the danger in its disguise of distribution,
and repeat, there is no authority in the Constitu-
tion to raise money for distribution, or to distribute
that which had been raised for other purposes.
This results not only from the plain words of the
Constituiion, and the known purposes of forming
the Federal Union, but also from the.total silence
of the Constitution upon a rule of distribution.
There is a rale in the Constitution for raising mo-
ney—none for dividing it. The Constitution has
provided for the equality and uniformity of the
levy; there is no provision for the equality and
uniformity of a distribution: "Jill duties, imposts,
and excises, shall be uniform throughout the United
Stales. * * No capitation, or other direct tax, shall be
laid, unless in proportion to the census, or enumera-
tion herein before ordered to be take . * * .Ye  preference
shall be given, by «my regulation of commerce or re-
venue, to the ports of one Slate over another.n Such
are the injunctions of the Constitution in relation to
the levy of money; such its care to provide for
the uniformity and equality of the levy. But where
is the rule for distribution? And what becomes of
the equality of the levy, if that which is equally
levied is unequally partitioned cut? There is no
rule given for the partiiioners to go by; and that is
a proof, among the many others, that no partitions
of revenue—no partitions of any kind, money,
land, or other property—wa« ever intended to be
made. The framers of our Constitution were not
bunglers, but skilful workmen—they were not ap-
prentices, but master workmen. They did Bot
close up their work upon one side, and leave it
open upon the other. They did not commit the
absurd and egregious folly of permitting that to be
unequally divided which had been equally col-
lected. If they had contemplated divisions of mo-
ney or properly, they would have given the rule to
regulate them; not having done so, is clear proof
they never contemplated such a thing; and we all
know that any Constitution providing for such an
event would have been scouted and scorned by
every State in the Union.
No, sir; there is no rule in the Constitution for
the distribution of any thing—money, lands, or
goods. The framers of that instrument doubtless
looked for no division of its effects in the lifetime
of the Union. They doubtless expected the Union
to die first; and, as that was an event which they
intended to be remote, they made no provision for
the contingency even then. They did not provide
for the descent of the estate, much less for its parti-
tion in the lifetime of the owner. There is no ru.e
to divide by; and, consequently, every i« "' «
distribution has had to provide ■¡rule«f h«ow^
The Senator from New Je.sey, who b.ought in the
„,st bin for this p-n««.¿2 í¿;f hf Jíiíx
stitution in the case of direet taxes, ne wewa a*.
