88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono.." 1st Sess.
State Debis—Mr. Benton.
Jan. 1840.
Senate.
vide in the ratio of direct taxation. The land
bills which followed took Federal numbers, but
qualified with a preliminary distribution, of some-
times teo, and sometimes twelve per cent, to the
new States. The deposite bill, differing from all
these, took the vote of the States for President, and
gave them shares of the money in proportion to the
number of their Presidential votes. Such was the
diversity among the bills Finally, the rule agreed
upon was such as found its sanction in the will of
the majority for the time being. The will of the
actual majority fixed it; and the principle which
regulated that will was the acquisition of the pre-
eise number of votes which was necessary to carry
the bill. That was the rule they went by—acqui-
sition of votes enough to pass the bill. This ac-
quis tion was either seductive or coercive. An in-
crease of the distributive share was allowed to
some, and their support was thus conciliated; the
favorite bills of others, such as the graduation and
pre-emption bills, and others for the benefit of par-
ticular Stales, ware seized upon and crammed into
the distribution bills, and their authors thus com-
pelled to support them in these bills, or to vote
against their own measures. This we have seen;
this Senate has seen it; and we have seen the ra-
tio for dividing the ¡-pail become the subject of
huckstering arrangement on this door, and altered
and changed in the face of the Senate, until the
requisite number of votes could be conciliated, or
coerced, to pass the bill through.
Dut it is contended thai the land revenne stand*
upon a different footing from the custom-house, or
direct tax revenue; and that Congress may do with
one what it cannot do with the other. This is a
fallacy and absurdity which will not bear the touch
of inquiry. There is no more rule for dividing
landrevenoe than any other revenue; and there is
no difference in law, or in fact, between the diffe-
rent branches of the public income. When the
land is sold, the money received is revenue, and is
Federal revenue, and is in the Federal Treasury,
and cannot be taken from that Treasury, except by
an appropriation law; and that appropriation law
is nothing more nor less than the application of so
much money to some constitutional object. The
appropriation law takes what it finds in the Trea-
sury. No law of Congress can discriminate be-
tween the different receipts; no human touch can
tell what dollars were received for lands, and what
for customs and direct taxes. The discrimination
is impossible as a mere matter of fact; it is uncon-
stitutional as a matter of law; it would be a mocke-
ry if inserted in the law. Distributions are not ep-
ptnditwes, neither in common parlanct, nor in
the meaning of our Constitution; and no money
can be drawn from our Treasury except for an ex-
penditure.
The clause on which the distributionists relied,
and in which the assnmptionists must follow them,
is mat in which Congress is author zed "to dispose
of the territory and other property of the United States  
The power ef disposition is granted; bat it is only
fer national purposes—for objects known to the
Constitution—that Congress can dispose of this ter-
ritory and of this property.   Congress received it
for national purposes, of which the first was to pay
the debts of the Union.   The early legislation of
Congress declared this intent by pledging the lands
to the redemption of the debt, and constituting the
whole of the revenue receivable from it a part of
the sinking fund for that object.   The public lands
have never fulfilled this destination.   They have
never paid the public debt, nor a shilling of it—not
even its interest, or one shilling of  its interest.
They have been so managed, by waiting for infe-
rior land to rise to the price of the fir*t quality, tba't
they have not met the expenses   of   purchases
and management.   Instead  of paying  any part
of  the   public   debt,   they    are  themselves   in
debt   to   the   custom-house revenue   for money
taken from that source to assist in their acquisition
and management.   The public lands have cost the
United States one hundred  and twelve millions
of dollars; they have  brought into the Treasury
one hundred and four millions; and of that sum
twenty-eight millions have been distributed among
the States under the deposite act.    Deducting this
amount, and tfaey lack thirty-six millions of paying
for themselves. They aie in debt that amount to
the customs; and the whole burden of the public
debt has teen thrown upon the customs also. The
lands, by being held up at a fixed price, the bad
and the good all at the si'.me rate, have been so
little productive as not ever.' to pay for their pur-
chase and management. Ihe custom-house re-
venue has borne all the burthens; and to make it do
so, enormous has been the sum obtained from it.
Few people have an idea of the enormity of this
sum, and that it amounts to sevea hundred and
thirty-one millions of dollars; and that after paying
its own expenses. Seven hundred and thirty-one
millions is the clear revenue from customs; and of
that amount, no less than four hundred and thirty
millions have gone to the public debt, Treasury
notes inclusive, and its interest. Here is a table
which exhibits the annual receipts of the Govern-
ment irom lands and customs, and the annual pay-
ments on account of the public debt, and purchases
of land, and which verifies the statement which I
have made.
This is the table in detail, (showing a large
sheet,) but 1 only state the gross amounts under
each head.   They are:
For principal and interest of the public
debt        .... $421,496,000
Receipts from customs        -          -   731,235,000
Receipts from lands           -          -   104,000,000
Purchase of lands   -                           112,000,000
Three great errors, Mr. President, prevail in re-
lation to the public lands; two of them errors of
fact, one an error of constitutional law. They are
fundamental errors, and lead to all the erroneous
notions, and to all the erroneous movements which
are now taking place, in Congress and elsewheie,
in relation to the disposition of the public domain.
These errors are, first, in supposing that the terri-
torial cessions of the States were gifts of the soil to
the Federal Government; secondly, in supposing
that the cessions so made have fulfilled their desti-
nation in paying off the public debt; thirdly, in
supposing that Congress is free from any constitu-
tional restraint in disposing of these lands. These
are radical and fundamental errors, leading to er-
roneous action in legislation; and they deserve the
clear exposure which will utterly explode them.
So far as fulfilling their destination in the payment
of the public debt is concerned, that error is fully
exploded. It has already been shown by authen-
tic tables that the customs paid the public debt;
that they both supported the Government, and paid
the national debt; that the lands, in fact, have an-
swered no part of their destination, not even hav-
ing paid the expenses of their own acquisition and
management. This makes that error clear the
other two shall be as fully cleared up.
These are great points in the case, and I mean to
make them clear both in the fact ami in the argu
ment. It is an error to say that th'se lands, any
pat t of them, were donations to the Federal Go-
vernment—that they were gifts from the States.
This is what is commonly said, but it is a mistake,
and an error of fact; and upon this error the whole
argument of the distributionists, and their offspring,
the assumptionLsts, has been built up. The United
States have purchased all the lands they hold.
They have paid the money, and agreatpiice in
money for them. No gifts, no donations, no gra-
tuitous cessions of lands have been made to this
Government; but with money from her Treisury
has the bought and paid for the who'e; and paid
out for them more than they have yet paid back.
This is my assertion, and here is the proof:
Purchase of Louisiana        -           -   #15,000,000
Interest paid thereon           -           -       6,329,353
Purchase of Florida           -          -       5,000,000
Interest thereon       ...       1,490,000
Paid to Georgia      -                              1,250,000
Same purchase in Mississippi stock         1,832,000
Extinguishing Indian titles -           -     72,000,000
Survey of public lands       -           -       3,250,000
Salaries   and  expenditures   in   the
General Land Office        -          -       1,250,000
Land offices and officers      -           -       3,300,000
$112,691,353
This is the purchase money paid; and it is all
that I propose to count in this aisument; fur it is
sufficient for the argument, though not ail that be-
longs lo the argument. The value of ether lands
given in exchange, and the cost of getting posses-
sion, both belong to the argument, and IV r exceed
in amount the totality of the purchase money paid.
Thus Florida cost, in money, $6,480,000; but to
this must be added Texas proper, and the country
between the Red river and Arkansas which was
given in exchange, and the cost of getting posses-
sion of Florida, which already three times exceeds
the price of the country, and the possession not yet
obtained. So of other purchases upon a smaller
scale.
The whole amount of money received from the
sales of lands, as I have shown heretofore, is but
one hundred and four millions of dollars; so that
here is a clear deficiency of eight millions of dollars
under the head of paying for themselves. Add to
this the twenty-eight millions distributed anions: the
States, and the deficiency is thirty-six millions.
And if to this we should still add, as we fairly
might, the value of the lands given in exchange to 
Sp.iin and the Indians, and the cost of getting pos-
session of our purchases after we had made their);,
and the deficiency is many hundreds of millions,.
But I limit the argument to the sums paid out lor
purchases, and received back for sales.
Thus the lands are proved to have answered no
part of their destination—to have paid no part of
the public debt—not even to have defrayed the ex-
penses of their own acquisition and mau?gement—
and that tbey are at this timé largely in debt to the
customs. This is a charge upon them which they
ought to pay; and it constitutes a strong objection
o their alienation from Federal, and application to
local, purposes. It is a strong objection, but noj
the strongest, to this alienation. A far stronger
one is found in the fact that all the lands held by
the United States have been purchased; that they
are PURCHASES, and not GIFTS; and have all
been acquired by giving money for them. Now it
is agreed that this money ceuld not have been di-
vided among the States before it was given tor the
land; and if so, is it possible that we can effect the
division after it has been given fer land by the simple
process of reconverting the land into monej? If
so, then have we found out a most facile and flexi-
ble method of getting rid of Constitutional ob-
structions !
In round numbers the sum of one hundred and
twelve millions have been paid for the pub:ic
lands, and the largest part of that sum for ihos^
which are called donations. To the Ind ans there
have been paid seventy-two millions of dollars,
and this to extinguish their titles to the lands pre-
stnted by the States to the Federal Government;
and this independent of the annuities yet to be paid,
and which represent a capital of several millions.
These Indian purchases have cost far more than
Louisiana and Florida put together. They result
from the cessions of the States—cassions which
have generally been treated rs donations of the
land, when they were nothing but a transfer of the
right to purchase them from the Indians. The
States did not own the soil; the Indians were the
acknowledged owners. All that the States claimed
in the soil was the right of purchase from th  In-
dians, and that right they ceded to the United
States. Some States would not cede that right, as
Massachusetts and Connecicut; and these have
held on to the soil, and have sold, o  are selling it,
for their own advantage. Massachusetts and
Maine now derive an annual income from the sale
of their lands. Connecticut has received a large
sum from hers. It was Virginia and Geor-
gia that made the largest and most effective
cessions, which ceded the right of purchase to
the most extensive territories; and dearly enough
has the United Slates paid for the privilege of buy-
ing the Indian titles to what they ceded. Almost
the whole of the seventy-two millions paid to
Indians has gone for the extinction of their titles
to the Virginia and Georgia cessions; a mere frag-
ment of it has gone to the Indians of Florida and
Louisiana. The Indians of the Southern States,
and of the Northern "West, have received almost
Ihe whole; and besides this, Georgia received in
money and Mississippi land scrip $3,082,000 for
