90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cons...«1st Sess.
• Stale Debts—Mr. Benton.
Jan. 1840.
Senate.
fining my remarks to the amount which appears in
the tables of Mr. Flagg, and it is seen that this
large amount of one hundred and seventy millions
of do lars of debt was found in the States of Maine,
Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Mary-
land, Vugnia, South Carolina, Alabama,
Louisiana, Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana,
Hunos, Missouri, Mississippi, Arkansas, ami
Michigan. Eight of the States of the Union,
namely, New Hampshire, "Vermont, Rhode Island,
Cmnect'cut, New Jersey, Delaware, Not th Caro-
lina, and Georgia, enjoy the proud and enviable
distinction of not finding their names on the in-
debted list. Maine and Missouri are only nomi-
nally on the unhappy l^t, the former having created
but hall a million of debt, and the latter having
tent out her bt nds too late to be sold, and a good
portion of thsni remaining yet in the power of the
Sae torecal and cancel. Sixteen may be taken
then as the number of ihe indebted States, and 170
m 1 ions the amount which they owe; but of these
sxteen, only thirteen are involved in the species of
debt now proposed to be provided for, namely, the
internal improvement debt
We now take up the tables of Mr. Flag?.
The objects to which these 170 millions are appli-
cable, and the amount for each object, are thf se:
For banking          -          -          -    $52,6-10,000
F,r canals-          ...      60,201,551
For railroads         -          -          -     42 871,084
F. r turnpikes and McAdam roads -       0,618 953
Fur miscellaneous objects  -          -        8,474,634
The j roportions among the different Sutes are:
Maine
Massachusetts
New York
Pennsylvania
Marj'and -
Virginia    -
South Carolina
Alabama   -
Louisiana -
Tennessee -
Kentucky -
Ohio
Indiana
llhr.o's
Missouri   -
M <.si*sippi
Arkansas  -
Michigan   -
-  #554,976 00
-  4,200,000 00
- 18,262,406 84
- 27,306 790 00
-11,492,980 73
-  6,662,039 00
-  5 753,270 12
- 10,800,000 00
- 23,735,000 00
-  7,148,166 66
-  7,360,000 00
-  6.101,000 00
-11,890,000 00
- 11,600,000 00
-  2,500,000 00
-  7,000,000 00
-  3 000,000 00
-  5,340,000 60
The de ail of the debt, with the amount mcur-
r >d by each S,ate, for each object, is this:

2
XT
a, £
'=■3
i £.3 £•= a ■
Op 3
S     &•
*
W
H
>
H
w
CO ÍS.T3 JOJ^ CO >~.CO_tO
J3,

m
■^ —'
i jo a
*cno>

JO
JO
^W COJO J**
«ft
' '.SSsSS'
8   8     883SS
5 ¡¿O
1 o

-   jo                          jo
,—,—      ,0.          CO              en
'"'i!' 5 jS ' 8 • ' j£ ' ' ' jS '
£
Ii Ii
jo
3SSÍ
„tocot
O           0(DC
<    I
!'_88
H
o
J       jp O CTj5 O © 00 O O O — W NJ ÍC *J0_^JO
The proportionate jncrese of the whole debt, in
!TH
o o
e  
OB   Z2
C(
succes.ive periods of five years and three years,
from 1820 to 1838, is this:
From 1820 to 1825,                     $12,790,728
1825 to 1830,                       13,679,689
1830 to 1835,                       40,002,769
1835 to 1838, (siy 34 yrs.) 108,223,808
Such   are   the   amounts, and the distribution
among States and objects, and the progressive in-
crease of ihese State deb's.     Having seen these
particu'ara—having viewed ihe debt in its gioss
and in it* detail—the next thing I  propose to ex-
amine is to see what the States received in return
for such enormous liabilities: what it is that repre-
sents these debts now at home; and what Ihe debts
themselves are worth in the stock market of fo-
reign countr.es.   And here I ran say in grief, and
with sorrow, that almost the whole amount of
what the States received was British dry goods—
mere British dry goods—not even grocer es.   I say
it with grief, and wih sorrow, that almost the
whole amount of what the sixteen States received
for their sterling bonds, bearing a sterling inteiest
which will not be less than ten per cent, to the peo-
ple who pay it, was Bn ish dry goods, which have
been sold for papT money to construct roads and
canal;, and to build up paper system banks.  This
is what we have got for 170,000,000 of sterling
debt.   The prcess was about this: The bonds
were sold for bank credits in Europe or the Atlan-
tic cit e~; bills of exchange were drawn upon these
credits in favor of merchants who took up the
amount in dry goods; the bi Is of exchange were
paid for by the men nan's in paper money; and
this paper money, after some time, returned to  the
banks from whnh it came.   Thus, the whole ope-
ration was a circle of paper, going round and round
in paper, and ending in its  own extinction, and
never emerging from the paper circle but once, and
then to effect importations of British goods.    The
goods are worn out; the paper money has returned
to the place from whence it came; the operatim is
over, and nothing remains of the transactions but
the 170,000,000 of debt, its devouring interest, and
the banks, canals and roads which represent it.
The whole of these banks have failed onee, and
most of them twice, in two years; the greater part
of the roads and canals are unfinished, and of
those finished several  are   unproductive.    And
this   is   the   history   of   the    Stale   debts,   the
burthen    of    whidi    it   is   now    proposed    to
ca«t upon the shoulders of the Federal Govern-
ment.   Bit the whole of the^e debts are not even
the direct debt of the State, but a security debt in-
curred for companies coiporatiors, and  indivi-
duals to whom the Sate credit, ihat is to say, the
State bonds, have been lent to enable them to bni d
banks, and make improvements, rr engage in some
speculative undertaking, for which  they had no
mean? of their own.   A part of the State debt is in
this form; and that part bicornes doubly objec-
tionable to me from its intrinsic unworthiness, and
inherent vitiousness.   I have yet to discover, in the
Constitutions of such of the States as I have ex-
amined for the purpose, the power by which the
Legis ature undertakes to lend the credit of the
State, that is to say, the labor and property of the
people, to companies, corporations, and individuals,
for their private advantage, and to make the com-
munity stand security for the success of their un-
dertakings.   I question the power in the States; I
d?ny it where the authority cannot be shown; and
I utterly deny it in the Congress of the United
States.   As to the wisdom of such loans and secu-
rityship, that may be seen in many instances, and
especially in some Southern banks, and above all,
in a certain railroad project m Florida, where the
Legislative Council first granted a charter for the
road, and then furnished the bonds to build it, and
wherein the corporators sold the bonds in Europe
for iron, then obtained a remission of the duties
from Congress, then sold the iron on their own ac-
count, and afterwards demanded more bonds for
the commencement of the road.   This, though an
extreme case, is not the only instance which time
will develope of the improvidence of such loans
and securhyships.   Like many other lenders, the
State may lose; like many other endorsers, she may
have to pay.   The undertaking may fail in many
instances; and a wasteful prodigality in spending
*
the money so obtained must be expected in all.
Yet these constitute a part of the State debts for
the payment of which Congress will be called on
te provide.
Such are Ihe representatives of the State debt?.
These are- what the State? have ica'ized in ex-
change for their sleiling bonds and sterling interest.
The best of the banks are doing but little; the bet
of the roads and canals are hardly payitg repairs,
management, and interest.   The masi of these in-
stitutions and works may be thus character z d:
Barren   banks,   which   cannot lend;   suspend <d
banks, which will not pay; broken banks, w hich
cannot pay; unfinished roads and canals, wh'ch are
useless; finished ones, which are either bringing
their owners in debt, or barely paying the expense
of repa rs, the cost cf managemeiit, and interest
upon the outlay.   This is their condition.   Th°ir
value at home is shown by the thermometer of ihe
stock market,  where  they range at all the degrees
below par, down to the fieezing point of zrro.    In
Europe, although backed by  the credit of Siat s,
they rate from one-half to three-fourths ofthfir
nominal value; and this is the stock which tie Fe-
deral Government is to be called up 3n to raise to
par, or above it, for the benefit of the holders in
Europe, while the representatives of this suck m
America—the banks, ihe r> ads, and the canals—
are to remain as they are, or to be galvanized m'o
a new fit of ephemeral animation, by the battery of
new debts, contracted abroad.   It is for this that
the assumption is to be claimed—no, not the a -
sumption—that word will not be used here.   The
pen of Mr. Jefferson has stamped upon it an ím-
mortalitv of infamy, and it will not be repea ed
here.   The public lands will be invoked fir that
purpose^ and, by this indirection, the nai>na! do-
main will virtually be presented as a gift to the
capitalists of Europe; and not to the cap Uli-U
enly, but to the stockjobbing fry also—that p s'.i-
lential spawn of the funding and paper systems—
which, having so often mastered the Parliament of
Great Britain, are next to try their hand on the
Congress of the United States.   A diversion of the
national domain to the payment of these debts,
would immediately raise them far above par—
would be a present of 50 or 60 cents on the dollar,
and of 50 or 60 millions in the gross—to the fo-
reign holders, and, virtually, a pre.-ent of so much
public land to them.   It is in vain for the bill to
say ihat the proceeds of the lands are to be divided
among the Slates. The indebted States will de'iver
their portion to their crediors; they will send it to
Europe; they will be nothing but the Rece vers
General and the Sub-Treasaren of the bankers and
s'ockjebbers of London, Paris and of Amsterdam.
The proceeds of the tales of the lands will go to
them.   The hard money, wrung from the hard
hand of the West rn cultivator, will go to tlesi fo-
reigners; and the whole influence of th se foreign-
ers will be immediately directed to the enhance-
ment of the price of our pubLc lands, and to the
prevention of the passage of all the laws wh ch go
to graduate their price, or to grant pre-emptive
rights to the settlers.
L°t ns now take a rapid view of the evils of thii
assumption, disguised as it may be with ihe cloak
of the national domain revenue for distribution, or
with the drapery of a surplus revenue for division,
or deposite, among the States. I have already
grouped into a single assemblage of features the
more prominent and palpable of these evil's, and
shall not stop to dilate minutely upon then now.
The bare presentation of the picture is enough to
fill the mind with the most painful and disquieting
apprehensions. What more revolting than to con<
pel the non-indebted States to incur burthens for
others which they have refused to incur for them,
selves? What more shocking than this? Yet such
is the proposition, disguise it as you may, which is
to be brought before us. Fourteen cf the States
only are indebted for internal improvements; for
four of those whose name* are on the indebted lrt
owe nothing on that head. Maine, Missouri,
Mississippi, and Arkansas, owe nothing for roads
and canals, to which Louisiana might be added;
for ihe owes but a trifle on that h ad, liitle more
than half a million of dollars. Here, then, are
thirteen Sta'ts which are in dett for internal im-
