Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-W-
91
26th Cono«« 1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
provements, the only kind of debts mm proposed
to be provided for, and thirteen which are not; and
t c proposition will be to make them all even by
pluniin* the whole into tbe same dfgree of debt,
ft would be rather too monstrous to require the
thineen non-indebted to assume the one-half of ,
the debts of the other thirteen. That would be
rather outrageous. A diiferent turn must, there-
fore, be given to the scheme; and the non-indebted
States seduced into debt to an equal amount with
the other?, and then the whole of the States made
payma ter for the whole of the debts. This is'the
finí scheme which is now to occupy usyand a na-
tional debt of three hundred millions crea'ed at
once (tor that is the sum computed to be wanting)
to equalize the condition of the States in point of
indebtedness. That which is now one hundred
millions on thirteen of the States, is to be made
three hundred millions on tbe whole; and these
three hundred millions are to constitute the starting
point of a new national debt, and the kernel of the
new National Bank. Truly, we are but at the
commencement of the "credit system."
What can be more obvious than that diversion of
the land revenue from national to State purposes,
will cieate a necessity for loans, or taxes, or issues
of Treasury notes, to supply the place of the funds
so diveited? The lands now produce six or seven
millions annually, and, with a reduction of price,
will produce an increased sum to meet the deficien-
cies of the custom-house revenue in the two last
years of the compromise, which are now at hand.
Both lands and customs barely meet the demands
of the Government at this time; what then must
bathe state of the revenue in 1841 and 1843, if
thrown exclusively upon the customs, then under-
going the¡r last reduction, and sunk to an ad valo-
rem duiy of 20 per cent? Doubtless the revival
of a heavy tariff must ensu?; and this is so obvious
to every observer, that it must be assumed to be
one of the objects of diverting the land revenue
from Federal to State purposes.
What can be more demoralizing, more ruinous,
and more destructive, not only to oar Federal po-
litical system, but to the social and moral system
itself, than to allow the States to create debts for
their own purposes, and then club together and
throw the payment of these debts on the Federal
Government? What more fatal than this? Tbe
restraint upon the creation of debt is the obliga-
tion to pay it. Remove that restiaint—separate
the characters of contractor and payer—and all
the barriers of economy, moderation and safety are
broken down. Tbe States are stimulated into
debts which the Union is to pay; and the precedent
once set, must be rapidly followed up by new debts
en the part of the States, and new assumptions
on the part of the Union. We begin with provid-
ing for internal improvement debts; quickly those
incurred for banks are added. Then fellow all
those contracted for "other purpose*," even the se-
curity debts incurred by loans of credit to compa-
nies, corporations, and individuals, no matter how
unwisely incurred, how extravagantly applied, and
how wastefully squandered.
Touch these State debts in any way, no matter
how—put your hand to the work in any form that
you please—and from that moment you are in for
the whole; from that moment yon assume the ulti-
mate payment. Thus it was with tbe debt of this
District, incurred for the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal. We passed an act in 1838, to enable the
District to borrow tbe money. The sagacious men
of this body—Mr. Macon, Mr. Van Buren, and
others—opposed the act, upon tbe ground that the
agent of the District would go abroad with that act
in his hand, and show it to foreign capitalists; and
although it contained no promise on our part to
guaranty the payment, yet the United States would
become involved in the transaction, and ultimately
nave to pay it all; and thus it happened. That
.interest,  and all, is now assumed by the
debt.
United States. I was one of the few who opposed
it, thanks to my association with Macon and Ran-
do ph, from whom I learnt my leading principles in
Political economy. I opposed that act, giving
authority to this District to borrow meney for the
canal, on the ground that it would involve us in
me transaction, and ultimately make us liable for
the whole; and now 1 oppose any connection, dis-
guised as it may be, with the State debts, on the
same ground.   Touch them, and we embrace them;
put our finger to the work, and the should-rs fol-
low; give them the proceeds of the public lands, and
from that   moment   you  have given the whole
revenues and the whole credit of the United States.
You have given all,in giving any thing; for all the
rest  would follow.    Custom-house revenue and
Treasury notes would soon be called in to supply
the deficiency of the land revenue; and new deb's
would swallow up the whole resources of  the
Un:on.
What more unwise and more unjust than to
ontract debts on long time, as some of tbe States
have done, thereby invading the rights and mort
gaging the resources of posterity, and loading un-
born generations with debts not their own?   What
more unwise than all this, which several of the
States have done, and which the effort now is to
make all do?   Besides the ultimate butthen in the
shape of final payment, which is intended to fall
upon posterity, the present burthen is incessant in
the shape of annual interest, and falling upon each
generation, equals the principal in every periodical
return of ten or a dozen years.   Few have calcu-
lated the devouring effect of annual interest on
public debts, and considered how soon it exreeds
the principal.   Who supposes that we have paid
Bear three hundred millions of interest on our late
national  debt, the   principal   of   which   never
rose higher than one hundred and twenty-seven
millions, and remained but a year or two at that?
Who supposes this?   Yet it is a fact that we have
paid four hundred and thirty-one millions for prin-
cipal and interest of that debt; so that near three
! hundred millions, or near double the maximum
amount of the debt itself, must have  been paid in
interest alone; and ih<s at a moderate interest va-
rying from three to six per cent, and payable at
home. Some of the States, on the contrary, engage
to pay six or seven per cent, in London, which
must require a levy of nine or ten per cent from
their citizens to raise and remit to the place of pay-
ment.   Tbe States counted on seeing this interest
paid, aad the debt itself ultimately redeemed, by
the profits of the banks, the roa Is, canals, and
jobbing companies, and projectors, for which and
for whom they were contracted.   Vain and illu-
sory expectation!   A few of the works may yield
a   profit,    and   realize   the   calculation   made
upon   them;   but   as   to   the   mass   of   these
undertakings,  they mast  sink   upon   the bands
of   the   States.     As  to  the   banks,  most   of
them  must  rot  down  on their foundations be-
fore the   bonds   are due upon which they were
built; and as to the jobbers and projectors to whom
the State credit was lent, most of them, when they
have squandered the money for which the bonds
we.e sold, will quietly leave the State to pay both
principal and interest.   Such is the improvidence
of lending State credit, and contracting debts upon
longtime, and throwing their payment upon un-
born generations.   And this is what sixteen of our
States have been doing, and what it is proposed to
make tbe whole twenty-six now do.   The British
national debt owes its existence entirely to this
policy.   It was but a trifle in the beginning of the
last century, and might have been easily paid dur-
ing the reigns of the first and second George; but
the policy was to fond it, that is to say, to pay the
interest annually, and send down the principal to
posterity; and the fruit of that policy is now seen
in a debt of four thousand five hundred mil ions
of dollars, two hundred and fifty millions of an-
nual taxes, with some millions of people without
bread, while an army, a navy, and a police, suffi-
cient to fight all Europe, is kept under pay, to hold
in check  and subordination the   oppressed  and
plundered ranks, of their own population.   And
this is tbe example which the transferrers of the
State debt would have us to imitate, and this the
end to which they would bring us!
What c*n be more plain than that, in providing
for these debts of the States, we beget a spirit
which must constantly cater for the means of new
distributions, by keeping down necessary appropria-
tions, and keeping up unnecessary taxes? Of this
we have experience for   our instruction, as well
as theory for our guide. The land distribution
bills a few years ego, and the deposite bill of 1836,
begat such a spirit in C.mgress, that all the forufi-
cat.on bills wtre lost for several years, and one
of them acualiy sunk betweui the Houses, after
passing the S«na'e, hy having a new depos ¡e bill
fa tened upon it; and a bill for the repeal of three
millions of dollars of taxes, including the salt tax,
was also lost, wiiile the complaint of the Treasury
was an excessive revenue, and a suiplus for which
there was no use!
Who cannot see that the diveislon of the land
revenue from the Federal Treasury is to be at-
tended with the immediate revival of the high pro-
tective tariff, falling unequally on different parts
of the Union, and most hea\ ily on the planting,
grain growing, and provision raising S ates? and
who dees not see that the revival of that tariff is to
give the highest discontent to the cverburthened
parts of the Union, and excite in their bosoms
a deep and just degree of dissatisfaction?
Who so blind as not to see the disastrous conse-
quences of bringing the States to the loois'ool of
the Federal Government, to receive suppl es from
the public Treasury? Wasteful extravagance in
their expenses, with ultimate abject dependence on
the Federal head, with consolidation in us train, is
one alternative of the consequences which presents
itself; annihilation of the Federal bead, by the loss
of its revenues and property, which might be de-
voured by the States, is the other alternative of the
same disastrous consequences. It may be a ques-
tion which would occur—whether the States would
be swallowed up by the Federal head, or whether
the Federal head would be devoured by the Slates;
most probably ihe latter; but one of them inevita-
bly; and the result would be the same to our pre-
sent frame of Government, be it which it might.
We have enccuntered and surmounted many dan-
gers; we have gone through many perils which
tried the strength of our federative system; but of
all the dangers we have surmounted, of all the
trials we have gone through, there are none, in my
opinion, which can compare with the perilous ex-
periment of supplying the States out of the Federal
Treasury.
Who dees not see the new and fearful impulse
which the assumption of the State debts, or a pro-
vision for their payment out of the general funds,
must give to the delusive and destructive career of
the paper system? Already in a state of fiightful
overaction, the votaries of that system deem no-
thing done while the Federal Government is free
from its vortex. With nine bundled banks to
emit paper money; with six hundred millions of
authorized bank capital; with more t\an one thou-
sand millions of stocks of ail sorts; «ilh five hun-
dred banks in a state of suspension; wiih one hun-
dred millions of depreciated bank paper, including
post notes; with two hundred millions borrowed by
eighteen States from Europe; with twenty-eight *
millions received on deposite from the United
State;; with a mammoth bank of thirty-five mil-
lions, chartered for thirty years, the identical per-
sonification of the credit system, with its two
bankruptcies in two years, its first duty to foreign-
ers and its last to its own country, exporting ship
loads of specie to these foreigners while refusing
shillings to those who chartered it; with all this we
are still at the commencement of the paper credit
system. A national debt and a national bank are
Ihe two pillars of "that system; and to obtain that
debt and that bank is now the main object of
pressing the State debts upon the Federal Govern-
ment. Let that object te accomplished; let a new
national debt be created] and the new national
bank grow out of it, and the credit system will
quickly produce the fruits here which it has already
borne in England, and whpre, in less than a cen-
tury and a half, it has raised a national debt from
twenty-one millions five hundred and fifteen thou-
sand seven hundred and forty-two pounds thirteen
shillings eight pence and two faithings, to nine
hundred millions sterling; the annual taxes irom
four millions to forty-five millions ste,1ín8' ^
National Bank frera one million «*° * -*««
thousand pounds, to fourteen  ,1J B.S! "^ " *
consequ.nce of the whole, has filled the country
