92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
Senate.
26th CowG'—Ist Skss
Stale Debts—Mr. Benton.
with millionaries and beggars, with palaces and
poorhouses. Give the credit system the new im-
pulse which it seeks here, and it will soon supply
our America with the fruiis which it has borne in
England.
The effect of all this policy in begetting a pas-
sion for periodical distributions of land revenue, or
surplus revenue, or extensions of national credit,
•w.ll be to put the people of this Union into thai
road which the Romans entered when they com-
menced a distribution of grain from the public
granaries, and ended with putting up the consul-
ship to sale, and the diadem of empire to auction.
It is a passion which grows on what ii feeds, and
becomes insatiate in proportion to what it devours.
On this point we have the instruction of our recent
experience to guide us, as well as the suggestions
of an enlightened forecast to warn us.   I have
already said that assumption is the child of distri-
bution—the child of the projects and speeches for
the distribution of land revenue or rurplus revenue
—which have excited and tantalized the public
mind for so many years past.   I have ¡aid it was
this which stimulated the States into improvident
undertakings, rushed them headlong into heavy
dob's, and turned their eys upon the national do-
main, and the Federal Treasury, for succor and
relief from their premature burthens.    This is
what I have said; and now look at the proof in
the table of the progressive growth and increase of
the State debts which I have already mentioned to
you.   Here it is.   See it.   From  1820 to 1825,
when none of the di tribution schemes had been
thought of in Congress, the amount of State debt
incurred was only twelve mi'lions and three quar-
ters, in five years—barely two and a half millions
per annum—and this confined to the old and popu-
lous States, whrsJ resource* were adequate to their
undertakings, and whose means were equal to the
payment of their contracts.   In the next period of
five years, from 1825 to 1830, the increase of the
State debts was stLBi n the same slow and moderate
proportion, and confined to the same class of States.
Mr. Dickerson's  bill for the distribution of  the
surplus revenue was brought forward during this
period; but its ins-tant and peremptory condemna-
tion by the   Senate counteracted  its  influence,
and prevented it from having the least effect in
stimulating the expenditures of the States, or ex-
citing the spirit of speculation; and the State debts,
in these five years, only advanced thirteen and a
half millions of dollars; being still at the moderate
rate of little more than two and a half millions per
annum.   The third period from 1830 to 1835, was
filled with bills and speeches for the distribution of
land revenue, and majorities were found in both
Houses of Congress to countenance the projects,
and to inflame the passions which they engendered.
Then it was that speculation and State debt re-
ceived a powetful impulse, and the debts of the
States made the gigantic stride of forty millions in
five years; bsing at the rate of eight million- of
dollars per annum.   What was worse, some of the
young States began to be infected with the heresy
that Statedebts were State blessings, and rushed into
undertakings fot which they were not ripe, and for
which the credit system had to furnish the means.
The fourth period—for I still quote from the in-
valuable tables of Mr. Flagg—the fourth period
only embraced three years and a half, from 1835
to 1837, and a part of 1838; but it covered the pe-
riod of the cluster of bills for the distribution of the
surplus revenue, as it was called, the seductive
speeches in their favor, and the dazzling tables of
distributive shares, which then filled this chamber,
and which took the ultimate form of a deposite
with the States.     The State debts, in that delusive
period, advanced one hundred and eight millions of
dollars! counting the twentv-eight millions received
from the United States, and the total advance was one
hundred and thirty-eight millions! the progressive
rate of increase being closeon forty millions of dol-
lars per annum.    Tnis frightful career of debt in-
volved in its course even the youngest and weakest
States, and some of the Territories; and the result of
the whole was a larger debt contracted in that brief
period by about one-half of the States, than the
whole Union owed at the highest point of our na-
national debt for all its wars, and acquisitions of
territory—the Revolutionary war, the Louisiana
and Florida purchases, all inclusive!
This is what cams from stimulating the appetite
of the States for public distributions; this is what
came from turning their eyes upon the national do-
main and the Federal Treasury for the payment of
their debts. This is this fruit of our land bills, our
distribution bills, and our deposite bills; and this is
what I said would be their fruit, and a great deal
more, during the many years that, almost "solitary
and atone" 1 made head against them on this floor.
This being the result of our experience, what must
be the effest of now surrendering the national do-
main to the payment of the?e debts? Certainly to
start the States again in a new career of debts, to
excite them into extravagance, under the conviction
that they are not to pay, and to br ng them peri-
odically upon Congress, with fresh demands, until
the national d#main fhall be exhausted, the Fe-
deral Treasury emptied, and the credit of the Union
reduced to contempt.
I am willing to apeak as gently as possible of this deposite
act. I wrote its history in advance when I spoke against it at
the time of its passage—my friends, all except five, joined in
passing it. I denounced it as a disguised distribution, as a
mock evasion of the Constitution, and as a curse to the States
which were to commence the practice of receiving supplies
from the Federal Treasury. It is not my purpose to repeat
what I then said, by way oí self commendation, but it is perti-
nent and profitable at present to look to the actual effect of this
deposite act upon the States, how it inflamed some with the no-
tion of inexhaustible supplies from the Federal Government;
rushed them into debts for unnecessary, or unwise underta-
kings; engendered a spirit of wasteful extravagance; and, in-
stead of relieving the States from taxes, has largely augmented
thebutthen of taxation. The States, most of them, are, be-
yond all comparison, infinitely worse off now than they were
before they received their unfortunatedistribution from the Fe-
deral Government. So I declared it would be when the act
passed; so I declare it will be again, and worse, if we go on to
supply them out of the Federal Treasury. Their Telief is in
the resort to their own resources, and in the ECONOMY which
such a resort begets and enforres.
Such are the faint outlines of the misehiefs of this assump-
tion, disguised and covered up as it may be with the cloak «f
distribution, or deposito. They are frightful and appalling,
and must fill with apprehension the bosom of every friend to
the harmony and duration of this Federal Union. But, fright ful
as they are, there is still another feature to be added to the
picture, to increase its deformity, and to perfect its title to un-
mitigated horror and detestation. That feature is the crowning
mischief of foreign interference and foreign influence! Every
one knows that these State debts are due in Europe, where
they constitute a stock which is sold from hand to hand, and
which is greatly depreciated. The elevation of this stock to
par, or above, is an object of the first magnitude with the
present holders; and the way to elevate it is to extend its basis,
and make it the debt of the whole, instead of a part, of the
States. Many private letters arriving from Europe had sug-
gested this movement. Many agents, or emissaries, in the inte-
rest of the foreign holdeis, had suggested it here. The whole of
our citizens who visited Europe, especially those in public
station, were sounded and consulted about it. Finally, things
were ripe for a public revelation, and the authentic proposition
for the assumption appeared, emanating from one of the most
respectable banking houses in London, the head of which is the
present Chancellor of the British Exchequer, ¡;nd a peer of the
realm of Great Britain. The house is that of the weil known
Messrs. Baring, Brothers and Company, and the part of their
letter which particularly relates to the assumption is this:
"But if the whole scheme of internal improvements in the
Union is to be carried into effect on the vast scale, and with the
rapidity lately projected, and by the means of foreign capital, a
more compiehensive guarantee than that of individual States
Will be required to raise so large an amount in so short a time.
A national pledge would undoubtedly collect capital together
from all parts of Europe; bnt the forced sales of loans made
separately by hll the individual States in reckless competition,
through a number of channels, render the terms more and more
onerous for all, lower the reputation of American credit, and
(as reliance is almost exclusively placed on the London mar-
ket) produce temporary mi chiefhere, by absorbing the floating
capital, diverting money from regular business, deranging
banking operations, and producing an unnatural balance of
tiade against this country. It would seem, therefore, as if most
of the States must either pause in the execution of their works
of improvement, or some general system of combination must
be adopted."
Such are the terms of this important letter; very delicately
expressed, the proposition hypothetically predicated, and the
object handsomely veiled wiih the seductiveshow of an accom-
modation and favor to the United States. Nothing could be
more uttceptionable than the language in which these bankers
have brought forward their sóbeme; but it is for u-s to look at
the object distinctly, which they faintly disclose This object
is nothing more nor less than for the United States to become
bound, in any wav they please, for the payment of the debts
of the individual States. It is a great object with these bank-
en , and with the capitalists of London, Paris, and Amsterdam.
The debts are of great amount; they are greatly depreciated;
anil they are due from parties which present the anomaly of
being neither sutable nor coercible, though able to contiact,
and morally bound to comply with their contracts. The
sourcesofthe expected means of payment, namely, the profits
from banking, road making, and canal making, must fail with
many; and while eventual and full compliance with their bonds
may be expected from all, yet a literal and punctual discharge
of their obligations must fail on the part of some. Alt this is
known, se n, and felt in Europe: hence the, depreciation of the
stocks, and hence the natural desire to obtain the guarantee of
a party, less anomalous in character, more abundant in means
and more perfect in credit. The object is great; the party inter
ested in the application is powerful; success to them is worth
many ten millions of dollars; and to have success, they must
operate upon the public opinion, and upon the legislation of
this country. They must go to the press, to the elections, to t lie
State Legislatures, and to the Congress of the Union. They
must operate at all points, upon the individual citizens, and
upon the constituted authorities; and they must operate by the-
means, and the only means, known to the moneyed power.
Here then is a case of foreign interference in our affairs, and
of foreign influence in our councils, more dangerous to the
purity and stability of our inst;tutions, and more to be dreaded
by us, than the forcible invasion of our country by fore-tin
fleets andarmies. It is a case in which an ass, loaded withgufil,
s more to be dreaded than the war horse, whooe neck i¿
clothed with thunder.
I do not dilate upon the evils of a foreign influence. Thpy
are written upon the histoiical page of every free Govern.
ment, from the most ancient to the most modern; they are
among those most deeply dreaded, and most sedulously guard-
ed against by the founders of the Ametican Union. The Cor.
stitution itself contains a special canon directed against them.
To prevent the possibility of this foreign influence, every spe-
cies of foreign connection, dependence, or employment, is con-
stitutionally forbid to the whole listof our public functionalies.
The inhibition is express and fundamental, that "no persmi
holding any office of profit or tnist under the I foiled States
shall, without the consent of Congress, accept of any present,
emolument, office, or title, of any kind whatever, from any
king, prince, or foreign State." All this was to prevent any
foreign potentate from acquiring partisans or influence in our
Government—to prevent our own citizens from being seduced
into the interests of foreign powers. Yet, to what purpose all
these constitutional provisions against petty tovcreignlies, if
we are to invite the moneyed power which is able tt> subsidize
kings, princes, and potentates; if we are to invite this new and
master power into the bosom of our councils, give it an interest
in controlling public opinion, in directing Federal and State le-
gislation, and in filling our cities and seats of Government with
its insinuating agents, and its munificent and lavish representa-
tives'! To what purpose all this wiso precaution against the
possibility of influence from the most inconsiderable German
or Italian prince, if we are to invite the combined bankers ol
England, France, and Holland, to take a position in our legis-
lative halls, and by a simple enactment of a few words, to con-
vert their hundreds of millions into a thousand millions, and to
take a lease of the lahor and property of ourcitizens for genera.
tions to come. The largest moneyed operation which we ever
had with any foreign power, was that of the purchase of Lou-
isiana from the Great Emperor. That was an affair of fifteen
millions. It was insignificant and contemptible, compared to
the hundreds of millions for which these bankers are now upon
us. And are we, while guarded by the Constitution against
influence from an Emperor and fifteen millions, to throw oui-
selves open to the machinations of bankers, with their hun-
dreds of millions?
It is not the Constitution only, but the whole early history
of our Government which is full of this jealousy and precau-
tion against foreign influence. Our Government went into ope-
ration with a contest upon this point, and with a division of po-
litical parties upon it. The Federalists and the Democracy
divided upon it; the former headed by General Hamilton, ths
latter by Mr. Jefferson. To impose upon us the funding sys-
tem, the paper system, the banking system, the credit system
of England, was the aim of one of the parties; to prevent these
impositions was the aim of the other. One party pushed all
thesesystems, with a national debt and a National Bank for
their basis; the other labored to preserve the hard money Go-
vernment which had been made by hard money men; and to
prevent that imitation of the British systems, and that connec-
tion with these systems, and dependence upon them, which
must end in subjecting us to the pecuniary as well as political
influence of the English. The Federalists prevailed. The
geniusof Hamilton, and his position at the head of the Treasu-
ry, gave him the victory. The British systems were all im-
posed upon us, and the result has been precisely what
was foreseen by the Democracy forty-five and fifty years
ago. We have become the victims of those whose institutions
we copied; aud thirty years'convulsion of our moneyed system
attests the miserable subjection to which we have been reduced.
The infamous and traitorous sentiment that our first duly is to
foreigners, has beceme the sentiment of enough to make it the
action ef the country, and to make the Federal Government,
the State Governments, and the people, the victim ol its trea-
sonous consequences. From this sentiment it results that our
basks are to be broken just as often as it is necessary to break
them, to save the banks in England; that our gold and silver
must be exported,and our Government and ourcitizens deprived
of specie for marketing, for postages, for travelling expenses,
or for taxes, just|as often and just as long as the English
require our hard money tobe sent to them; that all our-mo-
neyed operations must be made to depend on the news which
the next English steamer may bring out; and that the price of
property, labor, and produce, must be made to rise and fall all
over the United States precisely as ordered and directed by the
moneyed power m London. Our President has faithfully de-
picted this state of degradation, subjection and injury, in that
part of his message in which he says that our our money sys-
tem has its centre in London; that all our banks are liiikt-d
together by a chain of dependence which ends there; that not
only the great cities, but the remote villages of the interior,
are linked to this chain; that the establishment of a jnew
bank in the most distant village of our Union imme-
diately places the business of that village within the influ-
ence of the money power of England; and that tbe result of the
whole is the periodical convulsions and bank suspensions to
which we are subject, and the establishment of a dangerous
foreign influence in our bosom. These are the declarations of
the President; and these declarations we all know to be a faith-
ful history of what we suffer. We know the curse of our
country at this moment, its broken banks, depreciated paper
money, and sickening demoralization, is the effect of our sub-
jection to the moneyed oligarchy in England; and that subjection
is the fruit of our copying her delusive systems—her paper
system and funding system—near fifty years ago. Since the
revival of the Democratic party, we have been endeavoring
to throw off this subjection, and return to the hard money
system created for us by the hard money men who framed
what they intended to be a hard money Government. We
have made some progress towards this return to the true prin-
ciples of our Government, when we find ourselves beset by
the danger of falling into greater subjection than ever. About
one-half of the States have linked themselves to the chain
