Í)ec 1839.
26th Cong.......1st Se9S.
ApWBNDlt TO TflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Neto Jersey Question—Mr. Rhett.
95
H. ot Reps.
those end is in London; and the moneyed power m London
*aea the opportunity to increase the strength and weight of
the ch un, by linking a"ll the rest of the States to it. Thisisthe
arusgle that is now before us, and in which foreign capital-
ists must find so great a temptation to Interfere, and in which
ibey count on the aidoflhe indebted States to involve the others,
 ml the whole Union, in their own unlwtunate condition.
To mate head against all these evils, while we are able to do
s>; to stifle foreign interlerenee in it  cradle; to repulse the in-
sidious approach ol assumption in the disguise of a land reve-
sued is ribution; to enable ourselves to go on with the appro-
pna'e business of Congress, I think it right to anticipate the
«¡tack, and to put an end to hope and future efforts, by adopting
resolutions of the tenor and character which 1 have had the
honor to offer.
Mr. President, in conclusion, permit me to turn one word to-
wants myself lor the sake of doing justice to outers.   Among
those events of my Hie for which 1 have reason to be thankful,
was the circumstance of being admitted into the intimacy and
friendship of Mi Macon and Mr. Randolph at my entr nee into
this body    I lived in the same house for many y ears with these
two illustrious cages and patriots, and from them I learnt to ab-
hor the paper sysfem of England, fastened upon us by General
Hamilton, and to venerate the hard money Government framed
for ua by our ancestors, and taken from ua by the Federalists of
near fifty years ago.     Our Constitution was pushed from her
fonndition  as she went intooperation; she was pushed off the
so'itl rock of hard money, where our ancestors anchored her,
and plunged into the tempestuous ocean of paper.   It has been
tossed near fifty years in that ocean; but is now settling back to
her old'foundations.     The administrations of Jackson and
Van Buren are bringing her back; and all my labors now—all
my labors lor many years—have been directed to that consum-
mation, and to the relief of our country from its degrading, ru-
inous, and demoralizing dependence on the destructive and de-
lusive paper system of Great Britain.     To break the chain
which now binds us to the footstool of the moneyed power of
Lotdon—at all events to prevent that chain from being made
heavier and stronger—is one o the objects of submitting these
resolutions; and I invoke forthem, >H for what I have said in
their support, the candid consideration of the Senate and the
c unrry.
The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lution?,
Mr. GRUNDY thought that the question should
be taken on each proposition separately, and asked
fcr the ye as and nays, which were oidered.
Mr. LTJMPKÍN rose and said:
Mr. President: I am prepared, here or else-
where, to ejp-ess mv concunen e in the doctrines
atd rr.nciplts embraced in the resolutions of the
Senator fiotn, Missouri, {Mr. Benton,] and I have
listened to the Senator's speech with ranch interest
and general approbation.
I consider the movement of the Senator opon
this subject well-timed; it meets at the threshold a
dangerous and unnatural connection, which has
bren anticipated in certain quarters, between the
Federal and State Governments.
St, in the language of the first resolu'ion, I be-
leve '-that there is nothing in the Constitution cf
the Unt'ed States which can au'horize the legisla-
t \ e | ower of the Union to assume the drbts of
the States which have teen contracted for local
and Staus purposes." S.r, said Mr. L. the value,
the beauty, the harmony and the perpetuity of our
good form of government depends upon a rigid
and str'ct adherence to the letter and spirit of the
Consti'ut.on of the United States.
Let the States as well as the Federal Govern-
ment move on in their respective spheres of consti-
tutional ac'ion, without encroachment on either
side, or creating connections and relations, the ten-
dency of which will eventuate in weakening and
diminishing the   power and  sovereignty of  the
B.tes.   Let the States,  in the management of
their Stat« policy and local concerns, look to and
rely upon their own resources, and never, from
any temporary consideraron or embarrassment, be
inluced to supplicate this Government for pecuni-
ary aid, which will result in impaiiing that lofty
spi it of self-reliance and independence  which is
iteolately necessary to high self-respect.   Sir, the
magnitude of the danger of that policy which it is
the object of the Senator from Missouri to guard
«ga'nst, can scarcely be exaggerated.
If it te once conceded that the Federal Govern-
ment has the right to levy and collect money fnm
the people, for the porptse of distribution amongst
the several States, then, indeed, is the power of this
Government unlimited; nothing will be left to the
Btates worth contending for. Such a meaure
would inundate our whole system. Instead of this
Government deriving its power of taxation ftom
™ States, the States, under such a system of dis-
k-bation, weuld become the mere suppliants of this
wsrernment, and at the same time the oigans to
~i harrass, and oppress the people. I trust that
 e people of the United States will never be
tempted or deluded with the idea that the Federal
Government can or orght to meddle with State
debts in any manner whatever. An assumption of
the State debts by the Federal Government, either
as principal or endorser, I should consider the har-
binger of all the great evils so ably set forth by .he
Senator from Missouri.
But, s;r, while I so cordially approve of the doc-
trines embraced in the Senator's resolutions, jet,
as regards the argumentative form given to the re-
solutions, I entertain opinions and feelings which
incline me to desire some modification of these re-
solutions, before the vote of the Senate shall be re-
corded on their parage. I am not prepared or
disposed to controvert the correctness of the reason-
ing embraced in the reso'utions. Nevertheless, I
th nk the more appropriate action of the Senate
would be an expression of opinion on the subject
matter of the resolutions, which will be found in
the first two, and omit passing upon the re'erinces
and conclusions drawn from the subject matter.
Therefore, sir, I shall move to lay these resolutions
on the table for the present, in order to afford time
for reflection on the subject.
In making this motion, said Mr. L. I will repeat
my dícided approval of the general views and prin-
ciples of the Senator from Missouri, as embraced
in both his resolutions and speech, and assure him
of my hearty co-opei ation in a 1 measures calcu-
la'ed to restrict the legislation of Congress to its pro-
per constitutional sphere.
REMARKS OF MR. RHETT^
Of South Carolina,     -
In the House of Representative, December 17, 1339—
On the New Jersey eleciijn, and in rfply to Mr.
Wise.                                           ,
[The subjoined sketch of the leriarks of Me/Rhett, in reply
to Mr. Wiss, on the New Jerseicase, on jfie I7tl> December,
hare been in our han.ls ever sine* that tifjie, but hitherto with-
held from pu lication until Mr. WisB'%.4peech, to which they
replied,should have had its place in outf columns. Mr. Wiss's
regretted indisposition having freve/ted his yet finishing the
revision of his speech, it is ihoighAest no longer to withhold
from our readers the following:! £
[NatioruafinleUigencer of yesterday. —■
Mr. RHETT entered at large into a course of
recrimination towards Mr. Wise, and in defence of
his own course. He had, a few days ago, inquired
of the Chair whether the ordinary parliamentary
rules were of force in the House; and, upon being
answered in the affirmative by the Chair, he re-
ferred to the rule, as applicable to this case, which
prescribes that, when a question is lost, no question
subs'antially the same can be submitted at the
same session. Neither the rule nor its applicability
to the present case had been denied by any one, ex-
cepting upon the ground that, when the previous
resolution of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Wise] had been lost, we were no House of Re-
presentares, an 1, therefore, the determination of
it was of no effect. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] had, indeed, quoted the case
of Claiborne and Gholson, in which, at a subsequent
session of Congress, the decision oí a previous ses-
sion had been overruled. This is very good par-
liamentary law, but it has no applicaion to the
case. The question is not whether Congre?s, at
one session, can overrule the dec s oj) of a previous
session, but the ques ion is, can th* judgment of
the House, once pronounced, be overruled at the
same sess'o.'i? If it can, then no question at all can
be considered as settled in its course of bus ne s;
and the same question can te made as oficn as the
temper or capiice of imliv d'ials may suggest, to
the total interruption cf the whole business of the
country.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Ad ms] says that, not to vote for a reso'ution, if
we deem itspr nciple right, bee.use it has been
previous'y rejecte d, is tt tally in'efei.sble on any
moral principles—it wd ba c untenancing or a'd-
ing wrong. Of c urse, everv gent'eman will act
upon h s own views of mor-slry and justice. But,
he would a^k, was it immoral to observe parlia-
mentary ru'es? and wa-> it no wrong >o otters—lo
the thousands of claimants who are ready to p ti-
tion this Hou'e—to the whole body of the peorle,
whote Representatives we are, to be entertaining,
aga n and again, u the exclus on of far we ghtier
rnat'er, a question already decide 1 by the House?
The propriety of refusing to aid any longer in the
agi'ation of this subject will dppend on the fact
whether we were competent to decide the question
when we did. Were we then the House of Re-
presentatives? If we were na, gent emen are put
in*o the strange ab-urdity of having ag tated ihis
subject for three weeks befoie a tribunal which
had no authority «o decide it—of havii g invoked
its judgment again and again; and, in the act of
mvokirg thesü judgments, terming it "the House
of Ropresentative*." Even in the resolution on
which the question was at last decided, we were
termel "the House of Representatives"—the whole
body of the Opposit on, with him el", vcting for it.
How is such a course reconcilable w th the suppo-
sition that ihese gentlemen believed that we were
cota Hou'e until a Speaker was elected, and the
members were sworn in? They must have believe I,
in common w.th himself that we were the House of
Repre sentatives; not cornpeient, indeed, to pass laws,
but as comp? ent as we ever could be to determine
who were our members, for the purposes of organi-
zation. In pursuance of such powers, the whole
House—both parties—acted. One gentleman [Mr.
Navlor] was admitted to take his seat; five others
from New Jer ey were refused their seats. It is an
tter-thoug ht—that we were not the House of Re-
presentatives—arising in the minds of gentlemen,
under new party aspect?. Mr. Bhett said that, in.
the first instance, by the resolution hi had proposed,
which was adopted by the House, he had asserted
that we were the House of R;presentatives, and
should "hear and adjudicate" upon the claims to
the con'estants of seats upon this flocr. In pursu-
ance of this resolution, the House did "hear and
abjudicate" npen the claims of the five New Jersey
gentlemen claimm  their seats by virtue of the Go-
vernor's commission. He voted fer t.ieir taking
their seats. If any wrong is done them, he had no
agency in the deed; but now he would not sustain
any further agitation on the subject. He would
act upon the principle of the parliamentary rule.
We were now organized. A Speaker capable of
appointing committees, by which ibe whole subject
could be investigated, was in the Chair. Why
should not the whole matter be referred to the Com-
mittee of Piivi'eges and Elections, which fill, in
a few days, be appo'n'ed, and the business of the
country be allowed to go on? Indeed, this was the
cour e implied in the very r'so'.ution of the gentle-
man from Vjginia, [Mr. Wise,] on which they
were refused their seats. Tne resolution is in the
following words:
" Resolved, That the credentials of the following members,
John B. Aycrigg, John P. B. Maxwell, William Halsted,
Charles C. Stratton, and Thomas Junes Yorke, are sufficient to
entitle them to take their seats In this House, leafing thequea-
lion of contested election to be aftertcards decided by the
House."
Now here it is proposed t  determine the present
rights of the-e gentlemen, and that aftertcards the
question of contested election should be determined
in the House.
Mr. R. said he voted for th¡8 resolution, trader
the faith that the present iccuparcy of the seats
was to definitively setiled, and, as to the rest, it
was to be a mat'er " of contested election in the
House." This is the plain meaning tf the resolu-
ton. But what was the course of gentlemen?
Why, so soon as we electa Speaker, and are in
the House organ'zed, a question, not "of contested
election," but of immediate memhership, is raised,
by proposing that the gentlemen from New Jersey
who hold the Governor's commission should ba
sworn in as members of the House. This course
is not only contrary to parliamentary rule, but is
direcly contiary to the faith t>f the resolution, by
which th- ir rght3 were determined. He wotld
not folhw wherever oihers cho.se to had. He
would stand to the resoluii< n.
The gentleman from Massachusetts oter the
way, [Mr. Bricgs,] continued Mr. Bhett, had
charged him with inconsistency in expresing the
opit ion that, according to parliarrentry rule, the
question of the New Jersey ssats reirg ,ltterminea,
alih u h.thesame question cou'd not be snbmuiea
again, yet the mattercould, nevertheless, te relet rea
toiheCtmmiltetof Privi'eges and El«t.oD«. If
the gentlemen bid only recollected the resolution
