94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRÉSStOtfAt GLOBE.
26th CoxG"  1st Sess.
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Benton.
Jan. 1840.
Senate.
for whch he vot«d, he would net have made this
charge. By that resolution, although proposing to
determine tor the time that the gentlemen holding
the commission from the Governor should take
their seats, there was an express reservation that,
as a "question of contested election," it should be
considered in the House after it was organized. If
ihere had been no such reservation, undoubtedly,
accordingly to the parliamentary principle h« had
laid dowu, the matter, if then fully determined,
could not have been referred in the House. There
would then have been inconsistency in saying that
it could be referred to the Committee of Pjivilegcs
and Elections; but with the resolution before him,
for which the gentleman voted, and whkn he ought
to have known, the charge of inconsistency is
without the least foundation.
laatic
?3ri
ARMED OCCUPATION 0/ FLORIDA.
In Senate, Monday, January Jlá,, 1840—In reply to
the objections of Meprs.^BiuTTENDEN, Preston,
and Strange.          (
Mr. BENTON, in r^fy to the various gentlemen
who had spoken against the bill, and in conclusion
of the deba'e, said that he would begin with re-
moving s >me brush and rubbish which had been
collected and piled up before him to obstruct the
progress, and to impede the passage, of the bill. He
alluded to the three large grants to the Duke of
Alagon, the Count of Pononrostro, and Don Pedro
de Vargas, which had been brought into the discus-
sion by the Senators from the two Carolinas, who
had spoken against the bill, [Mee«rs. Preston and
Strange,] wfco had invoked the ghosts of these
grants, and represented them as valid titles, now
owned by Amer can cit zen«, covering all the good
land in the peninsula of Florida, who would turn
our settlers out of po« ssion after they had pacified
the country, and bring the whole of them upon the
Treasury of the United States for indemnity for
their lost lands. All this was brash in the path,
which Mr. B. would clear away before he proceed-
ed to more serious work. All these grants, with
their simstrous consequences, were paraded before
us to impede our march; but they are nothing but
searec ows—nothing but the skins of dead crows,
stuffed and hung up to alarm the vision and shake
the nerves of the living birds. These grants, sir,
are all dead'. D^ad many times over. Dead by
treaty—d^ad by natonal Uw—d*ad by inherent
fraud—deal by imp rsible conditons—dead by
transfer to parties incapable of holding them. These
are pretty comprehensive and bold assertions; but
not more comptehensive than the facts admit, nor
bolder than the truth requires. Tha grants are
dead in every form in which they can be viewed; in
every aspect und-r which they can be contemplated.
The 8th article of the tieaty with Spain for the ces-
sion of the Floridas, contains, in the English trans-
lation, ih^se words:
"All grants made since the said 34th of January, 1818, when
the first proposal, on the part or his Catholic Majesty, for the
cession of the Floridas, was made, are hereby declared, and
agreed to be, null and void."
This is tie English translation, as found in our
version of the treaty. The Spanish text is still
stronger, and runs in these words:
"Todas las concesiones posteriores al 24 de Enero, 1818, en
que fueron hechas les primeras proposiciones de parte de Su
Magestad Católica para la cesión de las dos Floridas, convienen
y declaran tas dos altas panes contratantes que quedan anula-
das y de ningún valor "
"Do reman ainullti, ani of no value." Such
are the terms of the annulling elapse m the treaty,
and they are more than equivalent to our "null
and void " But either are sufficient; and we now
come to ths application of ihis clause to the grants;
and that application is made by an operation in
Ihe exact «ci-nce*, being nothing but an exhibition
and comparison of figures—figures, not of rhetoric,
but of arithmetic. The annulling clause vacates
all grants mide after the 24th of January, 1818.
The dates of the grants in question are:
To the Duke of Alagon, February 6,1818.
To the Count of Punonrostro, February 6,1818.
To Don Pedro de Vargas, April 9,1818.
Thus all three of the grants are posterior to the
24ih of January, 1818; and, in the language of the
Spanish text, remain annulled, and of no value.
This would be sufficient, but it is not al; the
royal ratification of the treaty retaros to the same
point, specifies these identical grants as the one;
intend-d to be annulled by the eighth article, and
declares them to remain invalid in the hands of the
grantees, or their assigns. This is an extract from
the King's ratification:
"Desirous at the same time of avoiding any doubt or ambi-
guity concerning the meaning of the eighth article of the said
treaty, in respect to the date which is pointed out in it as the
period for the confirmatioa. of the grants of lands in the Flori-
das, made by me, or by the competent authorities in my royal
name, which point of date was fixed in the positive understand-
ing of the three grants of land made in favor of the Duke of
Alagon, the Count of PuBOnrostro, and Don Pedro de Vargas,
being annulled by its tenor. I think proper to declare that the
said three grants have remained, and do remain, entirely an
nulled and invalid; and that neither the three individuals men-
tioned, nor those who may have title or interest through them,
can avail themselves of the said grants at any time, or in any
manner; under which explicit declaiation the said eighth, arti-
cle is to be understood as ratified."
Such i? the rat'ftcation of the King, Ferdinand
the Seventh; and precisely conformable lo it is
that of the Senate and President of the Uni ed
States. The ratification of the Senate, and the
proclamation of President Monroe, refer to the
special ratification of his Spanish Majesty, znd
bottom their act upon his. Such is the treaty, and
the ratifications of the treaty, under wh:ch these
grants are to be set up in Florida, and to take
some fifteen or twenty millions of acres of land
Such are the grants which are to be enforced in
courts of justice! the judges in which are sworn to
support a Constitution which declares a treaty "to
be the supreme lam of the ¡and"
Dead by treaty, these grants are also dead by
national law, and for inherent fraud. On the 24th
of January, 1813, the King of Spain proposed to
cede the Floridas to the United State; and, in the
months of February and April following, and
before the cession is consummated, he cedes away
the whole of the vacant lar.d which the Floridas
contain. Now, if not a wi rd in the treaty had
been said on the subject, the whole of the grants
so made would have been void for fraud; and the
King of Spa;n would have s'ood before the world
as having committed a fraud—as sel in; with one
hand what he was secretly giving away with the
other. But the King committed no fraud. He
signed the grants to some gentlemen of his house-
hold; but he revealed and annulled them. He did
not leave it to the world, to the judiciary, to the
municipal law, to declare his grants null and void.
He did himself what ho".or and law required; and
rebuked, at the same time, the insult offered to
himself in the consideration pretexiel to be given
for the «rants; for they all contained this faUe pre-
text: "It being the interest of the crown that the
uncultivated lands should be given to great capi-
talists, in order that they may be peop'ed and cul-
tivated, from which flow the advantages pointed
out by all politicians." The crown had no longer
any interest in peopling and cultivating the Flori-
das; and so the consideration suggested was false
and fraudulent.
Doubley dead, the grants are dead again upon
their conditions which were impossible, and, with
us, unconstitutional. A part of those conditions
were to people and cultivate the country, and to
promote agriculture and commerce; and for that
purpose to import n groes, and to import them free
of duty, an importation which cannot be made
und r our Constitution. This is a clause in a'l the
grants:
"And in order that the said Duke of Alagon miy forthwith
carry his plans into execution, in conformity with my benefi-
cent desires in favor of the agriculture and commerce of the
said territories, which require a population proportioned to the
fertility of the soil and the defence and security of the coas s, he
giving regular accounts of his proceedings; it being understood
that the introduction of negroes, which the same cession com-
prehends, ought, so far as relates to the traffic in them, to be
subject to the regulations prescribed in my royal cédula of the
19di December last,"—{which makesthe importation of slaves
fiee from tax )
Here a part  f the conditions are impossible for
any grantees to perform; such as peopling, culti-
vating, and defending the country; and part are
unconstitutional, and against laws and treaties,
s^u h as importing negroes: and the whole are false
and fraudulent pretexts, because the cession of the
country was depend ng, and was soon consum-
mated.
Three times dead in the hands of the grantees,
these grants have another death to undergo in the
hands of the present cla mants. They have all
been transferred, arid transferred to aliens. Th=y
were transferred, probably for little or no con* de-
ration, from Spanish subjects, in whose hands they
were nullified, to American ci izens, who would" b«
incapable of receiving the transfer if they had re-
mained in full force. All countiies, except with a
few special exceptions, have fundamental laws
against the capacity of aliens to hold lands within
the r limits. Almost all nations have tiVse law.:
above all, Spain has them, and has inflexibly ap-
p'ied them to her Amenuan possessions. Tnese
possessions she has guarded from foreign intrusion.
with Ce.berean vigilance; and a fundamental law
of the Indies forbids the alienation of the soil, even
by the King himself, to any but a Spanish subject
and a Catholic. Even if valid then in the hands of
the grantees, these grants would be invalid in the
hands of their American claimants.
Such is the invalidity of the grants which are
paraded here to prevent a bill of national import-
ance from passing; such the ¡>care-crows which a-'e
to frighten the Seoa'e from an act of uscftil and
almost indispensable legislation. But I am not
done with these grants yet. Invalid as they aie,
they contain monstrosities v. hieh make tl em ab-
horrent to our judgment They wete calcula'ed to
take all the vacant land of the two Floridas; to
sweep every acre which had been left by former
concessions; and to convey to the grantees not
merely principalities of territory, but to include
bays, creeks and ioltts; the mouths of great nav ga-
ble rivers; large 'extents of sea coast; and a vast
number of islands both in the Atlantic and in tie
GhilFof Mexico. Such was the extravagance of
these grants; and to jus'ify this descuption of tl em,
I will read their boundaries, and the rights which
they proposed lo convey.
The Duke of Alagon was to have:
"All the uncultivated land not c:ded in East Flonda, which
lies between the rivers Saint Lucia and Sant John, as lar as
the mouths by which they empty themselves into the sea, and
the coast of the Gulf of Florida, and the adjacent íslanils, with
the mouth of the river Hijuelos, in the 36th degree of latitude ;
following the left bank up to its source, drawing a line from
Lake Macaco, thence descending by the way of the river St.
John, to the Lake Valdes; crossing by another line from the
extreme north of the lake to the sources of the river Amaiima,
fjllowmg the right liank as far as its mouth in the 28th or 25th
degree of latitude, (por los viente y ocho, u viente y cinto de
latitud,) and running along the sea coast, with all the adjacent
islands, up to the mouth of the Hijue'os; m full properly to
him and his heirs; allowing them also lo import negroes, for
the labor and cultivation of the lands, free of duties."
The Count of Punomostro was to have:
"All the waste lands not heretofore ceded m Fln-ida, lying
between the river Perdido, westward of the Gulf of Mexico, and
the rivers Amaiuja and Saint Johns, from Popa to ihe point
where it empties into the ocean, for the eastern limn; and for
the northern, the boundary line of the United States; and to
the south, by the Gulf of Mexico, including the deseit islands
on the coast."
Don Pedro de Vargas was to have:
"From the mouth of the river Perdido, and its bay in the Gulf
of Mexico, following the se¿ coast, to ascend by the bay of
Buen Socorro and of Mobile, continuing by the river Mobile
till it touches the line of the United States, and descending by
that in a right line to the source of the river Perdido, and follow-
ing the river Mobile in its lowest part, and the bay of that name,
returns by the seacoast towards the west; comprehending all
the creeks, entries, and islands adjacent which may belong to
Spam at the present lime, till it reaches on the west the line of
the United Slates; then returning by their northern line, com-
prehending all the waste land which belongs, or may belong,
to Spam, and are in dispute or reclamation with the United
States, according to the tenor of the treaties; and also all tie
wasteland, not ceded to any other individual, which is be-
tween the uver Hijuelos, in East Florida, and the river Saint
Lucia, drawing a line from the source of one river to the source
of the other, and following by the coast of Mexico from the
mouth of the river Hijuelos to the point of Tancha; and,
doubling this by the coast of the Gulf of Florida, to the mouth
of the river Saint Lucia, with the islands and keys adjacent "
Such ate the extents of these grants—such their
boundaries—such the comprehensive rights pro-
posed to be conferred on the giantees. There is
no occasion to look on a map to trace these boun-
daries. One grant joins another; and the three to-
gether cover every inch of ungranted land in t <e
two Floridas! Th^y were to take all—to take it
clean, from the Mooi'e bay to the Atlantic ocran;
from the Southern boundary of the Unite J States
to the Gulf of Mexico; from St Mary's to Cape
Sable; wi h all ihe adjacent islands of the gulf and
the sea. It was an attempt to eviscerate the two
Floridas—to dissmbowel them of every acre of va-
cantland they contained—on the eve of seling
tlumforan immense pike—for five millions of
dollars, and all Texas besides—to the United States.
Supposing the King of Spain to have concealed
