Jan. 1840.
£6th Cong.......IstSess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
Armed occupation of Florida—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
says it will taire a whole year 10 build the<e block-
houses.   That is a declaration which astonishes me,
coming from a Western man.   It would hardly be
expected from a city gentleman, who never saw a
blockhouse.   He and I, as Wetern men, as com-
ing from States where these blockhouses were the
refuge of every family, in their early settlement; he
and I should know better.   We ought to recol-
lect that a few neighbors would meet together, and
build it in a day—build it from the .«-tump; cut the
logs, haul them, put them up: and the next day
cover it in, and close it up.   A blockhouse is no-
thing but a green log house, of two stories; the se-
cond story projecting a couple of feet over the
first, and jesting on a flow of split logs; the loop-
holes for firing being in the upper story, both in
the sides, and in the floor, and in the projections.
A dozen men will put up such a house in a day,
and cover it in the next day; and four or five men,
with six or eight rfles, or muskets with buckshot
cartridges, and one good woman to load for them,
would defend the house against all the Indians in
America.   This is the his'ory oí such buildings!
A year to build blockhouses, indeed!    Why, sir,
a young cadet from West Poin', brim full of science
and book learning, could not discover the means
of spending a week upon such a job; while an old
frontier oflicer, like Col. Twiggs would undertake
to put you up a house a day, if the occasion re-
quired it, for every twelve mm that he could em-
ploy on the work.
besides objections to the bill, we have attacks
upon one of the officers lately employed in the
conduct of-the Florida war.    General Jesup is still
the selected object of attack, and  of disadvanta-
geous comparison.   Not content with extolling to
the skies the officers of his own political complex-
ion, the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Pres-
ton,] in order to enhance their praise, mu -t incon-
tinently draw contrasts, and sink some one as much
below their level as he had rai'ed his Federal or
Whig heroes, above theirs.   Now, sir, to all this
praise bestowed upon the officers of his own politi-
cal complexion, I have no manner of objection.
He may make demigods of the whole of them; but
I object to his making demons of Democratic offi-
cers.    I object to his instituting disadvantageous
comparisons; and giving the disadvantage in the
comparison   to   him who has the advantage   in
merits.     This   is   what   has   been   done   with
respect  to  General  Jesup.    He  is put below
all    others,   when  h«   has   dons   more   than
all the otherj put  together.     In the   year  and
a half   wkich   he   commanded   in Florida, he
removed 2,200 of these Indians from that peninsula
to the west of the Mississippi; all the rest of the
generals put together, in the three years and a half
in which they had the command, counting all their
successes in killed, wounded, taken and removed,
did not get rid of the ene-third part of that number.
He removed 2,200 of thehos ile Florida Indians in
a year and a half, and that is three times as much
as all the other commanders together have done in
three years and a half.   Besides that, he removed
26,000 Creak.*, in the summer of 1636, in six
weeks, and atan expense which is but a fraction of
what the removal of   other Indians have cost.
This is   the  historical   truth   due   to   General
Jesup, assailed,   and    unjustly assiiled, as he
is here.    He   is   the   only  commanding gene
ral who brings   a  sc\r from Florida;  he  has
done three times as much, in half the time, as all
the rest put together have done in that Territory.
Tet he is the only one selected for attack: he is the
only one assailed and disparaged by unjust com-
parison.   Is it the eomp'exion of his politics—is it
his friendship for General Jackson, and some ethers
of the Democracy, which brings these assaults upon
himl   If they are, it maybe that a repetition of
the assault may bring forth the details whJch will
vindicate his title to ihe pre-eminence which I have
assigned him.    Sir, this is a business which I dis-
like.   I heartily dislme the business of invidious
comparison.     Our   officers,   military  and naval,
without regard to politics, fight and die for their
country.   They do their best; and I wish to sustain
all who do their best for their country.   I wish to
give support and applause to every one who stakes
his life for this sacred mother of us all, whether
fortune is more or les* kind to him in giving him
the opportunities which gild his banners with suc-
cess. This is my disposition with respect to all;
and I do hope and trust that no more disadvanta-
geous comparisons shall be instituted here to call
forth my vindication of the injured, and, by impli-
cation, to lower the exalted.
I have now gone over, and fully answered, the
ostensible and public objections to this bill; but I
should illy discharge my duty If I did not also
advert to the real and occult objections to it. These
ire,first, that it will make a slave State; secondly,
that it will make a Democratic State ; thirdly, that
it will take land which the Spanish grants to the
Duke of Alapon, the Count of Punonrostro, and
Don Pedro de Vargas, call for. These are the
real objections ; and it becomes me to say a few
words in regard to each. And first of the slave
State objection. I hold in my hand, Mr. President,
a little book (showing it) entitled the Anti-Slavery
Almanac, for 1846. It is covered all over, and
And filled all up, with pictures, such as white peo-
ple of the South branding slaves—hunting slaves
with dogs and guns—cat-hauling slaves—shooting
slaves—old Ken tack setting his dogs on slaves—
lawless burning of slaves in St. Louis—chopping
up living slaves with an axe, and throwing the
chipped off parts into the fire ; with many others of
the same character, and all accompanied by figured
representations and detailed explanations of the
scenes they represent. At page 45, of this li'tle
book, commences a chapter headed, in large capi-
tals, with these words:
" Will you make Finida a slave Stale?"
In this chapter there is a paragraph dedicated to
the particular bill which is now under considera-
tion by the Senate, and of which I will read a part:
"After this war had been can ¡ed on (the Florida war) by a
succession of the foulest crimes, from from January 27, 1835,
till the beginning of 1839, the United States Senate passed a bill
fo- the armed occupation of Florida; which, in the language of
a Senator (of the Opposition) was to establish a corps of citizen
soldiers, srant them four millions of acres of land, and gire
them liberty to kill when, where, and how, and whom they
pleased, without any earthly responsibility. Allen, ol Ohio;
Buchanan, of Pennsylvania; Hubbard and Pierce, of New
Hampshire; Lyon and Norvell, of Michigan; Niles and Smith,
of Connecticut; Robinson and Young, of Illinois; Wall, of New
Jersey; and Wright, of New York, voted for the murderous
bill."
This is what I find in the Antislavery almanac;
and the whole Abolition press sings to the same
tune. From the first day that the armed occupation
bill was introduced, the black and fell spirit of
Abolition pounced upon it. That spirit has been
at work ever since to defeat it; and since Aboli-
tionism has become strong enough to dictate a no-
mination to the two highest offices in the Republic,
let no one despise its influence in the halls of legis-
lation. It i; strong here; it is strong abroad. It
works ineessantly to obstruct Southern measures,
and to pull down Southern men and their friends.
See its labors against this bill, because it will cause
Florida to be settled; see its denunciation of the De-
mocratic members of Congress from the non-slave-
holding Slates which support it. From A to Z—
from Allen, of Ohio, to Young, of Illinois—all,
all, are denounced, pursued, persecuted, and marked
out for the assaults of fanaticism. Abolitionism is
at the bottom of the opposition to this bill; but it has
two strong allies, namely, Spanish grant spscula-
tors, and anti-Democratic politicians; and to these
I proceed.
Another of the real objections to thi« bill, and
which I have often heard stated, though it is not
yet embodied in an almanac, i*, that it will make
Florida a Democratic ¡state. These three hun-
dred acre men, it is said, will all be Democrats;
their little freeholds will make them Democratic;
they will support the Demccratic cause, and make
another Democratic State in the South. This is
wormwood and gall to the Ftderal party, now
called Whigs. They cannot s'and it. Another
Democratic State in the South! perhaps two more
there to crme in, with two Democratic States in the
Northwest! it is intolerable and terrible. It is
worse than gall and wormwood; it is hemlock itself;
it kills poor Whigery, kills it dead; and unless
these Democratic States can be stifled in embryo,
all is lost, and the ghost of Federalism must flit
from the stage. Here, then, is the root of a violent
opposi'ion to the settling of Florida with small
landholders, instead of large slaveholders.
The last of the real objections which I shall men-
tion is, that it will spoil the game of the Spanish
grant speculators. These gentry are now in great
force, owing to the vast extent of the grants under
which they claim, and the broad basis which they
have given to their interest by the wide diffusion of
shares in the claims. They constitute an active,
subtle, and powerful corps in opposition to this bill.
They wish the country conquered. They are
willing to have armies raised, and millions up.in
millions of money lavished on the conquest. But
no land! oh.no! They want all the land them-
selves ! Pay in any thing bat land. Above all,
do not send these ten thousand settlers there, with
their pre emptive privileges, to pick and choose for
themselves, and to take up all the best tracts in
satisfaction of their own rights. These specula-
tors, and for thfc reason, are among the most for-
midable objectors to the bill.
. I have now finished the examination of all the
objections, ostensible and real, which are made to
this bill; and persuade myself ihat the propriety of
passing it is only made more apparent by the ar-
guments adduced against it. I have done with my
replies to the remarks oí the Senators who oppose
it; and a few observations will close what I have
to say. In one thiBg, I concur with the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] namely, in
the opinion that Florida has been too much neglect-
ed. I concur in the justice of the remark, but net
in the sense in which he intends it. He intends it
for the Administration; I intend it for Congress. I
intend it to apply to our neglect—I say ours, for I
mean to take a full share of the blame to myself—
in neglecting the supervision of the Florida legisla-
tion ! in not even reading the acts of the Legislative
Council, which it was our duty to supervisa before
they became laws! The Terr.tory is buried
under corporations, and nnder debts, which
the organic law referred to our inspection,
and of which we knew nothing until the acts
were consummated. The debts are void; for
a Territory is not a State, and has no power but
that which is granted to it by Congress; and Con-
gress has not granted to i's police government in
Florida the privilege of contracting five millions,
or any number of millions, of debt The corpo-
rations, from what I have sees of their absurd and
monstrous privileges, are either void or voidable.
Congress has neglected its duty in suffering these
debts, and these corporations, to be created in the
first instance, and to remain so long unarraigned
at our bar. Add te these the neglect of our do-
main, pounced upon, wherever the Indians permit,
by the assignees of the three great fraudulent and
nullified Spanish grants. In all these things, Con-
gress has neglected Florida; but neglect is now to
cease, and the affairs of this Territory—the civil as
well as the military—are to receive their due atten-
tion. The President, in his noble message, has
called our attention to the civil abuses there, espe-
cially to the power "««tmed" by the Territorial
Legislature to authorize the issue of bonds by cor-
porate companies on the guarantee of the Terri'ory.
Under this call we cannot sleep; and henceforth the
bonds, the corporations, and the Spanish grant
speculators, must receive our attention as well as
the Seminole Indians.
Mr. President, this is a large measure—this
armed occupation bill—and both national and
Southern. It is a large national measure  and one
of constitutional obligation upon us to adopt. We
have made our campaigns, and fought our battles
in Florida. The military have, done their part.
For two years they have had the field clear of the
enemy; for two years the enemy have been broken
up, dispersed about, and driven into lurking holes
and hiding placs. . For two years the country has
been ripe for armed settlem-nt—for settlement in
staiions—for military colonists; such as the Romans
planted in the conquered countries after the legions
had destroyed the armies, and captured the for-
tresses which defended them; and which colonists
were rewarded with grants of land ¡n the country
which they occupied and held in subjection. * his
bill is on the same plan; and goes to romplriung
the great national object of terminating an expensive
