100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
£6th ConO""1st. Sess.
abolition Petitions—Mr. Cooper.
H- of Reps.
contest, pacifying a distracted territory, restoring
cxi'es to their homes, and extending the agi  of
the national protection to an integral part of the
Union.
Every interest, national and Southern, civil, mi-
litary, commercial and agricultural, requires the
pas--age of this bill. Commerce requires the set-
tlement of this peaiusula. The wrecks of vessels,
and the massacre of crews, loudly demand «he re-ea-
tabhihinent of our light houses in that quarter, the
extension of law and government to it, and the
peopling of it with an orderly, industrious, and law-
abiding population.
The national defence requires its settlement.
There is no plan of defence for the Southern fron-
tier—no plan of naval defence for the Gulf of
Mexico—which can omit the settlement, fortifica-
tion, and strong occupation of this tongue of land
which runs down almost to our naval station at
Key West, and to the British possessions in the
Bahamas. It is a strip of land—a long bridge—
which must be the avenue of entrance to the ene- ■
my—to the black Tegiments of their cruel policy—
unless occupied, hel>i, and defended by us with a
strong arm and iron hand.
Agriculture requires it, for it is the only part of
our territory which approximates  to tbe tropics,
and can give us the rich tropical productions for
which we now pay so much to foreigners.   The
orange, the lemon, the lime, the fig, the pine apple,
the plantain, the cocoa, all grow there.   Tbe most
delicious grapes, rivalling the Malaga, are found
there.   Tbe famous Cuba tobacco, so sought for
in the shape of Havana cigars, is at home in that
peninsula.   Cotton and sugar there approach five
degrees nearer to the sun than in any other parts of
the United States, and, consequent y, are five de-
grees nearer to their natal clime.   Besides these
more eminent productions, are many indigenous
plants and roots, valuable as articles of subsistence,
abound in that region.   Of these, the wild potatoe,
the cabbage tree, the brier root, the arrow root, and
the palmetto, are the most considerable.  The most
valuable timber is found there, of which the live
e-ak, so essential to  our navy, is the chief.   The
fores's abound with game, the seas with fish; and
it is the opinion of General Jesup that the fisheries
of this region, in proportion to their extent, will
prove as valuable as those of New Foundlaad.   In
addition to all, such is the mildness of the climate,
and the length  of the growing season, that two
crops of many classes of the products may be ex-
pected m the j ear.   As to the silk worm, three
crops of cocoons—tha labors of three generations—
are expec'ed from him annually.   Such is the in-
terest which agriculture has in the settlement and
cultivation of this country.
Sir, it is a great Southern object: the whole South
is interested in the pacification, settlement, perma-
nent, and strong occupat on of this peninsula. It
is a large Southern measure—the largest which has
been seen for a long lime—the largest which we
now see. The Northern Democracy stands by the
South in this great object. They stake themselves
upon the contest, disregarding the infuriate bowl-
ings of Abolitionism, now reinforced by a power-
ful ally, and bravely expose themselves for what is
RIGBT for the SOUTH, without regarding what
might be PRUDENT for themselves. Never was
the saying of Mr. Jefferson, that the Nojrthem De-
mocracy was the natural ally of the South, more sig-
nally verified than oa this occasion. /
JOLITION PETITIONS.
TI^lO]
REMJ
lRKS OF MR. COOPER,
{     Or Georgia,
In the Hmutiof Representatives, January 16, 1840—
On the resolution c#Mr. Waddy Thompson to
amend the rulesjfiative to the reception and dis-
posal of Abojjlroa petitions-
Mr. COOPER of Georgia rose and said: I voted
yesterday on this question, to suspend further d«-
ba'e.   Tha House had refused the previous ques-
lien, and thereby indicated a disposition to hear.
If, however, the House is indisposed to hear dis.
cussion, I am more than content to desist.   If this
be tbe .pleasure of gentlemen, it ¿a now in tacit
power to give that direction. It is only necessary
to give the intimation, and I will put the subject in
such a shape as to accomplish their wishes. [Here
Mr. C. made a short paute ] Wi hout such a de-
sire expressed, it will not be considered a trespass
on the time to proceed with what I have to say on
a subject of fearful import.
It would be my purpose, touching this matter, to
make no move, to call for no action, but to sit with
folded arms, resolved to leave it to those who bring
such firebrands here, to propose such course as,
in their opinion, the Honse should adopt. It is to
be regretted mat my friend from South Carolina
[Mr. Thompson] has felt it his duty to present a
proposition. If I could flatter myself that a re-
quest of mine could prevail with that gentle-
man, I would ask him to withdraw his amend-
ment.
[Mr. Thompson of South Carolin arose and said,
that rather than have any difficulty with his friends,
he would withdraw his proposition.
Mr. Biddle entreated the gentleman from South
Carolina not to withdraw his resolution. He ap-
pealed to his generosity, and implored him to allow
him an opportunity of explaining his views on this
matter; an opportunity he had been seeking for in
vain, for the last two years.
Mr. Black hoped the gentleman from South
Carolina would withdraw his resolution, uulrss
every gentleman on the floor who desired to address
the House on this subject, should have the same
opportunity of doing *o.
Mr. Thompson, of South Carolina. Then I do
not withdraw it.]
Mr. Cooper resumed: Two days ago, Mr.
Speaker, when a question ot reception was pro-
pounded on presentation of Abolition petWons,
a well informed gentleman stated to us that, on a
direct vote, less than one fourth of the members
would be found voting to reject them. If at a
crisi* like the present such a result could obtain, let
it be made known. Upon this, as upon all ques-
tions, it is the duty of the United States Congress
to act with perfect frankness. An open and manly
course is due to its own character, and that alone
is calculated to exhibit its true sentiments to the
people we represent. We should march directly
up to the point, and pronounce, unequivocally,
what we think is expedient and right in regard to
the reception of these petitions. Any other policy
on this occasion, argues either disrespect for the
petitioners, or a fearfnlness of responsibility, un-
worthy of a member of Congress. This plain,
direct, and upright course, is demanded by the
wishes of those who petition, as well as by the in-
terests of those who are to be aggrieved by the pe-
titions.
Sir, the welfare of the Sia'e of Georgia requ'res
that you should pronounce an opinion reject ng
these petitions; or if you would not reject them,
that you should make it known. She has no party
interest to serve by this. Tnese are considera-
tions too light, too trivial, too pitiful, to enter into
her esiima'fi at this time, ana on this occasion.
Tbe same influences which bring these petitions
here, and the same arguments which are invoked
in behalf of the petitioners, have carried and sus-
tained an open attack upon her domes ic relations,
and upon the lights of property held by her citi-
zens. It is, therefore, she claims of you, by tbe
obligation of duly you owe to her, to reject this
class of petitions, saying to the petitioners, you are
endangering the Government, and destroying the
peace and harmony ef the States. If you will not
deal thus candidly with them, and are of opinion
they ought to I e received, let the South understand
you. The State of Georgia may then, with pru-
dence, safety, wisdom and efficiency, adopt her
own policy in respect to matters about which she
is deeply concerned.
I desire to disembarrass this subject of the party
trammels that have been thrown around it. f he
ground on which you fight is sacred—rendered so
by the Constitution. The people, affected by yonr
political bandyism, are, by that instrument, urging
on yon the obligations of duty; are claiming the
repose of peace and quiet. The football, which is
the instrument of yonr sport in this game, wonnds
, ns at everjrimpttis* y°o &* &   I1 *s a weapon
which, placed in the hands of either, deals death-
blows to a'l around—death to us and our iniete>ts,
or death to your Government. Sport on, therefore,
if you must, and strive which shall receive mo t
pleasure, or suffer least pain; in lhe wind up, your
pleasure will turn to pain, and your joy into
sorrow.
The subject before us is the reception or rejection
of Abolition petitions—petitions prayin? the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia and the
Territory of Florida. We complain of thete peti-
tions as an evil.    I propose to examine into
The nature, source, and extent of this evil;
Our duty in rrgard to it; and
The remedy.
The proposition of my friend from South Caro-
lina, now on your table, is not the proper one,
being at best, ambiguous, uncertain, and indirect.
I desire a rejection of the petitions.
I proceed, however, to consider the first point,
the nature, source, and extent of evil inthce peti-
tions. Here, sir, I am advised by some, the ar-
gument was exhausted on some former occasion's,
before another Congress. I will, neverthless,
offer the reasons which, as I conceive, in your
wisdom should control this subject. I desire to do
it dispassionately and deliberately, that the truths
which I may utter may not be lost in a tempest,
being ascribed to rape. I desite to do it without
tbe aid of declamation. In its loftiest effort, the
gravity of those truths would sink them beyond
our view.
What I shall say is intended for this House, if
it please to hear; for those especially who bring
and advocate here these petitions; for them and
their constituents, not for mine. When I address
my constituents, I prefer to be near to them, and
meet them face to face.
Before I proceed, sir, it is indispensable that I
exact of gentlemen a concession of one point,
without which, no argument can be maintained, no
truth tested. What is ihat? It is this: The Con-
stituí on as adopted and written, shall prove the
truth of our position, and form the sole mcamre
of our right and wrong. Without this, we are
thrown back on first principles. Each State stands
for i'self, and this Government is dissolved. You
admit, then, the Constitution is the only rule and
measure of our obligations and powers. That
every assertion of power, every claim of right, or
declarat-on of duty, is tested by its provisions.
That no higher test can be referred to, to correct or
overrule politically a decision, made by the appli-
cation of its principles.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Granger,]
after expressing his contempt of local opinions and
sectional interests, has pointed us to the "corrected
o)ñnion of mankind, the enlightened philanthropy of
the age," to put us right on questions here involved.
Sir, I have elsewhere heard of "abligatioos paia-
mount" to the Constitution by which to test these
political relations. This error is radical, strikes
at the foundation of our Government, and pros-
trates the whole fabric. The States have created
no such obtigaions, acknowledge none such poli-
tically, and will have none such forced on ih< m.
Snch opinions are disorganizing and revolutionary.
They give a death blow to all constitutional ffee-
dom, will establish the Church, and make the Pop 
supreme on earth.
The Constitution, then, is the true ru'e of our
political faith, the sole test of rectitude in practice.
It was made by the States, whose people had pre-
existing political relations. It was made for them,
according to these established connections. By
these, the beings forming the subject of these peti-
tions had no citizenship, but were as verily pro-
perty as your lands. Is this denied? If so, the
argument is exhausted, and the Union dissolved.
This instrument, rendered practical by agents
appointed for that purpose, is the Government, and
is formed for the States that made it, and for the
people of those States, who then possessed a poli-
tical relation to each other, and for no other; and
for them in no other relation.
- The rights and privilege  then existing, not
thereby surrendered or forbidden, with those
which were by it created, were the objects to bo
secured to those for whom the Government
