r
Jaa. 1840.
APPÉÑftiX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
26th Cong ••• 1st Bess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Walterson
H. of Reps.
feel thai his sentiments on the subject of slavery are such as to
•Mills him to the entire confidence of Abolitionists.
Very respectfully, your obedient ~'FARWEtL
To th. Abolition Convention sitting this day at Concoid.
The following is the article from the Liberator,
(alluded to by Mr. Parmjcnter,) calling upon the
Abolitionists to support the Whig caudidate for
Governor, Edward Everett, at the late election for
Governor in Massachusetts.
TO ABOLITIONISTS !
We recommedtcihe attention of our Abolition brethren the
following paragraph, which is a literal copy of the whole of
an editorial paragraph in the last Liberator, written by Mr.
Samson:              EDWARD EVERETT.
The Governorof this Commonwealth has answered unequi-
vocally in the AFFIRMATIVE to the questions, whether he is
in favor of the immediate Abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia, and the slave trade between the several States.
Edward Everett now speaks the language ol a patriot, a Re-
publican, and a Christian. We believe it is the real language
of his soul. When, a few years since, he took opposite ground,
he did violence to his convictions of right, and committed a
grievous error. We are disposed to obliterate all that has gone
before, and to commend him for his present honorable course.
To refer individually to what he said when public sentiment
was deeply corrupt, would be ungenerous; to charge him with
being insincere at the present time would be unjust; to accuse
him of seeking popularity would be equally uncharitable It is
not yet a popular thing for the Chief Magistrate of this Com-
monwealth to avow himself in favor of immediate emancipa-
tion; and until he shall prove recreant to his present profes-
sions, it is to be taken for granted that he means just what he
says. In our opinion, he ought to receive (ha undivided sup-
port of tbe anti-slavery voters ol this Commonwealth; nay,
they have pledged to him their support, inasmuch as he has de-
clared himself to be in favor of their principles and measures.
We likewise recommend to the attention of our Abolition
brethren the following unmutiiated and literal extract ol acorn
munication in the same paper, by "A Member of the Massa-
chusetts Anti-Slavery Board."
GOV. EVERETT'S LETTER 13 SATISFACTORY. His
endorsing Mr. Alvord's report does not weaken his answer, t ut
strengthens it, for that report was full of the soundest Abolition
doctrines. THE GOVERNOR SHOULD RECEIVE THE
VOTE OF EVERY ABOLITIONIST. Some, who fall them-
selves such, but whose hearts are more wuh their party than
with the slave, may still go back to Edward Everett's old mis-
deeds. Let me tell them this is unfair. In the circumstances
of the case, it is almost treacherous. Mr. Borden asked Go-
vernor Everett's opinions, not as an individual, but as repre-
senting the Abolitionists generally. The Governor answers at
once and unequivocally. Is it for us to turn round, and charge
him with insincerity? This would be a gross outrage. Why
did we ask him if we did not mean to judge him by h.s answer?
Judge Morton's and Mr. Willis's letters are very much alike.
They give no information. They do not answer the aim-
pleat of all possible questions, so that a plain man can tell
what they mean. Judge Morton refers to a letter written two
years ago, which, when you look at it, is no more of a reply
than the present. Th t letter contained some very handsome
and flowing periods about his detestation of slavery, &c. It,
perhaps, served its purpose pretty well in its day; what would
So lor 1837, will not do for 1839. These vague professions of
Judge Morton amount to just nothing at all. There is nothing
in ihemynu can put your finger on. If the Abolitionisis are to
be satisfied with such unmeaning generalities, let me tell you,
the politicians will never give them any thing else.
Mr. Stanly also read a ltttt r of Mr. Williams,
of Massachusetts, in which strong opposite n to
slavery was expressed. "Whether Mi. Williams
is, or is not, an Abolitionist, I know not. But I
have it from a source which cannot be ques
tionedthat bis Whig opponent for Congress (Na-
thaniel B. Borden) was an active member, if
not President of an Anti-Slavery Society, and
was supported by Garrison's Liberator, in Boi-
to i, the organ of the Abolitionist; in that State,
which opposed Mr. Williams, and did not
consider him as coming up to their views. More-
over, I find, by re'e.ence to the journal of Ihe last
sesnon of Congres , that Mr. Borden voted against
Mr. ATHERTJN'á resolutions throughout—even
against (hat resolution which declares that Con-
gress has no power to do that indirectly, which it
cannot do directly.
Oae of the largest Democratic conventions ever
held in the State of Ohio, was held at Columbus on
the 8th of January, instant. Among other rcsolu-
t oos wh ch were unanimously adopted, I find tbe
following in regard to Abolition. They go the fuil
length in support of Southern institutions:
Retohed, That, in the opinion of this convention, Congress
ought not, without the consent of the people of the District,
ana of the States of Virginia and Maryland, to abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia; and that the efforts now making
for that purpose, 1jy organized societies in the free States, are
hostile to the spirit of the Constitution, and destructive to the
harmony of the Union.
Resolved, That slavery being a domestic institution recog-
nised by the Constitution of the United States, we, as citizens of
a free State, have no right to Interiore with it, and that the or-
ganising of societies and associations in free States, in opposi-
tion to the ínsutuüoBS of sister States, while productive of no
food, may be the eauae of much mischief; and while such asso-
ciations for political purposes ought tó be discountenanced by
every lover of peace and concord, no sound Democrat will have
partor lot with them.
Muolvtd, Tint politic ! Abolitionism is but ancient Fede-
ralism under a new guise, and that the political action of Anti-
slavery societies, is only a device for the overthrow of De-
mocracy.
Before the New York elections in 1838, the
black Abolitionists of the city of New York held
a meeting, at which they adopted resolutions 'ear-
nestly" requesting their "colored brethren" to vote
the "whole Whig ticket." Their proceedings
are subjoined.
ALL MEN ARE BORN FREE AND EQUAL!
TO THE COLORED CITIZENS OF THE CITY AND
COUNTY OF NEW YORK!
At a respectable and numerous meeting of the colored free-
holders of this city, held at Wilberforce Hall, Mr. John Fort
was called to the chair, and William Johnson was appointed
secretary.
After the minutes of the previous meeting was read, Mr.
Fort, the chairman, moved that the minutes be so amended as
to read, "that the colored citizens of New York lie earnestly
requested to vote the
WHOLE WHIG TICKET
Nominated at Masonic Hall;" which, after considerable dis-
cussion, was adopted.   It was then moved and adopted:
1. That WM. H. SEWARD, having, in his letter to the
committee of Abolitionists, shown liimselt more friendly to the
abolishment of all distinction, as far as regards COLOR, than
the candidates of the Democratic party, we agree to give him
our unanimous support.
. 2. That LUTHER BRaDISH has shown himself the un-
qualified friend of human lights, and, in consequence, shall re-
ceive the votes of every colored citizen in this city.
3. That the Congress and Legislative ticket of the Whig
pany shall also receive our support.
The following gentlemen were then appointed a Vigilance
Committee:
Thaddeus Shay,
John Uonseh,
Terence Sample,
John Blake,
Parker Downing,
Cesar Mott,
Anthony M002K,
John Piper,
George Douglass,
Hannibal Allen,
Cato Smtth,
Wm. Johnson,
John Smith.
JOHN FORD, President.
Wm. Johnson, Secretary.
The Vigilance Committee will be in attendance at this place
during the time days of ihe election. Our friends who were
not at the meeting will please provide themselves with tickeis
by calling on the membejs of the Colored Whig Freeholders
Vigilance Committee.
The following confideniial circu'ar was alio
sent to the Whig Abolitionisis, by AnhurTappan,
previous to the New York elections in 1838.
Dear Sir: Enclosed you have a list of the publications by
this Society, to which you will please direct any of our Whig
friends who may desire a knowledge of the truth. lam grati-
fiel that our Abolition friends arp. tobe found on the Whig side
rather than the Loco Focos; for the cause of the country and of
humanity ousht to go together. JT3-IF WE CAN RIVET
OURSELVES FIRMLY ON ONE OF THESE PARTIEá,
WE CAN GAIN OUROB.!Ef:T.   Be careful.
I am yours, etc. per Arthur Tappan.
Nov. 1,1838.                                                   B. LEUOV.
To P. W. Wesley, ¡r.
In the Hou^e of Represen'a'ives of iheNew York
Lfgislanre, in 1839, the Whtg paity had a mijo-
li y. Thev introduced a preamb'e and resolutions
denouncing the resolutions of Mr. Athekton in
the strongest teim*; and they passed that body by a
strict paity vote—the Whigs voiing for ÚVm, the
Democrats against them. They went to the Se-
nate, where the Democrats had a majority, and
were referred to a committee, of which Co'. Young,
a leading Democrat, was chairman. He made an
able and eloquent report opm the subject, accom-
panied with a resolution reeommf nding their rejec-
tion, which report and resolution were concurred
in—the Democr.i's voting unanimously in the af-
firmative, the Whigs in the negative.
MAINE.
In 1838, John Fairfield, then a member of Con-
gress from Maine, was nominated as the Demo-
crat c candidate for Governor. Mr. Fairfield was
on? of that gallant band from tbe non-slaveholding
Slates, who had nobly sustained and defended the
consttutional rights of ihe Sou'h upon the quesion
of slavery. He had voted fir the rest Unions of
Mr. P^tton, of Virginia, touching petitions for the
abolition of slavery, anl ¡vjfs'quenily for tho=e of
Mr- Athert >n, of Ne* Hamr shire, upon the same
subject. A letter was addressed to hin by a com-
mittee of an Abolition society, propounding several
inteiroga ories, which were replied to by him in the
rame bold, honest, and s raight forward manner,
which had distinguished his course in Congress.
He was, of coarse, denounced by them and the
whole Whig party, without any exceptions, mainly
and principally on account of his votes upon those
resolutions, arid his answer to the aforesaid inter-
rogatories.
Mr. Edward Kent was the candidate of the Whig
patty. A letter, similar to that addie?sei to Mr.
Faiifield, was sent to Mr. Kent by th? same com-
mifee.   His answer to it was such as to conciliate
8nd command the support of the whole Anti-slavery
Abolition party of Make. In ihe coarse of his an-
swer he took occasion to denounce, in the most vio-
lent manner, those who had voted in Congress for
the resolutions of Mr. Patton.
The whole Federal press in Maine were parti-
cularly abusive of Mr. Fairfield for his votes ia
Congress against Abolidon petitions; but he was tri-
umphantly sustained and elected by the Democracy
of that Slate, with a full understanding of his opi-
nions upon the subject of Abolition.
At the laU election in the State of New Hamp-
shire, held in March, 1839, John Page was the
Democratic candidate for Governor and James
Wilson the Whig candidate. John Page was de-
cidedly opposed to the Abolitionists, whilst James
Wilson answered their interrogatories to their en-
tire satisfaction, and was supported in their papers
as ihe candidate of the Abolitionists. Mr. Page
was elected by over six thourand majority.
The Democratic candidates for Congress at the
same election, weie all oppoi.ed to the Aboli'ionists,
and most violently abused and denounced by the
Abolition papers—and yet they were all elected by
an average majority of about six thousand votes
over the combined forces of Whigery and Aboli-
tionism.
Extract /ram the letter of James Wilson in reply to the in-
terrogatories of the Abolitionists.
Congress has, in my opinion, power to abolish «lavery ia the
District of Columbia and in the Territories; and the slave trade
there and between the States. / am of opinion Congress
ought, toithout delay, to exercise thepower that body hut over
the subject.
Mr. Wilson was also a prominent member of
ihe late Hatrisburg Convention.
In August, 1838, the distinguished Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] made a speech at
Lancaster, in that State, in which he showed con-
clusively that Joseph Ritnei, the Whig candidate
for Governor, was an Abolitionist, and urged the
jriends to the Unic-n to vole against him, and in
favor of tl.e Democratic candidate, David R.
Porter. Standng, as Mr. Buchanan does, at the
head of the Republican party of fennsjlvania, his
opinions on the subject of Aboli.ion, may be re-
garded as the opin:ons of his po'itical friends; and
on that account, I introduce a short extract from
the speech referred to:
Should Joseph Ritner be elected, the people of Pennsyl-
vania will have declared, in a voice of thunder, that Florida
shall not be admitted into the Un on, because it will be a slave-
holding State; that the question of abolishing slavery in the
District uf Columbia, shall again and again be agitated to dis-
turb the repose 01 the Union; and that Ihe doctrines of Abolition,
from which these are but emanations, shall be maintained, 110
matter what may be the fatal consequences. Whilst his elec-
tion will bo hailed as a victory by the Abolitionists everywhere,
it will be felt to the extremities of the Union as a mast ]>orten-
tou* omen of ils dissolution.                     •
I have studiously avoided producing any proofs that Joseph
Ritner is an Abolitionist, except from his own solemn message,
the doctrines of which have been recently reiterated in hij letter
to the Anti-slavery Socieiy of Pittsburg. It is true I might
have cited the efforts made by his política' friends to obtain the
hall of the Legislature as a place of meeting for the Abolition
Convention; the cordiality with which he received its mem-
bers, and the spirit thus infused into them by his countenance
and conversation; his preference lor leading Abolitionists, in
making some of his most important appointments; and nume-
rous other circumstances, tending to establish the same fact. I
have thought it best, however, to confine myself to his own offi-
cial declarations. That he is sincerely an Abolitionist, I do not
doubt; and he deserves the merit of firmly adhering to his opi-
nion, which would have been a great virtue in a Koodemjse,
I might here, also, proceed to illustrate the effects of the tri-
umph of ibis doctrine. What would be your situation, fellow-
citizens, if negroes «ere admi.ted toan equality of political and
social rights with white men and white women? You hav 
already had a foretaste of it, in the scenes which were exhibited
at Pennsylvania Hall. The subject ia too disgusting, and I re-
coil from it.
Go, then, to the polls, and hy your votes in behalf of the De-
mocralic candidate, David R. Porter, declare to your sister
States, and to the world, that Pennsylvania will be again, as she
had e.ver been before Governor Rimer's election,\lhe strongest
and firmest pillar of the Union.
In connection wiih Mr. Buchanan's speech, I
would call attention to the following resolutions,
which were unanimously adopted at a Democratic
convention, held at Readinsr, Pennsylvania, Sepi-
lo, 1838, and composed of mote than three than-
sand delegates. Where can the Whigs point to  
resolution against abolition which has *&***?)
passed in any of their conventions?' I^nld *aa
that Reading is in Berks coantr, tt# *««mg t Vt-
moer alie county in the United States^*    __           .
9. Resolved, That the constitutional •^VToe* reS
non-slaveholding to the «"^^^S^^iS
the most rigid ?^m*^.^.a,'2JnWect o7 emancipation be-
their dome«iic  o Ottsti«r«¿th«t «¿ejw RM^            thtms.lv. .
long, to tlio toiler.  nd ops™ J  ** •«£*tha fr„ *State- of a.
ÍQ. Rtwtvtd, That th« *slt uon in tlw ,re* *0lte,l 0I "M
