Dec 1859.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
abolition Petitions—Mr. Butler.
li. ot Reps.
regard for cons'stency, I would a>k him, Aboli-
litionist as he is, to pause before he goes farther.
I tegret, fir, that gentlemen have thought it
necíssary,   in   this  discussion, to   offer   highly
wrought eulogiums  apon Abolitionist*.    It is a
melancholy proof to me that their mad and fero-
cious projects are more formidable than persons are
willing to adroit. Their presses teem with th« gross- ;
ist and foulest slanders upon Sou'hern slaveholders,  (
and they openly avow their intention to be imme-
diate and uncompromising emancipation.   Scarcely
a mail comes from the North that does not bear me
seme of these vile publications, filled  with the
most tare'aced and reckless falsehoods.   Picorial
representations of cruel and unheard of puuish-  !
meats, are paraded in their sheets with all the ap-
parent sanctity  and  semblance of  train.   The ;
slaveholder is denounced,both in body and soul, as  ;
the cursed of God.   In fact, no lie is too enormous,
no falsehood too flagrant for these publications to
disemínate.   Without descending to the disgust-
ing detail* of these sinks of pollution, falsehood,
and slander, I demand taknow how iti<, that gen-
tlemen can rite in their plac< s, and in the tace of
this nat on become the apoligisU and panegyrists of
ruch vile calumniators and incendiarle'.    The an-
swer is too readily found in that slavish, local opi-
nion and sectional prejudice, so much deprecattd
by get temen ia theory, and so little observed in
practice.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Slade] is
the especial advocate of Abolitionist*, and, I sup-
pose, is to be regarded as the exponent of their
views on this floor. He has taken great pains to in-
form os that these people are the wisest and best
Christians in all the land; that they are mild and
harmless, and do not mean, just now, to abolish
slavery any where but in the District of Co'umbia.
I suppose we of the South ought to be grateful for
this extreme act of mercy. But, sir, whom ami
to believe, the gentleman or his compeers, in this
officious, audacious, intermeddling in the affairs of
other peopled bu sines ? Their newspapers and
other publications call for immediate and total
emancipation, and denounce any of their tribe who
do not go with them. That gentleman himself con-
tended that the inevitable tendency of things was to
this consummation. Who does not see through
the flimsy guise, which is attempted to be
thrown around their real designs? They have
been permitted to come into this Hall, and have
been heard; and asan entering wedge to all their
schemes, they first desire to operate upon the in-
stitution of slavery in the District of Columbia,
under the belief that it would be the prelude of
their grand entry into the Territories and States of
the Union. The first may be attained, though I
do not believe it; the latter never, so long as a free
white man lives in the South. The gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Sladi] manifested great sym-
pathy for his bltck brethren. Let me ask him if bis
benevolence is so limited as to be confined to this
class alone? Has he any peculiar ties to that
race,lhat would make him forget the direful calami-
ties which may and will grow out of the movements
of Abolitionist , if not arrested by the good sense
of the country? While his pity is so ardent for
one race, let me beg bim to extend his kindness
to another portion of the human family, whose
skins, although not black, are nevertheless entitled
to a portion of philanthropy so comprehensive
as his. If the g-ntleman cannot find sufficient sub-
jects for bis tears in this slaveholding vicinity, I
would advise him to make 1 pilgrimage to the
Northern cities, and visit the haunts of the mise-
rable, squalid, and starving free blacks, which
are to be found every where there, that he may
shed tears to his hearts content.
Mr. Speaker, the true issue has net been presented
to this House and to this nation. The true ques-
tion is not, whether the right of petition has been
infringed; bat whether the Union shall be preserved
or dissolved, and I earnestly entreat the honest and
honorable of all parlies to go home and tell their
constituents, that the real issue made now is one
of union or disunion. Tell them, that the South,
though justly excitable on this subject, is long "for-
bearing and suffering." Tell them, if slavery is an
«#, opon us res  the conaequencer, if there be
guilt in it, on us is the responsibility. Assure them
that the whole South firmly believe that it is a po-
litical blessing, and with this consciousnefs resting
upotl us, a new and craven genera'ion must arise,
and fill our places, before emancipation can be ef-
fected. Let them knowthat the South will become
one great cemetery of fieemen, and the abode of
slaves only, before their d s;gns can be accom-
pl shsd. The South, sir, loves and values the
Uniw, and she cannot forget, ia a brief half centu-
ry, that common toils, acd common dangers,
secured to us all, this great and glorious Republic.
We cannot so easily tear from our memories,
that our blood commingled in our Revolutionaiy
struggle, and that the bones of our ancestors repose
together on the fields of Eutaw, Yorktown, and
Camden Sir, we should deplore, as the greatest
calamity, the sad and awful necessity which should
render a separation *of necessity; but rather than
yield our dearest rights and privileges, we would *ee
the Union scattered to the winds, and hold those
who are now are brethren "enemies in war, in
peace friends."
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, discharged & disagree-
able duty; I have endeavored to do so in fairness
and honesty, and while I am on this floor, 1 will
recur to another subject, upon which South Caro-
lina Nulhfiers have been so often taunted. It has
been asked of the small party wi'h whom I act,
how we could support the measures of an Admi-
nistration, that, some years ago, hurled denuncia-
ton against us.
Sir, t do not, according to the fashion of the day,
undertake to "define my position." I shall let my
position define itself by my acts; but I have not ths
slightest objection to answer these repeated que-
ries. In former days the present Chief Magistrate
may have dealt some hard blows on the heads of
the Nullifiers, but he gave us no bloiv which was
not returned with interest. Our quarrel of that
day is over, and the occasion which gare rise to
the excitement has passed away, and we find our-
selves stiil a part of this great Confederacy. We
are in the National Leg s'ature, where there are
two great parties—¡he Democrats and Whigs. If
we vote at all, we are compelled to take sides with
one of these two great divisions; and we are so un-
sophisticated in the ways of the world as really to
believe we ought to act with those who sustain us,
and maintain oar doctrines upon national subjects.
Is there any thing unaccountable in this? The
Democratic party, with the President, are opposed
to protective tariffs; so are wet they are inimical
to splendid schemes of internal improvements by
the General Government; that is our doctrine: they
are in favor of, and advocate a total separation of
the finances of the Government from the control
and direction of bank.'; they are opposed to a Uni-
ted States Bank; and las', though not least, they
are opposed, and give us practical proof of their
opposition, to the whole project of Abolition.
These are our views and opinions; and shall we
desert them because we find others maintaining
them? No, sir, we support any party that is poli-
tically right. We are not, nor do we intend to be-
come the partisans of the Administration, to be led
and driven as party hacks; we shall act as our
judgment dicta'es, although we do support its lead-
ing measures. Sir, if we had felt doubts as to the
propriety and correctness of our course, when we
first assembled here, they would have been dis-
pelled by the events of the Harrisburg Conven-
tion. We believe the nomination of Gen. Harri-
son was effected by a combination of Abolitionists,
and other factions, of which the first was predomi-
nant; for how otherwise could the pre-eminent
claims of the gifted, and, I will add, patriotic Se-
nator from Kentucky be set aside for one so far
below him in all the qualifications frr the Presi-
dential office..
Mr. Van Buren had declared to the world, in
terms which admit of nojloubtful ronstruction,
that Congress had no constitutional right to touch
slavery in the States, and that we believed it high-
ly inexpedient to interfere with that subject in the
District of Columbia.and boldly assumed the ground
that he would resist, by his veto, such attempts,
under as strong a sense of obligation as if such a
clause was in the Constitution.   He was no "non-
committal" on that occasion, and, if words are ca*
pable of conveying any definite meaning, he has
said all that the South could reasonably expect
from a Northern President. His declarations have
exposed him to the wrath and fury of Abohtionists
from that day to this, and will continue to do so.
Is there an Abolitionist on this floor that is so
fiercely opposed to him? Is there one any where?
The Democratic party throughout the Union, so
far as I know, assume the same ground. In proof
of what I say, I beg leave to read an extract from a
paper which I hold in my hand. 11 is part of the pro-
ceedings of a great Democratic convention, held
at Columbus, Ohio, on the eighth of this month,
sai 1 to consist of at least three ihousand persons.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this convention, Congress
ought not, without the consent of the people of the District, and
of the Stales of Virginia and Maryland, to abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia; and that the efforts now making for
that purpose, by organized societies in the free States, are hos-
tile to the spirit of the Constitution, and destructive to the har-
mony of the Union.
Resolved, That slavery, being.- domestic institution, recog-
nised by the Constitution of the United State , we, as citizens
of a free State, have no right to interfere with it, and tlut the
organising of societies and associations in free States, in oppo-
sition to the institutions of sister Slates, while productive ol no
good, may be the cause of much mischief; and while such asso-
ciations, for political purposes, ought to be discountenanced by
every lover 01" peace and concord, no sound Democrat will have
part or lot with them.
Resolved, That should there be any members of this conven
tion who do not subscribe to the principles contained in
those iicsolut'ions relating to the subject ef Aholili.m, they be
hereby requested to leave their names with the publishing
committee, to be published with the proceeding  of this conven-
tion.
Now, Sir, here is sound, correct; patriotic doc
trine, emanating from an assemblage in Ohio-
representing every county in the State. Their rer
solutions go to the full extent, that any Southern
man could or would ask; acd I am authorized to
say, not one man of that Vast assembly dissented
from these glorious and noble resolutions. They
deserve, and will receive, the thanks of the whole
country, for this timely and decisive movement
upon a subject of such paramount importance and
interest. Here are, also, two resolutions, passed by
the Democratic Legislature of Ohio, on the four-
teenth of this month, which I also beg leave to
read to the House.
Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio,
That the subject of slavery, as it exists in particular portions
of the United States, was settled and adjusted at the formation
of the Federal Constitution.
Resolved, That in the opinion of this General Assembly, the
interference of citizens of our State in the internal regulations
of another, is highly censurable and improper, and that we
view the unlawful, unwise, and unconstitutional interference of
the fanatical Abolitionists of the North, wilh the domestic in-
stitutions ot the Southern States, as highly criminal, and that it
is the duty, obligatory on all good citizens, to discountenance
the Abolitionists in their mad, fanatical and revolutionary
schemes.
Such are the indications manifesting themselves
in the Democratic party of the non-slaveholding
States, and I sincerely wish I could see such mani-
festations from the Whigs in the same qnarter.
The nomine* of the Harrisburg Convention,
however distinguished as a soldier, and entitled, as
I willingly admit be i.*, to the gratitude of the coun-
try for his military and civil services, has given no
such pledgfs, nor do I think he will. As Imte as
1833, he held this language:
Should I be asked, is there no way by which the General
Government can aid the cause of emancipation, I answer -it
has been an object near my hear, to see the whole «urphw re-
venue appropriated to that object. With the sanction of tbs>
States holding slaves, thero appears to me to be no constitu-
tional objections to its being thus applied; embracing not only
the colonization of those that may be otherwise freed, but the
purchase of the freedom of others. By a zealous prosecution
of a plan, founded upon that basis, we might look forward to a
day, not far distant, when a North American sua would not
look down upon t slave.
Are thete views and opinions favorable to tbe
constitutional rights of the South? Have they ever
been repudiated or explained by their author? I
know, in his Vincennes speech, he does maintain
that Congress has no constitutional right to touch
slavery in the States, bat that does not go foi
enough, part cularly under the suspicious circu
stances of his nomination. If this distinguí**
individual is really disposed to resist «II ¥*£&**
of Abolition, anywhere in this Unto* , Ly°B'd °*
unaffectedly rejoiced to hear (t- ItX«■■J1  °*
history that, on the eve of the JK Presidential
election, public calls were o# °Pon,
Harrison, touching this very/^f0'"' ■*flM. Mn
fased, or, at least, neglected^^'^Pf^ ««J
timem at rest  Whyi sir/1*DOt known *° ew7
General
and be re-
