112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
26th Cong""1st Sess.
Sta'e Debts—Mr. Hubbard,
Senate.
from that of payer of the debt, extinguishmgthe sense of respon-
sibility In the contractor, and making the Federal Government
the ultimate payer of all the obligations contracted by the
States for iheir own purposes; establishing a dangerous
precedent which must coon be followed up by newdebis on
the pert of the States, and new assumptions on the part of the
Federal Government; invading the rights and mortgaging the
property of posterity, and loading unborn generations with
debts not their own; creating a new national debt of large
amount at the start, and of a nature to increase continually its
own amount, and to perpetuate us own existence; begetting a
•pirit in Congress which must constantly cater for new distnbu-
lion  by preventing necessary appropriations, and keeping up
unnecessary taxes; laying the foundation for anew and exces-
sive tariff of duties on foreign imports to fall unequally on
different parts of the Union, and most heavily on the planiina,
cram growing, and provision raising States, to their manifest in-
jury and propable great discount; involving; disastrous conse-
quences either to the union itself or to its members, as tending
to the consolidation of the States, and their ultimate abject
dependence on the Federal head as the fountain of their sup-
plies; or, tending to the annihilation of the Federal head itself
by stripping it of all its means of national defence and self-
support, and reducing it to the hepless imbecility of the old
Confederation; giving a new impulse to the delusive career of
the paper system, already in a state of dangerous overaction;
ensuring the establishment of another National Bank; and,
finally, begetting a passion for periodical distributions of lands
and money, and extensions of Federal credit, which could find
no limit to its demands until the national domain was ex-
hausted, the Federal Treasury emptied, and the credit of the
Union reduced to contempt.
"4. That thedebtsoftheStatesbeingnow chiefly held by fo-
reigners, and constituting a stock in foreign markets greatly de-
preciated, any legislative attempt to obtain the assumption or
securityship of the United States for their payment, or to pro-
vide lor their payment out of the national funds, must have the
effect of enhancing the value of that stock to the amount of a
great many millions of dollars, to the enormous and undue ad-
vantage ol foreign capitalists, and o( jobbers and gamblers in
stocks, thereby holJing out u ducement to fore'gr<ers to inter-
fere in our affairs, and to bring all the influences of a moneyed
power to operate upon public opinion, upon our elections, and
upon State and Federal legislation, to produce a consumma-
íon so tempting to their cupidity, and so profitable to their
interest.
"6. That foreign interference and foreign influence, in all
ages, and in all countries, Iwve been the bane and curse of free
Governments; and that such interference and influence are far
more dangerous, in the insidious intervention of the mo-
neyed power, than in the lorcible invasions of fleets and
armies.
"8. That to close the door at once against all applications for
such assumption, and to arrest at their source the vast tide of
evil  which would flow from it, ltisnecessaty that the consti-
tuted authorities, without delay, shall resolte and declare
their uf.er opposition to the proposal contained in the late Lon-
don Bankets's circular in relation to Slate debts, contracted for
local and State purposes, and recommending to the Congress of
the United States to assume, or guaranty, or provide lor the ulti-
mate payment of said debts."
"* It will also be recollected I hat the proposed sub-
stitute for the aforegoing resolutions, moved by the
Senator from Georgia, ia the language following,
"That the assumption by the General Government of the
debts of the States, contracted for local purpose?, whether it
shall be a direct assumption, which would make the General
Government responsible for said debts, or indirect, by a distri-
bution of public money among the S'ates, to enable them to
pay their debts; or a pledge ol public lands for the said pui pose
or otherwise, would be impolitic and dangerous, unjust and
unequal, among the member1! of the Union, and wholly unau-
thorized by the letter or spirit of the Constitution,"
was in like manner before the Senate; and upon
debate, upon full discussion, after the defeat of a
motion to lay «he whole subject upon the table, all
these resolutions were referred to a select commit-
tee, of which the gentleman upon his right [Mr.
Grundy] was the chairman.   But it is said that
the honorable Senator moved the reference himself
That is trae, but does that circumstance tend to
abridge the powers of the committee?   Dots that
fact tend to lessen their jurisdiction?   The Senator
did move the reference, and it is equally as true
that the presiding officer of the Senate did, as he
was in doty bound to do, appoint upon that com-
mittee a majority friendly to the very object con-
templated by the resolutions of the Senator from
Missouri.   This was parliamentary, it was but an
act of common justice; and it must have been
known, therefore, to those who now make war
upon this report, that the eouxmittee would act upon
the subject referred to them, and would return to  ibe
Senate their argument and their resolutions as the
the cpnclusion of their argument for the action of
the Senate.   Will gentlemen read the resolutions
referred to the committee?   If they will, can they
then come forward and express a doubt as to the
power confe> red, or as to ihe duly of Ike committee!
Will they, then, assert that the committee have
transcended   their powers—gone away from the
strict line of their duty?   What is the sum and the
substance of *he resolutions of the Senator from
Missouri, and of the substitute proposed by the
Senator from Ge orgia?   It is this, and it is nothing
more and nothing «ss; Would U be jwt, would
** be expedient, would it be constitutional, for
this Government to assume the State debts?
Would it be just or constitutional to divide the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands among
the States, or to apply any of the national funds for
that purpose? Such, he undertook to say, was the
length, and breadih, and depth, of the resolutions of
the Senator from Missouri; and a consideration of
these subjects, by a reference of the resolutions
themselves, was neces arily committed to ihe
charge of the select committee. And for what
purpose were they so referred? To avoid action?
to paws them away from before the Senate? to bury
them in oblivion? No, sir: the Senate had refused
to lay these resolutions upon the table. They, by
that act, expected, and by the reference demanded,
their consideration. They required, at the hands
of the committee, a report; and it seemed to him
that, whatever might be the conclusions to which
the commitfe should come, ihe Senate had a
rghtto expect that the committee would justify
their conclusions by a full and deliberate argument
upon the subjects.
The committee themselves entertained no doubt
as to the course proper for them to pursue. They
considered theras:lve< called upon t > present plain,
definite, and distinct propositions for the action of
the Senate. This they have done—they conside-ed
themselves called up n by self respect, and by a
sense of duly to the Senae, to «late fully and fairly
the reasons which had induced lhe;e conclusions.
This they have done. The report is but the rea-
soning, the argument of the commitiee. The reso-
lutions are but the conclusions of that argument.
Whenever this report shall be laid before the pub-
lic—if such a destiny awaits it—it will be found to
contain nothing more or less than an argument
upon the propositions whether it would be just, ex-
pedient, or constitutional, for the General Govern-
ment to assume the debts of the State?, or whether
it would be just or constitutional to set apart the
avails of the public latid* for such purpose? And
the íesolulions themse'ves tell plainly to what con-
clusions the committee have come. But notwith-
standing the avowal just made by the chairman of
the committee, gentlemen tci/1 have it, that such a
report was uncalled for; that it is unjust to the
States; and if given to the public, would be most
mischievous to State credit. There is not, sir, odc
paragraph in this whole report which can have
such a construction, or which gives evidence of
any such design. He denied that tre credit of the
States could be injured, or in any respect as-
sailed, by the publication of this report.
What does the report say? That the United States
cannot, according to the principles of equal jus-
tice, assume the debts of the several S'ates.
Is this position controverted by any one?
If so, he had not heard it avowed here. How,
then, can this deliberate declaration of the opinion
of the Senate, unfavorably affect the credit of the
States? Have the debtor States entertained the
idea that at some favorable moment the United
States would assume their debts? Have the credi-
tors of the States—the money-lenders of Europe—
entertained such an idea? If so, the Government
owes it to itself to declare, in the most unequivocal
and unqualified terms, its deliberate opinions. If
the Stales have entertained no such sentiment, and
if the money-lenders have imbibed no such opi-
nion, it was difficult for him to see how the credit
of the States could be unfavorably aff e'ed by the
publication of the report, and by the adoption of
the resolutions. It has been said, and with perfect
truth, that the money-lenders can have no other
and no better credit than the faith of the States-.
He fully concurred in the sentiment. The States
were able to pay, and, beyond all question, will
promptly meet every liability. There is not a let-
ter or word in that report that contradicts the asser-
tion. So far from it, the report speaks forth in
high commendation of the ability and of the inte-
grity of the debtor States. How, then, can the re-
port, if published, in any way affect the credit of
the S ates? It proposes no interference with their
operations; it recommends no measure which can,
by any possibility, embarrass the States in the pro-
secution of theit works of internal improvement.
The bankers of Europe have made advance  to
cities and corporations and States, upon iheir cre-
dit, and upon their credit alone.
The report does not seem to distrust the rebtions
subsisting between the States and their creditors. He
could not well conceive how a declaration m ihe
part of the Senate—that it would be unjust to the
Union—that it would be inexpedient, and in viola-
t.on of the letter and s=pi it of the Constitution, for
the General Government to assume the payment of
Stale liabilities—could in any way affect negotia-
tions between ihe States and their bankers. Can
such a declaration tend, in the slightest degree, to
lessen the resourses ef the Slates, to augment their
liabilities, or justly to alarm their creditois? Can
such a dec'aration tend to reduce the income of
Slate canals, or of State railroads, for ihe prosecu-
tion of which works this foreign capital has been
mainlv obtained? Not so. The S.aes will go into
the money market of our own country, or of Eng-
land, or of France, or oí Holland, just as well after
as before the declaiation. It is idle to s^y that ihe
capifalists, at home or abroad, do not peifecily
well understand ihe liabilities of particular S'a'es,
as well as their resources. If Louisiana, for in-
stance, should send her bond to the bankers of
England for discount, will any Senator for a mo-
ment pretend that any accommodation would be
granted, ignorant of the full extent of her indebt-
edness, and ot her means? Such information is
wiihin the reach of every individual, and is, beyond
all question, posseted by those dealing in stocks.
There is annually given to the public, in the re-
poits of State comptrollers and State treasurers,
the exact condiu'on of State finances. There could
re no fraud practued, even if there was a disposi-
tion to fraud.
How, then, is the publication of this report to
affect the credit of the debtor States? The extent
of the indebtedness of each State is known at
home and abroad. The true character of the works
of internal improvement in the respective States,
completed and progressing, is also perfectly well
understood. In short, the liabilities and the means
of the States is as well understood by-ihe Barings
and the Rothschilds of Europe, as they are by the
States themselves. It is, then, in hi-? judgment,
idle to contend that you are doing an act of great
injustice 'o the States, by giving publicity to this
document. It is due to the debtor States them-
selves, at ihis eventful crisis; and it is most em-
phatically due to the States, unembarrassed by
debt, to make their unqualified declaration of the
opinion of this Senate upon this all important sub-
ject. It is due to ihe bankers of England and of
the world, according to his sense of morality^to
make this declaiation, and to make it now. This
is the accepted time, and for this reason; that there
is abroad in the land, to some extent, a sentiment
touching this subject, which favors the idea of as-
sumption—a sentiment which cannot be tolerated
by the independent States of America. He did
not speak without authority upon this subject.
There had already been given to the public, in our
own State journals, alarming doctrines. And for
one, he tendered his thanks to the honorable Sena-
tor from Missouri, in behalf of his own State,
for having brought this subject thus early before the
Senate.
It is a subject of deep and vital importance to
Ihis Union, and to the Stales respectively. He was
perfectly satitfied that the people of his own State,
from recent indications, were not indifferent to the
action of the Senate upon this subject. He repre-
sented, in part, a State unembarrassed by any ex-
isting debt. She had never asked a dollar at the
hands cf this Government for any local purpo>e;
and from her early history to the present moment,
New Hampshire had neve^ received a dollar (to
which she claims title) for any purpose of State
policy. Her works are her own, and belter means
of intercommunication exist not in any State;
ber roads bave been wrought by the haid hands
of her industrious yeomanry; her canals and her
railroads have been accomplished by individual en-
terprise. Such had been the influence of popular
opinion, within the limits of bis own State, that
he was not aware that any movement had ever
been made to accomplish any local object upon her
credit. . An<i should any sucb; movement fcaye
