Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IIS
26th Cong«"«1st Skss.
State Debts—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
been made, mr st resolutely and most triumphantly
would her Legislature have re isted every attempt
to pledge the Jaith of the State for ihe accomplish-
ment of any local orject. She has even refused to
give auth >rity to her town corporations to borrow
money upon the credit of the town, for any pur-
pose not expressly warranted by ex sung statutes.
Such was ihe pre ent condition, and such, ht
was happv to say, had been the policy of his own
Sute; and New Hampshire may well congratulate
herself upon her entire fretdom from debi; andas
one of ihe Senators from that Siate, he re-
joiced that this subject was now engaging the
attention of the Senate. New Hampshire asks no
distribution of the avails of the public lands. She
now holds in safe deposite |the proportion awarded
her of ihe twenty-eight millions deposited with the
several States, under the act of 1836 That deposite
she will honestly return to the public Treasury, if
a return should be required. He could not well
ooneeive what more equal benefit the States could
deaite from the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, thin t  have those proceeds constitute a part
of the public revenues to be appropriated for the just
support of the Government. The States are interested
in tne public revenues of the country, according to
their representation. And if direct taxe3 are t j be
imposed for any public object, New Hampshire
would have to bear her proportion to the whole
amount, as her representation bears to the whole
representation of the country. And if there were
now to be a distribution among the several States
of any particular sum, as the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands for any one year, the State
he rep'esented would get, as her share, such a
part ot the whole sum to be distributed, as her re-
presentation bears to the whole representation of
the Union. The proceeds of the sales ot the public
lands are but a portion of the public revenues; and
there would be no more justice m setting apart that
part of the public revenues for distribution, than
there would be in setting apart that portion which
arises from imposts. It cannot be questioned that,
at a time like thi*, the Government stands in need
of all its resources.
The revenue ari-ing from imposts, as well as
from the avails of the public domain, is now re-
quired for publicuse,and as a measure of expedien-
cy, then, there would be no more propriety in yield-
ing one branch of the public revenue than the other,
and no justise or constitutionality in yieldiog
either. The public domain is ihs property ot the
whole Union—purchased with the means of the
whole Union—and all he desired in behalf of h s
State wa«, 'bat the proceeds of the sales should be
appropriated, in common with the other means of
ihe Union, for the just and economical support of
the Govermnen'; and should the t me ever come
when more revenue shall be collected than Fhall
be required for such an object, he would at once
reduce that revenue, by saving the people from in-
direct taxation. These were his views ; they were
ttie sentiments of his State, as will distinctly ap-
pear from the resolu'ion of her Legislature, which
bad been by his colleague presented to tne Senate
at this veiy session:
That our Senators in Congress be instructed, and the Re-
presentative  from this (State be requested, to oppose every
attempt which shall be made to divide the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands among the several States, or to make any
other disposition thereof, except for the constitutional purpose
of providing for the common welfare and general defence of the
United States."
The injustice and unconstitutionality of any dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands had been discussed by the committee, and
they had offered to the Senate, for its action, a dis-
tinct resolution upon that subject. And again, he
said, he could not but regard thib as a fit time, and
an appropriate time, for the consideration of these
momentous questions. And, from what had
come to bis knowledge, if the Legislature of
his own State could have been assembled, afier the
promulgation of the resolutions which passed the
Assembly of Vermont at its last fall se-sion, and
which have recently teen presented to the Senate;
could his own Legislatura have assembled afer
the circular of the English bankers had been given
to the public; they would have expressed their opi-
nion, in the strongrst possible terms, against the as-
sumption of the State debts by the General Govern-
ment, in any form or under any crcumstan'es,
either by pledging the credit of the Government di-
rect, or by dividiug the public domain, or by set-
ting apart the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, or any desrr ption of the national funds, for
any such purpose.
He could not mistake the sentiment of his own
people upon this subject—a sentiment founded
upoa tne principles of immutable justice.
Delegates direct from the people of his State
have recently held thur customary primary meet-
ings pr«paratoiy to the annual election; and they
had passed reso ution upon resolution as expressive
of their feelings and of their opinions. In his own
county, the following resolution was introduced,
and with entire unanimity adopted:
"That we disapprove of the assumption of the State debts by
the National Government, either openly by a purchase of their
bonds, or by becoming surety for the same, or disgutstdly by
setting apart the public domain, or any of the other resources
of the National Government tor that purpose, as a measure
wholly unauthorized by the letter and spirit of the Constitu-
tion, and deadly hostile to the Union itself."
And in other parts of his State, resolution^, cor-
responding in feeling and in sentiment with the one
just read, have been also adopted.
The people, then, of his Sate, he unhesitatingly
believed, were most sensibly alive to the impor-
tance of this subject. They had moved forward,
and unsolicited, unasked, had voluntarily expressed
their convictions; and, uninfluenced by any consi-
deration, save the vast importance of the measure
itself, had spjken in a manner which he could not
misunderstand. And was there n>thing in the
signs of the times ca'culated to excite the suspi-
cion, or to alarm the fears, of a people jealous of
their nghti-? He fitmly believed that the opinion
had gone forth, was now honestly entertained by
some, and openly avowed, that this Government
would, at some future time, assume the debts of
the several States; that the importance of the great
works of State pol'cy now in progress, called for
the assumption. Can it be doubted that this very
sentiment has a'ready been suggested on the other
side of the Atlantic? And from what had already
come to the knowledge of the Senate, he, for one,
fully I elieved that this purpose had been suggested •
by one of ihe great bankers of England, to produce
us effect here within the States, and made, too, in
the behef that a response would be given. The
language of the Messrs. Barings, Brothers, and
company, is of no doubtful character.   They say:
"But if the whole scheme of internal improvements in the
Union is to be carried into effect on the vast scale, and with the
rapidity lately projected, and by the means of foreign capital, a
more comprehensive guarantee than that of individual States
will be required to raise so large an amount in so short a time.
A national pledge would undoubtedly collect capital together
from all parts of Europe; but the forced sales of loans made
separately by all the individual States in reckless competition,
through a number of channels, render the terms more and more
onerous lor all, lower the reputation of American credit, and
(as reliance is almost exclusively placed on the London mar-
ket) produce temporary mischief here, by absorbing the floating
capital, diverting money from regular business, deranging
banking operations, and producing an unnatural baUnce of
trade against this country. It would seem, therefore, as if most
of the States must either pause in the execution of their works
of improvement, or some general system of combination must
be adopted."
In ih's short paragraph, it is very distinctly set
forth that a national pledge—that is, the faith of
the General Government—is required to collect
together capital sufficient to carry into effect  the
whole scheme of internal   improvement   in  the
Union.   Here is a distinct avowal by one of the
great bankers of England, that the pledge of the
General Government is necessary.   That letter, it
will be recollected, found i's way into the public
journals of the country just before the meeting of
Congress.    Was it not designed to call the atten-
tion of the American public to this subject?   For
what other earthly purpose could this circular have
been written and published, at the time it was
written  and published?     And   it little   accorded
with his notions «f right and with his sense of mo-
rality, to play dark upon this matter—to make any
concealments; but plainly, directly, and unquali-
fiedly, to declare to the bankers of Europe, and to
the States themselves, the gross injustice and un
constitut'onality of such an assumption—to put
the public m nd at rest upon this  matter.   He,
therefore, could not bat regard the present time as
the most appropriate and accepted time for the
full discussion and consideration of this subject,
and he rejoiced that it was now before the Senate,
and that the opinion of this branch of Congress, at
least, would be expressed.
H? fnlly coincided in the sentiments of the re-
port upon the tabl<\ It was but a temperate, can-
did, and free di-cussion of the questions submitted.
These was no language used calculated to distt rb
the fee'mgs of ihe debtor Slates. What he most
anxiously desired was, that this subject might soon
be disposed of. It is a fact well known, that State
bonds are now in Europe; and, in his judgment, it
was ardently wi-,hed, if not confidently believed,
by the great money lenders, that this Government
would enclor>e the paper of the States—would
pledge its faith for the ultimate payment of State
bonds. Does any man in this Senate doubt this?
Is it not perfectly plain to the understanding of
al'? else why the circular of the Barings?
else why this official declaration that a na-
tional pledse would be necessary in order
to collect sufficient capital to perfect the great pro-
jects of internal improvement now in progress.
What, then, is to be done? What should be done?
What does duty demand? Keep silence, with
this circular upon our tabled Lead the bankers to
suppose, as they would by such a course, that this
Government might come, ultimately, to the aid of
the States, as it had, on a memorable occasion, to the
aid of the District of Columbia? No, sir, this was not
the course which, in his judgment, a sense of justice
suggested. He would be frank, open, undis-
guised. He would declare to the world the senti-
ments of the Senate upon this matier. Let this be
done, and done speedily. The British Queen has
not yet arrived. Should the action of the Senate
be delayed until after her arrival and departure;
should there be no expression of the sense of this
body upon this subject; should the sentiment be en-
tertained in England that the United States might
ultimately assume the State liabilities; it would lead
to great speculations in State securities, with no be-
nefit to the States, but with advantages only to the
speculators themselves.
The credit of the States rested upon its own
solid basis—tAeir «sources, and their honor. With
such pledges the States could not fail to obtain all
pecuniary accommodations, upon fair terms, ne-
cessary to aid them in the prosecution and perfec-
tion of their local object*. He would not interfere
with S'ate policy. He wou'd do noihmg to im-
pair State credit He would not hesitate, on all
occasions, and at all times, to declare the ent re
ability and integrity of the Stales. He would d)
all this. And let it not be suppposei by any one,
that the report now upon the table infringes either
one of these positions. But he most earnest'y ap.
pealed to the justice of the Senate to let ihe report
be prin'ed. He would not ask for an extra number
until its trne character shall be known; but let the
usual num^r be printed for the use of the Senate.
And he would only say, in conclusion, that it
would be found to be a most forcible, if not con-
vincing argument, showing the injustice, the Inex-
pediency, and unconstitutionality of this Govern-
ment, in any way or in any manner, direc/fy or in-
directly, assuming the debts kf the States/
REMARKS OFMRl WRIGÍÍT.
Mr. WRIGHT said he fourld himseff compelled,
from the course of remark of the hqporable Sena-
tor from New Jersey, [Mr. SoSjthabp,]  o make an
explanation of an explanation^ TJiat Senator was
proceeding to blame the comrn/itee, and charge
them with error, in their statement of the amount
of the. debt of the State of New York. Feeling
that, if error or blame were chargeable any where,
for that statement, the charge should be against
him, and not the committee, he asked leave of the
Senator to explain, which was courteously granted.
He bad intended, in that explanation, to state the
truth. He had said that he was called on by the
honorable chairman of the committee, before the
report was first made, to examine it upon this point;
that he had. told the chairman he thousht their
statement of eighteen mültons, as the amonn .01
the debt of New York, excessive, but that ne oe-
lievedhe had the means of ^^T.'i^mn'
that he referred to the annual report;o ^J? <*«£
troller, the fiscal officer of the State, made to the
8
