Ifttt. 1S40.
AFPENWX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
86th Cong.......1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
The state of fact? in relation to one portion of
the money spoken of in the message of the Gover-
nor, is this. The Erie and Champlain Canal fund,
protected and pledged in fie Cjnstituiioa of the
State for the payment of the debt   contracted for
the construction of ttio?e caDals, has afforded reve-
aue more than  sufficient to meet the  respective
portions   of   the debts,  as   thry become paya-
ble.   The inconvenience and risk  of  accumula-
tions   of   money  constitutionally pledged  to   a
particular application, have   induced   the Sta'e
officers, having  charge  of  this   money, for  se-
veral years past, to offer   stroni;  pecuniary in-
ducement to the holders of these stocks to  bring
them in for payment befoie their maturity.   These
efforts for the final extinguishment of that debt,
have failed as to a large amount of the stocks, they
being principally five and six per cent, stacks he'd
in Europe, and not redeemable until the ye?r 1845.
The amount thus outstanding is given in the re-
port of the Comptroller referred to,  at $2,167,558
94.   For the payment of this portiion of its debt,
the State had done what he hoped it would always
be able and disposed to do—had accumulated and
was keeping the money to meet the debt when it
should become dee, or when it should be presented
for payment.   Yet were the?e stocks, in the hands
of bona fide holders, less a debt of the State, be-
cause the money to pay them was provided?   And
could the debt of the State be truly given by this
committee of the Senate, wi'hout including ihis
portion of it?   If the Federal Government were,
upon this day, to assume the debts of the various
States of this Union, should we be at liberty to say
to the State of New York, we will not pay this
part of your debt, because you had money enough
in your treasury to pay it when we agreed  to pay
yonr debts?   These stocks are in the market i of
the world: and can the State, in justice to itself, to
its credit,  or to the holders of this portion of its
responsible paper, say it is no longer our debt, be-
cause we have once prepared the money to meet
it before it was legally payab e, and before yon
could ltgally demand it?   He had not be¿n able to
satisfy himself of the truth of any of these posi-
tions, and therefore he had included this amount as
a part of the debt of the State in the sum furnished
by him to the committee.
A single other ground of difference between the
amount of the State debt as given by the Governor
and the Comptroller would be noticed, though he
did not hold himself particnlarly responsible to re-
concile their statements. His Excellency states
that nearly a million of dollars of the money bor-
rowed to be expended upon two of the works
named has not been expended, but is yet on
hand, and this money he deducts from the
debt ■ of the State. The stocks, by which this
money has been obtained, have been issued,
and are now in the hands of bona fide pur-
chasers, or are offered ia the public markets as safe
transferable fecurities for money. And are they
wo part of the debt of the State? Could the amount
of that debt be truly given, excluding these stocks? To
him it seemed no', and therefore this amount also
was included in the sum given to the committee as
the true amount of the State debt. Would the honora-
ble Senator [Mr. Southard] differ from him in
his conclusions upon these points? He would give
him a familiar case to illustrate his views. Had
he borrowed, or should he borrow, of the gentle-
man, one hundred dollars,! and execute to him bis
promissory note for the amount, payable at a fu-
ture day, with in'erest, would that note cease to be
a debt in favor of the Senator, and against himself,
because be should keep the same or some other
hundred dollars of money in his pocket? He was
very well aware that the hundred dollars in hand, if
hachóse so to apply it, would prove his ability to
pay the debt, but it would be none the less a debt
against him, until the application was made, pay-
ment perfected, and the evidence of indebtedness
destroyed or cancelled. He was as well aware
that it had been ingeniously attempted upon the
other side to show that the mention of these S ate
debts by the committee, and by the friends of the
repprt in argument, was an insinuation of the ina-
bility or want of intention on the part of the States
to pay, aad in that way to introduce the doc rine
for which they seemed to contend, that the disposi-
tion to pay the debts, and the ability to pay them,
was equivalent to actual payment, and shou'd ab-
rogate the debts themselves in the statements of the
report. Who hai attempted to impugn the faith,
or question the means of any one oí the States to
meet the debts it had con racted? No such idea
sor suggestion had met his ear as he listenrd to the
reading of the report, and he challenged gentlemen
to point out any such sentiment upon its face.
Who had pretended to question, here, the willing-
ness or ability of the S ate of New York to pay its
debt, whether it should be called nine or fifteen
millions? Certainly no one had, unless that infe-
rence was to be drawn from the attempt to show
that the State does not in fact acknowledge as a
debt, those transferable stocks which have been
issued in pursuance of its laws, and sold in the
market upon the strength of its faith and credit.
[Mr. Clat of Alabama here inquired if Mr.
Wright would Bot give way to a motion that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Executive
business.]
Mr. W. said he was spending more time in this
explanation than he had intended, an i he would
leave it. He desired, however, to make a very few
remarks further this evening; was sorry to find he
was exhausting the patience of the Senate; and
would hasten to a conclusion.
What was the subject presented to the Senate for
its action by the report of the committee under con-
sideration ?   Was it the amount of the State debts,
or their security in the hands of the holders of the
slocks and bonds?    Was it the soundness of the
positions or the clearness and correctness of the
reasoning of the report itself?    It was none of
these things.   The resolutions presented by the
committee were the only subjects upon which the
Senate was requested to act,or could act.   The re-
port was nothing mpre than the argument of the
committee to sustain their conclusions, which were
given in the resolutions.   What were they ?   Sim-
ple, concise, and intelligible declarations that it
would be unjust, inexpedient, and unconstitutional
for Congress to pass a law assuming the debts of
the States, and charging  their payment upon this
Government.   The amount and the existence of the
debts of the States are mentioned in the report for
no other purpose than that of argument and illus-
tration to establish the  conclusions to which the
committee have come.   Still the report, and not the
resolutions, had been made the subject of the de-
bate for two days.    References to it as the argu-
ment of the committee to support their conclusions
were manifestly proper, and refutations of their
positions and reasoning was a fair mode of com-
bating the conclusions based upon it.   Had the
debate hitherto seemed to have had that object?
Did there appear to be any difference of opinion
among the members of the Sena<e in relation to an
assumpt.en by this Government of the debts of the
Stales?
The committee, it was true, had been called upon
to say by what authority they acted at all in this
matter? How it was that tbey bad assumed to
present to the Senate a long argumentative re-
port and various resolutions, against a proposition
which no man had made or contemplated 1 They
had answered that they acted by special order of
the Senate; that they were constituted a select
committee of the body solely to consider and
report upon this subject; that it had been
referred to them in the form of resolutions submit-
ted by a Senator not a member of the committee;
that they were in no way responsible for bringing
the matter before the Senate, and had acted upon
it under the express order of the Senate, according
to their best judgments, and in the conscientious
discharge of what they believed to be their public
duty. These answers of the committee had not ap-
peared to be satisfactory, and the complaints
against them for having acted at all upon the sub-
ject were continued, while all seemea to express
astonishment at the very idea of an assumption of
the State debts by this Government. This he un-
derstood to be the spirit and tendency of the re-
marks of the honorable Senators from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittenden] and Massachusetts. [Mr. Web-
ster,] yesterday, of the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] on both days, and
of the hoaorable Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Southard ] to-day.
[Mr. Webster here rose to explain. He said
he did not express astonishment at the idea of the
assumption, but at the manner in which the subject
had b en brought i o lore the Senate, without the
application of a sirafe State in the Union, or even
of any individual citizen.]
Mr. W. said he asked the pardon of the Senator.
He certainly did not intend to misrepresent him.
He had listened attentively to his remarks, ad-
dressed to the Senate on jes erday, and had infer-
red from them that he was distinctly opposed to the
assumption, and asonished that the matter should
be treated as one in the serious contemplation of
any body. If he and his friends were in favor of
the assumption, he had wholly misapprehended
them, and was glad to be corrected, as he would
not designedly misrepresent their opinions upon
this, or any subject.
[Mr. Webster ro^e again in explanation. He
said he had not declared himself in favor of the as-
sumption; and he called upon the Senator to refer
to any thing he had said which constituted such a
declaration ]
Mr. W. said he was again at fault, but cer-
tainly unintentionally. He had quoted the honora-
ble gentleman as against the assumption, and was
corrected. He had now spoken of him as for it,
and was again corrected. It was evident, there-
fore, that he did .not understand his position, and
he would leave its explanation to himself. He had
been felicitating himself that there was no division
of sentiment in the body in relation to the resolu-
tions tendered by the committee; but in that, too,
he was probably mistaken.
He was very properly reminded by a Sena'or
near him, that the question now depending was
simply upon printing the report and resolutions.
Upon that question he had not one word to say.
He had followed the course of the debate hitherto,
and if he had wandered from the proper point for
remark, that had led him awav.
He must follow it one step fuither, which should
close what he had to say at present. This report
had met a resistance, upon its very entrance íato
this chamber, which had been offered ta very few
papers of any character since he had bad the honor
of a seat here. The principal matter of the charge,
too, had surprised him quite as much as the time
and manner of it. What was the great and grave
objection which had been rolled with so much
force and energy from this to the other side of the
hall? It was that the report was an attack upon
the sovereign States of this Union; a violent in-
fringement of State rights; a servile war upon them.
A proper regard for the rights of the States, as
members of the Confederacy, was said to be one of
the professed doctrines of the party to which he be-
longed, and yet a flagrant violation of every prin-
ciple of it was supposed to be proclaimed in this
report. For himself, he could say, as did the ho-
norable Senator who sits before bim, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] he had never made much pretension upon
this point, but he believe 1 he regarded the principle
and the duty of preserving the Stale sovereignties
in our s> stem, as deeply as most public men. Yet he
was bound to say the danger to ihem from the
Siper presented by this committee, and now upon.
e table of the Secretary, was not so perceptible to
him as it seemed to be to those who had not even
professed to belong to the Slate Right  school.
What was the violation of right complained of,
and whence the danger apprehended? Giving the
amount of the debt of a ¡State was the violation of
its sover ign right, and talking about that debt was
to be the destruction of its public credit? Talking
about it how? Suggesting the inability of the State
to pay? No: for no such suggestion is c mrained n
the report, or has b"en made in debate. Im-
peaching its faith and intention to pay? No: for
no such impeachment is put forth, or even insi-
nuated, in or out of the report. Talking, then, or
the debts as existing, of their amounts of tne re-
venue arising to the States from the objects ot ex-
penditure for which the debts have been contracted,
and of the impolicy of separating the one from he
the other, and of leaving  the  revenuw to th.
