¿ftti. 1S40.
APPENDIX TO ME CO#ÜrRES8I0mi, GLOBE.
119
96th Cono......1st Sbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
of small bank paper; the re-establishment of the
currency of ihe Constitution for the Federal Go-
Ternment; ihe total divorce of the Federal Go-
vernment from ihe paper system; no surplus reve-
nos; and the principle of reciprocity in foreign
commerce: these were the objects laid down upon
my map; and which, together, constituted the sjs-
t-.XB at which I was to labor.
I proceeded upon a plan, consisting of many
parts, bat coherent in all its parts. All that I did
in relation to financial, commercial, and currency
questions, was subordinate to this plan, and tend-
ing to the result which I bad proposed to myself.
I was always moving upon my plan, howsoever de-
tached and even insignificant the motion might
seen to be; for I am not a man to act by fits and
starts, sporting crude or vagabond conceptions,
without regard te utility, and without consulting
the auspict s of propriety and effect.
Here, indeed, was a great work carved oat—a
large work to be performed—a great deal to be
pulled down and c'eartd away, tefore any new
erec ions could be commenced. The Bank of the
Uni ed States was the centre and the citadel of the
existing order of things. It was to be got rid of
before any thing else could be at empted. It was
the comer stone and the pillar of the paper sys-
tem; and besides its general cipacity to sustain
that system, it was in possession of the two precie
facultes which were incompatible with the exis-
tence of an Independent Treasury. It enjoyed the
chartered privileges of paying the public dues in its
own notes, and of keeping the public moneys in i s
own vaults. Now the Iadepend-nt Treasury sys-
tem required the Federal dues to be paid in the
constitutional currency, and the Federal moneys to
be kept by Federal officers. It is evident, then,
that the Bank privile?es must be cot rid of before
we could begin to build up an Independent Trea-
sury. Ail this I saw from the begnnng, and
therefore labored to get rid of one before I began
with the other.
All these objects were bfgan; some have been
pursued to success; some are en the point of being
accomplished; and some even yet but inceptivelv
presened to the public mind. Of the latter, were
my anti-surplus revenue resolutions of 1828, and
my commercial reciprocity resolutions of 1831
These two latter may justify a moment's elucida-
tion at this time, so far as lo show what they were;
as-the time is at hand when action will be attempted
upon them again.
1.  My anti-surplus revenue resolutions. They
were brought in at several different times, and were
intended to < fleet the repeal of the law which au-
thorised a surplus of two millions beyond the ap-
propriate ns to be permanently retained in the
Treasury, to meet the contingencies of a deficient
revenue. The proposition was to abolish this law;
and, in lieu of keeping surplus money on hand to
meet contingencies which might rarely occur, to
invest the Government with contingent authority
to borrow two millions or less, if, in the recess of
Congress, there should be a deficiency in the Trea-
sury to meet the demands of existing appropria-
tions. The kubject is as important now a< it was
hen, anl must command the attent on of Congress
sooner or later. The Secretary of the Treasury
has r peatedly asked for legislation on the subject
of ihe-« contingent deficiencies, and we cannot
get over this sessijn without considering his re-
quest.
2. The commercial reciprocity, and anti-public
debt resolutions, «re too elaborate, inferential, and
argumen a*ive tobe paraphrased;and I will, there-
fore, give them in their own words. They stand
thus on our journals:
In Senate op thb United States,
February 26, \83I.
Mr. Bbston submitted the following resolutions; which were
read, and ordered to be printed, ana laid on the table;
Resolved, That the powers conferred on Congress by the
States to lay and collect duties, and to regulate eummerce, are
distinct and incontrovertible powers, aiming at different objects,
and requiring different forms of legislative action; the levying
power being confined to imports, and chiefly intended to raise
revenue; the regulating power being directed to export, and
solely intended to procure favorable terms in foreign ports for
the admission of the ships and products of the Stales.
2. That the power te lay and collect duties on imports was so.
lieited by «he founders of che present Federal Government, and
granted by the ftatas, for the express purpose of paying; the
public debt, and with th  solemn aod reiterated assurance
that the duties levied for that purpose should cease the
moment the debt was paid; which assurance was given
in answer to objections from the States, and to quiet the
apprehension expressed by some of them, that the grant ol
power to Congress to raise revenue from the commerce of the
¡states, without limitation of time or quantity, and without ac-
countability to them for its expenditure, might render Congress
independent of the States, and endanger their liberties and pros-
perity.
3.  That the public debt will (probably) be paid off in the year
1834, and the amount of about twelve millions of dollars of re-
venue will then be subject to abolition, and ought to 1* abolish-
ed, according to the agreement of the parties at the establishment
of the present Federal Government, and in conformity to the
present actual condition and interest ofthe Stales.
4.  That an abolition of twelve millions of duties will be a re-
lief to the people from about sixteen millions of taxes, (esti-
mating the retail merchant's advance upon the duties at one-
third;) and that the said abolition may be made without dimin-
ishing the protection due to any essential branch or pursuit of
domestic industry, and with manifest advantage to most of
them.
5.  That, for the purpose of enabling Congress to determine
with entire safety to every interest, and with full satisfaction to
the public mind, what branches and pursuits of domestic in-
dustry may be entitled to protection, and ought to be guarded
from the injurious effect? ol foreign competition, a joint com-
mittee of die Senate and House of Representatives ought to be
appointed, to take the examinations of practical men (pro-
ducers, consumers, and importers,) in all doubtful cases, and
to report their evidence to the two Houses of Congress.
6.  That the said committee ought to be appointed at the com-
mencement of the next stated session.
7. That the power to regulate foreign commerce wasgranted to
Congress by the States for the express and sole purpose of ena-
bling Congress to obtain and secure favorable markets abroad for
the exports ofthe States, and favorable terms for the admission of
their ships, and to effect these objects by establishing an equita-
ble system of commercial reciprocity, discrimination, aod reta-
liation, which should measure back to every foreign nation the
same degree of favor or disfavor which itself measured out to
the commerce and navigation ofthe United States.
8.  That the power to regulate foreign commerce, although
one of the first of the enumerated powers in the Constitution,
and the inducing cause to its adoption, has never yet beenexer
cised by Congress.
9.  That the approaching extinction of the public debt, and
consequent obligation to abolish, and advantage in abolishing,
about twelve millions of annual revenue, will enable the United
States to receive a large portion of her foreign commerce, say
the one-half thereof, free of duty; and that the fair principles of
a just reciprocity, thedictates of obvious policy, justice to the
States, and the constitutional du'y of the Federal Government,
already too long deferred, will require this Government to de-
mand equivalents from all nations which may wish to be admit-
ted to a participation in the enjoyment of this great amount of
ftee and ui.restricted trade.
10.  That the free importation ofthe following articles (among
others) may be admitted into the United States without compro-
mising the prosperity of any branch or pursuit of domestic in-
dustiy, and with manifest advantage to most of them; namely,
linens; silks, wines, coffee, cocoa, worsted stuff goods, several
descriptions of woollens, several qualities of fine cottons, seve-
ral kinds of spirits, &c. &c.
11.  That the free importation of tha said articles ought to be
offered to all nations which shall grant equivalent advantages
te the commerce and navigation of the United States, and will
receive the products of their industry; namely, fish, furs, lum-
ber, naval stores, beef, bacon, pork, grain, flour, rice, cotton,
tobacco, live stock, manufactures of cotton, leather, wood, and
silk, butter and cheese, soap and candles, hats, glass, and gun-
powder, lead, shot, and sugar, spirits made of grain and molas-
ses, &c. &c. or some adequate proportion thereof, either free
of duty, or upon payment of moderate andreasonable duties, to
be agreed upon in treaties, and to continue for a term af years,
and to no other nations whatever.
12.  That there is nothing in existing treaty stipulations with
foreign powers to prevent the regulation of our commerce upon
the foregoing principles.
13.  That all commercial nations will find it to their advantage
to regulate their commerce wi;h the United States on these
principles, as, in doing so, they will substitute a fair and liberal
trade for a trade of vexations, oppressions, restrictions, and
smuggling; will obtain provisions for subsistence, and materi-
als for manufactures, on cheaper terms and more abundantly;
will promote their own exports; will increase their revenue, by
increasing consumption and diminishing smuggling; and, in le-
fusing to do so, will draw great injury upon themselves in the
loss which will ensue of several great branches of their trad6
with the United States.
14.  That the agriculture, manufactures, commerce, and na-
vigation ofthe United States would be greatly benefitted by re-
gulating foreign trade on the foregoing principles: first, by
getting rid of oppressive duties upon Ihe staple productions of
the United States in foreign markets; secondly, by lowering at
home the price of many articles of comfort or necessity, im-
ported from abroad.
15.  That Ihe Eafest and most satisfactory mode of regulating
foreign commerce on these principles would be by combining
the action of the legislative and treaty making powers. Con
greca fixing, by law or joint resolution,thearticlessn which du
ties may be abolished, and the Executive negotiating with
foreign nations for the grant of equivalents.
16.  That to be in readiness to carry this system of regulating
foreign commerce into efleet at Ihe extinction of the public
debt, it will be necessary for Congress to designate the articles
for abolition of duty at the next stated session.
I do not s'op to make any remark upon these
resolutions; the true is at hand when it will be pro-
per to renew them, and to discuss them; and the
important report from the Secretary of State, (Mr.
Forsylh,) called f.r by the Senate, at its last fes-
sion, on my motion, and now in the hands of the
prin'er, will furnish us with the means of discuss-
ing tbem to advantage. Por the present, I will
only remark, that if the principle of these regain,
«ens bad betft adopted, instead of epactiif that
Procustes-bed ac , commonly cabled the compromise
act, whereby high duties were lo be cut down, and
low ones stretched up, and many abolished in toto,
without eqniva'eats; and all without "rhyme or
r<ason,M or the slightest regard to any constitu-
tional principle or national interest.—I say, if the
principle of these resoluiions had been adopted, in
lieu of such anomalous legislation, we should not
now have to lament an importation of filtymillionsof
free goods, without equivalents, and from countries
which load our exports wi:h taxes, and fetter them
with restrictions.
I return from this digression, and proceed with
the subjects immediately connected with the bill be-
fore the Senate. My financial map presented a
large work; and it required time, and patience, and
much labor to conquer success. To prepare the
public mind for such changes—for so much pull-
ing down, as well as building up—was the first
step in the herculean undertaking; and, to do this,
many speeches were to be digested and de'ivrred;
and speeches of a different kind from those which
the thetoric;ans teach us to pronounce. We live
in an age of intelligence and act;vity, and when
the public mind is powerfully directed to objects of
utility. In speaking to such a peiple, I concluded
that, of the six parts of the regular oration, four
parts might be thrown away: that 1 could dispense
with all except the facts, and the application of the
facts, cemented and enforced by reason. Upon
this plan I spoke. My speeches were stripped of
ornament, stinted of phrases, and crowded with
material. They were brimfull of facts and rea-
sons; and this was a compliment to the intelligence
of the age in which I lived. The compliment was
not misapplied: the intelligence of the age was not
overrated. The event has proved that it was not.
At the end of some years the public debt was paid
—the National Bank was laid in the tomb—the
gold currency was revived—the silver currensy
was vastly augmented—a return to the constitu-
tional currency for the Federal Government be-
came a measure of the Democracy—the separa-
tion oí the Government from the paper system be-
came equally their measure: and political parties,
returning to the deba'e and controversy of original
principles, exhibiied themselves on the respective
grounds of Federalism and Democracy which they
stood upon in the early days of Hamilton and
Jeffersen.
Besides preparing the public mind for great
changes, the means and machinery of the changes
were also to be prepared; and this led to an almost
infinite number of propositions offered at different
time?, in detached parts, by instalments as it were;
but all tending to the same end, and to the same
ultimate object, of re-establishing the hard m. ney
Government of the Constitution. It would be tedi-
ous, and in fact, imposiible to detail all these pro-
positions at this time; but a few of them, selected
from the mass, and in different years, will show
the s'eadicess of the pursuit, and the earliness of
my action on the subject. I have already shown
that as far back as the 3d of February, 1831, in
my first speech against the Bank of the United
States, I raised the hard money standard for the
Federal Government, and denounced its total re-
paration from the paper system. Following up
the plan therein indicated, I brought, forward in the
winter of 1833-34, namely, on the 2d day of Janu-
ary, 1834, specific propositions to correct the go'd
standard—to legalize the circulaton of foreign sil-
ver—and to repulse from the Federal Treasury all
bank paper of less denominaron than twenty dol-
lars. In a speech against the Bank of ihe United
States which I then delivered, I gave the notice for
these resrlutions, and pledged myself to bring them
in, and follow them up to a derided issue. I will
here read an extract from that speech which will
verify what I have the honor to say. This is the
extract:
■The reform ofthe gold currency, Mr. ^^RKif^tés
hk. original plan in  PP< ¡nKthe «¡«HLílífcS"hetrt-the
Bank charter. It was still the datugt «*ftfLSZi.aav though ;
splendid vision of his mid™  «jAg^iSTb 
and, with the leave of the «Scnele, faMW " "¡m'enl8 „n the cur-
present speech, a^ in iHuettalioft^M*^"           drau.n ¿
rency,a set «fresorutlonswftieh ftj  0oí-nítory ° « the Ban It
and o'nly awaitefl the t^¿2*f& *£*<** claim their
ofthe UnitedI *w«w#Jj*2 tem7i.UrVeutot6ringthem
