ían. 1840.
APPBNDÍX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
121
26th Cong*••• 1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
discouraged, and did not mean to give up the ship,
I happen to have some higher evidence to prove than
my own as¿ertion could now be: I happen to pos-
sess a letter, dated in September of the same yt ar,
and addressed to Mr. Wm. M. Gouge, of this city,
so well known for his meritorious writings on
banks and banking. It was written in September,
1836, and was in answer to a detailed plan for a
Sub-Treasury system, which be addresst-d to me
where I then was, namely, among the Viiginia
Spriog<. I kept no copy of my letter, but have
lately obtained one from him; which, with his an-
swer to my request for the copy, I will read, both
in justice to him, as one of the early and steadfast
friends of the separation of Bank and State—justice
t3 General Jackson, as < ne of the early approvers
of the plan—and in justice to myself, as not de-
spairing under defeat—as being fully impressed with
the impending dangers of the paner system, deter-
mined to compromise nothing, telying upon the peo-
ple, and fully anticipating fatuie success—actually
anticipating the very measure, even to its form,
which we now have before us. His letter to me,
■ending the copy of my own, is thif:
Washington, January 9, 1840.
Dear Sib: Enclosed is a copy of your letter to me from Warm
Springs.
It may not be amiss to mention, that on the 4th of March,
1636, (the day on which the charter of the United States Bank
expired.) 1 addressed a short letter to General Jackson, signify -
ing my intention, if it should fee acceptable to him, to address
him at length on the subject of entirely separating banking and
fiscal concerns. Having received a favorable verbal reply,
throush a mutual friend, I set about the task, but, through
press of business, could not complete it till August of .that year.
The address filled nine foolscap sheets, and the substance of it
was published immediately after the Bank suspension in 1837,
in pamphlet form, under the title of "An Inquiry," <fcc. My
letter to you, which filled three foolscap sheets, was an abridg-
ment of my letter to Gen. Jackson.
Very respectfully, yours,
WM. M. GOUGE.
Hon. T. H. Benton, United States Senate.
And this was my letter to him:
Waum Springs, Vir. Sept. 22, 1836.
Deas Sir: Your esteemed faver of the 2d inst overtook me
at this place, and I am very sensible to the importance of all
you say. The people ara with us; the politician?, even of our
own rarty, are mostly against us. I shall, however, have no
compromises; and work on with those who will work with me.
I am fully impressed with the impending dangers of the paper
system, and wish to see the Federal Government wholly discon-
nected from the local banks. The disuse of their paper,and ihe
disuse of their vaults, are both desirable to me; and I had look-
ed upon the mints and branch minis, with a lew additional
ones, as places of deposite for the public moneys. A modifica-
tion of yourplan of sub-treasuries, so as to connect them with
the mints, seems to be feasible; and I shall be glad to talk with
you on the subject at Washington, and, in the meantime, to hear
from you as often as convenic nt. 1 go to Lexington in this
State.                   Yours truly,
THOMAS H. BENTON.
Wm. M. Goose, esq. Washington City.
Mr. Presiden', these are tedious details, and both
minute and individual in their bearing; but now
that the end has crowned the work—now that
the Independent Treasury system has become
the leadirg policy with the Democratic party, and
is supported by an immense major.ty of the Ame-
rican people—at such a time there is something
more than selfish gratification—there is justice and
utility in locking back to iis humble commence-
ment—its s-low and doubtful progre.-s—and to re-
view the labors of those who were its fiitnds when
it had so few.
The catastrophe of 1837, was preparing; and I
saw it as distir.clv before it happened as afterwards.
In the winter of 1836-7,1 po:nted out this catastto-
phe to the then President elect—the now President
—of the United States. I invited him into the
Finance Committee room of the Senate in the
winter '36-37—four months before the banks ex-
p'oded—and made known to him my opinion of
the coming danger. I spoke to him in his high
character of President elect, and to warn him of
the tempest which was to salute his nascent Admi-
nistration. I should not mention this, if it was not that
the President himself well remembers it, and often
mentions it. I had no more doubt then of ihe com-
ing explosion, than I had after the nine hundred
banks of the Union had actually shut np. My opi-
nion was not guess work; but a conclusion of rea-
son and judgmen , formed from a view of facts,
and as demonstrable as a proposition in Euclid.
I judged from these facts: 1. That ihe Bank of the
United States, the mother of the paper system, was
rotten and wicked, andweuld fall, and would draw
iowa tberest with her, 2. That the whole paper sys-
tem was distended to the bursting point. 3. That the
smaller class of our deposite banks were ready for
bankruptcy, many of them having fiom twenty to
thirty, and even forty dollars of liabil tks for one
dollar in specie. 4. That the deposite act, requi-
ring thirty six millions to be deposited with the
States in nine months—from ihe fiist of January
to the first of October—in addition to furnishing
nearly as much more for the expenses of the Go-
vernment—thai this act must compel the large de-
posite banks to choose between etching their debt-
ors, or closing their doors. Thcye were the facts
I went upon; and while the three first were suffi-
cient for the event, the fourth insured it. Of this I
was so certain at ihe time of the passing of the act,
that, denouncing it as a consequence, I also de-
manded if it was an object of that act1? This is what
I said—one passase, arm ng a thousand similar:
"Now what is the object of all this? 13 it the object to take
all the money for the purpose of distribution, and leave none
for the defence of the country? Is it the object to break all the
deposite banks? Is it the object to distress the country, by
makingthe deposite banks call in all their loans in six months?
U it their object to ruin the cutrency, by enabling the Whig
Stales to draw their distributive shares in specie, and com-
pelling the banks to stop payment, and then catling far the
Bank of the United States as the only remedy for the evil?
Whether all this is theOBJECT, it will be the effect; and to do
all this, it is necessaiy to reach back three years to find money
in the Treasury whi'rn is not. there, and thus make a larger
sum for distribution than the deposite banks can pay."
This is what I said—a little of what I said—on
the 13th day of April, 1836, while the deposite act
—that child of many fathers, was still in the chry-
salis state—still .struggling amid-.t the contused em-
braces of its contendirg progenitors—each of whom
saw, or thought he saw, the honois of the Repub-
lic await ng the brows of the fortunate man who
should impiess his name and his features on ihe
babe. I, on the contrary, saw nothing in it but
woe and *hame—mischief to the countiy, and hu-
miliation to its authors.
The catastrophe came; the bank explosion of
1837 cam?; the month of May, 1837, saw it ar-
iive: and, at one sride, ihe Df moeratic party step-
ped up to ihe place where I had been standin?
"solitary and alone" for seven lontr yerrs. The ca-
tastrophe came; ihe President, in a noble message
which appr. ved him the wor-hy successor of Jack-
sen, and the wor hy choice of the American people;
this calm, sjgacious, firm, patr.otc President hung
out the banner fcr the divorce of Bank and Sta!e—
for a return to the Constitution, and the act of '89,
in thee tablisbment of an Independent Treasury
for the exclusive keeping of the people's money,
which money was to be the exclusive gold and sil-
ver currency of o'ir wi'e and venerated Constitu-
tion. The President did his part; the people back-
ed him; but their Repre etitatives falt^ied; and a
second explosion of the psper system had to add
it.-elf to the argument bef.re the minds of the
doubting could be convinced, and the spirits of the
wavering confirmed. The second suspension
came, and the argument was conciusive.
This al.-o was pn eient foreseen, and foretold by
me. The Senate will bear wilh me if I go into
som? personal details. I sm no ex post facto
pr< phet; I am no am' i^uous oracle. I nei'her
proph'cy af er the fact, nor ambiguously before it.
I speak befor, han^; .speak plainly, and 'o the point,
ard write it ('own; and here is what I wrote down,
beyond the Mississippi, at different peiiids, and in
different letters lo my constituents, during the
twelve months which preceded the fecond suspen-
sion, that of October, 1839.
To the Democratic cit zens of St. Lou:s, under
date of the 25 h of O.t >ber, 1838—twelve months
before the event—I w rote:
"Since the veto session of 1832, the political part of the hanks
and their confederates have convulsed the countiy with alter-
nate expansions and contractions of the paper currency, to
make the people cry out for a National Bank; and they are
now preparing for another convulsion of the same kind. New
banks are created, paper money is forced into circulation,
small notes are multiplied, a vast quantity of bills of exchange
is accumulating upon New Orleans and New York; and while
this preparation for another catastrophe is going on, we hear it
unanimously repeated by all the initiated of the party, that the
resumption of specie payments was premature and unsafe-
thai it cannot last—and that there can be no lasting and perma-
nent resumption until a National Bank is established. This is
what is going on, and this is what is said by those who have had
the power, heretofore, to make good their predictions, and have
charged all the mischief they create upon seme act, no matter
what, of the Administration. Hut the next suspension may
not beso easy ajob as the last The process of resumption has
developed a diviiion among the banks.  We have seen a re- I
sumption and non-resumption flag; in the next attempt to close
vaults we shall see a suspension and non-suspension nag. The
business banks will resist the suspension; the political ones
will force it if they can; and in this division the community
and the laws will find an auxiliary in the non-suspending banks
which may enable them to prostrate the machinations of the
architects of mischief.
"The bank suspension (which was a contrived piece of busi-
ness, and one of the objects of the distribution law) was fully
counted upon to restore the Federal party and its tutelary deity,
the Bank of the United States, to full power; but it was made
at the wrong time. It was a master stroke, but wrong timed.
It should have been made in the fourth, instead of first, year
of Mr. Van Huron's administration. It was premature. Its au-
thors did their best to make it last until the next Presidential
election; but the Democracy of the New York banks forced the
resumption; andnow there is no alternative but to make a
suspension fur the elections of 1840. It is a bad chance, but it
is the only chance. They are dead without it; and accordingly
all the preparations are now in full progress for that catastro-
phe. The preliminary steps are already taken. An expansion
of the paper currency has commenced, to be followed at the
proper lime by a sudden contraction, and tin consequent
stoppage of the b.mks, and the general derangement of the bus-
nessof the countiy."
To the Democratic citizens of Calloway counly,
one hundred and fifty miles beyond the Missis.-ippi,
and under date of the 10th of November, 1838—
eleven months before the event—I wrote:
"The United States Bank notes received are themselves remit-
ted to the East as Eastern funds; and thus the State loses both
the specie which it had, and the notes which it received for
them. In fact the notes are sent out to capture specie, and to
return with it. This is the cose wiih the Eastern notes which
are imported; not so with the Western and with the miserable
post notes! these are retained for domestic consumption, and
sent into the country, and perseveringly pushed into the hands
of the farmers; and in a little time, if these opeiations are al-
lowed to go on, there will be nothing but this trash in their
hands. The State will ilien be ready for Ihe new suspension,
the new panic, and the new distress; which will be charged, of
course, to any thing that Mr. Van Bui en may do, or say, or ne
matter what, about that time "
To the Democratic citizens of the Ozark Moun-
tain, two hundred and fifty miles beyond the Mis-
sissippi, and under date of the 1st day of June,
1839—four months before the event—I wrole:
"The present paper system of the United States cannot
stand, even if there was no pecuniary or political object ia
blowing it up every three or foui years. A thousand banks
¡--suing small notes and post notes, and doing business upon
each other's paper, could not stand, even if all hands were ia
f ivor of saving them; but this is not the case. Many are in
favor of periiidical explosions of the banks, both for pecuniary
and political objects, and especially to cause a resuscitation ot
the National Bank; and these will acr.elei ale the event, which
would come of itself in a few years; and thus peri wheal ly afflict
the country with a broken bank currency."     *          *          *
'•I look upon the establishment of the Independent Treasury
system as ai even*, which sooner or later must take place; but
it may be that another 'stispension' must be added to the argu-
ment befóte it can-be carried."
To the Democratic citizens of Howard coumy,
near two hundred miles beyond the Mississippi,
and under date of July 5, 1839—three months be-
fore the event—I wrote:
'•Certain I am that there is a cleir line of distinction between
the different classes of banks of the United States—a line that
was drawn at the time of the resumption, and which separated
the commercial and business institutions, which were in favor
of resuming and doing the best they could, from the political and
gambling banks, which were against resumption, and in favor
of perpetuating the evils of an irred emable currency. I
traced the line in March, 1838, two months before it was tie-
voloped to public view. It exists now, and the latter class ef
banks arc as intent upon another suspension now, as they were
against resumption. Unhappily, they are able to make the
mischief which they predict and wish, and the vast gambling
operations in which they are concerned, in cotton and storks,
may accelerate the event which is so essential to their designs.
1 look upon the banks which are engaged in the great cotton
and other speculations as no more worthy of credit that the
gambler whose whole fortune is nightly staked at the faro
table."
This is what I wrole—a part of what I wrote—to
put my constituents on their guard against the se 
cond suspension; and guarded they were: for,when
the blow came, they were prepared for it, and
nailed the s¡ ecie flag lo the mast, and repel'ed the
Biitish-Bank-born imp, SUSPENSION, from all
their borders.
This would seem to be prophecy enough in rela-
tion to this second suspension; but the citation
would be incomplete if I did not add one more in-
stance, though not of a written character. It so
happened that, in the mon'h of April last, just be-
fore I left this place for the Great West, I met the
Pie^dent on horseback near the lower bridge in
Georgetown; it was soon after the day of the exit
of an old, and the entrance of a new president,
through the portals of a certain marble ta"*in8
house in the city of the loving brothers—Fntios
adelphos—and when that shifting of ch?™**J*
naturally led to a certain topic. I then said to me
. President, what he has done me the honor to re-
mind me of since,tbat *e second suspension would
take place before we met aSam¡ but that it would.
