m
APPmmfíi TO HÍÉ COttGxiKSStOKAL OtOBE.
Jan. 184 Ó.
2©th Cono-•••1st. Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
----------------" front it  ruined fortunes,
Slini all away."
Mr. Prcident, a faint attempt is made here to
resuscitate the ghosts of the panics which have
acted so formidable a part in onr politics for many
years past.   It is sent forth that this bti! is to im-
pose an exclusive hard money currency upon the
people and upon the State-;; that it is to cat djwn
the price of all labor, produce, and property, to a
specie siandard; that all debtors are to be ruined,
and all laborers beggared.   This, fir, i* what is
tent forth; but it is a mere experiment on the pub-
lic credulity—a mere assault upon the nerves of the
timid.   The bill will have none of these effects, but
the contrary.   It only applies to the receipts and
expenditures of the Federal Treasury; and its only
inflaence opon the general currency will be to im
prove  it, by infusing a larger portion of gold
and   silver in'o  it.    The country need not be
a1 armed.   After triumphing over so many great
panics,  it  may   look   with   conti-mpt  on   this
starveling affair which begins so faintly in this
chamber, and which the moneyed power is no lon-
ger in a condition to patronize.   Without the pa-
tronage of that power, a panic is impossible.   It
take? money to make one; the want of money, the
application of money, and the extraction of money.
Politician!', with their alarm speeches, can do no-
thing in such a case without a mammoth batk, and
its iron screws.   This they have not now; and I
predict a total failure in the present attempt to
alarm and terrify the country.   Far from having
an exclusive metallic currency, the danger is that
we   shall  have  an   exclusive   paper   currency.
Twice  in   two   years  it has  been   exclusively
paper,    once    over    the   whole   Union,    now
over the half of it; and the friends and authors of
this exclusive paper, and depreciated paper, affect
kb alarm for too much specie! They accuse others
of nwditating this specie currency, while they them-
oet be a total eclipse—only about half on the
somhern limb of the sun.
Yes, it has   come!   The  second suspension is
upon us, but in diminished terror and mischief; to
the former, as the whelp to the lion—as Hyperion
to the Satyr.   The latal Bank, of foreign owner-
ship and foreign impuls on, was the chief agent in
contriving them both, and proudly lorded it over
the first ruin it had inflicted; but now, no longer
proudly eminent, or standing like a tower, it
" Ptept through the horizontal misty air,
Shorn of it* beams; and from b-.hind the moon,
In éim ectipse, disastrous ttriligkt shtds
On half the States."
It has come! and with it the demand of an im-
mennse majority of the American people lor the
instant annd total divorce of Bank and State, and
the permanent esabh>hment of a National Trea-
sury, to be the exclusive keeping place of the ex-
clusive money of the people. And here I will close
this chapter of predictions past and fulfilled, with
making one more, whose event is yet in the womb
!of time; and that is this: That, if the Independent
Treasory is not now adopted, it will be establish
ed after the next general election with perfect ease, i
and in a stronger and better form.
Mr. President, I approach the teimination of a
long and toilsome work.   The financial map which
I spread before me ten years ago, sees the last of
its objects on the point of consummation.   I have ;
a right to the pleasures of retrospect—to the joys
of an honest exultation—at the successful conclu-   ¡
sioa of so much labor.   For seven long years, un-
der the lead  of the hero President, and  backed    ¡
by a few friend*, I battled on ihis floor against a
combined political and moneyed power, which was
able, during all that  time, to counterpoise   the
weight of the Government and the people ; and, to
crown its audacity, by dragging the MAN of the
AGE to the bar of the Senate, and branding him
with a sentence, which the JDSTICE OF THE
PEOPLE has REVERSED, and ordered to be
EXPUNGED from our records.   This once pow-
erful combination is now dissolved and broken ; the
political part limps over the field; the moneyed part
lies in the dust—a mass of ruin, ot infamy, and of
crime.   No more the object of hope or fear to any,
its enemies pepare for it the tomb and the winding
shee ; faithful history prepares f r k an immortali-
ty of odium and abhorrence; and i's friends, they—
like the table familiars of Timon—
selves, twice in three years, have actually imposed
an exclusive, univeisal, and broken down paper
currency upon the people, and now have it upon
hall the Union. No, sir. It is not danger of spe-
cie, but danger of paper, that we have to dread.
That is the evil which has afflicted us for thirty
yeais. It is the evil which now afflicts u«, and
which will continue todo so until the Federal Go-
vernment returns to the specie medium in all its
own transactions; and, in supplying its own wants,
occasions the wants-of the country to be supplied
at the same time.
What is the Indpendent Treasory ? andjwhy is it
called independent? Certainly because it is to re-
lieve the Federal Government from dependence on
a fragile bank currency, and to relieve it from de-
pendence on fragi'e banks to keep i's money. It is
now dependent on both; and experience proves that
it is leaning on a broken reed. It is to make this
great Government—the world's last hope forrepub-
l.can liberty—to make it independent of petty cor-
porations, themselves the helpless dependents of
others. Sir, what is the banking system of ihe
United States but the tail, the fungus, the excres-
cence of the British paper system, to be cut off and
sacrificed every time that the mother system in
England requires it to be immolated for her preser-
vation ? What is it but this? Lock at it in all its
parts—in the aggrega'e a* well as the segngate—
and see what it is—how weak in itself and how de-
pendent upon o'.heis. The banks of the South and
West, built upon the sandy foundation of borrowed
paper, are dependent upon thosa of Ihe North-
east ; those of the Nor heast are dependent
upon the paper fabric of England: and this
lrail work of lawn and gossamer is itself de-
pendent upon the géneros.ty of Holland and
France. The whole banking system of the United
States has its centre in London! its masters are
there! All the business of our country is linked to
a chain whose fast end is in London. And shall the
Government of the United States remain dependent
upon a system whofe masters are in London? Shall
it remaiu linked to a chain whose fast end is there?
The enemies of the Independent Tte?sury say it
shall; itsfrietds say it shall net; and this is the
question now to be tried. If the bill passes, this
Government becemes independent of the paper
system who-e mastets are in London: if it fails,
we remain subject to them; and, ju<t so often as
their wants require it, or their policy dictates it,
this Governmsnt is to be deprived of its revenues,
reduced to the use of broken bank paper; and its
eitiz.n1  denied shillings for the post office, or the
market, while ship loads of go'd and silver are de-
spatched to our masters in England.
Mr. President, I have been accustomed for a long
time—for years past—to hear our paper system
orators attack and deride hard money, and stigma-
tize as barbati" ns the naion3 which use it. To
listen to them, and a hard money currency is the
very badge and evidence of barbarism. Asiatics,
Africans, and savage Indians, aretheir exeropl fica-
tons of such nations; and to the level of these would
they reduce all the people who prefer gold 10 paper.
This is a fine compliment to the hard money men
who framed cur Constitution, and believed they
had conferred the greatest blessing upon us in
giving ns a hard money Government. It is
a fine compliment to our Eng'ish ancestor',
who had no paper currency until the fore-
part of the la-1 century. It is a fine compli-
ment to those Greeks and Romans to whom we are
accustomed to look for all (hit is great and beauti-
ful in the human race, and who never had a con-
ception of paper money. It is a fine compliment
to France, wrrch now has a specie currency of
five hundred and fifiy millions of dollars, and no
bank note less than five hundred francs. It is a
fine compliment to all fhe*e people and na-
tions. But, letting that pass, I should be glad
to slop a moment with these paper orators in
the little kingdom formerly repub'ic, of Holland— j
that ancient Balavi, where Julius Cse'ar found j
the bravest of the Gauls, and ask th^m what j
they think of the barbarism of the country which
has produced such statesmen as the De Witts, !
the Bameveldts, and some of the princes ef
Orange; which bis produced luch generals  as
Tromp, de Ruy ter, Prince Maurice, and Winter?
Such admirals as Van Tromp, who sailed up the
Thames with a broom at his masthead, significant of
his having swept the channtl and ihe ocean? Such
physicians as Boerhaave—such theologians as
Gomar and Arminius—such scholar? and civilians
as Erasmus, Grotus, Lewenhoeck, Heinsius, Gro-
novious, and Swammerdam, such painters as
Rembrandt? I would like to know what these
orators think of the barbarism of the country,
which has produced such men as these; and which,
bf sides, was the birthplace of the agriculture, the
commerce, and the manufactures which new en-
rich and adorn England, France and so many
other countriei? "What they think of the
country which gave t> Europe and the world, the
telescope, the microscope, the pendulum, and the
thermometer? that country which, before the Ame-
rican Revolution, was the as ylum and the
refuge of the persecuted in rel:gien, in
politics and in lieratute? that country in
which Bayle composed his great work, and where
Peter the Great wotked at the ship-caipenter's
tradt? that eountiy which was the home of print-
ing, the resort of tcholars, the seat of renowned
universities, the mother and the patroness of the
fine and the useful ait*; and which, for a long
time, was regarded as the Eye of Europe, as
Athens had been cal'ed the Eye of Greece? Accord-
ing to the reason.ng of these orators, and their test
of barbarism, this Holland mu t havs been a
savage place; for she had no bank notes all this
while, nothing but hard money and the commer-
cial bill of exchange. According to them, the
very badge and evidence of barbarism was upon
her. Her rank, in the scale of civi «ation, was
that of Africa, Asia, and our Indian tribes!
Sir, there is nothing more humiliating in the
whale circle of political economy than the speech
of a paper system orator in praise of paper money
and bank credits, and in abuse of hard money and
ready pay.     All his notions are drawn from Eng-
land—drawn from her since she became a paper
money country.   This modern England is the ob-
ject of his study, the example of his imitation, the
idolatrous subject of his won-hip.    All his notions
of finance and currency must be drawn from that
soutce, wheie the banks have been in a state of
suspension exactly the one-half of the last fifty
years; while France and Holland, whose currencies
have remained  unshakea amidst wars, invasions,
rebellions, and changes of dynasty, and which are
the SAVIORS of England from her own false sys-
tem, are overlooked and despised.     Yet France
and   Holland   present   the  two highest   models
for   the   study    of   currency   whin   the   his-
toiy of the world  affords.    At   this   very mo-
ment   we   see   the    Bank    of   England    i.nd
the    Bank    of   the    United   States   going   to
France and Holland to seek relief from impending
destruction; yet we study and copy the examples of
these mendicant seekers after relief, while thxne
who save and relieve them are overlooked and
despised!   In consequence,  we have the  bacest
currency   in   the   world—one   which makes  the
South and the West the slave of the Northeast,
while the Northeast it-elf is the slave of England,
while England herself is a victim to her own vi-
cious system, and only saved from periodical de-
strocóos by the generosity of Holland and France.
France has trie! btth paper and gold, and the stu-
dy of six years of her his'ory—the study of it from
1799 to 1806—from ihe exclusive depreciated pa-
per currency of the Republic to the exclusive spe-
cie currency of the Emp le—will teach all nations
the easy way to reform a ruined cunency, and to
lecover the solid one, which is the only sure basis
of public and private—of national and individual,
prosperity.   When Bonaparte became First Con-
sul, in 1799, the currency of France was far worse
than that of Michigan or Mississippi at this mo-
ment.   Neither the Government, nor the peopl ,
had specie; nothing but as>ignats and mandats,
wholly inconvertible   and ruinously deprecia'ed;
yet, in six years, ihat great man had cha-ed away
paper, and brought in above five hundred millions
of gold and silver; enough to revive industry, to
sustain prices, to reward labor, to defray the ex-
penses of wars and of the Imperial Coart; to main
