Jai . 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iéá
26th Cong....... 1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Ctuy, of Ky.
Senate.
roads, canals and docks, and to baild a navy;
enough, in a word, for the habitual currency of the
forty millions of souls who constituted the popula-
tion of the Empire.
Holland is another subject for the study of the
American statesman. A  mall territory of eleven
thousand square miles, lying below the level of the
sea__drawing fifty feet water as Hudtbras rhymes
t—and walled in to keep the sea out; a soil of clay,
sand, and loam; a disadvantageous climate; with-
out a mine, a fossil, a stone, a mineral, or afortU
tree: this little country, so small in nsel', and so
little favored by nature, besides the pre-eminence
which it attained in agriculture, manufactures,
and commerce; in military and naval warfare; in
learning and in science; in the useful and
in the fine arts; besides a'l this, thu little
eounry conttuted itself the SPECIE WARE-
HOUSE OF EUROPE AND AMERICA! lend-
ing gold to all nation*; to emperors, kings, and
princes; to cities, states, and corporations; to this
eiryeven, which, with its six millions of chartered
bank capital, was unable to pay back either prin-
cipal or interest; and must have been sold upon
thirty days' notice at public anciion, if the
United States had not assumed the debt. This is
Holland;a country which has no paper money banks,
but which has merchants who are able to save the
Bank of England, and the Bank of the United
States, from breaking like glass; merchants who are
able to lend gold by the million at four per centum
per annnm, while we give two per cent, a month
lor depreciated paper; who are able to purchase
every dry goods store in such a State as Missouri,
(St. Louis included,) pay down for them in gold,
tben set fire to them and burn them up, and never
know that they had lost any thing except by the
change of figures at the foot of the ba lance sheet. This
is Holland, and her merchants, who never saw a
bank sote; and yet we have dry good merchants
in Missouri, whose store a real strong man could
run a stick through, and hang over his shoulder,
and walk of with; and who undertake to persuade
people that they can do no business at all—can
credit nobody, and mu t sue every body—unless
they have a branch of the United States Bank to
accommodate them wi h paper credits.
Yes, s r; this is Holland, the spec e magazine of
Europe and America; the meadow and the garden
of Europe; the happy home of a rich, moral, and
tranquil population of 200 to the square mile; and
which has made itself what it is, not by building
paper credit banks, and borrowing money on the
resources of po terity, but by INDUSTRY,
ECONOMY, HARD MONEY, and SHORT
CREDIT.
Holland is the country for our statesmen to
study; but if she is too distant, let them cross over
to the island of Cuba, and there see a population
of less than one million and near one half of
them slaves, carrying on an immen-e com-
merce, building a commercial city second only
to New York in the New World, paying twenty-one
millions of dollars annually in direct and indirect
coutribu ions to the Government; paying h<gh for
wages, produce, and property; and doing the whole
upon gold alor.e and the commercial bill of ex-
change ! I say, and repeat, upon go'd alone, and
this bill of exchange; for a bank note of any kind,
and a piece of silver, except of twenty-five cents and
under, for change, is not to be seen upon the is'and.
To our Southern S atej—to the whole cotton,
rice, tobacco, and sngar growin? region—now so
grievously afflicted with the curses of the paper
system; to all this ie?ion I would say, study the
financial hi tory of Holland, France, and Cuba.
Follow their example! emulate their solid currency.
Imitate them! and in a few years you will not only
be lifted from the misery, degradation, demoraliza-
tion and ruin of a depreciated currency, but you will
have a superabundance of real mone>; gold enough
for all your own uses, and to lend to all
America besides. You will become the specie
warehouse of the commercial world; to which all
nations will report to borrow gold, and which will
return to you the instant they have borrowed it.
Your hundred millions of exportable productions,
and augmenting every year, will quickly produce
|h& magic change, if, emerging from the 8ert .
man bog of paper money in which you are now
sunk, you plant yourselves on the solid rock efgold and silver.
To the other States I would say, do the like, and the like le-
sults, to a less extent, will be your reward and your blesemg
At least imitate France, and eschew all paper below one hun-
dred dollars But tins is their own affair. As things now
stand, it belongs to them to afflict or to bless themselves. To
the Federal Government it belongs, as the preservation of the
sacred fire belonged to the Roman vestals—to this Government
it belongs to preserve the sacred currency of the Constitution.
To this Government it belongs to do thip;' and to a long scries
of measures pursued for this purpose, for thehst ten years, tt.e
establishment of the Independent Treasury now comes in as the
crowning act to seal and consummaie the whole
Mr. WRIGHT said he thought it his duty to
notice this motion to amend the bill, that the
Senate might understand its effect. For himself,
he did cot consider it of the least possible impor-
tance to retain the woids which were propose! to
be stricken out. Tney were intended as a rule,
requiring the Treasury to receive such paper as
was i-saed by and under the responsibility of this
Government. The bill, as it was now, would
come into operation on the fust of July next; on
the thirtieth of June next the last Treasury note,
issued on the authority of Congress for the last two
sessions, would become redeemable, so ihat Mr.
W. was not aware that, when the bill would cc me
into operation one dollar of Government paper
would be afloat. But, supposing Congress at any
future time should pass laws making paper
receivable, it must be then receivable, by such
laws, or this clause would not mike it so. Thee
was no objection, therefore, to the striking out the
words, and yet there could be no great practical mis-
chief in retaining them. It was of little consequence
eitner way.
Mr CALHOUN was understood to concur
entirely in the views of Mr Wright.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky. I would as'r the
Senator from from New Yoik what is his
unders'anding of the operation of the bill in a
case of this kind: The Secretary of ihe Treasury
of the United State issues a warrant in the couse
of his disbursements on the receiver-general at
New York, and thehoh'er of the warrant is perhaps
in Philadelphia, or Boston, or Charleston, or New
Orleans; would he not be authorized with his bill
or warrant to make payment of his dues on im-
portations at the custom-house where he happens
to be, or mu t he go to New York to the leceiver-
general to d.spcse of his warrant?
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not suppose the amend-
ment or Ihe bill, as it is now, would affect ihit
matter at all. They n^w take such warrants at
ihe Treasury, or in any part of the country.
Mr. CLAY. Toen I understand the con-truc-
tionofthe lili by the chairman tobe, that, the
colectara' Charleston, or elsewhere, to whom a
warrant is tendered, drawn on New Yoik, while
he is not compeled to receive it, yet is not pro-
hibiied from receivit g it by this bill in eiiher form.
Mr WRIGHT.   Precisely so.
Mr. BENTON said he bel'eved he should have
a unanimous Vote in favor of his motion to strike
out. He would consi Jer this an indication of the
sentiment of thu Senate against the fuiu e is-u° cf
Federal paper money. That this might appear on
the recorrt, he called for the yeas and nays, wh;ch
were ordered.
Mr. NORVELL «aid that, in eivi'nf his vote to
strike out the provision of the bill, which admitted
the reception and disbursemert of bills or Treasury
notes issued under ihe authori'y of the United
S ate?, he wished it to be distinctly understt od that
he did not vote in con'emplation of the fact that
this Government should, in no exigency, and upon
no occasion when its neces-ities might require it,
emit bills of credit to meet the emergency. Occa-
sions would arise on wh'ch the use of Treasury
notes, or some similar paper by the Government,
would be indispensable. He had made this decla-
ration because of the intimation that the decision
of the Senate on this motion might be produced
against any proposition to issue Government paper
hereafter, ¡four necessities require it.
Mr. CALHOUN said that he, like the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Norvell,] would not permit,
by his silence, the mover of the amendment to
draw an inference from his vote not intended. He
would vote for the amendment, because he consi-
dered, it, under «xi  ing circumstance*, perfectly
immaterial; and thus thinking, he was ready to ac-
commodate any member who preferred the bill
without the wort's proposed to be struck out, and
not because he thought that the Government ought
never to resort to the use of its own credit in its
fiscal operations. He thought no such thing, bat,
on ihe contrary, he believed it would be often con-
venient, and sometimes indispensable, to make the
resort. He felt called on to make this declaration,
to repel the intended inference, as far as his vote
was concerned.
Mr. WALKER said: I vole for the motion, with
a view to consummate the divorce of the Govern-
ment fr m the whole paper system. During the
late canvass m Mississippi, the clause now pro-
posed to be expunged, was designated by our op-
ponents as cieating Federal paper money, and that
if this clause did not at once organise a Govern-
ment bank, it was inserted with a view to the fu-
ture establishment of suchan institution. I wish,
thereft re, by excluding this clause, to silence all
such objections, and render the divorce as com-
plete from a Federal, as from a State paper system.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky. I wou'dgne my
vote on the yeas and nays to accommodate almost
any body. But if the objeat now is to prevent the
issue of all paper by Federal authority, and the esta-
blishment of a Government bank, there must be
a great many more things done ihan this striking
out; two things more at lea«t; that is, sundry other
amendments must be made, and the bill most de-
clare that no future Congress shall authorize the
¡«sue or the receipt of paper money in the country 
If the ob,est is, as the Senator last up has stated it,
there should be a prohibitory clause to that effect.
But the case I will now put is this. A man
eiraes to Washington and gets a §500 Treasury
warrant, which he wishes to transfer to A B orC,
and he does so transfer i', say to the hands of a
merchant at Charle t in. And there what is its
value? It is there worth just as much more in
specie as the difference in exchange; and if that is
one per cent, the warrant is worth one per cent,
more than the specie. Can there be a doubt that the
collector would receive it? Or, take the opposite
side of the Union, and suppose a Treasury warrant
drawn on New York is transferred to Boston.
There it is at par. At one place a Treasury warrant
on New York commands a premium, at another it
is at par, and it is nowhere below par. Now if
you want to prevent the issue and use of such pa-
per, you mu^t, at least, do the two things which I
stated: first prohibit such issue and us9, and then
vou must insert a clause declaring that no future
Congress shall very from the requM'ion of the bill
in this respect.
Mr. ALLEN. This bill itself w II be an set of
Congress when it is s gned, and no more; and it can,
therefore, have no more force than any fu'ure act
of Congress. I have, therefore, risen solely to say
that this Congress has not the power of binding any
future Congress whatever.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from Ohio has not
heretofore remarked me as saying that this Con-
gress has the power of binding a future Congress.
Sir, I believe there is a Government bank lurking
in this bill. Gentlemen say no: we do not mean to
have a Government bank; we will have nothing but
specie. So the Senator from Missouri move to
strike out a certaia clause inserted by his friend
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] which ad-
mitted the receipt of paper of certain kinds. And
I say, the geatlemen will not accomplish their pur-
pose by ihis alone, if they would have nothing but
specie. The paper will be out. Supposing pay-
ment is to be made for land; is it your purpose to
prevent the drawing out of specie by means of Go-
vernment papet? Sir, I stated an impossible case,
(binding a future Congress,) to show that either
that which is impossible must be d ne, or this may
lead to a Government bank. Gentlemen may
make their own bed as they please, but tf jey w«
find thorns and thistles enough &. if wien they
come to lie down. I understand me Senator from
Souih Carolina, though he had yWded to thet strut,
ing out, now objects Both to «he striking out and o
ÍoTp* híSá'Ka&y.J   S,r, if tbi, oil*
i
