124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GtOfiE.
Jan. 1.840.
26th Cong'«-«1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Calhoun,
Senate.
is simply a hard money bill, and there is to be no
Government bank-----but [striking the bill with
emphasi«j there's the bank.
Mr. CALHOUN.   It is said that extremes some-
times meet, the truth of which we have an illus-
iration in this case, in which the avowed opponent,
and the avowed friend, of the credit system, object
to the Government using its uwa credit; the one to
the use of Treasury notes, and the other to the use
of Treasury drafts.   I, as the friend of the final
and complete divorce of Government and bank ,
am opposed to the views of each extreme.   It is
my conviction, that if   the Government should
have the blindness to repudiate the use of its own
credit, it would go far to defeat the policy of this
bill, by restoring, in the end, the very union it is in-
tended to dissever.   The reason is obvious    Paper
has, to a certain extent, a decided advantage over
Hold and silver.   It is preferab'e, in large and dis-
tant transaction*, and cannot, in a country like
ours, be dispensed with in the fiscal action of the
Government, without much unnecessary expense
and inconvenience; the truth of which would ioon
be manifest, if the Government should assent to
dispense with the usj  of Treasury drafts.   But
that is not the ©nly form in which it may be con-
venient or neces-sary for it to us  its own credit.
It may be compelled to us? it for circulation, in a
more permanent form, as the only means of avoid-
ing what I regard a great evil, a Federal de.t.    I
am decidedly opposed to governmental  loans.   I
believe them to be, in reality, litt'e  better than a
fraud on the community, if made in bank notes,
and highly injurious if made in large amounts in
specie.   I saw enough in the late <var to  put me
on my guard against them.   I saw the Government
borrow the notes of insolvent banks, the credit of
which depende! almost exc u-ively on the fact,
that they were received and disbursed by the Go-
vernment as money. I saw the Government borrow
the=e worthless rag*, but for the credit it gave
them at the rate oí eighty for one hundred; that is,
for every eighty dollars it borrowed of these noies,
it gave one hundred dollars of its s'.ock, bearing six
per cent, interest.   Still worse: I saw the Govern-
ment,  with  the view of conciliating the  banks,
which were fleecing the community, permit them
to discredit its own paper, by refusing to receive its
Treasury notes at par, though  bearing six per
cent, interest, for th*ir own worthless trash, with-
out interés'; and thus degrading and silking its own
credit below  that of insjlvent banks.    Ail this I
saw.
Now, sir,! hold that it is only by the judicious use
of Government credit, that a repetition of a similar
s'ate of things can be avoided, in the event of
another war. It maybe laid down as a maxim, that
without banks and bank notes, large Government
loans are impracticable, and without some sub-
stitute, such loans, in the event of war, would b_e
unavoidable. The only substitute will be found lo
be in the direct use, by the Government, of its own
credit. Now, as I regard thebonowing fr«m banks
not only as one link in the connection between
Government and banks, but as inevitably leading
to the use of bank notes in the co'leci n and d's-
barsements of its revenue, I also rrgird the use
by the Government of its own credit, in the form of
Treasury-notes, or some other and letter fi rm, as
indispensable to the permanent success of the po-
licy of this bill. If the Government had relied on
its credit, instead of loans from bank--, in the la:e
war; if it had then refus:d to receive and pay
away bank notes, as this bill proposes, or had
but the manliness to refuse to receive the noes of
banks that refused to receive its notes at par, I
venture little in saying, ihat the expense of the war
might have been reduced forty millions.
For these reasons, I cannot assent that the Go-
vernment should repudiate the use of itsown cre Jit,
nor do I believe that such is the sense of this body.
SheuId there be any one of a contrary opinion,
Jet him submit a direct proposition to prohibit the
Government from the use of its credit. I would
be glad to see the vote on such a proposition. In-
stead of being unanimous in its favor, as the mover
of the amendment would have us believe, it is far
more probable it would be nearly so the other
But, I am told, that the provision now proposed
to be siruck out, was in an amendment that I
moved at the extra sess-ion, containing what is usu-
ally called the specie feature. That is true, but
is easily explained. It was then known that there
was a large temporary deficit in the revenue, which
I preferred meeting by the use of our own credits
lo a loan from the banks. But now we are told
that there will le no deficits, and, of course, that
reason does not apply. I mus , however, say, that
according to my impression, there will be a deficit
before the end of the year of some million*, with-
out the most rigid economy; and one of the motives
I have for acquiescing in the proposed amendment,
is to enforce such economy, by increasing the diffi-
culty of providing for the deficit should there be
one. In that cas<*, it is clear there will be a con-
flict between the advocates of loans and of Govern-
ment credit, in which, if it should come, I need not
say on which side I shall be found.
Mr. WALKER *aid it might be dishonest to re-
fuse to redeem any outstanding Treasury notes;
but the provis ons of th s bill, in tlv's particular, did
not go into effect until two years after all these
notes fell due, and when, of course, they would all
have been redeemed; but if, by any accident, any
portion of them still remained outstanding, they
could be liquidated in specie by the Government,
although not receivable for Government dues. As
to the proposidon that we are or are not to declare
that we will never, under any circumstances, issue
Treasury notes, it was wholly unnecessary to make
any such declaration. Perhaps, in the emergency
of a war, Treasury nces might again be issued,
but in time of peace, I wcu'd always prefer a loan,
if practicable, in case of any deficiency in the Trea-
sury, for a loan was more direct, and it would ren-
der us more economical than would a resort to the
more easy bat perilous exp-dient of issu ng Fede-
ral paper money. But my objection is still deeper
than this. I am again-t the whole paper system,
and believe that an expansion of a paper currency,
whatever form it may assume, except for distant
exchanges, is greatly injurious lo the prosperity of
this country, and this, whether such a currency be
nominally cinvertible, cr inconvertible, depreci-
ated, or at par. A depreciation augmen's the in-
jury, but it is great even before the paper becomes
irredeemable. The result is Uii<=, that during the
expansion there is a great nominal rise in the price
ot properly, real and perscnal, excepting exports
and in ihe w?ges of labor, and nothing can be
raised or produce I in th's country for sale abroad,
except at an expense so enormous as almost to
annihilate all profits. Let hs but contrast the con-
d.'tien of the island of Cuba, upon our very bor-
ders, with that of our own country. In Cuba, the
currency is entirely metallic; her population only
about nine hundred thousand, one-third of whom,
as has been truly stated, are staves; and ye', with
a prosperity almost unexampled, with agriculture
and commerce flourishing, and an annual import
and expoit of foriy-three millions of dollars, whilst
distress and embarras-ment here are almost uni-
versa', even in those States possessing the richest
so 1 and staples, wiih na'ural advantages much
greater than Cuba, and with ihe great addi-
tional advantage of a free Government. Why,
then, ihi* difference? It is the contrast beiween
the result of the metallic and paper currency. In
Cuba, they have no peri, dical revulsions, and,
from iheir currency, the expense of raising their
products is so small, that the profit is great even at
a limited piice, and they can exnmt, at a profit,
throughout the wo'ld. From 1816, until 1836,
whilst the duty on brown sugar was at three cen.ts a
pound, hive not ihe Cuba planters introduced their
products into New Orleans, into the heart of our
sugar growing region of Louisiana, and undersold
us in our own market; and that, too, after paying
the duty on foreign sugar ol three cents a pound,
and at lea-.t one cent a pound additional for freight,
insurance, and other charges; and this, too, when,
during part of this peiiod, brown sugar commanded
at New Orleans but six cents a pound? If, then,
from this price received, of six cents per pound, we
deduct the four cents, before specified, for the doty
and other charges of freight, &c. bat two cen s per
pound will have been actually received here bj the
Cuba planter for his sugar; and if we allow one
cent per pound for profit, the expense of raising
the article, including the annual interest on the
original investment, would have been but one cent
per pound. This may or may not be ihe exact ex-
pense, but still all will perceive the wonderful dif-
ference in the cost of production in the two
countries. But suppose you inflict upon Cuba
the cursa of the paper system, and fill Ihe isl-
land with banks and an expanded currency, what
will be the result? Why, you w.ll double, or
quadruple, as the case may be, the expense of rais-
ing her products ; she cannot export them for sale
at a profit, as heretofore, thoughout the world ; her
imports would increase, her exports diminish, her
paper s>steni explode, as it ever has done wherever
introduced, and ruin and embarrassment would be
substituted for wealih and prosperity. -And is not
the contrast equally great as to the increased ex-
pense of rais ng cofon, superinduced here by oor
paper system, whi'st that cotton sells for no more
in Liverpool, than a s:milar ai tide, raised at one-
third the expense in other countries, where there is
no paper money. This difference in the expense
of raising the stip'es of the South, is the tax im-
posed upon the planter by the bank paper system,
and it can and shall be demonstrated, at the pro-er
time, that nearly an equal tax is imposed in ihe
same manner, by the same system, upon the man-
ufacturing and navigating interest. In truth, the
rate ef profit upon all the capital invested in all the
bra ches of industry, is the surest barometer
of the annual increase of lational wealih, and that
profit is vastly d minished by the bank piper sys-
tem. Being, then, 07pcs:d, upon these principle*,
to any paper money system, Slate or Federal, I
shall vote to strike out the clause which would
seem to countenance the future issue of Govern-
ment paper.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky. I will not embark
on ihe subject of the tariff except so far as I must
that I may not be misunder>tood. But I would
call the atiention of the Senate to the different
positions of the friends of the bill. Sume of them
are against all paper; they would as soon have the
l^drophobia Another (the Senator from South
Carolina) would have paper; but, then, it must he
his paper, that is, a Government paper. Still, be
would use a certain measure of paper. That is
the situation of the friends of this bill; and, sir, I
will tell you what will come. Before the Congress
terminales, the;.e gentlemen nill have the oppor-
tunity of showing their attachment or their aver-
sion to the Federal paper system; for I have no
doubt that the Secretary of the Treasury, long
before ih's session is over, will have in a proposi-
tion for Trasury paper. He has already hinted it
in a manner fuflicienfly intelligible, especially
taking irto view the manner used in expressing
himself, by the head of the Trea>ury, wh ssper-
sp'cnity is known so well every where in the public
and po'itical world. Yes, before this s^s-ion 'er-
m nates in June or July, you will fin 1 the Secre-
tary of the Treasury asking for pjper to cruet the
expenses of the Government. That will bring the
mark as to what course these friends of Spjcie will
' take on the subject. And what course will ihey
take when such a proposition comrs ft r Treasury
note-?
Mr. CALHOUN. If we must u?e credit, I
wou'd infinitely rather u<e our own than ihat of
banks. But as to the currency, I concur almost
in every sentiment which has been uttered by Ihe
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Walker.] He
could not do betierthan to contrast our own slate
with that of Cuba. Cuba is now in a flourishing
condition, while the Slate of Mississippi is in a
state of extreme distress. That Senator cannot
push the specie currency further than I, if the
country were out of debt. I wii>h simply, if there
must te a temporary credit, that the Government
should use its own credit.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator from South Caro-
1 na is for using the credit of the Government, and
is opposed to noies and to Treasury notes, in
what foim would he usa the credit of the Govern-
m nt?
The question was then taken on Mr. Benton's.
