«6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
96th €oN6« "l8T Seas.
bow made. Indeed (said Mr. C.) one of the gen-
tlemen [Mr. Southard] has virtually admitted this,
by avowing his expectation, when, 'he reference
was made, that the Senator from Tennessee would
decline making any report on this, as he had doae
on another subject, at a former session.
But, sir, said Mr C. no matter when the objec-
tion to i s consideration might have been made, I
maintain it is wiihin the power and duty of tae Se-
nate to discuss and deliberate upon any subject of
legislation cmnected with the rights and interests
of the nation, and mor* especially upon one which
involves questions of such vital importance to the
welfare ot our constituents, and tven the perma-
nency and purity of our institutions. The time has
been when certain gentlemen did not feel so much
squeamishness and delicacy in reference to the
power and duty of the Senate. The time was,
when some of those who now express so much
alarm, and profess so much abhorrence for trans-
cending the supposed limits of our authority,
could, and did, without any apparent qualms of
conscience, vote a virtual impeachment against the
late President of the United States in this body,
though expressly restricted by the Consinution to
judicial power alone over such questions, and when
it was well understood no such proceeding had
been, or was intended to be, instituted against him
by the House of Rep'esentatu es, where the exclu-
sive power of impeachment existed, under the Con-
stitution. He said he would leave it for ethers to
d'eide with what grace such professions of scrupu-
losity, in the exercise of power, now came from
that quarter.
But, sir, said Mr. C. if it were even doubtful
whether a question of the constitutional power of
Congress, or of the expediency or inexpediency of
legislation on a given subject, could be properly
jaited in the Senate, in the mode adopted by the
Senator from Mi-souri, there is another ground on
which the subject must be admitted fairly and ful-
ly before us. The di>tribution of the proceeds of
the public lands, as I shall show more fully here-
after, is one form of assumption of State debts by
the General Government; and, although it is not
sp open and undisguised in its character, it is not
the less dangerous on that account. Not to go
back to the numerous similar propositions, which
have been presented here for a number of years
past, the resolutions of ihe Legisla'ures of no less
than four States have been presented here on the
s¿me subject, pro and con, during the present ses-
sion of Congress. On the 31st of December last,
and some eight or ten days before the appointment
of the select committee on the resolutions of the
Senator from Missouri, the resolutions of the Le-
gislature of New Hampshire were presented by
the honorable Senator before me, [Mr. Fierce,]
and similar resolutions of the Legislature of Mis-
siouri were presented, on the same day, by the ho-
norable Senator from that State, farthest from me,
[Mr. Linn.] Subsequently, and as well as Mr. C.
recollected, on the 13ih of January, the late col-
league of the honorable chairmin presented the re-
solutions of Ihe Legislature of Tennessee—one of
which was upon the same subject of distribution.
Still subsequently, but before the report of the Se-
lect Committee was made, resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Vermont, on the same subject, were pre-
sented by one of the honorable Senators from that
State, [Mr. Phelps.] Now, sir, sad Mr. C. with
all these facts before us, is it not astonishing that
honorable gentlemen will rise upon this floor, and
say the subject has not been brought here.
It is true, sir, that the three States, first named,
protest against the propo ed distribution of the
proceeds of the pnblic lands, aod instruct their
Senators, and request the<r Representatives, to vote
against any such preposition; while the last named
State is a? decidedly in favor of that mpasure.
But, sir, does that make any difference as to the
question at issue, whether the subject has been
brought before the Senate, by any State, or other-
wise?   Certainly not.   It is not alone by affirma-
tive propositions that a subject may be properly
presented here.    When the Legislature of a sove-
reign State of this Union has examined, and made
up a deliberate opinion, upon any great question
of constitutional power, or of national policy, and
State Debts—Mr. Clay of Ma.
Jan.1840
Senate.
has expressly required it to be presented here, al-
though it might assume a negative shape, it seemed
to Mr. C. to demand some action on our part. Ac-
cording to his opinion, in such cases, whether a
State advised or protested against a measure of so
much magnitude, it would be more respecful to-
ward her for us to take the subject into censidera-
tion, and respond to her views in respectful teinn,
whether we agreed or difered with her in senti-
ment or doctrine. He thought it indisputable that
a Sia'e opposed to a measure—more espec a'ly one
of such importance as this, which had probably
been discussed in the Legislatuies of all ihe States,
and had been agitated among-t the people ihrough-
out the Union for the last eight years—was at lea't
as much entitled to be heard, and have her views
patienily and well considered, as one in favor of its
adoption. He thought every gentleman who had
had much experience in ma'ters of the kind, would
agree that there was always more danger of too
much, or over hasty, legislation, than too little.
Mr. C. said, for his own part, h° had always re-
garded this as a maxim never to be lost s gut of,
from his first entrance into political life.
Independently of what he had already noticed,
Mr. C. said he might maintain, with great pro-
priety, that the question of Ihe assumption of S ate
debts by the Federal Government had been kept
steadily before the Senate, and before the whole
country, by a distinct and well known measure, for
the last eight j ears. He aliuded to the "bill to ap-
propriate, for a limited t me, the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands of the United States,"
commonly called the "Distribution bill," which
had been reported from the Committee on Manu-
factures, as long ago as April, 1832, by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky farthest from him, [Mr. Clay
of Kentucky,] and which had been ever since m-
tioduced, annually, he believed, by the same Sina-
tor. Sir, said Mr. C. that bill has steadily brought
up, and kept before us, and before the whole coun-
try, this same question of the assumption of State
debts by this Government, at least to the extent of
the amount of the proceeds of the public land*.
Although it might not have gone the full length of
the assumption of the entire amount of those
debts, he said he would presently make it manifest,
that it was precisely the same measure in principle,
and might justly be regarded as its origin. Mr C.
said he would only occupy the time ot the Senate
by readmg a single section of the bill, to which he
alluded.   It was in the following word-:
Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That after deducting the
and ten per centum, and what, by the compacts aforesaid, has
heretofore been al lowed to the States aforesaid, the residue of
the nett proceeds of all the public lands of the United States,
wherever situated, which shall be sold subsequent to the said
thirty-first day of December next, shall be divided among the
twenty-four atatee of the Union, according to their respective
Federal representative population, as ascertained by the last
census, to be applied by the Legislatures of the said States to
such obiects of education, internal improvement, colonization,
or reimbursement of any existing debt contracted fur internal
improvements, as the said Legislatures may severally designate
and authorize
Sir, said Mr. C. parsing by, with a mere glance,
other objectionable "objects" of appropriation, de-
signated by the bill, amongst wh ch were "educa-
tion," "internal improvement," (without even a re-
striction to those of a national character,) "coloni-
zation," (a subject which had never entered the
imaginations of those who framed the Constitution,)
this clame is added: "or reimbursement of any ex-
isting debt, contracted for internal improvements,
as the said Legislatures may severally designate
and authorize." Now, sir, is not this an express
assumpt'on of the "existing debts [of the States]
contracted for internal improvements?" Yes, sir,
it must be admitted on all hands that it is not only
an undertaking, but assumption and payment,
both together, as far as the funds arising from the
sales of the public lands would go.
Mr. C. said he well remembered the first intro-
duction of the bill he had just noticed. It was
brought in originally, pending the animated contest
for the Presidency in 1832, when its distinguished
author was one of the candidates for that most re-
sponsible and exalted station. It immediately be-
came a subject cf exciting and general attention
throughout the country. Estimates were soon
made, and almost universally circulated through
the public press, exhibiting the amount that each
[ Slate would be entitled to receive, under its provi-
3 ons, miking the highest amount ever received
from the public lands, in any one year, the basis of
calculation. The sum thus held out to each State,
as a boon from the General Government, if the
measure succeeded, was highly fascinating. Mr.
C. said, having been, at that time, a member of
the other House, from cne ot the new States, and
perceiving at once the blighting influence such a
measure must have upon their growth and prospe-
ruy, his anxiety and apprehensions were intensely
exuded. It was well understood by all who knew
the constitution^ opinions of the distinguished mart
then in the Chief Magistracy of the nation, that he
could never consistent y approve, much less recom-
mend, such a measure; and he could not en'irely
suppiess ihe fear that a measure, apparently so
captivating, would give to his compelí or, and its
author, considerably the advantage. In a word,
(said Mr. C ) I had strong apprehensions that the
hundreds cf thousands of dollar*, offered annually
by this bill to some of the older and mo^t populous
Stales, might "seduce them from their propneiy."
But, thanks to the intelligence, virtue, and devotion
to the Constitution, which have ever animated the
American people, on the most trying occasions,
the contest resulted in the ttiumphant re-election of
the then incumbent. Mr. C. said he had at first sup-
posed that the measure originated with   the   occa-
sion, and    that,    having
any    desired   change   in
fa led to a"compiish
public sentiment, it
wiu'd ba abandoned. But, not so, (said Mr.
C.) it was brought forward again, at an early
day of the succeeding session; and so far
as he had been able t j trace its history, it hsd been
introduced, session after ses-ion. ever since, per-
haps with a single exception, substantially in the
same forra. He said he knew of no instance of
any other measure having been pressed for such a
number of years, with such unyielding pert nacity
and .-uch untiring perseverance. Why, sir, (said
Mr. C.) even at the last session, when it had not
been introduced as an independent measure, while
the bill to graduat* and reduce the price of that
portion of the public lands which had been offered
at public sale and remained unsold, was pending,
the Senator ft om Kentucky [Mr. Clat] moved to
strike out all of that bill after the enacting clause,
and to insert, in lieu of it, all the principal provi-
sions of his distribution bill. Even sinceihe com-
mencement of the present se sion, it would be re-
collec'ed, the sama Senator had alluded to it, and
had expressed his sympathies for the indebted
States with much apparent feelirg. And, ¿ir,
(said Mr. C.) shall we now be told, after these
lrequent and persevering efforts to carry a mea-
sure, one of whose principal features is not only to
assume, but to pay, pre-existing debts of the States,
contracted for State and local objects, that we are
travelling out of our way when we take up aod
discuss ihe question of assumption? Does the
right of discussion belong exclusively to the ad-
vocates of tint peculiar measure? Aod whilst they
are continually present ng it to the country in the
most alluring form, aod lauding it in terms of the
highest commendation, must those who see ita un-
constitutionality and ruinous tendencies remain
inactive and silent ? Mr. C. said, representing as
he did, in part, one of the new States, he should
feel that he was recreant to duty, and merited the
execrations of those who had so often honored him
with their confidence, if he were to remain mute
and passive under such circumstances.
Let not gentlemen attempt to escape the re-
straints of the Constitution, said Mr. C. on the
ground that there is any difference in favor of the
power of Congress over that portion of the public
treasure derived from sales of the public lands, and
that derived from customs, or any other source. He
said any man who would examine the subject, with-
out prejudice, either with reference to the com-
pac's between this Government and the States
which had ceded territory, or under the Constitu-
tion, must become satisfied that no such power ex-
isted. The language of the Virginia act of cession
(which embraced much the largest portion of ceded
territory) was explicit; "ihat all lands within the
territory so ceded to the United States, and not
reserved for, nor appropriated to, any of the before
mentioned purposes, or disposed of in bounties to
