Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1ST
96th Cong.••• 1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Clay of Ala.
Senate.
the officers and soldiers of the American army,
shall be considered a common fund for the u^e and
benefit of such of, the united States as have te-
come, or 4iall become, members of the Confedera-
tion or Federal alliance of ths said States, Virginia
inclusive," &c.   The language of ths act, by which
Georgia ceded to the United State the terriory
cjmpri-ed   wahm the |limits of  Alabama   and
Mississippi, is no less explicit.   It declares that the
land so ceded (after paying Georgia, and satisfying
certain grants of her own) shall bu consideied as a
common fund for the use and benefit of the United
States, Georgia v eluded, and shall be faithfully
disposed of for ibat purpose, and for no other use
or purpose whatever."   This act, it would be re-
membered, passed in 1802, long alter ihe adoption
of the Constitution of the United States; and the
land ceded was received by this Government, ac-
cording to its terms.   Now, said Mr. C. it is im-
possible   for  ingenuity to torture the   language
here employed, into a meaning to answer the pur-
po'es of   the Opposition:   they can   never make
the   words,   "common   fund," mean  twenty-six
ssveral sums, for the separate and distinct purposes
of the different States of the Union.   Sir, said Mr.
C. it i  at variance with the whole history of the
Constitution, which was intended to remedy the
defects of the Government, under the art.cles of
confederation, for general purposes—to " provide
for the common defence, to promote the general
welfare "—and to sustain and regulate a National
Governrneat, leaving the States to regulate their
own affairs    We all know the chief solicitude of
our Republican ancestors was to confine the Ge-
neral Government to such objects, and limit its
operation to powers expressly granted.   So deter-
mined were they in  this purpose, that they nev r
paused in their exertions till they obtained the
adoption of tbe tenth article in the-amendments,
which declares, " That powers not delegated to
the United States by the Consti>uiion, nor prohi-
bited by it to the States, are reserved to the States
respectively, or to the people."   Where, then, sir,
is the power " delegated to the United States by
the Constitution," to divide the proceed* of the
public lands araonst the several States 1   Can any
advocate of the measure point us to the clause ?
No, sir; we may defy tbe advocates of this power
on    this    ground.     If this view be correct, in
regard to that portion of the public lands ceded to
the General Government by the States, how much
more conclusive is the argument against such an
appropriation of the proceeds of the lands which
have been purchased from France and Spain?
Louisana and Florida had been bought and paid
for out of the National Treasury.   It was now
generally admitted, that money could not be ap-
propriated from the National Treasury to defray
the expenses of Slate and local improvements.
Would it change the principle, for money to be
first laid out in land, and then reconverted into
cash?   Did the money which had been paid out for
those Territories, when brought back into the Trea-
sury, by a sale of the lands to individuals, assume
any new quality, that gave us any new power of
appropriation?   He ¿aid be coaid not conceive
any such magic influence, to be wrought by the
simple process of paying out money, and receiving
it back.
But, sir, said Mr. C. I am occupying your time
unnecessarily, in tbe discussion of tlv's question,
on tbe present occasion. I desire no better argu-
ment to go forth to tbe people of the Union, than
that which is to be found in this report. It pre-
sents the subject with so roach clearness and ability,
from, its or gin, both in reference to the articles of
confederation, and the Constitution, that I believe
no man who will read and understand it, can come
to any other conclusion, than that any such mea-
sure would be a breach of good faith toward the
States which eeded territory, as well as a violation
of the plain letter and spirit of the Constitution.
'That such a measure would, Mr. President, aot
only now he inexpedient, but thai it would have
been so, in the highest degree, heretofore, if it bad
been adopted, is perfectly demonstrable. By re-
curring to the documents of this body, of the last
session, it Will be found, by a report of the Secre-
tary ¿f the Treasury, then made, responsive to a
resolution of the Senate, that if the act entitled "An
act to appropriate for a limited time the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands of the United
States," [Mr. Clay's Land Bill,] which passed
both Houses of Congress, had received the appro-
bation of the President, and had been acted upon
up to the 30th September, 1838, the nett pro-
ceeds, which would have been divided among the
States, would have amounted to $51,011,732. It
fuither appears, from the same document, that had
such d sttibution been made on the 1st of
j January, 1839, it would have left a deficiency in
the receipts of the Treasury, to mi*et the current
demands upon it, amounting to $49,246,389 64—
say, in round number*, #£0,000,000! Yes, sir,
such would have been the effects of the measure,
so often and so pertinaciously pressed upon Con-
gress, if it had become a law; and we should now
have had a national debt of that amount, unavoid-
ably created, or we should have been compelled to
tax our constituents to have prevented it.
And, sir, can it be pretended, if it were merely
a question of expediency, without any constitu-
tional doubt or difficulty, that in the present situa-
tion of the country—that now, when it has been
intimated by thoss opposed to the Administration,
and feared r-y some of its friends, that we might
again be compelled to re=ort to extraordinary
means to meet the current demands upon the
Treasury—I repeat sir, will it be insisted by any
one that in the present state of things, we should
distribute the proceeds of the public lands for the
purposes contemplated; or, in other words, assume
the payment of State "debts contracted for internal
improvements," to the amount received from that
source? Sir, (said Mr. C.) I have no hesitation in
declaring it as my opinion, that such a proposition
would, in effect, be ussuming the expediency of an
increase of the tariff to ihe amount of six or eight
millions of dollars annually. The receipts from
the public lands, now contributing to the support
of the Government, may be considered equal to
that average, which, being withdrawn ft ora that
object, would result in the necessity, absolute and
inevitable, of a corresponding increase of taxation
in some form. Can we believe that the country is
prepared to acquiesce in a measure even of that
limited extent?
But, sir, said Mr. C. independently of the in-
ducements to examination and action on our part,
which I have already noticed, we have seen the
broad proposition for the assumption of the whole
amount of State debts by the General Government
plainly enough made in the circular of those well
known and celebrated English bankers and stockjob-
bers, Messrs Baring, Brothers and Co. which has al-
ready been brought to the view of the Senate. As it
was no doubt the principal cause which gave impulse
to the advocates of this bold scheme, on this side of
the Atlantic, the Senate will pardon me for again
calling their attention to the insidious form in which
the plan was originally sent forth. The paragraph
to which I have special allusion, is in the following
words:
"But if the whole scheme of internal improvements in the
Union is t be carried into effect on the vast scale, and with the
rapidity lately projected, and by the means of foreign capital, a
more comprehensive guarantee than that of individual States
will b« required to raise so large an amount in so short a time.
A nauonal pledge would undoubtedly collect capital together
from all parts of Europe; but the forced sales of loans made
separately by all the individual States in reckless competition,
through a number of channels, render ths terms more and more
onerous for all, lower the reputation of American credit, and
(as reliance is almost exclusively placed on th London mar-
ket) produce temporary mischief here, by absorbing the floating
capital, diverting money from regular business, deranging
banking operations, and producing an unnatural balance of
trade against this country. It would seem, therefore, as if most
of the States must either pause in the execution of their works
of improvement, or some general system of combination must
be adopted."
Here allusion is artfully made to the internal
improvements of this country—a subject known to
be of absorbing interest in almost every part of the
Union—and we are told, in substance, that this
"scheme" cannot "be carried into effect on the
vast scale, and with the rapidity lately projected,
and by the means of foreign capital," without "a
more comprehensive guarantee than that of individual
States." They then set forth more distinctly what
thejr, inean by a more comprehensive guarantee, by
«tying "  national pledge would undoubtedly col-
lect capital together from all parts of Europe;" and
they reiterate, in the closing sentence of the para-
graph, that "the States must either pause (that is,
stop) in the execution of their works of improve-
ment, or some general system of combination
(meaning a "national pledge") must be adopted."
What arrogance and insolence! Is not this saying to
the States engaged in internal improvements, too
plainly to be misunderstood, "we (the Messrs. Ba-
rings) no longer have confidence in your individual
good fait1! and solvency, and therefore we will let
you have no more money, unless you give us the Ge-
neral Government, or a combination of the States,
as securities?" Yes, sir; they say to the sovereign
States of this Union, "We cannot trust you with-
out a 'national pledge' that you will maintain your
good faith." Yet, sir, this vile imputation, com-
ing from foreign bankers and stockjobbers, against
the honor and responsibility of the States, does not
seem to exeite the ire of those who have assumed,
on this occasion, to be the peculiar guardians of
their rights and dignity; but they pour forth their
indignation upon us, who would repel such inso-
lent interference in our affairs, and who would re-
buke ihe attempt to dictate what should be the po-
licy of the National Government. It is very well,
in their opinion, for those who control the Euro-
pean stock market to say to the States, "You are
not able, nor willing, to meet your liabilities;" and,
if we say, "We will not degrade the States, nor
violate the Constitution, by acceding to their un-
warrantable demands," we are accused of warring
against the credit of the States. Save us, kind
Heaven! from such new-fangled State Rights
doctrine!
Sir, said Mr. C. whether this plan of the Loa-
don bankers, impeaching the good faith and sol-
vency of ths Stated and demanding security for
the redemption of their obligations, emanated from
any consultation, or rre-arrangement, with thote
of our own country, who are interested in the rise
of stocks, and the profits or speculation consequent
upon such rise, I am unable to say. It is not to be
presumed that there will ever be any precise de-
velopment of all the circumstances which may
transpire in reference to any such movement. Bro-
kers and stockj >bbers are too shrewd to make their
secret plans ot operation known to the public You
might as well expect a juggler to disclose the secret
of the deception and imposture by which he earns
his b'ead. However the fact a'luded to may be,
there is certainly a remarkable coincidence between
the tone of the (so called) Whig press in this coun-
try, and that of the "moneychangers'" in England.
No sooner had the circular of the Barings reached
this country, than you find, said Mr. C. all tbe
leading Whig presses responding to its proposition
in tones of the most cordial approbation; and, so
far as he had observed, there was not one dissent-
ing voice amongst them. He presumed the gentle-
men of the Opposition would acknowledge, with
pride and pleasure, that the New York Courier
and Enquirer was one of the principal organs of
Whig sentiment. Whether they did or not, Mr.
C. said it would be well recollected by the whole
country, that if its editor (who had certainly be-
come very notorious, if not distinguished) had not
presided as accoucheur at the birth of the universal
Whig party, he had, at least, officiated as^randmja
priest, in performing the baptismal ceremony of
conferring upon that pariy, with general acqui-
escence, their preeent cognomen, when they were
in the lamentable condition of having worn out all
their former cognominal distinctions. He said
that editor should be regarded not only as the organ
of the political, but of the monetary branch of the
Whig party. Every one would recollect his "fair
business transaction" with th« late president of tbe
United States Bank, and would appreciate the
high claim it gave him to the confidence of all
who felt an interest in the pure character of that
institution. The New York Herald, another Whig
paper, in November last, thus introduces srwtífM*'
ments upon the views of the Courier «nd.liwatf**
upon this important subject:                    «xa , * 
This plan is so far matured by the leaders oft  w«.£ "*.
as to be officially promulgated in *«^^^Jf^,«„0l
yesterday morning.   The following e*BW3 eanveys, m peno,
A^t£°a^^
