Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Buchanan.
129
Senate.
bably rise in value 5ome twenty or thirty per cent,
and consequently advance the interest of the holders
in that latio. To adopt the report would be to de-
feat the hope of such a speculation, and would na-
turally excite some feeling—some nervous lrnta-
bilny__among?! those interested. But, nr, it cannot
affect the interests ot tha State"; they a'e not now
the holders of thess bond , except ti a very limited
extent. Th«y have so'd the greater portion of the
bonds issued by them; and I am glad to see that
some of Ihe States are about to wnh'lraw Irom the
market, and to cancel such as have not been sold.
Nor have tf e holders ot these stccks any ngat to
comp'ain oí the S^tes on ascount of our refusal to
pay them, no such pledge or inducement was held
out wnen they became purchaser^. They took
them on the fri'h and cred.t of the S'ates alone, not
opoi those of the General Government. Th n
what iiiht have they to a k our endorsement?
What right have they to complain if we decline
giving it? We do not impair the guarantee under
which they purchased—it remains the same.
No, sir, * aid Mr. C. none of the States, which
hive issued stock, stand in seed of the secunty-
shtp of the General Government to meet their en-
gagements; and, to urge the necessity or expedi-
ency o! such a measure, is much better calculited
to excite distrust and want of confidence m their
honor and credit, than any discussion or vote in
this body, on the resolutions submitted by the com-
mittee. I cannot beluve that a single one of them
is obnoxious to a doubt, or suspicion, that should
depieciate the value of her bends The State
which I have the honor to represent, in part, is one
of those indebted—yet it never entered my head to
suppose that her character, or interest, was jeo-
pirded by any partot the present proceeding. Her
íesources are known to be ample—her character
for good faith is untarnished—she has nothing to
fear from fair^discussion, here or elsewhere. So
far from desiring the aid of thi  Government to
pay her debts, she is one of the protesting States,
against the distribution scheme of the Senator from
Kentucky, IMr. ClatjJ and I do not believe one of
her Repieseatatives will ever be found voting in
favor of that measure. For his own part, Mr. C.
said, he was opposed to tne whole doctrine of dis-
tribution of any part of the revenue of this Go-
vernment, amon^t the States, in every form. In
h>s opinion, no better p'an cou'd be devised to
humble and degrade the States, and bring them to
the ioo'stool ot Federal power, thin to accustom
lb*1  to come here for money to supply their
wants.
Mr. C. said, entertaining such views as he had
taken occasion to express, he had felt surprise that
any opposition should have been made to this
report; but that a motion to print it, merely for the
usj of the Senate, should have met any resistance,
appeared still more extraordinary. It would be
recollected that he had made a proposition to print
the usual number, merely to supply Senators; yet
it was thought to be of such dangerous t ndency
that gett'emen would not agree to print fil y co-
pips, lest the credit of the St ites idijuld be injured.
He said he would now repeat his propo>.t on: let
the repoi t be printed in the usual mannc. If it
be deemed object onable, let gentlemen m «t it
wiih their argume its, and s^nd forili the antido e
wuh the ban". And should it even be thonght
proper to express the confidence of the Senate in
the good faun and abi'ity of the indebted States te
neet all their engagement*, let a resolutun to that
effect be introduced, and he would give his vote in
us favor.
SPEECH Ofr MR. BUCH
Of Pekns-ílvamia,
In Senatt, Wtdntsday, January 22, 181,
Independent Treasury bill, m reply l
of Kentucky.
Mr. BUCHANAN rose and said- .
dent:   It is not my purpose, on the pr_____„„ .
«ion, to go very much at length into a discussion
of the provisions of this bill. I intend, m a great
degree, indeed almost exclusively, to confine my-
self to a reply, or at least to an attempt to reply, to
Preíi-
'ent occa-
the remarks of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Cut.]
In all discussions, if we desire to arrive ata satis-
factory conclusion, it is absolutely necessary that
we should distinctly undetstand what is the ques-
tion to be discussed. Then let me ask, what is the
nature and character of the Independent Treasury
bill now befoie the Senate?
Since the origin of the Government, our own
responsible officers have always collects d the pub-
lic revenue, and have always disbursed the public
revenue. Heretofore, during the intermediate space
of time between ib co'leciim and its disburse-
ment, it has been deposited with banking cor-
porations. The object of this bill is to provide
that our own responsible officers shall be substituted
as depositaries, instead of these banking corpora-
tions, and that these officers shall hereafter not
only collect ana disburse the public money as they
have always done; but that they shall also have
the custody of it between its collection and dis-
bur^ement.
Under the provisions of this bill, every officer
throughout the Un ted States who receives public
money is constituted a depositary. But there are
cer'a n points where very large sums of public
money are colicced, or are disbursed, or both; and
at these points, botn the security of the revenue
and the public convenience required that there
should be depositaries d stinct from, and indepen-
dent of, ihe collecting officers These points are
Phi'adelphia, New Orleans, New Ysrk, Boston,
Charleston, and St Lou.s Accordingly, the bill
proposes to convert the Mint at Philadelphia and
the Branch Mint at New (Means into places of
public deposite, and entrusts the custody of the
public money to the treasurers of these institutions
rcspe«tively; and it creates sub-treasuries, each
to be under the control of a receiver-general, at
New York, at Bjs tjn, at Charleston, and at St.
Lou's.
Thus far, sir, it will be perceived that this bill
makes no change in the rettled policy of the coun-
try, except merely to provide that the public money,
in the intermediate time, between its receipt into
the Treasury and its disbursement, shall be en-
trusted to our own responsible ©meets, instead of
irresponsible corporations.
In addition to these provisions, the kill contains
what has been commonly denominated the specie
clause. Tms section provides that one-fourth of
the dues of the Government shall be colleen d m
gold and Stiver, after the 30th June, 1S40, one-half
after ihe 30th June, 1841, three-fojrthi after the
30th June, 1842; and after the 30th June, 1843, all
the revenue of the Government shall be collected
and all its disbursements shall be made in gold and
silver com.
Now,  ir, when separated from the details neces-
sary to cariy ihese principles into execution, this is
the bill, the whole bill, and nothing but the bill
which has excited so much unnecessary alarm
throughout the country.
In discussing this bill, the Senator from Ken-
tucky has divided his remarks into two general
heads. He has first considered the bill according
to what its fríen 's say i' is;and in the second p'ace,
has discussed it according to what-he bmself be-
heve-, it te be la my reply I shall invert this
order; because it is necessary first to prove that tha
Senator himself bas entirely rn'ttaken the nature
and effects of the meauire, and that its friends en-
tertain a just conception of us cbaiacter.
The Serator held up the bill triumphantly to
public view, and declared that it contained within
it* provisions a great Government Treasury Bank.
Now, if I eannot make it manifest as the light of
day, that in this proposition he is entirely mistaken,
I shall then agree to surrender the wbofc argument.
The Senator has had an unsuccessful chase, through
the provisions of this bill, after the lurking mon-
ster. Had he succeeded in dragging him into light,
L should have been one of the first men in the
country to assist in putting him to instant death.
But,
"He must have eptlcs sharp, I ween,
Who s«es what is not to be seen."
This, I think, has been the case with the Senator
from Kentucky,
Now, sir, what is a bank? According to the
usual acceptation of the word, in our country, it
performs three offices. It receives deposites, it
loans money upon discounts, and it issues a paper
currency. I ackno*ledge that, in order to consti-
tute a bank, it is not necessary that it should per-
form all the«e three functions. There aie banks
of di count asd deposite merely, and there are also
banks of deposite and issue on'y, and this latter
clais of banks aie the most secute of any in the
world, when the deposites are confined to the pre-
cious metals, and the issues, in ihá form of certifi-
cates, do not exceed the sums actually deposited.
Such was the Bank of Amsterdam, and such is
how t^e Bank of Hambuig It would be difficult
to form an idea of a banic of i^u^ alone, without
depo-ites or discount;,, although I know, from the
utter inability of the Bank of England to regulate
the paper currency of that k ngdom, the question
has been seriously considered whether one bank of
issue ought not to be established, aad whether all
other banks ought not to be prohibited from emit-
ting paper currency. It is certain that, at the pre-
sent moment, a bank of íosue, purely as a banK of
i^sue, does not exist on the lace of the earth
Now, sir, this bi'l does not an honze the public
depositaries to receive money fiom individuals on
deposi'e; and it not only ¿oes not author ze them
to loan the public money entrusted to their care,
but it makes such an act a felony, punishable by
fine and imprisonment. Tms bul, then, clearly
does not cr<*ate a bank either of deposite or of dis-
count, and the Senator h?s not contended for any
such proposition. He has confined himself to
prove that it will create a bank of issue; and I
shall examine this proposition a little more in detail.
And, in the first place, if there bs a bank lurk-
ing in the bill, then we have had a Treasury bank
in fall operation ever since th? origin of the Go-
vernment, without having the least idea of its ex-
istence until the Senator from Kentucky made Ihe
discovery. There has been no period of time,
since General Washing'oa was first inaugurated in
1769, until the present day, when the Treasurer of
the United S'ates did not draw his warrants, either
on banks (r receiving officers, in favor of disburs-
ing officers or creditors of the Gove-nment.
Without this power the Tieasury department could
not exist. Debts could not be paid to individuals,
neither could the public revenue be app'ifd to ac-
complish the objects contemplated by the Constitu-
tion. There is no other conceivable mode of con-
ducting this branch of the pub! c business. Tha
bill makes no cbanse whatever in this ancient
and necessary practice, except to impose an im-
portant limitation upon it which has never hereto-
fore existed; and yet, according to the Senator from
Kentucky, it creates a bank of issue, and the drafts
d'awn by^tte'treasurer on the public depositaries
in favot of public creditors and disburs'ng officer?,
are to be the paper currency which it will throw
into circulation. This is the sum and substance of
his whole argument on this point. He might w th
the same reason contend, that, if an individual in
extensive business had depusites in several banks,
and was in the habit of paying* his debts and ad-
vancing money to his agents by drawing drafts
upon these banks that, therefore, he himself had
established a bank ot issue. Tne cases are pre-
cisely analogous
In what part of this bill has the Senator discovered
the char er of his. bank? He has referred to one,
and only one clause, for the purpose of proving its
existence. This is to be fuund in the tpnth section
of the bill, and, as it is very brief, I shall read it
to the Senate.   It is as follows:
"And for the purpose of payments on the public account, it
«ball be lawful for the Treasurer of the United States to draw
upon any of the said depositaries, as he may think most con
dueive to the public interest, or to the convenience of the pub-
lie creditors, or both "
There, sir, is the charter; and what is it but a mere
recognition of the power which I have jast been
describing, and which has exis««d, and must ne-
cessarily have existed, erar anee «he- origin of
the Government. It requires the Treasurer ot
the  United State  to consult tooth the puol c
interest and tha eenvenience of the public
creditor, or both, in selecting the depositary
on which to draw bis warrant.   This be has al-
