140
AV£t ttfcl* TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840.
tftrn Cowo«.«l8T Ssss.
Independent Treasury—Mr: Walker.
Senate.
from abroad for the precióos m;tals strikes down
at once at least two-thirds of the enrreney of the
eoantry—the bank expansion being at least as three
to oo  of paper for every dollar of specie—and the
contraction bring of coats* required to be in the
•ante ratio, to maintain the proportions of the sys-
tem. And let me say to ail w..o pr Jpdse to remedy
the «rril *y a hiah tariff, that they never can cr will
sneered, and if  h?y did enaet such a law, it could
net and won Id not be endured; and if it were, the
bank paper system iron Id soon counteract to them
all its supposed beneficial consequences. It woald
■tilt farther diminish onr expons, still mire seri-
ously depress the profits opon th ir sa'e, and, by
impoverishing the Sooth, deprive the North of the
only market to which, under the bank paper system,
tin North could lor.k for the sale of fheirm;nuf«ic-
tom. If the North destroys the South, they will rain
their best,almost their only customers,and ultimately
- Overthrow their own prrsperity; but by abandon ling
the bank paper system,all the great interests of the
whole country will be permanently and wonder-
fel'y Bromottd This paper system K in fact, a
dttty levied opon expor s, tor the bentflt of no in-
terest whatever; it is a duty in the increased ex-
ponas of production, eqaal to the cot on planter, to
• forcible seizure of at least thirty bal s out of eve 7
oue hundred of bis crop, and is more pern cioi s
even than the odious tariff of 1823, and with no
correspnndi *g advantages 10 any s*rtion of the
Union, but deeply injurióos to all." Bat the sy -
tern of a sound and specie currency, embraces in
itssdvaetngrs, the whole Dr,i>n and all its parts;
it romprehends every seetk n, and advances every
interest. Adopt it, and yea will soon overthrew
all sectional jeaomies, unite all rntness by the
inseparable links of reciprocal benefi s, and render
ear glorious bond of un>t>n as enduring as the
continent upon whi< bit exists.
By the official returns upon the files of the Se-
r-ate, itappears tha . fr« m the 1st Ocobef, 1789; to
30th September. 1839, the totality oí our exports
was f 3 557,829,951, and the totally of our im-
Crt«, dnrmg the tame period, was  4,S39y713 649,
ns an excess against us of imports over exports
of 1781,693,698; and this vast sum, approaching
nsar one thousand million of dollars, i«, in truth,
but a part of the bounty paid to foreign industry by
debts.nj our currency, and thus yielding up to it,
to s  vast an extent, both the foreign and doxestic
market.  In addition 10 this vnstsum, the diminished
exports, the deciea&ed profits upon their sa'e, and
4ht decreased pr. ducts of every kind, will make the
national lots, from the bank piper svs'em, at least
two thousand nú lit** of dollar .   We have seen
that the total exe e<s of impor s over exports, from
1st   Qctntc,   1789,   to   30th   September,   1839,
was $781,883,698, the whule of which,  except
fl9S.055.021,    occnrrel   from   1191   titl    1811,
and from 1816 till 1834, dor'ng the wretched career
of the two Banks ofth" United^ Stat  s; and with ¡ha
exception of $71,560,171, it may all be tiU"y said
to, have oecured daring the dominion of a Un:ted
States Bank, for th* present TJn ted S ates Bank,
under its new chatter, has inflated p'-^s^ currency,
and fictitious credit, folly as much as any of its
BYedeeets.irs.   One thing, however, is'eertain, that
tt is all the result of our bank paper system.
Ano'her fact is   also clearly   p 6ved, that   tne
first    Hamiltonian    tariff,    ncr   the    tariff   of
1816,  not that  of   1824,  nor  yet even   that
of   18528, arrested this   mim u*  exce-s* cf im-
-ports 'over exports.   No. Sit; ir i*not a hith tt-
riff that we wait, but the mrst linvted rewnne
duties with a specie policy, taatiS to enmraand for
ns  our own, as we I as foreign market?,   that
i« to advance all interest, in every section of the
TJuion, and make irthe interest of all to encourage
free trade.    But for the bank paper system 'he pro-
ftacta x>foar industry wou'd be more than double
what they now are, and our ropa latum wonder-
fully aostnecte-f; and we should, Km 1 ere this, have
passed England in the race fjr wealth and power,
and will *wn overtake and pass her bow, if we
will but abandon the wretched policy of deb? sing
our currency, by-the bank paper system, and thus
closiag, to the products  of   our own industry,
aaariy e*«ry anarket at home and abroad.    If
ptntwiwa  tfow ffct d -a on the diet of the
Senate, will make out taldes from every year
sisee 1789, exhibiting for each year in separate
columns, fir«t, the excess of imports over exports;
second, ihe ye.us ot the chattered exist nee of the
two Banks of the Un-ted States; third, the total
«rnoont cf paper currency; fourth, the jears of
bank suspensions; and, nf h, the rate of duties un-
der the then existing tar ffs, the result will rrove,
that neither a Bank of the United States, nor a pro-
active tariff, ever have saved, or can save, the
country fiom these tuinous annual excs?es of im-
potíoverexpoits, and nething but a specie policy
will reverse tre spectacle, and exhibit our expoi t < in-
variably exceed ns our imports, and with at least 30
per cent, of tn ad litional pmfit fn m decreased ex-
penditur's in producing and manufacturing. And
I say now to the Senator fiom Massachusetts, [Mr.
Davis,] that these tab'es shall le ptesented (or ihi
consideration of his constituents, as well as mine,
from which, as a merchant would from h s books
and ledgers, they may calculate the amount of na-
tional profit and Iosí; and if, to a small exter t, the
eitcfss of unfavorable balance is for a moment
chtcked by ruinous tarifls-, it is only tre more
sureiy to ififl.ite the pap-r system in fu'ly ao eqval
degree, and ret der the exp!o-i< n cr rtain. Indeed
'h s ad.ance between the banking and tariff sys'ems
has teen concede din many leading Whig papers of
the Northern and Middle S-at s andi'sre-fnactmenf
t'emanded, as indtsp nsablv neces-ary to sustain
the lank paprr sys'eip. Ttrs alliance betwe n
these ait ficiil sys ens of bank and tariff monopo-
lies is natural, bnt it is as fat il to national indus rv
and national pr fits as was the first preat coalition
between Sin and Dea'h to the happiness of man-
kind.
The tree wea'th of a nation manifests itse'fin
the augmented d mand; for kbo% in trie-increased
products of indiwirv, in tha profits upon tho«e pro-
ducs,and the abdty to sell tfcem at home and
abroad. The rert annual profit upon the national
indu-try, Is the truest measure of the national gains,
and these pnfi s are almost o terty annihilate by
the bank paper system. Let ns then abandon that
system, and advance our country to that high des-
tiny wh ch won Id then awat< her. Let us aban-
don t'-at abject dependence ujion t^.e moneyed
power of Eniknd. Let os take ftom- der grasp
ihat moneyed tiilent, more potent than all her
arms or navic, with which sl-e *an now, at any
moment, e«plode our paper system, a d over-
throw, at one b'ow, all onr great and cherished in-
teress. Is this a time for tbi* miserable depen-
dence upon British power? Is th 3 a time,, when
that haughty Empire m threatening to dismember
one of the sovereign States of tit is Confederacy,
when she Is seizing and occupying a portion of that
soil, within our undoubted 1 mits, acquired by the
toi>s of the Revolution, and not an «ere of which
ever can be surrendered, so long as there is one
true American heart beating withio an American
bosom? la this a time, too, when that power is gra-
dually seizing urion the rich trnitery west of the
Rocky mountains, and when she seems, with the
view to furce the ra'e of her poisonous drues, to be
threatening,,by io'qui'ous blockades, 10 expel oar
flagancVciwmmerce fnm tie Chinese coast—is this
the period to forje the pipf r cha'm which are to
bind all oar indusry atid all onr commerce to th*
fuo'so 1 «I British powf r? No: let us exert all our
nat ve energies an I overtlncvv that system which
is delaying our onward march as a nation to
erfa'ness, wealth, and power, and It t os antedate
t!>at period wnen onr export  and products, «quir-
ing no tariff, but carried throughout the world,
shall vastly exceed those of England; let ns ante-
date that period, «hert, as compared with us, Eng-
land shall be but a fetbb second-rate power, and
let us draw nearer and nearer to that happy hour,
that even our eyes may bihold thf g'oti u* specta-
cle when not an acre of American soil shall be pr>'-
lutel by British dominion, or degraded by imperial
or despotic power.
If, at one momtnt of creative will, it bad pleased
th« Almighty piwer to establish, in ei her ocean
upon th's globe, two nvglity continents, e?ch with
eqaal natural advantages, etch with twenty mil-
lions of an equally intelligent and industrious peo-
ple, and each «itfe a hundred, million* of a metallic
currency—then, so long as each adhered to that
currency, their nvrch to wealth and power would
be equal, and the exports to eith< r would be rare
indeed. But if, whilst one of thesa nations ad-
here i to iu meta'lic currency, the other embraced
the banking and paper s)s em, what would I e the
result? Why,'he piper money coa. try, (rom inflated
prices wiih n Us limits, would sotnbe ov>r*helrned
wnh impoit* from the country which retained the
metals its industry would soon bs prostrated, ard
its system ovcrihrown, and periodically over-
thrown, so long as the two courtr^ retained 'heir
relative positions ?.s a bard money and a paper mo-
ney country; and greater sti'l would be the cala-
mity, if half a dozen ccn'irents should exi t upjn
the same glole, to not one of which could the pa-
per men y nation expi ri one arncle that could b«
raised within the country which adhered lo the metal-
lic policy. Is it not then seen in thiscom;ari'fon,thai
a banking and paper curiency add* hothing to the
wealih and product* of a na io¡;7 What ii th's bank
paper? It is not labor, nor its product-, nor
wealih, nor capiial, nor any tlvrg of mtrm'ic
value. It is not money, for it is msrely a p:omi-e
to pay money; and is nothirg i 1 fact, but circu-
laiing del'U; ami their is tie and argmentalion aug-
ments nothii g but ihe dclt"; <'f a country. Evtry
bank no'e is only a t'e.t doe t> the holder of t-ie
net/", and in every loan of its pirPr made by a
bank, it augments r.oihing but ¡he debts of t coun-
try, first by creating a debt to it by the borrower to
the amount of iha loan; and, secondly, a debt by
it to all the holder* of its notes. The banks then
are the grta1 cau'-e < f all ih;.t vast io-.d of debt
which has almost weighed down the enegiei of
this great nation.
But the ab'e Senator frc.m Ms^achu e*ts, [Mr.
Davis.] whilst he dhiirctly conceded the bemfits
re-ult ng from a specie currency to the exporting
and cotton growing Sates, the  prices   of wh< se
staples are iegulatedby a foreign market, contends
that th's augmented profit to Southern planier*, s
so much taken from ths free laborers <>f the N )r h,
in the diminution of their w?ges.   I have already
s-hown that the wages of labor are of more valua
under a specie currency, than in the absence of it;
and that there would be a greater demand for labor,
because of enlarged markets f. r i's products, at
home and  abroad, and increased profits.   And,
sir, this matter is well understcolby the wokng
c'as ««, who are almost universally the advocates
of a specie currency. Ths workii g-men of the ciiy
of New York, next, p:rhaps, to the patii >t Jackson
and the Senator from Missouri, may b¿ justly
considered the ordinal Loco Pi cos and hard mo-
ney  men of the Union.     They have long and
faithfully contendtd for this doctrine against the
Wall street brokers and   speculators, and after
many defea's, victory now perches upon the ban-
ner of the workin.'-men and Loco Pocos of the
great city of New Y01 k.   The banks advaniagcous
to the working-men!   Why they aire the r greatest
oppressors.   They raise and depress át pleasure the
price not only of wages, but of every article the
working-man is compelled to purchase for (he sub-
sistence of himself and family; and If they aug-
ment for a time the mminal price of ^ages, it ii
only to enhance, in a still snairr prrportion, the
price óf living and subsist-neej and iheo to bfir^
on, every two or three years, smce^sive pan:c< and
xonvu'sions, in which all ifidcsry is su'jiefed,
and the laboring men are left aim st entirely unem-
ployed, wbi'st ths banks are er gaged in the woik
of resumption. The working mtn have nut ir*to
do with the management or profit of banks.   Thry
are neither d rectors, Etockho'IdtT*j or ¿•"orrmref-,
but they partxipa'e largely  in  the leases'  f.sii'g
from these institutions.   Tney  pre ccmr«lleá k>
receive in payment the tooney of the tanks/* atfi
sustain   great   losses,"' arising  from   their  sus-
pension or  insolvency, and the depreciation if
their paper.    L*t  the workirig-man he secured
in the   wages   of  his   labir— et" r.hn   be   pifd
in   gold and silver,   let him   hare  the   s'eady,
certain, and increased deroan 1   for-'labor n*4*,
arising from incieas d product.*, 10 supply both tt-e
foreign aad domest c marke', and he wi 1 be more
prosperous and independent >han whefi driyenmto
orontofcmploymeaut ihe mercy of the banks,
