Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GÍOBE.
141
26th Cono......1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. TV hiker.
Senate.
and the value of his w ges regulated at their plea- |
sure.                                                                    I
The whole community is deeply injured in another j
mode by the bank paper ¡-ystem.   It is by its mono-
poly of wealth aiid power and privileges in the
hands of the few, and the consequent impoveiih-
«ent of the many.   The riglns of propety must
not be impaired or weakened; bat to equalize its
distribution consistent'y with a due regard to these
rights has ever been considered most important.
To attain ih.es  orjects, we have abolished heie all
hereditary titles, end all the laws of pntm geiüiuro
and   entailment.     But the banking system was
concentrating fortunes without labor in the hands
<f the /ew, at ihe expense of the many, with
mc>r«  fearful y   increasing   rapidity   than  ever
was or could be accomplished by any   system
of herediary or exclusive privileges.   To illustra e
this portion, let us reflect upon the following facts.
The amount due to all the batiks of the Union, by
their last and fullest official returns, including some
omissions since ascertained, amounted to five hun-
dred and   thirty-nine   millions of dollars, upon
all which, at the average rate of seven per cent,
the banks   were receiving aa annual interest of
th'rty-eight millions of dollars; being an annual in-
terest exceeding the total amount of all their specie,
according to their own crucial return?.   These are
the recorded facts as spread upon the files of the
Senate, that the banks realize an annual inerme
equal to one hundred percent, upon their specie
capital.   It is true, that upon the nominal amount
of stock, the dividend is greatly less, but then the
stock that is not paid fur in specie, is paid for in
bank notes, so that the banks, as a system, derive
(he whole benefit of the operaiion.   We have seen,
tor, that, as a general rule, the directory of the
banks monopolize nearly one-third of the discounts
In December,  1837, and in March, 1833, an ex-
amination of t he sixteen banks of New Orleans
was made by a joint committee of both branches of
the Legisla'ure of Louisiana, and the result, as re-
ported  by them, upon an examination of all the
cashiers of these banks, was, that the total amount
of all the discounts of the banks  was $52,407,170;
and that tte total liability of the directoiy (172 in
number) amounted to $17,875,592, or more than
one-ihird of the whole amount.   The prepcraon in
Mississippi was much worse, and neatly as bad in
Mobile, Alabama, so far as an investigation had
been made.   No complete return in all ihe S ates
has been made   on   this  subject, but from the
returns already received, no one can doubt, that the
bank liabilities of all the direc'ors of all the banks
of the Union has amounted to at least one hun-
dred and fifty mil ions of dollars, concentrated in
about six thousan J individuals.   The total amount
of all the wealth of the peop'e of th« whole Union,
was estimated in 1830 at twelve tkousand millions of
dollar-, and may new be sate'y ftated at not more
than sixteen thousand millions of dollars.   Now
the amount of American bank stock is about fuur
hundred millions of  dollars; and if we estimate
ihe other property, real and personal, of the bank
stockholders, at three t mes the amount of their
•tock, the total amount of all the properly of all the
bank ¿tockhoideis in the Union will be two thcu-
sind million  of dollar--.   Thus less than one hun-
dred thousand  bank stockholders, being less than
one to one hundred and fifty of our whole popula-
tion, already own one-eighth of the whole property
of the Union, and this, too, collected by this system in
little more than one generation.   At this rate of in-
crease, being, as we have seen, at the annual rate of
•ne hundred per cent, upon their specie capital,
will not the bank stockholders  ia another genera-
tion, c-wa three-fourths of the property of the wbo?e
country; and as we enrich the few, the n.any are
itnpov«r'shed.     Yes, it is the  laboring   millions
Jrom whose unceasing toil 'his va t amount is bc
cumulaied in the bands of trie few, not by labor
pr industry, but hy feeing permitted to ¡sue and
circulate their debts n ihe ¡-hapeof bank roles, as
the only money to be used by a great an J free peo-
ple.   They «row rich upon the interest of their
pebts, exacted f om the who'e community, upon
which debts and promisss of payment, struck off
M the ra*e of a .million in a day Jrom a b nk en-
|uving, they pay no interest whatever.   And what
must be the inevitable effect, if this system of
monopoly and associated wealth is perpeiuated?
Why, sir, it is not only the laboring men that wi'l
be converted inlo ihe serfs of the banking system;
but all of u«, and our children's children, will be
but the wretched dependents upon the same resist-
less power.
And what would soon be the spectacle exhibited in
this o:.ce great Republic? Why, whilst the impove-
rished millions thi uld be scattered over a desplate
waste, whose soil had been exhausted, and whose
fountains had  been  drawn iff into the gi eat bank
reservoirs, here and  there, anrd the surrounding
sands, the palaces of the banks and ihe r stock-
holders wruld rise up, like ihe ancient glittering
cities of the desert,  where the iicorporaed few
should revel in more than Ea-tsrn  porap,   snd
wedlth, and power, and slo'.h, and luxury; whilst
more than one American paper Lucullus should
feed his guests from golden dishes, containing the
tongues and brains of the cost.iest birds, whil.-t
all were served from tables of pearl, and reposed
upon couches of down and ivory. Yes, by no ether
possible means can princely fortunes be accumu-
lated so rapidly as by this system of associated and
incorporated wealth, making, and loaning, and re-
calling at pleasure, all  ihe money of a country;
and sp'endid wealth, exhibited in the hands of the
few, ever has been, and must be.faccompanied by
squalid poverty on the part of the many.   And is
this ihe sys'ero which, as if in mockery of equal
rights and privileges, Senators   upon   this   floor
would recommend to the  honest and industrious
working men of America?   Sir, they will reject it
every where with scorn and indignation.
Recent events have withdrawn the veil which
had so long concealed the fatal consequences of
the banking system, and ihe struggle between free-
dom and monopoly has indeed commenced; and let
me assure my countrymen that now or never is
the time to strike the great decisive blow in favor
of equal rights and privileges. The people are
rising to the re cue; the battle field is now befi re
them; they have already gained a panial victory,
and cow or never is the day for final triumph; now
or never is ihe day to decide whe her tr?ey will be
ficemen indeed, cr whether they will bind upon
toeir own necks, and the necks of their children's
children, the chains of a paper nobility, monopo-
lizing nearly all the wealih and power of ihe coun-
try, manufacturing all its money, contiol ing all its
Governments, S.ate and Nat.onal, and regulating
all its pursuits and industry. Sir, if satisfied now
wi h temporary expedient?, we reorganize the  5S-
(em, with or without a mighty National Bank, un-
der new regulations and iestrictions, these will all
prove, as they bave ever done, bat whisps of
straw, made only to be broken; and this, ihe last
and final ttru^gle of freemen for their liberties,
will have been made in vain; and here, as in
down-tiodden Poland, the bank paper Czars may
announce to their subjects, "Order now reigns in
Warsaw."
The Senator from Kentucky said that the bank
paper system, whether f> r good or evil, is fastened
upon us, and cannot now be eradicated, and that
any one of the States, by issuing bank paper, can
inundate with it any neighboring S ate, and thus
compel there aso ^introduction of ihe sy tern.
Is not each Slate a sovereign upon this subject? and
cannot any one State expel the paper of any other
State from circulation within its limits? and has
not this been done by several Slates? Is it net
now done, to some extent, in Pennsylvania
and in other Sla'e«, and in this Dis rict, &s to all
notes under five dollars. Yes, each State has the
power, if ihey will oaly refuse the advice of the
bank paper advocates, and the most ample power,
to expel a'l bank pa^er, either of her own or of sur-
rounding States, from her limits; an<l that State
which shall ti st adopt and persevere a short time
in this system, w.11 become so much moie prospe-
rous thau any other State, that all will soon Mow
her glorious example; tut if ihere be in fact any diffi-
culty here, there is one mode by legal popular ac-
tion, and another.by constitutional amendment*, if
necessary, by which the object can be accomplish-
ed- ; i*^t us look at those States which have not
adopts j the paper system; Missouri, for instance,
with but one bank, and that of but a very limited
circulation; and she is now the most irosperous
and unembatra*sed Sate in the Union. And in
lookiiifr at all the Stales, they will be found pros-
perous, or otherwise, with scarcely an exception,
just in proportion as they have adopted or rejected
the bank paper s\stem. And this is not only ttue
as to States, but even as to the relative condition of
counties in the s.ime State. Look at Missisippi:
ciüi?ult the dockets of the clerks of the several
courts, and all other means of information; and, with
scarcely an exception, you will find those counties
in which banks are located, overwhelmed with em-
barrassments, and those ceunties, constituting two-
thirds of the whota number, where there have b*en
no banks, generally prosperous and unembarrassed.
Yes, feir, thr. ughout this Union, and throughout the
globe, wheiever you find the banking system to
prevail, you will be ture to find periodical suspen-
sions and revulsions, and wide-spread ruin. Ex-
plosion is inseparable from the system; and when
you speak to me of well regulated banks of circula-
tion, you speak to me of what never has been, or
will be.. You nrghtas well speak to me of well re-
gulated devils, whom even Almighty power found
it impossible to regulate in any other manner than
by casting in chains into billows of everlasting fire.
And, sir, our bank paper sys'em, if not abandoned,
may yet be regulated in the all-consuming blaze of
popu'ar indignation. In using this strong lan-
guage, I mean no attack upon individuals, for my
assault is upon systems. I know that many honest,
but, I think, deluded men, deluded as to the ef-
fects of the system, have been, and some still are
connected with it. Among these is the late distin-
gushed president of the Bank of the Uni:ed States,
whose great talents, varied acquirements, and inte-
grity, have never been assaüed by me, here or else-
where; but the more virtuous and intelligent you
prove, to me to have been all former managers of
the sjft m, the stronger is the argument against
ihe system i'self. It i* as though you would select
the best engineers to conduct a s:eamboat safely
with paper boilers, but they would explode; and the
paper system is just as incompatible with the uner-
ring laws of tiade and commerce, and its inflat on
and explosion jo>t as certain.
We l ave heard much, Mr. President, of a con-
vertible currency. It is injurious, as I have shown,
by infla'ed pr.'c¡s and diminished industry, even
when convenible; but, t3 my mind, th^re is no
greater delusion than this miscalled conveitible
currency. When or where convertible, and for
what period of t^me, and for what amount, and ia
what age or country? Was it in England, when
their great Natioual Bank currency was inconver-
tible tor aquaiter of a century, namely, from 1797
till about 1822? Is it the currency cf the same b/nk
now, whicti, but yesterday, was saved Irom bank-
tuptcy by bsgsing from Paris a loan of ten mil-
lions to save her from immedia'e suspension? Is it
t're old notes of the old Bank, pr the new notes of
the new Bank, of the Ut.it d Sta'es, continued un-
der a stronger chaite? Are these convertible? We
know that they are not, nor do we know when
taey ever will be. Is it the notes oftheS&lf
banks, with or wiihout a Bank of thi United States,
that weie inconvertib e throughout New England
in 16C8, inconvertib'e almost universally from
J814 till 1816; inconvirtible, with but few excep-
tions, from 1818 till 1825; inconvertible in 1837,
and in 1833; and still, in 1840, utterly irredeema-
ble thiooghont nearty ihe whole country? Sir,
since 1792, when the first Bank of the United States
went into operation, we have had, besides scatter-
ing bank failures every year, sixteen years oí al-
mrst entire inconveitibiliiy, and when resumption
will again take place, no human foresight can de-
termine, nor how long it will endure; but that sus-
pension wi'l again speedily follow, is absolutely
certain; and thus th* people are to r*'forever
lashed around this miserable circle p| dtsastez¿ by
their bank paper masters. .„; Aj$^M#.8|iÉW T  ?
been bad for the past, ¡what'bo^fl^;^^"0***1
for ihe future, now that the-fJwÉ#2b£*B W(?,.
ened by so many fits otepijVpgHsPlp ^ Pnbllc
confidence m these instiaOtinaafrnof jntirely ex-
tmgiüshed)isasuemu£a*ft# *• shadowy flame
in its last dim and 4?xpiri « nrokenng-now thaj
[
