142
APPENDIX TOTHE CONGRESSIONALGLOBE.
S6t|i Cono««"1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Colquitt..
Jan. 1840.
H. of Reps.
the myseries of ihs system are unveiled, and its
ling catalogue of crimes and fraud* are fully dis-
closed, and its demoralizing and anti-Republican
tendencies developed, and its pernicious effecs up-
on the national industry well understood.  And, sir,
not only does all experience condemn the system,
but reason tells us that this paper n^ver is, or can
all be, convertible; that the specie is not in  the
country to redeem it; that its basis is a drlus've
confidence, and even if the banks should at a'l
times be ready to empty all their vaults to redeem
their paper, that two-thirds of it always is, and
ever must be entire'y  inconvertible.   When, sir,
the banks   an 1   their advocates promise   us   a
currency, at all timns cuivertibe, every d^ and
hour and moment, into gold and silver, are they
not aware that they promise that which they know
they cannot perform, if the holdeis of their notes
demand, as they have a right t3 do, their ademp-
tion in specie?   Is not, therefore, the promise false,
fraudulent, and deceptive, and should n".t all ho-
nest men awake from the delusion under which so
many of them have so long labored, and join in the
glorious work of abandoning an odious/immoral,
and anti-Republican sys'em?   Sir, whatever delu-
sion may have heretotore prevailed on this subject,
we now know, with abso u e certainty, that so far
from these notes   beirg always convertible,  they
a*e inconvertible from the inflated prices and over
importations, and consequent demand for specie,
whichever must and will ensue, upon the reor?ani-
zation of the banking system. Let osthen emancipate
American industry from  that  torturing suspense,
that constant change and revolution to which it
must ever   be   subjected   fom the   expansions,
contractions, and convulsions of the paper sys-
tem, and it will ri-e triumphant over all obstacle*
at home and abroad.   Fatal is the mistake that
this banking system is friendly to commerce.   No,
sir, it taxes and retards it by constant convulsions,
bankruptcies, and  usurious interest.     American
commerce,   foreign   and   domestic, must depend
upon the great products of a'l our industry, of all
cur agriculture, and all our manufactures, and our
commerce will be most truly flourihing, when we
raise and manufacture the greatest quantity ol pro-
ducts for sale or exchange at home and abroad.
Under the present system, the merchants are the
slaves of the banks, and the tanks  the  miserab'e
dependants of a foreign moneyed dominion, more
powerful than our own, because w elding a larger
specie capital.   The age of monopolies and restiic-
ttons is passing away, and we are beginning to
learn that free trade—trade unfettered by artificial
systems, by banks or tariffs, is the true American
system.    It i? ths ihatwdl render a tar if unne-
cessary, and in fact injurious to every sect on of
the Union; it is that that will foster American in-
dustry and commerce in every State of the Union;
it is this that willsecuie to us,not only all that wede-
s re of ourown markets,but t nil. be the golden key
that will unlock,to our exportsof every kind,the ports
of the world. The navigating interest, especially, that
glorious nursery of our navy, will frcl a new and
wonderful impulse, and our vessels, careering on-
ward upon every si,a,  will carry into  every port
the glorious standar.! of our thpn truly independent,
free, and happy country; and all the paper contrac-
tions and expansions, ruin and convulsions, which
have overwhelmed our industry, npon an average,
one year oat of three, for nearly the last half cen-
tury, will cease to harass us, and be remembered
only as the visions of a frightful dream, never
again to disturb our slumbers.
During the recent canvass in my own State, I
cal ed the attention of my constituents to   the
condition  ¡of   the    agriculture   of  Cuba,   with
in   three   days   sail of our  coast,   as  contrast-
ed with that of Louisiana and Mississippi.   And
what is the result?     Why, that Cuba,   though
laboring under the disadvantage of a wretched
Government, still, with her exclusive specie cur-
rency, conquering the tariffs of Europe and Ameri-
ca, filling the world with her exports, sold at a
profit, and enjoying, through her great and prospe-
rous cities , an annual commerce of forty three
millions of dollars from a population of less than
a million, and but  little   more half a million
of whites, Sir, as a Mississippian, I will not draw
the gioomy picture of our own embarrassments.
Bal, sir, I will ask the cause of the difference. We
have in Mississippi an infinitely better Govern-
ment than Cuba, a much moietn'ightened and ener-
getic piople, a more fertile soil, and a richer staple.
Wny then are we thus embarra-s*d, whilst Cuba is
so prosperous? No other cause can be assigned,
tun the bank paper system of the one, and the
solid specie currency of the other. The able Se-
nator from Massachusetts cited the example of
St>ain, as a depre-sed and impaverishel, though a
hard money coun'ry. Spain has been torn for
years by foreign wars or int stise convulsions,
driving the larmer from his plough, and the manu-
facturer from his work-hop, s nd sacrificing, in a
thiid of a century, the lives of at least two mil-
l'oas of her peop'e. But if we will read the page
of history, Spain furnishes the most ilus nous
warning again-t the delusive doctrine, ihat even a
convertible or actual specie currency, if supera-
bundant, is at war with the industry of any nation;
aud that it is superabundant, whether struck oft'
upon a bank plate, cr even obtained in specie, if
not i he result of the natural laws of trade, and of
the products of industry. What are the facts as
to Spain ? She was once a most prosperous
and powerful nation. This was during that por-
t on of the reign of Ferdinand and I>abella, when
she was not overwhelmed by a superabundant cur-
rency, and after she recovered from the shock.
Sir, that most able historian, Prescott of Boston, (a
distinguished Whig ) in his History of Ferdinand
and Isabella, says, speak.ng of the period when
Spain had seized upon the silver mines of Mexico,
poured (hem homewards almost without labor, and
not in exchange for any product; and then.deeming
a pe'manent increase of currency, by artificial
mean*, most desirable, looked them up for a time
within her limits, by laws again ! the exportation
of ¡specie. And what was the consequence? Why
Mr. Prescott tells us that "the s'reams of wealth
which flowed in from the silver quarrias of Zaca-
tecas and Potosi, were jealously locked up within
the limits of the Peninsula." "The golden tide,
which, permitted a free vent, would hate fertilized
the reg.on thrcugh which it pjured, now buried the
land under a deiu e which blighted every green
and living ihing. Agriculture, commerce, manu-
factures, every branch of national industry and im-
provemtnt, languished and fell to decay; and the
nation, like the Phrygian monarch, who turned
all that he touched into gold, cursed by the
very consummation of its wishes, was pour
n the midst of its treasures." What a com-
mentary upon the effects of a superabundant
currency, even when not only equivalent to specie,
but specie itself, when not introduced by the pro-
ducts of indust'y, and locked up by enactments
«gainst exportation, precisely similar, in all re-
spects, to our paper currency, which cannot be
exported abroad! The hi.torian tells us, that in
Spain prices became so high ss to demand their
reduction by legislative enactments, which all
proved nugdtiry; and yet, in the face of these fie i-
tious prices in Spain, then, as now in this Union,
agriculture, commerce, and mannfaiturfs were
greatly depressed. A nd when did the change take
place? Why, when Spain changed her system,
enc.urage J the exportation of the precious metals,
and thus brought down hgr superabundant cur-
rency, brought down her artificial and inflated
prices, and thus enabl-d Spanish industry te sup-
ply the markets of the peninsula and of the world.
And what was ihe result of ths change of policy?
Why, the same dis inguished historian, referring to
it, says: "The precious metals, instead of flowing
in so abundantly as to p-.hy the arm of industry,
served only to stimulate it The foreign inter-
course of the country was every day more widely
extended;" "the flourishing condition of the nation
was seen in iha wealth and population of its ci-
ties," &c. To this page of his hist ry this accom-
plished historian appends the following note, from
the great and philiscphic Hume, in h s Essays on
Currency, part 2, essay 3: "The interval be-
tween the acquisition of money and the rise
of prices, is the only time when increasing
gold and silver is favorable to industry."
Instead, th,en, of its being always desirable to in-
1
crease the currency of a country, it is desirable in
but one single continue.icy, and that is when, from
the augmented products of industry, and inereased
prosperity of a nation, pri'es have commenced
nsin? before any augmentation of the currency;
and t".er, and then only, is it desirable to increase
the currency, s,o as to maintain the relative pro-
portion teiween prices and currency; and we are
&ho told that this increase of currency will then
just as cer'ainly be introduced by the import of the
specie, in exchange for the products of industry.
But to augment prices by the mere artificial addi-
tion of a bank paper currency, is to produce an in-
flated system, which cannot list, and will over-
whelm the industry of any nation. Sir, with these
inflated prices, the nation íesorting to the misera-
ble system, will diminish her exports, and inciease
her imp rts, and destroy the marke's, foreign and
domestic, for her products, by disabling her from
raising any ihing at a profit for any market. All
reason, then, and all experience, are against the
system, even whilst the paper is convertible; and
it ought to be safely and gradually, but ultimately
en irely abandoned. Sir, in opposing banks of
circu'ation, I do not object to banks of ex-
ciarge, of discount, and deposite, issuing no
paper currency. Tne till of exchange long
preceded all banks of circulation, and will as cer-
tainly survive their downfall. This useful instru-
ment of commerce should be encouraged, and ex-
ists in the greatest perfection, and at the cheapest
rate, precis* ly in those States in which there is only
a spec e cutrency, and íj most embarrassed by a
paper system; and if the system be bad for small
notes, it is bad for all; but the evil diminishes in
the ratio of the denomination of notes and limita-
tion ef the cutrency. For myself, I am opposed
to investing in banks the power of manufacturing
a paper currency. This power of creating a cur-
rency for a nation, is one of the highest and most
important attributes of sovereign power, and more
deeply affects all the diversified interests of socey,
than the exercise of any other power whatever.
It is more important than coining money, for that
must be preceded by ihe purchase of the bullion;
but here is a power to manufacture paper money
at pleasure, to constitute the currency of a State or
nation—a power entrusted to the irresponsible di
rectory of a bank, acting in secret, and whose
chief interest it is to abuse their power. In pro-
porton as a bank increases its currency, are its
divideisds and profits augmenied, and hence the
stimulus to over,s>ues is irresistible; and especially
is this the case wh^re, as we hive seen by the evi-
dence before quoted, the very directors which
manufacture the paper, loan out, as a general
rale, more than one-fourth of it to themselves.
Tnis power, then, of issuing their paper as money,
s truly fearful; and when united with the power of
loaning at peasure, in secret conolave, and to
whom ard lor what purpose- the baüc directory
may think propei, and of recallkg it at pleasure,
and of contracting and expanding as suits their
caprice, is a power which few European despo'-s
would cLre to exercise, and is utterly incompatible
with the fundamental principles of a free Govern-
ment. I am utterly opposed, therefore, to such a
system; and having fairly and fully dirclosed the
principles upon which my opposition is based, I
return to the Senate my sincere thanks for their
patient and indulgent attentio*.    ,
LQUITT,
SPEECH OF MR.
OR GKORGI
In the House ef Repr^entativf, January 17,1840—
Against the rece
Mr. Speaker: Ti
in ) our national co
a spirit stalks in o
the purest Govern
of social li/e upo:
sion tends to e
debate to stir up
tion to call fcrth
pline;  and  every
^Abolition petitions,
exper.ence I have had
as excited my fears that
st, calculated to destroy
.t has ever shed the sweets
e world.     Every   discos-
local   prejudice;   every
political  stiife; every ques-
the energies of   party disci-
motion   serves   but to kindl 
the fir^s of individual animosity. Amid these
conflicting, warring elements, the voice of reason
is too often hushed, and the peace, the glory, and
prosperity oí the country, neglected or forgotten,
