144'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S6th Cono-".1st Sess.
Abolition Peti ions—Mr. Colquitt.
Jan.  1840.
H. of Reps.
that an able and conci'iato'y report was made as
late as 1836, with the vain hope of quieting their
exertions. He can, if he date, go farther, and
speak in arguments not tj res;sted, the wisdom of
experience upon this subjeU. He can tell them
that many delude! enthusiasts have ruined them-
selves and the objects of their philanthropy,
by oprootiig the oider of society. He can tell
them that Lycurgus gave laws, that Epaminondas
and Scipio conquered, that Demosthenes and Cice-
ro poured forth theirSstrains of animated eloquence,
in a land where slavery was recognised. H* can
tell them of th  de so'a'ions of Poland, whe:e Kos-
ciusko and Sobieski battled for the cause of liberty,
and yet slavery eti-ttd. He can tell them of the
wars of cur Revolution; of the patriots who pen-
ned our Independence; of the sol Hers who stood
side by side in the ranks of v¡ ar; of the final vic-
tory achieved; of the framing and ratification of
our Constitution; and that the institution of slavery
existe!, was acknowledged, and guarded.
B it, sir, he prefers to come here with his argu-
ment, throwing a veil over the iniquity of the Abo-
litionists, and apologies for their mischief.    Twen-
ty-fivejears ago, what Governor of a State would
have let down the dignity of his station, and have
trampled upon the compact of union, offeiing the
veriest quibble as a reason, relying alone for his
support on the prejudices of the people 1   It is evt-
deoce that the spnit of fanaticism is stronger, or
man's moral virtue weaker, than it used to be.
The .«-ame arguments, as to forbearance and mode-
ration, have induced Southern men, on many oc-
casions, in the spirit of kindness and friendship, to
receive these petitiors.    And   what, let me m-
quiie, has been the result?    To-day it is quoted on
us as an acknowledgment of the right t > legulate
upon this subject.    The gentleman irom Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Biddle] now proclaims that the Soeth
has has admitted its con^l tutionality, and  here
bases an argument.     Sir, the South has been de-
luded by the insid.oas pretens'ons of their Northern
friends; that rejection would increase the  biterness
and acrimony of the Abolition'st*; they have dared
to made a peace-offermj, by kindly compromising
the claims of the Constitution, which is now seized
on as an acknowledgment of rigr t     I am onab'e
to answer for former R presen'ativesfrom Georg a;
the  little party, of which I am a member, has been
doomed to defea', battling in the Thermopj roc of
politics, against Federal encroachment, but his
arisen again; and I can now answer for my State,
and answer for my homrable colle?gue«, and say,
in the face of th  nation's Representatives, that we
deny the rieh !    [So do we, so do we! from many
voices.]     And while I  speak, all around me, the
representatives from Alabtma, South  and North
Carolina, and Mississippi, b:d me, for them, deny
the rgh*.    We  are   told   the   Aholi'ion   battle
must   be   fought at   the   Norh;   that   we   must
deal kind'y  here,   to   afford a campus  for tbeir
chivalry at home?    Sir, these ga'lant rr.en who
now battle at the Worth for  the   pio'ection   of
our right :, will soon saik by aje,under the weight
of their armor, or fall in the battle field by the su-
perior strergth of the foe.   Their place? will be
filled by men, whose grow h and strength were de-
rived from thebis ms of fana'icum; whoNe dreams
in childhood weie broken by ihe Irsghttul legends
of a mother's superstition.   There needs no spirit
of prophecy to warn and direct us; no matter where
the battle be fought, here or at the For h, we mus,
mtet the foe upon the ou'posts of lb  Constitution.
No admitting the incendiary torch within the holy
citadel of our liberties.   Every friend to his coun-
try, from the North andfr* m the Sju h, must stand
firm upon the ramparts of the Cunstitu'ion, admit
no insidious fee, but resolve to brave the growing
rage of that imaginative philanthropy, that is reck-
less of the peace, hbeity, or union of the Republic.
Every conciliatory measure   has   tern   adopted;
prayers and entreaties have been offered, to pre-
vent excitement and passion; discussion hts been
avoided; the  voice of party fiiends has been re-
garded; still the tempsst thickens and rages, and is
beating with a success too fatal against the rock of
our freedom.   It is not a time to encourage the
prospects of mm inforia'ed with a blind enthu-
siasm; no lime  to hold out the meleor of hope,
whose baleful light will   lead   to  the overthrow
of   our   country.      Nothing   i i   c'aimed    here
but   the    right   of    petition,   which   has   ne-
ver been  dened.    Wi h th s pretext, gentleman
labor with a zeal worthy of a better cause, to open
anssure in'he Constitution, through which an incen-
á ary follower may thrust the fi ebrand, calculated
to burn asunder the connecting cords ol the Confede-
racy.   They are in fact pioneers, clearing up the
way that others may  pass in triumph to bui'd the
tombstone of the Republic.    They are fixing a
a powder train, that others may blow up tie temple
of liberty.     I can pity ana forgive the blind zaa ot
and misguided religionist, who are ignorant of the
stru'tiue of the Government; but the statesman,
who knows that our free institute ns are based up-
on the confidence and affections of the people, who
dare ntt violate rights secured by the Constitution,
deserves undying contempt, for he ha* not so much
as the veil of opinion to cover the baldness of ihat
de-olation wh'ch threatens t' e land.     We are told
not to be rash; make ourselves easy; receive the
petitiocs; treat them  with respect;  and by it our
triends from the N«rth will again be elected, and
"alt's wel-."   The very entreaties that are uttered,
and the s rong appeals of party associates, which
are made, are convincing proofs that they are court-
ing the friendsh'p of the Abolition s's   for their
votes.     I   am neither Whig   or Democrat,   and
can   be   excused,   therefore,  from    compromis-
ing our rights to secure votes for their friends.
I will speak with boldness my thoughts, and deal
out blows against the foes o.  constitutional right,
no matter to which party they may belong.    I pro-
pose to show that while these advocates for the re-
ception of Abolition petitions are speaking in ac-
cents of tenderness and   love,   the Abolitionists
themselves speak a language totally different.   I
will  not detain the House, by reading from this
anti slaver/ pamphlet, the scnrnlous abuse they
heap upon the Scirh; I will not inflime the angry
passions of gentlemen from slavehold ng States, by
reading the opinions here expressed of our morals,
our religion, and our intellect.  They are of a sort,
with the repeated denunciations you have seen in
their philanthropic prints, with which your desks
have b;en weekly inunda'ed  s nee our meeting.
But I will re ,d a few extracts to show that our re-
liance for safety is on ourselves.   I read from the
annual report   of the   Anti-Slavery   Society  of
Maine, ihus:
"The free States possess a e'ear majority in Congress. Their
Bbveral objects will therefore be accomplished, whenevrr the
publicsenument in the free States shall demand it, and that sen-
timent properly represented in Congress. We are under so-
lemn obligations, therefore, not only to diffuse through the com-
munity correct sentiments on the subject of slavery, but also to
make all proper efforts to place in our National Legislature
men who will use the power committed to their hands in ac-
cirdance with our news."
Does ibis extract, I ask, show that the petitioners
barely wish their representatives here to c< ntend
tor the right of petition? But does it not demón-
strate that they carry their principles to the polls,
and forve aspirant, to Congress to f*vor or support
their view ? S r, we are not to be deceived by
yielding our rights, in order to accommodate gen-
tlemen, in courting such votes to secuie th°ir elec-
tion    Again I read:
"The District, then, is the spot where the first onset upon
slavery is to be male—the battle ground where this great con-
test between liberty aid silvery is to be decided. Not to em-
ploy our poliiical, as well as all oiher resources, in the conflict,
would be not merely wrong, but the very height of folly.''
Where is the m.n, I inquire, so lost to sense or
feeling, whos1 heirt throbs with one solitary palri-
oiic emotion, and who knows the South will main-
tun her rights, or be buried under their ruins, that
does not shudder for the approaching down'all of
the country? Who dojs not see that the insidious
attemr ts to encroach one inch upon our rights,
are ihe promptings of that influence which has
for its object the tearing away the guards of
our ptoperty placed by tie Cois'itotion? They
only wait for stresgth to place men in power, who
will not stop at the evasive argument tow used
about the right of petition, but who will labor to
carry out their purpose. And while we are ar-
guing and granting the right of reception, they are
preparing heavier blows, inflaming the passions of
the ignorant, the idle, and the young, to be poured
forth like the lava of a volcano, to blacken and
blight the peace and Government of the country.
It is not a time for the Represjntatives of the
South to be quiet. It is not a lime for the lover of
his country Irom the North to p\!t r for office,
and ■* amly nnpgine "all'* well I" when the ele-
ments of d'ssolution are gatherng like a frost about
thi heart pulse of the Republic. It is high time, if
we expect to save the Union, to rebuke the mad-
ness of such deluded fanatics, as exps ct to establish
religion by their crimes, and to enforce philanthropy
by the sword. Sir, my heait thrilled at the spirited
remarks made by the honotable mover of this
amendment, [Gen. Thompson;] he spoke the lan-
guage of the patiiot and the voice of ihe Southl-
and if every Whig and every Democrat fel' the
same sentiments, and would tear loose from the
bonds of any party, no matter what their ties, that
■■'ould dare cherish this spirit of disci rd, our insti-
tutions, civil and r ltgious, would be safe. These
modern reforméis must be taught, that the South,
with all her strong a'tachraents to ihe Union, would
sooner see the country riven asuridar by an earth-
quake, and her fertile p'ains floating on the bosom
of a tempest-tossed ocean, than be foted to surren-
der asolilary rght secuieJ by the Constitution.
I have heard criminations and recriminations
made in party bant'ings upon this floor; bat I am
satisfied ih<"re are Abo itionists of boih pa ties; aBd
that pany which courts them most, is by the Ame-
rican people most to be blamed. In proof of wh ch
I will read again:
"So far as the iwo great parties of the day are concerned, we
hold to no principles as Abolitionists, that both do not publicly
profess. The object we desire to accomplish, does not inter-
fere with any, at which either professedly aims. Let it then be
distinctly sett'ed, that no man, under any possible combination
of circumstances, can receive the votes of Abolitionisis, who
will mt«i the extant of his constitutional powers for the aboli-
tion of slavery; and both parties will soon, either from policy
or necessity, present candida'es for public office for whom we
may vote, in consistency with our party predilections, and in
subserviency also to paramount duty to the slave."
Do we not find here sufficient cause to induce
, candidates for Cannes?, representing such a peo-
ple, to fave>r or adopt their views in a close party
enntes ? Bu , sir, these fana ics will not iong ba
c mtent with Representative! here, wha are the
mere advocates of petition; and their party policy
here must induce gentlemen not to press this sub-
ject, for fear of injuring a partissn candidate at
home. I will again proceed with their declara-
tions, and I ask Southern men to give ear, and
those from the North,who declare they are not Abo-
litionists, to listen, and then tell ms if the contest is
not most safely met at the threshold o!" our rights.
This is the language, they say:
"That we shall not again present the monstrous anomaly of
petitioning Congress to use its acknowledged powers for Ihe ter-
mination of slavery, while by your votes we help to send men
there who we know beforehand will refuse our petitions.''
There is no complaint in the language of the
right of petition; they admit they do petition, and
only complain that thtir petitions are not granted.
I make no charges against either of the great par-
ties, as to which is most committed in order to se-
cure the friendship of the Abol tiooists; and I
would read a ssntence more, but it might favor of
party preference. (Read, read! fiora many
vo ces.] With the avowal I have made, I will
read:
"The day, we trust, has passed, that the slaveholder or the
Northern apologist and defender of slavery can be eleva'ed to
the high place of power by the friends of the slave in Maine.
Or, to i lústrate our remarks by a particular case- Mr. Van
lluren, we think, must abandon his '¡Southern principles,' and
llemy Clay, the e'oquent advocate of South Ameiican and Gre-
cian liberty, must emancipate his slaves, before either can re-
ceive th? suffrages of intelligent Abolitionists in the pole star
State—"                                                                   r
[Here he was in'errupted by Mr. Graves, who
inquired "whether Mr. CoiauiTT had cot read in
the Emancipator that they would net support Har-
risonl'J                                                 r
g|I may have done so; but I have not mide a
charge ajain-t General Harrison, and the vindica-
tion of him or Van Boren, 1 shall leave to
those who wear their hvery. Without regard to
parly predilections myself, my purpose was to
prove that this body of men is sufficiently strong
to be courted; that they have resolved to carry
their principles to the polls, and that seeking
their influence palsies our resistance here. And
I confess that I have saught in vain for a rea-
son, unless this influence be one, why Henry
Clay, the favorite of his party, justly distinguished
at the bar, in the Senate, and in the Cabinet, who
