Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
26th Cong ••••1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
that the Government ought not to  embark in a
eenrral system of internal improvements.
Mr. Speak«r, I will, with all due deference to
the House, present another view of this subject
for their consideration. The new States through
which this road pas-ses, have not the power to tax
the public lands wjihin their limits. They are pre-
vented by contract, wh ch we recognise to be valid
and binding.
If you will give as the public lands within our
borders, we will never again solicit an appropria-
tion to coniinue the Cumberland road.
[Mr. Hubbard of Alabama said he, for cue,
would give his right of the public lands to us in
Illinois, if we will make the road ]
Mr. Reynolds continued. 1 leel thankful to
the gentleman for his good will to us in Illinois;
but he is laboring in his own Stale (Alabama) un-
der the same vassalage as we do in Illinois, and
therefore *ve- bave a fellow feeling for each other;
but I can hear no such expression from gentlemen
representing any of the old State?.
Before we can recognise the doctrine of the
States constrncting their own improvements in the
lulled extent, we must be placed on an equal
staBding with the other States. The new States
through which this road países, are debarred the
right to tax a great portion of the soil within their
limits, and thereby are deprived of the resources
which appertain to the old States. If we were
placed in the same condition with the old States,
and had an equal standing with them, we would
join them heart and hand in excluding all these
things from the action of Congress. We would
te foremost with the first to confine the action of
the General Government to subjects purely na-
tional, a«"d expressly recognised by the Constitu-
tion. It is the pare and legitimate doctrine to ex-
clude from the halls of Congress all matters that
can be transacted by the State authorities, and
circumscribe the patronage of the President within
the legitimate pale of the Constitution. I am free
to grant and subscribe to all this doctrine; yet the
Natonaltoad, for various reasons which I have,
and will present to this House, forms a marked and
decided exception to this rule.
I am, Mr. Speaker, extremely well pleased to
know, that the doctrine of confining the Congress
of the Umied Stats to national action, is so well
recognised and established at this time. In the
new States, we are heartily tired of our vassalage
to the General Government in resj ect to the public
domain. We are crippled in our operations, and
deprived of the high and equal stand in the Union
with the other States. This situation is becoming
intolerable, and the Government itself is tired of le-
gislating fur us in relation to the public lands.
It is no part of the legitimate or constitutional
competency of Congress to retain within its sphere
of action the subject of the public lands. It affords
to the Government of the United States an undue
influence over the new Slates, and over a subject
which the Sta'e Governments can control better
for the good of the pejple than the General Go-
vernrn nt can do. It will be hailed as a lor.unate
epoch in the Jrstory of the new States fur the above
confining doctrine to be applied to this subject, and
thereby the new States emancipated from their
public land bondage to the General Government.
In addition to the argumenta I have already pre-
sented to the consideration of this Hbuss, I will be
permitted to say, that the friends of this measure
place it on the solid basis of a compact between the
General Goveramen and the new Slates through
which the road ya-ses.. The contracts proviJe for
a certain per cent, on % Bales of tha public lands
to be applied by the General Government to the
construction of tins road; and that the sum arising
from the sales has not yet been expended on the
work.   I have not the calculation before me, but
confiding m the information given me by gent'e-
men in whom I have the utmost confidence, I pre-
sume the same is true.
This compact being made between the two Go-
vernments with that spirit of equity and justice
that always has characteriaed the transactions be-
iween the State Governments and that of the
United States, it remains to be consummated oa
the part of the Generat Government in the same
spirit. The Government of the United States, by
the implied terms of this agreement, became the
trustee oí the States, and in good faith ought, and I
hope will, execute the contract according to the
common sense meaning of the same.
The facts and circumstances, as they existed at
the time the contract was made, must be taken into
consideration in its execution. The money that
was expended on the construction of this road be-
fore the contract was made, cannot be taken into
consideration under the contract. The amount
atone that was expended on the work since the
contract was made, is the sum that comes under the
provisions of the contract. In the application of
this just and equitable rule to the amount of money
expended on the work, it will be seen that a great
sum was appropriated on it before these contracts
were made; and, therefore, cannot be taken into
the estimate. This view of the subject is so mani-
festly just and right, that to mention it is sufficient
to convince all of its truth; and, therefore, I will
urge it no farther on the House.
Mr. Speaker, I consider it my duty, in present-
ing this subject to the Hous , to say, there have
been «pproprmted and expended by the General
Government, this last year, upwards of thirty
millions of dollars, and not one dollar was appro-
priated in or for the State of IlL-.ois, or in the
Western country. lam not complaining of this
sum being too large for the legitimate purposes of
Government. I have on many occasions defended
these appropriations. I have no doubt the expen-
ditures of the Government must be larger as the
country and the necessities of the country increase.
The war in Florida added greatly to the list of
expenses. I am satisfied that Congress, when they
were making these appropriations, acted with pure
and patriotic motives, and for ths best interest of
the country, as they believed.
Under these considerations, the appropriations
were made. But it seems extraordinary that the
State of Illinois, or as far as I am informed, none
of the Western Slates, received one cent of these
appropriations.
1 am not so inconsiderate as to expect an ex-
penditure of money in the State of Ilhoois, tn ob-
jects of no importance to the people, or the na-
tion; and that merely for the fake of the disburse-
ment of the money in the State. It would be idle
and foolish tn theextreraetoexpect.it. But I would
ask this House if the National road be not a legiti-
mate object? It is cf such character and impor-
tance, that the General Government ought to be
bound to notice it. If there be a national improve-
ment in this Union, it stands foremost in their
front ranks. The Cumberland road is, therefore,
a fit subject on which to equalize the expenditures
and disbursements of the public money.
These are facts on whiea I ask the sober and
serious consideration of the Hou^e. Upwards of
thirty mill'ons of dollars are expended in the United
States, and of all that great sum of money, not one
cent was disbursed in our State on the Cumber-
land road, or on any other improvement. We
want in Illinois what ths lawyer.  call a retorno ha-
bendo cf some of this public money.
I am sorry I ussd this expression, as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Biddle,] dislike*
sj much to hear, what he calls, "scraps of dog
latin." I agree with him in this. I dislike it also,
and will not use it again.
It will be considered that the State of Illinois,
with the other Western States, pay considerable of
this money into the public Treasury by means of
the purchase of the public lands. Every dollar
that can be raised in our State is paid into the land
offices, and they are expended in other sections of
the Union. None is returned on the national
road, or otherwise. The Government drains the
coontry of money, and will not disburse any in it
aga n, if this improvement be not continued.
In tatting this general and hasty view of this sub-
ject, it seems to me to be just and proper, that the
national road should be continued. There can exist
no'doubt in the mind of any one that is not national,
and of great importance to the whole Union, and
particular to the Western State . And there is as
little doubt in my mind, that the good faith and
character of the nation are pledged to continue this
great and important work. Compacts entered into
by the General Government wiih the new States,
require its completion, and the public utility of the
improvement itself, more than any other considera-
tion, demands its continuation and final completion.
1 may add, further, that the new States ate pre-
vented from raising arevenue, in the ordinary mode
of taxation, and thereby they are deprived of the
means and resources necessary to complete this
rcftd.
My friend on the right [Mr. Pickens] was very
anxious to have this subject laid on the taele. He
is, generally, a very liberal and accommodating
gentleman; yet his course, in this instance, seemed
to form an exception to his general character. He
thinks the measure is brought forwaid a great deal
too soon. The objections of gentlemen reminds me
of those of a certain man in the West, who was
very lazy, and therefore disliked to plant his corn.
When urged by his neighbors to do so necessary
and important a work, he would first cry, 'it's too
soon, it's too soon," and afterwards, when the sea-
son was so far advanced that he could not say trm
with any face, he would cry, "it1* too late, u\> too
late;" so his corn was never planted.
This will be the case with many of these loo
«ton gentlemen; they will not at any time, early or
late, vote for this measure.
1 would appeal to every member of experience
in this House to sustain me in saying that there is
such a scramble for the priority of business, that
little is done towards the close of a session. It
requires more pbisical strength of body and lungs
than any other qualification, for the successful
prosecution of business in the House at the end
of the session. Would that be the time to risk
such an important appropriation? I would be
fearful about tbe end of the session the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Pickens] would think it
> too late.
Some object to the instructions to the com-
. mittee, that the inquiry ought to be " into the ex-
pediency." This mode of proceeding bad in it no
efficiency or force, and would amount to nothing
at all. There is nothing in this course disrespect-
ful to the committee. If it goes at all to tbe com-
mittee, it would have with it the voice of the
House, which will give to it respectability.
After a bill is reported to the House, time will be
given for examination and discussion. It cannot
be hurried through the House into a law, without
the due and necessary time for deliberation, and
reflection. In every point of view in which I am
capable of examining this measure, I *ro satisfied
i{ ought to receive the favorable action of this
Government, as it has done for the last thirty
years.   I hope and trust it will.
REMARKS OF MR. BR^WN,
Of North Carolina,*
In Senate, Thursday, Jan. 30, |840.
Mr. Grundv, from the  select co
which had been referred the resoluti
Benton, adverse to the resumption of
of the States, submitted  a  report m o
thereto.
A motion was made to print this reporl w
was opposed, and the doctrines of the report de
nounced, by Messrs. Crittenden, Smith of Indi-
ana, and Southard,  and  briefly advocated by
Messrs. Grundy, Benton, and Brown.
Mr. BROWN rase to say a very few words, in
reply to some of the observations which had fallen
from gentlemen who had addressed tbe Senate, in
opposition to the report and resolutions then under
consideration. In what he was about to say, it
was not his purpose to enter into a defence of the
committee, against the severe animadversions which
had been cast on them, for the manner i4 which
they had deemed it proper to discharge the duties
assigned them. He would leave t| *t'task with
those to whom it more appropriately Jketonged, and
who were, in every respect, so entirely competent
to their own vindication.         .             .   ,   .    ,
Tbe object which be had more particularly in
view, was to notice the extraordinary arguments
which had been resorted ««, '« ¿he PurP°se of per-
verting the trae character and objects of the «port,
