Dec; 1839.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
26th Cong......1st Sess.
his friends until the day before hK election Called
ihus suddenly to discharge th? high and impoitant
dut es of that station, it could not be expected that
he would be at once aod ever ready to decide upon
all the various qnes'ions and dunes which would
intervene in hts multifarious and arduous labors.
Then, so far from cen-urtng the Speaker for not
havin  at orce administered the oath of office to all
the six members of the New Jersey delegation who
presented themselves to be qualified, it was perhaps
a mark of prudence and of wisdom for Ihira to
have paused, as he did, and to ask of the experi-
ence cf the Hou«e what would be the course of
propriety and of duty m this juncture of affairs.
It was wise in this, at least it gave him time to
bear the views of others, and to allow the Speaker ,
to examine the ques ion for his final determination.
He did not understand the Speaker to say that he
would Uke no a<Mion but what the House would
indicate; but that his op.mon was, that they should
be sworn in, and that he would not have hesitated
had it not been that the members of the House had
vo'ed en the question before they were organized,
and that he now asked them what he should do.
Such a course is r guiar, precedented, and par-
liamentary. A Speaker, upon a vexed question of
order, often lefers to the Hous-, oftener, perhaps,
to experienced members, for their views, or t> ask
for piecfdents to guide his course. Nor is it unu-
sual for judges on the bench to ask of the bar their
recollection of the law, or the particulars of some
former decison of ihe Court. S > far as the rules
of the House on points of order wider the rules may
be btou°ht into quest on, it can never be unwise
in the Speaker to refer trie question of doubt to the
solution of the House by its vete; for the rules are
made by the House, and subject to its alteration as
well as decision. Bnt, so far as the present ques-
tion is involved, he humbly conceived it one not
for the action of the Hou>e at present, but for the
deliberation and execution of the Speaker. It is a
questitn of higher digmy than a question of par-
liamentary form and law; it is a question involving
the Constitution, the laws of Congress, the laws of
New Jersey—a question wh ch goes to the very i
basis and foundition of the Government.
That the Chair should desire to lis en to a dis-
cuss'on on the question, under the circumstances,
in older to hear expounded  the law for his final
derision, he should most cordially commend; but
this Hous3 has no power to make a law for the
case, nor can it expound, in the present case, the
law; nor can the Speaker be relieved from the dis-
charge of his duties, however responsible or un-
pleasant they may be, however much confidence
he may have in a majority of this House, by
asking a vote of this House upon a question, not
of the rolr s, but a question who shall be sworn in
under the law, which law is beyond the reach and
counter-influence of this Hou^e, which is only a
co-ordinate and co operating branch of the Govern-
ment, and cannot make laws without the concm-
rence of the Senate and of the President of the
United States.   Mr. Speaker, (said Mr. J.) you
have been elected Speaker of this House by a ma-
jority of voices.   You have been sworn into office
by one of its members, [Mr. WituiMS, of North
Carol na.]   The House elee'ed you, it is true; but
did the House decide that the Speaker should take
an oath, and that a member should administer that
oaihtohiml   No, sir; it was a higher authority.
The Constitution says you shall  take an oath; th 
law of Congress defines the language of that oath,
and that any member may administer it to you.
Then, the moment that the Speaker is elected, aad
the oath of office is administered to him, he rises
above the |dignity of a  sample member, and be-
comes an Executive officer of the Government foi
many parpo es, armed with all the powers of the
law and is bound to discharge the h'gh and sacred
trusts reposed in him by the law and the Constitu-
tion.   The first Executive duty he has to discharge
is to swear in all the members.   If it should be
asked who are members, the answer is of easy
solution- those who have the credentials of their
Sta*e, made out according to the laws of their Stale,
as authorized by the Constitution of the Uni'ed
States.   The Constitution and the laws will not
authorize him to go behind the certificate made out
New Jersey Question—Mr. Johnson of
in due form, with all the solemn sanctions of
the law.
Are their seats congested, lit those contesting
them petition this House after it is organized. Is
their claim a strong one, and one which can be
qiuickly settled, refer it t > the Committee of Elec-
tions; for, why have this House alwa>s heretofore
organized a Committee of Elections, if nothing is
to be referred to it, and if the House, before being
fully organ'7ed, decide all contested elections
without evidence of any kind"* If the members
who havt been sworn in are not entitled to their
seats, and the case is oí easy solution, they can
report In a few hours, or in a few days, and then
this House can resolve itself into its high judicial
capacity, and vote them in, if they hare better
claims than those whom yon first swore m. Is the
case one of ('ifficnlt solution, the Committee of
Elections can have the polls purged, the election
returns examined; the Slate is represented in the
mean time, and her oth«r interests protected; and,
when all the facts are made clear, the committee
can report the result of their investigation and
deliberation, and the House can then take order on
the subject, with all the facts of the question before
them. The law makes the duty of administering
the oath cf oflics imperative upon Ihe Speaker,
after he has bien sworn in. It says, he "shall"
administer the oath to "all" the members present.
The first clause of the fourth section cf the first
article of the Constitution declares that—
" The times, places, and manner of holding elections
for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but
the Congress may, at any time, by law, make or
alter such regulations, except as to the p'aces of
choosing Senators."
The first clause of the sentence is now the active
principle of the law, Congress never having passed
a general law on t¡ie subject. In the absence of
any general law, the law of New Jersey becomes
the rule, the living law of tbe land, as much so as
lfitweie really apart of the Constitution itself.
For, in the absence of any general law of Congress,
the Consti ution wou'd become inoperative and a
dead letter, had not the States passed laws, in con-
formity with the provision of the Constitution,
regulating "the times,places, una manner of holding
elections for Sniators and Represenatives."
By the law of New Jersey, enacted to carry out
this provision in the Constitution, which was in
force when the claiming members received their
certificates, it is declared in the fifth section that—
"The Governor, or persm administering the Go-
vernment, and Privy Council, shall also determine
the six persons who have the greatest number of
votes from the whole State for Representatives in
Congress of the United States from this State;
which six persons, the Governor or person adminis-
tering the Government, shall foithwih commission,
under the great seal of the Stale, to represent this State
in the House of Representative of the Congress of
the Un'teJ States."
Mr. J. said that he would ask if it was in the
power of human language to be more explicit—to
exprés-, more clearly than the language of this law
does who are the members from New Jersev' It
is possible that there can be a mist or a shadow of
doubt in ihs mind of any individual who are the
members that should be sworn in?
If the law had named ihe individuals, their iden-
tity would not be mors easy of recognition than
those pointed out in (he law who have the certifi-
cate of election under ihe great seal of the State.
Has any one doubted the validity of this law?
Has any one doubted the authenticity of the cer-
tificates which have been presented by the mem-
bers from New Jersey? He would answer no.
No one has mai'e even an ins nuation of doubt.
Are not the certificates of ihe five members pre-
cisely like Mr. Randolph's who has been sworn in*
Where is thejla v whuh allows the Speaker to go
behind the certificate1 Where is the law which
authorizes him to appeal from himself to a majori-
ty of this pa tially formed House—this inchoate
body1 I have searched in va>n for such a law.
I have looked in vain for even a precedent. Where
is the law which allows the Speaker to discriminate
between, two certificates precisely alike in every
H. of Reps.
particular, to swear in one, and hesita'e to admin-
ister the oath to the othei1? But the first law pass-
ed by the first Congress, after they had a quorum,
was a law regulating the oath of office, and who
should administer it. On the 7th page of the
Journal of the n>t Congress, April 6, 1789, the
following order was made
"Ordered, That leave be gn en to bring in a bill
to regulate the taking the oath or affirmation pre~
scribed by the sixth article of the Constitution, and
that Mr. White, Mr. Madison, Mr Trumbull, Mr.
Gilman, and Mr. Cadwalader do prepare and
j bring in the same "
The sixth article of the Constitution declares
that —
"The Senatois and Reptesentatives before men
tioned,  and   the  members  of   the several  State
Legislatures, and all Executive and Judicial effi
j cers, both of the United States and of the several
i States, shall be bound by oath or affirmation to «up-
I port this Constitution; but no religious test shall evei
be required as a qualification to any office or pub-
lic trust under the United States."
I Will read the first part of the second iec-
tion of the act passed to carry out the provisions of
this article of the Constitution. It stands first
on the statute book, and is entitled—
" AN ACT to regulate the time and mannei oi
administering certain oaths.
" Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and Houte of
Representatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the oath or affirmation
required by the sixth article of the Constitution of
the United States shall be administered in the
form following, to wit: 'I, A B, do solemnly swear,
or afhrm, (as the case may be,) that I will suppott
the Constitution of the United States.' The said
oath or affirmation shall be administered within
three days after the passing of th.s act by any one
member of the Senate to the President of the Se-
nate, and by him to all tbe members, and to the
Secretary, and by the Speaker of the House of
Representatives to all the membero who have not
taken a similar oaib, by virtue of a particular
resolution of the said House, and to the Clerk:
And in the case of the absence of any members
from the service of euher House, at the time pre-
scribed for taking the said oath or affirmation, the
same shall be administered to such member when
he shall appear to take his sat.
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That at the
first session of Congress after every general election
of Representatives, the oath or affirmation afore-
said shall be administered by any one member of
ihe House of Representatives to the Speaker, and
oy him to all the members present, and to the Clerk,
previous to entering on any other business, and to the
members who shall afterwards appear, previous to
taking their seals."
What can be more mandatory, what more
positive and unequivocal, than the language of
this law? After the Speaker shall have been
sworn in by a member, he shall administer the oath
to all the members present previous to entering
of any other business, and to those who afterwards
appear, previous to thnr taking their seats.
Wh;re in this law is any discretion left with_ the
Spsaker to postpone the discharge of this positive
ibjunction? Where is any allusion made to the
opinion of the House in i's informal state, or its
quasi organisation, or in its full and complete
organization'2 This is the binding, existing,
paramount law of the Lnd, and no vote by any
majority of this House can either take from or add
to its source. No vote of this body can add to or
lessen ihe obligations enjoined upon the Speaker by
this plain and important statue law.
No one now doubts its constitutionality. At the
time of its passage there were some slight doubts
raised, as will be found in Elliot's and Lloyd's
Debates. I «ill read a few sentences from
Judge Story's Commentaries rn the Constitution,
pege704. The distinguished commentator sa)s:
"As soon as the Constitution went into opera-
tion, Cor.gress passed an act prescribing ihe time
and manner of takwg -he oa.h or affirmant thus
required, as «ell by ofrcers ot .he several States as
of the United State,. On that occasion some scru-
ple aeems to have been entertained, by a members,
