150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1839.
£6th Cono--• 1st. Skss.
Neiv Jersey Question—Mr. Johnson of Md.
H. of Reps.
of the constitutional authority of Congress to pass
such an act. But it was approved without much
opposition. At this day, the point would general-
ly be deemed beyond the reach of any reasonable
doubt."
The question of its constitutionality is at rest; no
one debates its binding force. This House can
have no power to resist its execution, as it has
been executed by every Speaker who has preceded
you from the formation of the present Government
to the present meeting of the members of this
House.
With a knowledge of this plain law, which points
out (as Mr. J. humbly conceived) the line of duty
as plainly as if it were written with Piomethean
fire, can a justification be urged for its not being
promptly executed, lhat a vote of a part of the
members elected to Congress constituted them-
selves into sn informal House of Congress, and by
a tie vote declared that the five New Jersey mem-
bers rhould not take their seats, because that in-
formal assemblage of members were guilty of a
usurpation of power and a direct violation of the
Conslitution and the laws of the United States?
Will such wanton conduct relieve the Speaker
from his duty to the country?
The informal body that gaye- that vote were not
acting under oath, and were violating the law oí
the United States in attempting to either vote mem-
bers in or out of their places; for the law of 1789
expressly declares that the Speaker shall adminis-
ter the oath " to all the members present previous to
entering on any other business; and to the members
who shall afterwards appear previous to taking their
seats."
So far as the informal body acted in order to
extricate itself from the difficulty fin which the vile
profligacy of the Clerk had placed it, it was legiti-
mate, because it was necessary for its very exis-
tence. So far as it proceded to place itself in a
condition to elect a Speaker, and to do nothing
more, it was necessary and gravely important.
But every act beyond that was nsutpation, which
outraged the law of the nation. The Cleik violated
his duty in not following the e.tablished usages of
the House in reading the list of members who had
a certificate of election according to law. There
is no positive law of the land which makes him
the presiding officer of the House on its organiza-
tion; it is usage—usage established under the old
Confederated Congress. I find in the second vo-
lume of the Congress of 1777, page 305, that when
President Hancock took leave of Congress, the fol-
lowing resolution was adopted:
"Resolved, That the Secietary officiate as Presi-
dent until a new choice is made."
The Secretary's list gives no positive right to a
member to^a seat. It is only called in order to
furnish [evidence that the members are in attend-
ance. It is the certificate of election under the law,
with all the solemnities of the law, that is evidence,
and which alone is evidence, and which cannot be
rightfully rejected upon the organization of tue
House. The Clerk well knew what had occurred
in the case of Moore and Letcher, for it was well
known that the then Clerk of the House placed
the name of Moore on his list, although his certifi-
cate was informal and imperfect, by which he of-
fended two member , friends of Mr. Letcher, who
did not vote for him, by which he lost his re elec-
tion. The present Clerk, less honest, saw this ques-
tion, not as a faithful officer, but as one who knew
he would get his daily bread—and that was reason
enough for him—by refusing to call the five mem-
bers who had certificates of election, and that he
woull thereby secure his re-election, and subserve
the political purposes of his party.
But how stands the question so far as the mem-
bets whose seats are not contested have given an
opinion in the mere informal organization of the
House? By a unanimous vote they have declared
that tbe contesting members are not entitled to the
seats. That is a negative pregnant, and amounts to
a direct affirmation that they believe, although they
will not avow it, that other claimants are entitled
to all the rights and privileges of their places.
They have, by a tit vote, giving no opinion in re-
lation to the members who have the regular certi-
ficate! of election.  And, it is troll known to you
i
and to all of us, that, had Mr. Hawes, of Kentu -.-
ky, been in bis seat at the time, he wou'd have
voted in the affirmative. Then you have the as-
surance, in the first place, that the members are
unanimous in the opinion that the contesting mem-
bers should not be sworn in, and you have a ma-
jority of the members who believe that the other
five should be.
The only argument (said Mr. J.) whxh I have
heard urged with any serious earnestness in the
House before you were elected was, that, if the
members who had the certificates were allowed to
vote, a Speaker might be elected by* their votes,
and that afterwards it might possibly appear, upon
examination of the election returns and of ihe
whole case, that the other gentleman would be
entitled to the seats.
Tne Speakerhas been elected without their votes.
Now, the argument is, that because members
voted once to reject them wrongfully and in
violation of law, and without having the oath of
office administered, they must vote to reject them
again. The morality of which is, that the latter
outrage is justified by the former, and the essence
of the logic is, that two wrongs will make one
right.
Mr J. maintained that a more direct assault
never was made upon the Constitution and the laws
than the vote excluding the five New Jersey
delegates. As ample as are the powers of the
House of Lords of England, the members of th s
House have outstripped them in exercising power.
When sitting in judgment, the peers do not give
their decision on oath, as do tne members of the
House of Commons, but simply on honor. But
every peer is bound to take the oaths pre scribed
by the laws of England, before he take  hxs seat.
"Any peer voting before he has taken the oaths,
rendéis his whole property liable to forfeituie."
But a portion of the members of this Hous , with
the imperative law of the United States before
them, with the Constitution which enjoins an oath,
and with the usage of all the civilized and Christian
world which requires public functionaries to
forbear to decide upon the rights and interests of
others, wthout the fear of Heaven, in the most
solemn form presented to them, and in Ihe form
of an oath, have evicted five members from their
seats; and members from a State which furnishes
her opinions in times past as well as present,
that she requires an oath, not only of those whom
she may appoint to represent her interest, but from
all who may either directly or indirectly have to
pronounce upon any matter touching. her welfare
as a member of this great Republican Confederacy.
I will (said Mr. J.) read her opinions in her own
language from the book I hold in my hand.
[Mr. Rives here called Mr. Johnson to order]
Mr. Johnson said that his evil genius had rihen
behind him to haunt him oace more with his
confused points of order.
Mr. J. resumed his remarks, and was abont to
read from the Journal of the old Congress, when
Mr. Atherton said he would call the gentle-
man from Maryland [M. Johnson] to order; he
was wandering from the true line of debate.
Mr. Johnson replied that the gentleman had
twice called him to order. The first time he had
proffered the impatient member one of the books
before him to read whilst he was progressing in
his remarks to the Chair; but the gentlemen had
thought fit to call him to order again. Hp must
now be allowed to say, with becoming and pro-
found sincerity to that distinguished member, that
he did not adopt him entirely as his standard for
taste or his model in debate; it was h;s misfortune
and his fault. That learned and logical member
argued as with intuitive induction; he [Mr. J ]
sometimes rea<oned by analogy. He bad not,
and he greived most sadly for it, that elegant and
happy facility of giving language to his thoughts
with that inimitable perspicacity which dis-
tinguishes the learned member from New Hamp-
shire. He had often listened with perfect rhapsody,
as had the House on many occasions, to the
brilliant displays of the learned member. The
gentleman had the most rare talent to collect all
the resonrces of his gifted and richly cultivated
mind, and embody them, with a facility peculiar
to himself alone, in one   elegant and s norous
sentence; and thatsen'ence -was—order, order.
After this explanation, which Mr. J. hoped
would be satisfactory, he trusted he might be
allowed to proceed Without further interruption.
The paper which he was about to read was to be
found in the Secret Journals of the Congress of
1778, and was in the first volume, page 374. It
was one of the ablest papers of that day, and he
would only read that patt of it which was gennan
to his purpose and Ihe subject he had under con-
sideration.
Thursday, June 25, 1778.
"To the  United States in Congress assembled:
'Tne representation of the Legislative Council
and General Assembly of the State of New Jersey
showeth: That the articl. ° of confederation and
perpetual union between the Slates of New Hamp-
shire, Maccachusetts Bay, Rhode Island and
Providence Plantations, Connecticut, New York,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ueleware, Maryland,
Virginia, Nurth Carolina, South Carolina, an;l
Georgia, proposed by the honorable the Conprej-:
of the said State?, severally, for their considerares
have been by us fully and attentively considered;
on which we lug leave to remark as follow.-.:
"I. In the fifth article, where, amoti;; other
things, the rjua'iticationc of the dcle^attt fiom ihe
several Statu; are described, there is no mention of
any oath, test, or declaration to be taken or made
hy them preriow to thru admission to seats in Con-
gress. It ir, indeed, to be presumed that the
respective States will be ca'eftii that the delegate.)
they s-nd to assist in managing the general interest
of the Union take the oath to the Government
from which they derive their authority; but, as
the Un ted States, collectively consideied, have
interests, as Well as each particular State, we ate
of opinion that some test or obligation, binding
upon each delegate while he continues in the trust,
to consult and pursue the former as well as the
latter, and particularly to asient to no vote or
proceeding which may violate the general con-
federation, is necessary. The laws and usages cf
all civilized nations evince the propriety of an
oath on such occasions; and the more solemn and
important the deposite, the more strong and ex-
plicit ought the obligation to be."
Many of the framers of the Constitution were
members of the Congress befoie whom the remon-
.'trance of New Jersey was read and conidered,
and h;nce, very likely, lhat clause in the Constitu-
te >u which enjoins upon members to take an oath
or affirmation. And hence, too, most likely, lhat
clause in the law of 1789 vhich enjoins upon the
"Speaker" to administer the oath "to all the
member.- pres nt, and to the Clerk, previous to
entering on any other business, and to the members
who shall afterwards appear previous to taking
their seats." The law of Congress adopts almosj
the very language of New Jersey. New Jersey
that had thus eaily tried to protect her rights, to'
plant round hT.elf, as it were, safeguards with all
the bindmg force of law, and the solemn influence
of religion, is the first victim on which this first
infraction of the law has fallen. She sends her
delegates here with all the authority ofh=rlaw,
with all that is required by any existing binding
law, and you spurn ihrrn from the Hall. What
higher proof can she give than the credential made
out in conformity to.her law*, impressed with h-r
great seal of State? I will not (said Mr. J.) dis-
cuss her great seil. I willuot inquire if a new one
is made upon the election of every Governor. I
will not ask if it is sx inches in diameter, like the
great >eal of England, and, like that, is cut into
four pieces upon every accession to the Throne,
and placed in the Tower, aud a new one of silver
formed. These inquiries I will leave for the curi-
ous. Sufficient for us to know lhat it is the highest
proof of her will, it is the most solemn evidence of
her sovereign authority. It should every whire be
evidence both of her will and her authority.
When was the power of the great seal of a
State questioned before? Go where you will but
to this House, and it will not be disputed. Go to
the courts of law, its presence will of itself speak
its power.
