Dec. 1839.
S6th Cono.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Adama.
1S3
H. ot Reps.
excessively apprehended which has since taken place,
namely, that the election of a person to fill that
Chair would depend on the exclusion of those five
gentlemen from their seats, and the consequentlsacn-
fic* of their rights and ot the rights of their consti-
tuent?, I did conceive that there was a great ques-
tion involved, to which there were two fair and
equitable sides, and I came to the conclus-sn that
this question should be adjudicated, not by caprice,
not by arbitrary will or absolute power, but adju-
dicated acceding to law, before a Speaker should
be chosen. I knew that this could not be done by
the Constitution, by the law, or by immemorial
usage; I knew that those who brought returns in
legal form must be sworn and could not be turned
out of their seats but by the adjudication of this
House; and I saw at the same time how incon-
venient, if not impossible, it would be for the
House to spare the necessary time for the citation
of ihe parties, for the examination of evidence, for
solemn argument, and that en'ire procer which
rightfully belongs to a court of justice, and is
necessary to a judgment in conformity with truth.
I saw that veiy plainly, so did others, and I offered
a resolution with a view to see whether this pam-
tul extremity could not be avoided I believe a
gentleman from Virgin a [Mr. Craig] has offered
the same or a similar resolution since vre met.
[Mr. Ciuic    The resolution I offered was the
very same verbatim «1 literatim ]
The resolution is now use'ess as respects this ea^e,
since ihe election of Speaker has been decided;
and h¿re I must be perim ted to say that it seems,
as if by a retributive act of Pro\ idence, that elec-
tion has been decided precisely  as it would have
been if the five exejuded New Jersey members had
been admitted.   Neither of the iwo great political
parties into which this House is divided'was able to
carry its own candidate, and a gentleman has been
placed in the Chair w ho would have been placed
in it in that case, but wiih five more votes in his
favor.    Having a very high idea of the agency of
Providence in drawing good from evil, I have not
been able to avoid some suspicion that this is a
retributive Providence on ns tor the great waste of
lime which has here taken place to no useful en 1
whatever; for, after all the violent struggle having
for its ultimate object the filling of that Chair, the
self-same individual  has be?n brought into it as
would have been brought there if all the commis-
sioned members of the House had been allowed to
vote, and there had been no trampling on Constitu-
tion, law, and immemorial u.«ae;e.   Bat the princi-
ple of my reso'ution was, and of the gentleman's
resolution from Virginia i", in my opinion------
[Here Mr. Adams was interrupted by Mr. F.
Thomas, of Maryland, who made a point of order,
the discussion of which occupied the House for
more than an honr, but which terminated in- Mr
Adams being permitted to proceed.]
Mr. Adams proceeded.   I am sorry, Mr. Speak-
er, and somewhat surprised, that the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr Thomas] should beso exces-
sively uneasy at the few observations I have sub-
mitted, and that he should be so apprehensive as to
Ihe few which still remain to be nvde; and that he
has thought prop r to consume so much time upon
what I consider  to be an exceedingly fr.voloiis
question.   As to the fir-t part of the motion made
by the gentleman from Maryland,  [Mr. W. C.
Johmson,} naq^y, whether the previous que<t,on
is now in order or not, I have nothing to say.
Tne subject i? too small, tco trifling, for me to ron-
same time upon it.    What I speak to is the se-
cond part of the motion.    It is that wheh makes
the point that, until the members from New Jeirey
are sworn, this House can, by the Constitution and
law«, proceed to no other business.   I say I was in
order in speaking to that part of the motion, and
that I can speak to it.   Of course therefore, when
the    gentlemen   from Maryland   [Mr.   Thomas]
moved that I have leave to proceed in order, ac-
cording to his views of "m order," his motion  was
sobstantial'y that I should be gagged.    If I am
to proceed according to his notions of "in order,"
I had better take my seat, and say nothing.    I am
exceedingly happy that the House has come I o the
conclusion to hear me,   and I will not abose its
indulgence by occupying very much more of its
attention.
In the course of this dscussion, it has appeared
that it is exceedingly objectionable to some gentle-
men here to hear appeals made to the Constitution
and laws, and immemorial usage, for the purpose
of securing to the people of the United States their
right to a representation in th.s House. I can
readily conceive that these are grating sounds on
the ears of some gentlemen, and that to hear them
once is enough; but to hear them time after time,
as I think they ought, until they hear their effect,
that is still more disagreeable, disgusting, and
tedious. I am happy that that is not the temper
of the House, but that we may still appeal to the
Constitution and laws and immemorial usage, in
remonstrating against that enormous encroach-
ment upon them, the exclusion, the expulsion of
five members from this House, who, by the Con-
stitution, the laws, and immemorial usage, aie
entitled to their seats as much as any other gentle-
man here.
When I   was interrupted by the exceedingly
candid gentleman from Maryland, [Mr Th< mas,]
who is willing to let me proceed "in order," accor-
ding to his riewg of order, I  was referring to a
resolution which I offered in thu House at the last
session of Congress, and which, I believe, is now
before the House in the shape of a resolution
offered by the gentleman trom Virginia; and I was
proceeding to sta'e that I did think there was a
great and important qnesiion between the parties.
I am now speaking to the duty of the Chair—to its
duty to swear in ihe members from New Jersey
before any thing else is done in this House; and I
speak to it in order to express my conviction that
that is a duty, to the performance of which he is
bound by the Constitution of the United States, by
the laws of the United States, by the immemorial
usage of the United S ates  and  of the  British
Parliament; and that no resolution or vote of this
Hou^e can ín'erpcse between him  and the per-
formance of that duty.   I was about to proceed to
say that that important question (which I did be-
lieve to be of very great impoitamee, and which
I did hope this He nse would find somp means
of sett'ing   before we   came   together)  has,  in
point of fact, lost all its impor anee; because the
Speaker    has    been   chosen,   and   beeans    the
qnestion is no longer before the House.     Now, I
can conceive that a member of this House, with
a high respect for the Constitution, the laws, and
usage s, while the question of Speaker was before
the House, may still ?ay there is, after all, behind
that, a question as to the will of the majority of the
people of New Jersey in the election of their mem-
bers to represent them in this House.     And, sir, I
am  wilhrg   to concede to the gentleman   from
Vnginia, [Mr. Dromgooi-e,] who argued the point
a day  or two since, that   this House   had the
power   to proceed   to   try   and adjudicate   the
question before the Speaker was chosen.   I con-
rede it to him; but then I say that, if they do so
undertake to dec.de that que tion brfore a Speaker
is chosen, ihey must do it upon the constitutional
principle as judges, not by their will; but that they
must ac under the authority given to ihem by the
Constitution to jugde of the elections, returns and
qualifications of ihe members of this House.   And
lfnnhersay that, if they do it in  that manner,
they cannot do it withont a trial, without hearing
the partiec, without receiving evidence, without
hearing arguments, and that it must be a judicial
act, and not an act of autocrat?.
Well the House has chosen to do it otherwise;
and that there might be no failurs of any incident
to stamp upon them the inconsistency of their act,
that have done it wiih a i esolution on their table,
(not yet repealed,) which was offered by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] that
this House would proceed to try and determine the
question before the election of a Speaker. That
resolution is still before the House unrepealed.
It has, to be jure, been Violated. The election
of Speaker has taken place. By an arbitary act,
not by a judgment-^for there has been no judg-
ment, no mal, no hearing of parties, no reception
of evidence—but by a naked autocratic act, it has
been decided that the five members from New
Jersey shall not be permitted to vote in the election
of Speaker. Now, I say that that House uncon-
stituted, or this House constituted, had no right
to pa«s such a resolution; and I say this,
that it is the duty of the Speaker, prescribed
by the Constitution, prescribed1 by the law,
prescribed by universal usage, to perform that
duty, and that a is not competent for thib
House, by a unanimous vote, to release him from
the performance of it. What is the alternative'
What are we to suppose' We are to suppose that
the power to voting to every member depends on
the will of the majority, and not upon ihe Con-
stitution and laws; tor, upon the same principle,
by virtue of ihe same process by which it was
determined that the member- from new Jersey
should not vote—by the same authority, I say,
my friend from Maryland [Mr.THOMAsJ might
have bad a sure wa> to stop my moatb by moving
that I should not be perm tt?d to apeak or vote,
and then a tie according to the precedent, on the
qnestion whether I should vo e or not, would have
expelled me as it has expelled the fh e members
from New Jersey; and as he could have done it
to me, he could have done it to any other mem-
ber: and thus one-half of the members might be
made to hold their seats not at the pleasure even
óf a majority, but of the other half.
Now, it is that precedent against which I pro-
test in this case; and I wish the Hou?e to take
into consideration that which is so settled and
determined, <o fixed by the authority which I read
a short time since, (probably the highest in the law
oí England,) namely that a member returned by a
sheriff who has been bribed is yet entitled to take
his seat in the House of Commons, until she ha
been adjudged (not arbitrarily expelled, but
adjudged) to have been illegally elected. At the
time I offered the resolution alluded to, at the
last session of Congress, a difficulty had occurred
to me; and I think, if the genileman from Virginia
persists, as I hope he will, in calling for a decision
on his resolution, that he will find, when he comes
to discuss i', that the difficulty which I found will
present itself to him also. When I offered that
resolution, it was rather with a view to see wbe her,
upon cool deliberation, some plan or device
might cot be found by which ihw adjudication
should take place without consuming an unrea-
sonable or unnecessary portion of time. This had
led me to inquire in my own mind into the prin-
ciple upon wh ch is established the law, both of the
British House of Commons and of this House.
What is its principle? Every one will admit that
itisanevil—that it is a wrong dónelo a portion
of the constituency—hat it is a great inconvenience
to decida that a man who, after all, shall turn out not
to be duly elected, should be admitted to vote until
that determination is made. But how was the
evil to be remedied1 The remedy which had oc-
curred to me was that which this House finally
determined it would lake; that is, that whatever
time it might take, they would examine, t try,
adjudicate, and decide thecve, before the [election
of Speaker. But there are great difficulties in this
mode of proceeding. It is a choice of evils and
inconveniences; and I must confess that I have vat
yet been able, satisfactorily to my own mind, to
devise any principle (not an arbitrary proceeding
or an autocratic act, but a principle) upon which
these contested elections can be tued without con-
suming time before the election of Speaker. And
hence I derive what I believe to be the principle of
the estab i-hmeut of the law I have referred lo;
that is to say, that it must be assumed, in the first
place, that members regularly returned according
to law, are duly returned. This, it seems to
me, mubt be the principle; because the ouly alterna-
tive is to deprive the constituency of its Represen-
tatives. The moment you determine lo take any
other cause for the decision of this question, you
not only turn a member out of ihe House, but you
deprive his constituents of the Representative.
Now that is a much greater evil of the two; and it
appears to me to carry with it all the reason ot
another principle; that is, the principle of pr"w£
-the right of pnvilege-tbe privilege of members
of the House from arrest, from summons m a
court of justice.     Why, (he privilege of a man.
