154
26th Cong«"*1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1839.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Mams.
H. of Reps.
from arrest—from being brought to obedience to
tbe laws—is a great evil and inconvenience.
There are many individuals who suffer in con-
sequence of it. The privilege by which no mem-
ber shall be summoned to a court of justice as a
witness, either in public, criminal cases, or in in-
dividual cases between man and man, is a great
evil—a great inconvenience. But what then'!
The privilege here is established—it is established
hert by the Constitution. It is established to an
infinitely greater extent in the Parliament of Eng-
land, for privilege there is indefinite—determined
upon principle to be so—and it has been carried
to a most extravagant length.
But the principle upon which this privilege from
arrest was settled is laid down in Jefferson's
Manual by an opinion of the author of that book,
and it is in terms extremely applicable to the
present case.    I will read it:
"This privilege from arrest, privileges of course
against, all process the disobedience to which is
punishable by an attachment of the person; as a
subpasna ad respondendum, or testificandum, or a
summons on a jury, and with reason; becau«e a
member has superior duties to perform in ano-
ther place."
That (continued Mr. A.) it is the authority given
by the book which Jefferson cites. No*, what
is his own opinion?
"When a Representative is withdrawn from his
seal by summons, ike 30,000 people whom he repre-
sents lose their voice in debate and vote, as they do en
his voluntary absence: when a "Senator is withdrawn
by summons, his State loses half its voice in debate and
vote, as it does on its voluntary absence. The enor-
mous disparity of evil admití no comparison "
There (continued Mr. A.) is the opinion of
Jefferson in a case which I consider to be per-
fectly analogous. "The enormous depravity of
evil admits no comparison." What is the evil
on the one side? It is the special privilege of
an individual, which may be injurious to the public
or to individuals. What is the evil on the other
side? It is, that the 30,000 [now 47,700) men
whom he represents are deprived of their voice
and vote in the representative assembly of the
nation. Now, this principle gives me aho the
principle upon which it has been established, that
in cases of contested election the members regular-
ly returned shall be admitted to sit until th« House
shall have adjudged that o'her persons are ent tied
to ihe seats. I say ihat "the enormous d sparity
of evil admits no comparison."
What is the evil of the admission ci' members,
upon tbe regular credentials or commfcs'on which
the law has prescribed as the testimony alone ad-
missible for giving them feats here in ihe first in
stance? What, I ask, is the evil? There are two
points of view in which the evil is to be considered.
The first is in a party point of view. The fee >nd
is in a view as it resperts the people, the con-
stituency, the nation. Now, I biing this question
to the precise case before us. I ask, what is the
evil of admitting the five gentlemen here from
New Jersey who have presented themselves, ac-
cording to the law and the Constitution, and have
asked to be sworn? What is the evil? Why, gen-
tlemen very warm in their party feelings will say
that the evil is enormous; upon all those party
questions which may arise, it may give a majority
to the party opposed. That is the answer of party,
of party spirit.
What ii the answer as respec's the nat'on?    In
the present case we have been  told that the gentle-
men who demand admission  would misrepresent
the people of New Jersey; and that their competi-
tor?, the five others, would be the only true repre-
sentatives of the people.    What is the fact?     The
people of New Jersey, and, I  believe I might say,
the people of the United Slates, of almost every
separate State in   the Union, are precisely in the
condition   of this House which represents them.
We all know it  is so in  New Jersey, for, in this
very case, there were two tickets of these two par-
ties—one member of one party elected on   that
ticket by a majority, and five others of the other
party claiming to be elected on the other.
Now, what do justice and equity say? Are we
o take the voice of the people (so divided that a
spider's web could scarcely  stand   between  the
question)  to be, that one  pcr;ion  is to be consi-
dered as the true representatives of the whole peo-
ple of the State of Ntw Jersey, or  that the other
portion is to be  so ennsidereo?    I say, for myself,
in all  candor, that I believe the Stale of New Jer-
sey would not be  misrepresented by either of the
two parties.    I  believe  that the  people of New
.Teriey would be well represented by either.   They
are all respectable men.   Those who claim feats
here we know, they having been nncontes ed mem-
bers of the   last  Congress.    On the other side, we
know that there are among the competitors two
men who have recently received from the people of
New Jersey the h'ghest office in their gift.   Of one
of them I can say more.    He has served hrre with
me; served on one of the committees, in the busi-
ness of which ihe great parties of this House were
as much inn-rested probably as in any other com-
mittee, and, on the great question of protection to
domest'c manufactures—one of the bones of con-
tention amongst us—my word for it, not one of the
members claiming would vole differently to what
he did.   These were  the interes's of New Jersey:
and the great question of the tariff which divides
the reople of this Unio,  but most deeply inte-
resting lo the people of New Jersey, would be de-
cided by the votes of both thes  parlies in the same
manner. Am I to be permitted to say that these two
Governors, so recently chosen by the people, or that
the thn-e other gentlemen, equally respectable with
them, would  mis epresent ihe people?    I say n©
such thing—I be;ieve no such thing.    It is not
amongst my principles to do this.    I  cannot un-
dertake to say, upon a mere political difference
of opinion, however deep or important, between
myself and another man—I cannot undertake to
say that he, with the oath of God upon him, misre-
presents his own constituents.    1 do not believe it.
And, for every thing that relates to the interests of
the people of New Jersey or to the interests of ihe
people of the United átales, I, for one, if this ques-
tion is to be determined, not upon adjud:cation, or
by judges, but by arbitrary power—I say I  would
rather that they who now decíate  that these five
members shall not vote, would go  te the end of
their pes tion, and say that the five others should.
Infinitely rather would I have the five competitors
securing to the people of New Jersey their  repre-
sentation fcr a length of time which   none  of us
can foresee; ft r, if you exctmlx th< m now, you vir-
tually expel ihem.    If they are expelled, then their
constituents, five-sixths  of the people of New Jer-
sey,   aie  without  representation  here—nearly   a
whole State cf this Union.      And when my friend
from Pennsylvania over the way [Mr.  Serge*nt]
reminded us that this was Ihe State in which  were
located Trenton, and Prince'on, and Monmouth—
ihe State which braved the very crisis of the Revo-
lutionary war—a Slate on «hose soil you. cannot
itep without treading on the grave of some sufferer
in the cause of your independence—when I am re-
minded of these things, and when I s*e a proposi-
tion, wherever made, to deprive the people of that
State of their rightful represantation here, I cannot
submit to it—I cannot cease to invoke in their be-
half the Constitution, the laws, usage,  and every
law that ever was b.nding  here, to let  them  in.
And if you determine, by this arbitrary  decision,
that you will not admit the five who have the legal
credentials, I say, in God's name, admit ihe others,
b< cause then at least you will not have violated the
rights of the people of New Jersey.
I cannot Corlear, in this case, to consider the
people of New Jersey undár the form of a single
individual. One of the great dramatic wi iters of
antiquity, in one of his plays, represents the people
of Athens in the form of a single man named Demos.
Demos is the people. It is in one of the plays of
.Aristophanes. Now, I coisider the people of New
Jersey here as one man. Then, to come to an-
other diametic representation. I think I hear the
people of New Jersey say, "What is my bond?
You have a right to cut a pound of flesh next to
my heart out of my body—that is the bond;
that is, according to the law of Venice." I
do not know how it may be here, but, according
to that law, the bond was so. There was the right,
or at least the power, to cut out a pound of fleth
next to Ihe heart of the individual. An>l what was
ihe final decision in ihat case—a decisii n devised
by a woman? She allowed the man at last to cut
out the pound of fl.sh. "You have a righj todo
it," said she; "ihe law says that your bond shall
be cairied into execution, if you insist. Take
your pound of flesh, therefore, but be careful not to
spill one diop of bloo.1. Ii>u do spill one drop of
blood, your bond is forfeited, and your lands, and
goods are confiscated lo the State." Now, I mam.
tain that the people of New Jers?y have a right to
say the same thing. There is the pound of flesh;
here are my five Representatives; they are a part
of my corporation, of my body; cutout the pound
of flesh if you will, but take cure not lo spill one
drop of blood; for if you do------
[Mr. Byndm here rose suddenly, and adchvsed
the Chair, supposing Mr. Adams to have con-
cluded.    After very genetal laughter,]
Mr. Adams resumed. I have too much re-reet,
Mr. Speaker, fo! the candor wh,ch the gentleman
from Norih Carolina [Mr. Bynum] has this day
evinced, to deprive him much longer of the ( ppor-
tunity to present his views. I shall clo>e my re-
marks very soon.
Sir, it has been said that this is res judicata—that
this question is settled; and I think that the argu-
ment proceeds from a gentleman who, at the same
time, dec'ared that it was not according to hisvievvs
of constitutional right. But it is res judicata, and,
although he was againsl it, and though he thinks it
was wrong fur the House so to decide, yet, when
he came to the question—
[Mr. Rhett asked leave to explain. He was
understood to say that he had not taken the ground
that the House could not judge the question. The
ground he had taken was, that tbe House ought to
go either on the commission, or should go elabo-
rately into the whole case. He wes opposed to
going elaborately into the whole case; therefore, he
went for the commas on.
Mr. Adams referred to the rest lution which the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rheit] had
himself offered, a"d which wa* still upon the ji ur-
nals of the House ]
Mr. A. then proceeded. But the gentleman says
the question upon the commission was decided by
this Hou'e. Does the right of the pfople of New
Jersey depend upon that commission? I! so, ihe
members coming here under il hive a right to be
sworn. If not, the House his no right, to set it
avide. Thit is my doctrine; and I must coi.feiS 
that I do not altogether under t nd the lotic or the
political morality of that principle which, in the
fiist place, opposes a wrong, and, when the wrong
comes to be carried into execution, supports it. I
have read, in a certain book, something like this
charge made upon a man, "When thou sawest a
thief thou consented?! to it." I do not mean to
say that the gentleman consorted to thievery, or
that there is any thievery in ihe case. But I near
him say that what is wrong, and what he has pro-
nounced to be wrong, he will consent to; and, as it
cannot be carried but through his vote, he will give
a decisive vote for it.
[Mr. Rhett again rose to exp'ain. He had ne-
ver said what the gentleman attributed to him. If
he (Mr, R.) recollected, what he had said was, that
the House having decided this matter, he would
vote f r every proposition giving it the ditection
proposed by the resolution of ihsgent'eman frtm
Vuginia, which was, lo make it a question of elec-
tion. He wanted to get nd of it, so that the House
might go on with the greattr maiteis before it.]
Mr. Adams resumed. The ge.itlemaa is atli er-
ty, Mr. Speaker, to make as many explanat.ons as
he pleases; but the saying i ne thing and the doing
another seem to me to be so inextricably involved
in his two processes, that 1 cai not recorcile ihem
together as log c. "To that complexion it must
come at last." You say one thing and you do
another—the one and the other directly and imme-
diately succeeding. And ihat House—Ihe body
that now composes this imperfect and uncocstituted
House—agreed upon this proposition; they deter-
mined to go to trial, and ten minutes afierwards
Ihey determined to elect a Speaker without trial; ,
not to adjudicate, not, as the Constitution autho-
rizes them, to be judges of election, but to decide
