Feb. 1840._____________               APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi._______________               155
26th Cohg....1st Sess.   _______________New Jersey Question—Mr. Campbell of S. C.                                          H. of Reps.
the question, without trial, without evidence, with-
out hearing the parties, upon their mere will and
pleasure.   Such wa* the action of that body.
And, as to the process of reasoning heie, have
we not upon the journals of the last Congress a
most signal example of a case in  which the res
judicata was set aside by this House?    Whit was
fie resolution in that case?   It was not a resolu-
tion depiiving the people of the Slates of their Re-
presentatives, but it was making Representatives
for them.  Two members came here claiming seals
fiom  ihe Sta'e of Mississippi, at what was called
the   special   session—the   first   session   of   the  >
Twenty-fifth Congress.      Some inquiry—a very  ¡
modest one—was made.    One gentleman rose and  j
said, that if his credentials were   called  for, he
would call for the credentials of every man in the
House; and I saw it boasted in an AdminUtraiion
newspaper, that this frightened theWhg.s out of their
senses, and that they agref d to let him in, because
they bad not got their credentials in their  pockets.
I siy I saw  it gloried in  as a capital mariosuvre.
Well, these two gent emen had credentials, which
npon iheir face declared that they were elec'ed for
Pie called or extra session—from the lime when the
eliC'ion was held (probably i  June) until the next
November, which was ihe time of holding the re-
gular election in  Mississippi.   These gentlemin
not only fiiihten d the Whigs out of any question
as to the validity of the credentials, but persuaded
th; Committee of Elections to report that they were
elected for the whole Congress—yes, for the whole
Congress, with credentials bearing upon their face
that they were elected for the called sesson,or un-
til the  month of November;   Such were the cre-
dentials; and the gentlemen never produced them,
either to the House or to the Committee of Elec-
tions; and so good-natured were the committee, that
they not only did not ask for them, but they report-
ed that  the  two gentlemen  were elected for the
whole Congress.   This is the history of the first
decision, and this House decided accordingly.
The month of November came. The people of
Mississippi, according to the laws of their State,
elected two Representatives—other men, not those
whom this House had thought proper to make
their Representative?. These two others came
here and cla'med their ri ht to represent the Sate
of Mississippi. What did the House do? The
House rescinded their resolution of the preceding
session—the res judicata—by a majority, not by a
tie—turning neck and heels out of doors the two
gentlemen whom they had previously declared to
be members; and then went on to make another
decision as wise and just as the former; that is to
say, that ihe members duly elected by the people of
Mississippi were not elected, and that they must go
back again. What was the consequence? Why,
that the people of Mississippi had the trouble and
expense and charge of a third election, in which
they returned the same two individuals whom
this House had refused to recognise, and this
House was compelled to receive them. Sir,
every decision of this House was a precedent to
be avoided, and the cn'y decision that was right
and just and true was the final decision of the
people of Mississippi themselves. But, in the
mean time, the people of Mississippi bad been
here for four or five months without a representa-
ron at all. Still these decisions of the House
were made by judges. There was an adjudication;
it was a re* judicata; but the House it elf reversed
its first re  judicata, and the peop'e of Miss s^ippi
reversed their second. I hope I shall not hurt the
feelings of any who took part in that fabrication of
Representatives for Mississippi. I do not mean
such a thing; I speak merely of the decision of
that Congress on these election questions as I think
of them now, and as I thought of them then
When first the question was taken, 1 told this
House that the people of Mississippi would do
themselves justice—that they had yet to go through
that process, and I remoostiated against ihe as-
sumption of power on the part of this House to
make Representatives for the people of the United
States. And, sir, I am happy that the people of
the State of Mississippi ratified and confirmed the
opinions I entertained. But I have brought ibis case
to show that the rtijndkata in this House ii not
as it ought not to be, Ike the Jaws of the Medes
and Fer-ians, an absoluta depotism, not to be
altered or revoked under any circumstances. If
this House goes one step beyond the bounds of Ihs
Constitution, by assuming power which does not
belong to them, the best th ng they can do for
themselves, for the interests of their country, and
for the rights of the people, is to retrace their
steps.
action, were adopted by a considerable majority of
the committee. But we are now called upon by
the gentleman from Tennessee to report to this
House the names of thoss who received a majority
of all the votes polled, irrespective of frauds in the
conduct of the election, or of illegality in the votes.
After the adoption of the resolutions just referred
to, a mass of testimony was examined, which ap-
pearing inconclusive, under the circumstances of
this case, as to who had received a plurality of the
legal votes, the committee, at the, request of one of
the parties, agreed to allow additional time for the
procurement of testimony.
The time allowed was longer than Mr. C.
thought was necessary—longer than, as a member
of the committee, he was disponed to grant, but it
was agreed upon by a majority of the committee,
in opposition to his wishes; and although he felt
strongly tempted, a* a choice of alternatives, to ad-
vocate a preliminary report, to te made imme-
diately, upon such testimony as was before the
committee,, or upon such as could have been pro-
cured in a few days, under the power to send for
per oris and papers, he did not, upon the whole,
think that a difference in opinion as to time, was
sufficient juitifi '.ation for him to abandon the posi-
tion which he had at first taken, to make but one
report upon this subject, and that that report should
be upon the merits of the election.
Long, however, as is the time allowed, he doubted
whether it was much lonaer than would be occu-
pied in debate by this Hou¡>e upon a preliminary
reprrt, made by a divided committee upon testi-
mony insufnc:ent to establish the fact, (not as to
who had received a majority of votes, for that
could be easily shown,) but as to who were duly
elected. So that, in reality, this apparent procasti-
nation may be the means of accelerating the final da-
emon of thissubject. For who can doubt, (continued
Mr. C.) that had the committee made a divided
report, stopping short of the merits of this election,
we should have witnessed a revival of those scenes
whieh so much detracted our deliberations in the
early part of this session; and not improbably, after
a long and exci'ed discussion, the subject would
again have been referred to the committee, with
instructions to report upon its merits—scenes
which will not improbably be revived, if the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee should be adopted by this House.
There was but one of two courses for the com-
mittee to have pursued. The one was to have
made a preliminary report as to who should occupy
the contested seats until the election Was decided
on its men's; the other was to suspend a report
until after a full and thorough investigation, or
such facts could be laid before the House as would
enable it to come to a satisfactory and final con-
clusion upon the election.
Had the committee supposed that its duties were
limited to collecting the returns, that had not
been counted by the Governor and Privy Council,
to the adding up and reporting who had received a
majority of vttes, as was now proposed, a very
short time, perhaps a single day, would have suf-
ficed; but such were not i's limited duties. TSe^.
present contest, he conceived, went beyond the re- !
turns, and invo'ved the inquiry of who, under the
Consii:ution of the Ufiited States and the laws of
New Jersey, have been duly elected memlers cf
this Htuse. No gentleman—not even the gentle-
man who moved the amendment—can deny that
it is the voice of qualified voters only, expressed in
conformity with law, that constitutes an election.
If the course adopted by the committee is des-
tined to meet with the disapprobation of the House,
said Mr. C. a full share of that disapprobation
must rest upon me. When the committee was
first organized, it stood eight to one in favor of a
preliminary report—a true index of the House by
which it had been created—four gentlemen, mem-
bers of the committee, being in favor of * report
upon the credentials, which had already, by no very
equivocal expression of opinion on the part
of th« House, been repudiated,—four being
disposed to report upon the examination of the tes-
timony before us, who had received a majority of
votes. I alone, of all the members of the commit-
tee, was üsposed from the first to go into   the
SPEECH OF MR. CAMPBELL,      ¡
OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
In the House of Representatives, February  14, 1840.
"The Speaker announced the first business in order was the
resolution reported from Ihe Committee of Elections by Mr.
Campbell, chairman, asking the House to grant that com-
mittee the privilege to have all printing done which it deemed
necessary to facilitate the investigation of the New Jersey dis-
puted elec.i ion.
"The question pending when the resolution was last under
consideration, was the motion of Mr. Cave Johnson to amend
the proposition from the committee, by authorizing that com-   !
mittee to have printed all the evidence they had collected in re-
lation to this election.
"Mr. Campbell said he had been instructed by the com-
mittee to accept the proposition of the gentleman" from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. W. Johnson.]
Mr. Cave Johnson then offered the following resolution as
a substitute fur his former proposition:
Resolved, That all the proceedings and papers before the
Conninittee of Elections in relation to the New Jersey election,
be r ported to the House by the committee, with a statement of
the names ef the individuals who received a majority of all the
votes given at the election for members of the Twenty-sixth
Congress in that State, and that the same be printed for the use
of the House, and the committee have leave to hive such other
papers and documents in relation to other contested elections,
pending before them, printed by the public Printer of Congress.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina r.^se and
said: It was a matter of some surprise^ to h:m that
the gent'emen from Tennessee, [Mr. Cave John-
son,] when he had offered an amendment to a reso-
luiion reporied from the Committee of Elecii«ns,and
when that amendment had just been accepted as a
mod rication of the resolution, should now shift bis
position, and offer for the consideration of this
House a proposition so essentially different frt.ni
the one be had first prevented. Surely the gentle-
man is difficult to please. He first makes
a proposition that all the papers in the pocsession of
the committee in relation to the New Jersey case,
whether relavant or not to its merits, should be
piiiiled, and no sooner is his proposition accepted
by the committee as a modification to its own reso-
lution, that be calls for a report .of the m mes of
those who received the jreateit number of votes
irrespective of irr¿qularities in the conduct of the
election, or of illegality in the votes.
Mr. C. felt that the gentleman's amendment now
presented, calling for the names of those who had
received the greatest number of votes, made it in-
cumbent upon him briefly to state, with the indul-
gence of the House, the reasons why the commit-
tee had not, ere this, reported on the New Jersey
case; and in doing so, he would endeavor to con-
fine himself to a detail of such fact?, not already in
the possession of the House as wei e necessary to
this explanation.
Previous to entering into in examination of the
testimony submitted for Us consideration, the com-
mittee adopted certain resolutions as the basis of
its action, which, in his judgment, embodied the
true principles of evidence applicable to the trial
of this case. These resolutions were, in substance,
as follows: That the credentials of the Governor
of New Jersey are prima facie evidence that they
who hi'ld them are entitled to their seats; but their
correctness being questioned upon the ground that
all the votes polled were not counted, the com-
mittee would proceed to inquire who had received
the greaieit number of votes. That all votes re-
ceived by authorized officeis, acting in conformity
with law, were prima facit legal; but it being alleged
that pluralities had been obtained by the admission
of illegal vot*s, and by frauds perpetrated on the
ballot box, the committee would receive evidence
as to the truth of these allegations, and inquire who
had received the greatest number of leg-U votes,
•polled in conformity with the Ccnstitution of the
United Stales and the laws of New Jersey, and
were, there'ore, duly elected, and entitled to oc-
cupy, as members of the House ot Representatives,
the five contested seats from that State.
These resolutions, looking to a plurality of legal
voies, and constituting them the basis of its final
