156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GtOBE.
86tu Cono""1st Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Campbell of S. C.
*eb.  1840.
H. of Reps.
merits of the election; and, whether for good or
for evil, the latter course ha-? at last receired the
reaction of the majority, and is that which has
Iwen adopted. Had the committee determined
upon a preliminary report in the abstract, which it
might easily have done, I would have endeavored
in good faith to have carried out its views. And,
although I did not feel myself called on in com-
mittee to express my opinion of the basis on which
snch a report should be made, if made at all, I do
not hesitate to say that, had a preliminary report
b«en determined apon, and it had been left to me
to decide between adopting the Governors creden-
tials and the majority of votes, as indicated by the
poll books, I would not have hesitated a moment
to have preferred the latter. But in deciding,
not on a question of returns only, but of elec-
tion, who can doubt that it is the voice of
qualified voters only that should be respected?
It could never have been the intention of this
House to limit the power of the Comraitiee of
Elections to the collection of returns—to the mere
duties of a returning officer—to the mere addiog up
oi the votes. To deny to this committee the right
to inquire into irregularities, or frauds, or illegality,
would be in effect to deprive the House of its con-
stitutional power to judge of the election of ¡ts
members, and to prostrate the elective franchise at
the footstool of every petty and unprincipled ma-
nager of an election.
When the committee was first organized—when
eight out oí nine of its members were favorable to
a preliminary report—it was urged from every side,
with much force and eloquence, that great injus-
tice would result by the exclusion of five-sixths of
the representation of New Jersey from this hall,
until, after a thorough, and perhaps protracted in-
vestigation, we should have it in our power to lay
before the House such facts as would enable it to
come to a satisfactory decision as to who had been
duly elected.
' &ir, t^said Mr. C.) I admit to its fullest extent the
magnitude of this injustice—injustice that cannot be
exaggerated by any language in which it can be de-
scribed, an injustice that 1 would most willingly
avoid, though the exclusion, instead of being
applicable to almcst an entire State for weeks and
months, were applicable only to a single district, for
a single hour. But it is net manifest to every gen-
tleman, that with ihe difference of opinion that ex-
ists in this House, if the committee had made a
divided report upon the question of returns only,
the scenes which have airead taken place in
this hall would have been acted over again; that
upon the same testimony, with very immaterial
additions, which the House has already had before
it, the same changes would have been rung,
and perhaps the House have again declined to
any decision as to who were entitled to seats. In
Ihe mean time the investigation of the election
would have been suspended, and the final decision
upon its merits delayed.
It is certainly important that the people of every
part of this Union should, at all times,  be fully
and fairly represented; and when they are not so,
they do not enjoy an equal i y of privileges.   But
this is a great question of princip'e unmixed with
exped ency, and he would ask whether either  the
advantages of a representative Government, or
the purity of the elective franch se, can be preserved
by admitting gen temen to seats in this House,
who claim to be, but   who may not in truth be,
duly elected?   Shall this House fleet, out of donbt-
fol claimants,  the representatives of the peoplt?
Or, shall it confine itself to its constitutional right
of deciding whom the people have elected?   The
former would be destructive of liberty, subversive
of the Constitution, and an evil, at least as geat
as the exclufion of a portion of the Representa-
tives from a State, until all resonable doubt is re-
moved as to whether they were duly elected.   Bet-
ter it is that the voice of the people of any particu-
lar part of this Union should be silent fur a *hort
time in this hail, than that it should be falsely re-
flected by those who are not their chosen Repre-
seota'ives.
Upon the principle here advanced, and which
may appear to be somewhat startling, this House
has, except in its organization, invariably acted.
The position is this: when an election is involved
in reasonable doubt, except in case of a sitting
member, a sufficient investigation to remove the
doubt fhould precede the right of membership.
So far has this principle been carried, that in-
stances are numerous in our cases of contested
elections, when, ir being found impracticable to de-
cide with positive certainty who was duly elected,
the seat has been declared vacant, and so remained
until after a new election. No longer ago than the
last Congress, the State of Mississippi was without
a Representative for nearly an entire fusion, in
consequence of a decision declaring the Feats va-
cant. The case under cons'deration is a very unu-
sual one, and there is not, in the annals of our con-
tested election?, one preeUely parallel to it. The
case of Letcher and Moore, in the Twenty-thud
Congress, approaches nearer to it, in all its fea-
tures, than any other, and affords a precedent di-
rectly in point as to the course pursued by the
committee. Mr. Moore claimed a seat on imper-
fect credentials; Mr. Letcher upon the majority of
votes, as indicated on the poll books. Neither of
these gentlemen was admitted to a seat in the or-
ganization of the House, and the subject was re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections-. The
majority of votes npon which Letcher claimed a
seat was clear and undisputed, acknowledged in
the first paragraph of the report of the committee;
and yet, instead of being admit'ed to his seat as
soon as that fact was ascertained, the committee
passed a resolution postponing the trial, and allow-
ing time to obtain additional testimony to try the
election on its merits. [Mr. C. here read from a
volume on contes'ed elections.] Thus we see that
noiwithstanding Mr. Letcher claimed distinctly on
the ground of an acknowledged majority of votes,
the committee, instead of recommending that he be
admitted to a seat, thought it incumbent upon them
to investigate the ballot boxes. The result of the
trial was unfortunate. It terminatsd not in ad-
mitting either gentleman, but in declaring the seat
vacant, and sending the election back to the
peop'e.
Mr. C. said it would be uncandtd in him not to
acknowledge that he felt some apprehension of a
similar result in the present case; and this conside-
ration had much weight with hrm as to the expe-
diency of the postponement of this case for addi-
tional testimony.
That the people of New Jersey had made an
election substantially in conformity with law, he
had bo doubt; and no honorable man, no patriot,
no Jerseyman of proper principles, wonld endeavor
to set that election aside. The people of that S ate
had exercised one] of their highest prerogatives in
making the election; and, if either set of claim-
ants, for selfish, base, or unworthy purposes, would
stifle the voice ef that people, fairly exptesstd, they
must be regarded as traitors to the Constitution—
as enemies to the liberties of the people—as recre-
ant to the principles of honor. Conduct so base
could not fail to be unmasked; and they who, for
selfish purposes, would attempt it, must sink
abashed and confounded under the indignant scorn
of that people whose liberties they would have
violated, and whose rights ihey wonld have
sacrificed. He had heard it suggested that such
an attempt might be made; but he believed it no';
for surely gentlemen s'lectei as candidat s by the
rival parties of ¡hat gallant old Slate, as individuals
to represent the national councils, cannot
contemplate a design so flagrant—so contemptible.
Tne blood of ths Revolution, so freely shed upon
her battle fields, would rise in judgment against
such a prostitution on the part of those who have
been selected, not as the instruments to tear down,
but as the pillars to uphold, their institutions, for
wh;ch that blood was shed. But even if such an
attempt is made, its accomplishment is rendered
difficult, if not impossible, from the following con-
sideration. It is well known that parties in that
Slate are thoroughly organized—so much so, that
it i-5 ksown to what party almost every individual
belongs; and for one, I repudia'e the idea that the
mere fact of proving an illegal vote, should be al-
lowed to operate in favor of the party to which the
individual jtiving it belongs. In other words, the
mere proving that an illegal voter voted, must
leave a presumption that he voted for the party t0
which he belongs. However much, in some re-
spects, an overweening devotion to party is to be
deprecated, the spirit of party has, in many re-
spects, a beneficial tendency; and among them is,
that it excites watchfulne-s, and acts as a guard
against attempted frauds, should such be attempted,
in the investigation of an election.
He had heard it stated as an objection, that ths
procrastination of this trial on the part of the Com-
mittee of Elect ons, would be, indeed, that it was
used for party purposes. He wan at a loss to dis-
cover how it could thus be used. But to avoid ths
possibility of such a result, so far as he was con-
cerned, he would take it upon himself to say, that
there was evidence b?fore the committee, reserved
by it as competent, chough its sufficiency has rot
yet been passed upon, showing tint ihe Governor':
credentials were based on jmpprfeot returns, and
ihat the gentlemen who claim, in opposi'wn to
these credentials, it:ceiveil a mijonty of the vott-s
polled. If the committee had supposed that
its duties wepe limited to ihe mere act of cor-
recting the return, or to tie adding up of votes
polled, and reporting who had received a maji rity,
wiihout inquiring into illegalities or ¡rtf<>ulanties,
that duty might have been performed, perhaps, in
a single day. But that i his was not the intei tion
of the House, he thought was manifest from the
following consideration, to which ha would call
the attention of gentlemen generally, and particu-
larly the attention of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, who had offered ths amendment. It is thK:
simultaneously with Ihe reference of the papers on
this subject, there was referred, by the House t.i
the committee a mass cf depositions impeaching
Ihe validity of the election held at certain townships,
and the legality of numerous votes that had been re-
ceived. Will any gentleman say that it was not
the duty of the committee to have examined ihe.-e
depositions, thus referred, previous to making their
report? The very act of looking into these deposi-
tions impeaching the legality of voles, was in itself
the commencement of an investigation into the ballot
boxes. And would it not have been a perfect
mockery to have made a partial, and stopped >hort
of a thorough, investigation? The very reterence of
depositions impeaching the legality of votes, pro-
duced a necessity of examina'ion before reporting,
and was equal to an exprets order .from the Hoxise
that the ballot boxis should be investigated.
But it may he said that the parties should have
bean ready for trial. This, he Ednrtted, was a
strong argument, and in most cases where due no-
tice of contest had been given, would be regarded
by him as conclusive. But this was a very unusual
case. Neither party admit that they art the con-
testors; and all know that neither were ihe sitting
members. This was an obstacle to timely prepa-
ration; and the gentleman who asked an extension
of time for the procurement of additional testimo-
ny, allfged that it was not practicable for them to
be prepared when this case was taken up.
Taking this circumstance in connection with
the fact that there is no regulation on the part of
Congress for taking testimony in contested elec-
tions, and that there was no law in New Jersey at
that time applicable to this ca<e, the committee de-
termined to postpone the decision of the question
of ultimate right until a day certain; the parties
employing the interval in the preparation of their
testimony, and the committee expre-ily reserving
the right to report the facto, with its opinion thereon,
whenever it might judge it expedient to do so.
An investigation into the ballot-box was at all
limes an unpleasant and ungrateful t?sk; ani he
was not surprised that high spirited gentlemen
should object to traversing thecountiy to search out
illegal votes. But the importance of preserving
purity in elections overrides all private conspi-
rations. The ballot-box lies at the founda-
tion of our institutions. Preserve it pure, and
ycu preserve the Government iUelf. Do not suffer
the pure spirit of American hbetty which is
breathed throughout the ballot to be contaminated
by an amalgamation with foreign principle?. Do
not allow those who do not acknowledge our ins i-
tutions, but who owe their allegiance to other Go-
vernments, to corrupt the sources of our own laws
