Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Pension Bill—Mr. Underwood.
H. of Reps.
The fault was not so much in tte payment of pen-
sions cr of any other particular fund, as in the
utter want of sy-teui and of accountability accord-
ing io law. And here he would take occasion to
ask the attention of the committee to this busine-s,
according to his recollections. If he should be in
error as to any particular, he would be glad that
any gentleman should set him right. There was a
time when the whole moneys of the United States
were under the immrdiate protection and cus'ody
of the law of the United Saes. There was a pe-
riod from the year 1816, to ihe year 1833, or 1834,
when the whole moneys of the United States were
kept where Congress directed them to be kept.
Congress made the laws, and Congress, in certain
cases, unmade those laws; but whilst the public
money remained as it was then, it was kept under
the authority of law, and subject at all times 11
tie an hority of both Houses of Congress. This
had ceased to be the cas* in relation to the monej s
efthe United State*. They weie no longer so.
They were placed under the management of the
Executive, and this great change in our m n*y
system had been acctmplishe.d by means to which
he would not advert tecause they were now a
par', a vey m:moiabIe part, of the his ory of the
country.
It had been said in the course of the debate that
the giving to pension agents the advantage of hav-
ing the money of ihe United States in their hands
was only conferring upon them the advantages
which the Bank of the United States formerly had.
This was a mistake. Tne Bank of iha United
States had never received any advantage at all
from the payment of the pen ioners; and, if gen-
tlemen woold look into the history of the matter,
they would find such to be the iact. The whole
service of paying the pensions of the United States,
wih alt the risk and labor which accompanied it,
was performed by that institution without compen-
sation, directly or indirecly. When Congre.-s
chartered the Bank of the United States, certain sti-
pulations were agteed upon between the Bank and
the Uni ed States. On the part of the United
States it was stipulated that their treasure should be
deposited in the Bank and its branches until there
should besóme reason to suppose that it was not
safe. This was a fact familiar to all. Congress
reserved to itself the power (if it should think pro-
per to exercise it) of imp.sngan additional lur-
den upon the Bink—that was, of exejutins; the
duty of commissioner of loans in any or a'l the
Sta es, transferring public moneys, &c. without
commission. By the charter, ihe Bank was not
bound to execute that duty, nevertheless, it did ex-
ecn e it, and without charge. Now what did the
United States Bank get? Not a dollar, drectly or
indirectly.
[Mr. S's voice was here lost for a sentence or
two.]
He would call the attention of he committee to
ano'her fact, which, in his judgment, would throw
fight upon thi-s question, and would give it a bear-
ing worthy the consideration of Congress.   Before
the removal of the deposites, accor ling to his re-
collection, some one hsd felt a desire to be ap-
pointed pension a?ent in a State where there was a
branch cf the United Slates Bank; and the Secre-
tary of War, supposing he had the power to order
military pensions to be paid by any agent he might
think pr< ptr, gave the United States Bank an or-
der (in New Hamp hire) to pass over the funds
and bonks into the hands of an agent there.   Upon
looking at the act of Congress, it appeared con-
clusively that the Secretary of War bad no such
anthori'y, and the thing was abandoned.     There
were individuals and institutions desirous to have
those pension agencies.   Why did they desire them
if there was no advantage to be derived?   An ex-
amination into the history of the mater would
show presently what the advantige was.     The
United States Bank declared itself unable to com-
ply with the order of the War Department above
alluded to, because it was contrary to law; and, as
he had sa d before, the thing was  relinquished.
Well, the United States Bank ceased to  be the
commissioner of loans, it ceased to be the payer of
pensions, and it ceased to be the depository of ihe
public moneys of the United States.    What was
u
the consequence? That, for all these purposes, the
Executive had the se ection of the agents whireas,
before that, they were selected by law, under the
authority of both Houses of Congress—the Repre-
sentatives of the people to u hom the care of the
public purse had been assigned.
What was the next consequence? That what
had before teen given by law was distributed by
favor. Did people ask for these pension agenci;s
without a prospect of emolument? No: and from
tie period when the management of the public
tieasurc ceased to be thus controlled, up to ihis
day, there had b<en no system proposed that bore
ti e least evidence of a d<*sne ever again to put the
Treasury of the United States, as it «a«, under
the care of theTJorgress of the United Stat  s. All
these powers wen? now in the bands of the Execu-
tive. This was a fatal change in the rmney af-
fairs of ihe nation, and, in his judgment, the peo-
ple of the United Staes would never do themselves
justice until they should restoie the Treasury of the
Un>ted States to th« cu-tody of their Representa-
tives in Congres*, where it once was.
Look at ihe consequences. No man would say
that ihere was no advantage derived from be.ng a
paj er of pensions. What was it? It was the
possession at all times of a sum of money belong-
ing to the United Stales; so that if a man were a
pension agent for a length of time, he would know
what sum he might depend up<-n alwajs having in
hi* hands. It had been avowed by a gentleman
on the (th^r side, that this was the compensation
f<>r the services; and thus the pe sion agents were
placed in the same relative c< ndition toihecommu-
n ty as banks. Whit was ihe advantage of a bank?
Its capital. It could lend out its money as an indi-
vidual could; and, generally speaking, it could do
no more. A bank aho had its deposites. These
varied from day to day; but, neveithelefs, it could
tell nearly on what it could calculate a¿ its perma-
nent deposites, and upon those deposites it would
trade. And if money was placed in this manner
in the hands of a pension agent, would he not have
sufficient initiact of trade not to ketp it unem-
ployed? Could any man fail to see that if such a
system were to prevail throughout Ihe money af-
fairs of the United States, the whole Treasury of
the United States would be placed in the same silu-
a'ion, and there would be transferred to these depo-
sitaries of the public money all ihe advantages
which the United States Bank is supposed to have
had, and that, tco, without the equivalent which
the Bank gave, either in bonta, or its facilities for
the distribution of funds? What, then, had been
gained by taking it from one set of men or institu-
tions, in order to give it to another?
Mr. S. proceeded to remark on the mode in which
these matters were in fact managed at the present
time, and to show that, under it, no man could tell
how much pension agents might receive. That
they received something, was agreed on all sides.
Did they get it according to the amount they distri-
buted? Ño; but according to the amount they had
in their hands. There was great objection to the
payment of compensation by unknown measures,
or to unknown amoun's.
Mr. S. alluded to the selection of Slate banks, or
persons immfdiately connected with State banks,
for Ihe p;iformance of these duties; by reason of
which, panicular banks had the advantage of the
public funds to any amount to which they might be
awarded to them. He spoke generally—not parti-
cularly as to the pension fund, thougti that was a
part. The consequence was, that inducements
were offered to trade open the money of the United
States. Were we not told, and had it not been
proved, thatv from the year 1833 and 1834, down
to this time, too much of this sort of stimulus had
been employed? That we had gone from a state
of scund and substantial health into a plethora,
from which we were now shrinking away in a
manner so rapid as to awaken the most serious ap-
prehensions for the result? Had not our affairs
changed so fearfully as to bring us (as was once
said in the British House of Commons) within a
few hours of Ihe slate of barter? How had this
happened? By the State bank system. By over-
trading with banks—by overtrading in the commu-
nity, by means of the facilities of the banks.   To
some this might appear a small affair. In human
affairs the greattst concerns of men, considered
alone, were small. It was the combination of all
these small causes that produced at last the great
result.
Tnere was a radical vice in the system which
never would be removed until Congress should
again take into its own han is the selection of the
depositaries of the public money, and ihe direct on
and control of the public money, without the inter-
vention of the Executive or any branch of the Ex-
ecutive. He felt it to be his duty on this and on
all occasions tj declare what appeared to him to be
a great fundimental truth—that, as regarded the
Treasury of the country, we were living without
law, and that thence evils of the most frightful
magnitude followed; and what evils were yet to
come from the same cause, it would requite more
than human wisdom to foretell. One s >lemn truth
was known to all—that, at ihis very moment, the
country was in deep distress, and was covered with
the gloom of deep apprehension. He declared
that there was one great cure—a remedy which had
never failed—and he appealed to the history of the
country in proof of his assertions—and that was
for the Government of the United States to take
inlo its own hands under custody of the law—not
of the Executive, but of both Houses of Congress
—as it formeily did—its Treasury, and thus have
the regulation of the public funds. ThiBgs went
well (concluded Mr. S.) when you had a system
of that sort—and when you parted from it, things
went ill, and have gone worse and worse from that
d<y to this; until at last, upon this mater of pen-
sions, no man can tell how much any pension
agent receives—whether $1,000 or $10,000—nor
in what %vay he receives it.
1 will vote for a remedy for this particular evil.
It falls far short of my idea of a remedy;'still, so
far as it goes, it is good.
Mr. UNDERWOOD had seen the operation of
this pension agency syslem, and had seen its con-
sequence.". In ihe Sate of Kentucky ihere Was
only one pension aeency, and that was located in
Lexington, «ome 200 or 300 miles from the lower
end of the Sate. He lived (the Reporter under-
stood Mr. U. to say) some miles further west, be-
yond Lexington.
Some years sine*, in pursuance of a statute
which they had, he applied to tie Secretary of
War for the establ shment of a pension agency in his
section of countrj; and stated to the Secretary that,
through the instrumentali'y of the tanks in Ken-
tucky, the money of the Government could be dis-
bursed to the pensioners in (hat State without cost-
ing one cent. No agency was established, even on
these favorable terms; and, from that day to ihis,
the pensioners in that section of country Were put
to a semi-annual expense of two or three dollars to
obtain ihe pittance dealt out to them by the Go-
vernment. Why was this? Let gentlemen look
at some sections of country, and they would see
that there were some States which had four, five,
and even s'x pension agencies, while others had
but one.
Look at the history of this pension fund;" Ee-
portsfrom committees had been made here, year
after year, calling upon the Secretary of War to
establish agencies; he having, by the law as it now
stands, power to establish an agency any where in
the United States when ihe public service required
it. Why wasalljthis? The reason was plain. By the
use of the large sums of money furnished to pen-
sion agents for some years, such a profit was at-
tendant on its custody as to make the agencies de-
sirable, and applications had bren made for them
until some States had six, whilst others had but
one. What was the source of the evil? There
was*  sytem (if system it could be called) by which
the appointments of these agents was left to the
discrcion of the Executive Department of Govern-
ment, with power to appoint as many as might be
deemed requisie. Mr. U. here entered into some
calcdlaiions as to the profits derivable from the use
of the public moneys thas left in the hands of tn
pension agtnts.                       .      _         .   ,   ,
The President of the United Sta'es had de-
nounced the use of the public money without autho-
rity as that which ought to be made a felony, «tf
