162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                  ______     Feb. 1840.
36th Cono""1>t Sks*._________________
punched as such by law.   Now, was  it either a
good or a safe policy to tolerate the use of the pub-
lic money for the purpose of giving piofi s to indi-
viduals?   Was it not the best plan that could be
adopted  to induce  men    to become  defaulters?
The  principle  was   one    which  ought  to   be
abandoned,  and  the  sooner   it  cculd be done
the better.    He was opposed, however, to  the
amendment of the   gent'eman  from  Louisiana,
[Mr. R. Garland ]    These pensions were paid
the 4th March and  the  4th  Sep ember.   What
would be the consequence if the amendment pre-
vailed, which provided that no moneys should be
placed in the hands of the agents unti' within a   j
month of the time of disbursement?   The direct    |
and immediate consequence would be, that they   I
could no longer use the money so as  to make a
profit, ar.d that they wou'.d not accept an office, re-
quiting tirr.e and labor, but yielding no emolu-
ments.   They wou'd resign, and the pensioners
might be thus left unpaid.   We must, therefore,
either  allow the principle which   all gentlemen
seemed to discountenance, of permitting the agents
to use the moneys For the purposes of profit, cr
we  must    provide   by   law  some  per centage
on the amount dwbur^ed by way of compensation
fir the labor.   One of the two modes must be
adopted.   It might be said that there were three
plans: the first was, to let the agents work for no-
thing; that would never do.   The second wf s, to
allow them to compensate themselves for the use
of the public money.    Tne evils of that plan
were numerous and manifest; so much so as to ren-
der it unnecessary for him to dwell upen them.
The third plan was the cne he was about to pro-
pose; that wa?, t0 allow a per  centage on the
amount of the disbursements.
Mr. U. was anxious also to avail himself of a
frinciple which had been recommended by the
resident of the United States, and wished to test
the sense ef the committee upon it. He dtsired to
know how far the prohibitory principle in relation
to the use of the pub'.ic money by Government
agents would meet with the sanction of the Repie-
sentatives of the people.
Mr. U. then moved the following as an amend-
ment to the amendment:
Each pension agent shall be allowed as compen-
sation for his services------percent, on the amount
of money disbursed by him: Providtd, That no
pension agent shall receive as compensaron more
than 1,500 dollars per annum.
Be it further enacted, That it shall be unlawful
for any pension agent to use or apply to his own
purposes, or to lend to any person or peisons, or
to suffer any peison or persons to use,
any part of the public monejs placed in his
hands or subject to his control; and, if any pension
agent shall violate the foregoing provisions of this
section, he shall, upon conviction thereof before
any court of competent jurisdiction, undergo and '
suffer imprisonment for a period of time not less
than one nor more than five years, at the discretion
of the jury convicting the offender.
The blank in the first part of his amendment,
Mr. U. said, might be filled up in the House.
This, he thought, was the best plan that could
be hit upon for the moment to supply the loss of
that great system which had been so justly charac-
terized by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Sergeant,] which was the only safe sjsen, and
that to which we must return before the financial
affairs of this countiy could be brought bacifto
the r former sound and healthy condition.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON rose and said that
there was one great error pervading the country, in
the estimation formed of those who were at this
time administering the affairs of the nation.     It
had been thought that they wanted boldness.  Never
had there been a greater mistake.     It required
boldness of the highest character, considering the
principies upon which this Administration put it-
self before the country, to come heie in the face of
the world, and endeavor still furher to impose on
Ite credulity of the country, by offering a proposi-
tion directly at war with all the principles they
had professed upon the leading measure of the Ad-
ministration.
What was the proposition now made?  He ap-
Pension Bill—Mr. W. Thompson.
pealed to some gentlemen—to some of his col-
leagues, whom he saw in their seats, 8nd who, he
knew, were sincere in their opinions as to the Sub-
Treasury, and he would ask them whether they
cou'd reconcile their opinions on that subject wuh
the vote which they were now called upon to give?
For popular effect, and he believed mainly, if not
exclusively, for popular effrct, without raising an
eye to the great interests of ih; country, an hab.-
tual war has been carried on aga'nst the banking
institutions of the country. And what was the
condition of things in re'ation to the pension fund
at this time? Banks were not appoin'el agen's.
Ntne but individuals were appointed. But who
are thoie individuals? For the most part tfficr*,
presidents or cashiers of banks, and receiving and
discharging the trust, no one doubts, not for their
own, but for the benefit of the banks.
Why appoint them? Was it tint the benefit
might enure to them, instead of the institutions
with which they were connected? Did any body
believe it? Here was one of those tricks which
had so much characterized the practice of this Ad-
ministrat on, and by which they accomplished their
favorite objects without rejponsibl'ity. In the fir>t
place, the public money was deposited in the banks
—andI what mor*? Why, the next branch of the
subject was that over which an equ«l clamor had
been raised—What r ght hvl the banks or indi-
viduals to the usa of the pubic m<ney? All said
that there was no such right, unless the G ívern-
ment could ih-reby save money < r make a belter
contract for keeping and disbursing its funds. And
yet, ia the face of this, the public money had been
and was deposited with individuals, it is true, in-
stead of banks—the proSts, however, enuring to
the banks, yet without giving to the public that
security which the banks would iurnish. If the
money was deposited in banks, the whole stock of
the banks was hypothecated as security. But how
was it on the other hand? Could as sufficient secu-
rity be procured irom an individual who was
needy enough to accept this agency? Or, in any
event, could a security be procured equal to the
hypothecation of the who'e stock of the banks?
Yet, still the cry was, the public money is n< t to
be used. Oh! no—who had the right to use it?
No one—neither a bank nor an individual; and yet
it was openly avowed here, and by one of the
party of the Administration, that that was the best
mode of compensation fur these disbursements.
Give to these agents the use of the public money,
although it cannot be done by law, that was the
doctrine; and yet we were told by gentlemen speak-
ing in behalf of the Administration, Give this mo-
ney to the agents that they may use it, instead of
giving them a fixed salary.
Now, if the policy here laid down was a just
policy in relation to the pension fund, why was it
not just, when appl.od to all others? Why should
a douceur be given to private agents for the dis-
bursement of this fund, by permission to have the
money for their own profit, and not be given in
every other case? If this was the best mode of
compensation as applied to the pension fund, was
it not s) when applied to the keeping and disburskg
of oil the public money?
What was the great objection to the nse of the
public money? It was, that it was thereby placed
in jeopardy; but if it was as safe when u*ed, and
as promply foitbccming when wanted, and withal
kept and disbursed without expense, whut objec-
tion could there be? And what was there about
this particular fund, that it should be deposited it
the hands of individuals, and loaned out by them?
Why should this fund be put in jeopardy, in danger
of being lost, whilst all other of the public moneys
is to be more scrupu'ously guarded? If there was
ODe fund that, more than another, "had need the
guard of dragon watch with unenchanted eye," it
was this very fund, applied as it was to the want;,
and, in many instances, to the necessities, of those
who gave us all our institutions; and yet we are told
that the cheapest, best plan, was to give it to pri-
vate agents, that they might loan it out. Was there
ever so monstrous a proposition asserted as this,
considering by whom it is asserted? The President
of the United States had recommended that it should
be made felony for any Sub-treasurer or keeper of
_________________________H. of Reps.
the public money to ttnuh one dollar; and yet, so far
fr«m making it felony in ¡his case, ihe agent was told
that he must use the money, and that ih s was all
the compensation which he would r*ccive. Was
there ever such palpable, impudent inconsistency?
It was felony to touch any other m neys appro-
piiated to pay the public creditor, because the
money was thereby put in jeepardy. But not only
was it not felony in regard to this the most sacred
of all the funds of the Government, but the sgents
were absolutely instructed to make use of the mo-
ney. And the House had been told by a highly
respectable genllemn of the Administration party,
[Mr. Hollt.man,] that this was the only compen-
sation which the agents were to receive. With
what grace could the Presidmt of the Unied Slates
turn out of office a pension agent for doing that
wh ch he was instructed to do?
But what further? It was seen that this money
was deposited in the hands of agents months in ad-
vance of the necessity for its payment; and now,
at a time when the Government was literally living
frcm hand to mouth, when it had not money to
meet its ordinary expenses, these moneys were
to be paid out months in advance of the lime at
which they were wanted. In other words, money
wanted for severe present emergencies could not
be got, yet money was to be raiced and appro-
priated in advance for the payment of debts not
yet due. And, in the mean time, what was done
with the mone)? It was not even to be locked up
in the nugatory and foolish manner proposed as to
other moneys,  to meet a debt due in future__to
provide for the expenditures of the Government—
but, what makes it worse than foolish and nuga-
tory, it was thus to be raised, and interest paid
upon it, that it may be given to agents to be used
as they nv'ght think proper, and for their own
benefit. At a time when the Government could
not pay its own debts, it demanded money in ad-
vance to be let out for private purposes and indivi-
dual profit, or, what was worse, the profit of banks.
Nor was this all. How was the money to be
got? If any one thing was more di-ingenuous than
another in the message of the President of the
United Slates, it was the coveit calls of the Admi-
nistration for money. What had the Pre ident
said in a recent message? He (Mr. T.) took some
pleasure in the recollection that he had had the
good fortune first to make an issue with the Presi-
dent of the United States as to the resources of the
Government. It had been denied in the official
organ that he, (Mr. T,) when he had made a direct
issue with the President upon this point, had only
said what every one knew, that there would be a
deficiency in the Treisury. This statement had
been made directly in the face of that part of the
message which said that the resources of the Go-
vernment for the neit year would meet the current
expenses of the Government without a resort to
loans or taxes. Every body else knew better. No
man who valued his reputation would deny it.
But Mr. T. was willing to attribnte the error to
unintentional inaccuracy, but the Globe tells us
that it is otherwise. He (Mr. T.) had said on a
former occasion, that he knew they would be
coming here before long, cap in hand, asking for
money; and they would come sooner than was ex-
pected. And on what pretext have they come?
Why, of unexpected judicial dec:si«ns against the
Government. Were not those decisions known?
Or in any event, nv'ght they have not been antici-
pat d? And now they were told that it would be
necessary to rai e more money. Ho*? Not by
an increase of taxes, says the President—not by an
increase of the tariff, which is the only means now
by which money can be raised. No; that would
not do. The tariff regions are to te humbugged
by a show of increase, while the Southern section
is to be amused by opposition to it. The same
game was to be played as was now g ing on in re-
gard to the Cumberland road. The President^
friends in the West say that he is m favor of the
road. The South is told that he is opposed to all
such works, on constitutional grounds. The tariff
was not to be raised—still money must be bad—
some other means must be resorted to, says the Presi-
dent. What other means were there, but to bor-
row money upon interest, which they would not do,
