Feb. 1840,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
26th Cong......1st Sess.
Pension Bill—Mr. Sergeant,
H. of Reps,
or to r?sort to the expedient of ih? peor spendthrift,
who gives his n<ve when he ha? 'pent his money;
and whilst, with the recklf s.-ness and immorality of
all sp*ndthrifts, they have no expectation of being
able to meet their not>s, and noprovisim made,
but most give other notes to pay those wh rh were
outstandin?, for the turn total of the financal abi-
lities of our Anvr can Necka is to give hrs mt?.
The matter, then, stood ihus. The President
wanted money, whirh was only to be got by bor-
rowing, or by issuing Treasury nct; s, in either of
wb'ch alternatives'interest miut be paid. Ff we
had the money, it would be wrong thus to appro-
priate it before the occasion occurs for which it is
required, with a view to its being loaned oat by
individuals for individual profit. But it is infi-
nitely worse.
What is the proposition? Why was the House
asked to act on this bill wih such indecent haste?
Were they not selling aside the ordinary business
of the country, in order that they might make pro-
vis'on for the payment of a debt that was not doe,
by paying interest on the very money raise \ for
the purpose? What woald be thought in private
life of an individual who thus conducted his af-
fairs?
There were thirty or fort? agents for the dis-
bursement of the pension fund. The amount pro-
posed to be raised is three millions. The averase
time which will be required is six menihs, giv-
ing to ihese agents nealy ninety thousand
amorg-t ih?m. Why, sir, it would be just the
same thing to give them this 90,000 wihout
the cmplex process of borrowing it to give to
to them that they may loan it out again. If he
(Mr. T.) was not greatly in error on all th se
points, and, if he was, let it be shown, this struck
him as one of the boldest propositions he had yet
bad occasion to notice.
Mr. STANLY said the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Beatty] had undei taken to correct him
in a matter of fact. The gentleman had said that
every member of the Democratic party had voted
in favor of the resumption of spesie payments on
the fifteenth of the month. Mr. S. wisled to in-
quire whether the Democratic Governor of Penn-
sylvania did nr.t oppose the measure of resumption
on the fifteenth, and if he did not get a majority of
what he called Democrats, in both br-inchei of the
Legislature, to sustain the position he had taken ?
If so, Mr S. was light in the assertion he had
made in the first iistmce.
Mr. BEATTY, in reply to th's interrogatory, re-
¡tera'ed the denial of the correctness of the asser-
tions of Mr. Stanly; and furiher denied that the
Govtraor of Pennsylvania opposed the n sumption
of specie paymea's. The only difference between
the Governor and the members of the Legi lature,
was a matter of opinion as to the time proper to
exeicise the power to compel the banks to resume;
and he cmld assure the gentleman from North
Carolina, and his associates, who were chuckling
so much about the movements of the Governor of
Pennsylvania, and a supposed breach in the ranks
of the great Democratic party of that State, that
their joy on this occasion, like their rejo'cings on
all former occasions, over victories in embryo, wil
be of short lived duration. They will find, to their
sad mo,tífication and discomfiture, that the Go-
vernor has not gone over to the enemy or to the
banks. Mr. B. said he should always feel it his
duty to repel any reflections of the kind against th?
authorities of the State he in part represented, and
to the be t of his ability, vindicate them; and he de-
precated the practice some gent'emen had of
introducing into debates there, matters entirely irre-
levant to subject before the House, and exclusively
of a local character.
Mr. B. said he did vote for the Cumberland road
b H at Ate time referred to, but he would not permit
 ny gentleman there to question his rght to vote as
he thought proper. He was under no party tram-
mels that would compel him to vole for or against
a measure that he did not think was in itself proper
at th? time. He was not placed in the situanon
of many other gentleman on that floor. He had
never yet been driven to the ntccs>ity of defining
h s position there; because it was well known bo:h
there and at home.   He hoped h« Ijad giren the
honorable gentleman fr m North Carolina all the
informa'ion that was necessary !o keep him stra'gh:
or within ths boundi of propritty, when he a'-
tempts to call into question his votes, or to censure
the course of the Governor or Legislature of Penn-
sylvania. " Afer which,
Mr. SERGEANT r, se asd said he r.grctted
that the affaiis of the State of Pennsylvania had
bern referred to at all in this House. No man
who had looked at the present posture of the af-
fairs of that S at  could fail to see that she was in
the mid.--t of a very great crisis, a crisis which
misht issue in much good or in much evil, but one
about which there could be no hesitation in admit-
tin? that ihe uni ed wisdom and patriotism of her
who'e people ought tobe rallied to one deliberate
and calm effort to carry her through it. And (con-
tinued Mr. is.) I believe that they will be so. I
think I s e ihe evidence of it in the movements
which have already taken place, and in those that
are now going on. I believe that extreme posi-
tions will not be taken, or, if taken, that they will
be abandoned for the sake of the public good, when
those who take them, like the members of the Le-
gislature of Pennsylvania, shall be convinced they
have been in error.
As to the Governor, I have nothing to say.   I
do not know that he has ever taken any position
adverse to that which he now occupies.     In rela-
tion to him, therefore, I have no'hing to say.    But
in relation t j the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives of that Siate, (for I have seen nothing
yet of the proceedings of the Senate,) in relation to
thrm, I say that the course they have jus', adopted
is   in   the   highest   decree   honorable   to   their;
that   it   is,   in   my   judgment,   the   best   au-
gury   for   a   wise   administration   of   the   af-
fairs of that   Sia'e   that   they   have  come   for-
ward as thsy have done;   that   the   light   which
has been  thrown upon ihe  subject having con-
vinced trum that  tbej weie  in some íespects in
error, they are now proceeding wisely   t> correct
tnose errors, without abandoning any thing wheh
they conceive to  be f ssential.    It is unfortunate
that this discussion should have been introduced
her?.    Pennsylvania h?s a Legislatute and an Ex-
ecutive of her own; and I, as a citizen  of  that
State, do not fcl  my.-elf at liberty 11 enter  here
upon a discission of those topics which are to  be
discrs-rt there, and in regard to wh ch, as I said
bvfore, I am happy to see the prospect of a just
and wis; disposition.    My «'esire, as a member of
the Congress of the Unite 1 State-, would be to let
them alone—to leave their  affairs to their own
management—io 1 t the Leg:s'ature decide, within
the scope of ther duty, what is due from them to
the people of the Commonwealth, and to all the
inter s s   of the   people of the Commonwealth,
in whatever shape they may present themselves.
I do not know that, in the Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania, at ih's time, and on the question now before
it, there is such a thing as a party line.    If 1 un-
derstand   correctly the debates and   proceedings
there, as I have read them, ihe discussion there
has been conducted on the grounds of broad jus-
tice and liberal patriotism—not on  the  narrow
g ound of making or unmaking a President, or of
making or unmaking a Governor; but it has been
dueled to the quest on of what woald or would
not contribute to the permanent prosperity and
happiness of the Commonwealth; and  I tru.'t in
G' d that the Legislature will go on, n>t mixing up
wish her deliberatiocs any extraneous matters until
they have arrived at the result that w,li best contri-
bute to those end*.   That they will arrive at such
a r< suit, I entertain the most certain hope.
Mr. LEET of Pennsylvania rose and said; I
take occasion to say, Mr. Speaker, without having
three minute*' warning that I should be called upon
to take any part in this, to me, unexpected debate,
ihat I sincerely believe that the sentiment which
my honorable col'eague [Mr. Sergeant] has ex
press°d, is nothing more than what is due to the
Legislature of ihe State of Pennsylvania. If you
recur a moment to the causes which have produced
the pr sent .state of things in that State, you may
readily satisfy yourselves that the fumre prospects
of General Harrison or of our present Chief Ma-
gistrate, Mr. Van Bureo, hare bad nothing at all I
to do wiih the cond'iion in which the LeglSfcture is
now plncrr!. In the eariy part of the tes->ion cf
the Legi:-1 ture, 1 ihink on the 23d of January last,
a law was passed authoriz ng ihe Governor to ne-
gotiate a permanent loan ot $870,000, and a'so a
temporary loan ufan equal amount, in anticipa-
tion of the permanent loan, for the purpose of meet-
ing Ihe interest that would full due on the 1st of
Februarv-
The Executive of that State made an effort to
p ocure a loan to pay this interest on her debt;
but, owing to the existing condition of our mone-
tary affairs, as to the causes of which gentlemen
may conscientiously differ, the money was not to
be procured. Such, sir, is the simple tact: it could
not be obtained. The question then arose, what
was the Governor to do? And what did he do? It
is irue that, in the House of Assembly, in accord-
ance with what was believed to be public senti-
ment and feeling, a bill was passed by one of the
most decided majorities that has ever been known
in that body on a question of currency—the vote
standing t9 to 24—fixing the 15th of February
(the present month) as the day on which all the
banks Weie to resume specie paymen s, under a
penalty of summary forfeiture of their charters in
case of non-compüance. That bill was sent to the
Senate. The first of February came, and there
was no money to pay the interest of the debt.
What, then, was the great question which natu-
rally suggested itself to the Governoi? It was,
that the honor and faith of the State must be pre-
served at all hazards, so far as that object could be
attained without a compromise of honesty or prin-
ciple. I cannot say that the Governor was wrong.
The Governor then communicated the fact to the
Legislature, ihat on that day the in erest rn the
debt would fall due, and that he was unable to ne-
gotiate a loan or to procure the money, and that he
could not therefore redeem the faith or comply with
the pledges of the State; and recommended the im-
mediate adoption of a joint resolution, authorizing
the issue of State stock to meet the inierest owing
by the Stale, a*an earnest that the State faith would
be preserved untainted. Now, sir, I am free to
siy that the course which suggested itself t) me
was, that the Executiveshoqld have communicated
the facts and correspondence with the several bank-
ing institutions on the subject, and that he should
then have lef it to the Legislature (many of the
members of which I hapren to be acquainted with,
and esteem a< ra'riotic nvn) to determine what
course should have been pursued under the circum-
stances, and what the exigencies of the State de-
mand d. But beirg, as I well know him to be,
anxious to serve the Sta'e in the best manner he
cou'.d, the Governor suggested his belief that, if the
fifteenth day of ihs present month wete fixed upon,
or any other immediate day, for the resumption of
specie payments, it would be out of the power of
man to prevent disastrous consequences. And here
I must remark, in regard to this suggestion, that
although, in the fir&t instance, I was struck with
the idea that the Governor had erred, yet he has,
I think, upon reflection, compromised no principle
—because it was a mere question of time. Proba-
bly, the more judicious course would bare been,
that the Legislature (and I say so with great defe-
rence to that body) should have raised a commit'
tee to inquire into ihe condition of all the banks.
[The Speaker here interposed, and said that the
gentleman was going too much into detail. But,
in obedience to luuJ cries from many paits of the
Hall of " Go on—go on—proceed," &c]
Mr. Leet proceeded as follows: I say, that if the
Legislature of Pennsylvania—who, as some gen-
tlemen assert, have receded, and receded at the
instance of the Executive, (which I do not admit,
because, as I said before, the question was merely
one of time)—if the Legislature had appci te I a
committee to inquire into the condition of the
banks, to have ascertained the nature snd extent
as any in this Union.   It is «bf BM* n
was born, and where «"«V^  recrees she
