164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
26th Cono.......1st Sesb.
Pension Bill—Mr. Jones.
H. of Reps.
is interior to none; and 1 trust that she will ntver "
mix up with the par¡y politics of ihs day a mo-
mentous qnes'ion involving her ciedit and honor.
I say that the Legislature of Pennsylvania is not
justly open to censure from any quarter, because
they have done that -which a sense of duty as re-
presentatives of the people, bound by their oaths of
office, constrained ihem to do. If 1 had the honor
of a seat in that body, and upon a certain day the
pledges of the Siate were to be redeemed, what
would be my t-onrse? Should I look remotely to
the election ot a President? Should I loek re-
motely to the election of a Governor? Or should I
look to the great inteiests of the Sta'e which 1 re-
present; that is, >iuuid I comply with the engage-
ments of ihe Staic? Certainly, and thai I conceive
to be ihe noble principle which has actuated them—
that is wha they mean to do.
Mr. speaker, I have spoken according to the
best information I possess in relation to ihe pre;ent
condition of the affa rs of Pennsylvania. 1 hope
thooe affairs w.ll not unnecessary hereafter be
dragged into discussion in this Hou-e. The Re-
presentatives trota inn State, of all political parties
aie ready, I hope and believe, to vindicate her
ei edit and honor. Let us not bring her concerns
into discussion here, when ihere is no sort ot reas -n
for it. She can manage her own affairs. She has
maCeva^t and magnificent improvements, and she
is saddled with a heavy dtbi, bnt she is abo p. s-
sessed of great, aye, of ineih.tnstible resources
wfaerewiib ro meet it. The people of ihat great
Coiununwealih aie too honest and too enlightened
ever to give countenance to a violation of public
faith.
1 feel deeply obliged to the House for its kind
indulgence extended towards me in making these
few hasty remarks, pernap- somewhat out t f ord> r,
ana should not have obtruded myself upon its at-
tention had not the debate taken the peculiar turn,
it did.
Mr. BEATTY then rising to address the Chair-
Mr. MONROE moved, with all due deference,
he said, to the State of Pennsylvania, that the far-
ther consideration of the affairs of that State, now
under discussion, be postponed unt 1 Monday next,
and be made the special order for that day.
Mr. BEATTY express d his regret that the af-
fairs of Pennsylvania had been in'roduced, and his
determination to vind cate the honor of his State
on alt occasions, eo far as his ieeb c abilities would
permit him to do.
Mr. JONES of Virginia thought that the propo-
sitions of the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Gar-
land ] and ihe gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Underwood,] could have no other effect ihan to
embarrass the bill now under consideration, espe-
cially when it was recollected that a bill must
shortly came np unbracing a general system, and
imposing restrictions of the severest character on
all public officers into whose hands the public mo-
neys should go. That bill would be open to discus-
sion. The present was merely a bill appropriating
money, tinder existing laws, to individuals entitled
to receive their respective amounts.
Mr. BELL wished to inquire of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means whether the
Treasury Department had any information which
was in his [Mr. Jones's] possession, as to the pre-
sent ability of these pension agents to pay the funds
hitherto deposited with them, or whether applica-
tions had been made from any quaiter for indul-
gence or time?
Mr. JONES said that he was not aware that the
Secretary of the Treasury had any such informa-
tion in his possession.
Mr. BELL. Then I understand that these
agents have perfect ability to pay out a'l the funds
now in iheir hand. .
Mr. JONES. If any person is not able to pay
out the funds placed in his hands, it is a fact which
is not within my knowledge.
• Mr. CURTIS hoped the chairman of the Com-
mhtee of Ways and Means would consent to lay
this bill aside without taking Ihe question, in order
that the House might be placed in possession of in-
formation which, judging from the course of his
remarks, the chairman was not now able to give.
Mr. C, desired the gentleman to be able to state
distinctly whether there were funds enough in the
hands ot the pension agents to meet the demands.
Mr. JONES said it seemed to him that the in-
formation sought by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Curtis] was already in the possession
of every gentleman. There was a statement be-
f ire the commit ee showing ihe amount of moneys
appropriated for the several objects of Ihe bill at
ihe last session of Congress. There was also a
Statement showing the unexpended amounts under
each head, and it clearly appeare I that, tor three
ciaseis of pensioner.-, provided for in the third ^ec-
tion, thtre was not enough by one or two hundred
thousand dolían. Th's infi rmatton wa> dtnved
lrom ihe Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. CURTIS. Tnen 1 e gives me the informa-
tion which is confined in this Wl-—which is------
[Mr. Jones. Nu: there is the information con-
tained in ihe estimates accompanying the bill.]
Mr. Curtis. And no other Tnis book (hold-
ing up the estimates) showed that there was no pre-
sent neces->iiy for an appropriate i of moro ihan
two or three hundred thousand dollars; and the
bill proposed to appropriate about three million?.
Mr. C. well remembereil the course of this bill
last year, and he well remembered the temarks
made by one of his colleagues. When ihp b 11
came in two }ears ago, the ihen chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Moans, [Mr. Cambre-
leno,] at a late hour, prr posed that it shi u'd be
taken up out of its order, as it had been on the pre-
sent occasion—and that it should re forthwith
passed; because, as he said, there was no money
t> pay ihe poer soldiers. The Revolutionary «ol-
die rs and officers, he said, were dai y demanding
payment, and t'-.ere was nothing to give >hem.
His (Mr. C's) attention had at that time beeu
drawn to the subject, and he had felt bound to call
the notice of that gentleman to the state f the do-
cuments lrom the War Department, which ha i the
control of ihis fund, and he (Mr. C ) had bet n able
to allege, as the resnlt of h s examination, that
there was, at that time, the sum of two millions of
dollars in the hards of pension agents. This state-
ment was roundly denied by the gentleman [Mr.
Cambreleno] in the way so peculiar to himself.
It was denied also by a very respectable gentleman
from Baltimore, who, en the very next day, came
here and stated that he had made a personal ex-
amination into the facts at the War Department
and at the Tension Office. He Ihen admitted that
there was proof that nearly two millions of dol-
lars were in the hands of pension agents, and he
then proceeded to say that it was ihe practice of the
War Department to put the agents in possession
of funds from four to six mentis in advance of the
time of disbursement; and he jusified it, as gentle-
men have justified it to-day, on the ground that it
was pr.iper, by way of compensation for the ser-
vices rendered. Tne then chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means produced and had read
several letUrs from pension agents; and he
(Mr. C.) remembered that several of them were
letters calling upon the Secretary of War for re-
mittances of funds to their bands; and several of
them went so far as to say that they would not
hold the office unless more money was placed in
their hands by way of compensation. One of these
agents, residing in the State of Vermont, said that
he understood there was a bill pending before Con-
gress ¿providing for the compensation of pension
agents, and that, if no more salary was given than
that which was contemplated, (which was fifteen
hundred or two thousand dollars a year,) it was not
worth while to keep the office. That particular
agent failed the next week. The Government in-
stituted suit against him, and, Mr. C. was happy
to say, either had or would receive the the money.
The Government had not been so fortunate in re-
lation to a pensil n agent at Boston. Persons bad
sought the offices of pension agents on the ground
that they could do the business as well as the United
States Bank, and that the y were willing to do it Jon
the same terms. This was the commencement of
these agencies in the United Slates. It had been
urged here that they would do ii on the same terms
as the United States Bank—that they wanted no-
thing. He (Mr. C ) would hold them to their bar-
gain until some provision shoald  be made bylaw
in regard to these agencies. It the Government
was under the necessity of issuing noes on inte-
rest, he was for saving that interest as much as
possible.
Mr. C combattcd the idea which had bren held
out that there wa* no loss to th  Government, and
that the money might as well be placed in the
hands of the agents. In doing thi«, he expressed
his opinion that there was not at tnis time more
than half a million of unappropriated money in the
Treasury. He had seen the s gns of what was to
come m a paper read iccently fiom the Clerk's
desk. There was a gr ni talk now about frauds
on ihe revenue; a number of suits also had been
beta decided againti the Government, and he wish-
ed the Treaty Department to shew what the re-
cent demands made upon it m relation to these
suits were. He did not think hat the statement
would furnish any justificati- n (s> far at least as
New York was concerntd) lor i>s ling Tieasury
notes. Whist the Government had to borrow
money, he wa- for retaining it in the Tiea^ury
until it was wanted. It the chairman oi the Com-
n.iuee of Ways and Means would br.n^ in a bill
appropriating so much as was proper and necessary
to meet the actual demands on agei>t> f< r the next
six months, he would vole for it; but he wou d in t
vote for a bill the effect of which was io place two
millions of dollars in the hands oi agents for their
own use.
Two years ago, in tne course of a d scussinn on
a similar subject, it wa? admitted that half of the
whole amount appropriated for pensions was con-
stantly on hand with tie pension agents? What
was the whole amount? Ab ut four millions of
dollars. How much then did ihe agents u-e? Two
m llions. What was the lawtul interest on this
amount. One hunlred and twenty thousand dol-
lars. And this amount was distributed among the
agents, who numbered some thirty or forty.
Mr. WHITE of Ky. desired to put a q .esiion to
the chairman ot the Committee of Ways aid
Means. If he had unlerst< oil the matter conei t y,
an appropriation of two or ihree hundred <hou->and
dollars would meet all the present demands upon
the various pension funds. The present bid, as
Mr. W. under toort, appropriated one milh n of
dollars. This wou d leave an exce.s of between
seven and eight hundred thousand dollars afier the
entire demands for the 4ih of March should te dis-
charged; wh ch sum of seven or eight nundred
thouvand dollars would remain in the hands of the
pension agents for six month;-; that was to say, un-
til the 4th of September next. Was this the state
of the case?
Again: He would inquiie whether this last
named sum would be adequate to the demands for
the 4ih of September? It would not, be believed.
Here, then, would be double legislation. The de-
mand for the 4th of September would be, he be-
1 eved, fifteen hundred thousand dollars; to meet
which there would be this sum of seven or eight
hundred thousand dollars. Why thi-, sort of dou-
ble leg slation? He was Ihe last man to refuse all
requisite appropriations to meet all the various de-
mands; but he would boi appropriate money when
there was no necessity.
Mr. JONES said he had a document before him,
by referring to which the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. White] could, in a few moments,
ascertain the exact amount of money appropriated
at the last session of Congress to meet the claims
for pensions intended to be provided for by this bill.
Mr. J. could not, on the instant, say what the pre-
cise amount was, but a few moments' examination
would inform him fully on that point.
The gentleman needed not to be under any ap-
prehension as to the large amounts of money which
be supposed were to be transmitted to those various
pension agencies, because the mere passage of an
appropriation bill furnished no funds to the Depart-
ment with which to meet demands. They were to
be looked to from other quarters.
Mr. J. knew it had once been urged here Ibat
the mere fact of passing an appropriation bill
pat so much money in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, while the real fact was, that the pas-
sage of the bill cieated a demand upon the Trea-
sury, whilst it brought nothing into it.   We were,
