Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
26th Cong....1st SesS.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Pickens.
H. of Reps.
here as an example to us? First g  and make your
Government as splendid and despotic as ihat of
imperial Rome became in the progress of lime.
What was it that broke down republican Rome?
It was this very system of pardal, unjust, and cor-
rupting legislation; a system in which conquering
generals brought back spoils from sacked cities
and devastated provinces, to be divided among
"Ronum eUixtns," and to pamper an arrogant and
agrarian people.
That was the cause of the downfall of Rome—it
struck a deep blow at her  purity   and  freed; m.
And when the gentleman asks us to follow exam-
ples ef that kind, lei h,m first go the banks of the
Ohio and ihe Mississ ppt and establish granaries ior
the collection of public corn, that it may be given
to ihe people.   Ltt him Spread out his banner and
call opon his followers to come in and divide the
plunder.   Make this Government what Rome was,
agrarian in all its principles, and bring the country
down to the same of ruin, corruption, and pr< sta-
tion,   .vhich characterzed the   Roman   republic.
You may make this App an way—you may make
th s great Government ioad, but it will be a ro^d
that will pass through  the very vi als of the Con-
stitution.   I say, you may make such a road; you
may make another in the South, and another in
the North, and you may call them by what names
you choose; but rest assured, that the prnciple
upon which you act strikes at that equal justice
which should ever be the basis of a rtpubic.   It
not only strikes at that, tut at the Union of th«se
States.   There can be no permanent union except
by generating those kin! and cordial f-elings be-
tween the  various sections of  this confederacy,
wh'ch can aim e result fiom a Government dis-
pensing filial benefits and equal burdens.    Y u can-
not   pieserve   twenty six  independent   S;atcs   in
union, unless by  mean* of a Government which
dots actually  dispense  equal burdens and equal
favors.    AnJ when it is supposed that we oppose
such appropriations from mere sectional prejudices,
injustice is done to ihe people of that persecuted
region  which stretches from the Pitapseo to the
Mississippi, and which has been denounced   as
particularly sectional in its views of public policy.
I «ay it is unjust to that people.   In taking the
ground which they have taken  in opposition to
such measures, they have p'anted themselves on the
great principle of the Cons-tituton, and sound na-
tional policy. They ask that your Government shall
be equal.   They do not come aní ask at your
hands favor or bounty; they ask for a Govern-
ment that may be jwt and fo  bearing in peace, so
that it may be strung in war, because strong in the
affections of a devoted and loyal people.   These
views are no Southern views alcne, but views af-
fecting deeply the permanent liberties of a Republi-
can people everywhere, in theNoith and the South,
in the Ea« and the West.   We do not ask for par-
ticular favors or appropriations to us.   Yet we are
denounced as sectional, because Southern in'erests
are spoken of.   Bat let u< reflect what these South-
ern interests are.    All that we ask is a strict con-
struction of the Constitution as it regards a 1 por-
tions of the Union, and that the local interés s of
all may remain untouched by Federal legislation.
We desire that nothing shall embarrass the fiee in-
ternal intercourse of the State*, and lhat no sec-
tional interests may be touch'd so as to disturb
th"ir harmony.  We ask that ihe Government shall
be extenal in its operations, conducting our inter-
course with foreign nations so as to cernman 1 their
respect and regard.   These, sir, may be Southern
view?, but they are views which I hope are not
confined to us alone, for they justly belong to a
free Republican p?ople in every portion ef this
Union, who are iucrested in preserving our Go-
veria^nt what it was designed to be—-a Govern-
ment of limite! powers, all to be exerc'sed for the
benefit of equal and independent States.
This may beany thing but a na ional view; but
1 tell the gentleman Worn Indiana, that the speech
Which h<> has made on this occasion, will hen-after
r)e held np to him as containing d cirines by which
It is p.oposed to set np precedents as law; and, in
liis own language, the mere "beaten track of legis-
lation," as the Constira,tioa'of the land. I warn
(he gentleman that It wiU be so; fcnd that it is r«-
served for him, if he expects to remain a Republi-
can, to real ze the profound wisdom of lhat wise
man, who exclaimed "Oh, that m ne enemy would
write a book!" To say the lea=t of it, sir, the gen-
tleman ran never again lay claim to the title of a
strict construe'ion'ist.
Mr. Speaker, I was rejoiced to hear the remarks
which f II the other day from the gentleman from
Manp, [Mr. Parris,] and if proof were wanting
that thi¡> is not a proposition which the South a'one
opposes, and that our opposiiion does not rest upon
exclusive sectional feelings, we may find it in the
argument whith thnt gentleman marie. He comes
lrom the extreme North; and I listened to him as
if itwere to ihe voice of one from the tomb of the
Constitution, pr< claiming its life and regeneration,
in regions where it has b?en permitted too long to
slumber uncheri>hed and unnoticed. I return the
aentleman my most crrdial thanks. He has placed
thW qie^ion where it ougvH to be placid, on the
great principles of the Cutatimtion, and h* his
shown that the North as well as the S(uh wen-
deeply interested in rnain'aimng a limited as well
as an economi-ai Government.
The pentleman from Indiana [Mr. Howard]
spoke of making ihis a National XJovernment. I
saould be glad to know what the genii' man means
by a .National G >vernment. If by the term he
means that d scretion which w*uld give a majority
in Congress 'he right and power, under the broad
shield of "the general welfare," to which he had al-
luded, to make appropriations of money for any and
every object that a majority may decide to be wi'h-
in the scope of the general welfare then it is pre-
cisely the dontpne of Alexander Hamilton, and
comes within the range of those vast c>ns'rucUve
powers advanced by Chief Justice Marshal!—a
man who«e name is rever to be montioned sate in
profound respect and veneration for the purity of
his character, and the sim-d: d g'ii y íhJ power of
hi* intellect. Let us bee «hat is meant by the term
"general wel are."
I he word is first used in the preamble to the
Constitution, thus:
'•We. the people of the United States, in order to foim amorc
peifect Union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity,
provide for the common defence, piomote the general wel-
fare," and so forth.
We next find the term in the clause which de-
clares lhat
"Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises, to pay ihe debts, and provide for the com-
mon defence and general welfare of theUnited States."
Ii is very clear that ihe term, thus n-ed and
twice repeated, was designed as a mere declaiation
of extreme caution, and that the true intent and
meaning of thos* who used it was, that it should
be a limitation to ihe apparently absolute and un-
controlled power given in the same claupe "to lay
and collect taxe*;" that 'h°y should not use this
power wantonly or in caprice, but shou'd strictly
consult the "general ■welfare," and carry out tha
same on'y by confining i's fu'l exercise to objects
specially enumerated in thatii's'rument, and which
are thereby dekred to be nationa'; that i' wrs not
mter.ded to apply to sectional objects or local ire-
rests in any particular State, tut to tho^e great na-
tional obj-cts whkih wei\: specially declared by
grants of power to be within the jurisdiction of ihe
Government. It is not contended but that the
Government is one of I'm ted powers, and that the
Constituiion is intended to define those powers.
The gentleman [VIr. Howard] claims lhat the
Government should be national—I sny so loo.
But it is rational only on those objects speciir-
caly defined and granted in the Constitution. By
merely s^amn; that it is national, you cannot
effect objects not rnurmra'e 1, or es ent ally neces-
sary to those that *are. Th.2 convention has pre-
cisely defined ih* objects or powers that are na-
tiona', and Congress surely cannot !e ally U'.der-
tike to dec'a'e that v-e shall also be na ional fcr
ober ptrpofe*. To do so is to do nothing more
nor le?s than claim, that Congress thill set up its
own discretion as to the objes's cf "general wel-
fare," instead of confining v* action to the specific,
enumerated powers of the Consí'utñn itsetf. If
the "general welfare" be the only limitat on to the
discretion of Congress, why, then, any enumera-
tion of powers at all? All power was at once
givtn, And the judgment of Congress was thereby
dclartd to be the Constitution of the land. What
right have we to bet aside the judgment of the
convention? They cho;e, by enumerating the
pavers to show what were intended to be nat.or.al
objet ; and ihe very enumeration excu'es the
i fea oí legislation upon object < not enumerated.
The taxing power is what gave viUlity to the Con-
stitution. Under the Confederation, Congress had
power to collect revenues lrom tie States, and not
from the people ot the States. The gnat object
of the Const,tution was to change this power, so
as to enib e th.s Government to collect directly
from individuals ins eid of States. Congress may
have power t> "lay and collect taxe^" for the
"sreneial welfare," as intendjd to be defined by the
enumerated grants; but it can oiily appri priate
money thuv. raised op< n the *pe'-ifu objects defined
by the inánime nt Used*. It was wi>-elv agreed
up^n in c mvent on, that the subjects for egis'aiive
action ,*h"uld be spec.fically tettl-'i!. Dii-cie ion in
the powers of Government, whether in one or
many, is the law of lyran1*. In al! civilized ctun-
tr:es, the line which limit-, the posrer of Govern-
ment, is the line that dt finer-, enlightened liberty.
But the power to make the e appropriations has
has been claimed uüder that clause in ti e Cons .tu-
tion which declares that Congrc>s -hill h¿vc power
"to re> ulate commerce with foreign natu n-, and
among the fevetal States, and with Indian tribes."
Let us examine this for a moment. At first it would
si-em to be a get eral and absolute grant of power;
but when we reflect as to its natu e. we fiad it is
not huch. It doe* not say that Constes  thall
have poner to reeula'e cmunerc, but ' com me ice
"with foreign n«<tons." The o'her par. of the clause,
"and among the sevenl States," wi>u d seem al'O
to be absolute ar.d uncontrolled; but tils is net lha
fact: for I will de nonstraie that th* instrument
itself has two express 1 m tations i pun thus very
power. F r t, in sect ot 9, it is said, ''no tax or
duty shall be laid on ai tides e.tpor'cd from any
Sta'e," and ' no preference shail Le given by any
regulation of commerce or revenue to the ports of
one State over thissrf another; nor shall vess'ls
bound to or fron one State he obliged to enter,
clear, or pay duties, in ano her." Nov it is e'ear,
that that which at first appeared to be ab olere, is
positively a restricted and limited power; and the
wisdom of the instrument can i nly be app:ecta ed
by reading all the parts, arad blendirg them in har-
mony. The who'e scope and meaning of the
clause were, that there should be free and unre-
striced ccm neice between the S'a'es. It was a
limitation upon the power tí ibis Government,
and in favor of prrfect freedom in trade, and run-
ning in the same spirit with that clause which de-
clares that "the ci izens of each State shall be
entitled to all the privileges and immunities of
citizens in the several Staes." IfaStateweie to
monopolize, as aS*ate, any branch of ti ad , so
as to appropriate it to herself und.-r restrictions
opera'ing upon ot ers, theu|Cong-ee3 would have
power to regulate such "commerce." For insiance,
if Virginia were to momf o!iz3 for l.e-self ihe to-
bacco trad°; or if Pennsylvania we.e to mini po*
lze her eral mines and contiol their exporaioos,
then the power of Congress would attach. Bálf
ter, trade, ¡ntercommuncation between citizens of
d fierent States, were intended to le free and un-
embarrassed. Commerce, a- a public muter be-
tween State and State, might be regulated; -bat
trade pria'e, biiwecn in iiv,dual and individual,
was to be beyond Ihe interferen-e ef Congrers.
Yet, under this general power, having a plain and
palpab'e object, it is claimed to create wurks of in-
ternal improvement. Under the limre 1 power "to
regulate comm°ree witi foreign nations and among
the several States," you chim a separate, pesi'ive,
and substantive power. That which is clearly an
independent power, you claim as incidental. Un-
der the power to "reguhlt" one thin?, yon claim
the power to create anofner. Regulation of com-
merce does not give the power io create commerce
or destroy commerce. To demand that Govern-
ment -hall create internal improvement", and force
commeice upon tnem, tinder ihe power to regulate
commerce, is the same thing as to claim that Go-
vernment shall build our steamboats and ships, to
transport our produce across the Atlantic.   If you
