I/O_____________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________Feb. 1840.
26th Cono.... 1st. Sess.                                          Cumberland Road—Mr. Pickens.                                  __________________H. of Reps.
can do the thing in the one case, you can in the I
other.   It is the same thing, as to power.
I know that 'his appropriation has been claimed '
under the inducement to favor commerce, and the
power maintained under the clause to which I have
referred.   Bat has not the day passed, when such
an argument can have weight?   Those who first
projected mis national road had two great objects
in view: the first was, to promote commerce be-
tween the States—to promote union and   inter- !
course; the s:cond was, national defence, and the
protection of our remote and frontier settlements,
-which were subject to imminent danger.   These, I
say, were ihe great objects which intuced Congress
to make the first appropriations.   Now, I submit
to gentlemen, whether the   ciicumsiances of the
country are not so entirely changed, as to render
these great intentions no longer ot weight.    What
was the situation of the West in the year 1802?   It
was comparatively an unknown region; a region
surrounded by Indian tribes, and in imminent dan- '
ger of invasion  from Great Britain.   They then
looked to the old States for protection and defence.
Bat is such the state of things now?   The Western
country, which at that time w?s an infant coiony,
has now sr rung up into national exigence; and
the talented gentleman from Indiana, spoke to us
of the day,  hen they of ihe West would dictate
their own trrms to this Union; when '.hey would have
command of this, and of all other grtat questions
affecting the condition and wtKare of the Repub-
lic.   And is it right for us now to say, that this ap-
propriation  is to he make to keep up the defence
and proiectkn of the West?   Suppose a war weie
to break out with Great Biitain to-morrow.   Th*
first tocsin that sounded would proclaim the Cana-  |
das emancipated from colonial vassalage. Could we  j
be invaded thn ugh that section?   Have we not al- I
ready a yeomanry force settled on the Olio and the  !
Mississippi,   capable of  meeting the   legions of
England  without any   assi tance from   us?    Do
they ask this as an appropriation to a weak, infant
colony, just in the first stages of its settlement?
That peat Northwestern Territory, which in the
year  1802 bad less than one hundred thousand
people, has now nearly th'ee millions; a  popula-
tion equal to that of  the whole Union, at the
commencement  of   the   Revolution.     And   for
them now to come and claim an appropriation, un-
der the origional objects of the first grant, reminds
me of a full-grown boy, jut stepping into  man-
hood, with mddy cheeks and joyous eye, asking to
be dandled on his   mcther's knee, and whining to
draw   miik  from his   mothet's exhausted breast.
Such is the state of things.   The reason for the ori-
ginal appropriation exists n-i longer.   Instead of
being weak, powerless subject to invasion, the peo-
ple of the West come here now, and through their
Representatives tell you, that after the next census,
tbey will defy your power and trample upon your
authority: that they will do it by force of law, and
the triumphant power of numbers.
Is this appropriation to be made for the purpese
of facilitating commerce? What was the state of
the country ia the years 1802, 1803. and 1806?
They were then a scattered, weak, and remote peo-
ple, with no means of communication. They had
not felt the glorious and quickening influences of
the nob'e inveniion of steam power—that power
wheh has given life, and wealth, and greatness, to
a slumbering wilderness; and for tie blessinss of
which, Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, Mississippi, Ken-
tucky, and Tennessee, ought to erect a monument
to its inventor. Yes, sir! Columbus may have
discovered a continent, but the genius of Runuey
has made it a fit inheritance for freemen. They
ought to raisí a monument to his memory at the
junction of the Ohio and Mississippi, before which, ¡|
alwho pass might bow with respect, in remem- j'l
brance of thi man who subdued the mother of ;!
waters.
It is said of an ancient king, that surrounded as
he was by servility an I flattery, and as if to illus-
trate its a lusion, he attempted to chain the ocean,
and said to the waW.«, "Thus far shah thou come,
and no farther." Vain and idle as this was, in the
days of mere physical power, yet, sir, we have
literally seen, in our day, Ihe genius of man giving
to the world an invention by which intellect has
I been made to triumph over the waves of the ocean
and the winds of keiven.
I       It is that invention which has changed the whole
j   commercs of the Wts ; which has brought into ex-
! istence, as it were, a nation fiom the wilderness,
and quickened it with sudden life and vigor. We
have seen State after State spring into existence, as
powerful and perfect as cne divinity sprung from
the brain of ano her, in ancient days.   And yet
i they come in and claim th s appropriation, lor the
purpose of facilitating commerce! and tell us that
if we do not grant it, they will be deprived of the
advantages to which they are entitled, and w,ll be
crippled in their resources! Sir, you might as
we.l attempt to bind down the lion in his strength,
by throwing cobwebs over his mane, as to cripple
the energesof ihs West. The journey from Pitts-
butg to to New Orleans may be performed in as
many days, und r the operation of the sieam
power, as, in the year 1806, it took months.   And
1 yet the appropriation is claimed to facilitate com-
merce ! Look for a moment at the map of this
country. On one side you have the Ohio, tunnine
for 500 miles parallel to this road; and on the othsr
yoa have those great inland seas, furnishing on
both sides the finest commercial intercouse c any
inland country upon the face of the globe. What
more can be done? The puny tfTorts of this Go-
vernment sink into contempt before the majestic
works that nature herself has thrown around
this magnificent coun'ry. If jou must do some-
thing, do it for a country that nee.ls your ap-
propria'ion. Sr, the great objects for which
this appropriation was originally made, ot  faci-
. litaiing commerce, binding the Union, and
for the purposes of defence, no longer exist.
If the Congress of 1606 had good inducements to
make these appropriations, the Congress of 1840
have none; and it is the height of folly and of uiad-
n<ss to continue to make appropriations originally
based on a different state of ciicumsiances in the
country, when the whole countiy itself has
changed. Does Ohio, or Indiana, or Illinois, ask
this appropriation because the Government has
b;cn a hard parent to tbem, or becanse we have
neglected their interests? Wi e have given them the
richest soil on the globe for little or nothing—
cheaper than it could be purchased in any part of
the civilized world. We have given them all the
fostering care of a kind and indulgent Government.
I know nothing that they have asked which we
have ever refused; and yet they come and demand
these extra appropriations. I kuow they seem to
think that what they have paid for land is a naked
tax. Has it been a tax wrung from labo ? Do
they receive nothing in return? Have we not given
them a full equivalen'? Is the puichase of property
a tax? Have we not given them a quid pro quol Is
there a man among them who will now sell bis land
for the price at which he bought i ?
Now it is said that we have foibidden these
States to tax our lands within their seve al limits,
and for five years after their purchase from Go-
vernment. This was done at the solicitation of the
States themselves, because it was supposed that it
wou'd hold out additional inducements to emigra-
tion and settlement, to be exempt from taxes; and
what was supposed to be for their inteiests, is now
said to affect their resources. 1 will repeal the ex-
emption to-morrow, if they will take ic as an equi-
valent. The Hue tesources ofaSia'e consist in
the income of its citizens—in their capacity to meet
public demands upon that income. It is popula-
tion, labor, income, that give true resources to a
State.
The taxing power of the State extends without
J limit over is citizens. If they have cheap lands,
and ext-mpt from taxes, their income ought to be
J  greater.   The aggregate income of the  people of
i Ohio constitutes the true resources of the State
And, as far is capacity to feear taxation is con-
cerned, the;e new States have ai complete pewer
and as sreat resouices, according to their popula-
tion, as has ihe State? of Kentucky, Tennessee, or
any other State in the Union. Their capacity to
raise taxes is in exact proportion to their income
and the number of thrir citizens. This objeción,
then, that we have forbidden the exercise of the
power cf taxation over our own lands, is nothing
more than theoretical; and, therefore, the position
assumed that we are bound to appropriate this mo-
ney, because we have crippled the resources of
these States, cannot be maintained. It is idle to
talk of our camping the resources of States that
have outstripped the Atlante frontier; that are al-
most able to purchase out their richest Atlantic sis-
ters. Sir, there is no justice in demanding this ap-
propriation.
I proceed now, Mr. Speaker, to present a few
views upon this question, considered merely as a
fiscal question, and with reference to the resources
of the country at the present time.    According to
the estimates revived from the Treasury Depart-
ment, it will be seen that our resources for the
next yt-ar will probably amount to about twenty-
two millions of dollars; ami, as a p-rt of this esti-
mate, we must Uke into the calculation a debt of
about two and a half millions that will be due from
the Bank of the United States, and about one mil-
lion due from the deposite banks. And then we have
the estimate of what appropriations are necessary,
and from which it will be seen ihat,  with very
grtat prudence and economy, we will be barely able
to meet just demands upon the Treasury.    I doubt
whether the income will not be, in fact, short of
the demands.    Now, I put it  to those  who  have
rallied themselves upon the late able message of
the President in favor of economy and retrench-
ment—I put it to them, whether it is proper, under
the existing circumstances and embarrassments of
the country, to voie an appropriation oí four hun-
dred and fifty thousand d&llm 3 lor this  road?    I put
it to them, whether it ia proper to vote this amount,
w.tb. the certainty  that you  must either borrow
money or issue Treasury notes?   Is the contry pre-
pared for this?   Where will you borrow money?
How will you iaise the fundi?   It is reported that
there is a universal derangement, a general pres-
sure, in the money  maiket, from one end of the
country to the other-, and I take it for granted, that
the idea is not to be entertained that the Govern-
ment is to borrow money to meet its exigencies.
Well, are yeu prepared to issue Treasury notes?
Here let me say that, last session, I voted against
the issue of these notes.   I did so on the ground of
expediency; not because 1 had constitutional ob-
jections against the measure, but because I regard-
ed it as a dangerous precedtnt, and because its
tendency was to profligacy in expenditures.   There
ought never to be an issue of such note?, except it
be upon  ascertained funds,   belonging   to  the
Treasury, but not immediately available at the
then, to be done under extreme caution and guards,
and only when absolutely necessary.  The Govern-
ment has, undoubtedly, a right to borrow, and to
use the form of Treasury notes instead of bonds,
moment, although certain at a fu ure time. It ought,
But when gentlemen  come and ask  me to vote
four hundred and fifty thousand dollars for an object
which I believe to be beyond the Constitution, and
unnecessary, and with the ceriainty that, according
to the tslimatcs on our table, we will be called upon
to ¿ppropriae nearly eight millions more to the same
object, 1, for one, raise my protest against it; and
when gentlemen shall ask me to give them support
for Treasury notes, I say to them, that, if they pass
such appropriations as this, I will trample upoy
the t es of pany with contempt, and  refuse ma
vo e.    I know my duty to the country and  to my
constituent better than to submit to the sympathies
of party, so far as to give my vote for an issue of
Treasury notes to meet appropriations which are
both unconstitutional and unnecessary.   Are gen-
tlemen prepared to  make such disbursements at
present? It is probable that the income of the first
two quarters of the year w.ll fall behind, and that
the Treasury will not be abk to  meet the appro-
priate and necessary demands upon it.     I very
much believe ibis may be the case; and I  believe
that the income of the Inst two quarters, with pro-
per care, will rather exceed the necessary expendí-
tare*: that is to say, it  Congrtss is prepared to
c:me down to economical and necessary  expendi-
tures only.     And if a Treasury note bill is intro-
duced here with a view to render those expendi-
tures commensurate with the income, and to e na-
lize the demands with the revenues for the whole
year, and with that view o?!t, rfacing out of sight
