Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
26th Cong....„.16T Sess.
CumbeHand Road—Mr. Picken?.
H. of Reps.
all unnecessary or uncoosntational appropriatu ns,
I might, under the ne<es.-iiy of the case, g ve such
a bill mv support But pas such appropriations
as these, sir—pass appropriations in the teeth ol
the Constitution, and of the pressing interests of the
country, and that, too, at a lime when we are so
deeply tinbarras<ed—emba<rassed as individuals—
embarrassed as Stales—embarrassed as a national
Government—aDd I pronounce it here, as I will do
tverj where, the height of profligacy, madness, and
tyranny.
Sir, I confess that some of the remarks which
All from the able gentleman fiora Indiana [Mr.
Howard ] made my blood run warm. I confess
that I fell a deeper emotion of the heart, when he
spoke of tie rising strength of the West—of the
numbers they wou'd include under the next census;
when he spoke of their power and ascendency;
and when he said that they would " remember
their friend*, and visit their enemie--." Sir, this
remark of the gentleman may have been full of
Christian charity and forgiveness; but if it was, it
created difierent íeeücgs in my bosom. I felt that
the gen'leman had arrayed these increasing num-
bers on one s de, to show to the^ambitious and
Ihe aspiring of this House, the temptations which
ley in the future. The people of ti e West would
" renremter their friend.*, and visit their enemies!"
Sir, I know not bow I am to be visited. I know
not whether I am to be viewed as a f.iend or an
tn'mjjbut I know my duty to ihe Conitiiniion; I
know my devotion to the g¡e>t interests of the
countr}—not tj the interests of a particular sec-
tion, or of a few Siates—bul to the interests of
the whole cjuntry; and, knowing my duty,
the language oí the gendeman has ceither tenor
nor tcmptdti' n for me. I have no aspiration
h-gher than that of a conscie itious discharge of
my duty to tl e Constitution; and I know of no temp-
tation, either from pow¿r on the one hand or
flattery on the other, which can ever swerve me from
the direct path of honor and independence. I have
opposed this appropriation because it is unneces-
sary, particu'ai ly in the present emergency of the
country; an J because the great objects which in-
duced Congress originally to make the appropna-
ti in, exist no longer. It s inexpedient, because it
will array against each other sectional interests and
feelings. 1 (ppooe it, because I believe that the
Constitution of ourcountry breathes forth a spirit of
just forbearance and equality; and that it wasprin-
c pally intended to give us protection and defence
against foieign em mies, and not to create strug-
gles and contes's fur particular internal works,
either in one section or the other. I am aware
that these views may be regarded as "narrow, con-
tracted," and, once more to repeat the c'assical
language of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ma-
son,] ' niggardly;" but they are the views which I
have fceeu taught from the book of the Constitu-
tion itself—from the history of the convention
which framed if, and from what I believe to be the
trae, the solid, ths permanent interests of all parts
of the Confederacy.
The gentleman fnm Indiana [Mr. Howard]
asked, significantly, why appropriations are con'-t -
tuiional on the At antic frontier, and not in the
iaterioi? I do not exactly know what class of ap-
propriates the gent'eman may refer to; but if he
alludes to that profligate c'ass embraced und^r the
general "hartnT bill," by which Congress has ap-
propriated money under the power to regulate
commerce where none existed, but to make and
create commerce, I held all such to be against the
genius of the Constitution, a gross and profligate
penrersirn. It is a fraudulent perversion of the
internal improvement power to nuke such appro-
priations under a bill nom nally for harbors. Since
the famona veto on the Maysville road bill, appro-
priation* far internal improvement have taken that
direct on; bol if the true intention is to protect and
"regulate" our commerce, where commerce exists,
then such objectrccme directly' wi hin the provi-
sion of the Constítuiie , which decía-e. that "Con-
gress shall have power to regulate commerce w.th
foregn nations." The rerwrsion of thn power,
of late years, has produced appropriations to dig
out and make harbors where there were no
towns and no commerce,  and   where nature
never intended   thsre should   be   iny.     To pro-
tect a  harbor   connected   w.th   national   defence
is a different thii g trom this.    But the gentleman
asks    why   appropriations    "are    constitutional
upon sa't water and not upon fresh?"   I will tell
the gentleman: it may be because they are con-
nected with the national defence of tiie country.
It is upon «sit water that we are to be auacked.
Tne next great contest that is to come—and I be-
litve it wilt comr, sooner or later—will  be decided
on the ocean, and decided, tco,  by steam  power.
But appropriations, under exist ng circumstances,
considering the great change in the world, and the
prospect of almost a total ehange in modern war-
tare, even  to fortifications,  which, in the yars
1816, 1818, and 182(3, were deemed necessary and
proper, I consider, at present, useless and inexpe-
dient.     Appropriations for fortifications at leading
po.nts, wnere  they may be necessary for ihe pro-
tection of the navy, I ent rely approve of; these,
however,  ought to be confined  to  a fe™/ great
points.   Naval power, connected with steam, will
hereafter decide the fate of empire among civilized
nations.   Appropriations to protect commerce, to
prevent the invasion of territory, to defend those
placrs where our battle ate to be fought; all these
things are included under a general class of appro-
pnaions for national defence.     But the interior
West d e  not require such apprapiiations.    And
why?    Because, by the b'essmss of Nature, they
are temoved from all danger of inv?ston; they in-
habit a country remote  from any foreign nation.
Tht day is passed when Great Britain is to invade
us fuccissfully  through the lakes.    If,  unfottu-
nately, a rupture should ever take place betueen
us, Canada could never be retained mcjlonialsub-
jogat on.
There is a bold and hardy pnpuhHon on 'he lake
frontier always capable of defending l'self from
the remote possibility of any impotent invasion.
They are not in a situation to be attacked. But if
our country i« to be invad'd, it will be either in
the Northeast or the Southwest. It will be in
the gulf of Mexico or in some part of the Southern
Atlantic, that you will be called upon to defend the
honor and rights of the country. There your coait
is extensive and unprotected, and open to the inter-
course of the world. Tnera your commerce is
richest and presents the greates' temptations to in-
vasion. Appropriations upon such points are
stiictly national, under enumerated grants of power
in the Constitution. And here lies the reason why
appropriations are constitutional in one case, and
not so for roads or canals in the interior. Surely
the peope of the interior West want no appro-
priations for their defence, exc- pt upon the Indian
tiontier.
I know that their proud spirit and independence
would repudiate the idea of asking any thing for
prcection. Do they want a gratuitj—a bounty?
Are appropr ations claimed for the States of Onio,
Indiana, aid Illinois, because we have been an un-
kind and hard patent to them, and they need ap-
pria'tious?
Go and see what yru have done for Kentucky.
How was she settled? By the hardy ente pr se and
courage of her own citizens, who went on "ctn-
quenng and to conquei" ihe wildfrne^s, amid blood
and the universal cii°s of murder. She has made
hers< If a great State without appropriations from
this Government; and th.s >s one great cause of her
spirit of indrpendence. She does not come here
and bend her knee for favor.
But, sir, it i< said that Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois, need this to facilitate commerce and to give
them national defence! On these pom's in what do
they diffsr from Kentucky and Tennessee? There
is no justice in this system.
It may be supposed, Mr. Sfpeakei, that I have a
particular feeling of opposit'on in regird to this
particular appiopiiation. The only feeling I have
towards it is, that it is connected with a sys'em of
measures—with a precedent, which is hereafter to
be quoted, as it now in, a*beiag a part of the Con-
stitution—a precedent, upon the strength of whe'i
eight milhoi.s of dollars are hereafter to be zsktd,
and probably eight millions upon that. You will
be asked to run the road into Arkansas; yon will
be asked to run it into  Louisiana.   It will be
demanded, as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Howard] mimattd yest-rday, that it shall run to
fie waves of the Pacific, even at the cost of
$ 100,000,1X0 It is to avert this thing in its pro-
gress—it ison account of the future consequences to
trie country, that I enier my protest here. Sir, I
hav no hostility to the particular States interested.
On the contrary, I am in favor of a measure that
will redeem that whole region of country from its
colonial vassalage to this Government. Rather
than be hara^sid year after year—rather than have
the whole system of corrupting patronage which is
connected with the public Ian is, through public
agencies of all kinds, remain as it now is—rather
than see such power and patronage wielded under
Executive influence and dictation, I will vote to
cede the public lands to the States in which they
lie, on certain conditions, reserving a portion of the
nett proceeds, at least equal to what they have
yielded us heretofore, and let the Slate incur the
expense of sales, (fee. and control all the patronage
incident to their management—the minimum price
to be fixed by this Government. I would do this,
because I anttcipate the result which the gentleman
from Indiana has spoken of, when the oveiflowing
population of ihe West will come here, asking no
favors, but dictating terms by force of habitual le-
gislation. Under the existing system, the Ex-
ecutive chair of this Government is to be put up
and bid for every four years. The power is to
be conferred on him who will make the greatest
promises to local and sectional interests; and the re-
marks of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Hoffman] presented lo ray mind conclusive objec-
tions against the whole system of Execuiive influ-
ence as connected with internal improvements, and
other local objtcts. But this Executive influence
npver can be controlled, if you give to him disburse-
ments upon sectional interests—if you give to him
power over local objec s—if, in short, you divert
the Constitution from the great ends which it was
intended to accomplish. Under unjust and illegal
legislation, the Executive becomes omnipotent. All
usurpation of power 6y Congress over and above
the grants of the Constitution, necessarily accrues,
in the progress of events, to Executive influence. It
is that power which your Executive holds over the
new States which has always sustained him, and
which will continue to do so as long as a majority
here vote such appropriation*. I would prefer to
make the Executive independent of these things—
to place him upon the high grounds of the Consti-
tution, and to make htm took to the true and solid
interests of h's country. He would then be
prompted to court fame, rather than power; and it
is with that view I would vote to-morrow that tie
unsold lands should be ceded to the Sta'es in which
they lie. I believe it is a measure that would rege-
nerate this Government; and I prefer the inde-
pendence of tho*e States, and the independence and
purity of th's Government, to any imaginary profit
which might accrue by a different course. Eesides,
theTreasuiy might, under such a system, receive
a greater nett revenue than under the present, with
its drawbacks and expenses.                          s
Sir, I am not the opponent of the West. I rejoice
la its true prosperity; but I abhor the idea of
dragging heie, before us, hiah minded and brave
men as annual mendicants upon your Treasury:
it is a subservient spectacle at which my mind re-
vo td I devre that their interests should be pro-
moied en proper principles. Fix upon a compre-
hensive and enlightened system, compatible with
the geaiusofour invtitotions, and the interests of
separate and independent States—not a policy
suited to the infancy and weakness of the new
States, but mted to their growth, their wealth, aed
their numbers—a policy which will hat moms* rtw
new with the old Siat<s, and produce * more per-
fect and permanent Union—and «a*  ' - ajstwn
shall receive my cordial sappertl  Cafleteted Wf,h
your sec íonal appropriations, jHror^M* system
t.wards the new States is-en« *f tfcfltfpMary and
miserable expedients.  «**B«del>cy  's¡° «sender
ill-will, hos'ility, an*tatte*-fee>«£. I d is fast de-
stroyinj? ihe eqwte&óaj *M>e Confederacy. So?
these feeiMB*! appropriation*  and P «*«e   just
aadltoei8*pol*«^w«ltb«recan Le notnin? l0 re-
tard the triumphs; progress of this Republic to fu-
