ITS
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono""1st Se;>8.
State Debts—Mr. Calhoun.
Feb. 1840.
Senate.
ture greatness and power. I confess I feel my
heart glow with auartmr emotion, when I look
lorward to the day when 'SU'e after S ate shall rise
from th« unknown regions of the "lar West," and
add star after star to the banner of our Union. I
re) 'ice to ihnk of the day when the cottager apon
the banks-tithe Rio Roxo, and the fisherman who
casts his net even upon the waters of Arabesca,
shall feel and know that they are brethren—citi-
zens of one common and united Republic. Sir, when
that period arrives, we can then, in truth, say toat
the star of empire casts its blaze westward. Then
will the American Eagle exulnngly snuff the d s-
tant Pacific, and take a higher and a boicer fl ght,
wiih redoubled vigor in his wing and brighter glory
beaming from his eye.
But, pur.-ue a contrary system, and you will re-
duce this people to heart-burnings, hostility, and
jea ou*y. You never can satisfy them. They w 11
l*x.<k upon ycu as a hard anA c'o e Government
and, fiuallv, they will defy your po.*er and tram-
ple upon your law?.
Our relations to the new States and Territories
const Mte our quasi colonial s>stem. 1 would ra-
ther adopt a mild and benignant policy towards
them, such as the ancient Governments adopted to-
wards their colonies. Tbeir policy was to settle
them, to see them prosper  us, and to rejoice in
their pri'speiity—to have a fostering care towards
them: not to levy taxes, not to mike them source*
of p-rminent revenue; but to make them friends
in pc.ee and alius in war. This was the wi-e sys-
tem of «int qmiy. Modern naiions have substituid
a despocie, avaricious, grinding, and base system, in
the place of this generous and enlghtened policy;
and ihe consequence has been that England,Frunce,
Bpiin, and Portugal, are ma sure way to lote en-
tiielf their colonial possessions, simply bee. u^e
they have nude ihem the object* of taxation, the
sources of revenue to the moiher country. Ii is
this waich has deprived them of tneir coluni s, and
which mn't finally result in a lo-s «f all, with en-
gendered feelings of bit'emesi and hosiil'ty.
I am in favor of pursuing an enlightened and
generous system, adapted to the condition of the
Spates, and the palpable and presúng emergencies of a
vising and powerful country. Be sure, whatever you do,
to make them friends in peace and allies in tear. Any
other course will be fatal. You will lose more
than you will gam.
If the pnbl c domain is to be used as an object
of an eternal revenue, and you are to calculate
only how much you can force from a reluctant
peop e, it is va n to disgu se it, you will p-cduce
ill-wilt, riva's up, deep and bitter hatred; and all
the Cumberland road, or other roads,which you can
run from here to the Rocky mountains, will never
keep us a mined and happy people.
Mr. Speaker : these views, which I have barely
glanced at, when the proper time arr ves, will give
rise to some of the most complicated and beautiful
questions of constitutional  law that belong to oar
philosophical sysicm of Government    I may ad-
m t that  Virginia constructively holds the freeho'd
in the unsold lands noithwest of the Ohio.   I shall
maintain  that she has made this Government a
trustee of the State, which irust-porer is to be ex-
ercised for the renefit and permanent interests of
all the S ate?.   The cession fn m Virg ma, of the
2(kh ot  October,  1783, it is true, has the word?,
u for tlis use and benefit'" of the S ales, &c. " Vir-
ginia inclusive, according to their usual respective
proportions, in the general charge and expend ture,"
&c.    This was passed under the confederation,
whea this Government apportioned out to, and col-
lected revenue from, the  States  as States,   when
'•their usual respective proportuns in the general
char_e '' cojld be known and ascer>ained.    By the
ratification of the F¿d« al Consti'u ioa, Virginia
hersell has chinked this mode, and giv n power to
this Govo nment to ci l'e^t nvtiiue direcly Irom
the peop'e ot the who'e Union, ins'ead of Stales.
She ha-< thereby create J a general treasury, in com-
mon, from all  th- pjop!e.    And if there beany
change m the powers and du'ics of this Govern-
ment, she herself has assenred tj it.    As to the ter-
ritory purchase I by ir<-aty,  the freehold is in the
Statts conjointly, and   th s Government is their
common trustee, and there can be no question as to
power. There can be no freehold in this Govern-
ment, and grants run from it as trustee. It has no
sovereignty Hse'l, but is used to exercise the con-
joined sovereignty ol the States. I foibear to open
up these great questions. They will form a chap-
ter in the future. The tme is coming when they
will be pressed for dtcsion. The time is coning
when we must pass over these local appropuations
of $450,000 this year, and $500,000 the ne*t. The
people will no longer bear it. The West itself
will demand, and justly demand, a different state of
thing*
Mr Speaker, as to the instructions moved upon
your taMe, orc'ertr.g positively the Committee of
Ways and Mea i s to bring in a bill appropriate
$450,000 for this road, I have only to say, that if
they aie carried, it will change the mode ?nd man-
ner of doing business in this House. You wi'l
have instructions moved upon a'l other sectional
suKjects, and the consequence will be, we shall be
forced m'o a voe upon proposition ! which ought
to temovtd first in Committee of the Miho'e. I
have moved my amendment with a view to allow
the committee merely to inquire into the expedi-
ency cf reporting a bill. And if my amendment
prevails over the posiiive instructions, then 1 can
vote f gainst (he proposition even as am n led.
This course is perfectly parliamentary. It is a
me e maiter of expediency, and does not commit
me to any thug except a preference of mine ov<T
positive in mictions. I shall vote, finally, against
all instructions.
SPEECH OF  MR. CALHOUN,
OF SOUTH CAROUNA,K          /
in Senate,   Wednesday, February 5, Í840—O/i Mr.
Grundy's rep >rt in relation to thejas-umptioa of
the i'ebts of the States by the Federal/Govern'
ment.                                         /
Mr. CALHOUN said:               /
When I hive heard it a^erled^ again and
asain, m t! h disru-sicn, tha< thi^/eport was un-
called fur; that there was no or.c aft favor of the
assumption of State debt-, and that the resolutions
were mere idle, arsiract negatives, of in sort <f
importance; I could not but ask myself, if all ihis
re so, why tiis deep excitement? why this ardent
zeal to make collateral is-ues? and, above all, why
the great anxiety to avoid a direct vote on the
resolutions? To these inquir es I could find but
ene s >!ut'Oi; and that is, disguise it as you may,
lh".e i=, in írality, e.1 the bot.om, a deep and a^i-
tiiling queatim. Yes, there ;s such a question.
Theschem?of arsucaicg the del ts of the States is
no :d e ficion. The evidence of ¡ts reality, and
that it ¡s now in agitation, burst fiom every quarter,
within and without the-e walls, en this sic'e
and the o'her side of tin Atlante; not, in-
deed, a direct cssump ion, for that would
b  loo absurd; snl harmless, because too absurd;
but in a form far mo. c plausible and dangerous—
an assumption, in effect, by dividing the pioeeeds of
the salcs of public lauds anions the States.
I shall m t stop to show that such distiibution,
under existing circumstances, with the deep in-
deb'edness and embarrassment of many ot the
Stateí, n ou'd be, in reality, an assumption.
We all knovv, that without such indeb edness
and embarrassment, the scheme of distribution
would not have the least chance for aloption,
and that it would be perfectly hartiles-, and
cause no excitement; but plunged, as the States
are, in debt, it becomes a question tiuly formidable,
and on which the future politics ot the country
are drstined for years to turn. F, then, the
scheme should be adopted, it must be by the votes
oí the indebted States, in order to aid their ctedit,
aid lighten their burden; and who is so blii.das not
to see ihat it would be in truth, what I have as-
serted it be in effect, ¡o that extent, aa assumption
of their debt-'.
H'-re, th n, we have the real question at issue,
which has caused all ihis excitement and zeat—a
que-iion pregnant with the most important conse-
quences, immediate and lemote. What I now
propose is, to trace r.ipidly and briefly some of the
more prominent which would result from this
scheme, should it ever become a law.
The fits*, and most immediate, would be to sub-
tract from the Tr aswy a sum equal to the annual
proceeds of the sabs of the public land-.. I do
not intend to examine the corst tu'ional quelle 
whether Congress has or has not the right to make
the suh'racii n, and to divide ihe proceeds among
the S ates. It is not necessary. The committee
has conclusively shown that it ha< no such power;
that it holds the public domain in trust for the
Stves in tin ir Federal capaci'y as members of the
Union, in aid of ther contnbu ion to the Tieasury ;
and that to denationalize the Urid, (if I may use
the exrre-si' n.) by dis rimming it among the Slates
for their separate and individual uses, would be a
immfevt violation of the tru't, "nd wholly unwar-
ranted by the Consu ution. Parsing, then, t>y the
constitution*! qirstion, I intend to r'Sintt my
inqu ry to wl.dt would te is fiscal and moneyed
effects.
Thus r garded. the first effect of the subtraction
would be to caus- an eqiMl dtficit in the reveruc.
I need not inform the ¡senate that ilrre is not a sur-
plus cent in the Treasury; that ih° most ng'd eco-
nomy will be ntces-aiy 'o nr>eet the demand^ en it
daring die current year; that the revenue, so far
from being on the increase, must be rapidly re-
duced, under existing laws, in 1he next twoyeare;
and that every dollar withdrawn, by subtracting
the proceed-, ot the puH ic lands, niut,t make a cor-
responding deficit. We are thus brought to the
question, what would be the probable annual
am' unt of the deficit, and how is it to be supplied?
The receipts from the sales of the public lands, I
would suppose, may Le salt-ly estimated at five
millions of dollars at least, on an aveiage, for the
next ten or fif'een years. They were about six
millions the last year. Tl.e ftr.^t three quarters
gave within a fraction of five and a half miHi' ns.
The <?'tima'e for this year, is three and a
half mill on^; making the average of the two
years but li t'e short of five millions. If, w ith these
data, we c?st our e)es back on the last ten or fif-
teen years, we shall come to the c inclusion, taking
into consideration our great inctease of populaton
and wealth, and the vast quantity of public Lnds
held by the Government, that the average 1 ha\e
estimated is not too high. Assuming, then,that the
deficit wou'd be five millions, the i.ext inquiry is,
how shall it be supplied? There is but tns way;
a corresponding increase of the du'ies on imports.
We have no other source of revenue, but the Pest
Office. No r n? w. ul 1 tnmk ( f laying it on that,
or to raise the amount by inten a! taxes The
reiu t, then, thus far, would be to withdraw from
the Treasury five millions of the proceeds of the
sales of the pablic lands, to be distributed amoDg
the States, and to .mpose an equal amount of du-
ty on imports, to make good the deficit. Now I
would ask, what is the difference, regarded as a
fiscal transacii'-n, between withdrawing that
amount for di>tribu'ion, and imposii gas milar
amount of duties on the imports, to supply its
place, and trial of leaving the proceeds of the
sales of the laud in the Treasury, and imposing an
equal amount of duties for distribution ? It is
clearly the same th ng, in effct, to retain the pro-
ceeds of the public tands tn the Tieasury and to
impose the duties for distribution, or to distribute
the proceeds and thereby force the imposition of
ih¿ dul.es 'o supply the place.
It is, then, in reality, a scheme to impose five mil-
lions of additional d<a;ie¿. on the inipoitaurns of ihe
country, to be di^tnbu'cd among the States; and
I now ask where is the Senator who will openly
avow himself an advocate of such a schermt 1
put ihe question home, solemnly, to those on tbe
opposite side, do yrunot behevethat smh a scheme
would be uncon-iituuonal, unequal, unjust, and
dangerous? And can you, as honest men, do that
in effect, by induect means, which, if done directly,
would be clearly liable to every one of those objec-
tions?
I have said such would be the case, regarded as
a fiscal transacfon. In a political pent of view, >he
distribution of the proceeds ot ihe sales of the land
would be the worst cf the two. It would create
opposing and hostile relations between the old aad
new States, in  reference to the public domain.
