teLl840.
A^ítíÑDÜ TO 1MM CÓNGÍlÉSSiOkAt GtOfcít
it;
26th Cono . . 1st Ssss.
Slate Debts—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
Heretofore the conduct of the Government has
been dtetingui-hed .by the greatest liberality, not to
say generosity, towards the new States, in the ad-
ministration of the public lands. Adopt this scheme,
and its conduct will be the reverle. Whatever
iLight be granted to th;m, would subtract
an equal amount from the sum to be distributed.
An, anstere and ritid administration would be the
result, followed by hostile feelings on both sides,
that would accelerate the ccnflct between them in
reference to the public domain—a conflict ad-
vancng but too fast by the natural course of
events, and which any one, in the least gifted with
foresight, most see,come when it will, would shake
the Daioq 10 the centre, unless prevented by wise
and timely concession.
. Having shown that the scheme is, in (Sect, to
impose duties, for distribution, the next question is,
on whom will they fallí 1 know that there is a
gnat diversity of opinion as to who, in tact, pays
the dot.es on ímpcr . I do no not intend to dis-
cuss that point. We of the staple andexporting
Rates have Ion? settled the question, for ours«lves,
almost unanimously, from sad experience. We
know how ruinously his,h duties fell en us;
how they desolated our cities, and exhaus'ed our
section. We ah o know how rapidly we have
been recovering as they have been going off, in
sp<te of all the difficulties of the times, and the dis-
tracted and disordered sute ot the currency. It is
now a fiied maxim w.th us, that there is sot a
whit of difference, as far as we are roncero?d, be-
tween an export and impon duty—between paying
tod going out. or letnrning in—or going down to
market, or returning back. If this be true, of
which we have no doubt, i lis a point of nn titile
importance to as of the staple States to know what
portion of the duties will ia.ll to our lot n pay.
We furnish about, three-fourths of the expons,
With about two-fifths of the whole pipuhton
Font-fifths of five millions is four millions, which
weald be the measure of our contnbutio"; and two-
fifths of five millions is two millions, which would
be ov snare of the attribution; that is to say, tor
every two dollars we would receive, under this no-
table scheme, we would pay ft ur dol ars to the
fond from which ir would be deiived.
I now ask, what does it amount to, but making
the income of the S ates to the amount of five
millions annually, common property, to be distri-
buted amone them according to numbers, or some
such ratio, with* ut the lea«t reference to their
rsspeet.ve conribntioD? And what istbat but rank
asrarianism—agrananism among the States? To
divide the annual income is as ranch agrarianism
as to divide properly iise.f; and would bs as much
so divided among t«rentv-s<x States, as among
twenty-six individuals. Let me admonish the
members opposite, if they really apprehend the
spirit of agrarianism as much as might be inferred
from their frequent declarations, not to set the fatal
example here, in their leg slative capacity.- Re-
member tHf re is but one step between dividing the
income of the Slates, and that of individuals, and
between a put al and general distribution.
Proceeding a su p farther,in tracing consequences,
ano'het question presents itself-—on what arti-
cles shall the duties be laid? On the ftre or the |
dntied article ? Sba'l they be laid for revenue or
for protection? Is it not obvious that ro large an
amount Ss five millioas, eqnal to one-third of the
present income from that source, and probably not
much less than one half what it will be tt
the end of two years, cannot be raised withont
rousing from its slumber the tariff question, with
all its distraction and danger? Should that, how-
ever, not be the case, there is another consequence s
connected with this, that cannot fail to rouse it, as
I shall now proceed to explain.
The act of distributing the sales of the public
lands among the Spates, of it elf, as well as the
amount to be dis ributed, will do much to resusci-
tate their credit Uis the desired result, and the
leading motive for the act. Five millions annu-
al^  (the amount assumed,) on a pledge of the
public domain, would, of itseif, be a sufficient ba-
sa for a loan of ninety or an hundred millions of
dptiara, if judiciously managed. Bat suppose that
only one half should be applied, as the means of ,,
negotiating loans abroad, in order to complete the
old, or to commence new, works of improvement,
or other objects.   I ask, what would be the effect
on our imports, of negotiating   a   loan m Eng-
land, or elsewhere in Europe, of forty or fifty
million', in (he course of the next year or twt ?
Can any one doubt, from past exper ence?   We
all know ihe process,   Very little gold or silver is
ever seen in thesj negotiations.   A credit is ob-
tained,   and   that   placed   in   bank   there,    or
with   wealthy   bankers.     Bills   are   drawn   en
this   country,   and    then   s^ld   to   merchants.
These afe transmitted to Europe, and the  pro-
ceeds returned in goods, swelling the tide of im-
ports in proportion to the amount.   The crash of
our manufac.nrers follow, and that, in turn, by
denunciations «gainst over-impoiting and over-trad-
ing, in which those who have been most active in
ciusii g it are sure to join, but will take special
care to make not the least allusion to the real source
whence it flows.   Is not that the case at th s mo-
ment?   And can it be doubted, that with the in-
crease of the cause, the clamor for protecton will
increase,   until, with united voices,   the friends
of the system would demand its renewal.   If to
this we add, that, under the compromise act, the
tariff mast be revived and remodelled, who can
look at such a concurrence of powerful causes
without seeing that it would be almost irnpossibla
to prevent the  revival of the protective sys'em,
should, the scheme of distribution be adopted?   I
hazard nothing in asserting that the renewal would
cena nly follow; and, av th's would be one of the
most prominent and duratle consequences of that
scheme, I prop >se  to consider it tuily, in  its most
important bearir.gs.
One of the most striking features of the system is
its tend ncy to increase. Let it be once recognised,
and let the most moderate duties be laid for p.oec-
turn; but put the system in motion, and its course
would be onward, onward, by an irresistible im-
pulse, as I shall presently show, fiom past
experience; and hence the neces«ity of v gi-
tanee, and a determined resistance to evtry
course of policy that may by possib.lity lead
to its renewal. This tendency to increase, results
from causes inherent and inseparable from the sys-
tem, and has evinced itselt by the fact, that every ta-
riff for- protection has invariably disappointed its
friends in the protection anticipated, and has been
followed periodicaly, after short intervals, by a
demand for another tariff with increased duties, to
afford the proection vainly anticipated from its
predecessor. Such has been the result throughout,
from 1816 to 1828, when the first and last protec-
tive tariffs were laid, which I propose now to show
by a very brief historical sketch of the rise and
progress of the system.
The late war, with the embargo, and other restric-
tive measures that preceded it, almost expelled dur
commerce from the ocean, and diverted a vast
amount of capital, that bad been employed in it,
to manufactures.   Such was the cause that led to
the sytem.   After the termination of the war, there
was, on the part of Congress and the country, th j
kindest fee'ing toward the mnaufactnnng interest,
accompanied by a strong desire so to adjust the
duties (indispensable to meet the expenses of Go-
vernment, and to pay the public debt) as to afford
them ample protection.   The manufacturers were
consulted, and the act of '16 was modelled to their
wishes.   They regarded it as affording sufiicient
and permanent protection, and I, in my then want
of experience as to the nature of the system, did
not dream that we would hear any more of-tariff,
till it would become necessary to readjurt the du-
ties, afer the di charge of the public debt.   Vain
expectation!   Two years bad not passed away be-
fore the manufacturers were as c amorous as ever
for additional protection; and to meet their wishes,
new duties were laid, from time to time, with the
same result; but the clamor still returned, till 1824,
when the tariff of  that year passed, which was
believed on all sides to be ampl«,and was consider-
ed, like that of '16, to be a (mal adjustment of the
question.    It was under this imprts ion that the
South acquiesced (reluctantly) in the very hi*h du-
ties it imposed.   The late General Hayne, then a
distinguished member of this body, took a very ac-
tive part against it; and I well remember, after its
passage, that he consoled himself with the belief
that, though oppressive, it would te the last. His
expectation proved as vain as mine in '16. Before
two years had passed, we were again besieged
with the cry of the inadequacy *f the protection;
and, in.the summer of 1827, a Urge convention
of manufacturers from all parts, was held at Har-
risburg, in Pennsylvania, to devise a new and
more ample scheme of protection to be laid be-
fore Congress at the next session. That move-
ment ended in the adoption of the tariff of 1828,
which, in order to make sure wcrk, weut far be-
yond all its predecessors in the increase of duty.
The duties were raided on the leading articles of
consumption from forty to fifty per cent, above
former duii-s, as high as they were. I speakjeon-
jec.urally, without any certain data. In less "than
three years, eveo that enormous rise proved to be
insufficient, as I shall presently show, and wonld
certainly have been followed by new demands for
pro'ection, had not the small, but gal ant, S-ate I
represent, arrested its further progress—no, that is
not stroneh enough—brought the system to the
ground, against the resistance ot the Administra-
tion and Opposition—nevar, I trust, to ri*e again.
The faH disclosed by this brief historical sketch
is, that there is a constant tendency to increase in
the protee ive system; and that every increase of du-
ty, however high, requires periodically, after a
short interval, aa additions increase. This, ai I
have stated, is not accidental, but is the result of
ciu*es inherent in the system itself, in the' present
condition of*our country. It originates in «he fact,
fiat every increase of protection is necessarily fóí*
lowed by an expansion of the currency, wh.ch ex-
pansion must c( n'inue to enlarge lili the increased
price of production in cons quence shall become
equal to the increased duty, ana when the importa-
tion of the arteles prohibited may again take
place with profit. That is the principle: and as it
is essential io the p a-e and prosperity of toe coun-
try that it should be cleaily understood, 1 intend to
esablsh its truth beyond doubt or cavi; and for
that puipose, shil b*g n with ihe tariff ot '28, the
1 st and by far ihe bo (test ot the s« nes, wiih the
view of illustrating, in its case, the operation of the
principle, I ea>r ai the Senate to give me its fix"d
attention. The principle, well understood, will
shed a fl od of light on the past and present difficul-
ties of the country, and guide us in safety in our
future course.
To give a e'ear conception of the operation of
the tariff of 1828, it will be jtee*g¡ary to premise
that it comprehended all the leading arricies of
consumption that could be manufactured' in «ur
country; amounting in value to not much le s than
one-half ofthe whole of the imports; that the da-
ties on these articles were increased enormously,
as has been slated—say not Us  thanfuity or fifty,
per cent; that the average domestic exports at the
lime was not much short of sixty millions of dol-
lars, and the imports for consumption about the
same; that the revenue from ihe imports wa« about
half that sum^and that of the export s,abo«j£ thfee-
fourtlrs consisted of the great agricultural slajtos
of the South. What, then, with these facts, mttst1
have been its necessary operation; on the currency
of the manufacturing States? We export to im-
port. It is impossible to continue to export for
any considerable length ot time, without a corre-
sponding return of import*. It would be to give
away onr labor for nothing. Oar exports, then,
continuing at am average of sixty millions, in what,
u&der the operation of the tariff of 1828, must the
corresponding imports to the same amount return ?
Not, certainly, to the same extent as before its pas-
sage, in the articles on which it had so greatly
increased the duties ? Its object in raising them,
was to give oor-manufactures the home market  by
excluding the foreign articles of the same cfescnp^
tion. If it railed in that, it failed tn#ecomp*istiu>§
any good whatever, and became an nnmix«d e"il,
without benefit to any «no. The return, then,
of imports, must have been principally"1 articles
on which the duties were not raised, as far as me
consumption of the country would warrant, and
thebalaU*«iter P**   "** «if06£%*£
gold ano silver.   The fire* effect, then, must hay*
