Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
177
36th Cong.......1st Sess.
Repeal of the Salt Tax—Mr. Men.
Senate.
Iry__a region surpassed by none, taking into con-
sideration extent and fertility? Where will you
find sach an abundant supply of natural capital,
tbegi/t of a kind Providence; lands cheap, plenty
and fertile; water power unlimited; and the
supply of fuel, and the most useful of metal's
iron, almost without stint. It is true, in ac-
cumulated capital, the fruits of past labor,
through a long succession of ages, not equal to some
other coantries, but even in that, far from being
deficient, and to whatever extent deficient, would
be more than compensated by the absence of .ill
restrictions, and the lightness of the burden im-
posed on labor, should our Government, State and
General, wisely avail itself if the advantages
of our situation. If these views be correct, there
is no country where labor, if left to itself, free
from restriction, would be more effective, and
where it would command greater abundance of
every necessary and comfort, or higher wages;
and where, of course, protection is less needed. In-
stead of an advantage,it must, in fact,prove an impe-
diment. It is hich time,then, that the shackles should
be thrown off industry, and its burden lightened,
as far as the just wants of the Government may
possibly admit. We have arrived at the
manhood of out vigrr. Open the way—remove
all restraints—take off the swaddling cloth
that bound the limbs of infancy, and let the
hardy, intelligent and enterprising sons of New
England, march forth fearlessly to meet the world
in competition, and she will prove, in a few years,
the successful rival of old England. The foreign
market once commanded, all conflicts between the
different sections and industry of the country
would cease. It is better for us and yon, that our
cotton should go out in yarn and goods, than in
the raw state; and when that is dene, the interests
of all the parts of this great Confederacy—North,
East, South, and West—wiih every variety of its
pursuits, would be harmonized; but not till
men.
If the course of policy I advocate be wise as ap-
plied to manufactures, bow much more strikingly
so most it be when to the other two great interests
of that section, commerce and navigation? I pais
the former, and shall conclude what I intended to
say on this point, with a fewjremarks applicable
to the latter. Navigation (I mean that employed
in «or foreign trade) is essentially our outside
interest, exposed to the open competition of all the
world. It has met, and met successfully, the com-
petition of the lowest wages, not only without pro-
tection, bat with heavy burdens on almost every
article that enters into the onifit, the rigging, and
construction' of «ur noble vessels, the timber ex-
cepted. If, with such onerous burdens, it has met
in successful rivalry the navigation of all other
countries. What an impulse it would receive if the
load that bears down its springs were removed!
and what immense additions that increased im-
pulse would give, not only to our wealth; but to
the means of national influence and safety, where
only we can be felt, and in the quarter from which
only external danger is to be apprehended!
I have now, Mr. President, concluded what I
proposed to say, when I rose to address the Se-
nate. I have limited my remarks to the prominent
consequences, in a pecuniary and fiscal view,
which would result, should the scheme of assump-
tion be adopted. There are higher, and still more
important, consequences, which I have not at-
tempted to trace: I mean the effects, morally and
politically, as resulting from those which I have
traced, and presented to the Senate. This, I hope,
mav be done by some other Senator, in the course
of the discussion. But I have said enongh to show
that the scheme which these resolutions are intend-
ed to condemn, ought to be avoided a? the most
fatal poison, and the most deadly pestilence. It is,
m reality, but a scheme of plunder. Let blood be
lapped, and the apetite will be insatiable.
But the States are deeply in debt, and it may be
asked what shall be done? I know that they are
in debt—deeply in debt. I deplore it. Yes, in
debt, I am not afraid to assert it, in many instances,
for the most id'e projects, got up and pursued in
the most thoughtless manner. Nor am I ignorant
how deep pecuniary embarrassments, whether of
I*
States or individuals, blunt every feeling of honest
pride, and deaden the sense of justice; but, I do
trust, that there is not a member of this great and
proud Confederacy, fo lost to etery feeling of self-
respect and sence of justice, as to desire to charge
i's individual debts on the common fund of the
Union, or to impose them on ihe shoulders of its
more prudent associates; or, let me add, to dishonor
itself, and the name of an American, by refusing
to pay ihe foreigner what it justly ewes. Let the
indebted State? remember in time, that there is but
one honest mode of paying its debts; stop all further
increase, and impose faxes, to discharge
what they owe. Tnere is not a State, even
the most indebted, with the smallest resources,
that has not ample resources to meet
its engagements. For one, 1 pledge myself; South
Carolina is also in debt. She has ¿pent her thou-
sands in wasteful extravagance on one of the most
visionary schemes that ever entered into the head
of a thinking man. I dare say this even of her;
I, who on this floor stood up to defend her almost
alone against those who threatened her with fire
and sword, bnt who now are so squeamish about
State Rights as to be shocked to hear it asserted
that a State is capable of extravagant and wasteful
expenditures. Yes, I pledge myself that she will
pay punctually every dollar she owes, should it
take the last cent, without inquiring whether it was
spent wisely or foolishly. Should I .in this be by
possibility mistaken—should she tarnish her unsul-
lied honor, and bring discredit on our common
country, by refusing to redeem her plighted faith,
(which I hold impossible,) deep as is my devotion
to her, and mother as she is to me, I would disown
her.                            v                     f
REPEAL OF THE SALTTAX.
IN SJENATE
1840.
mmittee on Finance,
the following docu-
ties on salt and fishing
Friday, F$br
Mr. BENTON, frofa
to which had been freferi
ments connected with  }li
bounties:
1.  Thirty queries on the salt trade, and salt manufacture in
the West, addressed to his constituents by Mr. Benton of Mis-
souri, with their answers thereto, showing the monopoly, adul-
teration, deficient bushel, districted allowance, stinted quantity,
and extortionate price, of salt in Missouri, and the necessity of
the free admission of foreign salt.
2.  A communication from the Democratic State Convention
in Missouri; from the Hon. Mr. Miller of Missouri; from the Hon.
Mr. Chapman of Iowa; from Judge King of Missouri, shewing
the monopoly, adulteration, extortionate price, and other abuses
in the ealt trade; and the connection of several banks with the
said monopoly and abuses.
3.  A general statement ef the salt manufactories in the United
States and their products, and cost of their salt at their works;
with a particular account of the salt works in New England, In
New York, at the KoBawha, and on the Holston, in Virginia,
and of the import ef foreign salt at New Orleans.
4.  Statistics of salt, showing its localities, diffusion, abun-
dance, and universality; its various forms, both liquid and solid;
its different qualities; its manufacture; its cheapness of first
eost; its uses in the animal economy, in agriculture, in different
branches of rural economy, and in the useful arts; its vast con-
sumption; the tendency of monarchical governments to tax it
oppressively, both in ancient and in modern times; the repug-
nance of the people to the tax in all ages; its final abolition in
many countries; compiled from English, French, and American
Encyclopedias, and other authentic sources.
Reported the ¡>atne back to the Senate with a mo-
tion that they be printed.
Mr. TAPPAN said that, as the documents ap-
peared to be somewhat voluminous, and as it was
almost impossible for Senators to read all the mat-
ter that was ordered to be printed, he would like to
hear something as to their character and value, be
fore he gave his vote for printing.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said if it was not more
valuable than the bundle of trash printed at the
last session on the same subject, he should vote
against the printing. A more wasteful expendi-
ture of public money had never been made by any
legislative body, than was sanctioned by the Senate
in ordering that document to be printed.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama expressed his surprise
at the opposition made to the motion of the Senator
from Missouri. He, as the organ of a standing
commit'ee of this body, asks that certain papers,
which had been referred to themmight be printed for
the usa of the Senate. When a committee ask
for the printing of matter in relation to a subject
which they have before them, it is ordered as a
matter of course; and it was very unusual, if not
unprecedented, to oppose it. In regard to the salt
document which was ordered to be printed at the
last session, he considered it as one of great value;
one which opened up to a large portion of the com-
munity much valuable information, which, before
its publication, was beyon-l their reach. The num-
ber of that document which lell to the share of
each Senator was about two hundred, and these he
had readily distributed among his constituents, and
he could have distributed many mote with ad-
vantage.
Mr. DAVIS made some remarks in opposition
to the print ns?. As to one portion of them—those
relating to Ihe fishing bounties—he would, when
the subject properly fame before the Senate, show
that they did not depend on the duty on salt, but
rested on other considerations of great public in-
terest.
Mr. BENTON said the object of printing these
papers was apparent from a statement of their con-
tents; it was to enable the Senate to act with effect
on the great subject of getting rid of the salt mo-
nopoly in the West, and reducing the fishing boun-
ties and allowances in proportion to the reduction
of the duty on salt on which they were founded.
The salt monopoly of the West was the offspring
of the salt lax, and was an injury of several mil-
lions of dollars per annum to the agriculture and
rural economy of the West; the fishing bounties
and allowances now amounted to 0320,000 per
annum, almost thV whole of which was unduly
drawn from the Treasury, and much of it illegally.
He was almost the only —perhaps the only—mem-
ber of Congress, who had arraigned this abuse,
and he begged for a clear stage and fair play. He
wanted his facts printed, and he wduld answer for
the result. He said the fishing bounties and allow-
ances had taken seven millions of dollars from the
Treasury: they had received forty-six millions of
bushe's of salt free of duty, while the Western
people suffered a cruel monopoly in that article,
which led to extortionate prices, false measure,
adulterated quality, stinted quantity, and every
conceivable abuse; and all this connected with
banking. He joined issue with the Senator from
Majsachu'e'ts, [Mr. Davis,] on the salt tax and
the fishing bounties and allowances; and would
show that they were founded upon the salt tax, and
ought to fall with it; and that they were not granted
as an encouragement to a seaman's nursery.
Mr. TAPPAN said he had long been satisfied
with the nece.s ty of a repeal of the duty on salt,
and would go as far a* any Senator to effect it.
His purpose in objecting to the printing of these
papers was to get some information as to their cha-
racter and value, and he was now satisfied that
they ought to be printed. No man estimated more
highly the services of the Senator from Missouri,
not enly in relation to this subject, but many others
of grest importance to the people of this country,
than he did, and none felt higher admiration for the
talents and energies which he had devoted to their
accomplishment.
Mr. ALLEN said that the salt document for-
merly printed by or ler of the Senate, undoubtedly
contained, as has been stated, some matter which
enlarged its size, without a corresponding increase
of its value. Yet, it certainly embraced much im-
portant information, before unknown to the coun-
try. I do not now remember what number of it
was allotted to each Senator, but, on my return
home, I was astonished to find that it had already
so generally excited the attention of the people,
and their desire to obtain it, that those received by
me werj insufficient to supply the demand. I
shall, therefore, vote for the printing of these pa-
pers, being, as they are, of a kindrfd character.
But, sir, I regret not this opposition to the motion,
inasmuch as n has drawn from the mover [Mr.
Benton] a speech fraught with information, ex-
tracted, m advance, from the papers, and which
will thf better prepare the public mind for the pa-
pers themselves.
Of two things, sir, no úoubt can exist: nrst,
that salt is, to the whole body of the nation, an ao-
solute necessary of life; and secondly, that its pro-
duction and sale ^^S^SS^SSÍ
raen, in many sections, if not mrou^                     ,
who stint the quantity produced, in order to en-
