Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
S6th Gong-«««1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Sevier.
Senate.
the States by Congiess, shortly after the adoptiou
of the Federal Constitution; and the other, of ihe
deposite of the surplus revenue with the States in
1836, are not such cases, in my estimation, as war-
rant the just conclusion that Congress ever did as-
sume or pay the debts of ihe States, or any of them
wnich were con'racted for local purposes. In regará
to the first of these, I will state that if I have
properly understood the nature  of those   debts,
they   were debts of that character which Con-
gress would now pay, with perhaps less division
of sentiment than there was upon that question at
the time it  was  done.   These debts   were con-
tracted, not for  local or State purposes, not for
private banking  or local internal improvements,
but for the common defence. They were contracted
by our ancestors in ihe prosecution of the war of
the Revolution; ihey were contracted by them in
resisting the tyranny of George the Third, after they
had manfully   thrown   off their  allegiance, and
boldly defied his power.   They were contracted in
sus'aining  themselves in the sanguinary struggle
which ensued, in warring against his tri op% his lo-
ries, his  foreign mercenaries, and savage allies;
they were contracted for such purposes as  these,
out of which have sprung our  p ilitical and reli-
gious freedom, our greatness and glory, and our
beloved country itse'f.   Thefe were debts not of a
local character, nor we-e they paid in violation of
either the letter or spirit of the Constitution.
In regard to the deposite of the surplus revenue
with the States in 1836, or of a d-stnbution of the
surplus revenue win the States, at any time,
(which I concede with the Senator from Missouri,
for all practical purposes,) to be one and the same
ihing, I have to say that 1 consider the deposite, or
distribution of the surplus revenue with the States
in 1836, was neither a payment by Congress of ihe
debts of the States, nor was it so intended, nor
was it unconstitutional. And this leads me to con-
sider the nature of the relations subvisiing between
the State and Federal Governments.
The Federal Government is not, as has been al-
leged in this debate, the parent, but is the child, or
offspring, of the State?. The Federal Government
has no progeny over whom to exercise its solici-
tude, its sympathies, or its cares. It is a trjst
Government, who^e objects and powers are defined
and enumerated in the Constitution; and for many
valuable purposes, for the Benefit of all the States,
this Government has been invested by the States
with valuable incomes; and among these are the re-
venues arising from the customs, and from the sales
of the public lands. Well, sir, should it so happen,
that this trust ir Federal Government shon'd, from
these sources, or from any other, get into its pos-
session more money than was needed for the fnll
accomplishment of every object entrusted to it by
the Constitution, and should have a surplus re-
maining in its possession, after those objects were
consummated, what shall be done with this sur-
plus? Whose money is it? Shall the agent fob it,
or return it to its principals, from the pockets of
whose peop'e it was received? Sir, in a case of
this sort, it seems to me that justice and common
honesty alike require that it should be returned, in
the most equitable manner it could be done, to those
from whom it was received; and in doing this, I
cm see no violation of the Constitu'ion; no germs
of consolidation, or destruction to Sate sove-
re gnty or independence. No, sir; I can see in this
no such hideous monsters, so much to be dreaded.
Bat, sir, I|im arguing an extreme case—a contin-
gency, to say the least of it, which I consider very
remote and improbable; and one, I will add, which
I hope never to see existing in this country. I
rnpe never to see existing in this" country the ab-
surd, expensive, and ruinous policy of raising a
surplus by collecting uxes from the people, with
the intention of paying ihote taxes back to the peo-
ple again. Whatever may be the specious reasons
urged in its justification, I would prevent this; I
would avoid it, by giving to the Federal Govern-
ment not a farthing more than was absolutely ne-
cessary for the consummation of the great purposes
lor which it was created. If I saw too much money'
accumulating in its vaults, I would lower the im-
post duties, and the' price of the public lands;
and  if necessary tí accomplish this object,  I'
would abolish duties to the proper extent, and
gire away the lands. I would remedy the evils of
a surplus in this manner; and if I failed to accom-
plish it, and, in spite of me, there would be a sur-
plus, I would give it back to the States, to dispose
of according to their will and pleasure—in making
banks, or internal improvement*, er in any thing
else. I would give it back to the States uncondi-
tionally.
But, sir, we are not contending how we shall d:s-
pese of a surplus revenue, for we have none to
dispose of.   We are considering the propriety of
raising a revenue for the purpose of paying the
debts of the States, or of assuming them, which
will produce the same result.   And this leads me,
Mr. President, to consider the manner and means
of raising this revenue.   How shall we raise it?
Shall we raise it by  direct taxation?   Sir, that
wou'd be idle talk.   No one amotg us is bold
enough for such a proposition.   Shall we raise it
by increasing the price of the lands?   No, sir: I
fancy not.   Ii is known to all of us, that such a
proposition   would be met  and resisted   at the
threshold in the ne* States, with as much firmness
and determination and perseverance, and, if neces-
sary, to the same extent, that their ancestors re-
sisted the stamp duties and the tea tax.   What,
then, remains from which we can raise this reve-
nue?   The tariff, that universal panacea for every
pecuniary complaint; and are we prepared to in-
crease the duties for suih a purpose?   Is the coun-
try ripe, in this peried of universal embarrassment,
for the renewal of high duties—of that odious and
exploded system of traffic, plunder and oppression,
which has proved so fatal to every interest of our
common country; and that, too, for the sole pur-
pose of dividing among the States?
What has the distinguished Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] shown you? He has
shown the Senate, 1 ihit.k, most conclusively, lhat
high duties ara alike fatal to the agricultural, the
shipping, the planing, and manufacturing interests.
He has, to my mind, most satisfactorily accounted
for our present and past difficulties, which we all
grievously feel and have felt; but which many of
us befoie were unable to trace, or correctly account
"for. A high protective tariff, he has most conclu-
sively shown to be the main cause of our embar-
rassment*!. I will not weaken, by repeating his
argument; but I refer to it, and, with bis permis-
sion, will adopt its principles for my own. And
here let me entreat every farmer, planter, navi-
gator, merchant, manufacturer, and mechanic to
read aad understand that argument, and then tell
me, if he is prepared for inflicting the scourge of * !
mgh tariff upon the country; and yet¿ Mr. Presi-
dent, it must be done if we assume the debts of the
States. We can pay these debts in no other way'
that I know of.
And this br'ngs me, Mr. Pres'dent, to the consi-
deration oí the second question I propose to consi-
der; and that is, ought we to divide the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands among the several
Siates? As well might we, Mr. President, as the
Senator from Missouri has most truly stated, divide
the proceeds of the customs. In my view, one of
them is just as constitutional and as unexceptiona-
ble as the other. Wherever we have power to
give land, we can give money also, and vice vena.
I know of no distinction; and yet I might often be
willing to give land where I would not give money;
for the best of ad reasons, because I might often have
land to give, when I had no money to spare *, but I
can give ne ther, unless for a constitutional object.
And to show the fallacy of this popular error,
as I conceive it to be, about the lands, let
us go back to the early history of oar conn-
try, and we will find that so, early as 1777,
a little over a year after the declaration of
our Independence, the subject of the public lands
claimtd the earnest attention of the States, and
presented a formidable obstacle to their harmoni-
ous action. The claim of "Virginia to all the waste
lands, lying between certain lines, exten ling from
the Atlantic to the South sea, and of North Caro-
lina and Georgia', from the Atlantic front-to the
Misstssrpp't Tiverf lands which were waste, uncul-
tivated and unsettled, by any other than by Indian
tribes, wa  * fruitful source of jealousy and disJ
cord to many of the State , and particularly so to
Maryland, Rhode Island, and New Jersey. The
complaining States saw and felt that if Virginia
and the other States should ho'd all the lands they
claimed, it would give to those large States, a pre-
ponderating and dangerous influence in the con-
federacy. They insisted, that their safety required
that these large Siates should be restricted to
proper and reasonable boundaiies, and that all
be) ond should be made into free and independent
States, wen  the same powers and privileges of the
others. And these complaining Slates were r glit
in their views; were justifiable in their jealously,
and are entitled to all praise for insisting upon their
object, until it was finally accomplished. This
wa* not all. The complaining States treated the
high pretensions of the others with very little gravi-
ty. They represented the waste, unpatented, and
unoccupied lands, as crown lands, and as s\ich,
subject to the hazard of the Revolution, and if con-
quered of the monarch to whom they belonged,
snould righ'fully be considered as the joint ipoil of
the victors. I will nut take up the timéof the Senate
in tracing this interesting subject, from 1777 to the
fir*t cession of these waste lands to the United
States by New York in 1781, and by the seveial
•ther States thereafter; for in this, I have been
anticipated by my ab'e friend from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hubbard.]
I will only add to his remarks, that these several
cessions were made expressly to produce harmony
and tranquillity among all the States. To quiet all
their apprehensions, Virginia ceded all her lands,
northwest of the Ohio river, to the United States;
and in doing so, she carved out the ceded country,
according to the wishes of all, into separate parcels,
so as to make not less than three, nor more than
five, new States, aud then stipulated, lhat the
ceded lands " should be disposed of for the use
and benefit of the United States according to their
respective proportions of charge and expenditure, and
far no other use or purpose whatsoever.'''' All of these
cessions, with perhaps the exceptions of Georgia
and North Carolina, were made prior to the adop-
tion of the Federal Constitu ion. And has that
instrument altered the terms of these cessions in
any respect whatever? The Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] has told us that the adoption of
the Federal Constitution has changed the nature
and terms of these cessions. He tells us that, prior
to the adoption of the FeeVral Constitution,
Congress apportioned out among the States the
sums that were needed for the common defence,
«fee. and that these apportioned sums were raised
by the States individually, by a direct tax upon
their lands and improvements, and that, aa that
sysiem^f raisiog a revenue Tor the common de-
fence, Ac. was repealed by the adoption of the
Federal Constitution, he atgues, that the terms of
the cessions were abolisl ei, or repealed, also by the
Cons i tut ion. In this we differ. I am no lawyer,
or rather á very poor one, but it seems to me, that th 
constitution could not have «hanged the terms of the
cessions made to the United States by Georgia and
North Carolina, because those cessions wer* made
to the United States by those States, subsequent to
the adoption of the Federal Constitution; and that
the terms used by those States, are precisely «he
terms used by Virginia in her cession prior to that
period. Bat take the argument of the honorable
Senator, and what does it amount to? It amounts
ro th s, as I most humbly bonoeirei that, if the
terms of the cessions of those lands were repealed
or abrogated by the Constitution, they become pub-
lic property, belonging to the United States, un-
hampeied by conditions; or else, as hundreds have
inferred from the Senator'* premises, they be-
come the exclusive property of the States, with*
in whose limits the lands lie. Welt, wr, if ihey
have become the property of the United States* «*•
hampered by conditions, by a repeal of the! teraaxrf
the cessions, what right has the Senator .Wnliiñd*
those lanes, or meir proceeds, wtatab te^tne «« •
thing, more than he basto divide ■«*<*% «h** 1" 
any other public prorwM «r *©n*^**«* «**f *?
mtheTteasuryl NO*% *&** * •  «*** • «*
Well, *ir, «aprx.se «^«^«^Jf^ „,~
those lands Sew «ME**.' * **•*■■*'**
ere, and ih*«B*#£5¡^TO«^0,re*tf<*
,.:   .:*v         ■ . r-Vi,     iOJ  ".
-.-£3 na'J" ;'-<4- ^       '• •'       !
