184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
26th Cong«««'1st Sbss.
State Debts—Mr. Sevier.
Senate.
elusive right to those lands, by that repeal; whose
lands are they? If this be true, l answer that those
lands belong to the States where the lands lie, and
as such, that we have no right to divide them
out among the oiher States. We have no
right to divide them in any view of the question.
If the terms of those cessions are in force, we have
no right to divide them, because we cannot do so
according to the terms of our contract. If the terms
ef those cessions are repealed, the repeal is not
partial, but total, and the lands revert back to those
who ceded them; and if so, the other States have
no right to a portion of them, or else they be-
long to the new States, where they lie; and,
in that event, the other Slates have no right to any
part of them.
These are the difficulties the Senator's premises
would lead us into. And all these difficult es will
be avoided by regarding them, as they have uni-
formly been regarded, as subject to all ihe terms of
the compact. The only clause in the Constitution
upon the subject of those lands is, "that Congress
shall have power to dispose of, and make all need-
ful rules and regulations respecting, the territory
and other property of the United States; and no-
thing in this Constitution shall be so construed at to
prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any
particular Slate." As this is all that we find in the
Constitution upon the subject of the public land, I
infer that neither any claims to those lands by the
United Slates, (which claims rest upon|cessions to
it by the States,) or of any claim upon them by any
particular State, is not only not repealed, but is
yet in full force and effect; and that no law of ours,
violating in any manner either of those claims,
can be either jast or constitutional. And what is
our compact? We agree to dispose of those lands
for the common good—"according to the respective
proportions of charge and expenditure, and for no
other purpose." How else can we dispose of those
lands for the common benefit, according to the
charge and expenditure of the several States, but
by selling the lands, and placing the proceeds of
the sales in the common Treasury, and then by pay-
ing it out for the current expenses of the Govern-
ment, and (as the honorable chairman has most
truly stated in his report) in this way, lessen the
general charge upon the people of the several
States, in the exact proportions stipulated in the
compact? Can you dispose of these lands in any
other manner, without doing injustice to some one of
the States? By adhering to the good old praci ice.which
we have been following for fifty years, we shall
do equal justice to all parties, give just cause
of complaint to none, and at the same time comply
with the letter and spirit of our contract. And
where is the just ground of complaint against this
system? Do we not all get our equal proportion of
the proceeds of those lands in the way of an equal
diminution of our common budiens? It is not so,
says the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay.] He
says that those residing on the Atlantic pay a great
deal more into the Treasury than those residing in
the interior. Now, sir, 1 will not wrangle with
that distinguished Senator about this assumption.
Admit his distinction, that a citizen of New York
or Maryland consumes more of dutiable articles
than a citizen of Kentucky or Ohio; does it follow
from this that a citizen of the former State is less
benefited by a reduction of duties than are the ci-
tizens of the latter States? I think not. If you,
Mr. President, buy two coats, and I buy but one,
off of the same piece of cloth, is it not right and
proper that you should pay into the Treasury, for
that privilege, dcuble as much as I should? I think
so. And if the duty on it is reduced one-half, are
you not as much benefited by it as I am, being in
the proportion of two to one? Certainly. Suppose
we take from the common Treasury three millions
of dollars, which the lands yield every year, and
divide this sum among the States; would not this
three millions have to be made up by a duty npon
something else? Certainly. And pray, then, in
what respect are the citizens of any State the gain-
ers by it? Suppose Arkansas should receive twenty
' or thirty thousand dollars from the Federal Trea-
sury, which would be her part of the proceeds of
the public lands; does she not have to return it by
way of doty or ta* opon something; else? This can-
not be denied. What, then, has she gained by it?
Nothing. And if she came out of this mat-
ter even and without loss it would not be
so bad; but she would not. She would
have to pay the expense of this transfer and
retransfer, besides the risk of loss through faithless
at>ents. To make my illustration still more clear:
the Secretary has told us that he will require every
dollar he can get into the Treasury from the cus-
toms and the lands, and all other sources, to meet
the ordinary charges of the Government during the
present year; and yet, in the face of this, we take
from the Treasury three millions to divide among
the States. Will not these three millions have to
be made up by a taxation upon something? It is
too plain for argument. I ask Senators, then, what
we gain by it? If I pay a dollar into the Treasu-
ry, it is the same thing to me whether I pay it as a
poll tax, a land tax, or a tariff tax. My dollar is
gone for taxes, and that is enough for me to know;
and I am unable to see why I should be under very
great obligations to the honorab'e Secretary, by be-
ing informed by him, that out of a spirit of libe-
rality to me, he will return me my poll tax dollar,
which is considered an odious tax, and collect ano-
ther dollar from me off ef my land or cup of coffee.
Sir, the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay]
says that he will not urge his bill to divide the land
revenue among the States at this session, on ac-
count of the impoverished condition of the Treasu-
ry. And yet he thinks it might be safely done
now, if proper retrenchments and reforms were
made. And, with that boldness and frankness
which ever distinguishes him, he comes out like a
man, and does not, like many of his party, bellow
about retrenchment and reform, without telling us
what retrenchments and reforms should be made.
He puts bis finger upon the objects, and tells us
what are the retrenchments and reforms which
should be made. He tells us the army should be
reduced, and particularly the two regiments which
we lately added to it. He tells us that our diplo-
matic intercourse should be circumscribed, and
that many of our foreign ministers or agents should
be recalled. Sir, if the Senator had not told us
what retrenchments and reforms he would have
made, I confess that I never should have guessed
the ones he has enumerated.
Sir, I am opposed to the retrenchments or re-
forms the Senator designates. I consider our ar-
my sufficiently small already, and would sooner
vote for an increase than a diminution of it. We
have an Indian frontier extending from Red river
to St. Peters, from Texas to Canada, upon which
we must keep up garri ,ons, if we would suffi-
ciently protect our citizens in that quarter. I sup-
pose nearly half the army of the United States are
now stationed on that frontier, and I am satisfied
that there is not a soldier too many in that quar-
ter for an efficient peace establishment. We have
a war now raging in Florida, and the Committee
on Military Affairs have reported a bill, which is
now on our table, asking us for one or two thou-
sand more men to carry on the Florida War. We
know that troops are required on the frontiers of
Maine ¡and do we expect to take and keep pos-
session of our possessions on the Pacific without
troops or an army? Sir, of all things in the world
which any honorable Senator would designate as
a reform, I was the least prepared to hear, in these
times of danger, on all sides, that a reduction of
the army was considered as one of them; nor was
I prepared for the other he has named; which is to
recall some of our foreign ministers or agents, and
leave our commerce, our ships, our sailors, exposed
to loss or danger. And why, Mr. President, should
these reforms rake place? They should take place,
that we might have the power to divide among the
States a miserable, pitiful, land revenue. Sir, I
fear that if we once embarked in this policy of
dividing the land or any other revenues among the
States, that a reduction of the army, and the de-
struction of our fleets, would not be the only re-
forms. We should see the number swelled at
every session, until we should have nothing left
which is worth preserving. But these are not the
only ways and means by which the honorable Se-
nator would be enabled to get at the land revenue
for distribution among the States.   He tells us he
would lay a duty upon silks, wines, coffee, and
other luxuries. Now, sir, I am not in the habit of
hunting up and reading the speeches of honorable
Senators, for the purpose of finding an unguarded
expression to cavil at, or to find fault with him for
using. I generally rely, for the occurrences of my
own times, upon my memory; and unless that
greatly deceives me, the anxiety of the Senator to
get this land revenue for distnbtion has changed
his whole tariff policy. I was in the Senate,
though not then a member of it, when the compro-
mise act, as it is called, was discussed. And if I
am not mistaken, the Senator was among the fore-
most in advocating a reduction of duties upon
silks, &c. His leading wishes then were, to save
our poor, but industrious worthy manufacturers.
And if I remember aright, he then was for taking
off the duty upon silks, that his countrywomen
might be enabled to dress out in silks on Sundays.
But now we hear nothing of the inviolability of
the compromise act. Nothing of the poor manu-
facturers, nothing of silk dresaes, &c. No, sir, the
land distribution project, and an impoverished
Treasury, have changed all these calculations. The
compromise act is to be violated by its author, and
his country girl is t3 give up her silks, and go back
to her cast-off calicoes and domestics.
Sir, I will not take up the time of the Senate,
in discussing, at this time, the propriety of laying
on a duty upon silk?, wines, coffee, &c. I will
only say these are important interests of a great
country, who purchase to a great extent the cotton
of my constituents, and that I am for no hasty
action upon (hese subjects, until I can clearly as-
certain what effect these duties may have upon
our treaties and upon the cotton trade.
Mr. President, I have been frequently asked why
I was opposed to the land distribution policy, which
was so beneficial to the new States, and particularly
to the weaker and younger States. We propose,
they say, to give you a great advantage in the di-
vision; say ten or twelve per cent. This, I con-
fess, seems to be a pretty liberal offer; and as I am
not generally in the habit of declining favors of-
fered to my State, it is necessary that I should say
something upon this apparently strange inconsis-
tency; and I will not be so uncandid as to have the
Senate believe that I decline this distribution on
account of its inequality to the old States.
[Mr. Buchanan. No one will ever accuse you
of that ]
Nobody would believe me if I were to assign
such a reason, and, therefore, I will not urge it
upon the Senate.
I decline the offer, because I consider the true
policy of the new States consists in their rapid set-
tlement and improvement, and that nothing will so
greatly advance their ends as pre-emption rights,
and a graduation or reduction in the price of the
public lands; and that nothing I ever heard of, in
my opinion, is so well calculated to retard the
settlement and improvement of the new States as
the distribution policy. Let that policy once be
adopted, and we shall never after hear of pre-
emptions and graduations. For where did we ever
see an advocate for distribution that ever voted for
a pre-emption or graduation bill? He who runs
may read their course. They care less for the set-
tlement, improvement and prosperity of the new
States, than they do for the hard dollars they can
wring from them for the lands. Let the distribu-
tion policy once become the settled policy of the
country, and the old States will become the land-
lords to the new; and we should find them about as
unwilling as other landlords are to make any al-
lowances for sickness, or bad seasons, or short
crops, when quarter day came round. We shonld
have to raise the cash, or be driven into the woods.
We should find the unrepealed, but obsolete, law
of Congress enforced against us We should find
ourselves indicted if we cut a hooppole upon thcr
hills, or shot a deer in their lordly domains.
Now, sir, I am unwilling to place my constituents
on any such condition.
Sir, we of the new States occasionally turn our
eyes to the condition of our country, and to the
proceedings of Congress, and we see that the citi-
zens of the old States have had their burdens di-
minished, and that they are still diminishing, by
