190
appendix To The congressional globe.
Feb. 1840.
26th Cono....1st Sess.
tol and cast down my armor, and have done that
which I had never done before the enemies of the
country—I would have turned my back upon the
service. I ask, on behalf of these brave men, if
the Administration is to be charged with imbecility jj
and mismanagement, that gentlemen would do it I
directly; and nit strike at it through them.               I'
[Mr.  Biddle here asked Mr. Howard lo give ¡I
way for an explanation ]                                         Í
Mr.  Howard.     I remember a colleague   of   '
mine, [Mr. Wick,] when he asked a similar in-
dulgence, was shown no favor.    He was told, " if
you are net conscious of having abused the courtesy
of the Housev withdraw the motion," [a motion   I
which he had made to lay the subject on the table;]
and this expression, too, came from the amiable
gentleman   from   Pennsylvania,   [Mr.   Biddle.]
Though I have not the pleasure of an intimate
personal acquaintance with that gentleman, yet I ,
know enough of him to believe he regarded him- ;
self within parliamentary mag-; but it must also j
be said that his conduct  was parliamentary seve- {
iliy, especially when it is remembered that my col-
league was on the floor for the first time.   I shall
leave the way open for the gentleman to obtain the
floor, or I would yield it now.
I shall say nothing further en the Floiida war,
only to insist that we ought not ineidenta'ly to dis-
cuss those measures of the Administration which,  ; j
from their nature and importance, are entitled to a .
direct consideration.                                                !
Before, however, I touch the principal matter j!
now the subject of debate, I owe it to an honoiable :
gentleman from New York [Mr. Hoffman] to pay
a just respect to some remarks which ieil from
him, in reference to the recent election* in Indiana,
for which he has kindly undertaken to account.
Mr. Speaker, why does that gentleman call in
question the decision of Indiana in regard to her
delegation in Congress? Has he the right to
interrogate her on that subject?                            I
.   I remember, sir, sometime since, a band of Con-   \
fenwiiecs here, who, when the President in his mes-   ¡
sage referred to certain causes, as having led to
political changfs in New York, were thrown into
paroxisms ot indignation, because  the  President
bad chosen to speak of these changes of opinion,
and their causes.   Wtlli what have we now?   A
member of Congress questioning a soveieign State
on the subject of her choice of Representatives.
It may be that the people of Indiana ought to have
chosen the friends of the gentleman, instead of
those they have sent here.   In truth, sir, he seems   ¡
tobe marvellously well acquainted with our do-   i
mestic affairs.   The names of village paper¿ and  j
tht ir contents are as well known to him as if he
had travelled through that region—better known to  !
him than to myself, though I am recently from  :
Indiana.                                                                j
[Here Mr. Proffit said he had given the gen- !
tleman from New York his information.]                 i
But the hon< rabie gentleman from New York  i
has kindly informed us that it was the Cumberland ¡.
road on which ihe elecions of that State turned;
and that his friends failed on the ground of their
supposed hostility to the measure, or their ineffi-
ciency in pressing the subject on the notice of Con-  !
gress.    Whilst I enter a protestando, as the lawyers  |
say, against his right to inquire into this subject, I
will say to him, that so far as one district of that   j
State is concerned,   his inftrmation is not well   {
founded.   In regard to other gentlemen, I pretend  ¡j
n«t to gpeak,haviDghad a competitor that gave me
as much as I desired to attend to, without lo king
into the canvass in other sections of the State.
Rarely was the subject of the Cumberland road   !
mentioned   by either my competitor or myselt.   j
We discussed other topics: the Sub-Treasury; the   )
United States Bank; the merits of the late and pre-
sent Administrations, and especially the charges
made against them of fraud, corruption, and ex-
travagance.   In seventy-five addresses which I de-
livered, these were the subjects I discussed.   And
here I would  no'ice  a remark  of the  honora-
ble gentleman   from   Pennsylvania,   [Mr.   Bid-
JH4E-]    Be charged  the Executive with making
«a attentpt to bring into public odium the Congress
of the United States, by avoiding the responsibility
of submitting estimates of expenditure, and then
Cvmderland Road—Mr. Howard.
charging the extravagance of the Government upon
this boily. Sir, there is another view of this sub-
ject, wheh I will bring to that gentleman's notice.
What has been the charge urged against the Admi-
nistration in all the Opposition presses of the country,
and by gentlemen on this floor? It has been that of
extravagance and prtflicaey in expenditure, on the
part of the Executive. The course which I took
on this subject was not that now asenbed to the party
to which I belong. I, sir, it is true, showed the
estimates when this charge was brought against
the Administration, during the canvass—but did I
stop here? No, sir; I went into the details; showed
the objects of expenditure, and that both parties
had voted the appropriations in Congress. In this
manner, sir, I defended the party to which the gen-
tleman belong*, as well as the Administration. If
I had stopped wi h showing the estimates, I would
have been justly chargeable with being a dema-
gogue, and unworthy of addressing a popular as-
sembly. But, when the honorable gentleman is
defending this body against public odium, why is
he not also made sensible of another effort which
must have fallen within his observaron? Has he
rot heard of the " office holders' party,"—the
"spoils patty,"—and other simi'ar expressions?
Why, sir, if an assemblage of citizens, although it
may consist of farmers, is held for the purpose of
political discussion, or organization, and they hap-
pen to be favorable to the Administraiion, ihey go
away branded in every Opp< stiion print as the
" spoils party,"—the " office holders' party,"—and
with such other denunciatory epithets as are ever
ever ready to drop from the lips of the partisan.
Dees the gentleman fee nothing in all this calcu-
lated to array the people, as such, against the con-
stituted authorities, and to bring into di.'repute our
institutions thsmselve;-? I would be gratified to
find that these facts should make a suiable impres-
fion on the minds of honorable gentlemen here.
But,dir, there is one consolatory reflection, and that
is, that denunciation from any quarter does not
piss with the people for tiuth. The mass of the
people seek this on every great qusstion, and he
who goes before them for public favor, unless
armed with truth, although he may have a tempo-
rary triumph, ninst ultimately fail. The honora-
ble gentleman f,om New York seems, in his re-
marks on this subject, to have resemb'ed a mari-
ner whose bark had been thrown bft,veen the
the counter currents of two contending seas. He
would be pleased to favor thJs road, and yet he is
unwilling to vote on this subject until he can hear
" from the palace "—until he can learn the views
of the President.
Sir, suppose this arsumrnt had come frcm some
friend of the Administration—what would we
hear? That its author was a "palace slave." It
would be said that there was an effort to make
this House subservient to the President upon the
great subject of expenditure. We, Mr. Speaker,
are the guardians of the public treasure; and in
appropriating it our inquiry should be, nt t whether
the President or Secretary ha^ recommended the
appropriation, but whether it is called for by the
public service. In doing this, we act on our «um
responsibility; and I, sir, as one, will be found
voting upon every question of appropriation, upon
my own convictions of the necessity of the expén-
dame called for, without being governed by esti-
ma'es.
In the progress of this discussion, my attention
was attrae'ed by some remarks which fell from an
honorable gentleman from Maine, [Mr.'PARRts,]
I am please to find that he has had túe good taste
not to include in his published speech all the re-
marks which were delivered by him on ibis floor.
[Mr. Parris explained. He said he did not
write out his remarks, nor correct them, and had
no wish to be answerable for his speech in any
other form than that in which it was delivered.]
I regret it, sir, (said Mr. H.) for I had honed
that some of the offensive remark  made by that
gentleman on yesterday, had been left out of the
ptinted report by his direction. Did he know,
when he was assailing the Western people, he was
assailing his own countrymen? What viere we
told? "That those who come here to ask for this
appropriation were squatters and pillagers of the
H. of Reps.
public lands." If these expressions could be con-
fined to these walls, I should not regard it ntces-
sary to answer them; but when I remember that
epithets habitually applied to individuals or nations
give character, I feel bound at cme to me?t the
injurious imputations implied i:i the language of
that gentleman. What is ihe idea of the tureignsr
when he hears the settlers of the West character-
ized as squatters and pillagers of the public do-
main? If I were to suppose what it would be,
from the expressiens of gentlemen here, 1 should
conclude that an Eastern gentleman desirous of
emigrating Westward, would esteem it necessary
to provide himself with traps, snares, and the like,
ana when he should g;t fete to use what, in the
western part of North Carolina, they call a dead-
fall, in order to catch and clear the country of
squatter , and render it habitable for civilized man.
For the information of that gent'eman, I will
tell him that the squatters of the West walk erect,
are possessed of the ordinary principles of huma-
nity, governed and influenced by the like motives
principles and feelings, as ourselves, fearing but
little else than the God that made them. They
have not, nor do they pre,end t> have, all the po-
lish of the older communities of the East; but
there is a s'erling integrity and manly energy about
them, indicative of ihe excellence, and strength,
and relative weight they are de*t ntd to possess as
a part of this great empire.
Does the gentleman want to read their h'story?
Let him go to the Reck of Plymouth. Why is it
that New England performs her centennial pi'gnm-
age to that spot, rendered sacred by the landing
of the pilgrim father*? They had no tille to the
ground on which they first pitched their tents. It
was the soil of the red man—of the stranger.
They came, actuated by the noblest feelings; they
came in pursuit of liberty and equality; like the
Western pioneer, they came to better their condi-
tion, and find that in the great West, that th; Oid l
World denied them.
Sir, it sounds strangely to hear a descendant of
the pilgrim fathers speak dispatagingly of the settlers
of the West, who, like them, have gone to a new
land to encounter its hardships, and its dangers,
and open up the way to the onward progress of
civilization, carrying along wi>h them all our in-
stitutions. We are all pioneers, and the deseen lan:s
of pioneers, and are governed by the same spirit.
We want room, and we step wotward; the hunts-
man to find game, and the cultivator of the earth
to find whereon to raise the plenteous means of sub-
sistence. In doing this, the settler has ever been
the outpost; the guard of the interior settlements, and
saved them from the tomahawk and scalping knife
of the savage. The «ame principle which prompts—
the same necessity which urges, the lab >ring man
to find a home in the wilderness of the West,
governs us all; men of all conditions and profes-
sions.
Mr. Speaker, I must be allowed to apply this
principle to my own profession. A young man
whose father has given him a good education, and
good morals, sets out for the far West, having
spent some time in acquiring a profesión. He
arrives at cne of oar county towns, wish purse
exhausted, and coat threadbara. He goes to a
Western inn, and $oon strikes a bargain with the
landlord, the substance of which is, that he is to
sle ep under the tavern keeper's rt of, eat at bis table, j
and to pay him for these benefits, when he shall
be able to make the money by h;s profession. He
commences the practice of the law, and in a short
time gaius a stiongholdon the affections of the
people, and a still stronger on the good will of the
daughter of some substantial farmer. He marries,
becomes a useful citizen, and not unfrequently  
squatter in this hall as a member of Congress.
Sir, I see such men all around me.
But this occupation of tho public lands is not on-
ly sanctioned by the conduct of our fathers, and
our whole people : it has also the sanction of law.   J
What has the Government done ?   I answer.it has  1
done that which should eommand the approbation I
of all good men.   For the last forty years, it has I,
told the pioneers of the West to "Go on—occupy I i
the lands—we will provida for yon, and protect    ¡
yon in the enjoyment of the fruits of ycur labor."    i
