Feb. 184Ó.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
26th Cong««"1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Howard.
H. of Reps.
I have some acquaintance wiih the character of
those who, under these assurances of the Govern-
ment, now occupy the public lands. I have tra-
velled amongst them, partaken of their hospitali-
ty, and witnessed with emotion the comfort, the
intelligence, and the virtue, to be found in every
dwelling. We find there citizens from all quarters
—Virginia, Nor.h Carolina, New York, Pennsyl-
vania, New England; all have their representatives,
besides individuals from most of the other States.
One of the finest libraries that I saw during my
canvass for a seat here, was in a neighborhood ef
settlers. It is ihere that I have seen the father be-
coming the priest of hi* honsehold, his dwelling
his only place of worship; and, with the Bible in
the hands of his children, teaching them the evi-
dence of its precepts—offering up in the spirit of
devotion his thankgivings to the God of bis fa-
thers, and imploring, in Christian humility,the con-
tinuance of His blessings:
Sir, the pioneer has not yet performed bis office.
Do gentlemen desire to know when the settler will
cease to press forward? I will tell them. When
the labors of a Cushing, a Linn, and a Flo^d of
Virginia shall be crowned with success, by fi'ling
up the great valley of the Oregon wiih settlers—
squatters if you please, of ADglo-Saxon blood—
then, and not tillthen.will the tide of Western emi
gration cease to overspread the public domain. I
could not, however, Mr.SpiAKER, but be reminded,
when I heard the remarks of the gentleman from
Maine in reference to the people of the West, of
the expression of Caesar, when he saw the dagger
of his dearest friend raised against him. Coming,
as that gentleman doss, from a young and growing
Slate, he cannot be ignorant of the claims of the
pioneer to our regard.
I have made these observations for the benefit of
those who do not understand the Western people.
If gentlemen wonld travel on this We tern road,
stop at Wheeling, now a ciiy but lately grown into
importance, cross the State of Ohio, and see, on
-the line of this great thoroughfare, the cities, towns,
and villages, the farms, schools, and all the variety
of improvements that distinguish the age, they
would cease to apply offensive epithets to us, and
be proud to become one of us. It has not been
my fortune to travel much in the East, having, for
thirty-six years, drank the waters of the West; but
I have seen very little in the East that will com-
pare, every thing considered, with the State I have
the honor in pan to represent In no country have
I seen so much equality. We have no population
rendered miserable by poverty, nor have we many
«ho have overgrown estates. It may be said of
ns that there is universal competence, and its never
failing concomitant, independence. I have thus,
Mr. Speaker, felt myself called on to notice sevetal
topics, which have been introduced into this dis-
cussion, though not involved in the ques'ion before
-the Home. I now proceed to briefly discuss that
question. Gentlemen are greatly in error on this
subject, when they state that Ohio has received, in
the construction of this road, the sum of 6,500,000
dollars.
[Mr. Parbis here explained that he referred to
the three States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, and
-thai he was reported incorrectly as referring to In-
diana alone.]
Mr. H. resumed.    Mr. Speaker, I accept the
honorable gentleman's explanation, but it makes
the case no better fot him.   He is still in error.
I may, perhaps, speak loo positively, but if so, the
gentleman can correct me by documentary proof.
He can have that opportunity^ and may furnish
me, while I am addressing this Home, with the
documents; and I will add, that if he will do so, I
• wilt almost promise to vote against the proposition
myself.   Allowing the gentleman time to furnish
the proof sustaining hi* position, I will not even
■stop now to state what has been expended, but will
reply to that part of the argument of the honorable
.gentleman which interposes the Constitution as an
.insurmountable obstacle to the continuance of the
Cumberland road.   On this tubject, however, it
-surely cannot be expected of me to open up and
.discuss this great question.   It is notjEbr me to at-
tempt to do over again what has been performed by
the ablest of oar statesmen.   This constitutional
objection, sirt is a convenient resort, and is always
iound to be infallible. The doctrine of strict con-
struction has\corae, at>firnes, from every part of
the Union. \ln 18QT, it was a fa^tonable
doctrine in the past, irtout the time of the embar-
go. Yís, s.r; i\ wa/then thought that Congress
had power to regxMte commerce, which implied its
continued existence and that it was unconstitutional
to destroy commerce, as it was said the embargo did.
So we have had it from other quarters, at various
periods, usually attended with c.rcumstances which
rendered the extreme of strict construction expe-
dient, in promoting the interests, for the time being,
of the particular t-eciion from whence it has been
urged. So of the doctrine of consolidation, and of
latitudinoxu construction. That, too, is a convenient
doctrine at times, not for any rne particular sec-
tion, but for every section of the country, whose
interests may render it necessary to resort to it. Is
not our h.story replete with proof on this subject?
I, sir, in my bumble carter, have always endea-
vored to avoid running into extremes. The golden
medium of truth is ihe grotind on which I delijrht
to tread. Well, sir, where is this to be found? On
the one hand we find consolida'ionisls; on the
other, literal constructionists. I turn from this?,
and consult another able expositor, who has been
long engaged in expounding the Constitution.
What expositor is thai? I answer, It is the practice
of the Government from its commencemtnt to this time.
Gent'emen may talk to me about constructions of
the Constitution, and tell me that if we depart from
a limited construction, we endanger the rights of
the States, or if we do not give it a liberal conj-
struct.on, we impair the powers of the Government
for usefulness; but I leave the e contending theo-
rists to the enjoyment of their theories, and content
myself with the Constitution as practically ex-
pounded by the current and concurrent action of
the several co-ordinate branches of the Govern-
ment. How, I would ask, can the Government be
administered, or certainty and stability given ta its
measures, if mere abstract questions of power are
never to be regarded as settled? Is nothing due to
lime, ¡md experience, and the concurring opinions of
those who have gone before us? Sir, the Government
cannot be administered upen any other prin"ip!e.
To say that nothing is to be regarded as settled, so
far as the mere abstract question of power is con-
cerned, would be to make the action of the Go-
vernment as variable as the shade, and as uncer-
tain as the winds.
I might doubt the exped'ency of a measure, and
be deposed to change the action or policy of the
Government, but that is a very different question.
The present is a question of power—of constitu-
tional potter—and, upon that question, the practical
construction of the Constitution, by the constituted
authorities, is enough for me.
How stands the question before the Hou? e? Has
there been any concurrent action   of the different
departments of the Government with regard to it?
I find that its action has been   uniform for thirty-
four years.   It has been gradually progressing from
1806, down to the present time.   More than this,
we have had the sasct.on of Jefferson, that  dis-
tinguished expositor of the Censtitution, to whose
opinions many   of us are prone to bow, with the
most unqualified   deference.    We   hive had the
sanction of Madison, Monroe, the distinguished in-
dividual who succeeded„him, now a member of this
H> use, of Jackson, and our present Chief Magis-
trate.   And here, sir, I would remark, in reference
to the opinions  of the   President on thi3 subject,
without knowing any thing more than may be
known to any other gentleman on this floe r, that
should a bill be passed, granting an appropriation
to the Cumberland road, I have no doubt it would
receive his sanctkn.    Why do I say so? Because I
look at his acts.   He has already sanctioned two
bills, and I infer from his past action what we may
expect for the future.
But, sir, we have had a resort to authorities on
this suoject, and as it may gratify gentlemen, I will
pay some attention to these authorities.
• The veto message of President Monroe is rather
brought to our notice than read. In the view the
gentleman from Maine has taken cf the opinion
expressed in that message, I think be has misap-
prehended the meaning. It was not a simple ap-
propriation of money to be applied to the construc-
tion of the Cumberland road that was vetoed by
Mr. Monroe. It was a bill establishing toll gates
on the road, with certain other provisions that
would have given to the United States jurisdiction
within the States through which it passed, incom-
patible with their sovereignty. Infreturning the
bill, Mr. Monroesays: "ifis with deep regret, ap-
proving as I do of the policy, that I am compeled
to object to its passage," &c. He adds: "A power
to establish turnpike* with gates and tolls, and to
enfotce the collection of tolls by penalties, implies
a power to adopt and execute a complete system of
internal improvement. A right to impose duties
to be paid by all per.-ons passing a certain road.and
on horses and carriages, as is clone by this bill, in-
volves the right to take the land fiom the proprie-
tor, on a valuation, and to pass laws for the pro-
tection of the road from injuries; and if it exist as
to cne road, it exist* as to any other, and to as
many roads as Congress may think proper to esta-
blish. A r'ght to legislate for one of these pur-
poses, is a nght to legislate for ihe other. It a com-
plete right of jurisdiction and sovereignty for all
the purposes of internal improvement, and not
ni'rely the right of applying money, under the power
vested in Congríss to make appropriation*, under which
power, wiih the consent of the States through
which tha road passes, the work was originally
commenced, and has been so far executed." Again
he says: "For although they (the States) may assert
the appropriation of money within their limits,"
&c. Now, sir, what will the honoraule gentleman
say? Will he let Mr. Monroe settle this contro-
versy between us?
[Mr. Parris here remarked he would go with Mr.
Monroe when he was right ]
The gentleman tells us he relies on these autho-
rities when they are right, not when they are
wrong. If he possessed that admirable quality,
which at all times gives absolute certainty as to
the right and the wrong of embarrassing ques-
tions, why trouble us; why take up the time of the
House in reading the op nions of ihe great states-
men who have left the Mage ef action? I, sir,
shall take care to cite no authority, which, if ad-
mitted, will not prove my position.
Mr. Speaker, the distinguished citizen who has
retired to iha Hermitage, has been mentioned in
the course of this debate, and his opinions have been
cited. It is not for me to speak in censure or
praise of that extraordinary man. His actions are
now in the hands of the historian, and I only refer
to him for the benefit of his authority upon this
question. In his veto on ihe Maysville road bill,
he cites, evidently with approbation, the opinion of
Mr. Monroe, "that Congress have an unlimited
power to rai-e money, and that, in its appropria-
tion, they have a discretionary power, restricted by
the duty to appropriate to purpwes of common de-
fence and of general, not local, national, not State
.benefit."
It is thus we see the opinions of our Presidents,
to which many more might be added, and the con-
stant action of the Government corresponding to
those opinions—the action of th* Executive, of
Congress, for more than the third of a century, all
in oar favor, and yet we are now met with the ar-
gument that Congiess has no power to continue
this great national work. Sir, if this is to be re-
garded as an open question, to what period shall
we look for that regular and systematic action, un-
der the Constitution, which shall fix it, implant it
deeply in the minds and affections of the people?
Sir, to substitute theory for practica, is to be gO|liy
of the folly in the affairs of Government, .wWÁ
would characterize the physician who should th *
aside the medicine that had cured it  thpu a ds,
because it was opposed to some-pteoMKStwátfc80"
ry. I say, then, to the ultras on «itbef eatt«m*.
that my ground is that where   the Government
itself must rest-its curran*,PlPClie*1 •**? 1°°^
the Constitution by .its Jf^Ww  execatire, ana
jadicial action.        ••     A-**-'',''    _„ „m« i« T
Bar, Mr.Speaker,bef««7ío^e  7"W
must ask th*indolg«iiM Pf *• H°use w^!« * W
my respects to several gentlemen on this floor.
First, sir, I have some .curiosity to go with my
