Pcb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ida
S6th Comg....Ist Sbss.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Fisher.
H. of Reps.
fancy brought fresh to my recollection. So it is with
nations; so it will be with us. We will remmeber
our friends.
Mr. Speaker, there are other gentlemen who de-
sire to address the House on this subject; and al-
though there are several topics I would be pleased
to disco , I shall leave them to gentlemen more
able than myself to do them justice.
SPEECH OF MR. FISHER,
OF NORTH CAROLINA. .
Jn the House of Repraenttfvoa, Febnwry 25, 1840
—On the resolution offedbd by Mr. Johnson of
Tennessee, instructing Ihe CojSmittee of Elec-
tions to report forthwili to thy House which of
the claimants for the fife vac/nt seats from New
(Ljority of the whole
Tew Jersey at the late
to the present Con-
Ft certain papers, to be
Jersey have received
number of votes poll
election for Represen'
gress; and also to re
printed, &,c.
Mr. FISHER said: As the gentleman from
Kew York [Mr. Fillmore] declines proceeding
with his remarks, I wilt take op the subject, and
submit a few observations. And, in the first place,
I must express my surprise at the efforts that are
being made here to stave off this question, and evade
coming to a decision on it—this, too, at a time
when great complaints are heard trom every quar-
ter against the tardiness of our movement?. In
the next place, I mutt express my utter astonish-
ment that there should be any objection whatever
to the committee's reporting the fact who have re-
ceived the majority of votes, or to the publication
of the papers giving information on the subject.
Are gentlemen unwilling to receive information?
If ibey are unwilling to receive it for themselves,
certainly they ought to suffer it to be spread before
the people. If there be any lights before the com-
mittee, is it Tight to lock them up in the committee
room—to hide them under a bushei? Why not
bring them out, and set them on a hill, that all may
see them? I think, sir, it is due to this House itself,
to the people of New Jersey, and to the whole Ame-
rican people, that all the information before the
committee should be brought out, and made public.
la the first place, it is due to mis House itself.
Why? This House refuse to permit the five indi-
viduals who came here with the Governor's certi-
ficates to take the seats. For this decision we have
been assailed in the most unqualified terms, and
denounced by the Governor of New Jersey as hav-
ing been guilty of "a monstrous usurpation."
Now, sir, the facts ought lo be made public, that
the American people may judge whether this charge
be true or false; whether it is this House, or Gov.
Pennington and his pliant Privy Council, who have
trampled on the Constitution and on the laws, and
committed this "monstrous usurpation."
la the next place, it is in an especial manner due
to the people of New Jersey that all the facts
should be made public, in order that they may see
why they have not their full representation on tbis
floor.   There are ten individuals here claiming
the/jw vacant seats, and yet neither set is per-
mitted, to occupy them.   The people of New Jer-
sey have a right to be informed why this is so.
Five of these claimants have come out, and, innd-
vaaee, charged the whole blame on the majority of
this House.   In their letter to the Governor of
New Jersey, written no doabl for effect, and pub-
lished eve¡y where, they characterize the proceed-
ings of this House as aa qptraoe—as a disgrace to •
a repieseatative Government—as a iitgrace to the
body itself—as the exercise of a ".lawless and
revolutionary power;" and they ¿charge that the
majority disregard their "oaths to support the
Gooftteliea."   Now, sir, these are grave «targes,
aa4th*r«7r8 should be made public, that it may
be .see^ ihe$86r this House be guilty—wne'tber
this House has committed perjury and usurpation,
in exeic:singa power expressly delegated to itj or
whiter thete Jve claimants are not the culprits in,,
trying if) usurp seafs, on this floor, when they .foots'
they have not reeeivéff 4 majority of the votes of!
thejjeople.of'Newiqrse^    (   ^                 ,        ;
There is yet another reason why nothing Should
be kept back, but all made public,   Tfce majority
n
in the Legislature of New Jersey have taken up
this subject, and have passed a series of resolu-
tions, denouncing this House in the most unmea-
sured terms. They were not content to pass thf se
resolutions, and circulate them in New Jersey, but
they have sent them to all the other States in this
Union, thereby inviting action on them.
Now, that the Legislatures of these States may
be enabled to act understandingly on the subject
forced on them by these reso'utions, let us give
them all the facts we can, le>t, like his Excellency of
Virginia, they may act on one-sided evidence alone.
Perhaps, however, his Excellency may not have
stood in need of light on the subject; he may know
all about it by intuition. I hope, sir, these will be
considered good reasons why the resolution should
be adopted by the Home in the form in which it
has now been presented to us.
Mr. F. continued. It has been decided, sir, by
the vote just taken, that it is not in order to quote
what has been done in the committee; and yet,
wi hont referring to the proceedings of the commit-
tee, it is difficult to explain things as,they ought to
be. Much censure has been thrown on the com-
mittee fiom various quarters, and, for one, I wish
that the whole proceeding may be made public;
for, whatever may be the result, I feel that my
star's are clear. I do not, however, believe that
the journal of the committee will reflect much light
on the subject. I have no doubt it will be consi-
dered a great literary curiosity; for, in my opinion,
it is the most extraordinary journal that ever has
been kept since the keeping of journals first began.
Sir, did you ever read in ancient fable of an un-
fortunate wight, who was condemned to roll a huge
stone up hill all his life? how, after pushing, and
pulling, and tugging, to get it up to the top of the
hill, it would slip from his hands and roll down
again? If you have, you may form some idea of
the labors of the committee. Or, sir, did you ever
read in ancient story the history the faithful
Penelope, who spent the day in weaving her web,
and the night in winding it out again? If so, per-
haps you may form some idea of the labors of the
committee. The object of Penelope was to gain
lime—
[Mr. F. was here called to order for referring
to the proceedings of the committee; and, after some
discussion on the points of order, he was suffered
to proceed with his remark .]
He continued. Sir, it is not my purpose to
anticipate the publication of the facts, but I wish
to disabuse the public mind on a few points.
No one on this floor, or anywhere else, has ever
pretended that the certificate men received a ma-
jority of the votes polled at the late Congressional
election in New Jersey. Nor has it been asserted
here or elsewhere, that the others did not receive a
majority; on the contrary, it has been so admitted.
When, therefore, the certificate men came forward
and claimed the seats, they did so, not on the
ground that they had received a majority of the
votes; bat on the ground that they had received the
Governor's certificate. On the other hand, the
other five claimed the seals on the ground that
they have received a majority of the votes. The
real and undisguised question, then, that was in the
first hutance presented to the House, and that is
now before the House, is this"—which set of claim-
ants shall be admitted to seats here? those who have
the Governor's certificates without having received
a majority of votes, or those who have no certifi-
cate, but who have received a majority of votes ?
I am one of those who will never consent that the
voice of the people shall be set as:de by a G jver-
nor or by any one else. Judging from circumstan-
ces, it would seem that the five certificate men
themselves did not believe altogether in the certifi-
cates—for, either through the want of faith in their
certificates, or With some other view, they went to
work last fall in hunting up illegal vote ; and be-
hold they lay tte'oreithis House a list of 243 votes,
.which they say are illegal. This list of votes re-
¡puled to be illegal, has been extensively Ipublished
I throughout the country «s ft sort of set off to the ma-
'joiity admitted to have been received at the
!&•  ,of their opponents; and it has been done,
¡too, is soch a manner as to make many believe
that two hundred and   forty-three illegal vote*
have actually been discovered. Now, sir, what
is the fact ? Why, they cannot shew, by duly
authenticate! papers, even one dozen of bad votes;
their own competent papers show less than twelve
illegal votes.
[Mr. F. was here again called to order for re 
ferring to papers in ihe committee, and, after some
discussion on the point of order, the Speaker de-
c ded that he had a right to refer to papers that had
been read in this House, though not now in pos-
session of the House. From this decision, an ap-
peal was taken, and the ayes and noes called for.
The Speaker was sustained in Lis decision by the
House, and Mr. F. was then permitted to go on.]
Mr. F. then proceeded lo say; I wish, sir, to set
the public mind right on another point. By
turning to the list headed illegal votes, it will ba
seen that it is there charged that eight Whig votes
were taken out of the box at Saddle river town-
ship, and eight Democratic votes were put in, and,
of course, afterwards counted—thus making a
difference of sixteen votes. Now, sir, what I wish
to say is, that this charge has not been proven.
[He was then again called to order for alluding
to papers not before the House, and, after a con-
siderable interruption, was again permitted to
proceed.]
As, sir, I cannot be permitted to refer directly
to the papers, I must either stop altogether or
do so indirectly. I will, however, first-make a
prediction or two. I will then predict, whenever
the House examines the papers on this charge,
they will find it wholly unsupported by proof as
yet laid before the committee. The judges and
inspectors of the polis held at Saddle river, are re-
ported to be men of as fair character as any in the
State of New Jersey. When this charge was first
made, they not only gave it a flat denial, but they
said if the charge was true, it was an indictable
ofTenc*, and should re taken notice of by the law.
They challenged their accusers to go before the
grand jury, and have it investigated. They
have not done so, nor have they made good
the charge before any other tribunal what-
ever. Why have they not? It must be because
they cannot; for, if they could, we have every rea-
son to believe they would. And yet, sir, this Sad-
dle river affair has been held up, here and else-
where, as an established fact, that the ballet box
was robbed.
Bnt, sir, let os examine the grounds on which
this Governor took on himself the right to set aside
the will of the people, and to give the certificates to.
those who were rejected by the people. Where
did he receive this power? Not from the Constitu-
tion of the United States, for that gives no such
power to him, or to any body else; ncr did he re-
ceive It from the laws of New Jersey, for the laws
of New Jersey expressly requires that the Governor
and Privy Council shall ascertain "who have re-
ceived the greatest ntimitr of votes from the whole
¡Srate," and commission them accordingly. Where,
then, did he get the power" ind right to throw away
all the votes polled at South Ambov and Miñvi^Je,
which gave a clear majority of 458 in favor of the
Democratic candidates? When all the facts are
brought to light, it will be found that this Gover-
nor, who charged this House with "a monstrous
usurpation," has himself trampled on all law, and
committed a daring outrage on the rights of the
people. In justification of his conduct, it is put
forth every where, that the returns from South Am-
boy were not made in lime by the judge and in-
spectors of the polls to the e'erk of the county,
whose business it was to send them up to the Go-
vernor. The fact is otherwise. The returns from
Sou'h Amboy were delivered to the clerk a whole _
day before the time expired; but this clerk, jvitht
out any authority of law whatever, undertook to
set himself up as judge, and actually, rejected the
votes, on pretence that thsy were BOf J^9^*^.
pursuant 1
itWiv. tri'tl<B •fS.hirhmtir.'   WflVenpc
out, ce'rti-
l*    ui Wkv^wxr^    «ilea       lUbj       •* ^  *f       T7 — r               Í.+     i*_
to law," ánd.re'uíed tGltfpeWW  m  •
list sent by him fo the &Óv|rnoW Mf***^,?
full statement of tbes$ tfe^ifW6,, f' j ó
fied by the judge ¿**m^$fiá <?Wíiv?
lhe<Jovernorl^aé'r^ltbe *°* *• *™l
„Jf&p:úey did not come
M—  mn«. =.- ™ Jraridin this way the peo-
"SeTp^veToTáSr «ored nghu* by the do.
Council rejeenSljj
(Os Mm through m
pie
