Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t9Y
26th Cong«"'1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
The following is from the*National Intelligencer
of the 28tb of October last:
"Among the bitter** fruileof the derangements of *ur money
matters, istae distrust of ultimate ability on the part of the
debtors to pay their responsibilities. This distrust has reached
our State engagements, and the bonds of some of them are
down to a very low price. I have heap] divers insinuations
against their payment, for divers reasons; hut my own opinion
is, that if the ways and means for discharging them were pro-
vided, they would stand as firm, perhaps more so, than any
other securities. Most of these bonds have been appropriated
for objects 0/internal improvements. Would it not be a wise
provision if Congress were to set aside certain amounts of the
public lands for their ultimate redemptionl"
This, it is irue, purports to be in the character of
a communication. But it is the frank expression
of an opinion iruly alarming to the peace and per-
petuity of our inst.tution«, and that is pat forth in
the form of an inquiry. Speaking of the Stale
debts, the writer remarks: " Would it not bt a wise
provision if Congress were to set aside certain
amounts of the public lands, for their ultimate re-
dmpticnJ"
The uliimate redemption of what? The State
dekt?. To set apart the revenues to relieve the
Siates from their indebtedntss. The wiiter of this
article could not for a moment suppose that the an-
nual proceeds of the sa'es ef the public lands
would ever extinguish State liabilities. They
wood not make a ttthe towards meeting even the
interest of the State debts. Nor is that the propo-
sition of ihe writer. His suggestion is too plain lo
be miiunderstos-d; and it is for a direct assumption
of the entire debt of the States. It proposes to set
apart certain amounts of the public land for their
full and complete redemption. It is artfully drawn,
but its meaning cannot be mistaken. It is to look
into the Treasury, to count up the millions which
have there been received from the sales of the pub-
lic lands—to $et aside their amount to redeem the State
dtbts—and, if that shou'd be found insufficient, to
pledge the future proceeds of the sales of the lands,
until the object shall be fully accomplished.
Similar views, according to my recollection, were
circulated over the country, through the agency of
the press. They had found their way into other
public journals. And I beg the Senate to bear in
mind that, from the plain reading of this paragraph,
it is a proposition for an assumption—an entire as-
sumption, a complete assumption—ef (he State debts;
and it suggests the means for their final liquidation
and payment.
But this is not all. To such an extent had the
public attention been drawn to this subject, that the
Governor of New York himself refers to it in his
annual message to the General Assembly of that
State.
Upon this self-same subject I have made an ex-
tract from the message of another Chief Magistrate
to his Legislature, and it most clearly shows that
the subject of assumption was agitating the pubic
mind in various sections of the Union; that it was
matter of debate whether the entire debt of the
States should be transferred to the General Govern-
ment. The message from which I propose toread
an extract, could not have been induced by any ac-
tion of this body. It was induced solely from a
knowledge of an opinion, pervadin?, to some ex-
tenf^ our common country.   The Governor says:
"Hie project now afloat of funding the State debts, and for
Iherr assumption  by the Federal  Government, cannot, and   i
should «ever be adopted.    Congress has no right to take mo-   I
neyfrom the Federal Treasury for such purposes; and, if I
attemptti,the efforlmust shake the Union to its centre.   But
even if successful in its adoption, the policy would be fatal to
the independent   character   of   the  States.     A  precedent
would be established,  by which  extravagant expenditures
would be stimulated with the States, reducing them to the con-
dition of mere stipendiaries on the favor of the Federal Go-
vernment, increasing and encouraging their indebtedness to
foreign powers,and ultimately making us, while we boast of our
freedom, a nation of slaves."
Such sentiments are well worthy the source from
which they emanated—sentiments evincing that
love of liberty, that spirit of independence, which I
hope never to see restrained in any one of the
sovereign States of this Confederacy.
The time had come when, from an imperious
sense of public duty, Congress was bound to act
upon this subject; and we should not be deterr-d
frpio doing that duty because no State has asked
relief at our hands. We should rather be stimu-
lated by that, very fact to more prompt action in
the performance of ourpu&Jic Irust, Bat^hile this
objection is sounded in our ears at every turn—
while it is urg d at every point—may I not be ptr-
mitted to ask the Senator from Kentucky by what
authority he has offered his second resolution?
Has he the authority of any State to declare her
indebtedness, and her pressing embarrassment?
Has he the au hority of any State to declare that,
at this hour of distress and dismay, a distribution
of any portion of the public revenue would not only
be " expedient, but important." Has any State,
corporation, or individual, asked the action of Con-
gress in the way and manner, and for the reasons,
suggested by the Sena'or from Kentucky. Ns,
sir. The Senator has submitted his propositions
upon his own responsibility.
The Select Committee have presented their re-
port for the consideration of the Senate, opon their
own responsibility. The very course of this debate
cannot tail to remind us of the importance and ne-
cessity of definite and immediate action. The
opinions promulgated by the money lenders in
England; the opinions abroad in our own land;
the resolutions before the Senate; all combine to
remind us of the propriety and necesiity of imme-
dia'e action.
I am perfectly aware of the course which the de-
bate has already taken. The connection between
the subject before us and the currency of the coun-
try, has been most ably discussed by the Senator
from Ohio. I am not disposed to take ground
which has been pre-occupied. I know, also, full
well, that the resolutions of the committee are fully
justified by the report ot the chairman, and that I
can offer nothing wh;ch could mora fully illustrate
the positions taken by the committee; but coming
as I do from a S'ate free from, and wholly unem-
barrassed by, any existing pecuniary liability, I
should be recreant in my duty to her, were 1 to
leap silent on this occasion. I well know her sen-
t ments on tnis interesting subject, in all its con-
nections and consequences. They accord with my
own; and it i* my wish and my will to express them
on this occasion.
It is my purpose, Mr. President, in the remarks
which I may submit to the Senate, to confine my-
self to the consideration of the resolutions which
have been reported from the select committee, and
to- the subsitute which has been proposed  by the
Senator from Kentucky.   I regard this  subject, in
all its bearings, as one of the deepest importance.
And should the period ever pome when this Govern-
ment shall assume, directly or indirectly, the pay-
ment of the State deb's, or should pledge its faith
for the ultimate discharge of State liabilities, then
will this Confederacy be dismembered   and our
happy Union dissolved.     Such   an   assumption
would not only be "repugnant to all the objects
and purposes for which the Federal Union wa*
formed," but utterly destructive of that harmony
and unity of interests, so essential to its  mainte-
nance.   There is not, in the broad range of subjects
which can appropriately and legitimately claim the
consideration ot the   General Government,  one
more fraught with danger   than an interference
with Siate purpesrs or with State policy.   These
sovereignties, independent of each other, ever look
with great jealousy upon the action of the General
Government, and he who is conversant with  the
events,of ourhistory from the Declaration of Ameri-
can Independence to the present moment, cannot fail
to bear in mind the untiring vigilance of the States,
their constant and deep solicitude against any accu-
mulation or concentration of power, calculated to
interfere with their rights, or to disturb their rela-
tion.".   Their powers at d their duties are well de-
fined, and the powers and the duties of the General
Goqernment are equal!; well set forth in the char-
ter of our liberties.   I Tepeat that the project of
an assumption of the State debts by the Federal
Government is full of danger—fatal to the peace
and perpetuity of our institutions.
The effect would be to destroy the independence
of the Stales—to change (he character and the
habits of the people—to break down theproud and
generous feelings of freemen, arid to substitute the
miserable selfishness of suppliant dependants. It
would destroy the w*H marked relations now sub-
sisting between the^Federal and the State Gorern-
meBts,by dastreying theactive! energies of the latter j i
and making them the mere vessels of the formen     j
There is no point of view in which this subje/st
can be contemplated, but what its gross injustice
is made most strikingly manifest.
The father of his couatry has left to the Ame-
rican prople a moM invaluable legacy touching
his matter:
"As a very importantnmree of strength and security, cherish
public cretin. One method ot preserving it, is to use it as
sparingly as possible, avoiding occasions of expense, by culti-
vating peace; but remembering, also, that timely disburse-
ments to prepare for danger frequently prevent much greater
disbursements to repel it; avoiding, likewise, the accumulation
of debt, not only by shunning occasions of expense, but by vi-
gorous exertions, in time of peace, to dit-chaige the debts which
unavoidable wars may have occasioned, not ungenerously
throwing upon posterity the burdens which we ourselves
ought to bear."
The contemplated measure, if carried into effect,
will fasten a debt upon this Government which its
ordinary means cannot discharge while this Con-
federacy shall last. It not only paralyzes the ef-
forts of the present generation, but entails upon
generations yet unborn all the evils of a national
debt. If it be wise to assume any portion of the
State debis—if it be just for this Government to
come, in any degrte, to the aid of the States—or if
it be constitutional to make any such assumption—
I would meet the expenditure by a direct taxation
upon the property oí the country. I would not
ungenerously throw upon posterity the burdens
which we ought ourselves to bear; but I would
preserve public credit by using it as sparingly as
possible. I cannot but regard the consequences
which must follow from the adoption of this pro-
ject, as m< st deleterious to the free institutions of
the States.
I am, as I before stated, from a State free from
debt.   And what is, in effect, the proposition n w
submitted by the Senator from Kentucky}   "That
it would be just and proper to distribute the pro*
eeeds of the sales of the public lands among the se-
veral States, in fair aad ratable proportions: that
the condition of such of the States as have con-
tracted dtb>$ m such, at the present moment ef pres-
sure and difficulty, as to render such a distributiones.
pecially expedient and important." Can any thing be
moreexp icit? Is not the resolution, in itself, calcu-
lated to shake the confidence which the States repose
in the General Government?   Does it not most em 
phatically declare that, in this day of darkness and
dismay, at a time of such pecuniary distress and
difficulty, it behooves the  General Government
to, put forth ail its energies for the   reiki of
the States—to take from your public Treasury a
portion of your public revenue, and distribute it
among .the States, "in fair proportions," with; .the
avowal that the indebtedness of the State  renders
such a distribution, at a time like this, especially
"expedient and important?"    When 1 last ad-
dressed the Senate, I ventured then to assert, what
I verily believed, that the idea was entertained on
the other side of the Atlantic, by the bankers and
money capitalists of Europe, that this Government
would assume the liabilities of ihe Slates.  J be-
lieved it; but little indeed did I suppose,'fren what
was then said, that such an assumption .won'4 thus
early find an advocate on this floor.   Little iodeed
did I suppose that a distinct proposition would be
presented to this Senate, to distribute a portion of
the public revenues among the States, and that such
a distribution would be justified on the ground of
State indebtedness, and on accoint of the pre -.
sure and severity of the times.   Bat so it is.  Hero
we have it, in language too plain to be misunder-
stood.   Here is a distinct, well defined propesitien;
affirming the justice and propriety of distributing
a portion of the public revenue among the several
States, and that such a measure is especially «¿J
pedient at wis time, when  some  of the State 
themselves feel sensibly the weight of their «in 
barrassments.    Not content with voting against
the   resolutions   presented  by  the   seWt cow
mittee, wherein the justice and expediency •*/¿"*
a project is most unqualifiedly denied* the Sena-
tor from Kentucky proposes to substitute hia reso-
lutions, which as unqualifiedly affirm the jasftce,
expediency, and, at-this critical P"iOd o e «" 
importance of the measure-   «%I ** ** «£"
, this.  IihenbelieveAand I stiU.Wme,** «oney
IpowerefEngTapdwas fV*^l£2FF?&
aecomprXi« «a**-   *"  Mt' ^Tftft * *d
' not then suppose that its purpose would find open
