200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono-•••1st Sess.
State Debts—¿Mr. Hubbard.
Feb. 1840.
Senate.
ear, have an immediate bearing upon the subject
before us; and conim?, as they do, from the Le-
gislature of my native State, I feel a ptide and a
pleasure in placing them before the Senate.
Before the Revolution, the right of soil to all the
unpatented lands within the limits of the thirteen
colonies, and within the extensive boundaries of the
United States, as fixed by the treaty of peace of
1783, was claimed by, and was vested in, the
Crown of Great Britain. All the public lands now
claimed by the United States, have been acquired
cither by conquest, or by purchase. Some portion,
it is admitted, has been acquired by purchase since
the treaty of peace, from some of the States of the
Unien, and other portions have been acquired by
purchase from Franc* and Spain. It was, how-
ever, the common efforts, the united energies of
the whole Confederacy—it was their blood and
their treasure, freely applied in the prosecution of
that glorious conflict, which resulted in the esta-
blishraent of our country's independence—that di-
rected from Great Britain her claim to the soil,
and to the jurisdiction of united America. It was
the result cf the Revolution which secured to the
Confederacy her title to a portion of the public do-
main. This acquisition of country was the reward
of the combined means of the States. It was the
fruit of their valor and of the'r virtue. By con-
quest, then, by the fortune of war, the United
States acquired the clear and indisputable
right to that portion of the public domain
which was unsettled, unpatented, and, in my
judgment, without the appropriate limits of any
member of the Confederacy, at the commencement
afthe Revolution. It was by the success of our
arms that our title to the ungranted land of the
West was irrevocably established. The domain
that acquired, became the property of the whole
Confederacy, and could only be appropriated for
the common benefit. I am not disposed to ques-
tion here the liberality, the patriotism, or the sense
of justice, which prompted certain members of the
Confederacy, by their deeds of cession, to transfer
their claim of title to lands within their asserted
boundaries, to the Confederacy. That was done,
and done under the influence of high public con-
siderations. They were acts on the part of those
States, emanating from the love of peace, of har-
mony, and of union.
Nor am I disposed to question that the chartered
limits of those States embraced not only the ceded
territory, but immense tracts beyond the esta-
blished boundaries of the Confederacy, as fixed by
the treaty of 1783. But my reading has been al-
together unprofitable, if the history of the times of
the rise, progress, and close of the Revolution—of
the causes and of the objects of the war—of the
admitted rights, and of the pretended claims, of the
respective States which formed the Confederacy,
does not clearly and distinctly show%that this right
of soil to the ungranted lands of the West was
never universally conceded or admitted to be the
exclusive property of any particular member of
the Confederacy. But when, by the fortune of
war, they became lost to the crown of Great Bri-
tain, they thereby became the rightful properly of
the United States.
It is true that the articles of confederation were
reported to the continental Congress in the early
part of the Revolution, and that mighty contest
was carried on, and successfully terminated, by the
States as a Confederacy ;and it is equally trae that the
, very history of that confederation shows that this re-
lisquishment of the claim of the States to their
right of soil, as expressed in their respective deeds
of cession, was made to give quiet and tranquillity
to the whole Confederacy, to excite a moie united
zeal, and a more determined purpose to prosecute
the war to a satisfactory result.   For there can be
bo doubt that, if New York had not made its deed
of cession, and the other States had not signified
their readiaeis to follow her example, the war
could not have been brought to such a triumphant
termination.   I speak not without authority; the
history «f the times fully justifies my remarks.
This question of exclusive right (which was as-
serted by some of the States) to the unsettled and
unpatened lands of the West, had engaged so much
of the public attention, and other States bad so
strongly protested against the claims $• made,
that Congress, as early as the 6th of September,
1780, agreed to the report of its committee, upon
this subject, and from which I have made the sab-
joined extract:
"That it appears advisable to press upon those States which
can remove the embarrassments respecting the Western coun-
try, a liberal surrender of a portion of their territorial claims,
since they cannot be preserved entire, without endangering the
stability of the general Confederacy; to. remind them how in-
dispensably necessary it is to establish the Federal Union on a
fixed and permanent basis, and on principles acceptable to all
its respective members; how essential to public peace and con-
fidence; to the support of our army; to the vigor of eurcoua-
cila, and success of our measures; to our tranquillity at home;
to our reputation abroad; to our very existence, as a free, sove-
reign, and independent people."
And on the lüth of October, 1780, Congress re-
solved:
"That the unappropriated lands that may be ceded or re-
linquished to the united States by any parucular State, pur-
suant to the recommendation of Congress of the 6th day of
September last, shall be disposed of for the common benefit of
the United States.
If, then, the united means of the Confederacy
acquired this portion of the public domáis; if our
right of soil was obtained by conquest, the property
thus acquired enured to the common benefit of the
United Stales; if the right were obtained by pur-
chase, then, in conformity to the above resolution,
the property thus acquired becomes the sole and
exclusive property of the whole Confederacy, and
can only be disposed for her common benefit.
I have remarked that the very history of the
Confederation will show that this claim, made by
some of the States to the ungranted lands, was sot
universally admitted. Those articles of perpetual
union were reported to the continental Congress as
early as November, 1777; and it was well known
that the States of New York, Virginia, Connecti-
cut, Massachusetts, and others, claimed as com-
ing within their chartered limits the immense and
unpeopled region of the West. These claims were
not acknowledged; and hence we find that, as early
as June, 1778, Massachusetts proposed an amend-
ment to the ninth article of confederation by add-
ing to the paragraph, "That no Stale thall be de-
prived of territory for the benefit of the United
State ''' the following provision:
"That all lands within those States, the property of which
before the present war, was vested in the crown of Great Bri-
tain, or out of whicbtrevenues from quit rents arise, payable to
the said crown, shall be deemed, taken, and considered as the
property of these United States, and be disposed of, and appro-
priatedby, Congress/br the benefit of the whole Confederacy."
The sentiments also of New Jersey, at that pe-
riod of our h;story, are wonhy of being rapeated,
and show what was the prevailing feeling of the
country.
"The boundaries and limits of each State ought to be fully
and finally fixed and made known. This, we apprehend, would
be attended with very salutary effects by preventing jealousies
as well as controversies, and promoting harmony and confi-
dence among the States. If the circumstance of the times
would not admit of this previous to the proposal of the Confe-
deration to the several States, the establishment of the princi-
plesjupon which the detei mination might be conducted, at a time
more convenient and favorable for despatching the same at an
early period, would be satisfactory. We are constrained to ob-
serve that the present war, as we always apprehended, was un-
dertaken for the general defence and interest of the confederat-
ing colonies. It Was ever the confident expectation of this
State, that the benefits derived from a successful contest were to
be general and proportionate, and that the property of the com-
mon enemy falling in consequence of a prosperous issue of the
war, would belong to the United States ana would be appro-
priated to their use. We are, therefore, greatly disappointed
in finding no provision made in the Confederation for empower-
ing Congress to disposa of such property, butespecially the va-
cant andunpatented lands,commonly called the crown lands, for
defraying the expenses of the war and for such other public and
general purpose ; reason and justice must decide that the pro-
perty which existed in the crown of Great Britain previous to the
present Revolutien,ou?htnow to belong to Congress, in trust for
the jise and benefit afthe United States. They have fought and
bled for it, in proportion to their respective abilities, and there-
fore the reward ought not to be predilectionally distributed.
Shall such Slates as are shut out, by situation, from availing
themselves of the least advantage from this question, be left to
sink under an enormous debt, while others are enabled, in a
short period, to replace all their expenditures from the hard
earnings ef the whole Confederacy?"
Such was the state of public opinion upon this
matter; such were the feelings which pervaded the
country, that it required the most unceasing efforts
on the part of the continental Congress to induce the
States to agree to the articles of confederation.
Nothing but a sense of common danger, growing
out of any disunion; nothing but the cause of the
whole country; nothing but the strong reasons
urged in the circular from Congress to the States,
induced ther assent to the confederation.
Permit us (says Congress) earnestly to recommend these ar-
ticles to the inuneolate a«d topassionaw attention of the legis-
latures of the respective States. Let them be candidly re-
viewed under ásense of the difficulty of combining in one ge.
neral system the various sentiments and interests of a conti-
nent divided into so many sovereign and independent commu-
nities, under a consideration of the absolute necessity of uniting
all our councils and all our strength to maintain and defend our
common liberties.
This salutary measure can no longer be deferred. It seems
essential to our very existence as a free people, and without it
we may soon be constrained to bid adieu to independence, to
liberty, to safety.
It is true that, after such an appeal, most of the
States came forward and signified their assent.
Bat not until after the cession from New York;
not until after the strong indication from Virginia
that she aho would cede to the United States her
vacant lands, did Maryland yield her objections.
Although the pressure of immediate calamities, the dread of
their continuance from the appearance of disunion, may have
induced some States to accede to the present Confederation,
eontrary to their own interests and j udgmeRte, it requires no
great share of foresight to predict that when those causes cease
to operate, the States which have thus acceded to the Confede-
ration, will consider it as no longer binding, and will eagerly
embrace the first occasion of asserting their just rights, and
securing their indepencence. We are convinced that policy
and justice require that a country unsettled at the com-
mencement of the war, claimed by the British crown, and
ceded to it by the treaty of Paris, if wrested from the common
enemy by the blood and treasure ol the thirteen States, should
be considered as common property.
These were the prevailing sentiments of the
country, and it was the force of public opinion that
produced such salutary effects; for we find that, in
1780, the State of New York, by her legislation,
declared that, "it having been conceived that a
portion of the waste and uncultivated territory
within the limits or claims of certain States, ought
to be appropriated as a common fund for the ex-
penses of the war," goes on further to as«ert that
the territory which may be ceded as relinquished,
shall be and enure for the use and benefit of such
of the United States as shall become members of
the Federal alliance, and for no other use or pur-
pose whatever. At this time, it should be remem-
bered that all the States had not joined the Federal
alliance—had not assented to the articles of confe-
deration—and the cession of New York men was
intended to provide merely a commonn fund to
meet the expenses of the war which might be in-
curred by those States, and those States only, which
should become members of the Federal alliance
—the very use which mutt have been made Of them
if there had been no conflict of title. And Massa-
chusetts, also, by ber deed of cession, did assign,
transfer, and convey (the territory described) to
the United States of America, for their benefit. And,
in a report made to Congress, Janeary 30, 1783,
it is stated that, "among the steps taken by Con-
gress to secure the debts incurred for the common dc-
fence, they must not omit to mention the recom-
mendation of September 6,1780, for a cession of
a part of the western territory, domed by particu-
lar States;" and adds, that in consequence thereof,
New York has made a cession, accepted by Con-
gress. Virginia and Connecticut have also made
cessions. And tor what purpose were thtse ces-
sions made? I answer, to secure the debts in-
curred for the common defence. The terms of the
cessions are somewhat particular, and somewhat
variant, but they all put port to be cessions to the
United States, and for their common benefit,
and that benefit was to be enjoyed according to
their usual proportion, in the general charge and
expenditure, which would have been the degree of
benefit enjoyed by the several States, if there bad
been no counter claim to, or any conveyance of,
the territory, to the United States. That proportion
of charge upon the States was distinctly defined in
the eighth article of the confederation:
"All charges of war, and all other expenses that shall se in-
curred for the common defenee, or general welfare, and al-
lowed by the United 8tates, in Congress assembled, shall be de-
frayed out of a common Treasury, which shall be supplied by
the several States, in proportion to the value ef all land within
each State, granted to, or surveyed for, any person, as such
land, and the buildings and improvements thereon, shall be
estimated according to such mode as the United States, in Con-
gress assembled, shall from time to time direct and appoint."
This was the benefit which the several and re-
spective members of the Confederacy would de-
rive from the acquisition of this portion of the
public domain, whether acquired by conquest or
by purchase. No matter, then, whether the title
was acquired by conquest or by grant, the result is
the same. The effect is the same,, if by conquest thev
lands enure/or the 90k benefit of the vkolt Cvnftfc
