ft04
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
26th CowG""1st Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Clifford.
Jan. 1840.
H. of Reps.
the expansion begun in 1817, and continued until July, 1818,
 ■« fuHowed by an increase of imports from ninety nine to
122 million dollars, and this was followed by a universal
overthrow of the manufacturing interest in 1819. These
«venta have succeeded each other in the same order so invaria-
bly, that we are constrained to consider them as cause and ef-
fect. Increase of paper money raises prices, that leads to a
large import ef foreign goods, to profit by our high prices; this
overstocks our market, and, aided by the bank contraction,
which, invariably takes place upon a large import, depresses
the price of our manufactures below the cost of production.
Hence embarrassments, breaking up of business, and bank-
ruptcy.
The question in volved is not whether we shall
establish a protective tariff; but whether we shall
bare recourse to a tariff for revenue, and for reve-
nue alone, and whether that revenue shall be col-
lected for distribution, are the questions presented.
Such a tariff, for such an object, the country
would never bean and I greatly mistake the indi-
cations of the times, if the country wou'd sustain
any such system of indirect taxation for any
object.
Mr. President, I have said all I wish to offer,
and will add, in conclusion, that, in my judgment,
the true policy should be to keep down the tariff—
to avoid all unnecessary taxation—to apply all our
means for the legitimate uses of the Federal Go-
vernment—(o grant *• txclwive privileges—1« sustain
every class with equal justice—'o incturage settle-
ments «pon  wpublic domain—to induce cultivators
to become the own rs of the soil. Thus we will
add strength to our Government, by increasing the
power, the virtue, and tbe intelligence of our be-
loved country.
NEW JERSEY ELECTION. /
__                     /
SPEECH OF MR. CLIFFORD,
Of MainW^       /
In the Howe o/ Btpratntativtf, January 10 and 11,
1840—On the resolution 4i Mr/ Campbell, of
South Carolina, proposing to refer all the docu-
ments and testimony in rafaiian to the New Jer-
sey disputed election toAhe/committee on that
subject; and Mr, Bell's substitute therefor, de-
claring that the gentlenjep without certificates
should not be qualified. \/
Mr. CLIFFORD said, it was true that this sub-
ject had occupied most of the time of the House
since the assembling ot Congress-, and it was also
true that the time had been chiefly spent in listen-
ing to the speeches of gentlemen who sustain tbe
claims of the   members commissioned by the Go-
vernor of New Jersey.   Thus far very little had
bee said in reply, by those who oppose the preten-
sions of fraud, and undertake to uphold the rights
of the Representatives elected by the people.
Tbe first three weeks of the session, he believed,
were entirely devoted to the subject; and he had
supposed  that, after the  decision upon the final
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Wisb,] the matter would have been suffered, with-
out farther debate or delay, to go to the Committee
of Elections, especially alter that gentleman him-
self bad proclaimed that the victory was with the
party in the   majority; that the battle had been
fought, and that he and his friends had lost it. But,
when tbe honorable chairman of that committee
[Mr. Campbell] proposed a resolution having that
object in view, new ©batae'es were thrown in the
way, in the form of embarrassing amendments,
contravening the past action of the   House, im-
plying censure of the majority, and thus re-opening
the whole  mens of  the controversy.    He dis-
claimed interposing objection to any proper amend-
ment or to the usual range of debate; but he had a
right   to   complain when  gentlemen pass by the
question of reference—he would not say by sub-
terfuge—but  for   the   purpose   of reviewing the
course   of the majority, especially  as they had
been permitted to mdu'ge in severity of remark,
while he and others, who have equal rights, had
not yet had an opportunity of saying one word
upon the subject.   The gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Botts,] and others  who preceded him, had
taken this course; and the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Randolph] had been permitted, again
and again, to occupy the time of the House in re-
iterating the same arguments, and reviewing the
whole matter connected with the New Jersey eleo
tion.   V\} to this time, Mr. C. said, he bad con-
tented h'm^elf with giving a silent vote on the va-
rious questions that had been presented in relation
to this subject, taking care that the effect of every
vote should be to protect the rights of the people;
and he would still have contnued to pursue that
course, had it not been for some remarks ef tbe
gent'eman from Virginia, who made it the ground
of complaint that those opposed to him on this
question had not entered sufficiently into the dis-
cussion, and insinuated that their silence was oc-
casioned, not by a desire to avoid a useless con-
sumption of time, but from a conscious weakness
in the justice of their cause. Under these circum-
stances, and as the course of the House had been
called in question, with very severe animadver-
sion, he would ask its indulgence while he explain-
ed the r asons and motives which had governed
him and h s friends in the course they had taken,
' promising that he would not consume more time
than was necessary, and that he would be as brief
in the remarks he was about to offer as the nature
of the subject would permit.
But, before he proceeded to the points he pro-
peed to discu's, he would ask permission to da an
act of justice to an individual who had been denied
the usual privilege of speaking for himself. It was
known to all that the official conduct of the Clerk
had been repeatedly censured, and, as he believed,
unwarrantably, during th? pendency of the contro-
versy growing out of the New Jersey conteste]
election. It was equally true that he applied to the
House to permit him to make a written statement,
explanatory of his conduct, which courtesy was
denied him; and, as it was now made a ground of
attack, that the majority was not disposed to hazard
their position by puling frth the reasons of their
course, or by panicipating in the discussion, after
having refused the Clerk permission to read his
statement, he begged leave to do it hirmelf, and
if necessary to enable h:m to do so, he would read
it, as a pait of his speech, and he presumed no gen-
t'eman would object to it.
Mr. Peck objected.
Mr. Clifford trus'ed that no gentleman on that
floor would persist in the objection to his reading a
paper which the ClerK had offered to the House in
exp'anation of his conduct; which had so often
been called in question by the most sweeping de-
nunciations. He, Mr. C, did not claim to have
much experience here, but he knew something of
legislative proceedings, and he hid never known
this courtesy to be objected to but in two instances:
one of which was a few days since, « h*'ch was im-
mediate'y overruled, and the other in the Legisla-
ture of Maine, where the request was denied, be-
cause the member was manifestly endeavoring to
consume time unnecessarily.
Leave being granted—yeas 110, nays 68—
The Clerk read the following statement:
House op Represkntati ves U. S Pec. 3,1839.
Congress having adopted no general law to ascertain the title   |
of those who claim a seat in the House of Representatives, por   I
any rule to organize the House itself, in the meaning of the
Constitution, the following investigation is undertaken with  |
the view of eliciting from former precedents, and past usage,
those general principles of parliamentary law which should be
received  and   acknowledged until modified by positive en-
actment.
The Commons House of Parliament, in Great Britain, from
time immemorial, has been organized after the strictest mode
of legal processes. Whenever a Parliament was to be called,
the King gave warrant to the Loid Chancellor to summon the
Lords spiiitual and temporal, and to issue writs ofelection for
the several counties, cities and boroughs, directed to the she-
riffs of the same. By virtue of this authority the sheriffs sent
their precepts to the election officers, commanding them to hold
elections in those places entitled to representation in Parlia-
ment. Return1? of the elections, in the form ofindentures, were
sent to the sheriff, and by him attached to the original writ, and
forwarded to the Crown office, whence they originated, and
were there filed. From these, in one authenUc book, the names
of all the kniehts, citizens, and burgesses were certified to the
Cleik of the House of Commons. On the day the writs were
returnable, (being the day for the meeting of Parliament,) the
Lord 8 eward of the King's Household, in an ante-room, at-
tended by the Clerk of thelCrown, and Clerk of the Commons,
with the rolls of such names of the Commons as were returned,
commanded the rolls to be called, and those who answered to
their names, received the oaths required by law. This cere-
mony completed, the members took their seats in the House,
and waited a summons from the King to come into his presence.
After hearing the King's speech, leave was then granted them
to assemble in their usual place of meeting, and to make a
choice of one from among themselves to be their mouth and
Speaker. The nomination was generally made by one of the
King's officers, and agreed to without a division. If, however,
others were named, the House proceeded to the question, and
directed the Clerk, "sitting at the board, (as theorder is, before
the Speaker be chosen,) to make the question."
From this mode of procedure, two important conclusions are
to be drawn: First, that the Commons were regularly orga-
nized and constituted a House, capable of propounding and
deciding questions, before the election of a Speaker When the
roll had been called, members had answered to their names,
taken the oaths prescribed by law, and seated themselves in
their usual place of meeting, there was then a House of
Commons. The appointment of one to be their mouthpiece,
was important for their own convenience, but not necessaiy to
constitute a House. There wer e Parliaments before Speakers,
is an ancient and significant phrase. Indeed we are told by
historians that at first there were no Speakers; but some person
was selected as Spokesmen" for each particular occasion-
that then the same individual was nominated for the entire ses-
sion, qui avait les paroles pur lea Communes; and not until the
time of Richard 11, was he styled parlout pur les Communes,
or Speaker ofthe Commons.
A memorable case occurred in the time of James II, 1678,
when the Commons were without a Speaker for an entire
week, and at last prorogued without having made an election.
They at first had selected Sir Francis Seymour, and presented
him to the King for confirmation, supposing the ancient usage
in that respect tobe a mere ceremony But the King, wishing
to test the strength of his prerogative, refused to sanction the
nomination. They then returned to their own House, without
any one at their head, Sir Francis not making his appearance.
This occurrence was on Friday; and until the next Thursday
the House was eneaged in long and warm discussions on va-
rious subjects, adjourning at (he same time from day to day.
Piopositions were made to appoint a chairman, and rejected.
Committees were appointed to hold conferences with the King;
others with the House of Lords; others, again, to search the re-
cords for precedents to guide their proceedings and aftei a
week thus spent in fruitless eflorts, they were disbanded with-
out coming to a conclusion among themselves, or an agree-
ment with the Kine. This case is to be found in Grey's De-
bates, vol. 6th, page 404.
The old Colonial Assemblies, having the British Parliament
as a model, were organized in the same way, and ourpieserit
State Legislatures also, varying only in a few unimportant par-
ticulars. Whenever, at the time appointed, members presented
themselves atthe seatof Government, assembled in their usual
place of meeting, took the oaths prescribed by law, and ascer-
tained a quorum to be present by the calling of a roIl¡ there
was then duly constituted a House competent to entertain and
decide all propositions touching the privilege of members, the
claim to contested seats, and whatever else that might ap-
pertain to their more complete organization.
There are doubtless many gentlemen here present, who re-
member cases similar to the one referred to in the British Par-
liament, where their own Legislatures were engaged for days in
discussing- and deciding questions, before the election of a
Speaker—that office being regarded, as it undoubtedly is, a
mere instrument, a labor-saving machine to themselves.
77iesecond conclusion to He drawn from an observation of
the mode of organizing Parliament, is the extreme liability to
fraud, and the imposition of spurious members. None but
those whose names arereeorded on some return filed in the
Crown office, are permitted to take their seats. It is obvious,
therefore, that two officers alone, or either one, the sheriff of
the county who makes the return, and the clerk of the Crown
who flies it, have it in their power to make such returns as they
pease.
Perceiving the great advantage he possessed, the King, at an
early period, attempted to interf're, and dictate who should be
returned to the Commons In 1603, Sir Francis Goodwyn Was
elected from the county of Berkshire; returns were made mdua
form, and sent to the Crown office. The King pronounced him
ineligible, and ordered the Chancellor to issue a new writ;
which was done. Sir John Fortesque, one of ihe King's coun-
cil, was elected, the returns filed, and his name placed on the
rolls of Parliament.
The sturdy and free hearted yeomanry of those old day*
promptly resisted this procedure; and in process of tima suc-
ceeded in wresting from the King his assumed prerogative ol
interfering with the return of members filed in his office of chan-
cery. Driven from this stronghold, he resorted to the next
which proved to be the most vulnerable point. By means ol
secret agents and emissaries, he completely effected his object,
in bribing and suborning the sheriffs and their assistants. The
books of law, and the reports of parliamentary decisions,
are absolutely filled with cases of defective and partial
returns, double returns; and false returns, knowingly
and fraudulently made by those who had takea an oath
to act justly and impartially, but who could not resist there-
wards or the threats of a monarch and his nobility. So thoroughly
rorrupthad Parliament become in consequence of the frauds
practised on the returns of its members, a rule was adopted, in
process of time, bv which those returns were very little regard-
ed. Percelvin  that a rigid adherence to legal processes and
technicalities had not only broken down the charaeter and in-
tegrity of the Commons, but was fast becoming the means of un-
dermining the liberties of the people, they soon learned to draw
a just and obvious distinction between a ciril and political pro-
cess; holding that a strict interpre'ation of the one might screen
the community from the grinding exaction of creditors, whiles
strict adherence to the other was only the means of corrupting
public officers and of practising a fraud on the rights ofthe
people.
So early as 1707, an order was adopted by the Commons,
"that all petitions at any new Parliament, relating to elections
and returns, be delivered to ihe Clerk of the House, and be laid
by him on the table before the Speaker was chosen." And it
was subsequently ordered that those Cases should be considered
before pioceeding to any other business. In the meantime,
those claiming the disputed s^ats, were not allowed to partici-
pate in the proceedings; indeed were prohibited by severe penal-
ties.
Thus we see, that even in England, where the rights of tbe
people are not teearded of paramount importance, the House
of Commons in self-defence, to protect itself from corruption,
and the intrusion of spurious members, was compelled to
disregard the technicalities of law, to look beyond the mere
formalities of a return, which was no longer prima facit. evi-
dence of membership, but an instrument of fraud, to pas* by
all ihosc intermediate stages, so readily and constantly per-
verted, and look at the actual state of the case—the elections,
as they really took place among thuse who had " the right oí
election."
In some of the States of this Union, a similar course ispur-
sued, though their laws, if strictly interpreted, and rigidly ad-
hered to, would place it in the power of die Executive t  acor-
