aos
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
Jan. 1840.
26tK Co"ng««««ist. Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Clifford.
H. of Reps.
reliance for the security of title. It is a familiar
maxim, that no man can transfer to others lights
more extensive than he pessesses. If the grantor
had no estate, nothing passes by the deed. In
many cases, an aaent duly constituted, acting in
pursuance of his delegated authority, may transfer
the rights of his principal; but il he transcends
that authority, his acts are void. The Governor
of a State, in the exercbe of his Executive func-
tions, represents the sovereignty of the people as
in appointments to office, thus conferring power to
act in the name and behalf of the sovereign au-
thority itself. The right to appoint implies the
right of selection, subject only to the constitution
and laws of the State. It is no part of my inten-
tion to misstate the argument. It is n ot asserted, I
admit, ia direct terms, that the Governor of New
Jersey has the right to appoint a member of Con-
gress; but it is asserted that he may commission,
and that his commission, in the first instance, gives
a conclusive right; and if so, it is my object to
prove that it is equivalent to the power of appoint-
ment
Th* proposition was proclaimed without qualifi-
cation, though the gentleman did not condescend to
inform us why it was conclusive, or to define the
boundaries of this divine right, nor when it would
cease to possess this omnipotent character.   All
these matters were left by him to conjuctue. sc far
as I understood.   The question, therefore, may
still be asked, when will it cease to be conclusive?
Another gentleman has said that the commission
is conclusive, until the claim of the member has
been inve.tigated by the Committee of Privileges
and Elections, and decided by the House, but the
commentary, if possible, is worse than tha text.
If the paper is conclusive until decision, it is im-
possible to investigate or decide.    There are some
propositions so perfectly contradictory and irrecon-
cileabie with themselves, that the best answer that
can be made to them is to repeat them.   No autho-
rities have been cied in  support of this position,
for the reason, undoubtedly, that none can be found;
and no one, so far as I recollect, has condescended
to give even his own reflections as to the grounds
upon which a principle, entirely new in the history of
legislative proceedings, is based. If the advocate of
this new kind of estoppel had defined its boundaries,
and given the source from whence it is deprived it
would be less difficult te examine it.   They say the
commission is conclusive in the  first instance, but
they do not incline to give any information why it
is so, nor by what process it is to be divested of its
primary importance, so as to enable the House  to
canvass lbe elections and returns of its members.
In examining this new ground, assumed in be-
half of these pretenders, it is important to under-
stand terms, in order tb  apply them with pre-
cision.   The certificate of the Governor has been
denominated a commission, and regarded in the sense
of a commission of appointment.     This is error.
What is a commission?   Some of the best legal
writers define it,   "Letter patent,   from porper
authority, given to a person as his warrant, for the
exercise of certain  powers, in the sense of dele-
gates with the civilians.   What is the signification
of letters patent?   A writing execnted and sealed,
by Which power and autnoiity are granted to a
person t  do some act or enjoy some right.   It it
manifest that the certificate of returns, in tfeis de-
fined and legal sense, cannot be regarded as a com-
músion, unless we are prepared to sanction the
doefrrne, that, to- some   extent,   the  constituent
principle of representation on this floor is con-
fided to  Executive  discretion.    What is a re-
turn?   In a few words, it is the rendering bsck or
return of a writ, or execution to the proper office
or coort; or the certificate of the officer executing
it, endorsed thereon.   The language of the Consti-
tution,  which ought to have some weight, in my
estimation, is the "returns" of its members.   But
il may be said, as there is no writ so there can be
no return endorsed thereon.   In Eng'and, the elec-
tion being closed, the returning officer of the bo-
rough returns his precept to the sheriff, with the
names of the persons elected by the majority, and
the sheriff returns the whole, together with the writ,
which issued   from the clerk of the  crown in
chancery to the office from which it emanated.
The place of the writ in this country is supplied,
and its offices performed, by the constitution and
laws of the several Slates regulating elections, and
prescribing the time, place, and manner of holding
the same. Consequently, we have nothing but the
ieturn. The object of the writ in England is to fix
the time, and in some instancss, I believe, place of
hilding of the election. Here, that is supplied by
law. So that whether we use the word commis?ion
or return, it is merely a certificate of facts; and, I
grant, when it is formal and legal, it is presump-
tive evidence of the truth of the facts which it cer-
tifies, and it is no more, no less.
Now, sir, every lawyer, as well as every man of
common sense, knows that prima Jacit or presump-
tive evidence, from its very nature, may be con-
trolled by opposing proof, when the presumption is
not in accordance with the truth of the fact to be in-
ferred. No principle of law is better settled or
more generally understood. The application of
this principle to ihe returns of members has never
been denied or questioned in any decision of this
House, but has been uniformly'applied since the
foundation of the Government, in every contested
election, without a solitary exception; and upon
this point Ichallenge contradiction. It is applied
in the House of Commons and in the States of
this Union, and must be applied here, if we have
any regurd for the Constitution or the rights of the
people. The case of Spaulding and Meade is so
eminetly decisive of this point, that no degree of
ingenuity can possibly escape its application.
Now, (said Mr. C.) I will read one of the re-
unís ia dispute, the better to enable the House to
understand what it purports to be on its face.
[l. s].                STATE OF NEW JERSEY.
To----------------.
It appearing to the Governor of the State of New Jersey,
and the Privy Council thereof, thai you haze been elected by
t lie people of the Stale of New Jersey to represent the said State
in the House of Representatives of the Twenty-sixth Congress
of the United States, you, the said -
-, are therefore
commissioned to represent the State of New  Jersey in the
House of Representatives during the Twenty sixth Congress.
This paper is called a commission, though it
does not, on its face, purport to confer any power
independent of the fact of election by the peo-
ple; bnt, if it did, like all the arguments
on the other side, if it proves any thing it proves
Ico much. If its language is to be taken lite-
rally, which no sensible man will pretend, the
person holding it is commissioned during, or
througnout the Twenty-sixth Congress; and it is no
more a violation of any right to examine into
the facts npon which it purports to be founded,
on the first day of the session, than it will be on
th? last. But this paper is no more than a cer-
tificate of facts, certifying that the person holding
it had been elected by the people,which certified fact
is now ascertained to be a falsehood, and was equal-
ly well known to be so at the time the certificate
was made; and yet, if the argument holds,good it
is binding npon the deliberations of Congress for
an indefinite peiicd of time. I have before at-
tempted to prove that it is a return, and not a com-
mission in the seme of the Constitution and that
its sufficiency must depend, in case of dispute,
upon the truth of the fact which it affirms.
g|Much has been said about disfranchisement,
State sovereignly, and the violation of Jtate
laws, as if it were impossible to investigate the
legal pretensions of these claimants without in
spine measure, degrading or infringing tha sove-
reignty of the people óf New Jeisey; but those
charges are so undefined, and undefinable, that it
is yet uncertain, in my own mind, whether I un-
derstand the precise grounds upon which they are
attempted to be sustained; or, indeed, if they are
expected to be regarded in any o'.her lght than as
the merest appeals of party declamation to the
passions and prejudices of the local feeling* of the
people; but, as they have been repeatedly put
forth, for what purpose it is not necessary to
inquire, it becomes important to give them a
passing remark.
It is leadily admitted that, in the absence of na-
tional leg station, it is the right of the States to pre-
scribe the time, place, and manner of holding
elections, and that State regulations in this behalf
are of binding obligation upon the deliberations of
Congress, and thus far there is no conflict of juris-
diction; and when this is admitted, nothing farther
can be claimed, as all must perceive, wuhout ne-
cessarily bring ng into colisión the highly impor-
tant power of both branches of Congress, in refer-
ence to the election of their members, with the
laws of the several States. All State laws, there-
fore, upon this subject, which look to other objects
than those to which allusion has been made, ate
enacted to: the convenience of Congress, and sub-
ordinate to the Federal Constitution, which make?
this House the sole "judge of the return of iis
members.." It isa very poor compliment to the
general intelligence of that patri'oic State, to sup.
pose thai its citizens can be .deceived by such sha-
dowy denunciations, or imaginary wrongs, having
no existence except in the distempered imagina-
tions of violent partisans.
Without futther remark, (said Mr. C.) upon this
part of the cas-e, I will ask a few moment's atten-
tion to the election laws of New Jersey, which are
pertinent to the inquiry, and, also, to the facts of
the case. Very ample provision is made against
error or fraud on the part of the subordinate return-
ing officers, with a view, as all will readily admit,
to secure to the majority of the Sute the represen-
tation of its choice:
"To tike an account of, and cast up the votes given for
each candidate, make a list of the spme, which list they shall
sign, certify, seal up, direct, and trarsmit to the clerk of the
county, who shall attend at the court-house of the county on
the Saturday next after the day of election, for the pur-
pose of receiving the same, which list shall be delivered to him
before five o'clock in the afternoon of said day, which said
clerk shall proceed, in a public manner, to make one general
list of all the candidates voted for as aforesaid, together with the
numbei>of votes received for each of them, and shall transmit
the fame, at the expense of the Slate, to the Governor or per-
son administering the Government, within seven days thereaf-
ter, having first caused a duplicate thereof to be filed in his
office, together with the lists irom the said townships."
The Governor is directed:
"If the certified lists of votes given for Representative  in
Congress shall not be received from the clerks of any of the
c unties of the State, by him, within seven days af^er the time
prescribed by law for Casting up the same, &c. by the clerks
as aforesaid, forthwith to send express to the clerk of the county
or counties from which such certified lists have not been re-
ceived, and to procure the same at the expense of the State."
The Governor is also diiecled:
"Within five days after receiving the said lists, to lay the
same lie fore a Privy Council, to be ty him sun mined for that
purpose, and, af.er casting up the whole number of vote  from
the several counties, for each candidate, the said Governor and
Privy Council shiH determine the six persons who have the
greatest number of votes from the whole State, for Representa-
ties in Congress of the United States fro n this State," and
Coi th with commission them, «fee.
The clerk of Middlesex county, ¡n his return to
the Governor enumerated the return fnm each
township, except the township of South Amboy,
ia regard to which he appended in substance that
he had received no return made according to law.
The certificate on its face shows, beyond
controversy, that gome return had been re-
ceived, and that the clerk had been guilty
of an unwarrantable assumption of power, and ia
no way justified by the laws of New Jeisey,
and ¿honld have received with promptness the cor-
recting hand of the Governor. In tue case from
the county of Cumberland, the return frem the
township of Millville was made to the clerk of the
county, in due form of law, but was delayed
about five hours behind the t me required by law,
and was rejected by the clerk, and omitted by ihe
Governor. Both tbete returns, which had been
improperly rejeced by the subordinate officers,
were immeliatsly sect up to the Governor, and
by him laid before the Privy Council, with the re-
sidue of the votes of the State, Iut were not in-
cluded in the ultimate return now on the table, for
the reason that those high functisnaries had not
received them through the medium of the clerks
of the respective counties, although the 4aw of
New Jer.-ey makes it the doty of the Governor, in
all such cases, within seven days after the time
prescribed by law for casting up the re'utns, forth-'
with to send an express to the e'erks of the
county or counties, from which such certificate
lists have not been received, and to procure tHe
.•ame at the expense ot the State; and the only way
this plain duly is attempted to be obviated, and the
only excuse put forth for its non-performance, is
cot t .lined in Ihe grave assertion that, asa return
had teen received, no matter how fraudulent,toe
Governor could not know that it was incomplete*
This is srecial pleading of the most odious <***
I racter, What are the "certified lUU'Ufvoteswhub,
