«10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
26th ConO""1st Sess.
the official character of the Governor, and im-
parls do verity to the facts set forth in the certifi-
cate.   If the argument could have weight, like
many ethers which have been adduced oh the same
side, it would prove too much; and, if carried out,
glance at some of the most important.   It forcibly
reminds me of the maxim, that truth is simple,
error complex.   But the several propositions, iire
concilable and contradictory as they are, have a
common object, to defeat or delay the just rights of
the members who are entitled to seats from the
fact of election.   There is, however, one other
argument, if it may be called such, which should
not be passed by in silence; not because it pos-
sesses the virtue even of plausibility, but because
it is supremely ridiculous.   It is derived from the
official sanctity of the seal of State.   Disclaiming
any intention to treat with indignity the public
ferently constituted, and was intended to subserve
many different purposes.    Like the House of Re-
presentatives, it has legislative   powei; but,   in
many cases, it also exercises judicial and executive
functions.     It therefore became necessary, in the
formation of the Government, to provide for its
perpetuity—a characteristic which does not belong
to the lower House, though consolidationis's have j
attempted to maintain it.     Consequently, when
vacancies happen during the recess of the Legisla- j
ture of  any   State,   "the   Executive   authority ,
thereof may make temporary appointments until j
the next meeting of the Legislature, which shall
then fill such vacancies.."
This case stands alone in the Constitution, and is
an exception, growing out of necessity, to a rule
otherwise universal, that the Executive of a State
cannot constitute or appoint, direc'ly or indirectly,
a member of either branch of Congress. In such
cases, the Governor appoints and commissions.
The selection rests in his discretion, and the field is
as broad and open to him as the Legislature. The
authority of the Senator emanates from the Execu-
tive, through whom he derives power to represent
the sovereignty of the State. In all other cases,
the Senator* are elected by the Legislature; but
the return, like the return of a member, issues from
the Governor. It may not be uninstructive to
know the difference between the return, in case of
an election, and the commission, in case of an ap-
pointment.
RETURN.
------------Governor of the State of Mississippi,
To all who shall see these presents, cresting:
Whereas the Legislature of the State of Mississippi did, on
the thirtieth day of January, anno Domini 1839, elect------------
esquire, a Senator in the Congress of the United States for the
constitutional term of six years, from the fourth day of March
next. Now, know ye, that, in consequence thereof, and by vir-
tue of the Constitution and laws, T do hereby certify that -----
------is duly elected Senator in the Congress of the United States,
from the State of Mississippi, for the constitmioanl term of six
yean, from the fourth day of March next.
COMMISSION.
Tub Stats of Mississippi:
To all who shall see these presents, greeting:
Whereas, a vacancy has occurred in tne office of Senator in
the Congress of the United States, by the resignation of the Hon.
—-----, of the State of Mississippi,
Now, know ye, that in consequence thereof, and by virtue
of the Constitution of the United States, and the constitution
and laws of this State, we do hereby appoint------------, of-----,
Senator in Congress, to fill said vacancy, and empower him, the
■aid------------, to execute and fulfil the duties of that office ac-
cording to law, and to continue in office for the period prescribed
by the Constitution of the United States.
In testimony whereof, I,------------, Governor of the State
tit. a.] aforesaid, have caused these letters to be made patent,
and the great seal of the State to be hereunto affixed.
Bat again: If the power contended for does not
exist, the important limitations as to the qualifica-
tions ot members, or perhaps 1 should say the dis-
qualification, of individuals, may often be de-
feated.
"No person shall be a Representative who shall not have at-
tained to the age of twenty-five years, and been seven years a
citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be
«n inhabitant of that State in which he shall be chosen."
If the doctrine assumed on the other side be true,
minors and aliens, as well as the citizens of a
foreign Statermay be enabled, by virtue of a re-
turn, to ride over these salutary restrictions.
Further:
"No person holding any office under the United States,
•ball be a member of either House during his continuance in
oAm."
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] has
a very great horror of Executive influence upon
t|M delibf ntíons of Congress.   In the ardor of his
State Debts—Mr. Webster.
zeal to resist it, the shadow is mistaken for the
substance. No retreat is so remote, no citadel so
safe from its approach, that, in the lofty concep-
tions of his imagination, he does not see the strong
arm of Executive domination held in Itrrwtm over
hi* head, and himself in danger of annihilation.
Like the Indian in pursuit of his God, he sees it in
the cloud and hears it in the wind. Bui, sir, dis-
guise it as he may, if his construction prevails, the
highest officers of the Government, civil or military,
may have seats in either branch of Congress for an
indefinite period; and the very Executive influ-
ence which he so much dreads may be exerted
in the most direct, and, therefore, most dangerous
form—to perpetua'e the power unconstitutionally
obtained—in utter prostration not only of the pri-
mary principle of representation, but the letter of
the Constitution itself.
Permit me to suggest another difficulty. The
personal identity of members must be ascertained,
even in the call of the roll. The experience of this
session proves conclusively to my mind that gene-
ral consent will be always unattainable when any
thing of importance is to be decided in a delibera-
tive assembly. Identity itself is a question of fact
dependent upon evidence in case of dispute, and
cannot be determined except by a tribunal of com-
petent authority. It has already appeared that the
incidental powers of Congress are derived from a
principle of necessity, gi owing out of an existing
obligation to carry in o effect other powers, which
are expressly delegated. Is it not necessary and
proper to exclude a forged return the moment it
appears in this Hall? The interrogatory speaks its
own answer. The power of Congress over the
returns of its members cannot be abridged without
danger on all sides. The certificates would at
once become negotiable in the election of the
Speaker, and other officers, and members may vote
by pToxy with impunity.
It has been my desue to treat this subject fairly
and with candor,-and to come to a correct result.
How lar I have succeeded, rru-t be left to the judg-
ment of others. My own mind rests satisfied with
these conclusions, that the ultimate return of th«
Governor is only prima/ocie or presumptive evi-
dence of right, and, like all other presumptive evi-
dence, is open to opposing proof; and that the proof
exhibited is ample and plenary to control the
prima facie presumption arising fiom the certificate;
and that the power of this House to ascertain its
own members, is coeval with the assembling of
Congress.
Before I conclude, with permission, will say
one word to the gentleman from Virginia, who sits
before me, with no intention to question thee pro-
priety of his course. But as he has diverted to
the new relation which he bears to this controversy,
and as there is s«me analogy between the Commit-
tee of Elections and a jury of trials, he will permit
me to relate to him an anecdote which took place
in the courts of Maine. A gentlemen of great
eminence at the bar, while addressing a jury in the
defence, was interrupted by the foreman, durng the
exordium of his remarks, in a manner to indicate
that he had prejudge the «ause. The counsellor
heard him patiemly, but immediately remarked,
that as it was manifest the foreman had formed an
opinion, he would address himself to his eleven fel-
lows; and throughout the argument, whichwascon-
vincingand unanswerable, was very careful to have
it understood 'hat he was speaking to the eleven ju-
rors.who had formed no opinion. (After the cause was
committed, the jury retired, but in a few minutes
returned into court with a verdict for the defend-
ant. Curiosity was excited, as the law of the
State requires unanimity in verdict. It was soon
ascertained that the foreman, sensibly impressed
with the impropriety of his course, had submitted
the cause to the decision of his fellows, declaring
his willingness to concur in the result. It is to be
hoped the moral wil lbe lost
One word of politics, s;r, and I have done. We
have heard of the rising prospects of the Whig
party—that a new impetus has been given to Whig
principles—that they are sweeping ever the land
like fire in the prairie. Be not deceived; the hour
is not yet come; but it will come, and, judging
from the late victories in the South and West, on
Senate.
the one side, and from the more recent whisperings
of discontent, jealousy, and disappointment on the
other, it does not require the gift of prophecy to
foretell that a brilliant victory awaits the friends of
freedom and equal rights in the total overthrow of
Federalism, with all its kindred evils, from which
its supporters will not be able to rxover during
the next quarter of a century.
THE PROTECTIVE POLICY.
REMARKS  OP   MR.   WEBSTER,
In Senate, March 3, 1840.
The Report of the Select Committee on the as-
sumption of the State Debts being under conside-
ration—
Mr. WEBSTER said it was not his purpose, at
present, to enter far into the wide field of debate
which was opened by this discussion. Another
opportunity would probably present itself for the
expression of his opinions upon the general state
of the country, and the measures which he thought
to be called for by the crisis. My single purpose
now (said Mr. W.) is to make a few remarks upon
the speech of the honorable member from South
Carolina, delivered some days ago, or, rather, upon
some of the topics of that speech. I had not the
pleasure of hearing the speech, but I have read it
attentively, with the respect due to the subject and
to the author, and the remarks which I propose to
make upon it I desire to address to the honorable
member himself, and his friends who think with
him, as well as to the rest of the country. It is
an able speech, showing much thought and reflec-
tion, as well as much acuteness, and exhibiting, on
the whole, a sp.nt apparently not unkind towards
all the great interests of/ihe country. My remarks
shall be in the same spirit.
I. In treating of protection, or protecting duties,
the first proplsitiorjf of the honorable member is,
that all duties laid on imports really fall on exports;
that they are ajtolljpaid for going to market. This,
certainly, is no? veiy obvious, but he says it is the
received doctrépe/ of the South. He does not
argue the point k  this occasion; he only states it
as the fixed betef of the South. I shall not
argue it, but content myself with saying that I
have never been able to agree to this doctrine.
The question was debated with much ability some
years ago between my honorable colleague and a
distinguished gentleman from South Carolina—
both being at that time members of the other House.
The South Carolina doctrine was then called the
" Forty-bale Theory;" and the result of the discus-
sion certainly left most of us in the North still ad-
hering to the old doctrine, viz: that when duties
are laid upon imported articles, it is the consumer
who pays; and of course, that each part of the
country pays in exact proportion to what it con-
sumes. We think that the trade outwards has
little or nothing fe do with the subject. We think
the substantial question is, who consumes the
taxed article? lean, indeed, conceive a possible
case in which this general truth might be qualified.
If one country exported to another a raw material
which it could sell nowhere else, and which no
other country could furnish, why then, so far as
duties on imports affected the sale of fabrics manu-
factured from that raw material, or perhaps other
articles imported into the country producing it as
its equivalent in return, so far it might be true that
the duties would have an influence to check ex-
portation. But no such case exists with us. The
South and the West sell their cotton both at home
and abroad. But ihry are not the sole pro-
ducers of cotton. They have competitors. There is
a market on both continents; and in one of them they
find the cotton of South America, Texas, India,
and Egypt, in a struggle for prices with their own.
Our Southern and Western States have a fair de-
mand; nothing obstructs their sales; as in all other
cases, the prices ate regulated by the supply and
the demand. The pay no duty on going oat, and
if they can produce as cheaply as others, they can
afford to sell as cheap. Their commodity, sold in
foreign markets, mingles with the commerce of the
world. They have received their price, for it, and
their connection with it hat ceased.   Whether it
