Sid
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
26th Cono'«"1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
If they find a customer at home who pays a good
price, their object is answered. The true question,
therefore, in this respect is, not whether they export
as much, but whether they sell as much, and at as
good prices; and unless all the rules of trade are
false, the fact of there being two markets for the
sale of a commodity, instead of one, tends strong-
ly to keep up and to keep steady the price of the
article to be sold.
III. There is a third general idea .of the honora-
ble gentleman, upon which I would make a few
observations.
It is, that the South and West are the great con-
sumers of the products of the manufacturers of the
North and East; that the capacity of the South to
consume depends on her great staples; and that the
sale of these depends mainly on a foreign market.
Now, I have already said that if the South can
sell her cotton, or part of it, to New England, for
the same prices, it is as well for her as to sell it all
to Old England. Her income depends on the price,
not on the place oí sale. If an export of sixty
millions is reduced to an export of forty millions,
inconsequence of there having been found a market
at home for twenty millions, it is not only no
worse tor the South, but is in truth much better.
This is perfectly plain; and I must confess it has
always appeared to me tobe the strangest thing in
the world that our Southern friends should look
with jealousy and ill will on a market, rising up in
the North and East, for their own great staple—
thus not only giving them the general advantage of
another large market, which advantage is itself al-
ways great,but giving them the additional advantage
of a nearer market, and a more certain and steady
market, because not so liable to be disturbed either
by the political events or the commercial contin-
gencies of Europe. I have inquired much into
this subject, and I find that intelligent merchants in
New Orleans and Mobile regard the home market
as of very great importance to the cotton planter.
The Eastern demand, they say, comes in early,
takes away the first part of the crop, and helps,
therefore, to fix the price, and to fix it high. Some
have estimated this advantage as equivalent to
two cents on the pound of cotton. All must see,
I think, that it is a clear and great advantage, and
I wish the subject might be calmly considered and
weighed by the honorable member from South
Carolina and his friends.
But, at any rate, the fact that some portion of her
annual product, instead of beisg exported, is sold
at home, cannot possibly diminish the capacity of
the South to buy and consume the manufactured
articles of the East, or any other articles. The
cotton planter sends [his crop to New York; it is
there sold, and all at the same price. How does it
affect his income, or his ability to purchase what he
wants, whether all his cotton so sold be sent to Eu-
rope, or part of it carried to be manufactured in
Massachusetts?
But, now, look to the other side. Of what con-
sequence is it to the North and East that the South
is able to buy their productions, if overwhelming
importations from abroad render them unable to
sustain competition? If the cheaper labor of Eu-
rope underbids them in every thing—if these fre-
quent inundations of foreign commodities break
up their establishments, how are they benefited by
the ability of the South to buy and consume? So
that, turn it as we will, it all comes back to the
steady price and security of labor. And all the the-
ories lately started, and pressed with so much ear-
nestness, go directly and necessarily to one point,
and that is, the reduction of the price of labor. On
this I might say much, but, at present, will confine
myself to one or two remarks.
In the first place, when labor is employed, labor
can consume; when it is not employed, it cannot
consumer. Who buys'the pork and the lard ©f the
Northwestern States? "Who takes the corn of
North Carolina and Virginia, and the flour of the
latter ¿tale? Is it not the North and the East?
Virginia and Carolina have no better customer
than Massachusetts. To say nothing of the amount
of naval stores received from North Carolina, and
used by the navigating interest of the East, let me
only refer to breadstuff's. Two millions of bushels
of corn and four hundred thousand barrels of flour
have been imported into the single city of Boston
in one year. Most of this corn is from North
Carolina and Virginia, and much of the floor from
Virginia. I find it has been estimated that up-
ward of six miííioní of dollars have been paid by
Massachusetts for breadstuffs imported in a single
year. All this is consumed and paid for by em-
ployed labor. Take away employment from our
labor, or drive it from its accustomed pursuits, and
its power of consumption is at an end.
But not only does the protection of labor in the
North and East enable it to buy the products of the
Souih, but all protection of labor increases gene-
ral consumption. Hence we find that the manu-
facture of many useful articles at home does not
diminish the aggregate amount of importations.
. This is a very important trath, and all our history
confirms it. I have looked at the tables of exports
and imports, from the very first origin of this Go-
vernment, and I do not find any thing to counte-
nance the idea that imports, in the aggregate, fall
off in consequence of protecting labor at home.
There were quite as great fluctuat ons, forty or
forty-five years ago, as there have been since the
tariff of 1824. A well employed and prosperous
community can buy and consume. An ill em-
ployed communily cannot buy and consume. This
is the solution of the whole matter, and the whole
science of political eccnomy has not one truth of
half so much importance as this.
One word more. The experiment of low wages
has been often tried. We see it going on now in
Asia and many parts of Europe. My colleague
has recently given us a list of the prices of labor
in various countries. We know what those coun-
tries are, and the condition of the people is.
On the other hand, we have tried the experiment *
of high wages, and have we not made the best con-
dition of society, for the general happiness of all
classes, that has ever existed upon the face of the
earth?
IV.  A fourth sentiment of the honorable mem-
ber is, that the removal of a'l duties increases the
exportation of articles manufactured at home. I
cannot conceive how this can be true. If foreign-
ers can beat us in our own market, they can beat
us elsewhere. The exports of domestic articles, in
the years stated in the tables which the honorable
gentleman has read, are not at all referable, I think,
to any such cause as he supposes; that is to say,
some natural cause, necessarily producing such a
result. The troth is, that prices fell at that time, in
consequence of excessive importations from Europe,
and the holders of our own manufactured goods wer 
obliged to get rid of them by exportation or other-
wise, in the best manner they could. It is known
that our exports of manufactured articles have been
very variable and irregular. When importations
have been great, and pnces become reduced, then ex-
portation has taken place. Our manufacturers
have, in many instances, shown much skill in the
fabrication or articles suited to foreign markets.
For a while, they have been successful, in some
degree; but the English have always been ready to
imitate them, and profit by their example. If a
particular artice, manufactured in the United
States, has been found capable of being sold to a
profit in the Mediterranean, in South America, in
India, or in China, the English manufacturer has
immediately set himself to work to produce a simi-
lar article, and to drive the American article out
of the market, by a like article afforded at a lower
price, because the result of cheaper labor. These
English articles have often been sold as American
products. The stamp of "Lowell" and "Tremont
Mills," or "Lawrence Mill?," has been found in
Asia and South America, on articles manufactured
at Manchester.
V.  Finally, the honorable member is of opinion
that the whole system of protection was prostrated,
and is prostrated, cut up root and branch, and
exterminated forever, by the State interposition of
South Carolina. He has often expressed this
opinion before. I only take notice of it now, as
he has expressed it very strongly, and, as it leads
me to fear that I have been wrong in the ex-
pectation that I have been willing to cherish, that
be himself would see both the justice and the poli-
I tical wisdom gf giving moderate and reasonable
protection, and of continuing it, so long as neces-
sary, to some of the great, leading, and important
branches of domestic industry.
I have only to add that I wish men, of all par.
ties, who entertain the opinion tha' duties on im-
ports fall heavily and unequally on the Souih,
would calmly reconsider that opinion. Look to
the great article ot woollen cloths—where are they
most consumed, because most necessary? Our la-
borers cannot, and must not, be left shivering un-
der a Northern sky wiih the slight clothing which
may be sufficient to protect the laborer of the
South. They must have woollens, and they pay
the price for them, and pay the price enhanced, if en-
hanced by the duties; and pay it willingly, for the sake
of being secured in the hopes of a reasonable re-
ward for their labor. Thish;avy article, one of
those which pays most revenue, is consumed in the
North, out of all proportion, more than in the
South. Look to iron, another important article.
The remarks applicable to woollens are applicable
to this also; and the more so, as the manufactur-
ing districts themselves are great consumers of
iron. The same may be said ot lead, and many
other articles.
Sir, it is not my object to show that the Sou h
does not pay her part of the public contributions.
I admit, most cheerfully, that she does pay her
part; but my purpose has been to show, if I cou'd,
that she does not bear so unequal and unjust a por-
tion of the public burdens as the gentleman has
supposed. I am quite sure that a calm and dis-
passionate consideration of this whole subject by
intelligent and enlightened men, on either side of
the Potomac, would result in the conviction that
there is really no such wide difference, in regard to
what the interests of the different parts of the coun-
try require, as ought either to endanger the securi-
ty of the Union or create ill-will. For myself, I
fully and conscientiously believe that, in regard to
this whole question, the interest of the North and
East is entirely reconciliable to the real, solid, and
permanent interest of the South and West.
REMARKS OF MJtfCALHOUN,
t         IN  R PLY.
It affords me|pleasure/to say, that the Senator
has discussed jhs questions on which he has
touched in a cajlm ana liberal manner, worthy of
their magnitud) , ana honorable to himself; and
I sincerely ho$e jfhat when the general revi-
sion of the tariff, j^hich must come up at the next
session, shall beíánder consideration, that the dis-
cussion shall partake of the same temperate cha-
racter. I, for one, pledge myself to meet the ques-
tion wiih the utmost candor and fairness, having a
single eye to the common interest of the whole, as
far as may be consistent with justice to the pans.
The first point which the Senator has made the
subject of his remarks—that duties on exports and
imports were virtually the same, as far as the sta-
ple States are concerned—was not advanced by me
as an argument bearing on the portion of my
speech relating to the protective system, to which
he has confined his reply. It was connected with
another and dissimilar topic, and advanced rather
as the settled opinion of the South, than as argu-
ment; but it is proper to say, since it has been
questioned on this occasion, that my conviction of
its truth is deep, aud that I shall be prepared to
make it good whenever a suitable occasion offers.
1 do not regard the present as such, because its
truth or error can have little bearing on the points
now in discussion between us.
The next point which he made the subject of re-
mark, is the position that, in the present state of
our country, the effect of a protective tariff is to
expand the currency in the manufacturing portion
of the Union, till the increased expense of produc-
tion, in consequence of the expansion, becomes
equal to the protection, when protection ceases
against foreign importation, and new dutirs are
required.* I am willing to leave the argument on
this important position where it now stands be-
• 'It is Mr. Webster's second head in the report of his re-
marks. I have given the ftosition, which he questioned, in my
own language, as that in which lie has couched it does not truly
exprese the principie which I «Maintained.
