Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21.'
£6th Cowo««-1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. lulton.
Senate.
tween the Senator and myself, and shall confine
what I have to say to one or two points inciden-
tally connected with it.
I, then, entirely concur with the Senator, that
the imports and exports of a country, taking a
series of years, and allowing for the profit and
loss of trade, must be equal; but there is another
position, the counter part of that which, though
not less true, is not so generally seen or admitted:
that ihe amount of the exports must, in the long
run, be limited by that of the imports. None will
deny that if we are not permitted to import, we
cannot long continue to export; unless, indeed, we
should be willing to give away the product of our
labor.
So again, if we are not permitted to import
more than a given amount in value, annually, say
forty millions, our exports, on the same principle,
in the end, will sink to the same point. Again, it the
great and leading articles of consnmption are pro-
hibited, or admitted only on the payment of extra-
vagant duties, so as to diminish the amount of the
imports, it must have a corresponding effect on that
of the exports. Now, I ask, what must be the ef-
fect of this principle applied to a protective tariff,
in the present state of our export trade? Our ex-
port of home productions is about one million
annually. Suppose an act should be passed pro-
hibiting all imports except gold and silver. Such
an act would not prevent the shipment of our great
staples, cotton, tobacco, and rice. We make more
than can be consumed at home, and the surplus
must be sent abroad, however great would be the
fall of price and the sacrifice, in consequence of
such an act. Put down the full amount at one
half, there would still be an importation of forty or
fifty millions in spscie; and what, I would ask,
would be the effect of so large a supply, but a
corresponding expansion of the currency and rise
of prxes. But suppose, instead of such an act,
<:ne should be passed prohibiting a greater amount
of imports than one half of the usual quantity;
would not a proportional expansion and rise of
prices follow? And must nut the effect be the
same, if, instead of prohibition, high duiies were
laid, amounting almost to prohibition on most of
the leading articles of consumption, equaling in va-
lse one half of the usual importation? And, finally,
wiuli not the specie, imported in consequence
of such an act, centre in that portion of the coun-
try where such fnicies were manufac'ured, and be
followed there by a corresponding rise of prices?
The argcunent, it seems to me, is irresistible,
and, of ¡self, establishes the position which the
Senator controverts. If, to this, the fact be added
that the table of exports and imports, and the history
of ibe protective sys'em, corresponds in every par-
ticular with the operation I have deduced from it,
as a necessary consequence, it appears to be con-
clusive. Thfse tables will show, just as duties
were imposed or repealed, the exports decreased
or increased; so much so, that alter the great re-
duction in 1833, the exports of the great staples
nearly doubled in four years, and that of domestic
manufactures rose sixty-six per cent, in six. In
speaking of the exports of our great staples,altbough
I referred to the exports to foreign countries, I
might have shown that the increase was not at ihe
expense of the home market; so far otherwise, if I
am not greatly deceived, their exports Nonh in-
creased at the same time, but not in the same pro-
portion.
The Senator seemed to doubt whether the tariff
of 1828 increased wages  I had no means of as-
certaining the fact from documentary evidence,
but think it impossible that the vast increase of the
. currency which the tables shows, took place in the
maatrfactaring portion of the Union, after that tariff
could fail to rake prices generally there, including
wages. I well remember that a former Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilkiss,] who resided in
Pittsburg, informed me, io a conversation, that
blacksmiths' wages were doubled there, in conse-
quence of that measure,
I cheerfully admit, withthe Senator, that the home
market is preferable to the foreign. It has many ad-
vantages; and among them r would prefer it ofl
ihe ground that whatever might be gained by
convwiiBj ortr rair materials into goods, would
accrue to onr own brethren of ihe North, than
to strangers, provided it be not done by sacrificing
our interest. But how is this to be effected? Oar
great staples are top abundant to be consumed at
home. Take, for instance, cotton. If every yard
of cotton goo^s consumed in the United States was
the product of our own manufactures, it would not
take more than four hundred thousand ba'es to
supply the home demand, that is, but one-fifth of
the amount produced; while the amount pro-
duced cannot be less than two million bales,
including what is consumed at home. What
is to be done with the other four-fifths?
We must cease to produce it, or it must be
consumed abroad. The effect of a high tariff is
to curtail the production; but that only tends to di-
minish ourcapacity to consume,by impoverishing u*,'
and thus causing a conflict between our interest and
themanufacturingportionoftheUnion. Howisthis
to be avoided, and the interests of all parts recon-
ciled? That is the great problem. I see but one
way, and that is, for our manufactures to com-
mand the foreign market; when our cotton would
be shipped in the shape of yarn and goods, instead
of the raw state. This we would greatly prefer.
But how is this to ?he accomplished, except by a
sound, stable and uniform currency, and lew du-
ties, as I explained when I addressed the Senate
when firet up on this question? Snch are my views,
formed after much reflection. If I am in error, I
am honestly so. Truth, and truth only, is my ob-
ject, accompanied by an anxious desire to see the
interests of this great country harmonized on just,
fair, and liberal principles. It is impossible they can
be on any other.
I agree with the Senator that currency is liable
to be disturbed by many and various, and power-
ful cause, some more, and others less perma-
nent. I do not think that it has yet recovered
from the effects of the long and exhausting
wars, which terminated in the overthrow of
the late Emperor of France. At its termi-
nation, the currency of Christendom was in an
unsound and unnatural state, particularly this
country and Great Britain, in both of which paper
had superseded gold and silver. We were the first
to resume specie payatents, which gave the pre-
cious metals a direction to this country. Great
Britain resumed some years after, when it took an
opposite direction, and hence the heavy exports of
specie in '21, '22, and '23. The tariff of '24
checked that for a time, and that of '28 gave the
currency a direction hitherward again; which was
followed by the operation of other and powerful
causes, down to the late suspension, as I have
shown in my remarks when I fiTst spoke on the sub-
ject; but I feel assured that the expansion which fol-
lowed ihe tariff of '28 is truly to be attributed to it,
not only because there was no other cause at the
time to which it could be attributed, but because it
was of itself adequate to produce the effec', and
because its duration and modification, in every par-
ticular, were such as might be expected from it.
I agree with the Senator as to the great impor-
tance of uniformity of prices, but am firmly of the
opinion that nothing short of ihe restoration of the
currency contemplated by the Constitution, and a
surrender of the protective system, can insure the
uniformity which he so justly appreciates.
Passing over the ether remarks of the Senator,
which I am willing to leave, as it now stands be-
tween him and myself, I shall conclude by making
a few observations on the objection he makes to the
position that low duties are favorable to the expor-
tation of articles manufactured at home. He
thinks that the increase of the exports of such arti-
cles, alter the reduction of the duties in '33, is not
to be attjibutf d to the reduction, but to the exces-
sive previous importations from Europe, which
compelled our manufacturers to get rid of their
stock by seeking'a for«i n market. Without ad-
mitting or denying the fact of such excess of impor-
tation of the foreign articles, at this time, a deci-
sive answer to the objection may be found in the
explanationa afforded by the tables themselves. In
the *m%t place, the increase of the exports, as will
appear-by reference to the tables, was steadily pro-
gressive.each succeeding year being higher than the
preceding, just as the duties went off, and the last
year of which we have these returns, '38,
the highest of all. In the next place,
the falling off, under ihe tariffs of '24
and '28, followed almost as steadily the
same law throughout the long period of eight
years, making, for ihe two periods taken together,
fourteen yrars, which clearly shows tbat the cause
is not to be found in any accidental state ot the mar-
ket. But there is a third and conclusive reason, that
the great staples of the country followed the sJme
law through both periods, and to which the cause
assigned by the Senator cannot apply. To this,
if further proof be necessary, may be added the
general argument already sta'ed, that any limita-
tion on the imports, whether by prohibition or
high dutie , must act as a limitation on the ex-
ports,and, which is equally applicable, to the staples,
and the home manufacturers.
Let me now say, Mr. President, in conclusion,
that I believe that we have reached the point of
time, when the interest of every section of our wide
spreadconntry, North, East, South, and West, may
be reconciled, and the industry of the whole be
placed on the firmest and most durable basis.
What we want is calm and deliberate discussion,
with a spirit to seek the truth, and to do equal
justice to all. I shall come to the question in that
spirit myself, and if the discussion shall take a
different character, the blame shall not lie at my
door.
SPEECH OF MR. FULTON,
OF ARKANSAS,
In Senate, Tuesday, March 3, 1840—On the repol
of the Select Committee on the assumption of
the debts of the States by the General Govern-
ment.
Mr FULTON addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President: Through the kindness of my
friend from Tennessee, an opportunity has been
afforded me, to occupy a small portion of your
time today, But, sir, I do not rise to go over the
wide field of discussien, which has been indulged
in by Senators, in the course of this debate. I
have a few words to say upon the subject of
State debts, and the application of the national
revenue, whether derived from customs or lands,
to their payment, and I intend to confine my-
self strictly to an explanation of my views and
opinions upon subjects which I consider to be
deeply interesting to my constituents. An im-
perious sense of duty to myself and to the State
I have the honor in part to represent, will, I trust,
excuse this trespass upon your already exhausted
patience, and I hope that the Senate will indulge
me, although it may not be in my power to pre-
sent much that can be regarded as1 either new or ori-
ginal, upon the subject under consideration. It is
said, sir, that the passage of these resolutions
will affect injuriously the character and credit of
the States. It therefore becomes peculiarly our
dsty, as Senators, to consider well our conduct be-
fore we take a step which may be calculated,
in the slightest degree, to do such mischief as
some Senators seem to think will result from
adopting the resolutions and sanctioning this re-
port. I have listened attentively, sir, to what has
been said on both sides of this chamber; and I
have heard nothing which has at alt alarmed
me, as to the effect these proceedings are calcu-
lated to produce upon State stocks and State
credit, or which has induced me for a moment
to doubt the propriety of voting for the original
resolutions, or for those which have been report-
ed to the Senate.
What, sir, is the object and purpose of this re-
port and ih?fe resolutions? They aré merely de-
clarations that the Federal Government is incapa-
ble of assuming ths payment of the" bonds is-
sued by the several States; and that such as-
sumption, as a'so the appropriation oí the Proceeds
cf the public domain for that purpose, wbu Id be
not only unjust and h;ghly inexpedient, but would
also be dangerous to the union of the States—un-
authorized by, and in violation of, the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and utterly repugnant
to all Ihe objects and purposes for ^h'ch the
Federal Union was formed. Now, sir, I would ask
how eant such resolutions affect the character or
