Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
i 26th ConG"««1st Sbss.
State Debts—Mr. Fulton.
Senate.
of the Bank of the United States, in her- powerful
attempt to control the moneyed affairs of the whole
Union, and when speculations of all kinds had
grown up to such an alarming height. Why, sir,
in that short time, th« Stales created debts to the
amount of one hundred and eight millions. Thus
the State  have become indebted, in eighteen years,
for roads, canals, and for banking, to the amount
of one hundred aad seventy millions. And what, Mr.
President, has been the result? Why, sir, a sudden
stop has been pnt to the sale of State bonds. The
bankers of Europe refuse to loan the States any
more money; and some of these States, with their
valuable and costly works unfinished, are refused
the means of completing them, unless the United
States will give her pledge for the redemption of
•/{the Stats debts. This was the situation in
which we found ourselves at the opening of the
present session of Gongtess.
It is true, sir, the assumption of the State debts
by this Government was not a mandate emanating
from the crowned heads of Europe; nor was it inti-
mated, that iu case of refusal, that it would be a
just cause of war. But, sir, the bankers of Eu-
rope, who are said to control the cabinets of Kings,
through their great organs in London—the associ-
ates, if not the directors of British councils—have
ti>ld us, in language not to be misunderstood, "that
the States must pause in the execution of their
works of improvement! unless a more comprehen-
sive guarantee than that of the individual States"
is given, and unless "a national pledge" is made
to tee that the State debts are punctually paid.
And,sir, what was the effect produced when this
authoritative mandate came across the waters?
Was it treated with indignation, as an injurious
imputation on the debtor S ates? Was it regarded,
as it ought to have been, as an attempt to coerce
them to make new terms with their creditors, and
to force them to apply to the National Government
for assistance? Was it regarded as an outrageous
breach of that faiih which was tacitly pledged to
the States, by inducing them to borrow more than
one hundred millions of dollars in three short
years, upon their own credit alone, and for works
and purposes which they muit have considered
as capable of yielding a fair profit?
No, sir, such was not the effect which the circu-
lar of the Barings and Co. produced in the United
States. On the contrary, the proposition even met
with favor in America; and immediately it was
currently circulated that the public lands might be
made available to meet this iisolent demand, and
insulting imputations cast upon the debtor Stale?,
by these foreign bankers. It will not do to say
that this is the mere act of the brokers. Do we
not already see and feel the effect it has produced?
It was under these circumstances that this subject
was brought before the Senate. It was in order
that Senators who are the representatives here of
sovieigu States, m:gh>|«ay to those foreign Govern-
ments whose subjects and bankers have loaned
their millions to the States, that nei her those Go-
vernments nor their subjects shall be permitted to
exact new terms of payment, or other sí cari ty than
they have volun'arily taken from the States them-
lelvcs; and to inform them that this Government
has not the constitutional power to pay those debts.
Under such circumstances, was it not, I would
a«k, our duty to ourselves, to the S'ates, to the
United States, as also to the people and Govern-
ments of Europe, that this subject should be fairly,
folly, and ably brought forward, and decided up-
on? Should we sit quietly here, and see the credit
of the States of this Union trifled with in this man-
ner, by the great bankers of Europe, simply be-
cause they can, by their tremendous money power,
sway and control the decisions of foreign Govern-
ment ? No, sir: I Trust the time will never come
when the Senate of the United S ates shall fear to
do its duty, lest it may give offence to the great
money autocrats of Europe.
It is true, sir, it has been significantly asked, if,
in case of a war wifi a foreign power, we would
refuse to assume the debts of the Sates, if that
were the sole condition upon which peace could be
obtained? Why, s r, the very asking of such a
question makes it incumbent upon us to place our-
selves upon the true constitutional ground, in rela-
tion to this subject. These resolutions, sir, like
Mr. Madison's resolutions in the Virgihia Legisla-
ture, declare certain conclusions, and maintain cer-
tain great principles, essential to the preservation
of national rights, the faith, sovereignty and dig-
nity of the States, and the best interests of the
American people; and, I think, ought to meet with
the approving sanction of every Senator.
Let us look, Mr. President, at the tempting
prize which ihese bankers have before them. They
have induced the States of this Union to borrow of
them between one and two hundred millions of
dollars, at a high rate of interest. Now suppose,
sir, that ihey should succeed in forcing the Federal
Government to pay, or to assume the payment of,
these debts. What would be the result? Why,
sir, immediately would the value of these stocks
become so much enhanced, as to place many mil-
lions in the pockets of these bankers. Now sup-
pose that these bankers, under the false assertion
of the insecurity of these State debts, should force
the Biitish Government to make the assumption,
by the United States, of the State debts, a cause
of war, and that this nation should, in this way,
become involved in all the calami ies of war on
this account; would it, or could it, be justified, that
the American Senate had tamely looked on whilst
this great work of national money-making was de-
liberately planned and consummated, without ever
thinking of placing the question in its true light
berore the world, or interposing i's declaration of
the want of power in Ihe Federal Government to
make the whole people of the United States liable
for  o large a national debt?
It will not do to permit the money power of
Europe to continue to control the destinies of the
United States. Look, sir, at the wide extended
ruin wh'ch the money king in Europe, and his
agent in America, have repeatedly spread through
our land. We hear of the íemoval of deposites,
of the specie ciroular, of the distribution of the
surplus revenue, as the causes of the distresses
which have afflicted the people of this Union for
some years past. These measures, operating at
the most only on a small amount of our accruing
revenue, would not, and could not, have been felt,
if the great money power had not decreed that he
would make them the groundwork of the sufferings
of the American peopl*. Who can look back at
the alternations of prosperity and adversity—of ex-
travagance and suffering—the expansions and con-
tractions in the money market—the h;gh and low
prices of property and commodities, and of labor—
the plenty and scarcity of money—in a word, the
distresses with which our people have been cursed,
for a few years past, and not be willing now can-
didly to admit, that it was all the work of the great
money powers in.Europe and America.
But, we are íold sir, that all this suffering has
been the result of a war, waged by this Govern-
ment against credit and money corporations. Now,
sir, I would ask, who has waged this war on credit?
Was it net the late Bank of the United States?
Did she not, from the moment that Gen. Jackson,
in his first message, intimated his doubts as to the
propriety of granting her a recharter, commence a
reckless system of electioneering?   A wide-spread
and ruinous enlargement of her accommodations,
and an alarming amount of if sue of paper money,
(to say nothing of h«r lavish expenditures,) for the
purpose of producing a powerful influence in her
favoi?   la her efforts to gain popularity, was .*he
not guilty of abuses, which her warmest friends
have not been able to justify?   Are there not, sir,
thousands of individuals, who have heretofore sup-
ported a National Bank, but who have been forced
to   abandon   the   idea of creating  another Na-
tional Bank, after having witnessed the dangerous
results produced by such a great moneyed institu-
tion   becoming a partisan in our electioneering
contests for political powei?   Yey, sir, it was the
United States Bank who commenced this war on
credit.   She loaned out her millions, until she sop-
posed she had got the country ripe for a recharter.
Then, with all her plans  well matured, several
years before her charter was to expire, and just be-
fore a Presidential election, she asked Congress to
renew her charter.   The work had been done—the
bill ptssed both Houses of Congress—and the Ute
President must either disgrace himself, by ap-
proving the bill, or sacrifice hi  popularity by re-
fusing it his sanction. Gen. Jackson met the cri-
sis with th *t imredidity which has always charac-
terized him. He preferred to lose his election
rather than his honor. He gave the Bank her
quietus; he vetoed the bill which was thus prema-
turely passed; and his countrymen have sanctioned
the act. Then it was, sir, that the Bank com-
menced her war upon the State banks, and upon
credit. She first aitempted to break down the
State banks. She forced them to rapid settlements,
and drew from them all the specie she could com-
mand; and this induced the late President gradually
to withdraw the public deposites. This precau-
tionary measure prevented her from accomplishing
her first purpose; but .«he was not in this way to be
foiled. It only afforded her an excuse to com-
mence a war upon her debtors; and, sir, the ruin
and suffering which she then spread over our land
I will not now attempt to describe. She made a
tremendous effort to destroy the late President him-
self; but the eyes of the people had been opened;
and,as the incessant torrent of inflammatory speeches
poured out in Congress, and throughout the coun-
try, produced no effect upen the public mind, the
popularity of the President remained unshaken;
and, as a last resort, the Bank obtained a charter
from Pennsylvania. In a few sho: t months after af-
flicting the country with so much misery, and with-
out a dollar of public money to justify it, she again
run up h°r line of discounts to a greater amount
than she had ever before loaned to the community.
She sold her branches, and bought State banks; ex*
pandel her issues to the utmost bounds, and for a
time deluded the people with the idea of having
produced the highest state of prosperity in the coun-
try. The State banks followed the lead—money be-
came so plenty it was impossible to invest it. In
two short years, near forty millions were expended
in the purchase of public lands. The price of pro-
perty and labr r was nearly doubled. No transaction
was considered wor.hy of being mentioned, unless
millions were involved. Our importations of for-
eign merchandise were almost twice as large as a
healthy state of trade would justify, and the spirit
of speculation and extravagance was carried to a
most alarming height. But a reaction had to fol-
low; and it came upon us with all its terrors, and
with consequences of the most calamitous charac-
ter. Our merchants were protested in Europe to
an amount stated at hundreds of millions; and the
failures which took place in our commercial cities
alone, were almost incredible. The banks sus-
pended from one end of the Union to the other,
with the Government funds in their hands; and
thus were the friends of the Administration forced to
conclude that all banks were unsafe depositories of
he public moneys. The Piesident, at the called
session of Coagress, recommended that the public
deposites should no longer be used for banking pur-
poses; and that the money ought to be kept from
the time of its collection, until it is placed in the
hands of disbursing officers, or otherwise expended
under the regular appropriations, by person  em-
ployed by the Government for that parpase; «did
in safe places, belonging to tke Government itself.
This recommendation constitutes the height aad
front of the President's offending, and is the foun-
dation of the charge of the war upon the credit of
the country we have so often heard complained of.
My own idea is, that its adoption, instead of injur-
ing, will give stability to credit For my own part,
sir, I cannot sre how individual credit has been or
can be affected by this measure, if it shall become
a law; and, besides Ihe cenaio command, which it
will afford the Government, of its means whenever
they are required, I can only see in if, in prospect,
that it will p oduce a wholesome restraint upon *•
i'saes of the Sta e banks. I am one of tbo«"wl«t>
wish to see the State banks well wgoja'edhy £t*tt>
legislation; and wou'd rejoice Xtfáf coald be re-
strained fiom issuing imaaHwieiij? *| * exclusion
of gold and silver froiaeiR*!** * ®°l \am not
oneof those-andindee4^i *W* «,*m ;,«""««
any such-whoare*ttWN^**&vorpfaji «elu-
sive metallicumenw"***P>weT '"P™ *ank?£
privileges H>**j raii^^™f^^
Sttua jsmW Wí«M b* them, and they en**
