S16
APPBNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
l)ec. 1839.
£6t* ConG".«1st Sess.
NewJersey Question—Mr. Pickens.
H.
of Reps.
not now be deprived of this power. The price of pro 
perty should never be permitted to fall, it' it can be
avoided, below a fair and proper standard of value;
mad the wages of labor ought always to be propor-
tioned to the price of the art c'es the laborer con-
sume!. But, sir, all regulations on this subject be-
long to the States; and I think we will best consult
the public good, by leaving to the States to deter-
mine what is best for the interest of their people.
But we are te'd by those who oppose these re-
solutions, that no one con<ends that the United
States can assume the payment of the State debs,
butthat they do contend that the proceeds of fhe'sales
of the public lands may be distributed among the
Slates, to be applied by them to the payment of
their debts, if they thiná fit to do so. They ad-
mit the injustice of involving the States which do
not ove any thirg, for the purpose of paying the
debts of those who are in debt. And ) et there is
no difference in rea'ity bttw-een assuming in the
one case, and paying in the other, excepting that,
by paying the land tevenne 10 the States, yon dk
vert so much of the public revenue, not only to
make payments for the debtor States, but, also, for
purpose of making proportional donations to all
the other States. Every dollar thus draw from the
Treasury, creates the necessity of raising a like
amount off of the people, to meet the public ex-
penditures. It is, in fact, taking the money of all
the people to pay the debts of certain Scales, and
also to give the people's money away to other
States, who do not want it.
Bat, say they, the proceeds of the public lands
belong  to  the States;  and since  the  national
debt is discharged,   they have a legal r ght to
claim all the land revenue as their own.   Let us
examine the correctness and the validity of this
claim, which has been so pertenacionsly set np
for the States    The public lands included within
the hounds of the Union, established by the. treaty
of peace, made at the close of the Revolution, with
Great Btitain, became the property of the United
States; first, by the States claiming the right of
pre-emption, surrendering that right to the United
States; and then by the subsequent extinguish-
ment of the Indian title by the United States. And
opon what terms, sir, did the States surrender this
right of pre-emption?    They stipulated for the
complete payment of all their debts; and then pro-
vided that the prcceeds of the sales of the lands
shonld be applied to no other purpose whatever, ex-
cept to the support of the National Government.
It is said, that after the adoption of the Federal
Constitu'ion, that as the States no longer contri-
buted, as States, to the support of the Government,
bat as its support is now drawn from the whole
people, that therefore, the proceeds of the public
lands have again become the property of the States.
This ground cannot be maintained, when we take
into view the objects and purposes, for which the
surrenders were made. All the States claimed that
the contributions of each should be proportiona-
lly lessened by the amount of the revenue derived
front the sale of these lands; and it was in order
that the tax upon the people of all the States
might be thus proportionably lessened, that the
States insisted that the title to the public lands
sheuld be vested in the United States.     This was
the compromise made by the confederated States.
The express stipulation in their deeds ef cesson,
that the proceeds were to be applied to the public
expenditure, and to no other purpose whatsoever,
absolutely forbids the idea that such proceeds can
be lawfully relumed to the States.     Suppose that
Congress should think fit to raise the revenue from
direct taxation, and sot from customs, and that the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands were dis-
tributed to the Slates, would not the people of the
non-debtor Stales have to be higher taxed than
those of the debtor States, to raise the additional
revenue which this distribution would necessarily
give rise tot The money would be drawn from the
pocket  of the people to support the National Go-
vernment, whilst the land revenue would be taken
from, them and given to the States?   The objects
for which the public lands were surrendered by the
Stales Which claimed them, remained precisely the
same ¡after, as before, the adoption of the Federal
Constitution; and tee change in the mode of raising
the additional amount of revenue necessary for the
support of the Government, did not, in the slight-
est degree, alter the provision that the ¡-ales of the
lands should be applied to the public expenditure,
and to no other purpose whatsoever.     This land
revenue belongs to the people of the United States,
in their national character, and cannot be lawfully
taken from them and given to the States.     Trie
Indian title has been extinguished by the money of
the people of the United States, precisely as their
money has been applied to  the payment of the
purchases of Louisiana and Florida.   There is no
difference whatever in the title of the people of the
United States to   the   lands surrendered by the
Stites, and to that purchased from France and
Spain, except that the States imposed, in lAetrcase,
the condition upon the Government, which the Con-
stitution imposed in the other cases.     Who can
contend that the States are entitled to the proceeds
of the sales of the lands purchased from France
and Spain?   As well might they contend for the
proceeds of the sales of our national ships, or of
the public buildings and grounds within this Dis-
trict.   That portion, too, of the public lands not
sold, within the limits of the country relinquished
by the States, is now so inconsiderable that it is
only when added to the undisputed land revenue
that  it becomes an object, or would  yield  an
amount worth distributing; and as there is no pros-
pect of a surplus revenue for several years to come,
but,  on  the   contrary,   as   there exists ?n ab-
solute   necessity   for   several   millions of  mo-
ney   to   pay   the    annual    national    expendi-
tures, more than will be yielded both from the
customs and the lands, all the moneys derived from
the lands relinquished by the States, will almost
inevitably be applied to their legitimate  purpose,
before it can be hoped that such a state of things
will exist as would justify even those who think
the States are entitled to the proceeds of those
lands, seriously to press the question of distribu-
tion.   The Senator from Kentucky acknowledged
that, partly on this account, he had declined to
bring forward his distribution bill at this session.
I bel eve, sir, that the States have no right to the
land revenue, other than they have to the money
derived from other sources.   The new States have
been forced to surrender their right to tax the lands
of the United Stales within their limits, in order to
gain admission into the Union.   This surrender of
State sovereignty places them upon an unequal
footing with the other States.   The old States have
not on'y a light to all the public lands within their
limits, but have a'so the undisputed right to lax,
for their support, every foot of appropriated land.
This, sir, is a most grievous inequality; and the
only wonder with me is, that the new States were
ever induced to submit to it. If they had the right to
tax the public lands, as they have to tax those of
their own citizens, and non-residents, the owner-
ship of the Government over so much cf their soil
would not be as oppressive as it now is.   The Fe-
deral Government contributes nothing to the sup-
port of their State Governments—nothing to the
making of their roads and highways—nothing to
their improvements, unless it be under contract, or
as a voluntary donation—and nothing towards the
opening and clearing of lands, and rearing up of
magnificent towns and cities, and beautiful vil-
lages.   And yet, sir, by all these means, and  the
labors and moneys of ihe citizens of the new
Sates, are the public lands vastly enhanced in va-
lue, and made to bs a great source of national
wealth.   It is Irue, sir, that, to lessen this great ine-
quality, some lands have been given for school'
purposes, and in one or two instances for Slate im-
provements, when regarded as of national impor-
tance: but, sir, it is in spite of the oppressive own-
ership which the Federal Government exercises
over   the   public   lands   within   the   limits   of
the   new   Sta'ei,   that   they   have   grown   np,
and   have   now   become   the  most   flourishing
members of the   American   Confederacy.    No-
thing   could   be more fatal  to  the interests of
the new States, than ihe adoption of the principle
of distributing the proceeds of the public lands.   It
brings the interests of the States, as communities, in
direct conflict with the interests of the citizfns of
th« new State;.   These who are, or who desire to
become, citizens of the new States, wish to get the
lands they need for cultivation upon the cheapest
terms possible. The easier the lands can be ac-
quired, the larger will be the emigration, and the
greater the papulation of the new States. Make
it the interest of a majority of the States to keep
up or to raUe the price of the public land«, and
you forbid forever all hope of the citizens of the
new States to obtain pre-emption or graduation
acts; and you cut them off from an increase of
population, and from the hope of rendering all the
lands available in the support of their State Go-
vernments.
For my own part, sir, I can see no difference
between the land revenue and the impost revenue;
and I consider the appopriation of either to the
payment of the debts of the State*, would be
equally unconstitutional, dangerous, unjust, and
inexpedient, and I have, therefore, felt myself
Galled upon, by Ihe highest considerations of duty,
as well as from a sense of justice to the States, to
the United States, and to foreign Governments, to
submit these considerations to the Senate. I con-
clude, sir, by expressing a fervent hope that our
free institutions may be always able to withstand
the dangerous and insidious encroachments of that
worst of despotisms, an aristocracy of wealth.
SPEECH OF MR. PICKENS,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the Heme of Representatives, December 10,1839—
On the subject of u\e New Jersey disputed elec-
tion.                       I         /
Mr. Pickens  presented/he following   resolu-
tion, which was read,* and/which, he said, he of-
fered as an amendment fo the resolut.on of his
colleague, [Mr. Thompson:]
"Resolved, That the cot|rm«ee to be raised on the New Jer-
sey election, be confined toKjie/question who is entitled to the
'returns' of election for the Twpniy-sixth Congress."
Mr. PICKENS saMfhe desired to state very
simply the position he occupied. If the House, in
its wisdom, chose to rase a select committee on
this New Jersey electron, he desired that it should
be confined to some definite mode of action, and
to a distinct question submitted by this House. He
desired it should be confined to the question, who
are entitled to the returns of election as members
from the Slate of New Jersey to the Twenty-sixth
Congress? He concurred in the remarks which
had been made by his colleague [Mr. W. Thomp-
son] in regard to the difficult position in
which the House was now placed. He (Mr.
Pickens) had understood that the House would
be thus involved, and therefore he had voted
against the resolution of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Wise.] He had voted against the re-
solution of his colleague, [Mr. Rhett,] which was
adopted as the order of this House. He (Mr. P.)
foresaw, or thought he foresaw, the very difficulty
with which they were now about to contend; and
he would heie take occasion to say, that he bad
voted against the resolution of the gentleman from
Virginia, because he [Mr. P.] desired a different
mode of action. If he had been called upon to
vote on that resolution on the first, second, or third
day of the session, he wonld have voted in the affir-
mative. He did think, when he came here, that
the certigcate of the Governor ought to entitle the
members holding it to be called, so as to be enrolled
for organization. He thought so before this discus-
sion had progressed. He desired that course ofpro-
ceeding, simply that efficiency might be given to the
organiza! ion of this House. The House, however,
chose to pursue a different coarse. This was bis
open sentiment, and he had never d;sguised it. He
thought it was due to the country—that it was due
to order, that the House should have pursued that
course. He thought it was due to the country that
that triumphant parly, denominated the Republican
party, flushed as it was with victory, should have
taken that course. He repeated this was bis senti-
ment, and he had never changed it. But the House
thought proper to take a different course; and it
had been involved, day after day, in scenes which,
to say the least, were of very utile credit to the
American Congress. It was to avoid these scenes
that he desired the course be had spoken of should
be taken.   Bat the House thought proper to al-
