APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
2&m Cong•••• 1st Sess.
Small Bank Notes—Mr. Calhoun
Feb. 1840.
Senate.
cal principles, and upon every question which ad-
mi's of two opinions, parties are inevitable. He
was attached to his party because he believed it
acted upon sonnd principles, upon principles essen-
tial to the well-being of the coun'ry; and whenever
he ceased to believe so, he should cease to be of
that pir;y. The stability of the institutions of his
country, be firmly believed to be identified with the
success of those principles which his party advo-
cated; and in warring tor his party he was warring
for his country. And he repeated, that he was
opposed to making up a new issue, when the one
already made op ensured the safety of both his
party and his country. He was opposed to chang-
ing front in the face of the enemy, which might
render doabtful the result of a "battle, in which
victory was otherwise sure. He thought there was
no equivalent for the hazard. Public opinion is
fast producing without if, all that you hope to
accomplish by yonr resolution. Nay, you will,
by its adoption, delay the attainment of the end
in view. It will act as a breakwater, and curb the
onward flow of the waves.
If we endorse the present banking system by
making a constitutional declaration that it is high-
ly useful, praiseworthy and necessary, and needs
nothing but the certain restrictions in such amend-
ments set forth, to render it altogether fair, safe, and
useful, real reform will not accrue within the period
probably allotted for existence either to the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania or myself. He agreed with
the Senator from Pennsylvania thit the Legisla-
tures oí the respective States would not agree to
relinquish their power of chartering banks. And
for the same reason tbey wiil resist your claims for
patting restrictions upon it. This proves my posi-
tion, that this resolution is out of time. As a gen-
eral rule, the Legislatures of the several States re-
flect pretty fairly the will of the people of those
States; and if those Legislatures refuse to relinquish
the power of chartering banks or the imposition of
restrictions upon that power, you may safely con-
clude the people of those States are not prepared to
make the surrender. And before the people of the
States have reached the point to make such con-
stitutional surrender or accept such constitutional
restriction, they will have attained the more desira-
ble point of forcing their Legis'atures to exercise
their present powers so that they will prove injuri-
ous to no one.
The resolution was then laid on the table for the
purpose of taking up the special order.
THtJRSD.tr, February 27—The subject again
coming up for consideration:—
Mr. CALHOUN said, that he rose simply to
state the grounds upon which he was compelled to
vote against this resolution. The amendment con-
templated by the Tesolut on would, if it shou'd
ever be adopted, engraft on (he Constitution the
banking system. To this I cannot give my assent,
nor can I do any act ihat might imply it. Accord-
ing to my conception, long entertained, and openly
expressed for the last six years, on all suitable oc-
casions, ir would be one of the greatest calamities
that could befal the country,
Thu* thinking, I cannot vote for the resolution;
and yet I regret thatl find myself placed in a situ-
ation to vote against a resolution of inquiry, which,
by the courtesy of the body, is usually grafted as
a matter of course. But, as the resolution stands,
it is impossible, with my conception, to extend it
to the present case. If, however, the mover would
enlarge it, so as to make it embrace a general in-
quiry into the expediency o'so amending the Con-
stitution as to place the currency on a selid and
stable basi«, it would remove my objection,
and I should vote for it with pleasure. Unless the
Senator did so, he must vote as he had indicated he
was compelled to do.
Mr. PRESTON said this resolution contem-
plated to vest in the Government a specific power
over the currency. He differed with the Senator
írom Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] as to any
power over the currercy being already vested in
this Government. The resolution contemplated
an inquiry info the expediency of giving to Go-
. rernmeht the powtr of restraining the circulation
of bank notes under a specified denomination, and
this-effected, there wouid be an end to i's opera-
tion, and it could not counteract the various
schemes that would be attempted to evade the law.
In Virginia there are positive laws against the
emission of notes of a less denomination than five
dollars, and yet its object is defeated by circulating
six, seven, eight, and nine dollar notes, which pre-
vents the specie circulation from being mush in-
creased. This power net having been granted to
the Federal Government, was, of course, reserved
by the States, and any legislation on the subject is
extra-constitutional.
If it were an original question, whether the
power of regulating the currency should be given
to the State Governments or to the Federal Go-
vernment, he would have some hesitation in de-
ciding, though he would have a strong disinclination
to commit it to this Government while it was under
the control of the present party in power.
Mr. HENDERSON said he should vote for this
resolution. If he understood it, it proposed to in-
quire if it was not expedient to ask the States te
yield a power over the currency which is now pos-
sessed by them. In the exercise of this power, the
States have author zed the emission of bank paper
of denominations of five dollars, and even under
it, thus filling up all the channels or circulation,
and substituting paper for coin in the wages of la-
bor. That the bank paper in circulation is too re-
dundant for the specie upon which it is based, was
generally admitted. He did not believe that Con-
gress had power to regulate the currency by its
direct action. Though he believed, as he had
lately stated in some remarks which he had deli-
vered in this body, that Congress had the power to
create a National Bank—he did not believe it had
that power for the mere regu'ation of the currency.
It bad the same power to establish a National Bank
as it had to form a Sub-Tieasnry or any otherfiscal
sí stent. As a national system, he preferred a Na-
tional Bank to any other, as it not only gave us as
great facilities in collection and disbursement of
the revenue as the Sub Treasury, but in its inci-
dental regulation of the currency, to some extent,
was superior to it.
Mr. GRUNDY slid, that from the moment the
Senator from Pennsylvania had introduced this
proposition, he con>iJered it one of the wisest and
most judicious that had been presented to Congress
for a long period. What was the evil, which it
was desirable should be remedied? Why, that, by
the redundant is^ue of bank note-;, the channels of
circu'ation are filled with paper, and when a pres-
suie comes in the money market, the banks who
have the least means have to endure the greatest
pressure. What is intended by Senator* in their
declarations that the Government have already the
power over the currency. If it is intended by this
to claim the power to control the State banks, it
was the greatest stretch of Federal power that has
ever been assumed. But the States are as tho-
roughly convinced as Congress of the evils of the
present system, and may feel diposedto attempt a
remedy, by conferring this power upon the General
Government. By a general exercise of this power,
the tendency of the banking system to excessive
issues may be to a great extent repressed, and
the evasions alluded to by the Senator from
South Carolina, of 6, 7, 8 and 9 dollar notes, might
be guarded against. I ¿m net, said Mr. G. an advo-
cate of an exclusively metallic currenny. This I be-
lieve to be impracticable. I am in favor of a
mixed currency, composed of coin and converlib'e
bank paper. I am of opinion that such a currency
—coin for the wages of labor, and convertible pa-
per for mercantile operations—would best promote
the interests and convenience of the community.
I believe thtt banks should not be destroyed, but
r-gulated. I am no destroyer, but would, if I
could, be a reformer. I am lor making banks spe-
cie-paying institutions; and if this cannot be ef-
lected, I am willing to permit them to go down.
Mr. CALHOUN said, if the Senator from Ten-
nessee alluded to him, he was entirely mistaken.
He had declared no war against the banks. They
needed not his opposition, nor any other, to put
them down. They were going down but too ra-
pidly, and were destined to fall by self slaughter.
Nor had he said one word about a metallic cur-
rency.   That was a question not now before us.
Mr. BUCHANAN would not enter on a discus-
sion of the merits of the measure then; but, as the
Senator from South Carolina had spoken of cour-
tesy, he would say a single word. He would ac-
knowledge most cheerfully lhat the Senate had al-
ways treated him with uniform courtesy and kind.
ness; so much so, as sometimes made him flatter
himself into the opinion that he was a general fa-
vorite. If ever he had treated any Senator in any
other mode, he was not aware of the fact. The
subject of which the resolution treated, had at-
tracted the attention of the whole country, and all
classes of the community were more or less deeply
interested in it. It was a matter of inquiry only,
and had not assumed shape or form. The same
rule would apply as well to courtesy as to morals,
viz: of doing as we would be done by. When Ihe
Senator from South Carolina introduced his bill to
cede the public lands to ihe States in which they lie,
although he [Mr. B.] was as much opposed as any
man could be to the provisions of that bill, yet be
had never thought of opposing its introduction.
Now all he desired was to present his views, after
consulting an able committee on the subject. His
opinions on this matter had not been taken up has-
tily; he had been seriously deliberating on it for
years. If the Senate thought proper to indulge
him, he should be gratified; but if they rejected it,
why then he shou'd take an opportunity of making
a speech, instead of a repot t.
Mr. CALHOUN said he was much surprised
that the charge of discourtesy should have been
brought against him on this occasion. If there
was any person who had a rght to complain of a
want of courtesy, it was himself. He had pro-
posed to the Senator from Pennsylvania to enlarge
the terms of his resolution, so a* to avoid the insu-
perable objection he entertained against i', and the
Senator had not thought proper to a:cede to his
request. He found no fault with him for this.
He, it was probable, had good reasons for bis
cour-e; and so have I. I know where we treal,
and I think I kno.v where this resolution will carry
us, and the momentous results that will follow. I
would much sooner see a United States Bank again
incorpora'ed, than to engraft the present banking
system on the Constitution. Hold.ng these opi-
nions, why am I particularly selected as betraying
a want of courtesy? The Senator from North Ca-
rolina, the Senator from Massachusetts, and the
Senator from Smith Carolina, all expressed their
intention of voting against th s resolution, and yet
there i* nothing said of their want of courtesy. But
Ihe Senator has alluded to his vote when
I introduced the bill on the subject of
the public lands. Now, I hold there would
have been no discourtesy in opposing the
bill at its introduction, and lhat would have been a
very proper time to oppose" it, with the opinion
which the Senator entertains of that measure. But
I make no opposition to the resolution; I simply
state why I cannot vote for it myself. I have no
objection to its passing w;th the votes of others,
who think differently. I desire not to change the
opinions of others in relation to it; and would
have no sort of objection to standing alone in my
vote against it; and there is no reason why there
should be any feeling on the part of the Senator in
regard to mv course.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama expressed a wish that
the Senator from Pennsylvania would adhere to
the original phraseology, and not allow the subject
to embrace a wider range than be originally con-
templated. He was surprised that any idea should
have gone fonh that there was any thing like graft-
ing a system on the Constitution by the adoption of
a mere negative proposition.
Mr. STRANGE rose to relieve himself from
imputation of discourtesy towards the Senator from
Pennsylvania. None whatever was intended. The
Senator has always been a favorite with me, and I
hope he will not consider that he has ceased to
be so.
Mr. DAVIS would say one word. It was wel
known that he had, on former occasions, expressed
bis opinions as to the necessity of a larger specie
circulation; but, of late, some s'range changes had
grown up in relation to this matter from quarters
where they were not anticipated.   Some were now
