asa
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Drc 1840.
26th Cong.......1st Skis.
President's Message—Mr, Thompson.
H of Reps.
over exports, and interest on State debts, not less than sixty
millions. The same produce cannot pay this debt and also pay
for goods from which revenue is to be derived; and when our
produce fails, tbedebt can only be paid in specie, and the specie
will be exported by laws of commerce, as fixed and certain as
destiny itself. So certain, sir, am I of these reoults, that all
other feelings areforgotton in a sympathy with the sufferiMgs
of the country; and if I had an enemy among the authors of
this measure, I would desire for him no other punishment than
that which awaits him in the wrath and indignation of an
abused and deceived people. That day is coming, and is not
far distant, and I shall have no other, if I desire no other,
consolation than to be able to say to those who have confided
their interests to me, that I have done all that! could to avert
these calamities.
I see no human power now to avert the impending distress.
This debt must be paid either with our productions—and then
we cannot make our usual importations, and, of consequence,
the demand for our cotton is cut off, and the article not only
falls still lower in pi ice, but cannot be sold at all—or else this
debt must be paid in specie, and that, in the present condition
of the country, will be ruin at once; not to the banks, but to
the people. Not, I repeat, to the banks, but to the people. If
the hanks are forced to pay, the people, their debtors, must pay
them. The banks owe the people one hundred and fifty
millions, the people owe them five hundred millions. On
whom will the belt fall most heavily? It will be a golden
harvest for shavers and usurers—they will fatten and grow
rich upon the suffering and distress of the community. They,
and they only, will be benefited. And, if 1 am not mistaken,
it is this class, together with those who either owe no money,
or, if they do, are beyond the reach of the law, and have no
sympathy with those who do owe, who are the loudest advo-
cates ot this most vital and dangerous revolution in the mon-
etary affairs of the country; men who have a most philosophical
and praiseworthy indiffeience to the sufferings of every one
else but themselves. No Government has the right to make
such an experiment upon the happiness of its people—to carry
out any theory, however plausible.
The debts of the country were contracted upon the faith of
and with references to an existing state of things which no
Government has the moral right to subvert all at once, upon
the authority of any argument a priori.
One word more aste the nine millions yet tobe deposited
with the States. I like sometimes to look back as well as for-
ward. It is often piofitableto do so. We were told two years
ago that the act was not repealed. Oh no! The payment was
only postponed. And it was vaunted in my own State as a
great achievement, to postpone the payment instead of repeal-
ing the law. When are we to get it, sir? Not, sir, until the
day of judgment.     Or,  what is the same thing, until your
Fresent Secretary shall put an end to the Florida war. No, sir,
will freely forgive the balance of that debt, if the Govern-
mentean only be kept along. I repeat, sir, no intelligent man
will say that the resources for the next and succeeding years
will meet our wants. These resources are greatly exaegerated,
whilst the demands on the Tieasury are underrated. From the
excessive importation of the last year, and the universal
pressure in the mon y market, added to our immense foreign
debt, the revenue from imports for the ensuing year must
be very small—less, I venture to say, than any one anticipates,
very much less than the estimate ot the Secretary of the Trea
■ury. From the public lands I look hereafter for little revenue:
First, because so much of the public domain has gone into
the hands of private speculators, who will supersede the
Government in the market, because they own the best lands,
and can sell on credit and for paper money; and secondly be-
cause these lands are like to be used by political speculators,
as the corn in the public granaries was used in the days of the
decline of the Roman empire. No, sir, instead of reduced taxes,
we shall be forced to raise the taxes, and, I believe, up to the
extreme point fixed by the compromise of 1832.
By-the-by, sir, as lb this tariff question: I was told by more
than one who, I think, enjoy the the President's confidence,
that the message would be up to the hub with the South on the
tariff—that it would even be ultra. I was glad to hear it. I
was glad to know that we were to get aid from so influential a
quarter, from whatever motive; as I owe no such allegiance—
party or personal—anywhere, and never will, as to prevent me
from rallying to the support of those who rally to the support
of just principies. I looked for the passage, but I looked in
vain. I saw exactly the place for it, but it was not there.
No, sir, it was not there; hut in its placel found sil those ad
eaplandum arguments about rendering ourselves independent
of toe currency and commerce of England, which have hereto-
fore been, and may be again, used in support of a protective
tariff, more appropriately than they are used in the message
for another purpose. Sir, it is degrading to the intelligence of
our age and country to talk in this way. We had as well
ta'k of rendering ourselves independent of the tides or the winds
of Heaven. Why, let me ask, isjjiis anti-tariff ground not
taken in the message! I will tell you, sir. I have "been given
to understand that it is because a very important political event
is to take place next autumn, and that the thoroughly tariff
States, Penn-ylvania and Ohio—States now doubtful, to say the
least—will have an important influence upon that event, and
that it may not be very discreet, at this particular time, to take
ground against the tariff; and although he doubtless possesses
all the other parts of valor, no one has ever denied to the
President that better part of it, "discretion." Especially need
he not do so when nothing is to be gained by it. The South is
clearly his already, by deed and covenant duly executed; and
it would be mere wantonness thus unnecessarily to risk
Pennsylvania and Ohio. I have been told, however, to wait,
and that in duetime this ground will lie assumed. In other
words, I am to aid in cheating the tariffStates out of their votes.
What security have we that we shall not be deceived ourselves,
as we have been already once on this very samesubject, and by
the very same p rson? No, sir: no great end was ever yet
accomplished by sqch means. If no power is left me to resist
the odious and dishonest operation of the tariff policy but fraud
and trick, I have no confidence in them, and should not resort
to them if I had.
It is due to the country that the opinions of the President
should have been known upon a great and exciting question
which must very soon come up. It is especially so, as he has
••tup the dangerous pretension of being (as repeated usurpa-
tions, not the Constitution, have ieally made him) "a com-
ponent part of the legislative power." (f he has one-half of the
confidence in the judgment and patriotism of the people which
h« habitually professes, he need not fear to disclose his trae
opinions. Let him take one side or the other. He has no
right to take bo h. I do not wish to cheat others, uor to be
again cheated myself.
I have a word or two to say upon the great subject of the
message—the currency question. Our worthy President seems
to have a regular intermittent upon this subject. At the extra
session the hard money lever was upon him, but at the last
session there was a clear intermission of this fever; even, sir, a
chill had supervened. He then said: "Like other State esta-
blishments, they [banksj may be used or not, in conducting the
affairs of the Government." "When the G vemment can
ace mplish a financial operation better with the aid of the
banks than without it, it should be at liberty to seek that
aid," Sec. The dangerous tendency of the connection of the
Government with banks was then to be arrested, by giving to
the Executive the undivided power and uncontrolled discretion
to employ them or not. It was dangerous, in other words, to
trust this power to the Executive and Congress, but perfectly
safe to confide it altogether to the Executive
It is a melancholy truth that, whilst there is a party in this
country who watch every encroachment ol the Federal Govern-
ment upon the rights of the States, we all seem to shut our
eyes to the not less dangerous usurpations of the Executive
upon the other and coordinate departments of the Federal
Government. A more daring encroachment of that sort has
never been made than in this—that it is dangerous to the public
liberty to trust this connection with the banks to Congress—
the.imraediateagents|and Representative of the people; but that
the discretionary power to use banks or not shall be given to
the President. Brought up, sir, in the creed of the Republican
party—the old, the true, the once respectable Republican
party—one of my earliest and most fixed political opinions has
been to look to the Executive department as the point of real
danger, and to resist the smallest beginnings of Executive en-
croachment.
We were also told in the last message/of the beneficial re-
sults from receiving th-; notes of specie-paying banks, ana the
bill introduced as the Government measure did not contain the
specie feature. I had some hopes that it was abandoned. I
regret to see that it not only has not been, but that the mask
is now thrown off, and the purpose distinctly avowed, not only
to require Government dues in specie, but to do this with the
view of driving out of circulation bank paper altogether, and to
reduce the banks exclusively to offices of discount and
deposite. Is the country prepared for this? I rejoice that the
true purpose is at last avowed. I have known from the
beginning that such was the purpose. I have been accused of
of disingenuousness for saying so. I have, therefore, a personal
satisfaction that I now stand vindicated; still more do 1 rejoice
that this monstrous proposition is now exhibited in its naked
deformity.
If any thing, in these times, was to be wondered at, it would
be that Slate rights politicians should advocate this measure,
not for its direct financial effects as to the Federal Govern-
ment, but for its indirect influence upon State institutions—
thebanks. All admit the right of the States to charter banks;
none will assert the right of the Federal Government to destroy
or even control these corporations by direct legislation; but the
power to do so is claimed, and by State rights men, under the
indirect use of a power given for a wholly different purpose.
If the revenue power may thus be perverted frem its legitimate
purpose, why may not the same revenue power be used for the
indirect purpose of protecting rr anufacturest If you may use
a granted power to effect, and uriththe view to effect a purpose
for which it was not and never would have been granted, what
is there to prevent the power of taxation from being used to
effect abolition, by a tax say ol fifty dollars for every person
held in bondage? If you can contiol or destroy one State
institution—the banks—why may you not do the same with
another—domestic slavery? I defy any may to suggest the
shadow of a reason for the one which does not apply with equal
force to the other.
We are told that banks, in some form, will always exist in
this countiy, and are urged to place these banks on the foot-
ing on which they exist in some other countries—that is, banks
of deposite and discount, not of issue. "Credit currency and
credit commerce" are denounced as the sources of all our
troubles. Now, what does he mean by credit currency?
Nothing. He can mean nothing but bank notes over and above
the specie in hand, "dollar for dollar, and guilder for guilder."
Here, sir, is a distinct avowal of a purpose to bring the country
to an exclusively metallic currency. No one will say that
there is any practical difference between a metallic currency
and a paper currency representing gold and silver, dollar
for dollar. If there is, in other words, fi ty millions of specie
in the country, weare to have only fifty millions of paper issued,
and that not to be added to the specie but the specie to be with-
drawn and locked up, and the paper only to circulate. So
that, as to the amount of currency, no one will pretend that we
shall have any more than if that currency were in gold and
silver only.   Is the currency prepared for thatl
But, sir, isbank paper beyond the specie in the vaults any
more a credit currency than thatwheie thare is specie, dollar
for dollar? Not a whit; and none but very shallow thinkers, or
those who know better, have said so. Isthere no basis of
credit but gold and silver? Is nothing else of any real value?
is there no other property in the land? Is not the note of.
J«ihn Jacob Astor for a thousand dollars good, and so regarded
although it may be known that he has not fifty in specie? It is
time that this absurd slang about specie should be exposed.
Specie is not only not the sole foundation of the credit of bank
paper—it is not even the principle foundation but the property
of the debtors of the banks, and the stock itself is the chief
foundation of that credit. Is it not so as to the credit of indivi-
duals? Is credit given because of a known amount of specie
held by the debtor? Clearly not; for in that case he would need
no credit, but would use his specie. No, sir; I repeat, it is
property to which credit is given—that property of which gold
and silver is the mere yard stick.
Is this not true? After the banks had suspended, and it was
known that they had no specie, have we not only seen their
notes passing, but passing at par for every thing e se but
specie? And as to that, it is not the fall in the value of ÚV note,
but the rise in the market value, of the specie. Yes, sir, when
in that condition, every one is willing to exchange the very
best individual notes, drawing interest, for those bank notes
drawing none. Why is this, if specie is the sole basis of their
credit? I do not intend to be misunderstood. I am no indis-
criminate advocate of the banking system, still less of its ex-
cesses and vices. I go further; I know that reforms, vital and
radical, are required, and I believe that, if these reforme «re
not made, the system will be run down. I am no apologist for
bank suspensions. I think the last one without excuse. Specie
isner.essary; it is the only measure by which we are to know
when bank issues are excessive; but to bring the country, in its
present condition, and with the paper system now prevailing
almost throughout the world, to a metallic citrtency, is a pro-
ject absurd and impossible. I have no apprehensions what-
ever of that; my fears are of a different character. I do not
douhtthat, by the swing of the pendulum, as natural in the
moral as in the physicv.l world, the reaction will be to reinstate
the paper system in its utmost excesses, and most probably to
establish a Government bank—an institution which I do not
hesitate tosay the public, liberty will not Ions survive. No
such tremendous revolution in the personal circumstances of
men as that proposed ever can be effected but by the iron hand
of despotism. It never will be done where the people have the
power it their own hands. It is in the nature of man to dis-
regard ultimate results in seeking present relief from pressing
calamities, and there isnosuch calamity as a rapidly diminish-
ing currency.   My life on it, the people will not bear it.
Infinite as have been tl.e losses, the sufferings, and the miseiy
which have already resulted from this fatal experiment, we have
not yet seen the worst. There has been a general forbearance;
it cannot be always The advocates of this hard money pohey
well know it. There is no single state in the Union that would
not instantly crush the experiment and the experimenters, if
they were called on to pay direct taxes in specie. Is this
denied? If it is to act beneficially on the banks by mating a
practical di ain for specie, that is a reason equally strong for
demanding State taxes in specie. Why has no one ever had
the boldness to propose this in any Stale Legislature? Why,
sir, because those taxes are collected directly, and the people
would not bear it; and yet we see ami tariff men, by the secret
and unseen operation of that law, doing what they would not
dare openly to propose.
The state which 1 in part represent is regarded as almost una-
nimous in favor of this specie policy. Its Legislature may u«
said tobe so. I have for the intelltgenceand purity and patrio-
tism of that people a respect anil deference winch I cannot heie
express, and I allude to these things for no unworthy or dis.
respectful purpose, but it is a fair illustration of what will be
the result of this humbug every where.
A portion of our banks have suspended specie payments,
some of them with twice as much specie on hand as they have
billsout. A proposition was made to the last Legislature to
coerce a resumption by these banks of speeie payments. And
whatdo you thni k was the result? It was rijectedbya large
majority. This was n t all: we have a State bank, owned by
the State exclusively. It was proposed at a preceding session
to receive nothing for taxes but specie or the bills of this State
bank—a very reasonable proposition surely. Did it pass the
Legislatu e?—thissub-Treasury hard money Legislatun . Oh !
no, sir, but the tax collectors were ordered to receive the bills
of all thebanks—non-specie-paying bank rags and all. They
did more; whilst inveighing against banks and the credit system,
they doubled the chartered bank capital of the State, and have
created a larger debt for the State than was done by all former
Legislatures from the beginning of the Government.
A case still more striking is furnished by the recent action of
the Administration party, a hard-money sub-Treasury Legisla-
lature, with the sanction of the hard-money Governor of the
enlightened and patriotic State of Georgia. The Legislature
of that State, which has just adjourned, has established a bank
more thoroughly a paper bank than any that ever has existed
in any country—a bank, sir, which would amaze John Law
himself, if he could be allowed to see what is now going on.
Tie, sir, would be shocked at this wild excess of the paper sys-
tem. The Central Bank of Georgia, whose affairs at the last re-
port stood thus—specie, $46,' 00; circulation. $86,000, and bonds
and notes amounting to about $3,000,000—is ordered (not
authorized, but ordered) to issue six millions of notes—double
the currency of the State—and to loan the meney in the respec-
tive counties according to population, on bonds due in twelve
months. They issue six millions of paper on forty-six
thousand of specie, and promise to pay specie on demand, when
the debts to the bank are not due for a year. They cannot
even pay bank notes for a year, and yet they promise to pay
in specie on demand; and this, toe, sir, when a draft of the State
for three hundred thousand dollars has been recently protested,
without any provision whatever being made to meet; but, on
the contrary, stock which was hypothecated for its payment i 
ordered to be sold for other purposes. This law was signed
on Friday, and the banks suspended the next Monday. These,
sir, are characteristic signs of what will be the general feeling
and the general results, in the end, of this most disastrous ex-
periment upon the happiness, and fortunes, and business of the
people. I rejoice, therefore, that the purposes of the Admin-
istration are at length avowod. If these objects are sanctioned
any where, I shall be disapponted. If there is one man in South
Carolina who is in favor of abolishing bank paper as a cur-
rency, I have never seen him.
We were told, when this measure was first brought forward,
that it would especially bent fit the South. That it was our
staples which would be exchanged for specie, and that addi-
tional value would be given te those staples. Has this been
so? Has indeed the amount, of specie in the country increased
for the last two years? It has not. Why not? We were told
to drive out paper, and specie.would lake its place. One-half
of the bank notes have been driven out—has their place been
filled? No, sir; that place is literally "an aching void." 1
thought at first, and was confined in that opinion by the autho-
rity of such men as Dallas and Crawford, than whom this coun-
try has produced none abler or better, and they spoke not from
abstract and delusive speculation, but from actual experience,
that it would enrich New York, the great centre of commerce
—the place at which, not from which, payments were to be
made at the expense of all the rest of the country. Has it not
so turned out? Gold and silver abound even to excess in that
city, whilst every where else there is, amongst business men,
dismay and despair. Benefit the South ! Why, sir, it bit
been, and will be, a protective tariff in its worst form. Redore,
ours to a hard money country, and reduce prices accordingly
and who does not see that the manufactures of the rest of the
world where the paper Bysttm prevails cannot be eold here?
and an absolute monopoly is given to the American manufac-
turer, at prices nominally cheaper, but actually and relatively
higher—-destroying our great market for Southern staples at a
time when the supply of those staples must be enormously
increased from suspension of works of internal improvement!
and an immense amount of labor is about to be thrown again
upon agriculture, to say nothing of other   cause ?    I  *"
ill
k
