£&4
26th ConG""1st. Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
State Debts—Mr. Grundy.
Senote.
that he would introduce a bill to assume certain
State debts, and appropriate the public lands for
the parpóse. That bill has not been introduced, and
after what has passed in this body, it may not be;
but it is evident, from the title of the bill, thai an
assumption was contemplated, though to what
extent I do not know; and unless the bill be in-
troduced, I probably never shall. The Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] who, I regret has
been detained trorn his seat longer than I had
expected, has said that he had seen noevidei.ee
of a df sign to offer such a propoñ'iun as an as-
sumption of the State debts. All the answer I
can make to this, is, that it seems to me he has
not looked into this subject with his usual dili-
gence and accuracy, and the evidence must have
escaped his notice; for, to my mind, it is ample
and conclusive. He says that he is against an
assumption. No one will doubt this after the de-
claration he has made; but how far short of this
is ihe measure he prviposes? He will not as-
sume; but does he not contend for a distribution
of the revenue arising from the public lands
among the States, to be applied by them to any
purpose whatsoever ? Now this, I admit, is n t
an assumption, nor the creation of a national
debt; but it is furnishing the means of pay-
ment, so far as they may go, to the States. It is
not an assumption of the S'ates debts, but an ac-
tual payment of them, to the extent of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands. The same honorable
Senator has remarked, lhat I am wrong in at-
tempting to give warning to the public from this
p'ace upon this subject If, sir, I err in this,
this body sins every day in the same way. Why
do we arder extra numbers of reports and other
documents to be printed? Why do the mail coach-
es daily groan under the - weight of speeches de'i-
vcred in this honorable body? I have always
Understood that these things were done and in-
tended for the purpose of diffusing information
among the people, and enlightening th« public
mind. Scarcely a day passes but we hear it de-
clared on this floor that no expectation is entertained
by the speaker of influencing the votes of Senators;
but ihe public may be affected by what he is about to
say) and he proceeds to deliver his sentiments. I
think this remark of the honorable Senator has no
force whatever in it.
We are asked emphatically, what right have we
to notice the proceedings of the Legislatures of the
States? My answer is, that the right to speak of
their proceedings exists at all times; it should be
exercised rarely, only upon great and important
occasions. In this instance, as little has been said
in the report as possible, consistently with the duty
which had been assigned to the committee. But I
■entertain views upon the subject differing radically
from those which have been expressed by some
genlemen. 1 do not consider the State Legislatures
in any degree superior to the Congress oí the Uni-
ted States. We are co-agents for the same people
in the respective States The State Legislatures
are supreme in all things not proh b'ted by their
State Constitutions, and which have not been dele-
gated lo this Government: and this Government is
supreme in all matters confided to it by the Consti-
tution of the United States; but it must be recol-
lected, that both are acting for the same people,
and are the guardians of their interests. Hence
the propriety, that the Governments, State and Na-
tional, and their members, should give warnings
to the peeple whenever a great sacrifice of their
interests shall be attempted by either. In con-
formity with this view, the Governors of States,
in their messages to their Legislatures, and the
Legislatures themselves, ,upon occasions which
they judge proper, are in the constant habit
of treating of, and expressing their opinions
upon, subjects which are intrusted by the Constitu-
tion to Federal legislation and action. I think
this is all proper, nor do I even take excepiion to
the proceedings of the Legislature of New Jersey,
Jtowever much I may differ from them in opinion,
.in denouncing and condemning the proceedings of
the other House of Congress in organizing itself
without admitting either of the party claimants to
their  eats; and in calling upon the Legislatures of
Other States to unite in this condemnation.   la my
opinion, the right to sptak and remonstrate exists,
although I should not concur in the propriety of
exercising it but upon important and interesting
occasions.
I wish gentlemen would assign some reason why
this right is not reciprocal. I believe it to be so,
and, therefore, whenever a case occurs, which, in
my judgment, demands it, I shall not hesitate to
.speak out and give warning to my countrymen of
impending danger, let that danger arise from what
quarter it may.
"Ihe Seta'.or fiom Indiana [Mr. Smith] insists
that all proceedings, or expressions of opinion, up-
on subjects not immediately connected with legis-
lation, are wrong; that the Virginia and Kentucky
resolutions, parsed upon the subject of the alien
and sedition laws, have produced much mischief
growing out of the different constructions placed
upon them. That honorable Senator was too
young to understand th * matter of which he spoke.
You and I, Mr. President, both know that these,
and Mr. Madison'* report upon the Virginia reso-
lutions, were the preat lever which elevated Mr.
Jefferson to the Presidential chair, and. expelled
from p®wer the Federal party, which at thai time
rule and governed this country. This I have al-
ways considered a great and beneficial result,
growing out ol the resolutions which he condems.
If he thinks the effec's produced were not advan-
tageous to the country, then we may well differ,
and shall continue to do so, because there is a ra-
dical difference of opinion between us.
The same Senator has made a practical com-
mentary upon oar right to speak of the fctate au-
thorities in debate here, very different from ihe
doctrines held by his party upon this occasion. In
the course of his remarks the other day, he told us
that the Governor of the State of Pennsylvan:a
was new acting patriotically, but that there were a
number of destructives in the Legislature of the
State, who were determined to destroy him. Was
not this speaking of high State digntaries, of the
legislative authority of a sovereign State, With a
freedom not claimed, or attempted to be practised,
by any friend of this report and its principles.
Having thus disposed, as I think, successfully,
of these general objections to the coarse pursued
by the committee, I shall proceed to show the cor-
rectness of the positions laid down and sustained
in the report; and, with this view, I shall a?k ihe
attention of the Senate to the terms of the cession
by Virginia of her public lands. Before doing so,
however, I beg to advert to the langnage of the
resolution of the old Congress, in pursuance of
which this cession, and that of the other States,
were made.
It was passed on the 10th of October, 1780, as
follows:
Resolved, That the unappropriated lands which may be
ceded or relinquished to the United Slates by any particular
State, pursuant to the recommendation of Congress, of ihe 6th
day of December last, shall be disposed of for the common
benefit of the United States, and be settled and formed into dis-
tinct Republican States, which shall become members of the
Federal Union, and have the same righis of sovereignty, free-
dom, and independence, as the other States.
From this resolu ion, it is apparent that Congress
asked for the cessions of the vacant and unappro-
priated lands, not for the purpose of benefiting the
States separately, but collectively, and the cession
made by Virginia on the 1st of March, 1784,
clearly conveys ihe same idea. The language is
"That all the lands within the territory so /-eded to
the United States, and not reserved or appropriated
to any of the before mentioned purposes, or disposed
of in bounties to the officers and soldiers of the
American army, shall be considered as a common
fund for the use and benefit of such of the United
States as have become, or shall become, members
of the Confederation, or federal alliance of said
States, Virginia inclusive, according to the usual
respective pi «portions in the geneial charge and
expenditure, and shall be faithfully and bona fiat
disposed of for that purpose, and forano other use
or purpose whatsoever."
It should here be remarked, that this cession, and
the deed made by Mr. Jefferson, Mr. Monroe, and
oihers, in pursuance of it, reserve nothing, and
contain no expression conveying the idea that a re-
version, remainder, or limitation of uses, other
than those expressed in the cession, was in the con-
templation of the parlies. The absolute fee was
granted. It was known to the S;ates, and to Con-
gress, thit a Federal Government ihen existed,
wh'ch had to be supported by taxes upon the peo •
pie of the States; and, also, that the expenses of
the Revolutionaiy war had to be paid. No one
at lhat diy could have believed that the revenue
arising from the ceded lands could s>upport the Go-
vernment and discharge the Revolutionary debt;
and experience has proved it to be insufficient for
either purpose. Therefore, it never entered into
the minds of the grantors or grantee, that the reve-
nue arising from the public lands was to be drawn
from the general Treasury of the United States,
and placed in the treasuries of the different States.
It is further objected to the repoit, that it states
that ihe rule oí c< ntribu ion is changed under the
present Federal Government, and yet ihe report
alleges that the disposition now made of the pro-
ceeds of ihe public lands, is according to the letter
and spirit of the cessions. Such, to my mind, is
precisely the fact. If lands were sold under the Con-
federation, the proceeds were placed in the public
Treasury, and drawn from it to defray the expendi-
tures of ihe Confederacy—not one dollar went into
the treasury of any State. Such abo if- the case at
present. I think it therefore clear, that both the
letter and spirit of the cessions are complied with
in the present mode of appropriating the revenue
arising from the public lane's.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] takes
a further excepiion to the report, because, in a
single sentence, or point, there is a coincidence in
thought, and some similarity of language between
it and a report once made by himself. I see noth-
ing in this to which exception should be taken. It
only prove  that, in my judgment, he has thought
correctly upon a single poiut in relation to this
whole subject. But he says, although we agree
on one point, we immediately separate and part
again. Yes, sir, this is true. We habitually dif-
fer on political subjects, and have done so for nearly
forty years, except for a few sessions, when we
were in the other House of Congress. That Sena-
tor, sir, has referred on a former occasion, to the
first subject of difference between us, which was
respecting the first bank that was chartered in the
State of Kentucky. I was a member of the Le-
gislature of that State at the time this' corporation
was establ&hed. A bill was presented with the
imposing title "to incorporate an insurance com-
pany," not a word was said in it respecting a
bank; there was, however, a provision in it, that
the company might issue notes payable to A B, or
bearer; the bill passed without opposition, and I
have never heard it said by any member of that
General Assembly, that he suspected the incorpo-
ration of a bank was intended. It was, as the
honorable Senator has stated, a fraud upon the Le-
gislature. When I returned to the Legislature, I
attempted to repeal it. The honorable SeBatcr
had then become a member, I believe, for the first
time. I introduced a bill to effect my objec'. I
relied in argument upon the fact that -a fraud had
been committed, and that the Legislature possessed
the power to repeal it. The Senator, on the other
hand, relied upon the sacredness of the charter,
and the vested rights acquired under it. The
repealing bill passed the House, of which we were
members: it also passed the Senate; but the Go-
vernor exercised his veto power. It again parsed
the House of Representatives by the constitutional
majority, but failed in the Senate by two or three
votes. The bank went on, and I heard little more
of it, having ceased to be a citzen of the State,
until the year 1820, when I was sent by the Legis-
lature of Tennessee as a commissioner to the Le-
gislature of Kentucky, to aid in settling the dis-
puted boundary between the two States. I then
learned that a citizen of one of the Eastern States,
perhaps Massachusetts, bad arrived in Kentucky,
and, by some means, had acquired a control over
the institution, and had run off, taking the bank
with him, without leaving funds to discharge its
outstanding debts. Thus began and ended the first
bank in the Western States. It came into the world
by fraud, and went out of it by stealth.
The same honorable Senator said, when I made
the report now under discussion, I did not even
