Mar. 1840.
26th Cowg""1st Srss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4*5
Stale Debts—Mr. Grundy.
Senate.
stand the first fire,   I have served in this body
with that honorable Senator about ten years, and,
according to my recollection, he his never before
drawn upon ihe military science for any compari-
son, or figure of speech. This may have been owing
to his dislike to "military chieftains;" but now that
he has enlisted under the banner of a "military
chieftain," he has added to his powers of rhetoric
all the tropes and figures that can be gathered from
that science,   it seems to me, however, that I
stood the first fire pretty well, under the circum-
stances.   In the first place, I had no suspicion of
an ambuscade; I considered myself in the Senate of
the United States, where nothing was practised, bat
fair, open, manly warfare. It so happened in this
ease, that, upon the presentation of the report, the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittxndkn] com-
menced his fire upon me.    I defended  myself
as well  as   I  could.    Then the Senator from
South CaroLna [Mr. Preston] opened his batte-
ries upon me.   Next in order came the Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Southard ]   Last, though
not least, the distinguished Senator from Massa-
chusetts   [Mr. Webster]   came into the   battle.
The odds against me, in point of numbers, were
certainly considerable; bat, having truth and jus-
tice on my side, I did not feel that inferiority,
which, under different circumstances, I might have
experienced.      At   last my gallant friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Brown] came to my assist-
ance, and, so heavy a fire did he open upon  the
enemy, that I  then felt able to maintain the eon-
test   without yielding a single inch  of ground.
Late in the evening, when it was almost dark,
the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Kino] always ju
dicious, retired us from the field, and the enemy took
from ns no spoils of victory.   We carried with
ns the subject-matter of the war, and, on the fol-
lowing morning, we renewed the fight; and here
we have been, day after day, ready at all times
to do battle, and have even waited an til the uck
and wounded should recover, and the absent re-
turn  and fill   up  the ranks of our adversaries.
Sir, I delight to contend with Senators; there is
something high and noble in it.   If I am worsted
one day, perhapsjon the next,victory may perch on
my standard; and if not, then ltjmay at some fa-
tore period; and if it should never come at all, the
country may su tain ns detriment, nor should I ex-
perience mortification rr chagrin.  But, sir, there is
another species of attack about which I entertain ve-
ry different sentiments and feelings.  There is an-
other class of men who have assailed this,report in
no measured terms. I mean those letter writers who
are sent to this place by distant ediiors.   These
men I consider the basest and meanest cf mankind:
they misrepresent and falsify every thing that is
done here;   misrepresentation and falsehood are
their vocation and livelihood, and I am told that
some of them are so degraded as to write letters
for both sides—that is, the same writer, in describ-
ing the same transaction, will say in a letter to a
Federal paper, that "Mr. A, to-day, made a most
splendid effort in the Senate of the United States.
His eloquence was so powerful, that the whole of
the Democratic Senators looked aghast, and were
unable to open their mouths in opposition to his
eloquent effusions," dec.   So soon as he has sealed
up this letter and directed it, he writes a letter to a
Democratic paper, in which be announces, that
"this was a proud tlay for the Democracy of the
country.    Mr. B, to-day, did himself immortal
honor; he Lterally demolished tht whole Federal
phalanx of the Senate," &c. &c.   As to this class
of individuals, Mr President, I have but a word to
say.   With them I will hold no controversy, and
to them I 'ay, Procul, 0! procul ate profani!   Yes,
sir, the farther off the better, for we can hold no
communion together.
I come now to the discussion of a subject upon
which, of all others, the Republican party has been
most misunderstood and mo«t misrepresented. We
are charged with being in favor of an exclusive
metallic currency. This u not to, so far as I un-
derstand ihe sentiments of the party. The Piesi-
dent of the United States, in his letter to the
Honorable Sherrod Williams, distinctly nega-
tives th 8 idea, so far as relatt s to his own opinions.
la bis late message to Congress noth ng of the kind
15
is intimated.   So far from it, he declares that,
in a country so commercial at this, banbs will
always exis*.   Reform, and not destruction, is the
policy in regard to banks, which he recommends
I know, full well, what course has been pursued
upon this subject throughout the country. It is to
charge us with holding sentiments which we do not
tntertain, and gravely urging on the people the
danger of such opinions.   I will now state what
my own opinions are, and whit I believe to be the
sentiments of the party of which I am a member  I
am not in favor of an exclusive rnetalliccourrency;
I do not believe that a sufficient amount of gold and
silver can be procured and retained in Ihe country
to supply an adequate circulating medium for the
commerce, the wants, and enterprise, of the com-
munity; but I am anxious to see the circulation of
small notes suppressed by those who possess the
power to do so.   We possess no such power; that
belongs alone to the States.   If small notes were
banished from circulation, gold and silver would
fill up the vacuum thus produced, and in this way
specie would be introduced and used in ordinary
daily transactions; while bank notes or other paper
would be used in larger dealings.   It is difficult to
say how far this reformation shou'd go, or how far
it should be extended.   I can only lay down the
principle upon which I am willing to act, and leave
to others, more «killed in the monetary and finan-
cial affairs, to furnish the details.   If a sufficient
amount of gold and silver can be procured to fur-
nish a circulation for all sums under ten dollars, I
am willing that all bank notes under that denomi-
nation should be banished from common use; I am
willing even to go farther.   If the amount of gold
and silver be sufficient to furn sh an adequate cir-
culation under twenty dollars, I am willing to go
to that amount.   Were this done, the benefits aris-
ing from it would at once be apparent; all the la-
boring classes of the community would receive gold
and slver for their labor; nor would they be liable
to the frauds and impositions incident to bank pa-
per.   If gold and silver were in circulation, and a
pressure made upon the banks,this circulation would
be called to their relief, to a certain  extent.   The
utility of a mixed currency, such as that of which
I speak, is proved in England by the fact that,
when five pound notes are the lowest that  are
issued, there is no want of specie for the common
business transactions of the community.   Farther,
I wish to see banks regulated through the agency
of the State Legislatures, so as to compel them to
be honest.   In other words, I would place them
under the empire of the laws, and whenever they
ceased to answer the purposes for which they were
created, they should cease to exi^t.
What I have sa-d, relates to the general busi-
ness of the conn try, not to the fi^caj operations of
the Government—what we desire is to tee safe
banking; that is, that the banks shall be so con-
ducted and managed that the holdet of a bank
note shall be sure of his money when he wants or
demands it. Neither is the Republican party
against the credit system. We only wish a sound
credit system. We do not wish to see the banks
issuing fifteen or twenty dollars in paper f«r one
which they may have in their vaults in specie; nor
do we wish te see men subscribe for bank stock,
and pay it in, and then take it all out on their
stock notes, as has been frequently done; nor should
banks, in our view, be engaged in cotton or mer-
cantile speculations of any kind; all such adven-
tares endanger their note holders, and render their
creditors insecure. If they would confine them-
selves to their legitimate business, that is, loaning
money or their notes, and purchasing and selling
bills of exchange,.their profits would be ample,
although their discounts should be confined within
proper and safe limits. Men skilled in banking
say that, generally, a bank may safely loan two
or three dollars for one of specie in its vaults.
Is not this profit enough? For every hundred
dollars specie in bank, twelve or eighteen per
cent, may be received by the circulation of its
bills; that is, if I loan a hundred dollars to my
neighbor, six per cent, is all that I can receive
according to the laws of most of the State*,
but if, instead of this, I vest it in bank stock,
I Will receive, so far as specie gives circula-
tion, twelve, fifteen, or eighteen per cent. When
such privileges are granted, surely honesty and
punctuality should be enforced.
The measure now proposed is to give the revenue
arising from the public lands to be used for im-
provements among the States; and unless some
other means be resorted to, you must raise the
tariff to make up the deficiency in the revenue.
Now, I ask, is there a man in this couutry who is
not for other reasons in favor of a high tariff, that
will assent to this. The effect will be, as has been
clearly proven by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hubbard,] that the people of the United
States, in the States, will receive from this Govern-
ment from three to three and a half millions of dol-
lars, and then pay back the same amount, with the
increase of the cost and hazard of collection; that
is to say: for every dollar thus distributed, a dollar
and twelve and [a half, or twenty-five cents, will
have to be returned. It is said,3however, that we
can make up the deficiency in various ways. The
first which has been proposed is a duty on imported
silks; this duty would be right, and I regret that
the other House, which can alone originate a bill
upon this subject, has not sent one to that effect to
this body; for I am anxious to see this duty im-
posed; but my opinion is, that'all that accrues from
this additional source of revenue will be needed on
account ot the rapid redaction of the revenue from
customs under the compromise act.
It is urged, in the next place, that a potion of
the army, a part of the mounted meo, which now
consist of two regiments, might be discharged.
This is not a time to reduce the military force of
the country. The war in Florida is still going on,
and if any portion of the troops should be with-
drawn, the inhabitants of that Territory, the men,
women, and children, will be more exposed to the
rifle, the tomahawk, and the scalping-knife, than
they now are. Besides, we have a very serious
controversy with Great Britain respecting our
Northeastern beandary; and the negotiations, so
far as they have been made public, do not promise
a very speedy and amicable adjustment of that dif-
ficulty. Further, we have on our western frontier,
adjoining the States of Missouri and Arkansas,
many powerful tribes of Indians, and we should
be more savage than the savages themselves were
we to fail in furnishing an adequate military force
to repel aad instantly put down any hostile move-
ment which they might make upon that exposed
fiontier. This Government, in carrying out what
I have always considered a wise policy, has con-
centrated apon the borders of these two State* the
Indian tribes that were scattered throughout the
country. We have created this exposare to dan-
ger in that quarter, and are therefore bound, by
every obligation, constitutional and moral, to pro-
tect the inhabitants against the danger produced by
our own acts. So strongly do I feel the doty wh'ca
rests apon the Government on this subject, that I
am not only unwilling to disband the mounted
men which were raised for their protection, but,
whenever a reasonable ground for the apprehen-
sion of danger shall be shown, I am prepared to
vote for any amount of force which may be deemed
necessary to repel or remove all apprehension of
danger. It is the doty of this Government to pro-
tect every portion of the country, but this frontier
in a more especial manner.
It is further said that oar diplomatic corps at fo-
reign courts should be reduced. Oar foreign rela-
tions have been so ably and so successfully ma-
naged, during the last ten years, that I should be
unwilling to see any change, unless some agent
were designated and shown to be unnecessary.
An argument is drawn in favor of the distribu-
tion of the revenue arising from the sales of the
public lands, from the fact that a bill is upon the
table in the Senate, giving to the new States the dis-
position of the lands within fheir limits, and sur-
rendering to them one-half of the proceeds for their
expense in making the sales, and for transacting
such an agency. It is trae that the Senator from
Sooth Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] has introduced such
a bill, and it is also true that« is free from the con-
stitutional objection which attaches to the project
of distribution; but whether it will meet with favor
or not is yet to be ascertained.   For myself, I am.
