É86
APPENDIX tO THE CONGUESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
2trrw Cono"«*1st Sbss.
Stale Debts—Mr. Grundy
Senate.
incliotd to tbiiik that it will not. My present irr-
pr.ss.on is, that the system now in operation shoul 1
be continued, with the vaiiUions winch I will now
meotun—and I will observe that the opinions I am
about to express are not of recent dale, but those I
have entertained ever since I have arrived at man-
hood, and that I urged them daring the firstsession at
which I took my seat in the Senate. I am an ad-
vocate for pre-emptioners and pre-emption rights
By changing day-laboters and tenants into tree
holders, an operation is effected which makes eacli
ndividual more of a man, and more attached to hi;
country; it eleva'es him from a necessitous situa-
tion to a more exalted and independent station; he
enjoys the benefits cf ihe who'e proceeds of h s la-
bor, and the: e is no division of his earn'ngs bet wren
himself and a landlord or a task-master. What he
makes is his own, and he can rear up his family in
a free air, and with an independent sp r t. So tho-
roughly am I persuaded of this, that I wuuld be
willing to hold out inducements to those who now
reside in the old S'ates, and are unable to acquire
a reeholj, to go to ihs far West, and obtain an in-
dependence at a moderate pnce. I should be inclined
to say to all such as may settle on the public lands,
and show by a continued residence a deiermmaaon
to-be permanent settlers, that they should have the
lands at fifty cents per acre, or eren less. And I
ask, why sh-rald we not be liberal to those who go
to the far West to belter their fortunes? They ate
b <n* of our bone, and flesh of our flesh; and if
any of the citizens of Tennessee wish to go, I re-
peat the language which I used upon a former oc-
casion: "Go and be happy, and may tho God of
all mercies protect and prosper you." I wou'd
graduate the price of the public lands; I would not
continue the absurd practice of requiring as high a
sum for poor as for rich lands. But Itt this plan
of distribution prevail, and no si t led need expect
ape emptiun n¿ht, nor will .he graduation of
pnce ever be effected. In shoit, I consider this
project of distribution as the deadliest blow that
could be struck to the prosperity and advancement
of the new States; therefore, if there were no
oher reason, I should oppose it.
Mr. President, I am not mistaken in my views
upon this subject. I am a Western man; I was
reared from my infancy among that description of
men whose cans* I advocate; I know their bravery
in war, and honesty in peace. When our country
needs soldiers, they are the men safest to be looked
to; and,- when meney is needed, they will contri-
bute what they have with a free good will.
-The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
asks, "What father would not give a portion of
his property t  save a member of his family from
ruin?" I answer, none. But, in such case, the
father gives his own property, which be his a right
to dispote of at his pleasure; but we are asked to
give property and money which we hold in trust
for other purposes, and have no constitutional right
lo dispose of according to c ur will and pl<;asu:e.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr Phelpsj siys
that this report is confuted and indistinct, in rodnc-
ii g different subjects, and blending ih>m togeih^r.
Not  *o; the fault ii not in the report, bu: in th se
who thus rta'l it.    Tne first part of ihe report
has rxclusive reference to the assumption of the
Slate debts by the General Government; it has
noshing todo with the public lands, or the revenue
arising trom them; a-id so it is with the reso'u-
tions: the first three lelae  exclusively to the as-
sumption of the State ('ebt=, and the fourth to the
Íttblic lands and the revenue arising theie'rom.
le asks, what is meant by the terms "diwet" and
"iadtreet" in the first resolution?   My answer is,
that a (/¿«it assumption is an absolute promise to
pay; indirect, is a guarantee or a conditional pro-
mise, or any other form or mode of assumption,
by which the Uni'ed   States might become   olii-
mately responsible. He further says he cannot vote
for or against the   resolutions   without  subjecting
himself to misrepresentation.   All I can say is,
that this m;srepr«sentation will not grow out of the
report or resolutions—hey are plain, distinct, and
easily understood; and   1 can   tell  the honorable
Senator that, it be expects to escape misrepresen-
tation, be will be more fortunate than most mem-
fcea ©f tb|« honorable body.   He, and the Senator
fnm Miisis<ijp', [Mr. Henderson,] both say that,
if I will prove that this Government had the con-
stitutional light to purchase and pay for Louisiana
and the Flor das out of the proceeds of the public
land-, they will then show that Congre?s can dis-
pose of ths public meney acording to their will
and pleasure. Tnese honorable Senators must ex-
cuse me for not attempting to show the power and
the right to purchase Louisiana and the Floridas;
I respectfully decline all argument on that subject.
I will not a'tempt tj prove tr-at three sovereign and
mdeperid-nt St?tes sre constitutionally among
u«; I will not offend the people of these Sta'es
by an ar¿ument to prove that they are pro-
perly a part and portion of this Confedracy; I will
not iusult six honorable Senators by an effort to
show that they are rightfully members of this hono-
rable body. I feel astonished that the honorab'e
member from Mississippi [Mr. Henderson] should
join in this inquiry and suggest o,: he and his State
stand closely allied and connected with ihe subject
of this inq'iiry. His Siate wa* a'so purchased,
at.d so was Alabama, by the General G)vein-
ment. The only difference is this: that Louisiana,
Arkansas', and Missouri, were purchased from a
fi r*ign Government; his State, and the State of
Alabama, were purchased from Geergia, one of the
States of the Union. He ought, therelore, to be
carrful how he rases questions of this sort, and
asks for di'cusskns upon them. For my part, I go
upon the decision of the Government of my coun-
try; it has settled the^e questions long since, and
being no agitator, I wi 1 not agitate them here.
I am at a loss to know why it is that th s report
has tie  n treated with more severity than usual. It
has cost the gentlemen on the other side of the Se-
ñale no labor: if any reputa'ii n is to be lost, it will
fall upon its author, and the commifee who ap-
proved it. It may, however, be thpt a favorite
sche ne or plan of operations is broken in upon,
aad defeated by it. I have la'e y seen in the Na-
tional Intelligencer statistical tables, showing how
nvich the Sia*es of Virginia and Maryland, and the
diffVrent count es in each of ihese States, would re-
ceive under the distribution land bill; but, at the
same time, not one word was said in that print,
shewing the effect that would be produced by such
a dis'ribu'ion. Now this report fully and clearly,
in my opinion, demonstrates not only the injustice,
the inexpediency, and the unconstitutionality of the
assumption of the State debts, but that if the cupi-
dity Of the honest, independent, and high-minded
people of this country is to be appealed to (which
was evil*ntly the design of these publ cations,)
even then the disbibation of the land revenue
would increase, instead of lighten, the burdens of
the community.
The Senator frrm Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den,] in his commentaries on the report, asserts tnat
we are for an exclusive metallic currencv; and
that we are making war up< n the banks. I have
alieady endeavored to show that in both these par-
ticulars, such accusations are unfounded. It is
true we would, if we could, make banks honest;
but the power to d) so res's on'y with the S a'es;
they have created them, and ihey a'one can regu-
late and control them. The same S nator a-ks
what difference tlvre is be'ween borrowing money
from the lords of Englan', and borrowing it from
ojr own ci izars? adillaris a dollar, no matter
whure it com°s (rom? To my mind the difference is
very palpable. If money be boirowed from our
own citizens, the annual interest remains in this
country; it is still among us, and constitutes a part
of the nation's wea'th; but if it be borrowed in
Europe, and the interest be annually sent to the fo-
reign capitalists who loaned it, then the wealth of
this coamry is duninishe J to that amount. If two
hundred millions of State bonds be heid by foreign
capitaLs's, it will lake ten millions of dollars annu-
ally, at"five per cent, to pay the interest. And this
drain is constantly made, year by year, from the
productive industry of this country; in short, it is a
tax upon the labor of the people of the United
Sta e*, amounting to one-tenth of all the'r surplus
productions. This I view as a very serious evil,
and one that onght not to be encouraged or pro-
moted.
Mr. President, I have learned from the new*pa-
pjrs, and wi h u g-et, that in another t-o ly, ihe sub-
ject of the Pres denfal election «as ur<u¿ht into
di-cuvMon. I did hop  nnlexpect th it we, at least,
should hear nothing of it in this honorable bud,;
tut I have been mistaken. It ha* been introduced
here; and the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] though he disclaims the character of a
prophet, has \ en lured to predict, thit the days of
the pre<ent dominant party are numbered. I have
often heard the same thing said before, but the pro-
phecy has as often failed; and I have no doubt it
will tail again.
Thi« shows how cquaLy happ ness is distributed
amon? men in this h'e. The Whig-., as they call
themselves, are always victoiious before the battle;
the Republicans are si, whnn the battle comes; and
from this time until November, we shall hear much
or carousals, marching and couve-maich.ng, wall
bann-rs displaced, thinrghout oji country. They
aiehappvin anticipvi >n of sneers; the Repub-
In-an^ a e «o in actual ru.r >«. &i>, the Whig*
constitute the mosi horing and hopeful party that
ever existed m ¡ ny country. They may well ap-
propriate to their own use the iJea, ¡f not the lan-
guage, of the port:
"ITope springs eternal in the Whig «h breast;
Whigs nevei are, but at ways to Le, ble^t '
Bat the same honorab'e Senator tell« us that he
sees a light rising in the West, which inspires him
.with hope. Sir, my dull optics have not seen that
-l.ght of which he speaks; and if the honorable Se-
nator will look, some time hence, he will discover
that he has m s aktn for a substantial luminary, a
small transient meteor, which has exploded and
l*it no trace behind. But I have seen a light arise
in the West; and so brilliant w, s ii, that it dimmed
and obscured all the lesser lights around i>; it as-
cended h gher and higher, until it reached the me-
ridian; there it remained stationary for a time; so
effulgent was it, that it irradiated th s who'e con-
tinent i's rays crossed the Atlantic, and penetrated
the courts and palaces of kings, and influenced
their councils; it was seen and felt wherever
civilized man dwelt. But that light is fast de-
scend ng in the West; it has almost reached the ht-
rizon, and will soon be beyond the sight of mortals.
Mr. President, you and I shall never see its like
again; we are too old. Such lights do not Visit our
earth but at rare and long intervals. I need
not say to the Senate, or to this audience, that the
individual I have described, under the figure intro-
duced by the Senator from Kentucky, is Andrew
Jackson, the pride and glory of our country. When,
impartial history thall have fatthfully performed its
offi e, the aged men cf after time* will point him
out to their children as a man to be imitated, but
not be equal'ej.
I will now proceed to answer some of the re-
marks made by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Tallmadqe ] He says, this land wr.s surrendered
for the be lefit of all the States— Irrefore the pro-
ceeds may Le distributed to all. Eut this land was
surrendered to the Confe 'erac/ of State-, not to the
States separately" and individually. The right to
impose duties ou imports belonged to each S'ate,
within its own territory. This right was surren-
dered io ihe Federal Government; and th  States
could now claim, with the same propriety and rea-
s in, a di'tribut e.n of the moneys arising from im-
p sts, end the cía m would be as well founded as
that which is now asserted with i^peet to the pub-
lic lands.
That gentleman says that the dabt of the State
of New York is over-estimated by the committee;
and this he attempts to prove, by saying that the
State has a fund set apart to discharge a portion of
her debt, and good and sufficient security for
another part of it. This is a novel mode of prov-
ing that a debt does not exist: the gentleman's
statement only goes to show that means of pay-
ment are provided—not that the debt does not exist.
If you, Mr. President, have my note for a thou-
sand dollars, and I have money to the same amount
locked up in my desk, with which I mean to dis-
charge my obligation, am I not still indebted to
you for a thousand dollars until I shall pay you?
The Senator mistakes ability to pay for non-indebt-
edness.
I regret that he haa made it necessary for W"
