Dec 1839._____________
£6th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr
Appointment of Chaplains—Mr. Crabb.
H. of Reps.
to reply to some other remarks in which he has in-
dulged. When ha left us aod joined the Opposi-
tion, I certainly never intended to reproach him
for it. My impression was, that "he went oat
from ami ñg us because he was not of us " I felt
neither mortification nor ill-will; and why that Se-
nator should use (he language towards me which I
shall presently notice, is altogether unaccountab e.
T cannot paTiicipae with him in his denuncia-
tions of the present Chief Magistrate. I know too
well the mamer in which ihat officer discharges
his public duties; that he h:s talents of the fir t
order even his enemies admit—that he faiihrully
and industriously employs them to prorw te what
he believes to be the best interests of the country
I know. In all bis intercourse with foreign na-
tions, I have seen him careful and vigilant in
guarding the national charac'er, inteiest. and ho-
nor. In administering our internal affair*, the
best energies of his mind have been constantly
directed to the prosperity of our whole country.
That he should te entirely free from error could
not be expected, but ihat he intends all his mea-
sures for the general welfare, I confidently believe
and affirm.
The Senator commenced his remarks by saying,
jn application to myself, that this was all a Quix-
otic proceeding.   Ttus comparison and remark has
been so ofen used by every body that it has  lost
all its point, and its repetition has cea&ed to be
the evidence of talent or genius.   He says I have
come into the Senate with two commissions. That
is tras, so far as relates to my declining to accept
the first commission, and obtaining a second, upon
a second election.   But, what is therein this to dis-
turb the  Senator from New York1?   It cost him
neither labor nor trouble; that fell upon myself and
friends.   I had constitutional scruples as to the
propriety  of my taking  a seat   under   the first
election; I   resigned, and   wa? re elected.   Even
if  I    were  mistaken,   such   respect   was   du?,
I   think,   to   my    own    views,   as   to   have
p*ecluded a reference to it here; and such   has
been the course of every member of the Senate
(although I know some of them entertain an opi-
nion different from mine,) until the Senator from
New York took his seat among us.   Those who
scrapie at nothing may reproach those who enter-
tain scruples; those who fee) them seldom will.   I
will state my views a little more at large upon this
subject.   I place but litte value on a commission,
except so far as it is evidence of what had preceded
it, that is, the favorable opinion of my countrymen
—that I highly prize.    ( will tell that honorable
Senator how I obtained my first commission; the
second was only a matter of course.   It was not
by solicitation; no expression of a desire to be elect-
ed had escaped me.   No, sir, I did not traverse the
State and make speeches denouncing my old friend*;
I formed no new political alliances; it was not the
effect of a new-torn zeal displayed in behalf of my
ancient political enemies.   I am here upon the free,
unsought suffrages of my old political friends and
associates.    I will neither deny nor disguise the
high gratification I experienced on my late visit to
Tennessee, where I only remained a few days.
When the old grayheadcd men, who had stoodjby
me for upward of thirty year*, approached me,
with joy glistening in their eyes, and, taking me by
both hands, congratulated me upon my restoration
to this honorable body; and when the young met
me, in like manner, and talked of their tather's
friendship and mine: Oh! sr, in this there wai a
luxury of fee'ing which I would not exchange for
all the huzzas and plaudits which a renegade ever
received from ten thousand tongues of his old ene-
mies, now convened into friends.
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan]
and myself, the other day, expressed an opinion
against an exclusiva metallic currency. How
were we treated by the Senator from New York?
But I will first remind him that 1 have been a
long time in public life, and, in the en mation of
my friends, most have " rendered the State some
service," or I should not have been continued until
this period; and I submit to all candid and reflect-
ing men, whether the language used by the Sena-
tor from New York can find a justification. What
is that language?   He says he hat no doubt that
at present we enteitam ihe opinions which we ex-
press. '• But a few lashes from the coachman (the
President meaning) will put us in the trat-es." I
would ínqure whether this is a qu tat ion from
Skakspeare, as the Senator, ihe other day, said of
the expression, "Ingratitude moie strong than
traitor's arm*," when applied to the President of
the United States. I presume this is no quotation
from Siakspeare. That great judge ot human
n; ture never pat i-.to the mouths of his lowest
characters surh language in application to the
Chief Magistrate of a free people and the repre-
sen'atives of sovereign Stites But were it a quo-
tation—can he who uses a dagger excuse himself
by the pre'ext that he has bnrrowed it from
another? Whether the Senator from New Yrrk
speaks from experience, as to the application of
the Presidential lash, I know not. For any thing
I know, he may have been so severely lashed as to
make him break entirely loose from the coach. In
that case, the danger is that he may be so mad-
dened with rage as to injure himself. I recollect
an occurrence which took place in Virginia some
five or six years ago. I was travelling in the
mail coach; we had sopped in a village late at night,
attd set out very early in the morning, and were to
travel about twenty miles to another village to
breakfast. We travel on very quietly and safely until
we reached the half-way house, where an exchange of
coachman and horses took place. So soon as
we set out from there, one of the lead horses be-
came very restiff and fractious; the coach-
man applied the lash with great severity; the horse
became more furious, and at last broke loose from
the coach, taking with him a part of what are now
called "lead bars," but which, when you and I
were young, Mr. President, and more conversant
wi h such things than we are now_ were calle I
"swingle trees;" the coach was a very fine one and
remained uninjured. We sent back to the half-way
house, procured another horse, and moved on very
safely to the breakfast stand. Bui before we
reached that place what do you think we saw?
The hor-e that had broken loose from ihe coach
had broken his nfck, and was lying dead by the
wayside. I lec'ured the coachman for exposing
the lives of passenzerj by running Mich «refractory
aud unmanageable horse in his coach. He ex-
cused himself by declaring th it he was an old
stage hor-e, and worked as quietly and safely for
several years as any horse that ever wore har-
ness—that it was only within a few weeks past he
had become restiff and unruly—that the change was
a together unaccountable—but one thing was cer-
tain, he would do no mere mischief.
I think I now see, by what is said by that Sena-
tor, why it is that the present Chief Masi trate has
ceased to be as great a favorie in New York as he
was formerly. Views are ascribed to him which
he never entertained. His opinions are proved
upon him by expressions which the Senator attri-
butes to certain people in th  city of New Yoik,
whem he calls Loco Focos; and this is the kind of
logic by which he establishes his facts. The
Loco Focos had resi lved that all banks should be
put down; they afterward voted for Mr. Van Bu-
rén; therefore the conclusion drawn the by Senator is
that the President is in favor of putting down all
banks. Or the Senator supposes that this might
have been in consequence of some private assu-
rance given by the Piesident. That such assurance
was given is only conjecture; there is no evidence
of it; whereas we have the opiniors df the Presi-
dent explicitly declared in his pnbltc and official
acts.
The Senator concluded his remarks with a shcu'
for the hero of Tippecanoe. This we shall con-
stantly hear until late in the coming autumn; but
when November comes—that gloomy month, when
Englishmen cut their throats, and Whigs lose all
their aBt <$ pated triumphs—then it will be a short
tale, easily told; then all their joy will be changed
into disappointment and grief: nor will any poet
be needed to celebrate the deeds of their hero. By
a small change of names, it has already been done
by one of the best British poets *
" 'Charge ! Crittenden, charge!  on! Tallmadge, on!'
Were the Uat words of Harrison."
Yes, sir, thus will end the political lift of the he-
ro, recently adopted as the leader of Ihe Opposition
phys cally, I hope he will live long to enjoy the
emoluments of the respectable and profitable office
he now fills, and to e-cupy ihat splendid mansion
(not a log cab n) which he now inhabits. This
will suit him bet er than the toils and tr< ubles of a
high po iticil staticn, and, fur the country, it will
be far te.'er.
I have fiiished the remarks I intended to make.
Not on my own account, but for my country, I
should regret exceedingly >o see any other disposi-
tion made of thee re olutions than their adop ion.
I do not mean that I should regret a mod fica'ion
in any form, provided the subject and obj^cisbe ré-
tame'; that is all about wh.ch I feel any solicitude.
I thank the Senate for the patient and continued
attent on with which I have been heard in defence
of ihe report and the resolutions which, by order of
tha special comm t er, I presenttd to the considera-
tion of this honorable body.
REMARKS OF ^R. CRABB,
OF ALABAMA.
In the Howe of Representative  Friday, December 27,
1839—On motion to recon-iJer the vote of the
House concurring in the resok>tion of th« Senate
proposing the appoin'ment o? Chaplains.
Mr. CRABB said that he could not have antici-
pated, when he made the motion to reconsider the
resolution from the Senate proposing the appoint-
ment of Chaplains for that body and the House
that it would give rise to so mucri discussion.    He
had made the moiion tu reconsider, not because he
was opposed to the appointment of Chaplains; on
the contrary, he fully approved the object of the
resolution from the Senate, but he had done so
at the request of his colleague, [Mr. Lewis,]  who
had himself submitted   the same nu.t on for the
accommednton of the gentlen an from  Georgia,
[Mr. Cocper,] but, not having voted in the major-
ity, was pron >unctd  by t.ie Chair   incapable  to
submit such a motion in the present cae.     But,
al.hough he could n^t have forseen the conse-
quences of his motion, and although  it was the
result, as far as he himselt entertained any feeling
on the subject, of that courtesy  which he heped
ever to be inclined to extend to any gentleman on
that floor, he could not say, wiih other gentlemen,
that he regretted ike motion had been made.     No,
sir, (said   Mr. C ) theie is much reason to be
f leased that the question has come up.   The reso-
luiion had passed silently through the House, and
could be looked upon  by the country as a mere
compliance wiih precedent and form; there was
nothing of substance in its adoption.   But now it
had, by the copre pursued by him, given rise to a
most   interest ng discussion—one that  does high
honor to both the heart* and heads of the  par-
ticipants in the debate; ard therefore, instead of
being deterred, had he foreseen what had transpired,
it would have furn shed him an  additional motive
for submitting his motion.   If there was a majurty
in the House, or indeed, he would say, if there was
a single individual, opposed to the ad ptionof the
resolution, he.for one,desired to see an opportunity
afibided for a plain manifestation of that opposi-
tion; if, on the other hand, there was, as he believed
theie was, a majority  favorable to the resolution,
that majority would record its judgment in a man-
ner satisfactory to itself and obvious to the country.
His motion, 'herefore, had had the effect of dis-
pelling the mere form of the matter, and of giving
solidity and sab  ranee to it, anJ, in addition to that,
of drawing forth the opinions of honorable gen-
tlemen in a most inter, sting and pleasurable dis-
cussion.    He deemed it di e to himself to say that,
wh*n he subm.ttfd the motion, he did not know the
preciie object of the honorable   gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Cooper,] for whose accommodation
he had acted.    He knew not but that  gentleman
desired te submit some salutary modification of the
Senate's reso'ut on.    It might have been that he
desired to provide  against compeasation to the
Chaplains to be elected, thereby to conform the
aspirations of candidates for those  offices more
nearly to the tiue spirit of that religion they proresa
to teach, which should ever be dispensed m the
manner of its glorious Founder, "m.bwt money
and without pri«*"   Th*  [•"* * . C.J he f+-
