Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fiSl
26th Cong-••• 1st Sess.
=¿=
Independent Treasury—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
The lollowing is the reply cY
r.    \
the
Mr. D*vis to
charseof misrepie eniatoa:   I
Mr President: The morning <b".loj#ing the re-
maiks made fey the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Bcchanan] upon my \ nnted spefth in reply to a
speech of his, I asked permisslori/f the Senate to
re-state my observations in reojy, as I had reason
t) believe some of them had been misapprehended,
and to add some further rem irks, as I had then
had an opportunity to run over the spesches and
should ecd°avor thus to p'ace the whole matter on
a footing ihat could mt be miappreh-nded.
The Senate being then anxious to proceed in the
unfinished business of the day, signified its wish
that I should embrace another opportunity, an 1 I
now seize the earliest moment which has presented
itself to discharge that duty. This, 1 am aware, is
a sul'je-t that ought not to cccupy time in this
place, and my apo'ogy is that I iHJ not irt'o luce
it, and claim only the liíht of vUdica'irg myself
against tbe extraordinary statemens of the member
from Pennsylvania.
In oider to a full understating of the relation
which events connected with this subject have wuh
each oth-r, I siall recall to mind the occurrences
as they happen d.
A few days before I replied to the member from
Penns.lvat.ia, I made some remaiks upon several
topics of interest which seemed to connect thetn-
felve* with the di'cussi <n, and the Senator trom
Mi«ñssippi (Mr Walker) ard tie S n tor from
Pennsylvania rep'ird. 1 then rejoined that I un-
ders'ood, from wh*t had be-n said, thit opinions
had been advanced th-.t it would le beneficial to
the country to rec'u-ethe value of property and
wage^, and ihat I might, in the cou-se of the
debate, make known my views upon the subject, if
a suitalle oppoituni.y oeru'red. To th s no
rapn se was madr. Soon afier the Senator frnu
Mis iscippi [Mr. Walker] delivered his speech.
The Senator from Pennsylvania fo lowed him, and
was followed by the other Senator from Missis-
sippi, (Mr. Henderson ) who spoke at laige in
rep'y to him upon he topic of wages. The Sena-
tor f-om Indiana (Mr. Smith) next took the flotr,
and spoke aUo briefly to the same point. Mr.
Merrick, of Maryland, succeeded him, and went
mu'h in'o the subject of the reduction of wages, in
rep'y to the Senator frrm Pennsylvania, as 1
understrod hi« , readin; the tab'es of wage1, to
ii'us'rate what the laborer received where the
cost of production was least. Tee Senator from
Kentucky, (Mr. Crittenden,) some days after,
while another topic was under discusu-n,) replied
t> the remarks if the member from Pei'n>ylvania
on the same topic To none of the^e speech s, or
the comments of the debaters, did I h*ar ary ob-
jeción or reply, though I thought they under.s'ond
the sp?«ch to which they made amwer.mcch as I did.
When the Senator from Maryland do^;d hi? re
murks, the day was far spent, but tne Aena'e
hiving manifested a determination to take tie
final question, by refusing to adjourn, late as it
was, 1 rose and as>ured the Senate that, whi e I
felt it to be a duty I could not omi , to reply to
some of the arguments in which doctrines were
advanced relating to great and monentou? in'erests
among those I represented, yet I should limit my-
self to a reply, and a reply only. I think it was
well understood to what my attention was chiefly
directed, and 1 thus gave distinct notice to all who
feltany interest in what I might say, of my specific
object.
I then preceded, in the presence of the member
from Pennsylvania, who si's n« r wlrre 1 stood,
and commented upon his arguments a larg • por-
tion of ihs time I was speaking. He best knows
whether he was in his seat all the time, but I
«aw him there much of it, and have reason to be-
lieve he was there, or near th-re, the whole of it.
He did not interrupt me in the progres* of my
remarks to correct any statement of his arguments,
n^rdid he suggest that I misipprehended them or
his sentment*, nor did he make any reply, thocgh
he had ample epporiuntty to do it when 1 took my
seat. My remarks were upon his sp'txh as deli-
vered here, and as I comprehend it from that deli-
very. I spoke of his arguments as I uadefilood
hem, beiog aided by top* rough minutes nctsi
diwn ps he was speaking. This occurred on the
231 of January, and, in about a forimght, my
speech was published, havirg been thus deiajed by
the sickness of the Reporter. His appeared a lilt! 
earlier. The speech I delivered L the same in
every essential and material particular as ihat in
print. Th? word? cannot, I know, be entirely the
same, but all else is. The arguments throughout
are identical, and, Mr. President, as you were an
attentive listener, rs well as many o hers sitt ng
here no¡v, I appeal to you and them, if any vaca-
tion has teín detected, to make it known. The
member frcm Pennsylvania has not ventured to
suggest any. These are facts about which there
cannot and will not be any controversy.
And heie I repeat that I sp ke tf ihi speech
delevered in tK5 place as it fell from his lips, and
could -peak of nothing else, for it had n t been
published. 1 sfoke of it a? I undrstood ilin the
del.vr/, gathering his sentimer.ts and reasoning
from him as he proceeded. My comprdieision of
his views was the only guide I couid have. In
my reply I spoke of it in his presence, in )oars,
and in that ot th< Senate and the pub ic—makn.e
every st> tement, every argument, 5s e'ear and
distinct as 1 was able to c"o. No objectoi «as
made to any th ng I said. Whtt more cou'd I dt ?
Wh^t mtre ran any one do? Whit oiher as-
surance cou'd I have of my c^rríctres*, ( r ot he
acquiesierice ot the member from Pennsylvania in
n? None whatever, unkss the manuscr pt report
bad bren submitted iQ his ie7i-ion a"d coirscion.
I could have no reason to beLeve that it was pos-
sible for me, under such circums'ancs, to mistake
or misapprehend him. I had, on the cn'rary, as
strong reisoa for be'iesKni, as we ever hive in de-
late, that I w.'sjijht; for it -s ihe custom in 'his
bodv to correct dtba'ers on tl.e spot by explana-
tions—a rule belong'nz to a'l deliberative bod es,
and to the just ce of whiihr.o one j i Ids a mo e
ch3erful obedienre than I do, fe r I am willing ihat
members shcu'd expound the-r own \iews. Under
these circumsances, the sp ech went to the publ c,
and I «hall leave th<<t pubic to determine w ih
what j.ist ce a charge of misrepresentation can be
sustained, or if there can be thes' gitest ground for
complaint.
Yet, *¡r,six weeks after all this, his speech and
mine having in the mean time been widely ci^u-
lat'd and rea4, tbe S-na'or cami into 'h-* Sena'e,
a.' d without the si¿hiest prev ous in'nnatim, d itct
or indirect, to me, of his purpose oí di>satisfaction,
ro^e and declared here his astmishment at the
manner in which hs was represent'd in my reply;
-ini this he did in era  ha^h and discourteous. I
thought he might have pur u d a curse nnch
m re suitable 10 correct a misander tand ng, if
there wr.s one, and that was his ot.ly view. The
lapse of un; and the circumstances give to this
m-mmini an extraordinary chime <r, and rrr.rka
deficiency in '1 at decorum which s g ahzts tin in-
te course of the members ot the Benste. I see
nothing m my corree ia t!.e ^-ligh'est degree dis-
respectful to ihe member—no hug b irdering upon
injustice, or fro-n wh'c'i it is p< s-ible 11 infe t>e
exi-ten"e of a motive to Wiong h m; atd th°re was
none. But, sir, he has cl^en hii ume snd place.
He came here, and not to me, foi redress, aad h;re
be has mide his appeal. If it could be h s pur-
pose to come upon me by surpr'se, he succeed ';
lor no one could have less anticipated any com-
plaint or cause of complaint. If it could be his
purpose to corea! h's griefs, an 1 mike h;s attack
so suddenly that I migk.t be foi-n 1 with the snbj'-ct
dismis-ed from my mind, with neither I is w r my
speech by m", nor any thi-rfc to refresh my memory,
or to enable me 'o cempare facts, he accomplished
his purpose, and had the full benefit of it; for I
was indebted to the volun'ary kindness of a friend
for ihe cor y of his speech, handed to me at the
moment, from which I lead some of his remarks.
Such ii the course chosen by the member. Here
he has made his appeil, an I here and in the coun-
try let the question as to his motives be judged of,
and whether I can be justly chargeable with the
sligh'est injas'ice towards h'm.
After m%ny comments, when called upon soto
do, the Senator pointed out two paragraphs in my
speech to which he took exception.    His remarks
II
were so d ffjsc upon wages, hbor, and other topics,
that I was not abe to asteitain with satisfactory
preciih n of what he did complain, nor am I able
now to comprehend it so dútinctly as .1 could
wish.
I wi 1 a>k h m if he has any objections to that
part of my reply relative to the causes of distress
in the country? We seemed to be agreed that it
was owing to the derangement of the currency;
but, in the cause cf this derangement we differed.
If he has any, I wish him to state it now, as I can
reply more understanding^ if better informed.
[Tne Sena or declined answering.]
1 c mmented upon the remarks of the Senator
upon banking in the United States—-jpon exces-
sive issuis ol piper—upon tha amount of circulat-
ing medium—u/iou credit—upon speculaton—
upon exccsv.ve impor's, anJ upon the increa ed
cosí of production and the late of wages, said to
be produc-d by banking. I understood the Sena-
tor to dwell upon all ihete mitters in his speech—
to spe k of them rs ev 1? calling for correction.
If there be any thing objectionable in my remarks,
I sh uM he tetter ple^s d to have it distinctly
pointed now. Ia the course of his observations
ihs other d*y in support of his complaint, he u'-ed
this ejp.ess on: "All 1 can say is, ihat I used no
Michargameuts." I regret that he declines speci-
f}inghs objections, b-ciuse I was then, and am
now, at ih S3 o nnd*rftand what precis?atgumtnts
h   alluded to in that declaration.
I underütanl him to «peak particularly and
¡trongly of the manufacturing interest, ptcr.bing its
emb irrassm nt to the costo'production, or, toother
words, to h gh wige-; for labor crea'es production,
and the cost of production depends upon that of
labor. Every laborer kno*s tint, as a general
principle, the c.'st of product on ca ino'. be dimi-
nished, exept by ljwering wa;is, and that wages
and production go up and down together. I urider-
s'o d him to impute our want of success to the
great cost of production, and to argue that we
should succeed in obtaining possession of our own
market?, and be successful c mpetitors for the
marke's of ihe world, if the currency could be so
reducsd as to bring down the cost of productiin to
the standard of prices throughout the world. I un-
derstood bim that this was the corrective and the
remedy for the manu a-turers at least. I thought
this a ne .r appr a"h to hard money almr; and
ho^farit i, conttstent with his declarations of
friendship to a mixel currency, otherscan judge as
well as I can.
As the Senator has declined to specify, and as I
am left to proceed by s;ich lights as I have,, I
cha 1 now retd >owe par s of the printed speech of
the Senao-,anl leave others to judge how far they
sustain the view I look of his arguments.
[Here Mr. D. r ad ¡everal parages frcm the
speech, showing the general cuirent of a gumenc
upon t>,nks, banl<iag,and excessiveissu sof papjt;
a'oo renting *o ciedts, specu'a icn, &c. which'it
is ennee s.a y to íepept \
Sir, I cannot detain the Senate by reading fur-
ther, and I have drawn pttemion to the.;*.para-
graphs to shnw, whüt I am sure ihe member w,H
not q i< s i n, that he treat d of banking as'il'esists
in the United Statfs as highly objectionable, and
bringing upon tbe public evils which denunaVd a
remedy-
I p-iss to another part of the printed speech,
whicb I de m more material, as it relat s.tQ these
mitters wh ch induced me ch'efly to reply lo hiin.
TheSea?t>r said:
"Sir, I solemnly beKeve. that if we could Sut
reduce (his inflaltd paper bubble to any thing 1Jb«
reasonable dimpn<ign*, New England wbukl
become th- most prosperous mannlaclU'ing'coun-
try that the ?un ever shone upon. Why canap.t we
manufa'ture goods, and especially cottoajgoclfet
which wi 1 go into successful competit on wi'h
British manufactures in foreign markets? Have
we not the necessary capital I Have we not the
industry? Have we not the msch'infry? And,
ahove all, are not our skill, energy, and enterprise,
proverbial throughout the world? Land is a so
cheaper here than ia any other coun'ry on the
face of the earth. "We possess every advant.gi
«tah   Prt/idenceoan bestow upon is for th 
