£32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
26th Cong*•••1st. Sbss.
manufacture of cotton; bat they  are all counter-
acted by the folly of man.   The raw material
costs ns less than it does the English, because this
is an «nicle the price of which depends upon foreign
markets, and is not regulated by our own inflated
currency.   We, therefore, save the fi eight of the
cotton across the Atlantic, and that of the manu-
factured article on its return heie.    What is the
reason that, with all these advantages, and with the
protective duties, which our laws afford to the
domestic manufacturer of cotton, we cannot obtain
exclusive possession   of the home market, and
successfully contend for the markets of the world?
It  is simply  because  we  manufacture at the
nominal prices of our own inflated currency, and
are compelled to sell at the real prices of other nation*.
Reduce our nominal to the real standard of price 
throughout the world, and you cover  our country
with blessings and benefits.   I wish to Heaven I
could speak in a voice loud enough to be heard
throughout New England; because, if the attention
of the manufacturers could once be directed to the
subject, their own intelligence and native sagacity
would teach them how injuriously they are affected
by our bloated banting and credit system, and would
enable than to apply the proper corrective.
"What is the reason   that our manufactures
have been able to sustain any sort of competition,
even in the home  market, with those of British
origin?   It is because England herself is, to a
great extent, a paper money country, though, in
this respect, not to be compared with our own.
From mis very cause, prices in England are
much higher than they are upon the   continent.
The expense of living is there double what it costs
in France.   Hence, all the English who desire to
nurse their fortunes by living cheaply, emigrate
from their own country to France, or some other
portion   of the continent   The comparative low
prices of France and Germany have afforded such
a stimulus to their manufactures that they are now |
rapidly extending themselves, and would obtain
possession, in no small degree, even of the Eng-
lish home market, if it were not for their protecting
duties.   Whilst British   manufactures are  now
languishing, these of the continuent are springing
into a healthy and vigorous existence.   It was but
the other day that I saw an extract from an Eng-
lish paper, which stated that whilst the cutlsry
manufactured in Germany was equal in quality
with the British, it was so reduced in price that the
latter would have to abandon the manufacture
altogether."
What do we gather from this? What is the
obstacle to the success of the manufacturer, in the
opinion of the Senator? What prevents him
from obtaining exclusive possession of our market,
and sharing those of the world in the sale of his
productions? It is the inflated paper bubble; it is
"because we manufacture at the nominal prices
of our own inflated currency, and are compelled
to sell at the real prices of other nations." Sacb,
in his view, is the cause ef our embarrassment and
failure in success. Now, sir, what is the remedy
proposed by the Senator? "Reduce (says he) our
nominal to the real standard of prices throughout the
world, and you cover our country with blessings
and benefits." We are to take exclusive posses-
sion of our own market, and enter those of the
world successfully—and by what process? By
reducing the cost of our goods "to the standard of
prices throughout the world;" by bringing wages
down as low as those who manufacture cheapest;
for by no other process can we enter the markets
of the world in successful competition. The Sena-
tor shows us that England is carrying on an
unsuccessful competition, in the manufacture of
cutlery, with Germany, because of the paper
money of England. Germany, he alleges, is a
hard money country, and the costs of production
or wages is lower, and she therefore manufactures
cheaper. Now, sir, what is the standard of prices
throughout the world? It must be a standard
which will enable us to sell as low as others—to
produce as low as the nation that produces lowest,
or we cannot get ibe exclusive possession of our
own market, and enter the markets of the world in
successful competition. We most go down to the
wags* of France, Germany, and other countries that
State Debts—Mr. Strange.
produce lower than our laborers, or those of Englan d*
If I can understand language, the paper bubble is to be
reduced till this result is reached. The Sena'or says
he is for a mixed currency, but goes for the reduc-
tion of it till it brings prices to this standard. Of
what consequence is it, Mr. President, whether it
shall be mixed or unmixed, hard money, or hard
money and paper, if the reduction is to go on till
this effect of coning down to the standard of prices
throughout the world is produced? None whatever:
and yet, so confident is the Senator in the sound-
ness of his policy, that he exhorts the manufac-
turers to take the ccrrective into their own hands.and
to bring this result about; and yet he complains of
me as representing him as too much of a hard-mo-
ney man. I supposed in all this the Senator locked
really to hard money; but whether he did or not is of
little consequence, as the effect on labor and business
will be the same. I was led to this conclusion, for I
thought he would not wish to be understood as
viewing OBe currency as most useful to the manu-
facturers and another to the country. If there be
confusion in the matter, I am not answerable for
that, for I replied to sach opinions as were ad-
vanced. It appeared to me that the evil complain-
ed of was the expansion of the currency, and the
remedy proposed a reduction to this standard of
prices throughout the world. 1 know the Senator
has spoken much of his friendship for laborers; but
it is his practical views of policy, his means to be
employed to secure prosperity, that I examined. I
did not consider the part of his speech from which
he has read, and considers the foundation of unjust
remark elsewhere, as an important or material por-
tion of his reasoning. Such is the doctrine contain-
ed in the printed speech. It is before the world, and
let them judge of it, and sse whether I have brought
the member nearer to being a friend of hard mo-
ney than he brings himself.
But the Senator pointed cut two paragraphs in
my reply which he says do him injustice. If so,
it was not my purpose. On the fir&t page, he
alleges that, in a general summary which I make,
(not of his exclusive views, as the paragraph
shows,) I impute to him an opinion that the Sub-
Treasury will have a greater influence over banks
and banking, and reduce the currency beyond what
he ever thought or has contended it would do, not-
withstanding I expressly state, ia another place,
when I speak of him alone, that he declares him-
self the friend of well regulated banks and a
mixed currency. On this point, I shall only say
it is the last on which I could have anticipated
complaint, after all the reasoning of the Senator
to prove the expediency of reducing the currency,
because of the evils of banking. But the effect
of the bill is matter that never entered my mind
as of any moment. It was not the measure of in-
fluence which it would have that I discussed, or
thought important, as I alluded to it only in a
summary way. It was the opinions and doctrines
advanced in the argument, the general scope of
policy advocated by the member, upon which I
commented, and to which I replied. I could not
misunderstand him in expressing the opinion that
the bill would have its influence, as a corrective,
and I am indifferent what degree of influence is or
may be ascribed to it.
The Senator laid hold of another isolated para-
graph of my reply at the thirteenth pago, and sup-
poses I meant to assert that he and his friends'con-
tended that the bill would reduce the value of pro-
perty and wages one-half. I assured him the other
day, and now do it again, that such is not my
meaning, nor does it lecm to me to be the just or
fair construction of the language. The language
is this: " I do not impute this power to the bill, but
it is enough for ms that its friends do." What
power? He alleges the power to reduce wages and
property one-half. I say the power to reduce
wages and property, and to improve our relations
to foreign trade, without assigning any particular
proportion of reduction. The Senator draws the
the proportion from a hypothetical case stated by
me in illustration of the general proposition under
consideration, that a reduction of wages would be
beneficial to the laborer. This I combated, and
in the hypothesis assumed a case in which wages
; were supposed to be reduced one-half.   Having
Seríete.
gone through with this, which appears on the face
of it to be, what it i«, hypothetical, and not founded
on propositions intended to be imputed to any one
as usei in argument, I return by a new paragraph
to the bill, and use the language I have read, net
intending to refer to the hypothesis, or the propor-
tion of reduction in it, but to the general proportion
under coniideration. He therefore gives a meaning
to my remarks never designed or thought of by me
until I heard his construction. He does not read the
speech as I understand it, and meant it should be un-
derstood. This explanation is the same I gave the
other day, and is what the Senator called a dis-
claimer. It is a disclaimer of nothing but his con-
struction of my language and meaning. It that is
what he meant by a disclaimer, I am content with
it, but I wish to be rightly understood. If you
take the paragraphs alone which the Senator read,
it may be understood as he represents; but that
is not the inference as it appears to me from the
whole text.
But the Senator went further, and read from my
speech the next sentence, which is, "What re-
sponse will the farmers, mechanics, and manufac-
turers made to such a flagitious proposition?" and,
seizing upon the word flagiiijus,used in no sense of-
fensively, not having the remotest personal appli-
cation to him, but applied to the general proposi-
tion to reduge wages, &c. and not to the hypothesis
or any thing contained in it, inquires of the Senate
if he might not pronounce this statement a flagi-
tious representation of his remarks? I wish him
now to state whether in employing that language
he meant to reflect on me personally? (Mr. D.
paused a moment; and the Senator not making an
answer, he added,) if he did, then I hurl back the
imputation with the scorn and contempt language
so unrrerited and unprovoked deserves, and sus-
pend further remarks till I hear the member.
SPEECH OF. MR. STRANGE,
%      OF NOftTH CAROLINA.
In Senate,Whursdad, February 27, 1846—On the
assumption, bjcnhe Federal Government, of the
debts of me Suites, and in reply to Messrs. Cut
and Chit pen/en.
Mr. Faxi id*nt : I may say with honest lago—
but with m|cjT more sincerity than he did, " I do
repent me mat I did put it to you." I do most
sincerely regret the rashness which has imposed
upon myself a task to which my state of health is
so inadequate—the undertaking to address the S«-
na'e upon a subject which opens and has already
afforded so wide a field of debate. But the
good humored assaults made upon me on
yesterday by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] excited me to a degree
that made me unmindful, for the time, of my
weakness. Perhaps he brought me somewhat into
the state of the Prince of Denmark when wi'ness-
itig the extravagances of Laertes over the grave
of his sister, be exclaimed, 'Nay, an thoul't
mouth, I'll rant as well as thou." His prophetic
•visions produced a correspondent delirium ia my-
self, and tempted me to efforts to outprophesy him.
Time must, as in other cases, disclose whether the
four hundred who foretold success to Ahab at Ra-
moth Gilead, or Macaiah the sen of Iralah, who
prognosticated defeat, are the trner prophets.
But neither of us, I fear, can beast much of unc-
tion from above; and while it is forbidden to us to
look even upon the shadows of coming event , we
mu*t be content to speculate by the pale light of
reason, and to draw from the experenc  of the past,
analogical deductions for the future.
When I said to the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] on yesterday that I differed from him
with less regret than I did with the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bochan.iv,] I said it in no spi-
rit of UBkindness; indeed, had I done so, I should
have misrepresented my own feelings. I am not
one of those who cannot do justice to a political
opponent. No one, I am sure, within this chamber,
listens to that Senator with more pleasure than my-
self; no one more admires the dexterity with which
he wields his blade, although myself may sometimes
feel the keenness of its edge. But I cannot but re-
gret that the same sagacity and skill with which he
wields it are not displayed in the selection of the
