M4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S6th Cong« «-Ist Sess
State Debts—Air. Strange.
Feb.  1840.
Senate.
jythfalyaiidSttMiftMdisttotador for that purpose, and for
no other use or purpose whatsoever.
The language uc d in the deeds of other States is
substantially the same. It is very obvious that di-
tribuiion is cot one of the objects of the trust, or it
would hare been set forth. The object, after cer-
tain reservations, is one, and that is "to be a com-
mon fund for the use aad benefit of all the States,
according to the usual respective proportions in
the general charge and expenditure." It is well
known that, at this time, our Federal Cons'itution
had not been adopted, and that each State contri-
bn'ed by taxing aad collecting [from her own citi-
zens «o ranch to the general charge as Cong-ess
declared to be her quota. The objsct of the trust
declared in rtlat on to the pub.ic lands, was th>n
manifest—that a proportion equal to what each
State contributed to the general charge and expen-
diture, of the proceeds of the public lands, was to be
applied towards her quota of such charge and ex-
penditure,, and diminu-h to that extent her neces-
sity for self taxation. The woids ''use and bene-
fit" exclude the ic"e t of an actual surrender to the
States; bul imp'; an applicat en by a tiustee to the
particular use declared. And as it to exclude any
possibility of bl stake, the deed goes on to ceilare
that it shall be faithfully and bona fide, (appropriate
words as applicable to a servant or trustee,) dis-
po-td of for that purpose, and no other use or pur-
pose whatsoevtr. Nothing can be more specific
andexe'u-ive of evey other use and purpose than
contribution to the gen ral charge ar.d expen'i ure.
< Thus matter  Hood anterior to the adoption of the
Federal Constitution. But I understood tbe Sena-
tor from Ketucky, {Mr. Cut,.] to say that, afttr
that, the execution ol the, trus' became impos tble,
and the trmt fund cou«equentIy resulted to the ori-
ginal gran'ors. That the Stairs no lonjer on'ri-
buled, by s*lf-taxation, their propor'ions to the
general charge and expenditure; tut the levy of
taxes, was made by the General Government
through imp< sts upon the country at large, and
the measure of application, and the subjects of ap-
' licaiion were thereby enaihi'ated. It is trae that,
in practice, after the adoption of the. Federal
Constitution,the Saej,were no more called on to
contribute their proportions of the public claree
and expenditure, but this was a mere practical
' operatioa. Poten ñlly, both the objects and mea-
sure of the applicavion of the proceeds of the pub-
lic land?, were prexerved in tbe Constituiion. la
ihe fir«t article, second section, ar.d third clause of
tbe Federal Constitution, it is declared:
"Representatives and direct lazes shall be apportioned among
the sever*! States which may be included within this Union,
'"'according to their respective number , etc."
The whole revenue, then, it tnoaght expedient,
-  Might be raised by direct taxation, (and would pro-
bably be theasest equitable mo e.) and if so rai>e/J,
eteetly the proceeds of the public lands on;h>, ac-
eordnig to the tern* of cesión, to be applied in
•td/rf the States in men* respective proportion*, to
. lighten the tu-den of direct taxatoa opon each.
-Then both the object of apple it oa and the mea-
 «re of proportion would stand out in bold relief.
Reasons of policy and convenience hare induced
the States to prefer taxation by imposts to-direct
- taxation, hot in neither form Co they desire to he
" tax d beyead the public necessities; and to no far-
ther exten>, in either form, has power been con-
•  ferred oa Congress to impo e taxes and in neither
form his Congress the right to impose farther
taxes, white a fond lemaii  on hand applicable to
the poblic eipendituies. The public lands, then,
ma«t he csnd to lighten the barden of taxation, in
whatever firm taxation is levied. Whether the fact
be str.ctly so or not, taxation by imposts is sub-
mitted to, because it is sopprsed to approxima e
•  the same proportion in contribution by the re-
spective State! , with direct taxation.   The Iras',
. therefore, upon which .the public lands were held,
stands ia its tail force, and unchanged in its na-
-  tore and objects. This is conclusively shown by
the striking facts, that.alihongh the Federal Consti-
' fatten went iato operation in March, 1789. and
North Carolina made her cession in December of
that year, nine months after, and Georgia made
Iters in 1802, about thiiteen years after the Federal
GooslitBbon «rent into opera'ion, both these States
prt*rred substantially the language used in the
Virginia deed of cession, which, it is now con-
tended, could the  have no operative mean-
ing, and thereby dfcared trusts whch it was ob-
vious, at the time they were declared, could never
be executed. This is altogether too atsurd
to be supposed; and it must necessarily follow that
it was we'd understood that the adoption of the
Federal Constituiion produced no change in the
operation of these grants. This is funher con-
firmed by the second clause of the third section of
the fourth ait c!e of the Constitution, which declares
that
"The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all
needful rules ami regulations respecting the territory, or other
property belonging to the United States."
Now what territory was there belonging to the
United States, other than the lands ceded by the
States? And there is no evidence that any other ter-
ritory, which could be ca'led properly of the Uni-
ted State , was in contemplation. So far from it,
purchases of tenitery, smce made, Inve been se-
riouslv questioned as breaches of the Constitution.
It follows, then, that these public lan's were deemed
the property of the United States by the framers i,f
the Constitution, and not that the trust had resul ed
for the want of power to execute it. It appears, then,
that Congress holds this tund unr?er tbe same trusts
that it dors other property of ihe United States; and
the question recurs whether, if Com re=s cannot
ronstitmionally ra'se morey for distribution among
the States, she can do so indirectly, by applying the
meney which she holds for the purposes < f the Go-
vernment, to distribution among the State*, and
thereby create a necessity fer raising other money
for those purposes to which the fund distributed
onght to have been applied? Every fair mind fur-
nishes a ready answer to this question.
And is it not equally obvióos, that while the Go-
vernment conunufsifl operation, such must be the
tfTect of every distribution, unless v,e can suppo-e
the improbable (and cettatnly not now existing)
case ot the General Government holding funded
debt or stocks yielding an annual interest sufficient
to defray its current expenses. The enlightened
and able Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cil-
houn.] in his argument on the expediency t f this
measure, has put the ease of the present sta'e of
the Treasury and the prospective revenue, showing
th?t an abstraction of the proceeds of the public
lands must render an increase of the tariff" inevita-
ble. Bnt is it not equally apparent that if, as he
and I both think, we have no right to lay a tariff
for any other purpo-e than revenue, a distribution
of mcnay in the Treasury, which would have the
effect of rendering a reduction of the tariff imprac-
ticable, would be l;ahle to the san,e objections?
Both would have the effect of canning taxation to
supply money which had been disfrbuted. I thus
arrive at li.e conclus.on, that a distribution of the
proceed* of the public lands as far transcends the
constitutional irust powers of Congret* as the
assumption e>f the State debts, a measure from the
advocacy of which, as before ífated, every "body
shrinks.
9. Nor is the injustice of «ten distribution less *
apparent. The truth is, the only thing which re-
commends it to the favor of any ■©ne is its injus-
tice. What possible inducement conld twenty-six
gentlemen have to contribute a sum, it  be imme-
diately divided out among them in the same pro-
portions in which th'y ha I con'ributed? None.
Still less would they be in favor of such a measure,
if they were required to pay some one for collect-
ing and distributing the money. Bnt if the distri-
bution were to be in some different ratio from that
tnwhch'ihe contdbution had been made, then
would it be inevitable that some of tbe parties
mun withdraw more than th°y contributed, and,
consequently, others less. This might commend
the arrangement to the favor or tho>e who were to
be gainer* by the operation; and if it were uncer-
tain which of ihe parties were to be the gainers,
the gambling spirit to which every man is more or
less subject, would probably commend it to the_
favor of all. But, yet the injnstice of the scheme
is apparent to every one; and if the distributor
were authorized to obtain imperceptibly from the
pockets of the twenty-six gentlemen sums of mo-
ney, according to the cost of what each might eaf,
| drink and wear, and jlwn to divide the money
per co. its, would not  the   inequality  oi   the plan
shock a very blunt sense of jus'ici?
3 As to the inexpediency of the distribution ob-
jected to by the resolution, what can any man say
afier the luminous and forcible portraiture made
of its effects, a few days ago, by the S 'nator from
South Carolina? It is a v^s' su'rj-xt, and I will not
overtask myse'f ard the patw nee of the Senate by
going into it. I leave it as left by the Senator from
South Carolina. I will not atte.rpt togid a sun-
beam.
And here, sir, the tuhjjct wculd s'em naturally
to close; but the rrrmory of man runneth not to *
the contrary of the practice on ths floor of mak-
ing every ques'ion of any magnitud' to teir upon
the strife of party rasing in this land. Be it «o:
and if gentlemen will f.>rce thpm upon u«, I, for
one, am net fer «hriiikmg from f-uch ones's. I,
for o„e, have such crntide c in my rolitcal prin-
ciples, as io be willing to see them .-i(t«-d and ets-
nuned at all times and in nil p «res—iy, and to
believe-, too, that thevean bear seme rais,e;'r.M nta-
tion, without endangering greatly ¡heir peiietuiiy.
"Tmlh, crush'd to earth, will liso again—
Th' eternal ytars of Hod .ue here;
But Error, wounded, writhes in pain,
And diesdmid her worshippers."
So may eiroreverpeiih.an!', among o'herertors,
tho«e ot Hanisonian Federal stn.
The great d fficuliy of ihe cause lo which
I belrn:., in our patty snfe;, is the pre-
servaton of our own banner. Ojr adversaries
are ever striving to throw mat'ers into con-
fusion, and, taking advantage of the Unrult, to
rob us of our bann:r, and to thrust theirs jq<o our
unwilling grasp. Our names are sez d upon, and
appropriated to thetcselves, and others fixed up >n
ns, by which our foiefatheis nevi-r baptized us.
Thus t-ccasiocally are our ovyn brethren an 1 kin-
dred, men of the sj.me political ft-m ly, and shar-
ing with us in the common inheritance of sound
faith, made for a time to fight ? gainst us; and mis-
chirf'is peipetra'ed, difficult to repair: for it is not
every man "who knows the true prince by in-
stinct," like tbe fat knight, of face i 'us memory.
I do not know a better service that a man can
do to his country, than to hoW forth, with a siropg
arm, to the public view, the g'orious Democratic
banner, in its unadorned simplicity, with i's plain,
pthy, intell'gible mottoes. The theory of Govern-
ment, which should b« tha plainest thing on earth,
has been ly artifice conveitid iBto a puzz'e-fool,
and its si-nple purprs:s myst.ficd and defeated.
The happiness of man, through its tendencies fo
render him.virtuous, ¡s is sole < ffice, if it ha^ any
woith the trouble and expense tha' it ccsts. Us
systems are various, but they may be reduced .to
two classes that which adJresses the reason of
man, and wi'hholls from him temptatijos to pe
vicious, a d that which seeks to con'rol bir  by bis
selfWh p'sn'ona, his hopes, hi*' fear-> lis e'esbe cf
gain. Very few Governments have been based
upon the former principles—the mass have adopted
the Utter. Perhaps the earliest Arta rudest f.-rm
of Government in which, reason was overlooked,
was that in which r>rie*tcraft usuryed the control
of every thing,' and a god or gods supposed to he
speak'ng through the mouths of men, cheated alike
to individuals and natians.. Th* most.r'gid exac-
tion* were made cf the masses of mankind, anl
4he most grinding oppressions imposed upon them,
that the favored few might enjoy weilth. and ease,
and honor and renown. The treasures of the cof-
fer and of Ihe heart were alike wrung fi am the i' pos-
sessors, that the dominion of their oppressors might
be absolute and unqoes'ioneJ. Exactions were
sometimes carried so far as to demand the fruit,rf
the body to appease imagii ary deities for imagi-
nary sins, and the j roducts of the toil of tniUiont
were surrendered, that a few might luxuriate in
exhaustless abundance, and uninterrupted ea^e.
This ha* been happily styled by the ce'ebraléd
John Taylor, whom f ío much delight to admire
and quote, the age of Jupiter; he among the heathen
gods who wat most imperious and extensive in bis
sway. But his tyranny became so oppreHve, that
mankind could no longer endure it, and bold spi-
rits penetrated his tempi s, and dis;overed and ex-
posed ihe frauds of his priests.
Next came the age of Mars, and heroes, clad
