Feb. 1840._____________
26th Cong...... I st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
Stale Debts—Mr. Strange.
Senate.
in steel, controlled mankind. He is among the
most n« ble of the heathen gods, and has about
bma generosity of character which ditdain> to
trample on the weak and deferceless, and scatters
wuh 'iKe ali'y what he gathers by his power.
Sii'l h" appealed not to the reason of mankind, but
controlled them, through their fears, with the
rustling binner and the bristling steel.
Afer him came Mercury, establishing dominion
by addressing him-elf, through fraud and artifice,
to the cupidity of mankind, or humbling them into
submission by reducing them to poverty. Fma'ly
combma.icns were formed among all these powers
and the science of Government became complex
and mysterious It was supposed thai there was
no oher way of correcting tí e evils, or rather to
render then  to'era^le, incident to thise princ'ples
of Governmen', than to resirt to checks and ba-
lances, and to make the vice s and rasi ns of one
man restrain the vices and passions of another.
When Goveiament became a mystery, it was sup-
posed ih-u it admiited but of three simple forms,
vz: monarchy, aristocracy, and democracy, and
that all Govertinvnts consisted of one or more of
these e'emen's, controlled by one another, or a
combination ot two or three, of the heathen deities,
before mentioned.
Such was ihe state of things in the old world,
tut our sagacous forefaihers saw ire error of
principles on which those Governments were based,
and the battles of our Revolution were fough', that
th* whole heathen Pantheon might be dethroned
with its cumbnus and expensive machinery, and
that Governments might be established in the new
world, formed upon moral principles Tint man
might be ret red to bis native dignity—a self-gc-
verning bein , disenthral ed from the dominion of
pa-sions, an i yielding to th-swajtf letson and
conscience—a reason and onscence on wh'se
tablet  are written, by the finger of God himself, pre-
cious and noble truths, which can never be erased,
but are refreshed by revelation from day to day.
They believed that man retains much of the original
image of his Maker; that someihing of His purity
is enshrined in the breast of woman; that mercy,
that most interesing of His attnbue1, beams
forth from her eye in rays of t ndernes*, or gently
distils in drops of fympaihy. That in the boom of
man His sterner attribtve of justice has a deep
abiding plac- . Such were tie principles upon
which our besot ful system of government, ■were
based. Corruption was excluded by avoiding ac-
cumulations ot power; justice secured by es'ablish-
ing a perfect equality of riahts among men; and
happiness placed within the reach oi all, by < pen-
ing a fair field for virtue, and talent, and industry
to reap their harvest, while vice, and ignoranc,
and stupiditv, and indo'ence, were let to that
corse to wh'ch a righteous Providence has seen fit
to expose them.
Bnt the devil came, as he has ever d«ne
to each eanh'y paradise, disguised as an
angel of light, or in some unob rosive form,
little calculated to excite th  a'arm of those whese
destruction be meditate*. Connate with our Con-
stitution were tho<e who held to the old belief that
honest disinterested reason was an unsafe governor,
and that Jnpiter, Mars, and Mercury—one, or all
three, must be re-tcred—Jvnce an es'abli-bed reli-
gion, standing armies, v?st navies exclos've privi-
lege^ and monopolies, and whole hosts of eleemosy-
nary dependan's upon the labor of others, bad all
their ad vocales In all this we perceive what
constitute the warring elements of party in our
land. But constant a?*ociation, even in strife, will
awmilate men to each oher, and one may gather
moral contagion from another whom he ha'es—
and thus have these partis been consantly vary-
ing in the intensity of their principles, so as even
sometimes to render it doubtful which was which.
The result has been that Jupiter, and Mars, and
Mercury, have all been imperceptibly regaining in
pan their lost empire; and, although disavowed in
our constitution*, have exerted substantial control
in oar public affairs. Of these, as might-Have been
expected from his nature, Mercury has been by far
the most successful. He has not only given tone
to our Governments but has enthroned himself in
rae Hearts of our people, until, instead of increasing
in virtue, and disinterestedness, and patrio ism, an
eager haste to be rich has become our d's'inguish-
ing national eharae'enstic. Hence every indivi-
dual is pu suing r ches as the chirf good, and tno-
my, money, money, currency, currency, currency,
is the coatmual cry in the country, in he ci y, in
private conversation, and in the debates ot this
chamber. To all this the Governments have been
contributing by example, anl ihe stimulus of their
measures, tariff, internal improvemen's by the Ge-
neral Government, lending ievenues for banking
purposes, an J other kindred opera ion.*.
The Sena'or from Kentucky [Mr. Crit-
tenden] has represented the friends of the
Administrat'on as differing among themselves
as to which of these causes have produced
these effects. He will pardon me t\.r sajing
there is no surh difference among mem—the/ all
concur in believing every one of them the offspring
of the same parent, and to have acle 1 harmoni ju4y
in the accomplishment of his des gns. Soma may
suppose one of these causes more efficient than the
rett; others may ha\ e supposed another; but all
aaree that the whole responsibility is to be shared
among th^m; and in what exact proporions it is
not thought very material to inquire.
But what, af er all, is the great evil ihey haveprc-
dacedl Is it any actual diminution of the resources of
the country 1 This, peihaps, ihey have effected to a
great ex'ent; but ibatis li tleoi nothing compared to
the real evils. These are transferring by stratagem
and fraud, trom A to B, the hard earnings of the
latter, not by a regular and slow process, but by the
qu.ck and unseen movements of a mountebank; de-
feat ng that tent'eucy to equi ibiium at which our
institulonsaim; leaving th- one party overwhelmed
in am?ZiBient and distress at a poverty which h?s
rjshed upon him like an armed rran; the o'her
pant ng wi'h that feverish thirst for wealth wheh
sudden success begets—the e'eepest curse of him
wro feels it—resembling in kind and intensity that
of the fabled Tantalus; or wallowing in an osten-
tuious luxury, ?t war with our Republican institu-
t ons—provoking impotent envy tn some; in ethers,
le«s wealthy, ruinous efforts to vie in splendor. In-
dividual and aggregate misery is the irevetable
consequence. A man is fitted, by a gradual in-
crease or reduction ef his means, to bear the
max mum or minimum wi h calmness, whi'e
sudden reverses either way bring in their train
the loss of content, and, wih it, happiness. In
either case, the passi-n of avarice is stirred to )
madness. This is the ¡e\\ curse under which we |
are at present laboring. This is the agony thrcogh
whxh we are passing, of which I speke yes'erday.
A picture, drawn by the hand of an ancient mas-
ter, is not inapplicable to our times. Sallas , in
one of his epistles to Casfar, thus expresses him-
self:
In process of time, the ascendency of wealth became com-
plete. Its excellence was universally acknowledged, and p >wer
and honors followed in Its (ram. From the same era, the de-
cline of virtue may be dated Poverty was now held as igno-
minious. Innocence ot heart and eimp'icity of manners were
interpreted into a satire on the times. Thus the youth, taught
to look up to riches as the sovereign good, became apt pupils in
the school of luxury. Avarice and 'pride supplied their pre-
cepts. Rapacity and profusion went hand in nan I. Careless
of their own fortunes, and eager to possess those of others,
shame and remorse, modes y and moderation, every principle,
gave way. All rUBhed into a profligacy that heeded no re-
stra nt, either divine or Imman.
And why, we are tauntingly asked on the other
side, did we not prevent these evd 1 In turn, 1 wi'l
ask anothf rques'ion: Has not the Democratic party
been striving against them—inefliu'ntly, it i* true,
bat still striving—from time immemorial'? We
read a pirable in Scriptue of a certa;n husband-
man, who fowed good s°ed in his fi>Id; but, while
he slept, an enemy came and sowed tares emong
his wheat. Would it not have been an aggrava-
tion of the wrong, bad that enemy taunted him to
his face, by asking him whv he suffered tares to
grow among h>s wheat"? We are the descendants
of those (politically, I mean) who sowed the good
seed of Democratic princip'es in our constitution ,
and yonder are the descendants of these who
sowed the tares ef Federalism among if; and now
they ask us why w have not prevented their growth.
They point exuling'y to this and that bad measure,
which they have themselves cajoled or forced us in-
to, and laugh at as for not having avoided them, al-
though, like struggling men, in attempting that which
we wou'd, we have been lorced to do ¡hat which
we would net. The Siate bank d<.p si'e system,
they know well, we were pressel into by them in
our effbits to essape (rom the more dangerous sys-
tem of the Uhnel States Bank. It was to us a
half-way house, as they have endeavored since to
make it for them«e¡ves, between a United States
Bank and a total disconnection of the Gjvern nent
from banking affairs.
But they ask us farther why we do Lot correct
these evils, no v that we are ful.'y aware of the r ex-
istence. Maik again the insul'ms cruelty of ihi  in-
quiry. They tind a man's hands behind his back,
and cist him into the water, and ask him to swim.
Have we not been endeavoring to remedy these
evils, and have we not encountered from them con-
tinual res,stance? Yet iha evils admit of no im-
mediate remedy. Tne po son of .i. anee has
seized on the h art of the nation, and t.i<U is a mi-
lady which ad mi's cf no rad cal cure during the
pnsjntgen'raiioti. Of hun in wiiose bi-yntn the ser-
pent avarice has fixed i s envenomed tooth, it ra, y
with truth be said, as I*tgo said of Othello:
"N Jt poppy—nsr mam'ragoia.
N >r all the dnwsy sympi of  he world
Cm ever med'cine thee to tint ¡>w.et sleep
Wliichitiouow'ilst jesterdai, ''
Yet, in talking of remedies, th^y al*ajs indicate to
us s-jch as cons st with their mistaken notions of
the d.s°asr, and are for ad niipsteiiig tbosj which
must inevuahly aggravate its .\\ur, torn*. Still
there is some hing we can d"— oineihmg we have
done, and son e>hni!*, I trust in God, we wilt
yet do, if tiut to heal the disets?, at le.iit to pie-
vent its spread. We may biani, Ilk*1 Meses, between
th"! living and the dead, and p event its extending to
those who ar • yet h>a t y. And if we cannot hinder
its extend ig í.S" f ihroueh tie while living ma's,
we may prevrni its ¡ran-mis ion lo posteiity. This
can only b; done by successfully resisting the mad
schemes of iht-ss who ar' c >ntiaually administering
fresh poison in the form of hisih tariff—United
Sla'es Bank—connecting the Government with
batiks—distribuir;  revenu.' among ihe State-,—
as-uming Srate d^-b s, &c. This is all we need do.
Let u<5 p'iform <ur constitutional duty of lurnish-
ing the nation Mandards of weight" and measures,
and of the value of properly; and fre d frtm all
distraciing influences ft«m o¿rse!ve-, die fctates
will be as certain to ab de by nil the*, as that
flowers succeed'he vh «wets of lp,i g. You Ime
no right to say to thj S a'es that they .'haü kce¿)
their accounts in dollars and cents; that they shall
measure eloth with a* yardstick, or their coin by
the bushel, or weigh tSeir bacon It y the pound; but
it is your duty to ftrniih them with stanr'ards, by
which value weights and mea ures may be
tested. You should perform this cut}*, an I having
performed it, ask for no more power m relation to
these subjects. You have all that is nee ful for
liberty, and mt re can only be desired by tyranny.
The banking institution*, debt- , and inter al im-
provements of the States, will soon be brought
within wholesome limit-, if you will only Jet tbtrn
alcne. A bad currency is a cur-e to tie c mmu-
nity in which it exists, and the Siate L«gislatuie
will scon be forced, by a cemmuntty «hich feels
the smart, to apply the p'eper correctives; and
Slates having no ie?'urces l.sit those derived from
direct taxa'ion, to pay e'ebts and carry on works of
internat improvements, will become very chary in
contracting the cue, and quite prudent in conduct- '
ing the oth?r.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
tauntingly reminds us that the present Administra-
tion, on coming into power, found the nation in a
h'gh state of prosperity; but the Sena'or well knows
it was a deceptive prosperity; it was that state of
pleasant delirium wh ch some poisons produce. Tb 
raging madness had not then disclo-ed iue'f; le-
thargic prostration had not supervened-
The Senator from Kentucky LMx. Crwtbndmí]
presems, n glowing colors, the oft-drawn pictuie
of the prosperity for which we are ledsbted to the
credit system. Our numeróos steamboat?, canals,
railmac1*, villages, and fast «ulnplviria: Statea,
are all attributed to this credit system. In this ar-
gument the Senator, I think, fulls m«o t*o falla-
cies; one, in attributing tco ranch to the credit sjt-
tem and anothor, in assuming that the fhends of
