236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
26th Cong*«"1st Sbss.
the Administration are warring upon it. I will
not say that the credit system has no share in the
production of these great results, but I do say that
they are mainly to be ascribed to the great national
advantages which Heaven has vouchsafed our
country—to that elastic spring which exists among
the inhabitants of. all new countries, but chiefly to
our glorious free constitutions, founded on moral
principles, to which men have flocked in crowds
from other lands. To the credit system, I, for one,
am ne enemy; but I am for leaving it to the States,
to be fashioned according to their fancy, and I am
well sa isfied that they will not much abu<e it. I am
for withdrawing, at once and forever, our awkward
intermeddling with it. "With us it is like bladders
in the hands of boys—at one time we blow it up to
its highest tension, and at another explode it with
a great noise. Let us cease from this foolish and
frivolous, not to say dangerous, employment. And
in addition to this, let us cease by our vicious ex-
amples to perpetuate the false notions prevalent in
the country, that show and wealth and pomp are
the only elements of happiness, and that virtue and
talents are worthless, except so far as they contri-
bute to these. Let us, on the contrary, present
abiding examples of economy and republican sim-
plicity.
These, Mr. President, are my remedies, and
I do not think it would be saying much for
them merely to declare that they are far preferable
to the one to whch the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittenden] looks with such ecstatic devo-
tion. I do not think this the proper place for dis-
cussing the merits of Presidential candidates; but
are we to at here from day to day and hear the
President of the United Sutes denounced on the
other side of this chamber as ut'erly unfit for the
station he fills, and other men " applauded to the
very echo," as endowed with every quality which
can fit a man to govern, and admit, by our silence,
the truth of all that is alleged 1 As an American
statesman—as a lover of my country, I feel that it
is wrong, and that it is my solemn duty to put in a
counter plea.
The Gheber looks to the East for his God, but
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
looks to the West, and, as mght be expected, his
eye encounters a setting and nota rising luminary.
Not a giant rising in his strength, and rejoicing to
run bis course, but a being worn out and ex-
hausted, unfitted for action, and suited only for re-
pose. And what is still more unfortunate, even
this setting luminary is sunpunded by no halo of
glory, but, like the moon, described by Moore in
his song, weeping "behind a cloud"—(I will not
say "lor the maiden's shame," because that might
be supposed to have a sinister allusion, but) for
shame that while a portion of bis countrymen are
lauding him to the skies as a sage, a hero, and a
statesman, he is compelled to remember the old
proverb, "Praise undeserved is censure in disguise."
Reposing on his own estate, (not in a log cabin, as
some have pretended, but in a splendid mansion,
as I am told,) perfecily unconscious of any merit,
his friends insist upon dragging him forth to dis-
solve, by his presence, the fanciful conceptions of
his great qualities which they have conjured up in
the pubic mind. There was a time when some of
the leaders of the party who are now seeking to
make political capital ont of military fame, de-
c'ared that the election of a military chieftain to
the Presidency of the United States was the greatest
curse that could fall upon the nation. Why have
they now selected a military chieftain for their
political leader? Is it because they believe
what has been said of him, that "he is
Dot general enough to- hurt him?" Why,
theB, present him in the glare of military glory?
Is it to dazzle the people as moths are said to be
by the brightness of a candle?
But more in sorrow than in reproach, do I declare
bis miliary renown to be like the tinsel glitter of
dresses at a theatre, got up for show, and for the
occasion, which will not bear the light of day, or the
scrutiny of examination. Ala ! where shall we look
far the evidences of the sagacity and heroism of
William Henry Harrison? Are they to be sought
for in that page of history which records the battle
of Tippecanoe?    Are they to be found in his
State Debts—Mr. Strange.
surprise and agitation, when Joe Davis carried the
white banner j not very high, it is true, nor yet as
a flag of truce, but by necessity, and fought under
t, or rather over it, with desperate valor, snatch-
U5 in death a victory which had bren thuist into
the hands of the enemy by the want of skill (to
use no harsher term term) of his chief? Are they
to be found in the story of his consigning to the
slaughter the chivalrous Croghan, with his handful
of men, while the General himself, within sound of
the well directed and effective fire of Fort
Stephenson, stood with some thousands of sU ut
Americans at his back, wringing his hands, and
crying out "his bloed be upon his own  head?"
Ate they registered in the page which tells of the ¡
battle of the Thames, where he reluctantly
pursued a retreating foe, while bolder spirits,
among whom you, sir, stand nobly conspicuous,
pressed forward, and gathered wounds and laurels, |
dripping with the same blood? Are they to be j
found in the tragic story of the river Raisin? Are
1 they found in his resigning his command in May,
Í814, amid the very heat of the war, upon the ac-
knowledged ground that detraction had breathed upon
| his name, and he net choosing to court an inquiry !
into the truth of the imputations? Are they fur-
nished by the deliberate rejejiion of his name,
when his country was bestowing the meed of ap-
probation upon some of her sons who had earned
it by deeds of valor? If these are his jewels, they
I are as worthless as the black diamond to the lapi-
dary. Deeds like these shine like daik lightning.
They will resound through the earth like silent
thunder.
But the military fame of this new Messiah, who
¡ is "to bring peace upon the earth," is a mere make
weight. It is as a skilful diplomatist, a profound
politician, that he is to commend himself to the
hearts of the people, aud win from them the oaken
chaplet on which so many look with a longing
eye. As to his diplomacy, I have heard of but
ene opportunity afforded him for its display, and
then I have learned that h;gh authority pronounced
him, in advance, utterly unfit for the station to
which he was assigned, and that, in the event, he
managed so dexterously as to have himself rebuked
as an officious intei meddler with matters that did
not concern him.
But   as    the   great   physic'an,   who   is   to
i   " psrge the general weal," what may we con-
j jectnre will be bis probable practice?   Homeopa-
| thic, so far as administering the same drugs which
I  have a tendency to produce the disease will make
I him so, but altogether wanting in the prudence of
1  that practice, so far as the amount of the doses is
I concerned.   As a black-cockade Federalist of the
old stamp, he will, of course, oppose every thing
approved by the Democratic parly, and will deal
largely in Federal nostrums, and must of course
be very popular wiih the Northern and Western
Democracy.   As a juvenile member of an Aboli-
tion society, he will, in his old age, be particularly
acceptable to Southern slaveholders, and more es-
pecially as he has avowed, in advance, his appro-
bation ef the benevolent design  of converting the
public domain into negroes, that an American sun
may not shine upon a single slave. As the advocate
of a tariff, which was not to be relaxed "until grass
should grow in the streets of Norfolk and Charleston,"
he will doubtless  prove a great favorite with the
j   Southern people in general,   and especially  the
I   Nullifiers.   But not to be tedious, I will urge his
I   political excellences no farther than merely to add,
I   that as the advocate for selling free white men,
i   who cannot pay cost?, out of jail as bond servants,
he is likely to be a Magnus Apollo—^Ewulapius,
if you please—all over the country with the "huge
paws," as the laboring  men of the nation have
j   been contemptuously called by that party whose
i   hopes ol success rest upon a false estimate of their
worth and gocd sense..                                            i
I have too much confidence in the people of ,
these United States, to few an elevation to the ,
Presidency of such a man as this. They cannot i
prefer him to the presint talented incumbent, who !
has wisely studied and eloquently described the
disease preying on the health of the country, and who
will give it none of the dangerous prescriptions
it would be doomed to take from the band of his
Senate.
rival. Like every wise physician, he has much
confidence in the vis medicatrix natura—the (medi-
cal power of nature, doubling at the same time
whether diseases are often cured by men "who
pour drugs, of which they know little, into sto-
machs of which they know nothing." He believes
that nature needs but little assistance; and that, if
not disconcerted by officious intermeddling, her
works are commonly performed safely and effica-
ciously. Attempts may be made, and doubtless
will be made, to deceive the people into the belief
that there is no material difference in the political
opinions of the two rivals. The people will easily
detect the fraud, for an unerring index is furnished
in the fact that the ardent and leading advocates ef
the one have ever been the ceaseless opponents and
traducers of the other.
It is not the first time I have heard the shout of
triumph from the Federal camp ou the eve of a bat-
tle. I thank God I have seldom heard it after it
was over. Did not the Federalists shout lustily in
advance, their lungs would suffer for want of exer-
cise. I scarcely know whether to attribute this
premature boasting on their part to that blind con-
fidence and enthusiasm so natural to an assailant,
or to political cunning, in which they are so well
versed, calculating thereby to confirm the timid of
their own party, to induce the same class of ours to
unite with them, and to decide in their favor the le-
gions of the wavering. To this latter opinion I
rather incline; but having so often failed in obtain-
ing by it success, I would advise them to lay it
aside, and adopt some other expedient.
And now, having undertaken to advise my Fe-
deral friends, I would warn them against another
practice which, I verily believe, has often contri-
buted to their defeat. I mean their custom of
giving great political feasts with the hope of mak-
ing a strong impression, and convincing men of the
justice of their cause by tickling their palates and
addling their brains. The practice springs out of
their great radical mistake that man is more of an
animal than an intellectual being. But upon their
own basis they miscalculate. It is never the mass
of voters who are invited to these feasts; it is the
elite of the party, the favored few, and, as a matter
of course, no ene of opposing politics is there.
What is the consequence? There is no fellowship
between the ins and the outs. The mass of ihe
people finding themselves excluded, together with
the leading men of the Democratic party, cannot
fail to perceive that a common destiny has visited
both, and they are naturally drawn into association
with those who have been excluded like them, and
not with those who have been revelling in pleasure*
in which they have not been invited to parti*
cipate.
But lest I may be casting pearls—I will not say
before swine—lest I may be casting away good
counsel upon those by whom it will not be justly
valued, I will close my didactic strain.
A few words, in conclusion, to the people of my
own State. The Presidential strife is not the only
one going on at present. One is now raging in
North Carolina in which my colleague and myself
have a deep interest. At the last session of Congress,
we presented on this floor resolutions containing
the opinions of the Legislature of that State, of
popular sentiment upon certain great leading ques-
tions. We then declined assuming for the Legisla-
ture a responsibility which, according to our un-
derstanding of the Democratic doctrine of in-
struction, (a doctrine which we received with im-
plicit faith,) properly rested upon it. We took
issue with the Legislature, as we had a right to do
on its expressed opinion of popular sentiment; and
to enable all parties to have the issue tried, and at
the same time to put ourselves and our political
principles fairly before the people of North Caro-
lina, we avowed our determination to resign our
commissions into the hands of the next Legisla-
ture, whatever political party might prove to be in
the ascendant. That we may not be supposed to
have forgotten the pledge, or to repent having
made i?, I now solemnly renew it. I hold my seat
in this body but as a trust from the people of my
State. As their wish that I should hold it has
bees questioned, to them I refer for tha solution of
the doubt.   All I ask is, that they will have the
