SS8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
940
26th Co^o.......1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Crwy.
H of Reps.
possible mat C I. Randolph's (not arriving in tune to move
with the «tiny) mty alw be there T'us does in . e^ eed 350.
jfcArtlmr*  brigade added to these, will make a torce entirely
ceropeiem to our object J'o bring the bnaade down the lake,
you must have the aid ot the fl-ct, which will be readily given
by CtfOimo<k>ro Chauncey. The officers of the several cm pa
comprising your division, as well as those at Fort George as
those at Detroit, (net necessary to the command of the troops
now in the field,) should be immediately detached on the ie-
emit nj service. I need not further mvi fee your attentien to a
■abject so important to the early and successiul opeumg of ihe
next campaign and to the extent and character ol your paru-
cular command "
Otneritl lían ¡son to the Sect etary of War —Head Quarters,
Xetrark, Arov lo, 1813.
"Commodore Chauncey, with the fleot arrived hero yester-
day, and informed me that he was ready to receive the tioops,
and carry them down the lake, and that the season was so tar
advanced (rendering the navigation dangerous to the smaller
vessels) it Was desirable they should be embarked as expedi-
tiously as possible.
"As a very small part of ihe militia and volunteers had ar-
rived, and the situation of Sackett's Harbor appearing to re
quire immediate reinforcement, I did not think proper to take
upon mysell me rcspons bilily ol postponing the departure of
the troops tor the lower part of the lake, conformably to the
directions contained in your It iter of the 3d instant. Tae in-
formation I received jfstcrdiy, from two respectable citizens
that were taken near to Fort Meigs in June last, and who made
their escai e in an ppen boat Irom Burlington, confiimsmein
the propriety of tend-ng thtmoff These men state that tiie
British troop  tcere[hurrying to Kingston fiom York
a*far as possible—theregulars&oingdownin boats, and militia
bringing the latter back
''Our troops are now all embarked, and are under the com-
mand of Col. Smi.h, who is an officer in whose capacity and
bravery the ereatest reliance may be placed I shall set out
this evening for the seat of Government, and have the honor to
be, with the highest consideration," 4rc.
Sume to the same—Head Quarters, Cincinnati, May 11,
1813.
"I have the honor, through you, to request the President to
accept my resignation of the appointment of Major General in
the army, with which he was pleased to honor me. Lest the
public service should suffer be/ore a successor can be nomi-
nated, I shall continue te act until the 31st instant, by which
time I hope to be relieved.
"Having some reason to believe that the most malicious in-
sinuations have been made against me at Washington, u «as
my m'e ition to have requested an inquiry into my conduct
from ihe commencement of my comraauJ. Further inflection
has, however, determined me to decline the application, be- i
cause, from the proud consciousness of having palpably done
my du'y, I cannot be leve that it is necessary, either lor the
■ itisfaction of the Government or the people, that 1 «huuld pay
so much respect to the suggesting ol malice and envy "
Tae prece ing diwumema establ 6hed the following facts:
1st That the General, when aiming at Eue, was not from
enmity or envy ordered to repair to Orno, or otherwise pre-
vented from giving his servicer to the aimy then on the Niagara,
as asserted by his biographer.
2J. That, on the contrary, he was, without delay, put in
Command of the army, and assigned to a service which, had it
been performed, would havejustly entitled hin to another
wreath of laurel.
3d. That, by asecond order from the Secretary, he brought
down McArthur's brigade to reinforce the garrison at Sackett's
Harbor—an order entirely approved and speej.ly executed by
the General.
4th. That, on the 11th of May, six months after leaving
Sackett's Harbor, he resigned the command of the district, and
quitted the army—not, as his biographer asserts, because den ed
the privilege of serving he Government, and therefore ashamed
to eat his bread, but, as he himself says, because he had some
reason tn believe that nulicious insinuations to his disadvan-
tage had been made at Washington.
JOHN ARMSTRONG.
February, 1810.
As to the refusal of his ecu ..try to bestow on him
a mark of approval.
In the tenth volume of N.les's Register, page 125, we read
the following as a pan of the proceeding in the United States
Senate, to wit.
"The Sena'e resumed the consideration of the j'oint resolution
directing medals to be struck, and, together with the thanks of
Congress, presented to Mdjor General Harrison and Governor
Shelby, and fo other puiposci After some discussion, Mr.
Laeeck moved to amend the resolut on, by striking iherefrem
Major General Harrison. This motion was determined in the
affirmative, dy ihe following vote'
Vbas—Mesáis Gilliard, Gore. Hunter, King, Lacosk,
Hason, Roberts, Thompstn, Tait, Jackson, Turner, and Var
num—12
Nats—Mepirs. Barber, Bany, Condit, Horsey, Macon, Mor-
row, Rúgales, Talbo", Welle, and Williams—10
In the 10th volume ol Niles's Register, on the 414th page, is a
letter over General Harrison's own rtgnature, dated July 16,
1816. from wh eh the following is an extract:
"A vete of ihe Senate of the United States has attarhed to my
name a disgrac, which I am cnvinced no time or efforts of
mine will ever be able to efface 1 heir cen*ure is, indeed, nega-
tive; but it is sot on that account the less severe "
Aboltion—In 1822, he wrote as fellows:
"TO THE PUBLIC.
"Fbllow citizsns: Being called suddenly home to attend
jny sick tamily, I have but a moment to answer a few of the
calumnies which are in cuculation concerning me 1 am ac-
cused of bein; friendly to slavery. From my earliest youth to
the present m'men11 have been the ardent friend of human
liberty. At the age of eighteen I became a member of an
Abolition socisTY, established at Richmond; the object of
which was to .tmelierate the condition of the slaves, and pro-
cure their freedom by every legal means. My venerable friend
Judge Catch, of Clernumt county, was also a member of this
society, and has lately given me a certificate that I was one
The Miration* which I then came under I haw faithfully
r J                              "WM. HINRY HARRWON."
In 1833, General Harrison delivered a Fouith of
Jul> Oiation at Chevbt, Ohio, m which he made
the following decía ation:
Should I be asked if there be no way by which the Geneial
Government can aid the cause of emancipation, I answer, that
it has long been an oli)eCt near my heai t to see the whole of the
surplus uational revenue appropuated to that object. With the
sanction ol the States holding slaves, there appears lo me no
constitutionalobjicuoiito us beingihu* applied, embracing not
only the colonization of those that may be otherwise fieed, but
the purchase ol the freedom of others, llyaz-alous prosecu-
tion ol a plan formed upon this b isi«, we might look-forward to
a dav, not lar distant, when a Njrth American sun would not
look down upen a «lave.
U^on t ie subject of selling out fiea white men, I
have tn my pes e*i-n one ef the pmttd joarEals
of the Senate of Ohio for the y ear 1820, Irom which
the following is a true extract:
Extract from the journal of the Senate of Ohio, Tuesday,
January 30, 1S21
TV Senate met pursuant to adjournment
The ctnate then, arcordmg to tl.e order of the day, resolved
t8elf into a Committee ef the Whole upon "the bilí from the
House entiil-d an act for the punishment ol certain i ffencss
therein named." and alter some time spent theie u, tne
Speaker, Allen Trimble, resumed the chair
Mr Fnhian then moved to strike out the 18 h section of said
bill, «is fallows:
Be it farther enacted, That when any person shall be im
pri-oned either upon execution or otherwise, lor the non paj -
meui ol a fine or costs, or boih, it shall be lawful for the sheriff
ol the county to SELL OUT SUCH PER-ON AS A SER-
VANT, to any person within this State, who will fay the whole
amount due, lor the shortest period of service, of which sale
public notice shall be given at least ten days, and upon such
sale being effected, the sheriff shall give the purchaser a
certificate thereol, and deliver over the prisoner to htm,
from which time the relatii n between such purchaser and
the prisoner shall be that of MASTER AND SERVaIST, until
the time of service expires; and for injuries done by either, re-
medy shall be had in the same manner, as is, or may be pro
vided by law m the case of master and apprentice. But nothing
herein contained shall be construed to prevent persons being
discharged from imprisonment according to the provision of the
37th section of the act to which this is supplementary, it it shall
be considered expedient to grant such discharge Provided that
the court, in pronouncing upon any person convicted under this
act, or the act to which this is snppleinentary; may direct such
person or persons to he detained in prison until the fine be paid,
or the person or persons otherwise disposed of agreeably lo the
provisions of this act
And the yeas and nays being required, those who voted in the
affirmative were, Messrs. Beasiy, Brown, Fithian,Gass, Heaton,
Jennings, Lucas, Mathews, M'Laughlin, M'Milton, Newcom,
Robb, Russell, Scofield, Shelby, Spenser, Stone, Sweanngton,
Thomson, and Wemeldorf— 211
And those who voted in the negative were. Messrs Baldwin,
Cole, Foos, Foster, WM H HARRISON, M'Lean, Oswall, Pol-
lock, Ruggles, Roberts, Wheeler, and Speaker—13.
REMARKS OF MR. CRARY,
OF MICHIGAN,
In Ihe Howe of Representativa, Friday, February 14,
1840—The order of Ihe day bfirlg the motion of
Mr. Cask? lo refer the memonaljof the National
Read Convention, held atTerre Haute, ládiana,
to the Committee of Ways and ¡Means/with in-
structions to import a bill app o/riaiinjf $150,000
in each of the St-ites of Ohio/lndiafta, and Illi-
nois, to be expended on ih? jCurufoetlatid toad,
and the substiiute of Mr. Pj/fcuij/s for said in-
structions, as follows:
"And that the memorial be commijtffl to the Committee of
Ways and Means, with instructions toTonstder the expediency
of reporting a bill in favor ol the measure "
And Mr. Marvin's amendment to the original
proposition, and subi-t tute for Mr. Pickens's
ampndment, as follows:
"And that the Committee of Ways and Means be instructsd
to report bills in accordance with the estimates contained in
the reports from the Chief Engineer, and the Chief of the Topo-
graphical Engineers, to the Secretary of War, and communica-
ted to Congress by the President, making appropriations for the
year 1840, for the continuation of the construction or improve-
ments of harbors and roads, and the navigatien of rivers, for
which appropriations have been heit-tofore made."
Mr. CKARY «poke as follows:
Mr. Speaker: I am aware that it has
become a common custom to examine nearly
all questions that come before us, with re-
ference to ccnu tu ional considerations. It is
net to be supposed, however, that the most
rigid constructionist will call in qu-stion ihe power
of ihe House to give efficiency to the amendment
offeied by the gentleman from New York, [V'r.
Marvin J The General Government has juri-dic-
tion over most uf the navigable rivers in the coun-
try, and especially over those leading into the Mis-
sissippi and the St. Lawrence. The ordinance of
1787, for ihe government of the territory northwest
of the Ohio, provtdes that "ihe navigable waters
leading into the Mississippi and the St. Lawrence
and ihe rairying places between the same, shall be
eomm   high way • and forever free, as well to the
lnhabi ant.-, of the said territory as lo the citizens of
tne Unit d Sia'esand those of any other State that
may te admitted inti the Confederacy, uithoul tax,
impost, er duty iheiejlr.." By ih s clause of ire or-
dinance, these waters are the common highway^ of
the w hole Um n. Tne Unued Sia cv have the jn-
risdict on over ihem. ard hare ihe is;ht l> improve
their navijz.Vion. This improvement cannct be
mad.  by the Siatts, if by &uch ltrpro/ement those
waters arv deprived if .heir ch ricter ot "common
hi¿h>cay, "
The only qu t.tirn, then, Mr. Sj-eaker, for our
conwde'ai.on. is, w-.e h r these imp ovem n's are
necessary, ai.d aipp pna'ions at th  pre eat t me
expedient I am aware that the 'y>tem ha?
been charged with number.e-s abuses. If
these exfit, they should be corrected. But
until they are pointed out, I am dispo^el to
vete the appp'pnations, be levmg them leces-
sar^ lo gtve profeclion to the nth and mcreaj.
ingcommerte of the We^t. Muth of the ery of
extravagance is without L uoda inn. The ex-
penlnurfb have índtel, in the majonty of cases,
exceeded the estimates; tut it is to be recollected
that the estimates were made nh'-n la^or and the
products of labor were compira1 ively at a low
price. A work estimated at #100,0.10 dollars in
1830 cost nearly double that amount in 1836, by
reason of the great r^e in prices, and the universal
demand for labor. Many of tie works have been
made more permanent ihan wai orgmally con'em-
plated. Instead of piers of wo d that mu^t soon
decay by the zction of the element.*, ihey have
been built of stone, which t ften had to be trans-
ported from a distance. But the g eatest cause of
the^excess of the expenditures over the estimates,
is traceable to the acii. n of ih s body. Dur-
ing our long sessions, we have ten in
the habit ot delaying ihe appropnaions to so
late a period in the feason that contacts fir labor
and materials could not be made to advantage It
often happened that works were suspended for s'x
months in the year, awaiting the tardy and uncer-
tain adion of Cong'ess; and were then recom-
menced in the mi 1st of the summer months. This
left on'y about three rr.onths for active operations,
two of these ihe most unhealthy of the year, and
the other a month of s'orms ana tempests. Under
such a system of appropriations, there must be
was'e and extravagance—but the fault was with
the makers of the laws and not with those who ex-
ecu'ed ihem.
The expenditures for harbor improvements on
Lakes Erie and Michigan amounts to about
$1,500,000, and there has been constructed six-
teen harbors into which vessels can run wi'h
sifeiy, and Iwo others are nearly completed.
When, in 1827, the first harbor improvement on
L\ke Erie was authorized, ihere was upon that
lake 4 453 tons of shipping. The steamboat and
shipping tonnage on the 30th September, 1838,
amounted to 36,385 ton^. By a statement ef the
collect .r at Mackinaw, made in 1838, it appears
that nearly 57,000 tons of shipping entered that
port between the 14ih of April and 25th of Sep-
tember of that year. This amount of tonnage is
employed in the Lake Michigan trade, where a
vessel rften runi two hundred miles in a storm be-
fore ske can find a harbor.
The gentleman from New York, last npoa
the floor, [Mr. Barnard,] stated that tb*
commerce on these lakes now exceeded 100,000
tons monthly. Allowing e ght months of naviga-
tion annually, and it would, lor that period, exce«d
800,000 tons—equal to half the tonnage of the At-
lantic Siat-s. Nearly on™ moiety of the Atlantic
tonnage is registered and employed in the foreign
trade. The vessels are fine 1 out for d'itant voy-
ages, and after leaving port, are not exposed to the
d irtgeis of our own coa^t. On the lakes they were
exp sed daily and hourly, for they were cons-tantly
in sight of the shore, and liab'e to be driven up^u
it in every unfavorable gale.
It has been by means of the harbor improve-
ments on the lakes that the whole of the public do-
main in the Nerthwejt has been brought into mar-
ket. When this sys em was commenced, the Stat 
that I have the honor to represent was supposed W
be it bleak and barrea wilderness—" ft countrr «f
