á4Ó
AtoEíílttX TO TOÉ CONGRESSIONAL GtOfcfe.
fob. 1841).
26th Cons."«1st Scss.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Crary.
H, of Reps.
Miscellaneous,
10,000
In Illinois.—Special,
Pensions,
Army, . .
Miscellaneous,
$221,000
140,000
18,000
10,000
10,000

$178,000
Computing the population of the Union, for that
year, V 15,000,000, and that of these States at
2,200,000, and there was paid into your Treasury,
by these States, for customs, the sum of $2,378,193,
being $1,267,193 more, for customs alone, than
was expended in those States. In the same year
there was paid into the Treasury from those States,
for the sale of public lands, the sun of $1,346,989.
Admitting that those States paid bat one-half of the
amount received for public lands within their borders,
and they paid into your Treasury, for cus'oms and
lands alone,the sum of $3,051,687, being $1,940,587
more than was expended in those States. But the
whole expenditure for the Union amounted to
$24,601,982, which would give to those States the
sum of $3,608,290, whereas they received but the
sum of $1,111,000. So much for the receipts and
expenditures for the year 1334, and their operation
upon the Sutes of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
We come now to the year 1839, when the popu-
lation of the Union may be estimated at 17,000,000,
and that of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan,
at 3,000,000. During the past year there were no
special expenditures in either of these States, so
that the whole of the appropriations resulting im-
mediately to the benefit of these States could not
exceed $1,000,000. The whole of the appropria-
tions of the Government amounted to $37,217,812,
which, if paid equally by all our population, would
five to these four States, as their propor-
tion, the sum of $6,567,849. In other words, they
!>aid into your Treasury $6,567,849, and received
rom the same $1,000,000. But as this calculation
nay be objected to on account of the receipts from
oth ?r sources than lands and customs, my remarks
will he confined to the two latter. For the first
three quarters of 1839, the receipts from customs
were $18,328,392, at.d for the last quar'er they
may be estimated at not less than $2,500,000, g.v-
ingthe sum of $20,828,393 for the year. Of this
sum the S ates of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Mi-
chigan, must pay $3,675,600. There has been
eolected in these States for public lands, du-
rin? three quarters of the year, the sum of
$3,234,265; and supposing one half this sum
to be paid by citizens if thee States,
and there has been taken from their pockes, for
lands during three qua- ters of the year, and for cus- (
tjms during the whole year, the sum of $4,792,732,
and direc ]y returned te them, in the form of appro-
priation , the sum oí $1,000,000. Add this heavy j
balance to the interest which those States are pay-
ing to Europe on State indebtedness, and we have
a sufficient cause for the derangement of their cur-
rency; for the low price of alt the products of labor
and for the general pecuniary distress which per-
vades that whole section of country. Without a
national debt, these States are p'aced in the si ua-
tion that the South and West were in 1820. when
Mr. Crawford, is a report to the House of R pre-
s ntaiives, on banks and currency, said:
In the West and in the South, the complaints of a deficient
Currency have been most distinctly heard    In the latter, these
complaints are of recent date    In both, they proceed in a
greater degree from the disbursement of the public revenue,
than frooijany other cause.   The great mass of public expendi-
ture is made to the east of this city.   The revenue accruing
from imports, though principally collected in the Middle and
Eastern States, is paid by the great mass of consumers through-
out the United States.   That which is paid for the public lands,
although in some degree drawn from every part of the Union,
is principally paid by the citizens of the West and the Sonth
The greatest part of the revenue accruing from the public
lands, as well as that collected in the Southern States upon im-
posts, has been transferred to the Middle ami Eastern Slates to
bo expended     The necessity of making this transfer, arises
from the circumstance that the great mass of the public debt is
held in those States, or by foreigners, whose agents reside in
them; and from the establishments of dock yan<s and naval sta-
tions in.their principal porra    This transfer will continue to be
necessary until the public debt shall be extinguished, and until
the other expenditures of the Government can, consistenly wiih
the pubUe interest, be more equally distributed.
Notwithstanding this sectional inequality in the
appropriations, I am disposed, Mr. Speaker, to
vote liberal supplies for the defences of the coun-
try, for the support of the army and navy, and the
public works. Will the Atlantic States be actuated
by a similar liberality? When the West brings
forward objects for which expenditures are expe-
dient, will those States give to them a consideration
commensurate to their importance? Unless this is
done, the Union will be, to the West, of little ad-
vantage. If that section is to be dives ed of in cir-
culating medium from year to year, without any
adequate return, it does not require the spirit of di-
vination to foresee the consequences. There is
glory in belong ng to the Union; there is a feeling
of pride ia its associations. But all these may pass
away, by the infliction of burdens grievous to be
borne, by forcing one section to become hewers of
wood and drawers of water, in support of a Go-
vernment established "to provide for the common
defence, and promote the general welfare." Sir,
this is not spoken in a fault-finding spirit. I am
not to be thus understood. But it is to be borne in
mind that the West has contributed more than its
full share to the funds of the Treasury; and in ask-
ing that a portion of thess fundi be returned to
them, and expended on constitutional objects, they
are governed by a sense of justice, and a desire for
"a more perfect union."
It seems to be my misfortune, Mr. Speaker, to
come from a State that gentlemen are in the habt
of taking for illustration. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Hubbard] has gone to Michigan to
find materials for a speech, which materials could
have been furnished from his own State. Here-
after he had better look at home, before going
abroad to find fault with his neighbors. It has not
been my habit to bring up and arraign the internal
affairs of my own or any other State. Whatever
the condition of politics in my own State, whether
power be in the hands of Whigs or Democrats, it
is my wish at all times to be the defender of her
rights, and to promote her best interests. The
movements of my po'mcal opponent* at home will
never be alluded to by me unless they are a legi-
timate subject for our consideration. If the
time of the House is to be devoted to the party
contentions of the States, we shall find ourselves
upon an illimitable ocean, without helm or com-
pass.
Mr. Speaker, I will take the liberty to assure
the gentleman frem Alabama that all the expendi-
tures in Michigan have been confined to constitu-
tional objects. All the roads were made when
Michigan was a Territory. Most of them were
military roads, ard all of them have resulted
to the great benefit of the United States. The
road from Detroit to Fort Gratiot was a
military road. That from Detroit to Chicago
was of ihe same character; and also, that from
Detroit to Sagar.aw. The latter road ought to be
completed to Mackinaw. There is no way of
reaching that post at present, but by Lake Huron;
and yet it is-the Gibraltar of Lake Michigan;
and in the event of war, if well fortified and de-
fended, will give security to the whole of Western
Michigan, Northern Indiana, and Illinois, and
Eastern Wisconsin. Is such a road unconstitu-
tional? If so, all roads for military purposes are
unconstitut onal; for there is not a road in the
Union of moie importance for protection and de-
fence. There are other roads in Michigan to
which the gentleman ha* alluded. Some ot them
were constructed for military purposes, and others
for the purpose of bringing the publ c lands into
market, and giving them the value affixed by law.
An impression seems to have gone abroad that
large sums of money have been expended in
M chig^in for internal improvements. The gen-
t'eman from Alabama has alluded to some 800
miles «f road in that State, and to numerous har-
bor improvement', and intimated that all this had
been done in a State that was a wilderness. We
are not entirely a wilderness, as will be demon-
strated on this floor after the next census, and as
has already been demonstrated by fie returns to
your Treasury, from the sales of th« pabl c lands.
From that State alone you have put into your
Treasury $8,490,163, from   1833 to September,
1839, and $10,774,034,  since your   lands were
first brought into market.
We have also, in common with the rest of the
Union, paid our proportion of the revenue derived
from the customs. And what have been the returns
in the form of expenditures for legitimate objects
of improvement? With a peninsular coast
of seven hundred miles, there has been ex-
pended, to 1837, for internal improvement, $296,-
713. Let us now examine tfce account with Ala-
bama. For internal improvement there is put
down to that State $198,950, and for fonfications
$1,358,764. Yes, sir, Alabama can have fortifica-
tions to defend her against an assailing foe, but
Michigan must depend upon her stalwart arm
alone for protection. Alabama had also received
400,000 acres of the public land* for the improve-
ment of the Muscle shoals m the Tennessee nvrr.
That land is worth not less than$ 700,000. But
the gentleman is willing to give up the avails of
this laud, an ' all that Alabama has received from
the General Government, if we will only put an
end to internal improvement. This is patru tism
ofahghorder, and, if entirely disinterested, has
my hearty commendation. But, in the present in-
stance, there seems to be something of self-inte-
rest about it. On a map at the left of your chair,
sir, is delineated the Tennessee river, Muscle
Shoals, and the canal around the north bend of the
shoals. Yes, sir, also a certain railroad on the
south side of the river, tunning from Decatur to
Tuscumbia, through Courtland.
The gentleman from Alabama, when at home,
takes his letters and papers from the post office at
Courtland. This may well account for his pa-
triotism. It may also be accounted for on the sup-
po ition that his district is particularly interested
in the railroad improvement.
[Mr. Hubbard here said that he had opposed ap-
propriations for such purposes long before the rail-
road charter was granted. That so far from the
railroad interest operating in favor of his election,
the contrary was the fact. He received a much
larger vote in the counties where the canal was
run than in those counties along the route of the
railroad; not on account of the railroad or canal,
but because there were more Democrats in the for-
mer counties and more Whigs in the latter. Those
who sent him here would give up the donation if
you would stop plundering them to carry on woiks
of internal improvement. Yes; the State of Ala-
bama could not only afford to surrender this dona-
tion, but give a million dollars in the bargain, if
you would not take any more of their money ]
Mr. Crary resumed. The patriotism of the peo
pie of Alabama is not to be doubted. They have
accepted the donation, and they have thus given evi-
dence of a knowledge of their true interests. I
should like a similar dona'ion for my own State;
but it will not be made this session. Even a
cession of the lands for a fair consideration, the fa-
vorite project of the gentleman from South Caroli-
na, [Mr. Pickens,] will find little favor with the
House, as at present constituted. A change mutt
come over us before "the sun and the moon and
the eleven stars will make obeisance." "The
arms of our hands must first be made strong," and
honor and power must first be in our possession.
Mr. Speaker, I have thus far confined myself to
the question. I have now something to say about
men. Ever since the Harnsbuu Convea'ion, no
speech has been delivered on this floor which has
not some refeience to the existing political te\&-
tions of the country. This has not been in order. It
is not our province to make Presidents, nor to
waste the time of the House in making speeches
in favor of the candidates ef either political party 
and yet this has been Jone, and to an extent that
it would be almost eut of order not to make a
reply. I propose to reply, but not in the way
that will be most agreeable to the Opposition. I
.shall indulge in no vituperation, and make use
of no abusive epithet. These weapon  belong W
my political opponents.
The gentlemen from Indiana, [Mr.PRomT,] wbo
occupied the floor yesterday, has brought befoi*
the House the hero of North Bead, not as be ism
his old age, with mental infirmities fast thickening
upon him, but as he was when in command of the
