244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
¿6th Cono.......1st Sbis.
Hill for the relief of Sylvester Phelps—Mr. Leet.
H. of Reps.
fonnd in ihe houses, and one, of many graves
fresh dug, was opened and found to ctn'ain thrce
dead bodies." Could all- this have been done in
the presence of a victorious army ? Not in civil-
ized warfare. In such a war, ihe conquerors bury -
the dead. With these-facts before them, the trusty
followers of the Prophet aught have claimed, at
least a drawn battle, and in support of their posi-
tion, have pointed to the dead taken from the field,
and IP the fresh graves in which they were bmied.
Bat the Indian account of this battle has not
been given to history. If, however, you and I had
been presen', Mr. Speaker, at their next great war
dance, we should have heard the songs of the
braves of their nation, and listened to the recital
of theii deeds of renown.
I have done, Mr. Speaker, with the official ac-
count of the battle ot Tippecanoe. It has been
converted into a victory. Let it be so recorded oa
the page of hvstory. But, for the honor of the
country, let there also be recorded on the same
page, deeds of more enduring fame—not indeed on
the part of the officers and soldiers, for they fought
like men; but on the part of the General, who, with-
out intrenching his night encampment, without the
ordinary precaution against surprise, exposed these
gallant spirits to sacrifice and slaughter.
The gentleman from Indiana has given tc Gene-
ral Harrison the ered t of first suggesting the ar-
mament of the lakes, in the war of 181*2. If I am
correctly informed, that honor belt ngs to another.
It was first suggested by Gen. Armstrong to Go-
vernor Eustis, then Secretary of War. The letter
bore <Hate the 2d of January, 1812, and say :
Restine, as the line of Canadian defence does in its whola
extent, un rarigable lakes and riven, no time should be lost in
getting a naval ascendency on both; for, cateris paribus, the
belligerent, «ho w the first to obtain these advantages, will
(miracles excepted) win the game.
Again, the same let er says:
For western defence, employ western men, accustomed to the
rifle and stratagems of Indian warfare. To their customary
arms add a pistol and a sabre, and to ensure celerity of move-
ment mount them on horseback. Give them a competent
leader and a good position, within a striking distance of Indian
vilages or Biuish settlements. Why not at Detroit, where
you have a Strang fortress and a detachment of artillerists!
Recollect, however, that this position, far from being good,
would be positively bad unless your naval means have ascen-
dency on Lake Brie."
la " Armstrong's Notices  f the War of 1812,"
at page 177, is a note on the subject of the arma-
ment of the lakes, in the following words:
No efficient measures were taken by the Government to ob-
tain a command of the lakes until October, 1812 A letter
wrtiteN about this time by General Armstrong to Mr. Gallatin,
was probably the means of recalling the attention of the cabinet
to this important subject. In this letter the General stated the
following facts: '• That he was informed by Captain Chauncey
that as earlv as the month ef July, Captain Wbolsey had re-
quested twenty six-pounders, of which there were more than
one hundred in the navy yard unemployed; that the intention
of Woolsey was to arm such vesssels of commerce as could be
found on the Lake and at Sackett's Harbor, with the aid
of which he would be able to get a complete command of the
water."
On these facts Gen. Armstrong remarked that
"the object was of ihe highest importance; that be-
side giving us the advantage of an exclusive and
uninterrupted use ot ihe lakes for public purposes,
it would effectually separate Upper from Lower
Canada, cut asunder the enemy'  line of communi-
cation, and prevent Brock and Provost from succor-
ing each ether."
Now, sir, no letter is found from Gen. Harrison on
this subject until the month of December follow-
ing. On the 12th of that month, he wrote to the
War Department, advising the employment of na-
val means; or rasher saying, " if the Government
would employ naval means, all thrsj obj cis could
be accomplished in the short space of two months
in the spring." But this advice, if such it could be
called, was subs'antially revoked in his letter of
the 17th of March.   At this time he .*ays :
"Ifihereisposjft'ne certainty of our getting the command of
take Erie, and having a regular force of three thousand five
hundred, oreven three thousand, well disciplined men, the pro-
posed plan of setting out from Cleveland, and landing on the
northern shore, below Maiden, would, perhaps, be the one by
which that place and its dependencies could be most easily re-
duced."
Alter stating his ignorance of "the preparations
that were maktrg to obtain the naval superiority
upon Lake Erie,1' and the nt er impossibility of
transporting a Urge and undisciplined army, the
General proceeds:
Although the expense and difficulty of transporting the pro-
visions, artillery, and stores for an army round the head of the
Jake, would be very eoniidsrable, til  lain being peesessed by
our ships, and the heavy bacsage taken i  boats along it* mar-
gin, the troops would find no difficulty ' in the land route."
Here, sir, are the views ef a man who has been
praised for biins the first to suggest the armament
of the lakes. Fortunately for the country, these
views did not prevail. Time had lessened ihe in-
fluence of the General of the Northwestern array,
and his suggestions were discarded. A new order
was issued by the War Department for proseauting
the campaign on the plan given in March, -which
was, "to get command of the lakes."
But, sir, the plan of operations came near being defeated by a
cautiousness amounting to timidity, I had almast said to cow-
ardice. On Ihe 21st of April, the General, alter approving of
the plan of operations presented by the WarDepaitment, says
that he shall watch the movements of the enemy narrowly,
"Aui in the event of their landing at Lower Sondusky, that
post cannot be saved" Tlie enemy did land, but not to fulfil
this prophecy. The post was saved, but not by General Har-
rison. He had withdrawn the body of hia army to Seneca,
nine miles distant. Under command of the gallant Col. Cro-
atian, a detachment of one hundred and sixty men resolved to
defend the post, or die in the attempt. Sir, need I tell the re-
sult}   It is written on the brightest paee of our history.
Mr. Speaker, I will not allude to the determination of Gene-
ral Harrison to destroy his stores at Seneca, and retreat to Up-
per Sandusky, leaving the whole lake coast defenceless. Nor
will I allude to his order to Majer Croghan to abaudun Hie fort
and repair to head quarters. These I puss over; and I pass
over, also, the General's official report, wherein it appears that
he left tais intrepid body of men to meet all the assaults of near
two thousand of the enemy, and left them, too, with but "one
six-pounder, seven rounds of cannon cartridges, and forty
rounds of small arms."
In April, the postcould not be saved; on the last days of July,
he ordered it to be abandoned and burnt; but, on hearing the
cannonading, he made the discovery that any attempt to storm
it could be resisted with effect. He therefore remained in his
camp atSeneca, without making a solitary movement, until he
was informed that the enemy were retreatinr. He then went
towards the post as fast as the dragoons could carry him, but
"not an enemy was to be seen." The General then returned to
Seneca, and wrote the Secretary ot War that he had before
informed him "that the post of Lower Sandusky could not be
defended against heavy cannon." He had informed him that
the post could not he saved at any rate; and while the bat tie was
raging, speaking of Croghan, he said, ''the blood be on his oten
head—I wash my hands of it."
In Augnsi the exertions of the War Department were
crowned with success. Our squadron obtained command of
the lakes, and, soon after, General Harrison crossed over to
make an attack on Maiden. When he arrived, Proctor had fled,
and was not overtaken until he reached the Thames ol Lake St.
Clair. This happened on the 5'h ol October, wh-n a battle was
foneht that closed the war in Upper Canada. Of late, the friends
of General Harrison have claimed great honor for him on this
occasion, but hedoesnot deserve it. The glory of the victoiy was
awarded at the time to Colonel Richard M, Johnson, and it be-
longs to him. His regiment of mounted men made 'he charge
upon the British lines, and broke them to pieces. They also
crossed the swamp, and fought against the Indians, without any
ai<l from the rest of the army. The charge was suggested by
Colonel Johnson;and all that General Harrison did was to give
the order. lam aware that ihe officii I report gives us to under-
stand that the plan of attack came from "a moment's reflec-
tion."
"While /," says the General, "was engaged in forming the
infantry, /had directed Colonel Johnson's resiment, which was
still in front, to be formed in two lines opposite to the enemy,
and upon the advance of the infantry to take ground t« the
left, and forming upon that flank, to endeavor to turn the right
of the Indians. A moment's reflection, however, convinced
me that from the thickness of the woods, and swampiness of the
ground, they wou'd be unable todo any thing on horseback, and
there was no time to dismount them and place their horses in
security. /, therefore, determined to refuse my left to the
Indians, and to break the British lines at once by a charge of the
mounted infantry. The measure was not sanctioned by any
thing that / had seen or heard of, but / was fully convinced that
it would succeed."-
This is the statement of General Harrison. Would any one
imagine from it that the change in the order of battle was sug-
gested by another! Yet such is the fact. Colonel Johnson
says: '-I requested General Harrison te permit me to charge."
He did charge, and at such speed that the British had not
time to discharge their third fire before they were totally
routed.
Mr. Coofbr here inquired of Mr. Chary his authority for as-
serting tha; the order of battle was changed at the request of
Col. Johnson.
Mr. Cbary referred to Armstrong's notices of the war of
1812, wherein was a letter asserting the fact, under Col. John-
son's own signature.
This battle put an end te the war in Upper Canada. In the
following spring General Harrison tendered his resignation as
Major General of the army. It was immediately accepted, and
the vacancy filled with the namo of Major General Andrew
Jackson. I have seen it stated, Mr. Speaker, in a late publica-
tion of the friends of General Harrison, that this resignation
was brought about by the War Department, from a spirit of
malice and envy. This is a libel upon the reputation of an
able, but much abused public servant. The then Secretary of
War entertained no ill will towards the commander of the
Northwestern army. He probably considered him an itiefli-
ctént General, and was glad to supply his p'ace with the name
of him whose achievements as a warrior and civilian have
filled the measure of hia country's glory.
I am aware, sir, that my remarks militate against hundreds
of certificates ihat have been produced to prove General Har-
rson an able commander. These certificates are entitled to
coosideratioa But it is to be recollected that the great majori-
ty of them were fiven by officers over whom the General had
authority. They are the evidence of witnesses under duress,
and are to be received, at least with caution, before the high
tribunal of the public. It is not common for generals of dis-
tinction—the heroes of battle fields—to go about the camp to
obtain certificates of good conduct. ' At Austerlitz, and Jena,
and Marengo, Napoleon needed no such endorsement of hi 
1
fame; nor did Nelson, at Copenhagen, at Aboukir, and at Tra-
falgar. It was reserved for General Harrison to establish the
precedent of obaining certificates from subaltern officers to
prove himsell a warrior and a hero
Mr. Speaker, 1 bave done with General Harrison. He is
now the Whig candidate for the Presidency, anil his Iriends ex-
pect to succeed by inspiring in his behalt a military e¡ thusi-
«sm throughout the country. They are deomed to disappoint-
ment. They may raise the psein shout in glorification of their
hero, but it will meet with no response from the heaits of the
millions.
REMARKS OF MR LEET,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
In the House of Rcprtsemalhcs, March 20, 1840—
The   bill   for   the relief of   SylveMer   Phelps
and  the heirs  of Charles London being   under
consideraron    in   Committee   of   the   Whole,
(Mr. DAVEEin^he chair,) a motion was made by
Mr. Petrikin (o strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. LEET said:   He desired to make a remark
or two in reply to his friend and honorable  col-
league, [Mr. Petrikin.]    He would not incline to
do so, did he not suppose his colleague  labored
under a misapprehen-ion  in  regard  lo  the con-
trolling and leading fa£ts upon which the claim
of the persons named in the  bill  was predicated.
The  repor',   ¡t is trip,  has   been   read   at   ihe
Clerk's desk; but, since that, and pendirg ihe re-
marks of the gentleman   ftom  Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] I have read (said Mr. L.) the report, and
now have it befofee  me.    Mr. Chairman,  I  am
tree lo say, that I am one of those who are desi-
rous,    and   feel   it    a    duty,   lo   scrutinize   all
these private claims  that come befoie Congress.
It is right  we should do so: no  man will gainsay
it.    But I am utterly unwilling that my solicitude
to  protect the  Government should  prevent   me
from doing ample and full justice lo  individual
claimants, who demonstrate before us that their
demands are fair.   If this claim te a just one, as I
believe it is, I hold we are bound, by every princi-
ple  that should govern m^n, or associations of
men, to   pay it.    It is magnanimous, in a grvat
and powerful nation, to see ihat ju tice is done to
private claimants.    It is, however, objected against
this bill, that the claim is a stale one: the proper-
ty, for the destruction  of which, by the so'diery
of the Unite!   States,   as  is alleged,   indemnity
is soueht,   having been  destroyed   ss   f„r   back
as   1815.      Is   this   a   valid   ohjectu n?      Shall
it prevail?    Ought it to  prevai ?    I  unhesitatingly
say, no.    Why,  sir, it  is well  known to mem-
bers of  Congress—it   is  knovn to   every   man
in the country, that it is  an  exceedingly arduous
and tedious process to get a bill granting  relief to
individuals   through   both  Hou-e  of  Congress.
Many causes, which we cannot control, combine
always to make the te lionsn?>s of the progress of
a private bill in Congress heartsickentng and dis-
couraging to the persons to be beiefiied  thereby,
and their only consolation is, that tatdy justice will
sometime or other come.    If lilis  that ought to
pass do not become laws for a series of years, as
is the case, I believe, in many instances, it is not
the fault of the claimants.    Where a claim has
been regularly followed up from Congress to Con-
grevs, 1 cannot agree that the mere  lapse of time
shall constito e any rrason  against its ultimate
liquida'ion.    I do not conceive  that the Govern-
ment is bound by any  law of limitations, either
written  or   unwritten.     The    enly   proper  in-
quiry is, is the demand a just one?     I know
of one claim   that   h=ts   been   tefire   Congress
upwards   of thirty   years.    It   seems   to me   to
be  just,   and   I   frankly   confess   that it never
occurred to me that the circumsance of the great
lapse of time since it ought to have been paid,  con-
stituted any sort of objection to the payment of it.
But I shall say no more upon this point.     What,
Mr. Chairman, are the matetial facts in the pre-
sent case?   They are few, but strong and satisfac-
tory.   It seems that in 1815 the house of the per-
sons named in the bill, was taken possession of by
United States so'dier , in pursuance of an order of
one of the United States officer , not only without
the assent of the owners, but against their express
wish; that during the ocenpancy of the house by
the soldiers, an unusually large fire was made, and
continued for some time.   The heat became so in-
tense as to communicate to the wood, and the house
was burnt down.   The fire, it is true, was not di*
