friar. 1840.____________
86th Cong.......1st Seis.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£43
New Jersey Question—Mr. Pefrikin.
H. of Reps.
covered for ten or twelve hoars after the soldiers
had leit. Now, sir, so far as this bill is concerned,
the only and material question lor our determination
is, did ihis destruction of property occur from any
willulnes- or negl'gence on the part of the owners,
or was it the con s quence of the doings of the United
States soldiers.? From the facts stated in the report
of ttie commiitee, and I take them as correct, I
think no gentleman will, npin due consideration,
doubt as to how and by what means the burning
happened. It was not mere accident; it was not a
mailer wuh which the owners appear to have had
any connection whtaever; but was occasioned by ¡
the careles«ne^s, to u^e the mildest phrase, of the ,
United States suldiers. Under these circumstances,
I am of opinion the bill ought to pass, and shall I
accordingly cast my vote for it.                               i
REMARKS OF MR. PETRIKIN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives, March 6,   J840-
In reply to Messrs. Barnard an
New York, and Mr. Pope of K
appeal tiken by Mr. Fillmore
sk n olthe Chair, declaring Mr
in discussing a proposition gro
New Jer-ey contest.
Mr. PETRIKIN said
Mr. Speaker: It may be thought a bold move
in a plain, uneducated countryman like myself, to
rse tn opposition to two learned lawyers and one
Governor. There is indeed, a feaiful od( s
against me, if I am to judge from the reputation
which they have acquired among their own pari-
sans; bat, sir, silence would imply assent to their
charges and opinions, and to leave them uncontra-
dicted would be criminal. When duty dictates I
am bound to obey; and sha;l therefore ask the in-
diligence of the House while I attempt to answer
what has b^en said by those learned gentlemen.
The first gentleman from New York [Mr. Fill-
more] who addressed the House, had worked him-
self into a passion, and attempted to drive us from
our position by a  torra ot ep.thets and hard wortfs.
He accused the majority of this House of tyranny,
despotism, and oppression—scarecrows, which we
nave so often heard it  rated and reiterated by that
geatletnao and the party wi<h which he acts in this
House, that we have ceased to be fiigbtemd. The
gentleman particularly complained that I had been
lrequently instrumental in making him take his
>eat, by cjlling him to order, and says "if he ex-
pects to speak hereafter, he must ask my leave "
I would bave been much gratfied if ny calls to
order had been successful in inducing him to cease
violating the rules of ibis House and alt the laws
made to govern parliamentary bodies; but I regret
thai I am compelled to sjy ihat although my ef-
fors have been backed by the decision ot the
Speaker, and that decision sustained by the ma-
jority of the House, I have been, so far, unsuccess-
tul in my efforts. Ihat gentleman rarely ad-
dresses the House in order; and often perseveres
in his speech in defiance of the requests and com-
mands of the Speaker and the drc*ion of the
House. Yc, in the face of all this, we hear him
rise ia his place and c >mp'ain that he is ga?fj-d,
aod depiived of his rights as a Representative and
a citizen. I app al to every candid man who now
hears me, and to ths records of the proceedings tf
this House, m verification of the tru'h of what I
assert.
^ The gentleman in his ardor to as.'ert bis own
rights, always forgets that he is violating the rights
of < thers. Is not every violation of the rules of
order a violation of the rights of other members?
Is not the (ccupattoa of the time allotted by the
rales of this Houss lor the consideration of the pri-
vate claims of persons from every quarter of this
Union, a violation of their rghts? And jet the
gentleman complains that his rights are violated.
Does the gentleman suppose he can justify him-
self h°re, or before the country, in occupying
yesterday and to day iti making speeches for mere
party purposes? Will the gentleman coolly and
calmly ask himself whether he thinks he will be jus-
tified in hw course of conduct, when he muss know
bat ns effect is to prevent hundreds of claims
WB being acted upon, about which there can be
ORE  Of
, on the
deci-
t of order
out of the
no dispute, and for which the individuals claiming
have been praying Congress, every session, for
years, to settle?
Mr. Speaker, the object I had in view, when j
moved the question of order, was to preserve the
time allotted for the censideration of private bills,
many of which had been examined and reported
by committees, as presenting claims, which were
just beyond dispute. Not only has this been the
case at this session, but many of them have been
for years past presented to Congress, but neg'ected,
because the time allotted for their consideration
had been consumed in speech-making—in debate,
which was worse than useless. We are now, Mr.
Speaker, in the fourth month of this session, and
not one hour has been devoted to the consideration
of private bills. We fee upon our tab'es, day
after day, reports and bills for the relief of indivi-
duals, many of whom are now suffering, and who
have been soliciting Congress for twenty years to
pass upon the r just claims; but now, when, for the
first time this session, they are reached, we are pre-
ventsd from acting on them by the gentleman from
New York [Mr Fillmore] starting a question cf
no interest 10 any one—I will not say "if is done for
the vilest political purposes," as Mr. Smith of Con-
necticut said of my political friends, but I will say
for no other purpose than to enable him to occu-
py the time of the House in making a speech on
the New Jersey contested election—a subject that
he and the partisan lawyers in this body who act
with him have each made one or two, and some
of them three, speeches upon, going over the same
story, without advancing one new idea, or eliciting
or developing a single fact ro elucidate or throw
new lisht upon the subject in d spute. The gen-
tleman being himself snug, warm, and cnmfombly
fixed, and well fed with the good things of this
world, forgets the hunger, cold, and other priva-
tions, which many of those are now experiencing,
whose just clarms are before the House, and the
actton on which is being delayed, in consequence
of his course. Jt is too often the ca*e that we for-
get, or do not thmk of, what we do not feel ors°e.
If it were o'herwise, our actions would often be
very different from what they are.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Fillmore] has been occupying the floor of
ihis House at least one half of ihe session of yes-
terday and to-day, and jet, in the very face of
this fact, complains that he is gagged, and not per-
mitted to speak. I should like to know from him,
if he calk this being gag?ed, what would be the
consequence if his gag was removed? I suppose
he would occupy the who'e time of the House,
and ih n complain that it was not sufficiently long
to satisfy his loquacious disposition. So much for
the fiist lawyer, and his windy war of word*.
Now, sir, I will briefly notice the second lawyer,
the gentleman tn m New York, [Mr Barnard,]
on my left, who endeavors, by a lengthy stan merit
of what he calls facts, to get around the laws mide
fi r the g vernment of thi> House. I am no law-
yer, but I have some little know'edee of how ex-
ceptions are taken to op mons delivered by law
judges, and must b"g leave to object to the recep-
tion of the gentleman's stitement, although it took
himself and two other learned lawyer^ so long to
coi.e ct it. I appeal to every lawyer in this
Houss, if ever they saw a string of facts embodied
in a bill of except'ons to the op n on of a judge,
deliveiel on a simple point of law, particu'arly
where the pre'ended facts' only existed in the fer ile
imaginations of the g-ntlemen who drew ihe bill.
I must beg leave to protest pgainst the lumbering
of the journals with such stuff, or perm"ting surh
innovations on the long and established practice of
this House.
I shall now give my attention to my third oppo-
nent, the Governer, [Mr. Pope of Kentucky,] who
attacks us by dealing out "soft sawder" to the Speaker,
which might do if the gentleman was selling
wooden clocks to an old woman, but certainly can
have liile effect with the Speaker, to induce him
to after his decision in ibis case. I am satisfied
that the gentleman himself was only carried away
by his sympathy for, and zeal to help Irs party
friend out of his difficulty, and get the gag out of his
m,ou,th, of. which he has so bitterly complained,
I know the gent'eman from Kentucky will, when
he reflects, see the impropriety of his political
friends' interfering with the time $et apart for the
relief of claimants, such as wounded and disabled
soldiers and seaman, or the widows and orphans of
those who have died or been killed m the service of
their countiy. I know him to be a pe son of hu-
mane and good feelings, and feel confident, when
he coolly looks at this matter, that he will see that
his friends are in the wiong, and that the gentle-
man from New York has no reason to complain of
tyranny or oppression, but that tho=e, the business
of whom he prevents action upon, have a right to
complain of him.
The gentleman from Kentucky also complains
that I stop persons on the floor from speaking as
often and as long as they wish. Now, Mr. Speak-
er, I would not be under the necessity of doing so,
if those gentlemen would conform to the rjle-- and
orders of the House—if they would not be obnox-
ious to the charge of being out or or'er.
The gentleman from Kentucky comp'ains be-
cause a majority in this House have used thf gag
law to prevent useless talking, and stop idle de-
bate; but he forgets to say any thing about the gag
law which his polit-cal friend from Kentucky, in
another part of this building, wished to inflict
on the country to gag freemen, and prevent their
thinking, speaking, and exercising t^eir constitu-
tional privileges. That gag law would, in the es-
timation of him and his political fnenis, be right
and proper, though it would bind the fie* men of
the country hand and foot to ihe ca*, and face
them to gratify the sordid amb.tion of their politi-
cal leaders.
O! yes; I have no doubt hut those very persons
who are now so veberoest in their re i.onstrances
and denunciations against gag laws, tyranny, and
oppression, would te not only much giatified if the
Kentucky gag law «as passed, but as loud in
praises of it as they now are in denounc ns all re-
strain's upon their lawless and disordeily couiae in
thi* House.
Tne gentleman from Kentucky objects to the
use of the prevous question in this Hou«e, and
particularly points me out as the most frequent
mover of it. How ihe fact last stated is, 1 do not
know. The previous que-tion is essental to ge-
ting any bu ine*s of the cuntry done, and I con-
si.ler it an imperative du'y (not at all ttm  s a plea-
sant and agreeable "lie) to move it whenever I
think it can be second'd; and I would infi rm
gentlemen that threats, denunciations, sneer*, r dt-
cul , or epiihets, will not cause me to shrink from
what I consider my duty. I shall in all ca*es act
as I deem right, regardless of the opinions of
others.
I will not follow the gentleman to Tippecanoe, nor
undertake to contradic him as to the niat'er which
appears to be uppermost in the mind of e>ery one
oí the party with which he acts, (if we ate to ju ga
by their intr during it into every dtbve.) I u e.m
ther attempts to palm Gin. Harrison on the p o-
ple for a wise and brave man. It is n t nects a^y
for me, or any one else, to do so. Hi-tory, ¡ nd ths
facts on record, disprove all they assert on this sub-
ject, and the people are Dot so easily duped as they
imagine, by their syst m of puffin*.
I am at a loss to know what ihe gentleman from
Ken'ucky m ans by the terra "slang whang." If
he means gnntmg a request made ci me by him-
self, I tfiei undersand it. I 1 ave always 'ound the
gentleman kind and courteous in my c mmunca-
tions with h m, and I h'ive always endeavored tos
be equally si in return, when I could do so without
a violation of my du'y as a Representative.
The gentleman from Kentucky begs the Speaker
to reconsider his decision and reverse it. I ean
assure the gentleman it is too late for the Shaker
to grant his request, however earnest'y made, if he
Wf re even d spo^eJ to do so. The House has de•
cided the question in part, and put it bevond the
reach of ihe Speaker. I hope this will not be a fresh
source of accusation against the Speaker as being
«an instrunvm of tyranny and oppression;  an
expression u^d, if I am not mistaken, by the gen-
tleman from New York rMr. Fillmore] in his re-
marks on this question.
I will now briefly notice the question before thj
