S44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mai*.  1840.
26tu Cono.••• 1st Sbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr Buchanan.
Senate.
H use, and th* n conclude.   I made the objections
to '.de discussion ft the question of reconsideration
duang the lime alio ted for piivate bill , with the
view I  before staled.    I believed  the   decision
of the Speaktr was wrong or I would not have ap-
pealed.   I never occupy  the time of the House
with frivolous qurstions, m rely for the purpose of
preventing the business of the country being done;
nor will I, if in my power to prevent it, suffer oth-
ers to do so.   There is a difference between  the
question of order I brought belore the House and
that decided by the Speaker and sustained by the
Hou«e some days since, on the appeal from the de-
cision by a gentleman from New York.    In that
ca-e there wa« no special order; nor did it interfere
with the buMne-s a'lotted for any  particular day.
In this ca e the rules of the House particularly and
iperifically assign the Fri 'ay and Saturday of each
week, after the naming hour, to the c n*ideration
of private bil s, and  that, 1 allege, cannot be dis-
pensed with or set aside except by a motian to ad-
journ, or by a vote of tvo-thirds of the members
present.   I also think the Speaker is wrong in en-
tertaining the point of order made by the gentle-
man from N. York, [Mr. P.] during the pendency
of the question on my appeal before the House;
and I consider a motion to lay a question of order
on the table is not in order at any time, but parti-
culaily «hen the Chair has received two motions as
points of order and two appeals fromjhis decision.  I
do conceive that that the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Fillmorjc,]  is tbe last man in the
House that ooght to complain of the Speaker, who
has treated him wi'h great indulgence and courte-
sy, and only interrupted him afier repeated Gil's to
order from every quarter.   With  these reparks I
shall leave ih; subject to the decision of th« House.
IUC/IANAN,
ÍIA.
)n the speech
gainst the In-
REMARKS OF MR.
OF PENN8YL.V.
Jn Senate, Tuesday, March 3,   $40
of Mr. Davis of Massachusetts
dependent Tieasury bill.
Mr. President: 1 rise to perfifrn a painful but
imperious duty, which I owe/to my-elf. Tbe
speech which I lately delivered/in favor of the In-
dependent Treasury bill has Been made the sub-
ject of criticism and censure in another part of this
Capitel; under what rule of order I confess I can-
not comprehend. In some portions of the country,
at public meetings and in the public press, I have
been decounced as the enemy of the laboring man,
and have been charged with a desire to reduce his
wages, and depress his condition to that of the de-
graded serfs of European despotisms. Sentiments
have been attributed to me, which I never uttered,
and which my soul abhors. I repeat, what I de-
clared in that speech, th it if I could believe for a
moment that the Independent Treasury bill would
prove injurious to the laboring man, it should meet
my unqualified opposition.
I had intended to embrace the first opportunity
which presented of doing myself jusúce upon this
subject. Business called me away, and I was ab-
sent whilst the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crit-
tenden] addressed the Senate on the resolutions
now before it. I understood that he had referred to
tbe wages of labor, in no offensive term* to me,
however; but in such a manner as to have pre-
sented the opportunity which I so much desired.
When the Senator from New Yoik, [Mr. Tall-
madgb ] afterwards alluded to the same subject,
the debate had assumed a personal character, and
I was not the man to interfere against him in such
§ content. He had said nothing which could ex-
cite any disposition on my part to pursue such a
course.
Had I obtained the floor at any time during the last
week, my explanation wiuld have been short and
simple. The means, and the only mean , by
wh ch it was alleged that I had sought to reduce
the wages ef labor to the standard of the hard mo-
ney despotisms of Europe, was, by the introduction
of an exclusive metallic currrency into this coun-
try. Now, to such a radical change in our cur-
rency, I have ever been opposed. I have avowed
my opposition repeatedly upon this floor and else-
where; and never more distinctly than in my late
speech in favvr of the Independent Treasury.   My
motto has always been to rrform, noi to d stroy
tbe bank-: and I have endeavord lo prove—with
what success, I must leave the public to judge—that
sucha radical reform in these institutions as would
prevent violent expansions and conti actions of the
currency, and thus enable them always to redeem
their notes in specie, would prove em.nently bene-
ficial to all classes of society, but more especially
to the laboring man.
On Saturday evening last a message was sent me
by a friend, requesting me to examine the pub-
lished speech ot the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Davis ] and suggesting that it contained an
eironeou* statement ot ihe arguaaen's which 1 had
used in favor of the Independent Treasury bill.
I examined his speech in the National Intelliaen-
cer, having never read it before, and I confess it
Miuck me with the utmost as>trm>hment. I found
ihat, throughout, he had attributed to me argu-
ments in favor of the bill which I never used; nay
more, that the objections to ihe bill, wh ch I had
endeavored to combat, had been imputed to me as
the very arguments which I urged in its favor.
I shall proceed to make some remarks upon his
speech. In performing this duty, it is my sole
purpose to justify myself, without feeling the
slightest disposition to do him injury.
In my remarks I urged the passage of the Inde-
pendent Treasury Bi'l, because it would separate
the banks from the Government, and would ren-
der ihe money of the people always secure, and
always ready to promote their prosperity in peace
and to defend them in war.    Great as are the ad-
vantages, direct and incidental, which the country
will derive from the passage of thus bill,  I knew
that it coald   accomplish little  or  nothing, to-
wards reforming our paper currency, or restraining
the banks within safe limits.   This opinion I have
declared upon all occasions, and never more em-
phatically than in my  late speech     I s'ated that
the idditionat demand for gold and silver which it
might create would not exceed five millions of dol-
lars per annum, according  to the President's esM-
timate; and that although this might c moel the
banks to keep more specie in their vaults in pro-
portion to their circulation and deposites, yet that it
would prove but a very inadequate restraint upon
excessive banking.    Nay, more; I plumed myself
upon the fact ihat I had been the firsi to suggest
the amendment requiring the holders of Treasury
drafts to present them for paym' nt to ihe deposita-
ries with as little delay as possible, for the express
purpose of saving the banks from the injury which
might be inflicted upon them by locking up a large
surplus of revenue in gold and silver in the vaults
of the deposi aries.    And  I endeavored to prove,
not only by my own arguments, but by the autho-
rity of one of the most distinguished financiers that
this country has ever produced,  that the banks
never could be injured by the adoption of the In-
dependent Treasury bill, unless in the event ef a
large surplus revenue, which would not probably
soon occur.   I also stated that it would thus be-
come their interest, as it already was that of the
te*t of the community, to prevent the accumulation
of such a surplus.   In referring to the blessings
which   would   flew to   the laboring man  from
the existence of a sound mixf d currency, whose
basis should be gold and silver, I expressly de-
clared that the bill would exercise no great influ-
ence in producing this desirable result.
Again, in speaking of the eff ct which this mea-
sure would produce in reducing ihe amount of our
imports—a consummation devoutly desired by all
—what was my argument That the bill wonH,
in some degree, especially afier June, 1842, diminish
our impoits; because we should then have a *ys-
.em of cash duties, which would operate as an en-
couragement to our domestic manufactures.
One of ihe great objects of my speech was to an-
swer the objections which had been urged against
the Independent Treasury bill, by proving that it
would not injuriously influence the bus ne-s of the
country in the manner which had been predicted
by its enemies; and especially that it would pro-
duce litt'e or no effect upon the sound and solvent
banks of the country. I thought I had succeeded.
It certainly never entered into my conception that
any penon on the face of the earth could so far
have mistaken my maaning as to attnbue to me
arguments in lavor of the bill, as direcily opposite
to those wh ch I urged as darkness is to light.
You may judge, then, Mr. President, of my as-
tonishment, when, in the very second paragraph of
the speech of the Senator from Massachu>et!s, I
read the following sentence:
"The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Walker] with his usual
acknowledged ability, and the distinguished ¡senator fr m Penn-
sylvania [Mr Buchanan] following in his track, have advan-
ced the propositions that the embarrassments and distress with
which the country has been grievously afflicted lor several
years past, and which now paralyze all its energies, are impu-
table to the pernicious influence of bank papei, that this bill
[the Independent Tieasury bill] contains the necessary correc-
tive, as i/ Kilt cheik importations of foieign goods, sup-
press ichat they call the a edit system, and by restoring a
specie currency,) educe the wages of labor and Ihe value of
pi operty Thin is the character gicen lo Ihe measure by its
friends', and alarming as Ihf docti mes aie, I am gratified
that they artfrankly aiowed "
Now, sir, I openly declare, in the face of the
Senate and the world, not only that no such doc-
trines were ever avowed by me, but that ihese re-
marks of the Senaor are palpable, I will not say
intentional, misrepresentations both of the letter
and spirit of my speech.
What! sir, to attribute to me the remark, that
this bi'l, by applying the necessary corrective to
the pernicious influence of bank paper,* "and by
thus restoring a specie currency," will produce the
disastrous conspquences which he has enumeta'ed;
when a considerable portion of my argument was
devoted to prove that the bill would produce no
injurious effect whatever upon the sound and sol-
vent hanks of the country. Nay, more, that it
would exert but a very trifling influence, indeed,
if any, even in restraining within sale limits iheir
loans and is-ues. Now, sir, it may be vety inge-
nious; but it is certainly not ve/y fair to put into
the mouth of a friend of the bill, as arguments in
its favor, the strongest objections which have been
urged against it by its enemies. These would be
so many admi&sions of its fatal consequpnee , and
they would be he stronger when converted into
arguments in its favor by one of its frierds.
Against the whole current of my remarks—against
my express and rei'erated declarations, both upon
this and form* r occasion ,, that I was no friend to
an exclusive hard money currency, but was in
favor of well regulated btate banks, how could ihe
Senator be so far mistaken as to sit down and de-
liberately write that I had urged in favor of this
bill, that it would re-dore a specie currency, and
Hereby reduce the wages of labor and the value
of propeny? I leave it for him to an-wer the
question according to bis own sense of justice to-
wards a brother Senator who had never done him
harm.
But the Senator does not stop here. Throughout
his whole speech he impu es to me the use of snch
arguments in favor ot the bill as I have staled, and
dwells upon them at length—argumtnts which,if I
had ever u*ed, would prove conclusively that I was
an enemy of the bill which I professed to advocate,
and that scarcely even in disguise. This is the
light in which he presents me before the world.
Towards Ihe conclusion of hia speech, he caps the
climax.    He says:
'To follow out the case I have supposed: The income of
every man, except the exporter, is to be reduced one-half m the
value of wages and properly, white all foreign merchandise wilt
cost the same, which will obviously, in effect, double the price,
as it will take twice the amount of labor, or twice the amount
of ihe products of labor, to purchase it "
"/ do not ascribe this power to the bill; but it is enough for
mtlliat its friends do. What response will the farmers me-
chanics manufacturers, and laborers make to such ajiagi-
tious proposition?"
And all this the Senator says in a professed rep'y
tome. He thus charges me with harm? ascribed
to the Independent Treasury bill the power of re-
ducing the income of every man in the country
"one ha'f, in the value of wages and property."
Had I contended in favor of any such power, well
might the Senator have said it was "a flagitious
proposition." He would almost have been justi-
fied in the use of a term so harsh and unpar-
liamentary.
Self-respect, as well as the respect which I owe
to the Senate, restrains me from eiving such a con-
tradiction to this allegation as it deserves. It would
surely not be deemed improper, however, in roe, if
I were to turn to the Senator, and apply the epithet
which he himself has applied to the proposition be
