£46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mar. 1840.
c6rH ConG«"'l8T Sbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
1837. H¿ could then procure nothing for his
work but the miserable shtnplaster currency with
which the country was inundated. This he would
not lay by for a rainy day, because he did not
know at what moment it mitht become altogether
wo. h'ess on his hands. The e8ect of it was to
destroy all habits of economy. Besides, as a class,
laborers sufler more from counterfeit and broken
bank note* than any other class *f society. In or-
der to afford the laborer the necessary protection
against these evil*, he ought always to be paid, and
would, from nece-sity, always be paid, in gold and
silver, if the is?ue and circulation of small notes
wereentiie'y prohibited.
Thus, it will be perceived, that without the im-
position of wholes me restrictions upon the banks,
the laboring man can «ever expect to receive either
constant employment, or steady and fair wages, paid
in abound currency, or to pay uniform prices tor the
nece sa ie<and comforts of life, which he is obliged
to purchase. Under our present system every
thing is n a state of constant fluctuation aid
change. Prices are high tn-day, low to-morrow.
Lab r is in demand to day, there is no emp oyment
t -morrow. Tnere is no stabil ty, no unrfi rmiiy,
Tinder «ur present sj stem. Of all men, laborers are
the most interested in such a wise regulation of the
banking system, by the Stat*s, as would prevent
tl e violent expansions and contractions in the cur-
rency, and the consequent suspensions of specie
pajmei.ts under which we have been suffering.
Why, sir, under our present system, we endnre
the evils bo h of an exclusive hard money currency
and a bloated paper system, without experiencing
the bentfi s of either. The one is the inevitable
oon<*quenc - of the other. At the present moment
we have reached a point of depression in the eur-
ivncy which tie Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] considers as low, or lower, than the hard
money standard. Here we are, without credit,
because no man, for the prosreuton of his ne-
cessary business, can procure a loan from the banks.
They are now in thai S'ate of exhaustion which i->
the inevitable cooiequenee of their former h ghly
excited action. The case which Senators sup-
posed migot exist, should we suddenly adopt a
na'd money currency, exists already. It is now
fact, and not fancy. The man who purchased a
property but cne year ago, in the days of the high-
est expansion, for two thousand dollars, and paid
half the purchase money upon it, could, at this mo-
ment of depression, scarcely sell it for the remain-
ing one ihousand dollars. This is one of the great-
eat evils of our present ever changing system; but
such things must recur and recur again forever,
unless some efficient remedy shall be app'ied.
But the Sena'or from Massachusetts has ap-
pealed to the ballot box in the most solemn manner,
as the means of freeing the country from the cala-
mities which he says I have sdmit'ed would flow
from the passage of the Independent Treasury bill.
I unite with him most freely in this appeal. His
fear ef the result in his own State is probably the
best excuse which he could make for the manner
"in wh rh he has treated my speech. The morong
is not merely dawning upon old Massachusetts; but
a beautiful and bril iant Aurora is now shedding
her light upon it, and giving promise of a bright
and glorious day. We have at least an equal
chance with the friends of the Senator, of carrying
Massachuretta.
Mr Webster. As good a chance as we have
Of dairying Pennsylvania?
Mr. B. said: before I take my seat I shall an-
swer this question; but at present I am speaking of
the Senator's State. I will not venture absolutely
to predict succe s to the cause ef the Administra-
tion in Massachusetts at the next election, although
my hopes are high. Year after year the cause of
correct principles has been gradually advancing in
that ancient and renowned Commonwealth; and
such a revolution in public opinion never goes
backward.
The Senator appeals to the polls, and expects
that the laboring men of the country will come to
the rescue. ~ In this I venture to predict he will be
entirely mistaken. He w.ll find it to be a Her-
culean task to persuade the laboring man that
the party with which be is identified in friendly
to him and to his interests. What have we here-
t ifoie witnessed in the Senate? When the pre-
emption bill was before this body, the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Merrick] attempted to deprive trie
poor man who had fled from the oppre*si n of Eu-
rope to seek a home in the far West from enjoying its
benefits unless he were a naturalized c tizen. His
proposed amendment was sustained by distinguished
Whig members in debate; but was voted down by
the friends of the Administration. Again, sir,
what party is it which, with some honorable and
dis lBgutshed exceptions, has always opposed ihese
pre-emption laws? Is not the poor man who goes
into the wilderness, settles upon the public lands,
erects himself a cabin, and expects to maintain and
rear his family by the labor of his hands entitled
to our prott-c ion? To permit him to pu chase his
quar er seciion of land on which he ha^ set* led, at
the minimum ptiee, in preference to all others, is
but sheer justice to him, and experience Ins proved
that it dimmohes the receipts of the Government
but two or three cents per acre. Wh ch is the
party that has ever opposed this equitable at d just
pnncipte; and, by the course which it has pursued,
would aflo d the speculator an opportun ty of en-
riching himself, by purchasing the house and the
home of this poor settlor over his head, and thus
depriving him ofthefiuits of his honest labor?
No, sir, no: the laboring men of the country know
t o well which party is their true friends to be per-
suaded to enli-.t under the Whig banner by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The right of suffrage is the most sacred political
right which the citizuns of a free Government can
enjoy. L>ke the right of conscience, it ought ever
to be regarded as a question between the individual
man and his Maker, with which no human power
ouehtto interfere, unless by convincing the reason.
This is the very foundation upon which our Re-
publican institutons rrst. All men are regarded
as equal in the sight of the law; and they ought all,
therefore, to be equally free when they approach
the ballot box. I ask, has this principle been re-
spected in regard to the laboring man in our ex-
tensive manufactories? Have they never been
told that unless they voted accord1 ng to the dicta-
uob of their employers, they should be immediately
discharged? Have ihey never even been accompa-
nied to the polls by their employer or his agent, to
see that the tyrannical mandate should be carried
into execution? The man who would act in such
a manner, and thus abuse the little brief authority
which his station has given him over his fellow
men, is at heart a despot and a trrant. These
things I have never witnessed myself, but have of-
ten heard.
I now come to answer the question propounded
to me by the Sena'or from Massachusetts [Mr.
Webster] in regard to ihe political prospects in
Pennsylvania; and permit me here to say, that a'-
though I do not complain, I should not have been
the first lo inlroduce such topics upon this floor.
Unlike some of my friends in the Opposition, I
have made no predictions here which the result has
not verified. I am, therefore, entitled to some Hule
character as a prophet, which, small as it may be,
I should be sorrv to lose. The smoke which was
raised by th- late Whig National Convention has had
time to vanish away; and we can now see objects
in their true colors and just proportions. 1 have
endeavored lo view the parly struggle in my own
State in the light of truth, so as not to deceive my-
self or others; and I have had the best opportunities
of scquiring correct information. I now declare that
I firmly believe the Keystone State will remain
true to her ancient political faith; and from pre-
sent appearances, no future event can be more
certain than that she will sustain the present Chief
Magistrate and his principles, by a triumphant ma-
jority.
There is one circumstance which, in my opinion,
renders the result absolutely certain. It was our
misfortune to have been under Whig rule for a
period of three years, during the administration of
Governor Rttner. In what manner did that admi-
nistration treat the laboring men employed upon
the public works? No laboring man was permitted
to remain in the employment of the State, unless
he would pledge himself to support the reflection
of Governor Rimer. He was deprived of the
means of earning his bread by the sweat of his
brow, unless he would abandon his riuht to feel
and to think and to act, as a fre  and in impendent
cit zen of the Commonwealth In many msian-.es,
the Mipeiin'end*nts  n our railr^ad^ and canals
manhed up to the polls at the head o' numerous
bands of the laborers, to enforce a compliance wi h
the pledges which had thus been extorted from
them, and to see that they voted for Governor
R taer. The election came, and Governor Ru-
ner was defea'ed at the polls by a hand-
some majori'y. Immediately afterwards, it
was announced from high official authority that
th's election should be treated as if it had never
taken p'ace. The attempt to carry this mandate
into execu ion produced what has been most un-
justly called the Harnsburg mob. A revolution
was threatened, but the leader  fled from the fear-
ful responsibilry which they had assumed, at the
first monrent of fancied danger; and what had be-
gun in tragely, thus ended in broad farce.
Now, sir, I hall not say one word to the preju-
dice of General Harrison. It is his misfortune in
Pennsylvania to be i lent fied with the leaders of
the partv which I have just described. They are
his chief and most prominent supporters, and were
the most active anl influential in procuring his no-
mination; and they are sufficiently heavy to drag
down any candidate for the Presidency in Pennsyl-
vania to whom they are politically bound. This
1 very fact will lose General Harrison thousands of
! independent Whig votes in Pennsylvania. I trust
I have now sufficiently answered the inquiry of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
REMARKSIOF MR. DAVIS,
In Senate, MarchG, 1810—In reply to Mr Buchanan.
When Mr. Buchanan haloouclutteü bis remarks,
Mr. DAVIS ruse and saidi           /
Mr f rb^idbnt. The mVmner/ lrom Pennsylvania [Mr.
Buchanan] la of opinionlthat 1 have nut mut one ot hie
charges, and is pleased, in thl exercise or his courtesy, to say
I have evaded ihem, and male a/false issue. Nothing can be
more unjust—nothing more lht/ue, as I view the mattei; and
how far it becomes him to route such declaration , after de-
clining to point out more distinctly his causes of complaint,
you and others must judge. Sir, 1 have no cause for evasion
or a f rtlse issue; the plain matters of fact are enough for me,
and I will take care that the member does not escape lrom them
by an issue varying much, as I think, from that made m the
outset. If his opinions are scrutinized by the public—if they
are found unpalatable, and the tide of public opinion rolls back
upon him, he will not escape from his responsibility by turn-
ing upon me, and raising a controversy here about iht i ifluence
ofthe sub-Treasury in introducing a hard money currency.
Sir, I did not rise to retort the n decorous language of the
member. Harsh epuheqjfcan add nothing to the force of truth,
nor can violent languagestrengthen a feeble or false argument.
They contribute nothing to the dignity of the Senator, are a
violation of the rules of this body, and will be estimated by the
public, as they are, unworthy ol this place.
Why is this matter brought here at ihis late day? He does
not question the ldeniityof the speech I delivered here and th*
one in print. This he cannot do; but complains, among
other things, of attacks made upon him in the public press.
This is the secret of the wh le matter The country condemns
his opinions on wages. The laborers are startled at I he thought
of being brought down to "the standaid of prices throughout
the world." Tins is the topic on which the press speaks, a? far
as 1 have met its language, and this the Senator has labored to
explain by reading from his speeches; but he does not redd the
parts of his late speech to which I chiefly replied, and to
which I have-drawn his attention, but the public shall have an
opportunity to read it, and judge for themselves whether it can
have any interpretation but that given to it.
But the Senator now, for the first ume, as far as 1 have
heard, asserts that he did not hear the whole of my speech.
Not hear it, when it was mostly acomment upon his remarks,
and he present and near me! If he did not heir it all, why did
he speak to me at the close as if he had? Why did he use
complimentary language, whieh I shall not repeat in this placel
But, sir, what is the issue made now? It has dwindled
dawn into this: The gravamen, as he expressed it, is, that I
have put into his mouth words that he never used in regard to
the influence which the sub-Treasury may have an introducing
a specie currency. I have made him also, he thinks, too
much of a hard money man. I do not, in stating his objection ,
pretend to use his words, for that is out of my power. In
treating of this subject he has reviewed his opinion* npon
banks, excessive issues of paper, a mixed currency, the re-
duction of the currency, and the effect on wages. Though he
states the gravamen to be what I have described, yet he has
thought it necessary to dwell on all these matters, and espe-
cially to labor to prove that he is in favor of banks anda mixed
currency, and that he is not for coming down to hard money
alone, or for reducing wages to the hard money standard. But,
sir, he does not come to the point to which 1 have called bis
attention. I asked him more than oí ce to tell me what he
means in his speech, wherein, speaking of the failuie in suc-
cess of our manufactures and the reme !y for that evil he says,
among other language equally forcible. '■•Reduce out nominal
to the real standard of pnces throughout thewoild, nndj/ou
cover the country with blessings and benefits." This, he
contended, is what the interests ol the manufacturers require.
Yes, sir, to reduce thus the pnces of production and wage . I
asked him wh*t this standard of prices throughout the world
was, and whether it was not ttard monev,    Butlo this no.
í
