24&
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
26th Cono*"*1st Skss
Independent Treasury—Mr. Tappan.
Senate.
beeo preferred.   For this purpose he woald & k the
indulgence of the Senate for a few moments.
The Senate met and was organized on ¡he 2d day
of December last. Through the kindness of the
honorable Senator who then occupied the Presi-
dent's chair, and the indulgence of the Senate, he
had been honored with the same place upon the
standing committees of the body which he had oc-
cupied for several previous sessions, bestowed
upon him, as the then presiding officer could testify,
without solicitation from himself. This necessarily
placed before the committee of which he was a
member the reference of that pait of the annual
message of the President which related to the
finances of the country, and consequently which
related to the Independent Treasury bill. Thus
situated, if it had been his object to escape the in*
fluence of the powerful talents of his colleague in
opposition to the measure, the charge should have
been that he was dilatory, and not "precipitate;"
for it was not until the 6 h day of January, more
than a month after the meeting of the Senate, that
the bill was reported from the committee. On the
following 4ay, the 7th of January, the Legislature
of his State wat to assemble, and he could not fail
to know that among their first acts would be the
election of a Senator.
By the direction of the committee, it became his
duty to report the bilí; and by the same d rection,
he gave notice that its consideration would be
moved on that day week. The day arrived, ihe 13ih
of January, and passed, and on the 14th the bill
was called up. Some discussion was had in refe-
rence to apos'ponement for two weeks to give time
for absent Senators to arrive, and for vacancies to
be filled, and reference was made to the vacancy
existing from his own State. He informed the Se-
nate that his action, thus far, bad be«*n under the
order of the committee; that having discharged
their order, he now cheerfully submitted the whole
matter to the disposition of the Senate; that it
would give him pleasure to have & colleague here
before the bill should be finally acied upon, and
that he should now be in the daily expectation of
the news of an election and of the arrival oí the per-
son appointed to take his seat in the body; that he
did not consider it proper for bim to urge any
course upon the Senate; nor should he, any tarther
than to give his individual vote upon the question
of postponement. This course on his part called
fonh, at the time, expressions of approbation from
a distinguished Senator of the Opprsttion, [Mr.
Clay of Kentucky,] not now in his seat. The bill
was under the consideration of the Senate daily,
from the 14ih to the 17th of January, when the
question upon its engrossment was taken. This
was Friday of the week, and after the question was
declared, he, in violation of the wishes and feelings
of a large portion of his fiiend*, moved that when
the Senate adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday,
instead of Saturday, thus deferring the question
upon the final passage of the bill to the following
week. The motion prevailed. He entertained not
a single doubt then that he should have a colleague
present by the Monday to which the Senate stood
adjourned.
The Monday came, hot not his colleague. The
bill was again taken up, and the discussion upon
its final passage was continued from day to day,
until Thursday, the 23d of January, when the ques-
tion was taken, and the bill parsed. On that day
an «ffort was made to adjourn the Senate to give
funher time for the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Merrick] to discuss the bill; and when the ques-
tion was taken upon the motion to adjourn, he
purposely left Iris seat, and did not vote.
Now, as to his conduct tow aids his colleague,
who had chosen to make himself the author of
these charges of "precipitancy" and "want of
courtesy." On the evening of Saturday, the 25th
of January, two days after the bill in question bad
finally passed the Sena'e, the mail from the North
brought him a letter, dated at the Astor House, in
the city of New York, on ihe 23d, the day on which
the final question upon the bill was taken here,
signed by his colleague, giving the information
that he was detained in New York by ill health,
(that being the first information of that character
Which had reached Mr. W.) and requesting that the
final question upon this bill might be postponed to
await hislurrival, which would be on the Monday af-
ter. But a few moments had elapsed, after the letter
reached his hands, when he was informed that the
same train of cars which brought the letter, brought
also his colleague to the city.
Upon this s'ate of facts, well known to the Sena-
tor by a former explanation here, he risrs in his
place and again makes the charge of "precipitancy
and want of courtesy." To sucha charge, under
such circumstances, and coming from such a
quarter, he had no reply to make.
His statement of facts had been made to justity
himself to his constituents and the country; it had
been made to those who were Senators when the
transactions took place, and could judge of the ac-
curacy of his account of the matter. To his col-
league he owed neither explanation, nor reply, to
this repetition of such a charge.
It would be seen that some time had been al-
lowed, after the meeting of the New York Legis-
lature, and before the final action of the Senate
upon the bill in question, for the filling of ihat va-
cancy, and the arrival of the elected Senator to
take his place in the body.
He would leave to his colleague the duty of in-
forming the Senate and the country at what time
his election had taken place; at what time the no-
t ce of the fact had reached him; what lime was oc-
cupied by him in travelling fiom the place of his
residence to the city of New York; what number of
days ill health had confined him there; and all the
other facts, which would account to their common
constituents for his late arrival to taks his seat in
the Senate. He had not taken the pains to make
inquiries into these facts, nor were they such as it
became him to enlishten the Senate about. He did
not doubt the ability of his colleague to give the in-
formation, which seemed to be called for before he
should become an accuser of othfrs; but it was at
his option to give the information, cr to withhold
it. To him (Mr. W.) neither course had any im-
portance, nor had he any desire upon the subject.
The facts were within the reach of those to whom
they owed a common responsibility; and they would
make up no judgment upon either side, without
giving them their true weight and consideration.
He had no disposition to follow hii colleague
into the discussion of the Independent Treasury bill
upon this occasion. The subject was not new to
either, and the views of both were fu lv known to
their common constituents. He hasfuriher thought
it proper to discuss again most of the subjects upon
wh ch we have differed since we became members
together of ihis bedy. He (Mr. W.) would not
follow him in this review. He had been, and con-
tinued to be, content with their first discussions, and
would rest himself upon them.
His colleague has said, with some apparent feel-
ing and triumph, that he, Mr. W. had, upon those
occasions, proposed to refer their differences to their
constituents, and not make them the subjects of de-
bate and irritation here. He had done so; and he
certainly had not regretted the reference. It was
one which his duty, not less than his feelings,
prompted him to make, and it was made to those
who would take cognizance of them without their
consent.
The Senator said their constituents had decided,
thrice decided. Be it so. He had not questionsd
the assertion, nor was he to do so upon this occa-
sion. He had not claimed to stand with ihe ma-
jority in his State, nor hai he manifested an  dis-
position, nor did he entertain any wish, to dispute
the standing of his colleague in that particular. He
felt no ambition to change places, or positions. He
said now, as he had said before, leave our public
acts to the determination of tho*e common consti-
tuents, and not undertake to settle them here.
His colleague seemed to manifest peculiar anxi-
ety to learn whether he would obey instructions
from the Legislature of the State; a doctrine, he
said, which originated in Ihe school to which he,
Mr. W. belonged. He was free to avow the doc-
trine of instructions as belonging to his school, but
the present remarks of his colleague were the first
intimation he had received that he too did not be-
long to that same school, upon this point at least. He
I was sorry to pjs compelled to infer that here again a
difference was to grow up between them, as it
seemed to threaten an entire separation in principle
as well as practice.
He was aware that this answer had not exactly
reached the object of his colleague, and that he de-
sired him to speak particularly of the resolutions of
their Legis'ature now before the Sena'e. This it
was not his purpose t« do at present, and the only
relief he could give him now, was to inform him
that whrn legklative instructions should call for it,
he should he ready to act promptly and decisively.
Mr. TAPPAN said that the Senate had been
repeatedly chaTged wnh precipitation and want or.
couriesy in relation to the passage of the Indepen-
dent Treasury bill. He would not have thought
these charges worthy of notice if ihey had only
bepn made by those who were not memhers of ihis
body when the bill pawed; but as Mie sam^ impres-
sion had been attempted to be ma.le by others, he
would briefly state the facts as they actually oc-
curred. On the Thursday thai the bill pas-ed,
after the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Hender-
son] had spoken in opposition to the bill, and de-
livered an elaborate argument in favor of a United
Statf s Bank, I observed, said Mr. T. "that the Se-
nate seemed tired of the debate; that I had intended
to speak on that subject, and had made some pre-
paration for that purpose, but was not prepared
then to addre«s the Senate; and from the lilt's at-
tention paid to the labored argument of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, I should conclude that the
Senate did not desire !o hear any more speaking,
but would prefer to take the question that evening.
I said ihat it was my own opinion that we had
spent time enough on the bill, and that we ought
then to prtceed to a final vote upon it; but if the
Senat* thought otherwise, and the debate was to be
continued, I would, on to-morrow, take occasion to
submit my view.*; that at present I would give
way to any gentleman who desired then to address
the Senate.'' The Senator from Maryland then
took the floor, and afier making a few remarks,
moved an adjournment, which was not agreed to.
He then proceeded to make a very strong speech
¿gainst the bill, and when he had spoken long
enough for a reasonable sized speech, he gave way,
and the member from Indiana made a motion to
adjourn. This was also negatived, and the Sena-
tor from Maryland then proceeded until he had
finished his remarks. A'ter him, the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] addres^ed the Senate
with much ingenuity in opposition to the bill,
and when he had concluded, no other gentleman
seeming desirous to speak on the subject, the bill
was passed.
As io the remark of the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Merrick,] which was published several days
since, and not disavowed by him, that he [Mr. T.]
-dfclined to address the Sena'e al all on the sub-
ject, he must say, without supposing it other than
a mistake in the Senator, it was not true. He
made no such declaration. But the Senator from
New York seems to think that his Bute is the whole
Union, and that the Senate should lay by, and not
presume to transact any important business, until
the State of New York was fully represented here.
Now, he was as willing as any Senator to admit
the claim of that great State to be treated with all
proper respect. The Empire State is a great and
populous one; but she is not the only State in the
Union. There are other States besides New
York. In the west you may also see great and po-
pulous Slates, nearly equal to her in population,
and on this floor en'it'ed toas much weight and con-
side rat on. If both ihe New York Senators were not
here to participate in the transaction ot the business
of the nation with ihe Representatives of the 25 other
independent States, it not the fault of this body, and
he saw no reason why the business of this great
Confederacy should be delayed on that account.
But the Senator says "he has been in a peculiar
and trying situation." Has he indeed be^n in a
"peculiar and trying situation I1' and, for that rea-,
son, could not get heie sooner? What brought him
into that simaiion ? What was its peculiarity 1
What «as its trying nature? He has not told
us; on that we ate left to conjecture. But the
Senator's course has not been hidden from ptib'ic
view—it has been open to tjje wprld.   Did the Se->
