Jan.* 1840.
£5th Cono...—. 1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Abolition Petitions— Mr. By num. «
251
Hr of Reps.
rabie member at stake that should excite and agi-
tate him on this subjeei?   Is his house in danger
of the incendiary's  torch?   Are his fireside an!
bonseholi denies in peril of midniiht insurrection?
Are his -rife atd children hourly at the mercy of the
black assassins, who are in>tisated by these discus-
sions to acts of murder?   Has he so early forgotten
the b'oody scenes of Southampton, that have so re-
cently passed in aneighbonngState? Canhesippose,
and «ill it be ashed of them, that those who are
daily subject to the reacting of such a scene on
them, shall, like him, Icok rold'yon these bloody con-
sequences?   Has the gentlemen, and others, given
a moment's reflection en the incomparable differ-
ence in the condition of the paites whom he invites
to this discussion?   Have gentlemen «undescended
to compare the d.fference, in interest and feelings,
which must of necessity exist between the two par-
ties on this subject   Have the?, will ihey, compare
the enormous arrogance, and the tresspasses about
being made by one party, wi'h the humble attitude
of defence assumed and resolved en by the other?
Sir, on the one side every thing exists that can
arouse, and excite, ard inflame, a man of sensibility,
or of bonor; while, on the oiher side,  there is no-
thing but religious superstition, ignorance, or wan-
tonness, or a thirst for mischief, that should excite,
agitate, or inflame any   man, except the deep
detestation of the attempts of a fanaticism, ihat is
fraught with such incalculable disasters to the hu-
man race?   Well may gentlemen on the other
side, therefore, affect a serenity of temperament on
this subject, unknown to those who are so much
more deeply interested in the discussion than them-
selves.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] contends that all this agitation and strug-
gle is carr eJ on merely fir ihe right of petition.
Can gentlemen be candid who make such asser-
tions? For the right of petition! Why, sir,
who denies that ? Is there a solitary one
m this House, either Whig or Democrat? No,
sir! no sir! not one of either party, where
the prayer could be granted and carried out in con-
formity with the letter, spirit, and requisitions ot
ihi* Constitut-on. The entire rights that we exer-
cise here as Representatives, are conMitutional, and
none o hers. Can we then justifiably entertain a
proposition directly subversive of those rghts, and
remim faithful to the Constitution ? I defy you to
take the first step in the execution of the object* of
your p-tttions, without blowing into atoms every
fragment of that glorious mstrament, under the au-
thority of which we have alone convened here.
What, then, is it but treason to every article of
that sacred compact, that you do in entertaining
lb  subject, which, the most stupid is now ready to
admit, must annihilate its very existence? Hence
the inconsistency in the positions taken by ihe gen-
tlemen on the oppcsite si4e, to me is wholly írre-
conci'eable with every principle of reason, and
equally so with any fair construction of your
Constitution.
But,sr, I will not argue the right of petition
farther, as I will *how before taking my seat,
that it is used here, as well as elsewhere, as a
mere catch ana humbug, to amuse and delude the ig-
norant into toils of revolution and blood. No man
believes hen, nor any intelligent one abroad, that
the right of petition is, or ever has been, in danger
by the action of this House; and it is used only as a
mere fialfonn upon which the Abolitionists and their
political friends wish to stand to burl their firebrands
of revolution and desolation at the sacred temple
of your Constimtion. It is a deception that they
are attempting to play off upon the ignorant acd
credulous, to conceal the absurdity of their attempts
aad the enormity of their projects. No, sir, their
object never has been to vindicate the right of pe-
tition. They do not say so in scarcely any or raeir
reports or resolutions adopted by their different
meeting*; and it is used here to sustain them for
want of any cher plausible argument, and as the
only one thatgentiemen can excuse themselves by,
for appearing here as their apolegi«ts The whole'
attempt, therefore, I look upon as not less farcical
than hypocritical, which has teen clcrly evinced to
my mind, by the remarks 0f nearly every member
that has addnssed, the House in favor of the peti-
tion's. Not a speech have >hey made, scarcely, after
telling us that the r object was merely to defend the
right of petition, before ihey have launched out on
the evils of slavery—'he inexpediercy of i s exist-
ence, and ihe necessity of its  nitre abolition; with
the vilest denunciations a°ainst our institutions,
where it istolera«d,in which Iheir whole feelings
upon the subject have been satisfactorily,lo my mmd
at least, developed; and I had only legret'ed ihat
gentlemen had not the baldness t > come out and
declare their true positions upon the subject open-
ly and freely.
The gen leman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
says that we should not only rective ihe^e pe ition*,
but that ^ey should b<  read,  referred, reported
upon, and discussed.   Yes, a'l this to be don? to
ol^erve a  form, when it is admit'ed by all ihít it
is impo-s'hie now to grant the prayers of the peti-
tioners.   Why  such   a   sacrifice of substance to
nvr' foim?    If our minds are pet fee ly ma<te up
oa ihm subject, as all  ate ready to acknowled:e;
why, f"r the sake of this mere form, keep up thi-.
citation, at the sacrifie of thai substance, that
can alone hold together an hour, the now freest
Government  on  earth?   Can   such  a course be
sanctioned    by   any   enlightened    man   living?
But, say these gentlemen,   our people  (meamos
Abolitionists) only  wish to disru-s this question
with you.  Where the reason for consuming time in
discussing, when  the   minds of  one   party   are
irrevocably made  up, of which, again and again,
the oih°r party  has been told.    This, too, how-
ever, is not what ihey say in  their vaiious resolu
tions, essays, and  reports.    They speak in t^em a
very different language;  they declare in tenes of
thnn er, their object to be Abolition, and  univer-
sal emancipation; when   their  instruments   h" re
declare, that they only contend for the right of
petition, and desire discussion,  showing a total
variance  in the declaiat'ons of their ad'ocates
here, and those set forth by themselves.    There is
mystery in this, not to be  overlooked by those
most interested in this subject, at.disenoush to create
a suspicion, that there is something foul in the e
professions, in the breast of tne most unsu'-pert ng
among us.    Is there no strftazem m all  th's;fii>t,
to get this subject legitimately on this floor aid the
right of discussing it here  acquirsced in; and,   by
discussintr and derating it, the  right of adjudicat-
ing it acknowledged by this House?    Is it hy this
stealthy process, ihat the Ab 1 tion sts seek to ins nu-
ate their deadly poison wiihin  the walls of your
Capitol?   Is it by such means that they are to gain
entrance, and get ihsir right to abolish  slavery
acknowledged on the floo'S of Congees*?    Sir, I
implore Southern gertlemel to mark theissiduous
progress of this bloody cloud that is now rism?,
and threatens to pour out its unhallowed content?
upon our devoted country.
We were told a few days ago by the honorable
member from New York, [Mr. Granger,] and it
whs rei'erated in subs'ance by the gent'eman from
Massachusetts, ihat the North had rizhts, and
dare maintain them. What, sir, was the mean-
in  of this? What rights of the North have
been threatened or invaded by ihe South? None,
sir; none. The South knows too well i's own
rights and their value, lo invade those of others.
This, fir, was a most unfortunate declaration,
coming from the source it does, and will have
the effect to open the eyes of every Southern
man in the nation. What rights have that
gentleman's constituents to the South that they
know or dare maintain ? Is this the insinuation,
at last leaked out, that he and bis constituents
have a r>ght to the slave properly in the South?
Is this his meaning? Then I can only say in
ihe language of a greater man, "Come and take
them," and we will endeavor to give >ou a hearty
welcome. Sir, the South wishes to meddle with
ne right of the North—she desires noihmg but
friendship and brotherly love, the preservation of
our Union, and the continuance of a liberal inter-
course between us; but if the contpst is to come,
that has been intimated by the honorable member,
let me say to him, as brave, as gallant as may
be his constituents, he will find spirits to the
South as bra7e and as gallant a: they dare be,
and with a cause in defsn.ee of their homes and
firesides so just, that infants would ri>e from
their crailts to do battle to repel a plundering
foe. If these projects are persisted in, "to this
complexion it must come at last"—and the honest
hea' ted people of each section of country cannot
know it too soon, who lute dream at this time
that a dire project is en foot, by which they aré
to imbue their hands in their brothers' blo<d.
Yes, sir, the actors in this scene would keep dark,
until, by exciting one portion of your countrymen
against the other, they gradually and impercepti-
bly prepare the minds of the most innocent and
unsuspecting people of each section of country
for the execution of their ruthkss and diabolical
purposes.
I wi 1 not reply to the remaiks about the abuse
that is poured upon us by the English periodi-
cals and penny pests that has been alluded to by
the honorable memter last up, from New York,
[Mr. Hunt.] Their abuses against our institu-
tions, that recognise slavery, cannot be greater
than it has ever b en against Ihe very form of
our free Government, and our free Republican
m«t tutii ns; nor less than it is against our religion
and morals. From the subjects and vassal  of
kings and despots, Americans should ntver look
for compliments. Sir, they owe us no good will,
and it is the height of folly, I have ever learned,
to receive counsel from an enemy.
But if one thing can be more laughable than
another, it is in the drc'ara ion of the gentleman
[Mr Hunt] who addres ed the House on this sub-
ject last. I had long listened at the remarks of
that honorable member, as I had to all that had
preceded him on that side of the question, in en-
deavoring to explain, if possible, what their real
object was, and what thev really desired to effect,
by the course that they wished this body to pursue
in relation to ties  petitions: who has, finally,
aft'r laboring n arly three hours, concluded by
telling us that they, and the whoV subjiC, ousht to
be given *n charge "of him'" of Massacnusetts [Mr.
Adams] to make such a report as he thought fit
and proper on this subject. Yes, this is the novel
idea, the modest request, that has just been mad--by
an honorab'e member on Ihe opposite S'de. Is it
posnb'e to j.t any sane man can believe that the
South could be thus cajoled into submission to
such an set? Why not say place them in the
bands of "Aim" from Vermont [Mr. Sladb] at
oncp, and effect an entire surrender of every thing
ihat is dear to a Southern man into the hands of
hose that they have 'ong been tauiht to believe
were their deadliest enemies on earn? Sir, I feel
humbled that it did not meet wnh the deep detesta*-
tu n of every Southern man on its utterance. What
man, who would assent to such a proposition here,
would dare return to the South and meet the frowns
of his insulted and betrayed constituents? Do gen-
tlemen believe that a report from such a source,
however satisfactory to Abolition sts, would be re-
ceived as satisfactory to the South and the West?
What! a report from a man, although he may be
as pureas the íceles that are now hanging down
from the domes of this magnificent edifice, or, with
a heart as spotless as the b eachng snow that not?
covers the purlieus of ^our Capitol, could rtrndure
nothing, at this time, after what has recently trans-
pTed here, that could be received without exciting
ihe greatest distrust m the mind of every man
south of the Potomac! A report from one who we
have been taught.from earliest infancy, was the great
natural enemy rf every thing that is Southern, to
be received by them as satisfactory, is a thing that
proves conclusively, to me, that the gentlemen ate
entirely uninformed upon the subject on which they
have spoken, and knoar but title, indeed, of the
true characters of those whom they have presumed
to instruct upon this great question of national
policy.
The honorable member from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Biddle,] too, has come forward with great jdaosi-
bilny, and apparent candor, to advise *nd in*trJ1.ot
ihose that have resisted the introduction and dis-
cussion of those petition*. He has given ns a his-
tory of his last canvass, in which he has Daen
pleased to inform us that he took ground gainst
the Abolitionists, and sustained hunsein bn that
the course we, have pursued here, in refasing to.
