Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
26th Covg"-1st Skss.
abolition Petitions—Air. Bynum.
H. of Reps.
this subject? What pledgets it thai he has not
complied with, to the letter, ih.it he has ever made
to the American people 1 I defy calumny itself to
point to one.
Such, then, is the evidence that the South has
for believing him sound on this great and para-
mount subject Such is their justification for sus-
tainining him without fear upon this subject. Such
is the evidence in relation to his own personal and
political course; and I here ask and demand to
know, if any there are that now think it unsatis-
factory? It will not do for tlum now to say that
he does not deny the constitutional right to inter-
fere in the District—when their idol, Mr. Clay, is
a fathom more deeply committed in its favor than
Mr. Van Buren, who admits tl.ere a'e obligations
equally biading on him against interference as his
constitutional obligations would be.
Having considered what Mr. Van Buren his
said and dose on this subject, I will now show
what his friends who sustain him have said and
done. Yes, sir, and have been said and done on
this floor, in the hall of the Congress of the United
States. Yes, I will'not, by denunciation, or de-
clamation, endeavor to show, but will do it by an
exhibition of the records of this House, that no
man will dare dispute, what course has been pur-
sued heie in relation to this subject, by what
their opponents have been pleaded te call Van Buren
Democrats. I will commence with the history of
the subject since the formation of the present parties.
up to which time, the subject of Abolition had
never been eors>dered, or seriously entertained by
this body. But before 1 proceed with this exposi-
tion of the recorded facts, which have taken piare
here, before our own eyes, by the parties, many of
whom are still present, and now with us, I must
beg to notice one further remark made by the hono-
rable member from New York, [Mr. Hunt ] who
immediately preceded me in this debate; and here I
will take the occasion to say, that the same trick,
¿&sengenuousness,andhypocri teal design,seem to have
characterized the speeches of nearly every gentle-
man, whether from the North < r from the South, of
that party, who have addressed the House on this
subject. It seems >o have been the seuled plaa of
the party, or they have adopted it with a unifor-
mity that excludes alt supposition of its occurring
by accident, of arraigning the Democratic paity,
and denouncing tbem for attempting to make, as
they are pleas  d to call it, political capital out of
the subject of Abolition, while, sir, there has not
been one of them who has rpoken on that side, who
has not attempted to produce the impresión that
the Democrats were the Abolitionists, and the
Whigs deserved great credit for the noble ¿tand
that they had taken on the subject. This, sir, was
the intended sauce for our Southern palate, while,
in the next breath, if he was a Northern Whig par-
ticulaily, he would inveigh and rant most furiously
against the denials by the Democrats to the Ncr h
and Sooth of the most holy and sacred right of pe-
tition. This, sir, was their sauce for the palates of
the fanatics of the Not th. While thi  game has
been carried on by the Abolitionists and their advo-
cates on this floor, the Southern wing of the same
party have invariably risen and den mnced, in the
most unmeasured terms, those Democrats of the
Nonh who have dared to come firward to
take one step towards the maintenance of
the rights of the South, by voting for such
reolmiens as the South might consider safe,
while they pass unnoticed, and frequently
with fulsome compliments, those very Noithern
Whigs and Abolitions , from whom they cannot
get a vote even for any one of their own propos'-
tions:notone step taken by them against Aboli-
tionists. By such means have Southern Whi^s
endeavored to draw ofT from the support of such
measures as ihe South felt disposed to adopt for
her own fecurity; and to excuse themselves to the
Sooth for such a coarse here, they profts* to be in
favor of the most ultra measures for Southern insti-
tutions; measnies that they believed no man living,
not in a slaveholding Sia'e, dare to for, and by
this manoeuvre (to make political capital them-
selves) draw off the only men who hive dared to
s-and by the South at all, and confound them with
the whole body  of the Abolitionists—their own
friend.-—the Whig party of the Nonh. This is
the game now playei4 here, tu the deadly injury of
every Smthem interest; a gaire that now has be-
come as e'ear to the eye of every intellectual in-
telligent man as noonday; a sophistry and decep-
tion too flimsy, let me tell these gentlemen, to
escape the penelraiian of any plain practical dis-
cerning man. Sir, so barefaced have these prac-
tices become since the recent events of a certain
convention, (ponting towards Harrisburg,) that it
is difficult tor a Southern man to rise in h>s place
here, -and complain of the injustice done by these
petitioners to their institutions, without getting
around his ears a swarm from the southern win?
of a certain party. Can it he that these men are
so exceedingly blind, as to flatter themselves that
by ftui/jiin* and their adroitness in debate, they can
excuse this conduct before an uustduced and un-
corrupted people?
Sir, let me say to these gpntlemen that such a
course is at the sacrifice of the dearest rights and
interests of the South; and if ihey ever succeed
with their ul ra measures, they will have to rely
alone for that success onjhe votes of th se very
men of the North who are the daily theme of their
bitter denunciation. And how then will they re-
concile this course with the gratitude that every sin-
cere friend of the South must owe this party—
something of which 1 propose to "-how by the jour-
nals, before I dismiss the subject1?
But to the gentleman from New York, whom I
promised to notice once more. Tint gentleman,
af'er repudiating all intention of making political
capi'al out of this subject, be ore he concluded,
endeavored, to identify the Abolitionists with the
Democratic party. And, sir, how? it is a fault
common to his party, JNorth, South, East, and
Wei-t. By individualizing cases! When we speak
of societies, communities, whole parties, and con-
ventions, and o.her assemblages of men, we are
answered, as the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Hunt] has done, by telling us of particular indi-
viduals, who are Abolitionists, that are Democrats.
The gen'leman has told us that Gerrit Smith U a
Democrat, and a man by the name of Woodel, if I
m,ktike not. I unders ood him to say that this
Soijth had been put in nomination by the I'emn-
cratii-, pirty for United States Senator. I have
since understood, from the highest authority, that
th'S was the art of one man alone, and was done
entirely for ridicule—that the party never dreamed
of such a th ng. And this has been ea:erly se'zed
on here, by several—not to make po'ittcal capital
of; oh no!—but to meniion it merely as a circum-
stance.
Mr. Fillmore said he aid not understand his colleague
[Mr. Hunt] as saying that Mr. Smith had been put in nomina-
tion fay the Democratic party. He understood him as sa> ing
that he had been put m nomination by a member from the
county of Otsego, (who had been run as Speaker by th.it par-
ty,) and that that gen teman had moved that the nam* ofGeirit
Smith be inserted in the bill as a proper person to be support
ed for United States Senator.
Mr. Prentiss, by the permission of Mr. B made the fol-
lowing explanation of the case referred to above. Mr. P. sa id
Mr. Hunt, of New York, in h,s remarks of yesterday, refer-
red lo the fact that Mr. Levi S Chatfield, who represents the
county of Otsego, in the Assembly of that State, had moved is
insert the name of Gerrit Smith, a leading Abolitionist, in abut
appointing a United States Senator, and spoke of it as an evi
dence that the Democrats of the North favored that interest,
Mr. Chatfield being, he said, a prominent member of that par-
ty, and its candidate for Speaker of the body of which hi is a
men ber.
Mr P. a'ked leave to <ny a w*rd in reply to the imputation
upon Mr. Chatfield of being an Abolitionist. He said ihat Mr.
C. was one of his constituents, and that the gentleman fn m
New York [Mr. Hunt] had spoken truly when he pronounced
him to lie a man of talents and influence. Mr. P. knew him
well, and could assure the House that he was a Democrai;
and one, too, who hail been a uniform opponent of Abolition-
ism, not only in the county ef O segó, but m the Legislative
Hall of his State, where the Democrats had sent him for
the last two years to look after their inteiests. In the
preliminary action of the Assembly on the question ot
appointing a Senator, Mr. Chatfield having been called
on to nominate a^candidate, named Eben B. Morehouse,
who is a resident of the same town where my home
is, and who has, on every suitable occasion, repudiated Aboli-
tion doctrines and sentiments; but in the further progr. ss of the
question, a bill was introduced for consummating the appoint-
ment, and Mi. C. finding that the Whigs were determined that
no other name but that of Na'hamel P. Tallmadse should be
inserted in it, and after the names of Albert If. Troy and Ad-
dibon Gardner, two distinguished gentlemen of the opposite po-
litics, had been rejected, moved that of Gerrit Smith, as a sort
of burlesque upon the whole proceeding, which was carried on
in such "hot haste" as to break over all the rules of legislation,
the majority even refusing to print the bill which so'emnized
the marriage banns between Whigery and Conservatism.
Mr. B. said this bad terminated just as he had
expected when he reard it fall from the lips of the
gentleman from New York It was so perfectly in
charact-r with the statements which that party are
in the daily habit of making upon every subject
that they touched, that it never made th? least im-
pression on his mind, as to its truth. He was so
accustomed to their idle and ridiculous statements
that they seldom ever gave him much pain. The
gentleman, too, contradicted himself before he got
through wkh his story. He told us that Smith was
stopped from his lectures in Utica by the Demo-
cratic mob, and he was compelled to retire to his
own residence, some dis'ance from the town, to
efilct hts object; which showed, clearly, what a fa-
vorite he and his doctrines were wtih the Democratic
party there. Now, he doubted very much if Smith
hirmelf was not a Whig; he had heard so, at least.
0 her instances might be cited of Abolmonists be-
ing in the Democrat c party, he had no doubt.
Sir, I daie say there are hundreds, perhaps thou-
sands of Abolitionists in the Democra'ic party.
No man ha< ever doubted but that there were some;
nor that there were Federalist* in that pirty;
and members of every other denomination; Qua-
kers, Baptists,Methodists, Preshjtenans, Episcopa-
lians, Ca'holic*, and Jews, if you please. This
no man has ever undertaken to deny. Sir, there
ever will be good and bad in all churches—back-
sliders and hypocrite1-; and it is the same wnh par-
ties. Bat the. characters of such churches, *o¡ne-
ties, and parties, are only effected seriously by
such, until a majoiity of their members are proven
to be of su"h materials, and in their proportion to
the whole body. My design is not, therefore, to
speik of individual instance^, upon which so much
stress is laid by the opposite party, not only here,
but throughout the country, where they have at-
tempted to confound the parties for political effect
anddeception; and which has rendered it so indis-
pensably necessary (for a fair understanding of
their position and relation) that the whole his'ory ef
the courss that each of the partus have pursued,
as bodies, parties, and societies, should be ejh>bi-
tedd, as it s'ands on the unalterable reccrds and
journals of ihe House. Sir, I will not s'oop to
d> al in "as 1 am 'nformed, and as I have heard."
Such evidence does not become tins, or any other
deliberative body, upon so grave a subject. Up to
the time of 1834, 1835, and 1836, this subject had
produced but little excitement in any part of this
country. The abolition of slavery m the West
Indies, by the Eng'ish, first put this ball in
motion in th s country, through those who
so much admired English institutions, who
readily seized on the religious fanaticism of
our Noithern brethren, who are known to be ex-
ceed ingly inflammable, from the influence which
their priests and ministers exercise over them
throughout that section of country, in some parts
of which, o'd England hersplf is not more prietl-
i tilden; and I doubt much .f the whole project is
not of English birth, brought into ¡hi* coumry, and
nurtured through the affiliation of both thethurches
of England and America; and it is henea noth ng
more nor les- than a covert religious ervsadr,
against our Government, our Un on, and our
liberty. Look you, sii, at evtry peiitiun in
every public meetirg or convention, and you
will fin I the very "tar rmrks" of ministerial
instrumentality nearly in every Hep and thing that
has been taken and Cone on this subject; and who
are now entering into the political arena of this
country, and entwining ihem«e ve3 around one or
the other of the great political parties of the nat on.
My who e object now, by reference to these facts,
is to show by wh'ch pariy they have been most
countenanced and sustaiced upon this fluor; that
the American public may be abuse 1 no longer by
the most odious misrepreNentations of paitmn po-
Inicians and party presses. To these facts, I
earnest'iy invite the att.n'ion of every member of
the House, and every American cnizen ont of it,
that would be informed on the subject. Here are
ihe rtco ds, the resolutions, and propositions, and
the names recoided, of those that sustained, and
those that opposed them:
Twenty-fourth Conirress, journals of the House of Represen-
tatives. J^nuaiy 6, 1836, paae 141.                  ...  . .v. ,„„
Mr. Jabvis [a Pemocrat from Maine] submitted the follow-
ing, vis:
