2o4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cowo«.«l8T Skss.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Bynurtu
Jan. 1840.
H of Reps.
Jtfoirtd. Thar, in the opinion of this House, the subject of
the abolition of alav-nv in the Distr.u of Columbia ought not
to be rmertau ed t>v Consress.
And be it further resetted, That in case any petition prav-
in^ the abotrwnol slavery in the District of Columbit, be
nereat er presented, it i> the deliberate opinion ot this House
that the «ame ought to be laid upon the table without being re
ferrad or printed
The resolution being read,
A motion wa« made by Mr John Quincy Adams, that the re-
■oluiion do lie on the table
This cioiioa was equivalent to a rejattion, and
was so understood bv Congress.
And the question being put, it was decided in the negative—
jeMCe.navsm.
Mr. B. read the names of those in the affir-
mative. Of these 66, there were 13 Democrats, 53
Whigs, and not a Southern Democrat among t
them; of that number thire are 12 Southern
Whigs.
Ob the 13th of January, paje 177,
*"Mr larri  modified his re«o>uuon so as toread as follows-
Wl. .tasany attempt in the House to agitate the question of
slavery is calculated to disturb the co npiomises ot the I onstt-
tntton, to endanger theTJaiop, and u persisted in, to destroy the
peace and pmspeuty ol ihe counuy; therefore,
Itttoltud, Tu.it, n the opinion ol this House, the subiect of
the abolition of slarery in the District of Columbia, ought not
to be entertained by Congress; and it is further
lletolred. That in cas«i any petition, praying for the abolí
Uon of slavery in the Dis net of Columbia, be hereafter pre
tented, it la the deliberate opinion of the House, that the s.:me
ought tobe laid *n the table, w thout beiwr referred or printed
A. motion war made by Mr Chilton Allen, (Whi?,) th it
the said tesolution and amendments pending thereto, do lie on
the table, and the question being put, it «as decided m the nega
Uve—yeas 58, nays 155
Ot these fiiiy-eght, there weie ten D mocrats
seven Southern Wfligs, no Southern Deniocias
amoflist them.
Page 235, January 25th. Mr Jiirs Qüxncy Adams offered to
Introduce an Abolition petition, and moved that u be received.
A motion was made by Mr Miller, (Demo rat.) lh \t lbs mo-
tion that the petition be received do lie on the tab'e, and the
question betn; put, that the House do agree to the motion
mide by Mr Muj.sk, it passed lu the afhrma.ire—yeas 149,
DATS 45.
Oi the  forty-five nay«, there were but five De-
mocrat , two Southern VYhigs, and no Southern
Democrat.
This was as near a rejection of the question of
reception as could well have been, and answered
a'l practical purposes. On 4th ot February, Jour-
nal, page 280, Mr. Pinckney of South Cat olma in-
troduced thi-  resolution:
Retotvrd, That all tl.e memoihls which ha e been effererl,
OT may hereafterbe presented, to this House, praying for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Co'umbia, and also the
resolutions offered by the honorable m ruber from Maine [Mr
JtBVIS) with an amendment thereto, proposed by an honora >le
member from Virginia, [Mr WisB,l "d every o her paper or
proposi ion that may be submitted in relation to tnat sutij el
be referred toa Select Comm ttee with instt actions to r  p it—
That Congress rossesses no constitution d autho-uy >o inter-
fere, in any wav, with the institutions of Slav ry in any ot the
8tate*of ihis Confederacy; and tint, in the opinion of this
House, Congress ought not to interfere, in anyway, with^'a^e-
ry in the District of Columbia, becatibe it would be a violation
o( the public faith, unwise, impoli ic, and danscroue to the
Union; assigning such reasons for these conclusions as, in the
judgment of the committee, may be best calculated to enlighten
the public mind, to repress azitanon, to allay excitement, to
tusaix and preserve the just rights of the slaveholdin  states,
and of the people of this Di.inrt, and to establish harmony
and tranquillity among the var.ous sections of the Union
A m-  ion to su pend the rule- ot ihe House, lo
introduce these reao utions, was los1 by a vote of
121 to 75. There not bring twu-tt irds, the mn'u ij
was lost. On the 8 h of February, ("age 305.) Mr.
Pincknet renrw^d the moiun to suspend ihe rules
of the House, to inr.iduce the «-ame rrsdutum;
and the question bang put, the rubs weie sns
pe«d«d, two thirds vot n  t«r it, yfas 135, navs 65.
0. these G5, there were 9 Democrats.
[Mr. Priggs of Mas-achusetts tad there were
mo e than 9 t'e-nocrat  ]
Mr.  B.  rvpif-d, there ttee,  if the genile-nan
counted the Nalli&er<=, but at that time that patty
were acting a¿£insl the Democrats ard  o'~ course
he did Bot leel  him<elf authonzed 11 rank ihem
with us.   A moticn wai made to take the rotes
upon  each separate  preposition:  the resolu1 on lo
refer to a committee, passed by a vote of 174 to 48
I   voted   myself  pgamst   the   first   ie<o'uion   to
refer   to   a  commitife,   with   47   othrr  Son ri-
era   men.    In   reading   Mr.   B's   own   name,
agaimt    this    resolution,    there    was   a  con-
siderable   langh.     Mr. B.   said, he thought   at
first, Ibere must have been a mis ake that he voted
for the resolution*; but being informed that the
vote was opon the first roolu i«n for a reference
to acommiteé that be was reading, he said then,
that his name was recorded right—that he had al-
Trnys been opposed to referring thebe petitions, as
an isolated preposition.    He, however, had voted
ftr ine whole body ot the resolutions.
Well, tl.e next vote was on the second branch
of the resolutions, in the-e words:
With instructions to report that Congress possesses no consti
tutional authority to inti rfere, in anv way, with the institutions
of sla% ery in any of the S ates of this Confederacy.
Asai'ivt thu part ol the resolution there was but
one Democrat and six Whigs.
Mr. B. called the particular attention of the
Hou^e to ihe vote on the next division of th* resolu-
tions; and to it he invited the attention of 'every
Southern man in ih'S country. It developed a fact
abr ut whuh there could be no lot ger quibbling, and
theie was no other evidence that would piare more
elearly ihe parties in their proper positions in this
Hou*e. The direct to e teat upon the branch of
the resolutu n, in these words:
That m the opinion of this Fouse, Congress ought vot to
interfere m any uay triM slat cry tn the JDisliut of Co
¡umbta.
Here s r, is a direct vote upon the preposition, that
has so much distrae eJ the people ot this country,
and is the fir t darling object that ihe Abolitionists
thtroseltes wish to acct mplt'h, an i it i^ need ess
for any man to tell me, who has voted agair st this
direct j reposition, ihat he is no Abolitu n st, and
that he d es not lend him>elf to ihem. Upon this
d.rect preposition, the qtte-tion wa<, shall ihis p>rt
of the resolution pas-; and vo*es were—a}es 163,
navs 47.
Of these forty-seven, there were but five Demo-
crats, leaving lerty-two Whigs amtngst whom,
th're was not a man from any slatelioldmg State.
[Cries Irom bt th s dj«, read th-ir names, read their
names; read ihem ou¡; let us hear.] Mr. B. said
loath? would do so:
Page 213 Those who voted in the negative are
Messrs John Quincv Adams, Heman \llen, .leiemiah Bailey,
John Banks William K Bond, Nathaniel B Boiden, George
N Bin  1  Win B Calhoun, Geoige Chambers, Timothy
Child* William Clarfc, Thonna Corwin, Caleb Cufhing Edw
Dirlington, Hamer D«.nny, George Evans Horace bverett,
Phd > C Tuller, Franu* Grai ger, Gu eon ll^rd, Abner Ilazei-
ttne. Wi 1 am If ta-er. San uel Hoir,Hi am P Hunt, Jo-tph.
R Inger oil William Jiclcon, Henry F J mes, Abbott Law-
rence,* George W Lay, Levi Lincoln, Thomas C Love,
Sdmp"on Ma^in, Jonathan MrCtr y, T ornas M T McKen-
nan Mat las M irrta James Pother t Dutee J P'arce, Ste
pnen Phi'lip", David Poo?, jr John Reed, David Ituisell. Jo-
nit'i->n "iioan, Wilaam Sprngve.jr Samuel F Vinton, Tay-
lor \lebs er, and Kits' a Whiulesey
What should any impart al mind deúre more to
convmre it <i the ptsition and tendencies ol the
paries tow lefore the country than this vote upon
the dirrct que tion between the South and the Abo-
litionists? Frrty three Whiss out of f< rty-seven
vo'ing Egam^t this o r^et pr< portion, fgati st the
int r crence, by the Abolitionists, w th the rights cf
the pcop'e ot the Suutb; and. sir, singular is it to
Hi, at thai time that number constituted a large
majority of the whol« Whig vo e from the non-
s avth"ld ng¡states in this House.
Such, sir, are t>e recorded facts on your jour-
nals Can ihe> be explained away by the brilliancy
of ta'eftt, or the cunning and ingenuity of man?
Here Í mi?ht rest this subject; but there is more to
come of equal force, and the who'e facts relative to
this ma ter ¡>re den-ianled, bj every sacred it.terest,
to be known, and I ain determired, as far a> I am
able, to p-ts nf them to the public. The next part
o  the r^vo tun n is in thece wt r s-
Becitt-e it would be a violation of public faith, unwise, impo-
litic, ond dan5eious to the Union
F r this proposi i hi, ayes 127, n^s 75 Of
the^e 75 n-us, there we.e 23 Dem era's, 52 Wl ig-;
among whom there is no Demicrai Irom the South,
an 1 but 4 S «nth rn Whigv.
Th* remainder of the resolution was in Ihese
word':
Assigning stirh reasons for these conclusions as, in thejudg-
ment ol the commute , may be l e t calculated to enlighten the
public mind, to allay exctt m( nt, to represeagitatlon, to secure
and maintain the lust nirhwof the slaveholdingStates.antl of the
people of this Distuct, and restore harmony and tranquillity
amongst the various sections of this Union.
Andpas<fdia the affirmative—ayes 167, nays 6.
[Mr. Hubbard of Alabama asked that the names
of the six tie read ]
Mr Btndm.   Sir, T will do *o.
Those who voted in the negative are—
Messrs   Heman Allen. Geoige Eians, Stephen C Philips,
William Ttcksoi, Abbott Lawrence, Jonathan Sloan—6."
All Wtilgs.
*Kow eulog zed by Southern men
tNames oí the Democrat  italicized,
This closes the ación of the House upt.n the
adoption of the P>nrkney resolution":.
On ihe 18th of May, page 84 6, Mr. Pmckney
mad  his repoit from ihe select committee a p.
pointed under the resolutions I have just read.
This report, after an able argument, concluded by
recommending the adoption of three resolutions:
1   Resolved, That Congress possesses no constitutional au-
thonty to inttrlere in any wty with the institution of slavciy m
any of the Sntes of this Conlederacy
2   Resolved, That Congress ought not to interfeie m any
way with slavery in the District ol Columbia
3   Resolved, That all petitions memorials, propositions,
resolution*, or papers relating in any wav, or to any extent
whatever, to the subject ol slavery, or the abolition ol slavery,
snail, without beir g either printed oi referred, be laid upon the
table, and that no fui thcr action whatever shall be had thei eon
The vi te upon the hrst resolution was passed
by inly n ne opposing it, beginning with John
Quincy Adams and closing \uih William Slade—
no Demon at among ihem. The $ cond rt solution,
which brought up atain the immediate question
now beftre u-, and which is in ihese word^ as I
have just read,
Resoled That Congress ough' mi to inteijere in any
%cay teith slavery inthe Dibtuct of Cilumbia,
Wav passed by the toiiowitig to e: jea" 132, nays
45, as recorded on page 881.    The najs I wil> read
for the information of the House and the ountry.
Savs the the journal-
Those who vo ed in the negative are
Mc^sis Heman Allen, Jeremiah Bailey, William K Bond,
Na haniel Boiden, Geoige W Bnggs, William B Calhoun,
John Carr George Chambers, Timo hy Clnlds, William Clark,
Cileb Cushmg, Harmer Dennv, Iloiare Everett, Philn Fuller,
Geor2eGrinne|l,Hiland Hall, Guitón Hard, Samuel Harrison,
Abner Hazekine, Joseph Hen ers >n Willnm Heister, S Hoar,
Jonathan McCarty, Thoma M T McKeni in, Mathus Morris,
James Parker, Htephen Philips David P >tts, |r John Reed,
David Rn«-.eli, William Slade, William Sprague Samuel F.
Vinton, Elt-ha Whittlesey, Hiram P Hunt, Joseph Inaersoll,
William Jark«on Henry F Jones, Benjamin Jones, Daniel
Kilfore,. Amo  Law, Abbott Lawrence, Joshua Lee, Levi
Lincoln Sampson Mason *
Amongst these names, there are six Democial*;
there may be one or two moie, or less. My object
has been to show the course that has been persued
by the great body < f ihe two part e< upon this mo-
mentous subject. Now, sir, ihe Noitnern wine of
the Whig party, at that time, ntver amounied to
seventy representa ive-; I do not think there were
more then than fifty-five or sixty. The majority of
that wing then went invariably asairut every mea-
sure thai wa> passed in opposition to the vi¿v s anl
obj^ctis of the Abolitionists.
The third and last rc-olution, passed by a vote
of 117 to 68, some of the Southern member* voting
against it, believing it admitted the neht of recep-
tion—of ihe 68 there were 22 Democrats; the in-
crease was caused by their hostility to the reception
of the petitions. Thus concluded the action of this
body upon the subject of Abolition in the fuM  es-
sion of the 24'h Congress; upon which I leave it to
ihe Ameiican people and an impprtial wor'd lo
make tie comment. Sir, what must be the verdict
of the Sou h and Southwest, in examining th s evi-
dence, who have been so much insulted and abus-
ed by the ímpisiuons and mi^repreacntat ons that
h^ve been so long played off t n them, by the.r art-
ful poln cans and treacherous public presse 1 Bat
it is for ihem to revenge the wrong, and apply the
remedy.
I will now, said Mr. B , call the attention of the
b'xly to the proce dings cf this House upon tbe
same subject, at the 21 sesión of the 24th Con-
giess. You will find, on page 231 of the j >urra!s,
January 18, that Mr. Hawes, of líe i'ueky, intio-
duced the following rest ]u(ton__
Resolved, That all pennons, memorials, resolutions, propo-
sitions, or paper , íeUiing many wav, oi to any ex ent what-
ever, to the subject of slavery, or to the abolition of slaveiy,
shaH!, without being printed or referred, be laid upon the table,
and J.hat no farther ac ion be had thereon.
Mr. Hawe-, fcelore taking h'S seat, cilled the
previous quesiion, which cut < ff all amendments
and d bate; and ihe question teing to taken on its
consideraron under the previous question, I vo'ed
agnnst both, wishing myself to offer a fu ther
amendment, whehwascut < fT, however, by tie
previous question. I uVn voted f. r the re«'lut-on
in its present s^ape, and it ihen passed by ihe fol-
lowing vote—Yeas 129, nays 60.
Of these 69 that voted against this re^o'ution,
there were but 12 Democrats, as they then risked.
Mr. B. again read over the names of those thai
•Mr. Adam  did not vot«;perhap  he was «bsent.
