Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
26th Cokg"«'1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Air. Bynum.
H. of Reps.
fessed to have had the greatest confidence.
Have gentlemen forgotten the speech of
the distinguished Senator from Kentucky,
made during the last sess'on of Congress,
and which was pronounced by his partisans
to have been the most maste ly effort of his lite,
which was published and republished in nearly
every State m the Union? Will those who apolo-
gize an* co-operate here with the Abolitionists,now
say that there were no arguments nor reasons con-
tained and stt forth in that speech to them * Why,
sir, to what have we arrived? In Ihe very face of
these most lucid and convincing arguments and
addresses, which have not been attempted to be
answered nor refuted, (for they are truly unanswer-
able and irrefutable,) gentlemen are found here,
yes, sir, with courage, too, have they, of a kind, to
letl as that the Abolitionists only want reasoning
and argamg with; as yet they have not had argu-
ments and reasons in answer to their petitions.
Sir, can credulity itself confide in such declara-
tions? Do gentlemen, who make them, believe in
them? Or is it intended merely to soothe the way
for the Abolitionists to screen them from the oblo-
quy that attaches it-elf to their real des'gns? Or is
it intended to lull to sleep those innocent men and
women to ihe South, who have so much at stake
in the issue now pending, not only before us, but
the world.
But what to my mind is most singular, those
who would apologize for ths Abolitionists, advance
reasons in extenúa ion of their conduct, the Aboli-
tion'sts contradict by their own showing. While
their friends here are trying to beguile the public,
and get up a panic about the right of petition, (a
thing about which I do not imagine any two men
in the House differ in the main,) the Abolitionists
themselves are putting forth very different doctrines
at home Not a word about the right of paiition
do they speak; they know too well it is used only
as an auxiliary, not as a principal object with them.
I ho'd in my hand the annual report of the Anti-
slavery Sicieiy in Maine. I read from their pro-
ceedings. Hear them, and learn what they say
they are conteading for.   They sayi
Numerous petitions are now flowing in, praying the Legis-
lature to pass resolutions, affirming the right of Congress to
abolish slavery and the slave trade in the District and m Florida,
and to prohibit the slave trade between the States; also, agamst
the annexation of Texas or the admission of any new slave
State into the Union.
The evils of slavery in a political and economical point of view,
enormous as they are, are utterly insignificant, when compared
with those of a moral and religious nature. The committee
cannot, therefore, but regard with deep interest the movements
of the different religious bodies in relation to the cause of the
alive.
ltcannotfar a momentbe doubted, that it is in the power of
the Southern church, understanding by this profession the great
body of professed Christians at the South, to bnrg about the
speedy terrm anon of slavery. We «peak not in exaggerated
terms when we say, thai the Southern church holds in h r
hands the keys of the great prison house of American bondage.
She may, when she pleases, open the doors, and break the
chains of the captives.
Asa general fact, Southern church members are holders of
■laves Yea, even from their own brethren in Christ, they with-
hold the lamp of life, deny them marriage as a legal right, con-
sign them over to concubinage or indiscriminate prostitution,
sell for gain the image of their Lord, and make merchandise of
the purchase of His blood.
Southern Christians and Christian mimsteis stand in the front
rank of the apologists of slavery, side by side with the Cal-
houns, Harpers, and McDuffies of the South They come out,
with their Bibles in their hands, for its defence. They torture
the writings of the prophets and apostles in its support.
The solitary individual, who may, at the South, bear his testi-
mony against its giant iniquity, may be laughed down as a poor
deluded fanatic, as a miserable specimen of moon-struck huma-
nity; or he may be subjected to the inflictions of the code Lynch,
or, in accordance with Senator Preston's murderous threat, be
hung upon the gallows. But this cannot be done with the whole
church.
Here, 6ir, are some of their resolutions. See,
sir, how much they complain of the right of peti-
tion, or of any trespass thereon:
1. Whereas God has said, loose the bands of wickedness, un-
do the heavy burdens, break every yoke, and let the oppressed
go ftee; and whereas the chains which American slavery has
lorged, are bands of wickedness, the burdens this system has
bound on men's necks are heavy, and the yoke it has put on
men's necks is grievous to be borne; and as the Chnstian church
is deeply stained with (he blood of sauls murdered by the de-
mon of slavery,
Resolved, That it is the duty of the Christian church to pu-
rify herself from this foul blot, by discussing fie subject, by pe-
titioning Congress for its abolition, by praying fervently in the
Father of mercies to crown these labors with success, by a fiim,
unyielding zeal, in every constitutional manner, to endeavor to
correct public sentiment at the North, and convince the South
"See, also, an able report of Col. Young, in the New York
Legislature, Febiuary 26,1889,
of the evil of slavery, and the safety of immediate and entire
abolition of this cruel system
2 Whereas the Christian church constitutes that organized
body, through which the light of heaven n reflected upon this
dark world; Therefore,
Resolved, That it is the solemn duty of all its members, and
especially of all its ministers, to cry aloud and spare not against
the system of slavery as existing in the united States, a system
oflegalized theft, robbery, adultery, and murder; and that they
should never hold their peace, Ull this foul blot is washed out of
our American soil.
3. Resolved, That the house of God is a suitable and very
appropriate place for the friends of weeping humanity to speak
out for the dumb, and plead the cause of the oppressed; There-
fore, we consider it anti-Republican and anti-Christian for any
religious society or church to close their house of wor-
ship against the discussion of the heaven daring sin of
slavery.
I pray those peace-loving gentlemen to give me
iheir attention, while I read the following, and say
whether, and how far, they are the coadjutors of
those who put forth these doctrines To this I in-
voke, too, the attention of the whole South, and
ask ihem to weigh it.    Says this report:
Whether the volcanic fires over which the South is now slum-
bering shall be quenched, the elements of a convulsion which
may, at any moment, shake out social fabric to its foundations,
be removed, the overflowing fountain of disunion and civil dis-
cord dried up—whether at the North we shall be released from
our obligations to fight the battle of despotism at the South, and
pouroutour hearts's blood in a cont'oversy, in which, in the
language of Jefferson, the Almighty has no attribute that can
take part with us -whether, as a nation, we shall be exalted by
righteousness in the emancipation of our three millions of
slaves, or presevering in oppression, perish, under plagues
more intolerable than those that laid waste slaveholding Egypt,
the star of our country's glory going down in oceans of blood—
compared with this, thequestion of Bank or no Bank, Sub-Trea-
sury or no Sub Treasury, dwindles into utter insignificance
What is mentioned about the light of petition in
all this? These aie declarations of the Abe'ition-
ists themselves, more honest even than their apo-
logists here, who fabricate excuses for their con-
duct, that they make not themselves. Here they
have told, in no equivocal terms, what they aim
at, what ihey desi e, and what they are determined
to effect with ihelr blood, ihrir treasure, their all—
and he who would longer conceal the«e facte from
the South, is traitorous to every interest that she
holds sacred upon this earth. Let all men look at
his. This is the first declaration of their war.
Let no man be deceived; it is in their own lan-
guage, which admits of no equivocation or pallia-
tion.
But again hear them, in which tbey speak of the
action of this House and its members, and how
they speak of the right of peiiiition—not, however,
as an object in view:
The evident failure of the, justly so called, infamous resolu-
tion of Mr. Patton, to effect the objects proposed in its adoption,
had led to the hope, that a similar outrage upon the humanity
of the country, and the sacred right of petition, would not again
be repeated in Congress. This hope, however, has failed. On
the 12th of December last, a series of iesolutions were pre-
sented in the House of Representatives by Mr. Alherton, a
Northern man with Southern principles, from New Hamp-
shire, embodying some of the most objectionable principles of
the pro-slavery resolutions adopted by the Senate at its session
the preceding year, and terminating with a repetition of the gag
resolution ofMr. Patton
•                    ■*****
Up to this period, the South had been content herself to fur-
nish the leaders, in the infamous war upen the Constitution and
the rights of the citizens of the free States, in support of her
peculiar institution. At the present session of Congress, how-
ever, her tactics were changed. Instead of her own Pinckneys,
and Hawses, and Pattens, she pushed forward, as the ostensi-
ble leader in her nefarious enterprise, one of her white servants
of the North, the dough-faced repi esentative from New
Hampshire.
Here is where the epithets of the dtntgh-factd
Representative from New Hampshire had its origin,
which has been used so much to effect a common
purpose by certain individuals to the South, to aid
in killing off, by degrading them, the only friends
that the South ha* had, who da^e come forward
from the North and take an ope  and bold stand in
favor of the peace, the union of the States, and the
lights of the South. This is the language of the
Abolitionist^, that Southern men have ever ven-
tured to use here; losing sight of all respect for
the South, by mouthing the language of her vileit
enemies in denunciation of those who had dared to
step forward in her defence, in common with our
whole country.
In alludins? to ihe resolutions of Mr. Atherton,
here is what the Abolitionists themselves say.
I commend it to Souihern ears, who have de-
nounced them in such bitter terms, and their au-
thor-:                                                 ,      ,   .
The fifth resolution, to which others are merely preliminary,
is the eae; and is substantially the same with the correspond-
ing om of m Patton    It declares that every petition, memo-
rial, resolution, proposiuon, or paper, touching or relating, in
I any way or to any exteat whatever, to slavery or the aboil-
tion thereof, shall, on presentation thereof, WITHOUT ANY
FURTHER ACTION THEREON, BE LAID ON THETA-
BLK, WITHOUT BEING PRINTED, DEBATLD OR RE-
FERRED.
Yes, sir, this is what the Abolitionists themselves
say of the resolutions introduced into this House,
the last session, by Mr. Alherton, and which have
been denounced os Abolition dough-faced resolutions
by other gentlemen of the South, enough, sir, to
make any Southern man blu*h, who has thus
adopted «be language of these Abolitionists.
Bu*t let us hear more from this source. Says
that report, alluding to Mr. Atherton, and those
Northern Democrats that voted with him:
The names of the recreant sons of New England, who re-
sponded "aye" to this infamous resolution, will be had in last
nig remembrance—they will be remembered with the contempt
due to their base servility, and violation of Republican princi-
ples, in the insane and wicked eflort to prop up, for a Utile lon-
ger, thefalliru fabric of Southern despotism. Verily, they
shall have their reward.
Such, ¡>ir, is trie manner in which thesa men
have been assailed by the Abolitionists, who have
dared to step forward and save your Constitution—
preserve ycur Union, and avert from your nation
the heavy curie of a civil and desolating war.
Hear again their avowah:
It is due to the slave, that we sever at once this link of his
chain; that we give to his cause all the benefit winch may ac-
crue from a Iree, unrestrietedfcommercial intercourse with
Hayti. It is due to ourselves, to spare no effort to prevent the
powers of Congress from being longer perverted to the support
of a system, which is at once our curse ¡,nd our reproach.
The matchless resolution of Mr. Atherton failed te reach the
peuuons tor the recognition of Haytian independence. This
year, they aie referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
to be respectfully laid up in "monumental security." T. ey
will see the light at the next session of Congress, if Abolition-
ists are faithful to their high trust;
No occurrence in the histoiy oi the anti-slavery enterprise,
has produce'1 a deeper sensation, or sent mure consternation
into the ranks of our enemies, than the determination recently
evinced by Abolitionists to carry their principles to the polls.
The effort to sustain si very is the same, at the North and
at the South. It is an effoit to shut out light; to silence reason;
to stiflle conscience; to quench the living fire of sympathy in
the human soul. It is an eflurt to stay the onward inarch of
liberty, to arrest the progress of civilizatior, to frustate the
plans and purposes of Jehovah for the intellectual and moral
elevation of the whole great family of man.
In such a contest, who can doubt which way the victory will
tumi Whatever advantages Ihe slaveholding power may oc-
casionally gain, its destruction is sure. The days of slavery,
with its chains, its whips, its tears of blood, are numbered. To
hasten its downfall, is worthy oui highest efforts as men, as pa-
triots, as Christians. Let us then consecrate ourselves anew
to this great work.
Now, Mr. Speaker, how different are these sen-
timents coming from the Abolitionists themselves;
from those that we hear on this floor; from their
friends? What linle is raid, or seems to have been
thought by them, of the danger of the right of peti-
tion?
They do not intimate even a design to confine
their efforts to the District of Columbia. No: they
take bolder ground; they strike at once at the States
and their institutions, in defiance of your Consti-
tution or) our Union. Why, then, amuse us about
your right of petuon? Why this shallow pretenee,
this idle artiñee, but to deceive and dupe the South,
until you gain more strength to take higher
grounds? Sir, I protest against your whole batch
of false issues, either here or before the people of
the North or the South. The whole object of the
incendiaries is unconstitutional abolition, and which
can be effected only by waging the most bloody
civil war that the world ever s>aw. It cannot be
done by deception or tricks practised on us by the
priesthood. The age is too enlightened to yield to
such arts; and to carry out their projects, men
must cast op the costs, and prepare at once to
meet it—the number of lives, the millions upon
millions of treasures to be spent, and the rivers of
blood lhat most fl<>w before its accomplishment.
But I will not indulge farther in calamities no less
prospective than disastrous.
I now read from the same document a revela-
tion that is portentous, to which I call the particu-
lar attention of Kentuckians, and which is as fol-
lows:
The effort of Mr. Van Buren to conciliate, by bowing down
to the spirit of slavery, the vote of the South, has been met by
the speech of Mr. Clay, delivered in the United Slates Senate
since the presentation of this report. In this speech, Mr Clay
denounces the Abohti*nistaiu severe term*; brmgs forward, in
his peculiar and forcible language, tbr stereotyped objections
against the antislavery movement, lays down the monstrous
principle that "that t  property which the law makes pro-
perty," and upon thegroundof necessity, the tyrant s plea.c'e-
fcnds the eternal enslavement of the colored racemm our land
On silting down, after this effort for the perpotuatioBi of a sys-
tem of outrage 2nd wrong, the most inexcusable, as well as the
most detestable that the sun hae yet shone upon, Mr. Cl y re-
