Í60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan.   1 840.
26th Cows« «l8T Skss.                                       Abolition Petitions—Mr. By num.                                                     H of Reps.
•iv*d the eoogntulaiions of ihe arch Nullifier and defender
of "«he moat glorious institution," John C. Calhoun, for having
given the deathblow to Abolition. If judgment is not turned
backward, the blow will be death to his own prospects of win-
ning the splendid prize attehick he is aiming; and to secure
which k* has, in this pro-slavery effort, find an indelible
stigma upon Ms own reputation. One thing is now certain,
if there could have been a doubt before—the sacred cause ol
impartial liberty, tho cause of three millions of the enataved in
our country, has nothing to hope from Henry Clay. He «anda
before the world its unblushing, uncompromising opponent.
Here, sir, is the elwe to ihe late results at Harris-
burg. Here, sir, is the delaratton in advance, of
the doom of that distinguished man of the West.
Here is the prophecy—here the sentence passed;
and has aot the execution been inflicted ? I am no
partisan of Henry Clay, and have no complaints to
make ot any injustice that may have been done
him as a politician— I myself am not aggrieved by
it; bnt as a matter of history, connected with im-
portant events, I have a right, in common with all
mankind, to speak of it in illustration of whatever
facts may be connected with the transactions of the
times, which I do in despite of the snarlings of the
envious, or of the approbation or disapprobation of
the treacherous.
But, I have said that the facts revealed by what
I have just read, were portentous.
Mark, Mr. Speaker, this prophecy from this
Abolition paper in alluding to Mr. Clay's speech
against Abolition—" ihe blow will be death to his
own prospectsof winning the splendid prize at wh ch
he is aiming." Sir, what prize is here alluded to but
the Presidency? Does any deny it? And why
was this " death blow to his prospects of winning
the splendid prize"—can there be a mistake in it?
Because he was against Abolition. Lt t it be re-
membered that this declaration and prediction was
made bat a lew weeks after the delivery of this
speech. What has been the history of that
sect since ? Have they not persevered in the
most systematic manner to bring about this
"death blow to the prospects of winning
the splendid prize?" Have you not seen them
nominating their delegates ta the Harrisburg
Convention from every patt of the country
where a man of them is to be found? Have you
not seen, in that convention, one of their leaders
(Tames Wilson of New Hampshire) sitting as vice
president to that convention? Is it not known that
in that convention, then and there, through the in-
strumentality of the Abolition strength and influ-
ence, that this "death blow to the prospects of
winning the splendid prize" was struck—most fa-
tally and truly struck? By them it was inflicted
•with a premeditated design; for not one vote was
thrown against Mr. Clay from a slaveholdmg
State at first. Aod, sir, is there no moral to be
drawn from all tbi«? I entreat gentlemen to reflect en
it; it alone is pregnant with a volume of commentary.
I ask the members from Kentucky particularly to
give their attention. I believe Kentucky is sound
«pon the subject of Abolition. She cannot be
otherwise, from the nature of her ins'itu lions and
her descent. I believe ii her Representatives were
even to give way here, tbat her people would still
be sound on this subject. The last message of the
immortal Governor Clark that I read with peculiar
delight, which was placed in my hands by an ho-
norable member from that State, [Mr. Sherrod
Williams,] if not before, most satisfactorily con-
vinced, mt of that fact; and but for one man, for
whom she has seemed disposed to sacrifice her all,
I believe, still, she would this day occupy a proud
position in the front ranks of her Democratic brethren
to whom she is so closely connected by nature and
necessity. But 1 bave digressed from my subject.
Yes, sir, Henry Clay of Kentucky was rejected as"
the nominee for the Presidency of 1841, because
he made a speech iu the Senate ot the United
States adverse to the pretensions of the Aboli-
tionists. That that speech sealed his fate with the
Abolitionists no man of intelligence can, for a mo-
ment, entertain a rational doubt.
Hear* what the leading papers of that party say
of the result of this famous convention, immedi-
ately after the nomination of William Henry Har-
rison over Henry Clay of Kentucky was an-
nounced, and observe its regular correspondence
with tbat prophecy «ad prediction that I bave just
inferred fo.
From Garrison's Liberator
Nomination op General Harbison —The National Whig
Convent on, assembled at Harrisburg on the 6th instant, nomi-
nated William Henry Harrison foi the office of President of
the United States. On the first and second bjllot, the vote stood
for Henry Clay, 103; lor Harrison, 94; for Winfield Scott, 57
On the ti lrd ballot, the vote was for Harrison, 148; for Clay, 90;
for-colt, 16 All the slave States went for Clay. We re
gard this as another important sign of the limes—as a signal
defeat of the slaveholdmg power in this countty Hail it not
been for Abolitionism, Henry Clay would undoubtedly have
been nominated. We have faith to believe that no slave-
holder will ever again be peimitted to fill the Presidential
office in this Republtc.
Hear with what further acclamation it was
hailed by the Emancipator, the organ of the Abo-
litionists in New York.
The Harrisbwo Convention —Well, the agony is over, and
Henry Clay is—laid upon ths shelf. And no man of ordinary
intelligence can doubt or deny that it is the antislavery feeling
of the North which has done it, in connection with his own os-
tentatious and infamous pro slavery demonstiations in Con-
gress. Praise to God for a great antislavery victory. A man
of high talents, of gieat distinction, of long political services,
of boundlees personal popularity, has been openly rejected lor
the Presidency of this great Republic, on account of hi« devn-
U >n to slavery Set up a monument of progress there Let the
winds tell the tale—let the slaveholders hedí the newj—let fo-
reign nations hear it—let O'Connell hear it—let the slaves
hear it—a slaveholder is incapacitated for the Presidency of the
United States The reign of slavocracy is hastening to a < lose
The rejection of Heiry Clay by the Whig convention, taken
in connection with all the circumstances, is one of the heaviest
blows the monster slavery has received in this country.
From the he Roy Gazette
Very much like indeed ' The editor of the Ohio paner aban-
doned'the Whigs becaus they nominated the Abolitionists,
and joined the Loco Focos because they went for the dough-
faces; while we left the Jackson party because it adhered
to slavery, and united with the Whigs, because they sup-
ported abolition'
This paper had been edi'ed by Mr. Gates,* now a
member on this floor.
Now, if Kentucky is true to her elf, true to her
own institutions, and is unwilling to sacrifice her
principles, her natural interes's and re.ations, all,
all, sir, at the shrine of party feelings can she ap-
probate and give her countenance to resul's brojgh
about by influences th at nnety-nine of eve y hundred
of her citizens de^pike? Will she ever be whipped into
-measures, and yoked into the support of them, by
party discipline, either here or elsewhere? Sir, in
my opinion, she has long occupied an unnatural
position towards those who were identified with her
by natural affinities. I believe an overwhelming
majority of her papulation are essentially De-
mocratic; but they have been led by unnatural al-
liances and extraordinary influences of panicular
individuals, in direct opposition to both her real
principle* and natural intererts. She is, from the
natu e of her position, from ihe character of her
in*titutions, from the character of all her inter-
course and commercial relations, bound eventually
to act with the South and West. Even now, one
single individual oat of the way, and she would be
foremost in this House in advocating and support-
ing, by her eloquence and her votes, those great
measures of the Democracy with which her future
destinies are so essentially identified.
The r suits of the last few months, brought
about by the united action of the fanatic, is
enough to open ihe eyes of the most blind, and
make the dumb speak out. The triumph of such
influences is enough to arouse and awaken every
man in this Union, who is resolved to resist them.
Sir, it is idle, worse than useless, to attempt
longer to conceal the perilous irfiuence of Aboli-
tionists, their designs, their s'rength, or preponde-
rance. I have proved from the documents of this
House that a majority of the whole Wkig party
(proper) of this House bave, for the last six years,
icted with the Aboliiionists. I have produced
names and dates, and referred to the pages, where
all can examine for themselves; infoimation, that
I know, will be found most unwelcome to many;
bat it was due that the country should know it;
and, sir, had this been the only evidence, there
might bave been some room left ft r doubt; > et
how completely is this most important fact corro-
borated, if not most satisfactorily established, by
the resul's at Harrisburg? Was it not proved
there? Does net the result prove it beyond the
power of contradiction? Prove that the Abolition
influence did, and has, effectually preponderated
in that body, composed, as it was, of the whole
Whig party of the United States?   How perfect'y
'And ii now edited, I am informed, by his friend and successor.
has it tallied and corresponded with the  preponde-
rating influence of that party in this House?
I knew that when I first ventured to assert the
fact that a major.ty of the whole Whi? party were
acting with the Abo monies here, that I was sin? e
and alone in the idea, and I confess I made it with
some precaution and trepidation; but, f-ir, so pow-
erful and irresistible aie these facts that have
proved it, that I am emboldened, the more and
more I reflect on them, or refer to them. For, to
me, the more 1 review them, the more conclusivs
and irresistible they appear.
How awful, then, must be the position of lhat
wing of the par y, from the South and Southwest,
who represent slavaholding interests here! How
perfectly at the mercy of their Abolition friends
who now, in this House, constitute near two-thirds
of their whole party! Take this fact, ttgether with
the fa^t of the r having the preponderance in the
Hair sburg convention, and does it nut prove lhat
they hive attached themselves to a party who, f
not Abolition sts themselves, have, and are now
acting with them ? That the Southern wing of that
party is left (whom I accuse not themselves of
being Abol.tionists) in a small minority of the
whole Whig party, it has been most conclusive y
shown, bo'h from the votes of this House and the
re-ultsof the Harrisburg convention. Now, sir,
what hare the people of the South to expect from
the action of those who co-operate here with their
worst of all political enemies at this time? Sup-
pose they meet in caucus to determ ne on the selec-
tion of officers to this House who control, in a
measure, the entire business of the nation, with little
more ilnn on^-third of the whole number of that
pany, m which caucus the majority is to govern:
can they etpect to control that majority with their
one-third? Do they suppose, for a moment, lhat
so large a majority would be dictated to a moment,
by such a minority? Sir, the idea is ridiculous.
Let ihem read their fa'e in the result of
the Harrisburg Convention, in which they
can never have stronger claims to a preference ?
Or, do they think their feeble voice would ever be
ome heard amid the enthusia m of the fanatic-s ?
Is it by the support of the Whigs of the Souih,
then, that that party is to gain the ascendency in this
House, and, consequently, in this  Government ?
I conjure the Whig party from that section to
pause long before they consummate the bans fur-
ther by such an unholy, unnatural alliance I Let
every man, woman, and child of the South, rise
and forbid it! I ask them, in the name of our
common country, to look at the character of the
votes oí thus House, whether on a proposition com-
ing from a Southern Whig, or Democrat, lhat con-
flicts in the least wnh ihe pre ensiors of the Aboli-
tionists, and say, if their brother Whigs of the
North have not in solid columns gone dead against
them; and whether or not they have not themselves
been compelled to rely for tie supp n of their own
measures (I mean those introduced by Southern
Wbigs upon lhat subject,) upon the votes of the
Northern Democrats lo carry them through; not-
withstanding the efforts made here by Southern
men to drive them mio ihe ranks of ihe Whig Abo-
litioniits? These facts cannot escape, sir, the dis-
cerning eye of the intelligent practical men of th s
country; and I entreat gentlemen after the flood of
evidence that has been exhibited recently, both in
and out of Congress, to weigh well these facts be-
fore they return again to their constituents of the
South, to whom, and with whom, I now leave them
to settle that question.
Mr. Speaker, said Mr. B. I will now notice some
remarks that have fallen from different gentlemen
who have addres'ed the House on this subject, who
have taken the liberty ta refer lo the action of par-
ties in this body to prove that the Democratic
party, in a body, co-operated with the Abolitionists
of the Nor>h; and as this seems to have been done
for the purpose of imposing on the people of the
Sauth, whom, in part, I represent, I beg the further
indulgence of this House while I present to their
consideration some facts that have an immediate
bearing on this case. If we look, sir, at the action
of State Legislatures, we find where the Demi crats
have had the control, they have, in no instance,
countenanced the Abolitionists.
j
