262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong*•••1st S*S8.
abolition Petitions—Mr. Bynum.
_ Jan._J840.
11. of Reps.
After a mo«t powerful, convincing, anJ irresisti-
b!e argument in their report against the course of
the Abolitionists and Whigs in the Assembly, Mr.
Youn? continues:
If the committee hare not deceived themselves, it will ap
pear manife<!t to every reflecting mind, that the neht of peti-
tion,  s secured by the Constitution, cannot be infringed by Go-
vernment, except by a taw of Congress, and consequently the
Atherton resolutions cannot be tortured into such lnfnnge-
menl
That a long and elaborate report having been made three
yeais  eo, under the dire tion of the House of Representatives,
on thasubject of Abolition petitions and Abolitionism, that
House is not bound, nor ought it to make another reference,
and cause another report to be made on the same subject.
And this able and masterly report then concludes
with the  following resolution, which was m.tain-
ed entirely by the Democracy of that body:
Resolved, That the preamble and resolutions of the Assem
bly be, and they are hereby, rejected.
All which is respectfully submitted.
3. YOUNG, Chairman.
Here, again, I have presented, not individual
cases, but the records of the proceedings of bodies
of men, and that of the Legslature of the great-
est State in jour Union. What a stiikin  contrast
does it present to the declarations made h«re!
This, sir, has been one of the fruits of tie Whig
victories in New York.
Here is an article from the pen of a Whig mem-
ber of this House, from New York. It is from an
Abo ition paper, called the Leroy Garde. It is
in th^se words:
With very great unamimity. Abolitionists in the West, and
we apprehend throughout the States, have conscientiously
considered they were discharging their solemn duty to their
country and directly sdrancmg the cause of human riihts,
by casting their rotes/or Willtam H Seward for Governor;
a man anda candidate of a party who have ever treated the
advocates of emancipation with consideration and respect,
and standing on/josed also to a candidate and a party who
hare not failed to treat them with hostility and the mostsu
peraltóos contempt Th<  almost unanimous support of
some 15(100 W-ig Abolitionists of the State, despite the
hypocritical cant of a prostituted, grovelling paity press,
and your own well intended warningJiasoverthrown ainotof
aristocrats who have for years dictated the creed and faith of
the Stele and whose high behest has been law and gospel to
hundreds of their adherents.
Mr. B. continued: hear, sir, a?* in from <he same*
On the one hand, therefore our Whig friends would Vb
j'-e i not to be so much elated with success, and to feel so
confident of their po rer hereafter, as to attemp' a warfare
against Abolition, for they should remember that it is the
fairness and liberality, with whiclt as a parly they hove
hereto!ore treated the Abolitionists, which has secured their
general support, eren despite the warnings of some of the
principal Abolitionists m the State; and should they now be
so foolish as to commence an attack on them, and change
their course of conduct towards them, they will find to their
sorrow that they will arouse an opposition which no party
cords can control, and it will be the last election in the State
they will carry.
Now, if that gentleman is present, I wohder if he
■will deny, too, that these ara his sentin entb, and
that he is an Abolitionist.
[Here Mr. Gates from New York rose, and
a.«kcd the gentleman from Norh Carolina if he al-
luded to him.
Mr. Btnom said he did not know that gentleman
by person, but if it was one Seth Gates from New
York, he did allude to him.
Mr. Gates then said that he would answer the
member from North Carolina, that the language he
had read was his, and that he did not deny being
an Abolitionist ]
Then, said Mr. B that member is the first who
has had the candor to own his being an Aboli-
tionist in this debate; and although I dete.t his prin-
ciples, I cannot but admire his candor as a man;
for, of all things, I have always been taught
-mostly to abhor a hypocr te, who would do me an
injury while he proclaimed himself my faend.
White on this subject, he askei to be permitted
to read another ex'ract, fiom another d stingui'hed
Whig candidate for Governor of New Hampshire;
it is in a part of the reply of General James Wil-
son, late ene of the distinguished vice pre-idf nts of
the convention at Harnsburg which nominated
Willñm Henry Harrison for the next President of
the e United S at<s, and which i  as follows:
Opposed as I am to slavery in all its forms, and btlievmsr that
its continued existence in theDistnet of Colurrbia and the Ter
ritones, and the slave trade there and between the States in-
volves a national responsibility, I am of opinion that Congress
ought, without delay, to exercise the power that body has over
the subject.
The T( ply was to questions put by one of the
Abolition societies  f that State.
Now, sir, h°re is the reply of a Democrat, near-
ly at the same time, from the same State, who was
then a candidate for Cc ogress.   It is the reply of
(he honorable gentleman who sits to my left, Mr.
Burke, of New Hampshire, in answer to similar
questions from the same source. Yet, sir, we hive
heard him, loo, denounced here as an Abolition De-
mocrat.   Here is the reply—
Frem the above you will be likely to come to the conclusion
that 1 do not deem it necessary to give ptecise responses to the
questions which you have propounded, but lest theie may be
a disposition to charge me with a design ta evade responsibility
by declining to give the specific answers required, 1 now, after
full and mature deliberation, declare my unqualifiedoppasition
to modern Abolitionism, in all its measures, phases, and poli-
cy. I look upon it as a scheme fraught with incalculable mis-
chief andperil to the union of the States and consequently te
the best interests of the people of the republic ; and as demand-
ing the firm and decided, but moderate and lawful opposition
et every true patriot and friead to our civil and political insti-
tutions.
What a contrast between the answers of these
two individuals ! Can there longer be a doubt as
to the position assumed by ihese two partif s in the
breast of a rational man in existence? Sir, it is
impossible!
I pass over the reso'utions of tha Whig Leg'sla-
ture of Rhode Island again>t the action of Congress
relative to Abolition petition*, and come over to
Pennsylvania. What has been the character of
the parties iu that State 1 Will any man deny,
that Governor Ritn-sr was an Abolitionist, who de-
nounred with such bitterness," the black spirit of
tlttvery," as he chose to call it ? None have, nor
will deny it.
I w.II now, Mr. Speaker, refei to an extract from
an address deliv ered by Governor Porter, the late
Democraiic Governor of the State of Pennsylvania,
anl succe¡-srul candidate over Ri'ner, the Anti-
mason Abo'it on Wh g candidate of that State.
[Mr. Co per of Pennsylvania here rose and
a kfd Mr. B. when that speech or address was de-
livered ]
Mr. B. said he would refer the gentleman to his
remarks when published, in which he would then
specify both time and place.
Such was the language put foith then by Gover-
nor Porter in that address.   Said he—
When trje infant States of the Union united together in the
Revolution, for the common defence, under the feeble bonds of
of the old Confederation: and when necessity drove us to
f >rm something more Melinite and binding, which brought about
the Constitution of 1788, involuntary servitude was the subject
of much discussion, arrangement, and concession It was finally
disposed of in the manner pointed out in the latter instrment.
To agitate the question anew, when it was thus satisfactorily
settled, is not only unwise and impolitic, hut is a vii'ual
breach of good faith to our brethren of the South ; an unwar-
rantable interference with their domestic relations and insti-
tutions, and is calculated to do positive injury to the African
race there held in servitude, for whom in her policy, and with-
in her own borders, Pennsylvania has always shown a be-
coming sympathy. I can never, in the official station which I
occupy, consent to couutenancc a course which may jeopard
the peace and harmonv of the Union, without answering any
good purpose in the end. It shall meet with no encouragement
at my hands.*
Such are the opinions of the Democratic Gover-
nor of that great and patriotic State, which has
been so justly denominated the '-keystone" in the
arch of the temple nf our republican States. Such
sentiments are tiuly worthy of the Governor of
a great State, who looked to the Union of our
States, and peace of the country, and the prosperity
of this united people, more than to the interest of
a faction.
Here is another evidence of the feelings of the
two great parties of that State: In the late conven-
tion to remodel its Constitution, en motion of Mr.
Martin to mfert, as one of the amendments, the
word "iflhite," .'0 as to restrict the r ght of suffrage
to the fr«e white men of that State, which was sup-
ported by the Democrats, with a solitary exception,
77 in number, and was opposed by a vote of 45, 44
of wbwm, were Whigs. Now, s r, what higher evi-
dence ran be desired, as to the position of the par-
ties in that State?
Let us now turn our eyes to the mighty "West,
and examine for a few moments what has trans-
pi ted there in addition to the noble stand that her
dis'inguishel members have taken in both branches
of Congress Ohio, that prcud "buckeye" Slate,
has taken the lead upon this subject. Her Demo-
cracy there have taken it in hand and spoken in
a voice of thunder to the fanatics. (Well may
they despise the Demozracy.)   Sir, she has spoken
' Inaugural address of David Porter, Governor of PennsyJva
ma, delivered in the hall of the House of Representative ,
that State,) January 15,1839.
in a language truly woithy of the empress S'ate of
the Valley of the Mississippi.
FJerp are the resolu'ioBs recently pa«ced bj one of
the largest and mos' numerous Democratic men-
mgs ever held in that S'ate, assembled from all
sections thereof, preceded by a most powerful and
unanswerable aigument. This, sir, is the lan-
guage of the Democratic party of the State of Ohio:
Resolved, That «lavery being a domestic Institution, recog.
nised by the Constitution of the United States, we, as citizens of
a free State, have no light to interfere with it, and that the or-
ganizing of societies and associ uonsin fiee States, in opposi
Hon to the institutions of sister Stales, while productive of no
good, mav be the cause of much mischief, and while such as~o
clations for political purposes ought to be discountenanced by
every lover of peace and concord, no sound Democrat will have
part or lot with them
Resolved, That political Abolitionism is but ancient Fede
lalism under  a  new   guise, and  that the political  action  of
Anti-slavery societies, is only a device ferthe overthrow of De-
mocracy
Resolved, That should theie be anymembeis of this Conven
tion who do not subscribe to the principles contained in those
reselutions íeiating to the subject of Abolition, they be hereby
requested to leave their names with the publishing com
mntee, to be published with 'he proceedings ef this Con-
vention.
Mr. B. continued: Sir, I have been informed,
such was the unanimily of the Democratic party
on this subject, that not a single name was left with
the commiuee, to be published. In addition to this,
the last papers from the Legislature of that mag-
nanimous State, bring us the following accounis:
OHIO LEGISLATURE.
[Reporttdfor the Ohio Statesman ]
House op Representatives,
Tuesday, Jan 14, 1840.
On motion ot Mr Flood,the House took up the resolutions
relative to the subject of slavery
Mr Waddle called far the question to be taken on each resolu-
tion separately
The first resolution was then adopted—yeas 48, nays 2, whieh
reads as follows-
Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio,
That the subject of slavery, as it exis's in particular port ons of
the United States, was settled and adjusted at the formation of
the Federal Constitution.
The question then being on the adoption of the second resolu-
tion, which isas follows-
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this General Assembly, the
Interference of citizens of our State in ihe internal regulations
of another, is highly censurable and improper, and that we view
the unlawful, unwise, and unconstitutional interference of the
fanatical Abolitionists of the North, with the domestic institu-
tions of the Siuthern States, as highly criminal, and that it is
the duty, obligatory on all good citizens, to discountenance the
Abolitionists in their mad, fanatical, and revolutionary
schemes.
LetitnUte forgotten, Mr. Speaker, that the
I egislalure of this FUte is now oveiwhelmingly
Democratic, and let it be understood that these re-
solutions (un'ike those of the Whig Legislature of
New York) are "ihe fruits of the last Democraiic
victory" in the State of Ohio.
Wuh this exhibition of evidence, showing the
position and inclination of the present parties of
this ctuntry, I shall remain content to abide the fu-
ture decision of the people of this nation, with but
a single reference more; which, sir, is to the peti-
tions that have been introduced into this House in
favor of the abolition of slavery.
It will, Mr Speaker, astonish the people of the
Whig party, who have confessed their opposition
to Abolitionism, to learn that more than nine-tenths
of those petitions have been introduced into the
American Congress by members of the Whig
party.
[Mr. Giddings from Ohio (Whig) was under-
stood to ask Mr. B. for his authority.]
Mr. Byntjm. The journals of your House, sir.
I speak trom an estimate made by your Clerk the
session before the last; and, if my recollection
serves me rightly, the disparity was greater than I
have s'ated.
Now, sir, I should 1 ke to know if such a mass
of evidence, as has been elicited upon this subject,
during this deba e, has ever been known before to
be brought to bear upon any given question about
which there did exist, in reality, a rational doubt;
and if any man of the most ordinary mind, alter
reviewing these facts, can longer entertain one
doubt as to what party has, or is, at this time, fa-
voring the Abolitionists, that are threatening the
dissolution of the fairest portion of this glorious
Republic with fire and sword No, sir; none sir,
none, except he who is wilfully blind or wilfully
corrupt, and who would sacrfice our holy Union,
the peace, safety, and prosperity of ihe fairest por-
tion of our country, *o ihe malignant, though blind,
demca of party spirit.
