Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
S6th ConG"..1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Bynum.
H. of Reps.
But I will not d lay the House further with any
comment of mine on the evidence I have exh'bited.
I have offered it for the consideration o( the House
and the people of my country, hoping ihat they will
adjudge its merits, without regard to ihe humb'e
source from wh'ch it comes, or the party from
which it may have emanated, ask ng, as I do, for
it only an impartial examination of the facts, by
all parlies, before they presume to pronounce their
condemnation
I will now, Mr. Speaker, address mystlf more
particularly lo those gentlemen of the North who
have reflected so much upon the wisdom of ihe
South in relation to ih* matter before us, aa1 will
endeavor  to  show   them   and   the world   their
greatest    want    of    sagacity   and   statesman-
ship,   in   every   step   they   have   taken upon
this momentous   question.     I  say   momentous,
because   it    involves    the    very    existence   of
our present  Government; and in  nothing   more
than this, is «vmced their profunnd want of that
knowledge of this great subject, that should char&c-
tetizs the s'atesman.   Yes, sir, amid the agitation
and excitement of fanaticism, they ceem to have
lost all sight ot consequ°nt events that must flow
from their course here, and that of the AbolUioR-
ísts, as certa n as a cause precedes its effects, or as
the light precedes  the approach   of that veitical
<un.   What! sir,   they   speak of   statesmanship?
Their very discourse here proves conclusively how
far they are behind the time.   I do not deny their
learning and phi'osophy, and theory, if you please;
but, in practical knowledge  of man, of human na-
ture, as it is now, and most exist under similar cir-
cumstances, they are at fault, and are falling more
and   more  behindhand daily.   It is that class of
statesmen, throughout the world, that you now see
falling inio disrepute, and behini the age in which
they live.   To   demonstiate  this, I will not fly  to
Europe, when the mrst striking examples are here
in mv own conntry before me.
Sir, let us look to the Eist, and see what has
been po-ng en there for years? Let us look now
at old Massachusetts, and ee the bursting of tet-
ters that has recently taken place therf in the last
elect ons of that State. Witness the fl>ing frag-
ments of antiquated and exploded system*, im-
posed on the herculean intellects oí ihat pecp'e, by
the antiquated theories of their pnesis, bookmen,
and scholars, that are wont to ransack their mgenu-
íy, 'o forge mauaclrs of superstitious invention,
to bind down and hold in subjection the enlight-
ened practical mind of that entTpr sing pcop'e.
Sir, the whole contt si thai is g >ing on there 1 as
been between practical and theoretical man. And
in what age or nation, I a^k, has this c ntest ever
taken place, in wfcich the former have not eventu-
aly and efffctua'ly overcome the latter. Upon
this, his'ory records, but one decision: it is in favor
of practical men, throughout tin world. You
may, sir, for a whi'e, by inculcating andchenshing
your superstition under the girb of religion, and
yonr reverence f r forms and theories unnecessary,
and often mischievous and ru'nous, keep in abso-
lue subjec'ion the most active, enterprising intel-
lect; which, in all five Governments, will ever,
sooner or later, be brckpn through by the free, un-
restrained intercourse of man wi>h his fellow man
Perhaps no Stale in the Union has had ^uch means,
or made such efforts, to bind down her peoplp with
superstitious observance , as that of Massachu-
setts—her presses, her wealth, both being in the
hands of the few, backed by the superstition lscul-
ca'ed by her pnesis; upon who-e heads will rest
every drop of blood that must flow from the prosn-
cution of this unho'y crusade of Abr lition, and
who are, and should fee, held responsible for every
loss that is suvtained by the h( nest, peace-loving
people of the Ean, North, or West. Yes, sir, their
handwriting is legible in every movement that has
been mads on this subj' ct, from its commencement
to its present stage. They seem envousof the mfa
moos distinction of the "crusaders of the East,"
whi dípopulat-d Europ , and drerc'ied a nation
inblool; while they mean not to fight themselves, it
is tkeir  to dium <n others, but never to meet
danger. By their s a'esman.h p, and that of
their coadjutors, they are now laying Ue foun-
dation for the speedy dissolution of this Govern-
ment; and for whose benefit? Sir, e xecuie the firs1
object cf your shortsighted, unholy design, and
that moment ihe cord that now binds us as a na-
tion is broken into atoms. Have yeu any inie
rest at «take? Do you anticipate no loss by this?
Are your people prepared to abandon our entire
Southern cost, and part forever with your trade
and íntercourre with us? Who consumes the pro-
ducts of your manutadurers? Your ?rts and
every species of your mechanism? What becomes
of jour trade and commercial intercourse with the
South? Your shipping, employment for your dense
population, with whose weight in many places, the
very earth gioins as they move? Are you pre-
pared to do all this? Have you honestly asked
your yeople, if they are prepared for u? No, sirs,
no sirs, you have deceived them! You and your
priests, S'uaits, Garrisons and T^ppans, have told
them it all ecu d be affected without. Oh ! igno-
rant, shortsighted men!
But, s r, Bos'on, bound down as she is, and has
been, from the influences I have stated, mu^ awa-
ken, fiom mecessity, and shake off that gloom ihat
binds her to the destinies of a short-sighted, lgnc-
rant puesthood and closetted book-men that s^e
has taken for politicians, unpractised in the wo'ld,
as it is, and as it moves onward. She, too, mukt
meet tms «ues'ion practically in its face—whose
very exist'nee depends,^nd must of necessity de-
pend, upon her trade and her commerce for her
stoies and supp íes, and the returning equivalents
for the products of her arts and manufactories
These are the questions that practical statesmen
will look to; and, for the want of a proper know-
ledge, or a proper regard for which, in the present
dynas y, that has so long ru'ed ihat State, the great
revolution ihat is now gomg on there has been put
in motion. Thay see, as all must see, to follow
ihem linger in their projects of dissolution of the
Government, it must result in the sacrifice of* the
greatest boons given them by Providence, arising
from an as-cciatien wih their Southern brethren,
and, in a return a¿ain to their old impoverished
molher.England, to reconnect themsel vts agan with
the sienle bairens, snow capped mountains and
icy c'lflV of Canada.
New York, t'oo, mu^t make up her mind to meet
ihe eons quences of this momentous question be-
fore the first bl >w is struck, for tnere is no Siaie
n< r city in the Union that has so great a pecuniary
interest at stake. She, too, in my honest judgment,
has been deceived and imposed on in relation to
ihis subject.
The mass of th? people, I cannot be persuaded,
are prepared for the cons quences of the course oí
some of their Representatives here, and at home.
Sir, they and their co-opera1 ors have studiously
concealed from thai honest peop'e the fact, that
the immediate question that they are now making
with us, is. a question (blink it as they may) <>l
peace or war—a result as inevitable as that the light
of Heaven falls fro'n a cloudless sun '
Sir, have they told that p"pe this, and of its
train of disas rous consequences, the end of which
no man here is young enough to see1 No, sir: they
and their Abolí ion comrades at home, my life
upon it, have ever kept this result closely ci n
cealed from the poor objects upon whom they
operate.
Let New York, I would say, bej ond all other
States and ci i°s, pause and reflect upon these
awful consequences, ere the hour be too Ute to
apply the so< thing remedy. Sir, let her read her
fate in that ff Tyre, Bagdad, and Babylon "Dis-
solve your Union, as a civil war must d", as it in-
evitably will do, and what becomes ot the pride,
the wealth, and grandeur, of the Empire cit>i
Your magnificent bui dings, your splendid dome*,
must in a few short years lie in one common pile
of ruins, the mere haunts of the scorpion, the
streaked lizard, and th« hooting owl. Your trade
bioken up, your commerce abandoned, woo will
you find else to inhab t these pi'e> of tot en ruins,
but ihe cra«lirg repti e, and the fowls andbeass
of pr y that prowl by midnight, to entrap their
same, and t> procure their food. Sad re-
flections, but not le^s true than sid, it history is a
tatthtul chronicjer of events, and cause and effect.
Year shipping   rott.ng   in    jour   ports—your
seamen out of employmen'—your manufactories
annihilated, and your trade and commerce destroy-
ed, would pie^ent a scene of misery and pauperism
perhaps wuhout a parallel in the modera world.
In such an event, who cannot see that the monu-
mental city (Baltimore) or Charleston, if you please,
wiuld soon become the New York of the South
and emporiums of the Southern world, and of that
universal trade now supplied by the arts and labor
of your people. Your manufacturing capitalists,
sir, would take flight from the Nonh to Richmond
and Petersburg of Virginia; to Salisbury, Raleigh,
Fayeiteville. North Carolina; Camden, Columbia,
York, and Edgefield, of South Carolina; Augusta,
Milledgeville, Macon, and Columbus, Georgia,
and other places equally and eligibly situated And;
do your politicians not see something in all this, to
admonish them of the self-immolating course that
they have pursued in uniting with the Abo-
litionists? But, sir, more to these short-
sighted priest ridden and priest-ftrrified politi-
cians, who by such acts are calling down
ihe vengeance of Heaven upon their own devoted
land. Let me, sir, here make a suggesiion to
them, if they cannot see, nor will not take a hint.
Do they know that the, e is a certain line called
" Mason and Dixon's line?" Do they know that
it e xiends from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean?
Have they heard of a certa n Sabine river, and a
new Republic recently called Texas? Do ihey
know of a certaia place called Mexico? Have they
ever heard of a certain isthmus, called Danen? Do
ihey not know that by drawing One breath—the
utterance of one word to Texas—that country
is ours, by alliance or by conquest, uniting us as
one people, from the line of " Mason and Dixon,"
to the isi hmus of Danen?
Yea, moie: can they, Mr. Speaker, I mean the
Abolitionists and their friends, present and absent,
expect the co-operation of the great West, especial-
ly of those States of ihe valley, un ted to us m the
mdiss luble bond's of nature, by the great waters of
the Mississippi No, sir, this identity of interest
and alliance has been formed by " na'ure and na-
ture's God," which no man, nor set of men, can
put asunder.
But, sir, in this severance and sectioning, what
would Pennsylvania, that "arch-stone" Stale, say?
the waters of whose Delaware wash the shores of
a slaveholdir g State; on the one side, the waters of
her Mononghahela is poured into the Ohio on the
other, commingling with the Mississippi, that passes
thr iugh ihe very heart of six slavehulJing States,
carrying with it, from her Pittsburgh, the richest
freights of her manufacturers, industry and labor,
to trie ports of New Orleans, the great emporium
of the Sou'h and Wc s em world. S r, have ihese
mighty statesmen,(Lilliputian I -hould say,) or have
their minds been so engrossed with their tender in-
ward consciences as not to look abroad to those
outward and external circumstances that are go-
ing on in this vast Republic? Have they conde-
scended to trace from causes their inevitable effects?
No, sir, absorbed in their moon-sickened philan-
thropy, ihey are perfectly blind to the commotions
that must result from the folly and madness of their
cour e.
Mr. Speaker, the South does not wish to asmme
the position that her Northern enemies seem de-
termined to force her to take; she would greatljr
prefer continuing in the Union, enjoying the mutu-
al blessings that it has so long bestowed on all;
she has no desire to separate from her Northern
brethn n, and, when she is driven to it, n will be a
matter of necessity, and not of choice: although I
now say to all she would scorn to remain one hour
longer in*that Union than the sacred obligations
are strictly obs rved, entered into by that sacred
compact with our father . If, however, such a 
event should cccur, let gentlemen not deceive theaj-
selves in believing, for a moment, that she has not
every thing to hope, and but little to fear, upon this
subject; ih-y are perfectly prepared for the crisis,
and, I am sorry to say, that there are thousands,
from considerations I have be/ore mentioned, who
would conn rather than «void it.
Let me then, sir, agsm intreat tbo-e gentlemen,
who are foieing opon us these sad alternatives, to
pause and «**«* <f ee mqre noon the awfu.1 conse*
