S6I
APttlNDlX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono.......1st Seis.
Protection of Vessels—Mr. Calhoun.
Mar. 1840-
Senate.
twsen the two Governments without the impreco >
that the question involve i in the negotiation was
one of deep embarrassment to the 8 itish ministry.
Toe great length of the negotiation, consL  :ing the
simplicity and pauei'y of the points involved, the
Ion; ¿elay before an answer could be had at all,
and the manifest embarrassment in making the
distinction between the cases allowed and the one
ifjected, plainly indicate that there was some se-
cret, unseen difficulty in thi way, net dirtc'ly be-
longing to the questions involved in the cases.
What was that difficulty? If I mistake not, it
will be found in the condition of things in Eng-
land, and especially in reference to those in power.
It is my wish to do the Ministry amp'e justice,
as I believe they were desirous of doing us;
but it is not to be disguised that there was no
small difficulty in the way, from the ¡state of things
Tinder which they acted, and which I shall next
explain.
The   present   Whig  ministry held, and   still
bold, their   power,   as   is   well   known,   by a
precarious   tenure.     Their   party   i*,   in   fact,
in   a   minor.tv,   and   can   only   s' ppoit them-
selves against the powerful party in opposition, by
such adventitious aid as can be c >ncihated. Among
the subdivisions «f party in Great Britain, the Abo-
lition interest is one of no little power; and it will
be seen at once, that the question involved in the
negotiation is one in reference to which they wou'd
have no little sensibi'ity.   Like all o her fanatics,
they have lit'le regard either to reason or jus'icf,
where the object of their enthusiasm is concerned.
To do us justice, without offending such a party, in
such a case, was no easy task; and to offend them,
without losing the ascendency  of their party, and
the reins of Government, was almost impossible.
The Ministry had to act under these conflicting
considerations; and I intend no disrespect in say-
ing that the desire of cone hating to s roug a party,
and thereby retaining place, when opposed to the
demands of justice, c uld not be without its we ght.
The course, accordingly, taken, was such as might
have been anticipated from these opposing motives.
To satisfy our urgent claim for justice, compensa-
tion was allowed in two of the case*, and to avoid
offending a powerful and zealous party, a distinc-
tion was taken between them and  the other, the
effects of which would be to clrse the door aaainst
future demands of the kind,   I mean not to say,
tha* deliberate and intentional injustice was done;
but simply, that these conflicting causes, which it is
.obvious, from the circumstances of the ease, m is-t
have been in operation, would, by a natural and an
unseen bias, lead to that result.
But another question of far greater magnitude,
growing out of the foregoing, presents itself for
consideration: to what must that result finally lead,
if Great Britain should persist in the decision which
it has made? I hold it impossible for her to main-
tain the position she has taken. She must aban-
don it as untenable, and take one of two (ther
posit ons: either that her muni' ipal laws are para-
mount to the law of nations,when they come into
conflict; or that s'avery—the right of man to hold
property in mm—is against ihe law of nations. It is
only on the one or other of these suppositions that the
art for abolishing s'avery can have the force she
attributes to it.
The   former  she   cannot   take,   without vir-
tually   abolishing the entire system of  interna-
tional laws.    She cou'd not think of assuming
that her municipal laws were paramount, without
admitting those of other States also to be so; which
would be to annul the system, and sub-tituie in its
place universal violence, dfcord and conflict. This
would force her on the other alternative, which, if
it were true, would give her a solid iou-idation for
the rejection of cur claim,on the incontestable prin-
ciple that the laws of nations would not enforce that
which violates themselves.   Nor are there wanting
indication', jn  the correspondence, (to son.e of
wh ch I have alluded,) that the position she has ta-
ken in reference to the Enterprise, is but prelimina-
ry to the adoption of that alternative.   There are,
however, many difficulties to' be got over, before
she can openly take it.
It would  require, in   the first place, no small
si are of  effrontety,  for   a nation   which  has
been the greatest slave dealer on earth; a na-
tion, which has dragged a greater number
of Africans from their native shores to reo-
pie her possessions, and to sdt to others, and
which forced our ancestois to purchase slaves frum
her against their remonstrance, while co'onies,
(not improbably the ancestors of the owners rf
'.hose slaves to purchase the ancestors of the
slaves.for which she now refuses compensation,)—it
would, I repeat, require no small effron'ery to turn
round and declare that she mither had, nor could
have, the right to the property she sold us, nor could
we, without deep crime, retail possession. We
all know what such conduct would be calkd among
individuals, without, indeed, followed by a tender
back of the purchase money, with ample compensa-
tion for damage*; and there is no good reason why
it should be called by a less harsh epithet, when ap-
plied to the conduct of uations
But there is another difficulty. Tie avowal
of the principle would place her in conflict
with all the authorities on the law rf na-
tions, and the custom of all ages, past and prp-
sentjand would bring her into collision with aU
nations whose institutions would be outlawel by
the avowal, and «hat, peihaps, she would most
regard, it would put her in conflict with herself. Yes,
she who refused to compensate our citizens for
property unjustly seized and de ained under her
authority, on the ground that she had forbade the re-
cognition of slavery in her territory, had then, and
has, at this day, hundred* of thousands of slaves
in the most wretched condition, held by her sub-
jects in her Eastern possessions; and worse, by her-
self. With a 1 her boast, she is a s'ave holder,
and hires out and receives hire for slaves. 1
«peak on high authority—the Asiatic Journal for
1838, printed in her own moropolts.
Here the Secretary read the following extracts
from piges 221:
"Government op slaves in Malabar.—We
know that there is not a servant of Government,
in the s uth of India, who is not intima'ely ac-
quainted with the alarming fact, that hundreds of
thousands of his fellow-crea'ures are fettered down
for life to the degraded destiny of slavery. We
know that these unfortunate beings are not, as is
ihe case in other countries, serfs of the so 1, and
incapable of being transferred, at the pleasure of
their owners, from one estate to another. No
they are daily sold, like cattle, by one proprietor to
another; the husband is separated from the wife,
and the parent from the child. They are loaded
with every ind'gnity; the utmost possible quantity
of labir is exacted from them, and the most meagre
fare that human nature can possibly subsi t on is
doled out to support them. The slave population
is composed of a great variety of clashes: the
de cendants of those who have been taken pmon-
ers in time of war, persons who have been kid-
nappad from the neighboring States, people who
have been bom nnder such circumstances as that
they are considered without the pale of the ordina-
ry castes; and others who have been smuggled from
the coast of Africa, torn from their country and
their kindred, and destined to a more wretched
lot, and, as will be seen, to a more enduriug canti-
vi'y than their bre'hren of the western world. Will
it be believed, that Government ifsflf parttc'pates
in this description of property; that it actually
holds possession of slaves, and lets ther  out for
hire to the cultivators of trie country, the rent of a
whole family being two fanams, or half a rupee
per annum "
But why dwell on these comparatively few slaves?
The whole of Hindostán, with the adjacent posses-
sions, is one masnifirent plantation, peop'ed by
more than onehundrel millions of slave , belong-
ing to a company of gentlemen in England, called
the East India Company, whi se power is far more
unlimited and despotic than that of any Southern
planter ovtr his slaves—a power upheld by the
sword and bayonet, exactinz more and leaving less
by far of the product of their lahor to the subject
race, than is let undpr our own system, with much
less regard to their comfort i.i sickness and age.
This vast system of iervitude carries win itself the
elements of increase: not, it is true, by the African
slav< trade, but by means not less inhuman; that of
organizing the subject race into armi's, and ex-
hausting the r strength and life in reducing all
around to the same <-tate if servitude.
But it may be said, that the Eas> India C< mpany
is but a department of the Brnish Government,
thrangh which it exercises its control, and holds in
subjection that vast regien. Be it so. I stickle not
for nice distinctions. But how stands the case un-
der this aspect? If it be contrary to the laws of
nature, or nations, for man to hold man in subjec-
tion individually, is it not equally contrary for a
body of men to hold another in subjecron? And if
that be true, is it not as much so for one nation to
hold another ir> subjection? If man individually has
an absoluie rght to keif government, have not
men aggregated into States, or nations, an equal
right? If thete be a difference, is not the right
the more perfect in a people, or nation, than in
th  individuals who compose it' And is not the
subjection of one people to another usually ac-
companied With, at 1 as', as much abuse, cruel-
ty, and oppressu n, as that of one indivi lual to an-
other? Is it possible to make a distinction which
shall jus lfy the one and condemn the oiher?
And if not, what right, then, I ask, has Great
Britain to hold India in subjection, if it be con-
trary to the laws of nature, or nations, for one
man to hold ano her in subjection? Or, what right
to hold Canada, or her numerour subject cole-
n es, all over the globe? Or, to come nearer to the
point, in what light does it place her boasted aboli-
tion of slavery in the West Indies? What has
she, in reality, done there but to break tre
comparative^ mild and guardian au honty of
the master, and to substitute in its place her
own direct and unlimited power? What
but to replace the overseer, by the aimy, the
sheriff, the constable, and the tax colkctot?
Has she made her s'aves fiee? Gtven them the
rig't of self-government! Is it not mockery 11 call
their present subject condition freedom? What
would she call it, if it were hers—if, by some ca-
lamity to her and the civibzed woi Id, she should
fall under similar subjection to France, or some
other power? Would she ca 1 that freedom, or the
most galling and into'erable slavery?
But I approach near home. I cro s the Atlantic,
passing unnoticed subjugated Ireland, with her
eight millions of people, and only ninety thousand
voters, and placing myself on the boasted shores of
England herself, I ask, how will the principle work
there?
It was estimated by Burke, if my memory serves
me, shortly before the beignning of this century,
that the British public, estimating as such all wbo
exercised influence over the Government, did not
exceed 200,000 individuals. Since then it has, no
doubt, greatly increased by the extension of the
r ght of suffrage and other causes. Say that it has
treb'ed or quadrupled, and, to be liberal, that it
amounts to seven or eight hundred thousand.
In this small portion, then, is vested the
supreme control and dominion over the
twenty-five millions, which constitute the popula-
tion of the British isles. If, then, it be contrary to
ihe laws of nature or nations forman to hold man
in subjection, or one niton another, how cana
small pait or cla$s of a community hold the rot?
Or on what principle, according to that maxim,can
these iew hundred thousands hold so many millions?
If the right of self government forbids the subjec-
tion of one man toan  ther, does it not equally for-
bid that of a small portion of the community ov«r
the residue? And, if so, must not the maxim termi-
nate in ihe utter overtnrow r>f the pre.ent pol tiral
and social system of Great Butain, and the rest of
Europe?
What a p:cture is presented to the mind
in contemplating the present state of things in Eng-
land! We behold a small ís'and, in the German
ocean, under the absolute control of a few hun-
dred thousand individuals, holding in unlimited sub-
jection not less than one hundred and fitty millions
of human beings, dispersed over every part of the
globe, making not less than two hundred to each
of the dominant c ass; and yet that class pro-
pagating a maxim, wiih more than mis-
sionary zeal, that strikes at the foundation
of this nvghty power!     1 would say  to her
