Z7Q
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
26th Cong*...1st Sess.
Petition of Thomas Filhbrown—Mr Reynolds.
H. of Reps,.
sed and decided on without reference.   I leave the
Senate to decide which course shall be adopted.
Mr. GRUNDY said that as very important prin-
ciples were involved in these resolutions, u would
be proper that we should examine the whole ground
before we vite upon them. He was himself pre-
pared to vote now, having had occasioa to examine
the question some time since, but others very pro-
bably had not done so. Tne able speech of the
Senator fiom South Carolina had thrown much
light on the subject, and could not fail of attracting
the atten'ion of Senators to it. He would therefore
prefer that it should be passed ov«r informally
for the present. As to the interference of the
British Government in the matter of the Afri-
cans taken in the Amistad he thought it was
decidedly wrong, and no good coald result from
it. It was a question which could only concern two
Governments—the Spanish and American—both of
which are perfectly competent to pro'ect the runts
of their citizens, and do justice in the premises.
Under these circumstances he considered the un
asked interference of a third piwer an intrusion.
He wished to see what course the Executive would
take in this matter, as in quest on' between foreign
Governm nts and oar own, he thought we should
act nationally—that all the departments of our Go-
vernment should act in harmony.
Mr. KING said he was fully impresred with the
importance of the 'ubject, as no ons could fail of
bems who had inves'i>:ated it, or who I ad listenel
to the remarks of the Senator from South Carolina.
It was a question which, if not arrested and settled
now, will lead to momentous and disastrous conse-
quences hereafter. V.ewmg it in this light, and
with a view to afford an opportunity for full inves-
tigation, he would, with the as<ent of his fuend
from South Carolina, move ihe reference of the
re olntions to th* Committee on Foreign Re'auons.
Mr. CALHOUN assenting,
The resolutions were accordingly referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
REMARKS QF MR.  REYNOLDS
OF ILLINOIS,
In tkt House tfMtprtsentalxves, Mardi 28,1840 —On
the bill appropriating money for the relief of
Thomas Jallebrown, jr.
Mr. RSÍNOLDS said.
peaker: It is very seldom I address the
L would at no time attempt it, if 1 d d
it was my imperious duty to my cju-
I am clearly satisfied ihat a policy is
to be established in this House that will not
favorable to the interests of the people in "the
far West," and partica'ady unfavorable to the
district in the State of Illinois which I represent.
And in order to try to convince this House that the
non-apprtprialion policy is unjust and improper at
this, or any other time, I came here into this
pan of the hall, among my political fnend«, and
n-e up in the midst of them to endeavor to con-
vince them and other , that this is not the true po-
licy of the country.
Every one who knotrs me, is satisfied I am not ex-
travagant in my own case, and therefore would
not wish the Government to be so. But it is belter
n«ver to speak of one's self, and so I will decline any
larther remarks on my private transac ions.
The case now before the House is of the smallest
consideration, and will consume more time in ths
discuss on than the amount of money involved in
it is worth.
It is not retrenchment or economy to delay *he
action of Congress from greater interests, and to
prolong the session for months to come, by ¡-uch dis-
cussion Wtien a committee have the sjbject be-
fore them, and give i', as ihey generally do, a full,
fair, and impartial investigation, I generally
acquiesce in this decision, and support it. Men
must have, to some extent, confidence in one
another, or the bonds of civil, as well as political,
socety, must be sever, d and destroyed. This
would be rumons to the peace and happiness of the
people. We must, to some extent, confide in each
other.
I know, Mr. Speaker, the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, of which I am anhqmblemember, investi-
gate matters thoroughly. This is right. They give
the subjects brought b fore them a fair, and impar-
tial, and, I think at times, a ng rous investigation
They do nothing more than they conceive to be just
and proper. But I can assure this Hou^e that any
thing that comes out from that committee in rela-
tion to ihe public lands may be implicitly relied on.
It will not need much more investigation; as every
part of the public domain is measured operand
over aga n, inch by inch, before any decision is
given on it.
This, I suppose, is the case with other commit-
tees. I presume not to say that any one commit-
tee is better than another. I suppose the Commit-
tee ol Claims give to the subjects before them such
investigation a  we may conhde in.
I know not if the claim now before the Hou e
was investigated by the Hon. Mr. Whittlesey, the
old chairman of the Committee of Claims. He
is absent, aud it will not be said t > be flattery to his
face, to say that he gave these claims that sober
an i searching investigation which resulted in the
(ruth in almo«t every instar ce. There was no
man in Congre s, when I was a witnev. to his
course, to whom was given more unlimited
discretion in the adjustment of the e claim*. Mote
money passed through his hands, on his own re-
sponsibility, than any ether person mm( know-
ledge. The present chairman is near me, and it is
unbecoming, beforchim, to speak in his favor.
Polmcs have njthmg to do in this matter. A
Wmg dollar is the same as a Democratic dollar.
The only difference is, that sometimes the Whigs
favor shinplasters more than the Democrais. But
at in is time shinplasters are net in fashion with
either patty. Ihe conclusion I have cometo in
theie small cases, is to pass them without losing
too much time in their discus-ion. But it is
the policy and course of action of both par-
ties in this House, to pro trate and destroy
certain measures and principles, that I rise
to oppose, and throw my weight, no matter
how ¡-mall it may be, into the opposite scale I do
this at the expense of speaking a little out of order,
and to the displeasure, in a small degree, of those
who have commenced this crusade against necessa-
ry and proper appropriations. I do it for ihe sake
of those whom I represent, and not for "myself.
"Were I to remain silent and see this policy esta-
blished, I would not be the representative of their in-
terest, which they exptc ed me to be. I would be
denied in my duty to my consii uents.
The great and leading objections which are urged
again-1 these accustomed, and I think proper, ap-
propriations, are the deranged state of the Treasu-
ry and the embarrassments ot the country.
These are the grounds, first and last, and all
the time, in the mouths of gentlemen that support this
policy. Other gentlemen, who are opposed io some
of the«e appropriations on constitutional groun is,
think this a mist favorable time to urge, with con-
fident hopes of success, their principles ana pol,cy,
and I am sjiry to say, they seem to bid lair to ob-
tain a complete triumph.
I deny not, that in some sections oi the Union,
money :s scarce and difficult to obtain. The peo-
p'e may in some cases stand in need of money to
satisfy M debts, and to relieve themselves
from embatra'sments of long standing; bnt I
lay down this proposition, and will prove
it—that the Government ot the Uni'ed S ates
is at the present time in a more sound and
solvent condi'ion than it has ever been in s nee its
formation. At no former period has it been o able
to exercise  uch a vigorous and healthy action as it
can at this time. If I do not prove this proposition
to the saus'action of all disinterested m.nls, I never
wdl again aldress th s House on thi  or any other
subject.
The political axiom, "a poor Government and a
wealihy people," will be denied by none, and re-
eo°n s*d by all. That ihe Government 's poor, is
proved by the records, which, ¡he lawyers and
others would say, import "ab-o'ute verity " This
is no disparagement to the Administration ot the
Gove nment. It is m the situation all R  publics
should be—the Government poor, and the people
in a sound and v gorous condition. 1 may also re-
maik in this place, Mr. Speaker, that the Govern-
ment i> e'ear of any debt wha'ever, and is at peace
with all nations, it must also be admitted that the
population increases as heretofore, and that the
great mass of people have turned their atteution to
business and habits of industry more than in former
times
I will freely admit that there is not near the
quantity of bank paper in circulation in the Union
as existed in 1834, '35, and '36.
Facts, "records," and the voice of the people,
prove this assertion to the satisfaction of every one.
And on th's very consideration is the country in a
better and more solvent condition than in those
yea*s.
If any great calamity had swept over the land;
had we been visited by "war, pestilence, and fa-
mine, " or any such disaster as to destroy the sub-
stance of the people,w e would thereby be poor indeed.
Tais is not the I act with us The withdrawal of
enp'y promises to pay will not injure the people.
It is depriving them of no substantial wealih The
excess of bank issues is not the substance of the
country, and it would be a blessing to the people if
such excess would never again return among
them.
These promises to pay are as light as chaff, and
in many instances even want "a lical habitation
and a name " An excess of bank papei not only
opera'e-i as an injury to the p ople, but is in fact a
fraud practsed upon ihe community. The quan-
tity of bank paper in circulatitn, in 1836, was so
great that the interest on it was twenty-eight or
thirty milltoi s of dollars per annum- This vast sum
of money was paid as interest to the banks, for
the use of t'ieír paper in c rculation, and was a
dead loss to the community Tins amount of
interest is surprising; but it is proved by correct
calculations to be true. Th s sum wou d afford
the annual support ofthe Government, and furnish
means for the necessary appropria ions to be made
at each session of Congress.
It is not pretended that there is no interest paid
at th s time for the paper in circulation; but it is
not near so much as hereto "ore. On this consi-
deration, the Government is in a much better and
more solvent condition, and better able to make
appropriations than at any former period.
Giving th s subject a candid and impartial in-
vestigation, we must recognise the principle,
that it is a blrs^ing to our country rather than an
injury, that we have not, as heretofore, a great
redundancy of bank paper in ciiculation. These
earn, ty promises are not a blessing, but rather a
cur e, to the community; and we ought to thank
God and ourselves tnat we have got clear of the
excess of paper circulation. The si nation of the
country is now of that sound and healthy charac-
ter that induces the citizens to use reasonable exer-
tions, and make corresponding expendituies. The
people have abandoned all wild and chimerical
'peculations, and turned their whole energies to
tne ordinary and common avocations of hie. We
see no more wild and extravagant improvements
commenced by State Governments, cirporattons,
or individuals. The season of extravagance and
speculation has, I hope, passed away forever, aud
the people again returned to their " sober se-
cond thoughts," to useful and substantial improve-
ment of the country, and other pursuits of equal
aud lasting benefit to them elves and the commu-
nity.
Another advantage and great b'essing we expe-
rience from this condition of the country is the
failure to import into the United Slates the vast
quantit es of merchandise from ft-reign cot nines, as
we did in the )eais c f exces-ive paper circulation.
We have, no doubt, a sufficient supply ol ihe ne-
c^sary articles from fore gn markets, and ofthe sw-
plus and extra , we are blessed to have nene. Ton
will teach the people economy, and at me sanr
time urge the propriety to manufacture at home
certain articles for themselves.
Tm> course of policy will prevent the a^cumula-
tio i of a vast debt in foreign countries, with which
we were hetetofore embarrassed If we < ollect no
revenue from the importation of foreign goods, we
are blessed with the exemption of any debt for
them; and on this ground we are in a much t*HW
situation than we weie in former limes.
