t7ft
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
26th Cong>"«1st Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Duncan.
Mar, i 840.
H. of Reps.
necessity of its existence ought to rally every pa-
triot to us support. What has superinduced its ne-
cessity* I answer, tht unhappy connection of the
Government with the banks. In May, 1837, the
banks stopped payment with upwards of thirty mil-
lions of the publ c revenue in their possession, and
left the Government without a dollar lo perfom its
fif cal operations. As a matter of necessity the Pre-
sident called Congress for the purpose of devising
ways and means by which the wheels of Govern-
ment might continue to roll. Congress met.
What was to be done? The banks set the Go-
vernment and all its laws at defiance. The Go-
vernment he'd bonds against our importing mer-
chants to the amount of fourteen millions; but no
relief was found in this resource, for the banks
owned the merchants. I say, what was to be done?
Homing but to use the credit of the Government.
How was that to be used1? But two plans pre-
sented themselves. The one was the issue of
Treasury no'es to the amount of the wants t f
the Government, or to apply to the moneyed
aristocracy of Europe for a loan. The former
was adopted—the entire Democracy voting for
and sustaining it against the entire Federal par-
ty, who were ia favor of the lat'er.
The act then passed to authorize the issue
of Treasury notes, has once or twice been
renewed since, from the same necessity, and that
is the objecl of the present bill. I herewith
submit an extract from the Treasurer's report,
which will illustrate.   The Treasurer says:
Thus, u lo a permanent deficiency in 1310, the Secretary
says.
"1 he efficient means in that year will then amount, in the ag
pégate, to.....«20,156,385
If CongTOM should make appropriations to the extent
desired by the different Departments, the expendi-
tures for 1840, independent of the redemption of
Treasury notes, are estimated at                            20,000,000
Including all the Treasury notes to be redeemed, the
aggregate expenditure would be about                    22,750,000
This would leave a deficit in the Treasury, at the
close of the year, amounting to         -          •           2,593,315
He then adds, that certain debts are due frcaa the State banks
and tlie United States Bank, which, if paid duly, will prevent a
deficit; but that it is not prudent to rely exclusively on the pay-
ment of those debts, and hence that other modes of obviating or
meeting it are proper.   Thus he states-
Bu'. there will be due from the United States Bank, in Septem-
ber next, on its fourth bond, about    -          -          «2,526,576
The principal now due on the Treasurer's deposites
in other hanks, which suspended specie payments
in 1837, is         -          -          .          .          -            1,149,904
Should all these claims be collected in 1840, they
would prevent a deficiency, and leave an available
balance in the Treasury of nearly -          -             $1,082,565
It is not, however, considered prudent to reply exclusively on
the collection of these debts
One mode, then, of obviating any difficulty from that circum-
stance, will be to reduce the aggregate of law appropriations,
by postponing some, and lessening'others, 30 that the means
probably available will be sufficient to meet all rails upon the
Treasury, and leave in it an average balance of about two mil-
lions."
He then adds, afterwards:
" But, when acting on these or other cases, if Congress can-
not, consistently with its views ofdutytothe countiy, adopt
the course suggested, and restrict the amount of appropria-
tions, whether ordinary or extraordinary, to the certain current
revenue, the en'y remaining 1 ourses which seem defensible
are these;either to provide for recalling pomons of the public
money now deposited with States, or estab lsh an adequate
system of direct taxxtion, or at once resort to the contingent
power contemplated in theexis'ing laws connermng the tariff,
when changes become necessarv for purposes of revenue, and
restore theduly on seveial articles of luxury now free "
Thus the Secretary urges action on it in the first
half of the jear, and acsi?ns his reasons for it:
"All these, and similar considerations in favor of some per-
manent provision on this subjpet, apply with still greater foice
than they have heretofore. The available balance in the Trea
sury, to facilitate its operations, u much smaller than has for-
merly been usual. The receipts on the debts still due from
banks, after two previous disappointments as to some of them,
must be regarded with increased doubt; and if they should be
paid within the coming year, the outstanding Treasury notes
become redeemable in the first half of it, and must be discharged
•orne months before the bond of the Bank of the United States
falla due in September."
In conclusion, he adds:
"Ths Department, therefore, is now without any resort, tem-
porary or permanent, incase of ma erial deficiencies, and con-
sidering all the circumstances before mentioned, with the dan-
gerous liability m law to have the whole outstanding Treasury
notes paid m at any moment for public dues, without a power
remaining to issue others in their stead; considering also the
present revulsion in the commercial world, which affects so
seriously the receipts from both duties and lands, c msidenrg
the disasters which are befalling the banks, and rendering our
collected funds in some cases wholly unavailable, and the ad-
vances necessary to be soon made for the large payment of pen-
sions, and Treasury notes falling due in March, Ihe earliest at -
tention to new legislation on this subject seems highly pru-
dent, if not indispensable, for the effectual security of the public
credit"
But, sir, notwithstanding this plain, honest, and
unsophisticated statement of the finances of the Go-
vernment and the necessity of this measure, which
is a part of the Secretary's teport, and plainly
hinted at in the President's message, the Presi-
dent and the Secretary have been charged, in the
face ol these facts, with attempting to ?ull and
deceive the peop'e by withholding, in the mes-
sage and íepoit, the real stale of the hnances. What
is there too reckless for these modern Whigs to do?
Sir, I have presented ihe expose of the Secretary
of the Treasury. It is sufficient for my pur-
pose to show the necessity of the issue of the
amount of Treasury notes for which it provides.
An intelligent community will appreciate ihe im-
portance and necessity of the measure. It has
been objected to on conftituiioual grounds. This
objection I will leave to those who assume to them-
selves the peculiar and exclusive guardianship of
the Constitution—to those whose political monoma-
nia is so well understood, that the Constitution has
as little to fear from them as the community has to
fear from  the prophetic predictions of the lunatic
pining in the last stages of refined metaphysical
abstracion.
This bill has been in Committee of ¡he Whole
House for nearly two weeks. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, at us intro-
duction, made a short explanatory speech. Another
ot the committee [Mr. Vanderp >el] made a short
speech of the same character. These are all the
Democratic speeches that have been made in its
behalf. The balance of the whole time has been
consumed by the Whigs.
In the discussion, every measure of the Adminis-
trat on has been se zed on and made the subject
of unmeasured abuse; to all of which I will not now
attempt to respond. 1 will wait for the action of
the House upon another measure shortly to be be-
fo, e it, (I mean the Independent Treasury;) and I
will now confine my remarks to the subject of the
Florida war.
In the remarks which I am about to make, I
may use language which may be considered un-
becoming this place; if so, it must be charged to
the unlimited abuse and reckless denunc ations
which we hear everyday and every hour from the
Oppositon, and which we, the Administration,
and ihe whole Democratic party, are the subjects
of; and this is ah the apology I have to make.
But to ti e Florida war.
Mr. Chairman, I take it for granted that an at-
tempt will be made to convert evtry measure ot
the Administration, now before the country, of a
general characte -, as well as tho^e of a special na-
ture, more immediately connected with the Admi-
nistration of the Government, into political capital.
This, the Opposition have a political right 10 do.
I suppose if I were a Federalist, and as hard run
as they are, I would do so too. At a time when
ihe financial circumstances of Sparta were greatly
embarrassed, a person offered Callicraiidas (her
principal commander) 50,000 crowns, under such
ci'cumstañces as Callicraiidas thought dishonora-
ble to Spsrta, and he refused to accept i1; upon
which Cleander, one of his officers, said, "I
would accept the offer if I were in your
place," ' and so would I if I were in
yours," said Callicraiidas. I suppose if I pos-
sessed the same principles that govern them, I
would take the same means which they do to carry
them out. If the Federal s's have a political nsht
to thwart the Administra! ion in all is measures,
right or wrong, and to use all means, fair an-1 foul,
to bring it into disrepute with the peop'e at home,
and dishonor and disgrace abroad, su-h a right
is not exetcised in patriotism, nor is it foun 'ed in
honor or justice; and while they are exercising, in
base and unmanly abuce, a privilege which finds
a political right in ihe free inst tutwns of our coun-
try, rather than in the pure principles of justice or
manly and honorable resistance, I hold the friends
of this Administration will find an apology with
the people who support it, in nsing a part or rfceir
lime and means in repelling the charges whi h con-
stitute the political capital of the Opp viiion
Among the many nuasures furnishng tharges
(as is pretended) of corruption and profli-
gacy against the Administration, none seems to
be more fiuitful than the Florida war. Every Whig
in the country, however unacquainted he may be
with the Florida war, its cause , Us progre&s, the
difficulties attending its management, or the means
the Administration have or have not had to termi-
nate it, takes the cue from this Capitol, and yelps
exlravag nce, disgrace, imbecility, and profligacy.
Yes, sir, the veuest coxcomb that ever strutted m
buckram, or represented the brainless dandy, who
never heard a musket shot, or saw an Indian, can
chatter the failures of ihe Florida war, and pro-
nounce sentence upon the Admm'straUon and the
Wai Department, with alt the periness of a well
taught parrot; and from ihts Capitol proceeds their
lessson.
Well, sir, while the Opposition are denouncing
the Administration in broad and unqualified terms,
without defining cause , or giving reasons for the
procrastination of the war, for the benefit of those
who may read me, I will ask your attention a short
time, while I briefly trace some of ihe difficulties
which the Administration have had to eBcounier in
Floula.
Florida i^ situated between the 25th and 31st de-
grees of north latitude. It is bounded on Ihe south
and west in its whole extent by the Gulf of Mexico,
and on the ea't by the Atlantic ocean, in its whole
extent on that side. It is near tour hundred miles
in length, and its average breadth is near
one hundred and fifty miles. It presents a
surface nearly level, made up of everglades,
lakes, swamps, barren pine lands, and hammocks,
wuh some good and well situate! land; of each of
these varieties nearly an equal quantity. The
swamps are almost impassable, and the hammocks
almost impenetrable to any human being, except
an Indian.
Within the half century of the time when
all Europe was waked up by the discovery of
the New World, and when men dreamed of no-
thing but carving out provinces by the sword, of
dividing the spoils of empires, plundering temples
of their riches, riding upon the billows with loads
of enslaved captives, and despoiling nations of their
wealth and Governments, or "to plunder the accu-
mulated treasures of some aacient Indian dynasty."
I say it was about this time, or in 1512, that Juan
Ponce de Leon, an adventurer of Spain, discovered
Florida, and, in the name of Ferdinand, made
Spain its owner. Ponce, as a reward for his disco-
very, was made rts Governor, on condition that he
would colonize it. Some time after thu dignity
was conferred upon him, he repaired, with two
ship loads, to take possession of his new province,
and select a si'e for a colony. He had not more
than landed, when his crew were attacked by the
Florida Indians, many of his men killed, and him-
self mortally wounded. He and the remainder of
his men hastened to the ships, and sailed lo Cuba,
where he died of hs wounds.
The next attempt to colonize Florida was made
in 1528, by Pamphelo de Navarez. He entered
Florida with three hundred men, some of whom
were moun'ed. He was at'acked by the Indian*,
and but five escaped, all the rest oí whom fell a
saciifice to the Indans, pestienc?, or famiie. The
love of discovery, plunder, and wealth, sti I raged,
nor did all thess disas'ers prevent another attempt
to seek fortunes m Florida. Ferdinand e'e Solo,
an ambitious courtier, embarked with reven or
eight hundred troops (some of whom wers mount-
ed) and emigrants. No sooner were they landed
than the Indians made them a sacrifice to their
cunning, by leading them through swamps, ever-
glades, and hammocks, scarcely passable or p«ne"
trable, in search of gold, until they were funk with
fat gue, and los in ihe wilderness; bat, stimulated
with prospect--, they were led sti'l further, unt-1
they were beyond the province, and yet no gold;
but the Peruvian prospects led them high in the re-
gions of the Red river, but famine and pestilence
compelled them to retrace their march to the Mis-
sissippi, where, when they arrived, scarce on 
third of their number were alive, and, with some
frail and temporary boats of hasty con traction,
they reached the Gulf of Mexico, where they wde
accidentally p.cked up, and taken to Cuba.
Another attempt was made, with more relig ous
solemnity, to se'tle Florida, in 1547. Through the
influence of Philip, then heir apparent to the crown
of Spam, Louis Caneello, a missionary of the Do-
