r
Mar. 1840.
26th Cong«"«1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr, Duncan.
£73
H. of Reps 
ttinicari order, gained permission to visit Florida,
ihi attenfpi the peaceful and Christian conversion
of the ríátivés. All the Governors of the Spanish
colonies were directed to fivsr the undertaking.
¿)1 means that were calculated td advanée the
measure were advised. The slaves that had been
taken north of the Gulf of Mexico were manu-
mitted and restored to their country. A ship was
fitted out, and the holy crew dismissed with more
than UbUal solemnity; but Louis had no sooner
landed, than he and a fellow priest, with several of
bis 6rew, were slaughtered. Florida was aban-
doned. It seemed as if Death blade1 the atenúes
, of Florida his abode, and guarded its shores.
F While Victor? perched upon the Casiilian jtan-
dard every where else, the sands of Florida were
!   perpetually wet with Spanish blood.
The French turned their attention to Florida, and
p'anted a colony, by a commission from  Charles
IX.   The squadron which bore them was com-
manded by John Rebault,  a brave man, of ifiari-
time  experience.    They   were   landed, but re-
mained but a short lime, and, in their reireat,
came near famishing on the cc?an.    After the
tieacberous   peace   between   Charles   IX.   and
¡he Huguenots, Coligny pushed h;s solicitations
for the éolonizátitín of Florida.   Tne king gave h;s
consent; thre;- ships were conceded for the service,
and Laudon' iery, who had been on a former voy*
age on the American coast, was appointed to lead
forth the colony.   Sixty days of favorable wind
landed them tin the shores of Florida.   The bene-
fits of the new colony of Huguenots was enjoyed hut
a short time, when the jealousy of Spain was
a oused.   Melendez was appointed and commis-
sioned by Pnilip IF, king of Spain, to invade Flo-
rida, and disposse s the Huguenots—and himself
made Governor of the territory.   He was accord-
ingly fitted out with the requisite force, munitions
md supplies.   A terilpestuous voyage landed him,
with most ot his forces, at the harbor of St. Augus-
tine.   Soon the Huguenots were attacked and mas-
sacred in a manner of which I shall not now shock
humanity with a description, but which, for barba-
rity and cold blooded inhumanity, has not its paral-
lel in the annals of savage or civilized warfare, ex-
cept in the heart-sickening tceats of blood and in-
discriminate slaughter which have marked the Flo-
rida war.   This last invasion secured Spain in the
possession   of   Florida,   and    her  blood-stained
Hoops,  who   intermarried   with the natives, be-
came her occupants.    Their blood now flows in
the veins of  those with   whom   we   were   bat-
tling.    The French court paid bar Utile attention
to that brutal and inhuman slaughter of the Hugue-
nots.   But the French nation and the Huguenots uf
Prance did not share in the apathy of the court.
Dominic de Gourgues, a bold solder of Gasconv, by
his own means and some  contributions of  his
friends, filed out three vessels, and with a force of
one hundred and fifty, sailed for Florida.   He did
net expect with this force to occupy the country
permanently; his object was revenge. He surprised
two forts and took a number of prisoners, but find-
ing himself unable to maintain bis position, he hung
his prisoners upon the trees and placed over them
the inscription: "I do not this as unto Spaniards
and   manners,   but    as  unto   traitors,   robbers
and murderers}" and   hastily   sailed for Europe.
Some     short    time     before     ihe     commence-
ment   of    the   Revolutionary   war,    an   Eng-
lishman by  the   name of   Turnbull brought a
vessel loaded wuh Greeks to Flor da, under a pro-
mise that they should be provided with a home, but
who, as soon as landed, were reduced to slavery,
and consigned to the sugar fa*ms.   A part of them
made their escape into the interior, and found a
safe retreat among the Indians, with whom they
intermarried.   A part of them were restored to
liberty by the interference of Pitican, whose name
a creek now on the Atlantic side of Florida hears"
Florida has long been the retreat and asylum of
aegro slaves; they have long found protection by
the Indians, with whom they intermarry, and their
offspring now make a part of the savages of that
Territory.
Spain, it is well known, was largely indebted to
the United States for foliations committed'upon
American commerce,   Our claims were liquidated
by a cession of Florida, by what is known to be
the Spanish treaty, signed and confirmed July
10th, 1831, which is recognised substantially as
followsi
"Whereas, by the treat; Concluded between the TJnited States
and Spain on the 22d day of February, 1819, and duly ratified,
the provinces of the Floridas were ceded by Spain to the United
States, and the possession of the said provinces is now in the
United Slates."
By this treaty, I say, Florida became a Territory of
the United Siates; and by the provisions of the treaty
the Federal Government was, and is, the exclu-
sive owner of the soil, and holds the same in fee
simple, except such portions as were owned and
occupied by citizens, pursuing civilized cultivation;
ana they, by that treaty, became ciizens of the
United States, and were bound and protected by the r
laws. The kingdom of Spain had a right to occu-
py Florida by the law* of nations and, having the
r.ght to occupy, had the right to convey, and did
convey. The United States, by the laws of na-
tions, had the right to purchase, and did purchase.
The conveyance was full and unconditional, as
appeals by trie whole treaty, and every part thereof;
in consequence of which the United States forth-
with extended her jurisdiction ovef the whole terri-
tory. But it is said and asserted by the Indians
that the Spanish agent assured them, through their
chiefs, that it was not the intention of the Spanish
Government to cede any portion of Florida to the
United State , except what was then occupied by
those pursuing the occupations of civilized hie, nor
one acre " on thit tide " of the furrow of the p'ough
share. Such an exception may have been made
With the Indians', if so, it was a fraud prac-
tised oa them by the Spaniards, or their agent;
but, as they Were no party to the contract, and the
United States having had no part in the promised
reservation, consequently their right to the exclu-
sive jurisdirtion to the whole territory and their
freehold in the soil is absolute.
But the right of the United States to the freehold
of Florida does not depend upan the cession of
Spain, the right of occupancy by conquest, nor the
arbitrary laws of nations. The Federal Govern-
ment purchased from the Florida Indians, in 1823,
upwards of three millions of acres, for which the
sum of one hundred and six thousand dollars was
paid; and in 1834, four million ihiriy-two thou-
sand six hundred and forty acres, for which the sum
of two hundred and ninety-five thousand five hun-
dred dollars was paid.
The possession of the United States to the terri-
tory, and jurisdiction over it, seemed to be undis-
puted until 1835, when the supposed claims of the
Indians were asserted by some of those barbarous
outrages and cold-blooded murders which have sig-
nalizd ihe Florida war from its beginning to this
time.
Now, sir, I am prepared to respond to some ot
the charges made against the Administialion, and
particularly against the War Depattment, for the
manner in which this war has been conducted, its
procrastination, the millions it has cost the Govern-
ment, and the alleged imbecility ot s -me of the of-
ficers who have had charge of it. I have before
S'ated, and I now say, that all these charges are
made for political effect—made to blast the reputa-
tion of the Administration, to sink the cau-e of De-
mocracy, and advance the Federal cau>e; and in
character and concert with the never-casing
torrent of slander and reckless abuse which has
been poured upon every Democratic Administration,
from the days of Jefferson to this time, and will be
continued, while the Democracy sways the Go-
vernment. I mean what I say, and I say what I
mean. I will now ask your attention, while I pre-
sent the history and practical operations of the
Florida war; the nature of the country, which
is its theatre; the character of the enemy with
whom we are contending, and the embarrassments
under which the Executive and the War Depart-
ment have had to labor.
. I have stated that the Florida war broke out
late in 1835. It will be remembered, at that time
we were threatened with a war with France. The
time bad arrived when our claims upon France
for spoliations could no longer be deferred, without
subjecting ourselves to the charge of national de-
gradation  and submissive cowardice.     General
Jackfon, who then  adminisiered ihe Government,
was compelled, in his message on that subject, to
recommend reprisals on French vessels and French 
property, fs ihe only means of redress left.    This 
was a viriual declararon of war; a   reciprocal
declaration of war on the part of France,  or a
liquidation of our claims, was Ihe  only  alterna-
tive left h*r.    To  her national honor,  and the
cause   of   justice,   she  chose   and   fulfilled the*
latter;   but  while   she   was   contemplating  fhe
course    she    should    take,    war    hung    over
ouf heads,   and  at   the   same   time the  Indian
war was i aging   in Florida.     The  Administra-
tion was denounced from   Maine to Florida by
every corrupt Federal sheet  and  every  Federal
strut in the  land, for not subduing the enemy in
Florida, and for not defending the poor Floridians
from the merciless tomahawk and  the torch of
the Indian—when it was  well  known  by every
intelligent   man in  the Union, and acknowledged
by every honest one, that  ihe safety and the inte-
rest    of   t'^e nation    demanded that  the whole
force of the American troops should be kept on
the seaboard so" long as the French war threa-
tened us.   What was the  trying situation of the
Administration then, sir ?   While every Federal
demagogue and every bank pensioned sheet was
denouncing it for not sending troops to Florida, 'h«
safety and dignity of the nation forbade it.   TW
candid, though honest, acknowledgment of its ina-
bility to do so, was prevented hy a laudable and
necessary national pride; and the Administration
was prohibited the exercise of a just and what
would have been a triumphant defence against the
vile calumnies of the times; for, had the Admi-
nistration, or its supporters, acknowledged iis ina-
bility to withdraw troops from the seaboard to de-
fend our frontier from the barbarity of the In-
dians, it would have been a virtual acknowledgment
of our inability to contend with France in the
war in wh ch we were about to embark, and which
ve ourselves had virtually declared; and France
would not have failed to have taken advantage of
our acknowledged weakness.     Sir, I say if such
an acknowledgment had been made by the Admi-
nis'ration, oar claims on France |would be now
unliquidated, and we would, at this day, in all pro-
bability, be in the midst of a war with her.   But an
acknowledgment, which was due in justice to the
Administration.
Our Government is one of limited pow-
ers. The Executive of our Government is an
officer, bound by limitations. He is not a Rus-
sian autocrat, with a standing army of six hundred
thousand regular troops, and with power to order
as many more, and wih power to raise the means
to maintain thtm. No, sir, our Constitution pro-
vides "that the President be Commander-in-Chief
of the army and navy of the United States, and of
the miliiia of the several State?, when called into
the actual servce of the United States." The
power to declare war, raise armies, and to maintain
them, belongs to Congress, and net to the Presi-
dent. So far as legislation is concerned, the Pre-
sident is but a co-ordinate b anch of Congress, and
his positive pewers are confined to the signing of
bills which may pass the Senate and House at
Representatives—hi* negative powers consist In*
withholding his signature, and that power avai s
him nothing should a bill pass bo'.h popular
branches of Congress by a vote of two-thirds of
each branch. This is the amount of power the
President has in raising and maintaining armies.
What was ihe Administration to do at the time 1
am speaking? Threatened with war by France;
actually involved in war in Florida, and the un-
stayed tomahawk performing, in savage barbarity,
the work of death; beset with slander and falsehood
by every unprincipled, corrupt newspaper Átett,
and every unprincipled Federal coxcomb dema-
gogue in the land; without the power to preaeftre
the country, or resist the enemy; and without the
power (in prudent exercise) of jasiifying itself
against the base slanders heaped «pot  it, by de-
claring its want of ability; wrnrt,! a**, was the Ex-
ecutive to dol Why, there was bnt one duty for
him to perform; but one pewer for him to ****&?
and that duty and that power was prescribed by tn«
Constitution, as follows:
V
