Feb. 1840.
26th Cong.... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Rives.
£81
H. of Reps.
rible scenes of murder and burning. It is said that
a pious and exemplary cit zen, on seeing the man-
gled corpse  and the smoking ruins of the dwelling,
«claimed, in feeling and horror, that he would
employ hell bounds and devils against such an
enemy-                                     __
Bui the Executive and the War Department
have been assailed and denounced from one end of
toe TJaion to the other, for importing bloodshounds,
to be used in the Florida war. Now, sir, I have to
inform you that the whole charge is but eiif of the
retkless, unprincipled, and vi'e slanders of the
times, propagated and promulgated tor the base
purposes of party. Neither the Executive nor tbe
War Department have had any hand in the impor-
tation of blood hounds. It is the work of the Flo-
rida authorities, a matter over which the Executive
and the War Department have no control, except
whether they shall be used as instruments of war in
the hands of the United States troops, or, if permit-
ted, in what manner they shall be used.
I present the reply of the Secretary o[ the War
Department to a communication of the Hon. H.
A. Wise to him on that subject, which J ask may
be read by the C erk, and which I shall make a part
of my printed remarks
The Clerk read as follows, Sena'e Document
187,1st session 26.h Congress, page 4.
On this Idler I endorsed the following decision, which was
communicated to General Taylor: "1 have always been of
opinion that doga ought to be employed in this warfare, to pro-
tect the army from surprises and ambuscades, and to track the
in'lian to his lurking-place: but supposed, if the General be-
lieved them to be necessary, he would not hesitate to take
measures to procure them The cold-blooded and inhuman
murders lately perpetrated upon helpless women and children
by these ruthless savages, render it expedient that every possi-
ble means should be resorted to, in order to protect the people
ofFlonda, and to enable the United States forces to follow and
capture or destroy the savage and unrelenting foe. General
Taylor is, therefore, authorized to procure euchnumber of dogs
a  he may judge necessary, it being expressly understood that
they are to be employed to track and discover the Indians, not
to worry or destroy them."
This l  the only action or correspondence, on the part of the
Department, that has ever taken place in relation to the matter.
The General took no measures to carry into effect his own re-
commendation, and this Department has never since renewed
the subject. I continue, however, to entertain the opinion ex-
pressed in the abeve decision. I do not believe that descrip-
tion of dog, called the bloodhound, necessary to present surprise,
or track the Indian murderer; but I still think that every cabin.
every military post, and every detachment, should be attended
. by dogs. That precaution might have saved Dade's command
from massacre: and, by giving timely warning, have prevented
many of the cruel murders which have been committed by the
Indians in Middle Florida. The only successful pursuit of In-
dian murderers that 1 know of, was on a late occasion, when the
pursuers were aided by the sagacity of their dogs- These sa-
vages had approached a cabin of peaceful and industrious set-
tlers so stealthily, that the first notice of their presence was given
by a volley from their rifles thrust between the logs of the
house; and the work of death was finished by tomahawking the
women, after tearing from them theu infant children, and
dashing their brains out against the door posts. Are these
ruthless savages to escape and repeat such scenes of blood,' be-
cause they can elude our fellow citizens in Florida and our re-
§ular soldiers, and baffle their unaided efforts to overtake or
«cover them 1 On a late occasion, three estimable citizens
were killed in the immediate neighborhood of St. Augustine,
and one officer of distinguished merit mortally wounded. It is
in evidence that these murders were commuted by two Indians,
who, after shooting down the fathei, and beating out
the son's brains with the butts of their rifles, upon hearing the
approach of the volunteers, retired a few yards into the woods,
and secreted themselves until the troops returned to town with
the dead bodies of those who had been thus inhumanly and
wantonly butchered. It is to be regretted that this corps had
not been accompanied with one or two hunters, who, with
their does, might have tracked the blood-stained footsteps of
these Indians, have restored to liberty the captive they were
dragging away with them, and have prevented them from ever
again repeating such atrocities Nor could the severest casuist
object to our fellow-citizens in Florida resorting to such mea
sures, in order to protect the lives of their women and children.
Very lespectfuliy, your most obedient servant,
„     „                                               J. R. POINSETT.
Hon. Henry a. Wisb,
House or Representatives.
War Department, January 26,1S10.
Sib- It is understood by the Department, although not offl
«ally informed of the fact, that the authorities of the Territory
of Florida have imported a pack of bloodhounds from the island
0fCuba,andIthmkit proper to direct, in the event of those
dogs being employed by any officer or officers under your com-
mand, that their use be confined altogether to tracking the In-
dians: and in order to insure this, and to prevent the possibility
of their injuring any person whatsoever, that they be muzzled
when In the field, and held with a leash while followin  the
track of the enemy.                                                     °
Very respectfully, your mostobeditnt servin',
„ ,   „     „ „                                     J- R- POINSETT.
Brig. Gen Z Tatlor,
Commanding Army of «he South, Florida.
I now ask to ie d the following resolution, which
alse shall make a part of my speech:
Mr. Adams submitted the following resolution:
Kttolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to report
4* this Boon tht natural, political, and martial history of the
bloodhounds, showing the peculiarf fitness, of that class of war-
riors to be the associates of the gallant aimy ol the United
States, specifying the nice discrimination ol his scent between
the blood of the fieeman and the blood of the slave—between
the blood of the armed warrior and that of women or children
—between the blood of the blark¡ white, and colored men—be-
tween the blood of savage Seminóles and that of the Anglo-
Saxon pious Christian. Also, a statement of the number of
bloodhounds and their conductors, imported by this Govern-
ment, or by the authorities of Florida, from the Island of Cuba,
and the cost of that importation Also, whether a further im-
portation of the same heroic race into the State of Maine, to
await the contingency of a contested Northeastern boundary
question, is contemplated, or only to set an example to be fol-
lowed by our possible adveisary in the event of a conflict.
Whether measures have been taken to secure exclusively to
ourselvesthe employment of this auxilary force, and whether
he deems it expedient to extend to the said bloodhounds and
their posterity the benefit of the pension laws
Mr. Boyd demanded the yeas and nays on the passage of the
resalution; which were ordeied
Mr Adams said, inasmuch as the yeas and nays were order-
ed, he would wish to explain before the question was taken.
The resolution, in consequence, was laid over under the
rule
Sir, if any other member than the venerable gen-
tleman frcm Massachusetts had offeted this resolu-
tion, I would have thought him a fit subject for the
dark cell of a lunatic asylum. Or it his reason was
evidently so as to prevent such a conclusion, and
knowing that he had read the communication of ihe
Secretary of War, (a document which has been ly-
ing on our desks for some weeks,) I would have
thought he was wilfully, designedly, and malicious-
ly, attempting to practice a base fraud upon the
American people, and a vile slander upon the Ad-
ministration.
I presóme it is not the intention of the Secretary
of War to enrol the Spanish bloodhounds of Floii-
da with Ihe pension so diers of the Revolution.
When the lime comes that di gs must te enrolled
with men, I can tell you a list on which they will be
placed. I mean the black Ji^t. The list of tho^e
who violated the Consti'uiion, tramp ed upon the
sacred righ's of the American people, and d# ba«ed
the purity of the elective franchise in 1824, by the
appom'n-ient of a man to the highest and most re-
sponsible office known to our Government, who
was not of the people's choice.
It is a principle hi ethics and philosophy.that there
is a time and place for every thing; and it is a prin-
ciple in propriety that every thing should be in its
place. If dogs are to be enrolled with men, l>t
them be enroled with those who have di*graced
their stations and dishonored their Government.
Bu' let patriots be enrolled with paHoK
If the solicitude manifested on the «urj°ct of
the employment of bloodhounds in Florida be not
the result *f morbid humanity and Christian sym-
pa'hy, or the whining, pinin , snifil ng cants of hy-
pociisy and demagogui-sm, when had it iis begin-
ning?
I ask your attention while I read the conclusion
of a proclamation of the pious Gove nor of Penn-
sylvania in 1764, and also the conclusion of the
ordinance of ihe court, and ihe proclamation of his
Excellencv. Wil'iam Shirley, Governor of the pud
tans of Mas^pcV-u-eiH, null more celebrated for
their p'e'y, in 1744, at a time when pie y held to
high a «eat that the man who would so lar forget
himself as to kiss his wife on Sunday, was subject
to ih* payment of a h°avy fine, and, for aught I
know, corporeal punishment. But here are ihe
extraes:
"AND WHEREAS, it is necessary for the bettercarrying on
offensive Operations against our Indian Enemies, and bringing
the unhappy war with them to a speedy issue, that the greatest
Encouragement should be given to all His Majesty's Subjects
to exertand use their utmost endeavors to pnisue. attack, take
and i'e-troy our said Enemy Indians; I DO HEREIIY DR.
CLARE AND PROMISE, That there shall be paid, out of the
Moneys lately granted for His Majesty's Use, to all and every
Person and Persons not in the Pay of "this Province, the follow
ing several and respective Premiums and Bounties for the
Prisoners and Scalps of the enemy Indians, that shall be ta-
ken or killed within the Bounds of this Province, as limned by
the Royal Chartei, or m Pursuit from within the said Bounds;
that is to say,
"For every Male Indian Enemy, above Ten Years old, who
shall be taken Prisoner, and delivered at any Forts garrisoned
by the Tioopslnthe Pay of this Province, or at any ol the
County Towns, to the Keeper of the Common Gaols there, the
Sum of ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY SPANISH DOL-
LARS, or PIECES OF EIGHT.
" For every Female Indian Enbmv, taken Prisoner and
broughtin as aforesaid; and for every Malb Indian Enemy,
of Ten Years old or under, taken Prisoner and deli vend as
aforesaid, the Sum of ONE HUNDRED AND THIRTY
PIECES OF EIGHT
''For the Scalp of every Male Indian Enemt, and above the
age of Ten Years, produced as evidence of their being killed,
the Sum of ONE HUNDRED AND THIRTY FOUR PIECES
OF EIGHT.  And,
"For the Scalp of every Female Indian Enemt above the
age of Ten Yeais, produced as evidence ol their beiug killed,
the Sum of FIFTY PIECES OF EIGHT.
"AND that there shall be paid to every Officer or Officers,
Soldier oi Soldiers, as are or uhall lie in the Pay of this Pro-
vince, who shall take, bring in, and produce, any Indian Ene-
my Prisoner or ccalp, as aforesaid, ONE HALF of the said
several and respective Premiums ane Bounties
"Given under my hand and Gn at Seal of the said Province,
at Philadelphia, the Seventh day of July, in the Fourth
year of His Majesty's Reign, and in the reign of our LORD
one thousand seven hundred and Sixty-Four.
JOHN PENN.
By His Honour's Command.
Joseph Shippen, junior, Secretary.
GOD Save the KING "
So mach for pious Pennsylvania; now for the
puritans.
"On the 26th of October last the General Court of this Pro-
vince \ oted, that there shall be paid out of the public Treasury,
to any Company, party, or person singly, of his Majesty's sub-
jects belonging to or residing within this Province, who shall
voluntarily, and at their own proper cost and charge, go out and
kill a male Indian of the age of twelve years or upwards, of
ths tribe ef St. Johns or Cape Sables, after the twenty-sixth
day of October last past, and befo/e the last day of June, anno
Domini one thousand seveu hundred anJ forty five, (or for such
part of that term as the War shall continue ) many place to
the Eastward ol a line to b<? axed by the Go\eruour and His
Maiesty's Council of this Piovince, somewhere to the Eastward
of Penobscot, and produce his scalp in evidence of his death,
the sum of one hundred pounds in bills of ciedit of this Pro-
vince of the New Tenor, and the sum of one hundred and five
pounds in said bills for any male ol the like age who shall be
taken Captive, and delivered to the Order of the Captain-Gene-
ral to be at disposal and for the U3e of the Government; and the
sum of filty pounds in said bills, for women; and the like sum
for children under the age of twelve years ki led in fight; and
fifty five pounds for such of them as shall be take prisoners,
together with the plunder.
And upon the second day of November instant, His Excellen-
cy, with the advice and consent of the Council, issued a proclama-
tion for giving public notice of the said encouragement; where-
in they have also fixed the line (to the Eastward of which the
said Ind'ans may be slam or taken, or made prisoners) which
line is to begin on the sea shore at three leagues distance east-
wardly from the Easternmost part of the mouth of Passamaquod-
dy rivet, and thence to run North into the country through the
Province of Nova Scotia to the river St. Lawience.
Sir, I would like to com ncnt on these extracts,
but I mti't leave that to ihoie who may read them,
for I have alieady consumed too much of the lime
of the commi'tee. Permit me to conclude, by re-
turning my sincere ihanks for the patience and at*
tendon with which I have b en he<trd.
of M*L Johnson of
iee of Elections
iff the ten indivi-
' State of New Jer-
imber of votes at the
rvply to Mr. Smith of
SPEECH OF MR. RIVES,
OF VIRGIMA,
In the House of Representative, Fehruary 26  184 0—
In favor of the proposition  " *'" '------
Tennessee, to instruct the |
to report, forthwith, wh.i
duals c'aiming seats from :
sfy received the grea est.
election of 18?8, and in*
Cunnee'icut.
After Mr. Smith took his seat,
Mr. RIVES rose and said:
Nothing, Mr. Speaker but the importance of the
subject under consideration, coull induce me, un-
der pre er.t circumstances—the House beirg fa-
tigued, as it must be, by the elaborate remarks of
the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith ]—<o
detain it with any additional remarks; bm I feel
it a duty I owe, not only to myself, hut to the peo-
ple I represent, to let it be known what I ha e
done, and also what I think we should do, in
relation to the New Jersey case.
In order, said Mr. R. that we may not be led off
from the plain subject at issue, I beg have, in the
first place, to s ate ihe circumsiances unJer which
we met here at the beginning of the session. Th* 
is done for the purpose of comparing with each
oiher the princples and actions of the two parties
which divide thu House.
Long before the mre'mg of Congress, much wa 
said throughout the United Slates abtut the "ttte-
tton" and ' return "' of persrns to represent the peo-
ple of New Jersey in the present Hoose of Repre-
sentatives—it beirg charged, on the one hand, that
the return Was in conflict with the «lection; and on
the other, that if such was the fac', "it could, and
ought to be, corrected by the Hodm, it being the
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications,
of its own members " It was also said, prior to
our arrival here, that an effort would b* mae'e by
us to exclude the persons who were eommisMoned
by the Governor, and to force inio their seats persons
who had no evidence of their election. Now,
although we believed that the Governor had usurp-
ed powtrs that did not belorg to him, and had, tn
