¿sé       ___________
2&TH COKO""1ST SsSS.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Rives.
H. of Reps.
defiwce of Ibe Cons ltuti m of the United S ai«fs
and the laws of h>s State, returned persons to thi>
House whom the people had refused to elect, what
did we, the Admini-tration party, do?
Fearing that we migh' be wrong, and fearing
that we might be charged with sacrificing principle
to party purposes, if we permuted the pesons who
claimed seats by virtue of their elec ion by the peo-
ple to come in as members of this Home, and
anxious to occupy ground that ought to keep our-
selves above suspicion, we thought it best to adopt
the conree recommended, at the last ve-s on, bv the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
which recommendation was in these words:
That every member of the House of Representatives of the
United State* ough , belore taking his seat therein, to produce at
the Clerk's table, or to deposite in the Clerk's office the creden
uala by virtue of which lie claims his seat, and in all cases of
contested election, no member ought to be permuted to vote
until the House, upon a report from the standing Committee of
Elections, or by the vote of the majority of the raembeis present,
being a quorum of the House, shall have decided which of the
claimants is entitled to the contested seat
This course, we know, too, was su<timed by
precelent—Moore and Letcher having leen re-
quired to stand aside nil their case w«s acted on
by the Committee of Elections
However anxious we might be to e'ect a '
Speaker, Ctok, and Printer, whose politics might
be in accordance with our own, believing that thr
was the safe course and one calculated to keep us
free from the charge that the Opposition made
agamst us, we proposed that both parties shop Id
stand aside, though we thought the returns ough t
to have been founded on the election, and that Í
they were not so, tbey must be illegal.
For thc-e reasons we took a c< uise that has pre- ,
vented New Jersey from having her full  represen-
tation up to this time, believing, a* we did, it would
be better for her to have no representation than to
be mi=rrpresented.
But what was the coune of the opposite party?
Those men who received the certificaos oí the Go
veornor, though no man ever said, here or else-
where, (so far as 1 have heard,) that they received
a majority of the whole number ot votes cast by
ihe people cf the State—these men who succeeded
in ob'aining returns against the Constitution of the
Un ted Siates, agamst the laws of the State, and
the wishes of the renple, must have seats at all
hazards. This was the curse oí 'he Opposition.
But was there a man of the Administration pariv
who was fcr giving seats, under the then state of
thines, to thtse who biought with ll em evidence
of their having received a majority of votes? Not
one. You recollect, Mr Spealer, what was the
astorn-.hm< nt of t*e Oppos t on afier ihe Honse re-
fused lo let the "broad seal" men qualify, that we
did no' p opose ihe qualification of those u ho came
here on the return ot the facts of the case. Not
one of us, however, advocated such a measure,
either in that case, or the ona from Pennsylvania.
In the latter case, we had befo'e us doub'e re-
tarns, and although the Wh g candidate was not
returned in ihe regular way, las poht.cal friends
we e for countirgull the ballots that Me e in the
ballot boxes, relyirg not on tre return, tut on the
voles, whether pul in btfore or during the electiw, and
they succeeded, loo, in having him qualifed, by the
atd of Mime three or four of our party, who were
at the time induced to trunk the election had been
fairly conducted
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is my intcn irn to rnmine
somewhat into the course that h*s been pursued by
the gpntleman fern Cf nnect.cut, and in doing this
I intend to show that h- has advoca ed tie conduct
of an officer who has at te 1 in direc vio'a' on of ti e
Consilium n of the Unned Stats, at.d in conflict
with the laws of New Jersey.
What dee-, the Constitution of the United S ates
r&y in re'ation to the election of MemteiS of Con-
gres ? "That the EIouss of Representatives shall
Decomposed of members chosen every second year
by the people of the several States " An I that the
"times, place , and manner of ho dirg elect rns for
Senators and Representatives, shall be pr^enbed
in each State by the Legislature thereof" And,
furthermore, that ' each House sha'l be the judge
of the elections, returns, and qual fi aticns of its
own members." Now let us see what New Jersey
did under the authority firen to regulate the' t mes,
p'aces, and manner of holding elections" in that
State?
After fixin  the umes and places, md directing
by law the mode of voting, and designating the
officer* who shall conduct elections, their law is,
that,
After the poll is closed, the judge and inspectors shall, to
gether with the clerk (township clerk) of the election, proceed,
without delay, to take an account ot and cast up the voles
given for each candidate, and shall make separate lists of ihe
same, which list they shall sign, certify, seal up, direct, and
transmit to the clerk of the «ounty, who shall attend at the court
house of the county, on the Saturday next after the day of elec
turn, for the purpose of receiving Ihe same, which list shall be
deliveied to him bef ire fiveo'clook in the afternoon of said day,
which said cleik shall then proceed in a public manner lo
make due general list of all the candidates voted for as
aforesaid, toeeth-r with the number of votes received for each
of them, ant shall transmit the same, at the expense of the
State, to the Governor, or person administering the Government,
within seven days thereafter, having first caused a duplicate
thereoftobe filed in his office, together with the lists fromthe
said townships
The saire law makes it the duty of the
Governor, or person administering the Government and
Privy Council, to determine the six persons who have the
greatest i tunbei of votes from the whole State for Representa
tives in Congress of the United States from that State which
six persons the Governor or person administering the Govern
ment shall forthwith commission, under the great seal of the
State to represent the State in the House of Representatives of
the Congress ef the United Staies
The laws of 'his State further provide:
That if the certified lists of votes given for Representatives of
this State m the Consress of the United States, shall not lie re
reived (rom the clerks of any of the counties of ihis State, by
the Governor, or person administering the Government, within
seven days afier the day prescribed by law for the casting up of
the votes, making a list thereof and fortifying the same, by the
clerks of the respective counties in this State, it shall be the du
ty of the Governor forthwith to send express to the county or
counties from which such  certified  lists of voles have  not
been received, and procure  the same at the expense of the
State
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us wqu re whether the
persons who were comm'ssmne 1 by the Governor,
were "chosen by the people" of New Jer-ey. That
being done, it can readi y be decided whether the
complaint shon'd be against u«, or against i)V Go-
vernor of that State, for not having on this floor a
rer res ntatt' n equal to hercops'itufronal right We
contend that a return, un'ess it be founded on an
election by the peop'e, is not suffic ent to entitle
persons to occupy seats in this House as ihe Re-
presenta ives of the people—that the returning r ni-
cer of an elect on is nothing more than the instru-
ment i f the law, tr the organ through which is con-
veyed (o us the names of ihe chosen agents—that
votes are better evidence of ihe prpular will than
return!, when the pol's are introduced to falsify
and invalidate the returns—that as one party came
with the commissions, and the other with the facts
of the case, and said to u-, "judse of the elections
and returns," it was o-ir duty to do so. And hence
it was, that we l> Id them to s'and aside until there
could be an examination into the mst er.
In corrmittee, Mr. Speaker,*  e have had a most
laborious t me of it—not to settle the real issue,
but to sustain a new issue; not to determine wh ch
party received the greatest number of votes, but to
devise the p'an by which the returning officer cou'd
be protected from exposure. The "broad seal"
men found they held only the shadow of a claim;
that the evidence proved they had been appointed
by the Gove nor—not elected by the pe iple—and
a'though we had, in ihe first instance, committed,
m the estimation of ihose men, such a "palpable
outrage on a sovereign State," ihey have shrunk fi om
the ground first occupi d, and resorted to a scheme
that was not heard of till last November, i>ome
thirteen or foirteen months after the election.
Sir, the m mber from Connect cut [Mr. Smith]
comp'ains heavily of the awnlment pr< posed by
the gentleman ftom Tennessee, [Mr. J' hnson,]
which requires that the c mmi tee shall report
forthwith which of the five persons teenved the
greatest number of vote' from the whole S ate.
Why so much vehemence? Why resist the in-
struction with so much feeling, when he knows
there is no dispute nou> about thai fact; and the
chairman, in whom he has to much onfilence,
has told ihe House that that duty can be perform-
ed in two hours'? Is it because he is unwill'ng
that the facts of the case sha'l be published to en-
able the community to s"e where the corrupt^ n
lies' Does he df sir  that the various Leg s'a ures
to which the New Jersey reso'u'ion* have been
sent, shall act in the dark, when, by reporting and
printing, ihey will have light? So far from com-
plaining myself, as a member of the committee, I
rejoice at it, give the gentleman my thanks, and
hope the Hi use will acL.pt h s amendment
Irnnt the papers, Mr Speaker, and you will see
that, by the agency of two Whig clerks, the votes
polled in two townships were suppressed, in viola-
tion of the law I have quoted. Print 'ihnn, and
you will find the returns made by the town«hip of-
ficers were hied in the offices of the e Wh g clerks,
and that.liey had the humiliating duty to perform
of giving cert fie I copies of ihrm lo the persons
injured by the &uppression. Punt them, and it
will be seen that the Governor knew, when he
counted the votes, those cast at Mtllville and South
Am^oy had not been returned, and yet he would
not "send express for them " Print them and it will
appear t^at, as these Whig clerks would not send
them, the tow nship officers sent them, and a portion
of his council insisted on their being coun'ed—but
all ía vain. Yts, Mr Speiker, adopt the amend-
ment we are con l'enng, and you will soon see, by
examining other township  returns, ihat, if Whig
majorities h*d bteu given at Millville and South
Amboy, thev wou'd never have been suppressed.
Adopt it, and e*e<y one who is not wilfu'ly b ind
must come to the conclusion that the Governor
commissioned five persons, when he knew that five
others had recei ed a majority of the whole num-
ber of votes ca^t in the election.
I have, Mr. Speakpr, many reasons for desiring
ipeedy acton on inn subj-ct, and a lew more of
them I will present to the House. Among other ■
thinzs, it has bten said by the "broad s al" men,
or appointees of this immaculate Governor, that by
our act "we disgraced the h strry of a regular re-
presentative Government." This is said by men,
too, who never had the audacity to deny the fact
that ether persons got a maj nty of all the vo es
cast in the election, and when—so conscious were
they that they cculd not retain their seats—they had
proposed to the adverse party that all of them
should resign their respec ive lights to seats, and
ha e a new election. Now, do you think, Mr.
Speaker, that they were of opinion they could re-
tain their seats, except by a "lawless and revolution-
ary powei? ' No; never would they have mide
such a prop' smon, but for their looking on it as
a hope e^s claim. Let the repo.tcome in, sir, I
beseech the House, and have the corruption ex-
posed fo ihe world.
I am unwilling, for another reason, that thi  ioi-
qui'ous conduct to which I have alluded shall re-
main locked up m the coram tt e room till the 2nd
Monday in April. When this outrage was first
perpetrated orr the people of New Jer-ey, ihe Go-
verrursudit was not in his power to repair the
injury done by the two clerks of whom I have spo-
ken; but it was the duty of the House ot Represen-
tatives, and he h iped it would exercise its nght of
judging of the "elec ion and returns," and do am-
ple justice to the parties. We took on ourselves
the discharge of ihis cons* tutionil duty, as we
were bound to do, and pray what dce-> the usuiper
say now? In ihe most imperious manner, h  says
"whe her my decision in granting ih* ceitificates
was right or wrong, Congress, at all events, is
bound to rec-ive the credentials thus furnishe*, as
the mandate of the State,"&c. And his arrogance did
not stop here; he wa« not content wnh saytng-ihts
to the Legislature of h s own S ate, but advices an
appeal to the several S ates to enter their solemn
prote t against the usurped powers of Congress.
s ir, the boldness of the man isequalkd only by the
enorm ty of the crime he has perpetrated. Not
only has he undertaken lo abuse us for keeping his
Whig friends cut of the r seats, but has a«sailed, in
a most wanton manner, the Secte'ary of hr? State—
and fcr what' Because, when called on by the per-
sons who were elected by the peop'e, for a copy of
the paprrs that wrre berore the Gov  mor andón
file in his office, he had the honesty to furnish them.
It he had had an "appro/ing conscience"—if he
had supp sed the facts of the cpse justified the re-
turn he m?de, i- it possible that he could have de-
sired a suppression of the fact- on wh'ch he came
to his coicluiion? Never. He knew b  had re-
turned m?n—not becaue they bad been elided, but
because ihey were Whigt.
