Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ass
26th Covg«"«1st Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Hives.
H. of Reps.
A<-ain: the Governor and his appointees say, it
was°"/or P<w<s pttrp ses" 'hey were kept ou' of
their seats;  nJ that charge, ot itself, mdtpendently
of all oth r considerations, would cause me to be
anxious to have ihe papers printed, that the com-
munity may jtHge whether it was not the wi-h of
one party to preserve the purt'y of elections, and
of the other to invade the representative principle
of our Government.
One party beheve the pesple to be capable of
self-government, and that it is the doty of this
House to protect them in the exerc se of that right,
against invasion, from whatever quarter it may
come. The other, however, disregarding the popu-
lar will, are witling to receive, as memb°rs on this
floor, parsons as Representatives -vh n they know
they have not been elected. One of thf se parties
asks for light, with a vi«w to a correct decision—
the other prefers to give judgment in the dark.
Yes, Mr. Speaker, party commenced this thing,
and party must end it. Republicans elected Re-
presentatives, and a Whig Governor refused to
commission them. In lb.it situation the question
reached us, and if there be more members in this
House who are disposed to be governed by the
Cons'it ution and laws, than there are of those who
disregard every moral, civil, and political restraint,
New Jersey will soon have on this floor men who
were "chosen by the people,"
Sir, 1 have witnessed, wi h some degree of mor-
t nation, the political aspect of this question, not
only in New Jersey and in this House, but m my
native Stae You have noticed, no doubt, that
our Whig Governor, at the request of the Go-
vernor of New Jersey, has 'submitted the case to
tie Wnig branch of our Legislature, with a re-
qoest that condemnation may be passed on us.
And pray, sir, what was the fate of a proposition
of one of our friends, who desired to act under-
stindingly on the subject, and, with that view,
moved a call on the Governor of New Jersey for
copies of all the papers that were before him and
his Council at the time he made the re'urn? Not
one Whig, I believe, in that body, voted with him,
although anxious, no donbt, to pass judgment on
us for exc'udmg both sets of claimants till the com-
mittee cou'd examine into the truth of the case.
[Here Mr. Randolph, the only member on the
A >or from New Jersey, enquired of Mr. Rives
whether a portion of the Administration party did
not also vote against the resolution in his State Le-
gislator?.]
Yes, said Mr Rives, some of them did vote
against the resolution, believm?, as they did, it was
a subject w tb which thty had no right to interfere,
the He use of Representative* being the judge, un-
der the Constitution of the United States; and not
believing it possible that any Governor in this
Union would pay so little respect to the Constitu-
tion, the laws, and his oath of office, as to commis-
sion men to represent a Slate, when the people had
not only not elected, but had, by a considerable
majority, rejected them.
And here permit me io say, Mr. Speaker, that this
act of Governor Pennington inflicts an injury on
the character of the office he fills, and is calcu-
lated to les-en the confidence we have heretofore had
in the acts of the Chief Lxecutive officers of the
8utes. We have been taught to Rive " full faith
and credit" to the public acts of officers thus h ghly
promoted; but this usurpation of power will cause
ns hereafter io look with d «trust on the official
acts of these officers. In this point of view, howe- |
ver much the lawless act we are discus-ing may j
be deprecated, it may turn out to be serviceable,
as it is calculated to increase the vigilance of the
people, and arouse them to the maintenance of
their rights. It is, and has been fpr several years,
tie policy of one party, (that which claims the
right of the Governor to appoint members of Con-
gress,) to mystify and mislead the public mind.
In this they frequently succeed f( r a whi'e, but give
the people time—give ihera 'igh'—and they invari-
ably get pgh' " in the Ion? run "
I^jhíj anxi us, 'o<- «no her reasm, that a re-
port shall be made forthwiift, as is proposed by the
amendment, and tba' the evidence «.hall be «p-eJily
printed It   th s: ad s ing-n-h^d citizen ofV.rgima
—I mean the head ot "the armed neutral party," who
his been an enemy in di<guise for more than two
years, has at length the manliness to come out in
the open fkld and rank himself with the enemy of
popular rgits.    He, loo, hat. joined in the tirade
against us for undertaking to protect the people in
their representative rights; and as he was once the
favorite son of Virginia, and may yet have some
influence, I am anxious to disarm him, by a publi-
cation of ihe facts connected with this great consti-
tutional question.    He, ju>t now, when the Whig
convention is about to «ret m Richmond to nomi-
nate elec ors for President and Vice President, has
drawn aside the veil, and after many other things,
says: "When to these,  and to other evidences ot
contemptuous disregard for the rights and dignity
of the States, to which I have already referred, we
add the bold act of party pewer, by  which the Pre-
sident's friends in the other House of Congress did
not hesi'ate to disfranchise a sovereisn State of the
Union of her constitutional right of representation,
in order to effect the election of a party Speaker—a
di«f anchisement which to this day is cont.nupd,
and may be indefinitely prolonged—we may form
some idea of tlte modesty, as well as ju«t'ce, with
which the President and  his party have presumed
to   appropriate to themselves the name of State
Rights RfpuMicans."
Now, Mr. Speaker, although he has thus assail-
ed our motives, and may thereby cause his new al-
lies to see that be is trustworthy, it will not induce
me to say what I think caused him, at this parti-
cular time, ti lay a*ide  his previous "dehcacv,"
and become the champion cí uexecutive supremacy,"
against law, Const tut on, and the sovereign will of
a mij >rity of the people of a State     His abandon-
ment of princip'es  we thought I e  once possessed,
and joining ih° Harrison party, will not induce me
to say more, than that, wh "n tie sees the evidence,
it is to be hoped his good sense wnl induce hm to
recant whit he has said on this, subject.    For he
cannot, will not, adhere to the < diou^ doctnre now
for the first time introduced into this cojn ry,that the
House of Reprecentatives has not a right to "jud^e of
the election , returns, and quahfieat ons of us (wn
members."   His new born 2eal has mad-'h m leap
in the dark in h s transformation from a "no party" o
a "pirly man," and has cauced him  to  forget in
what "the s >veretgnty of a State" consists.    He
and I, Mr.  Speaker,  on  a memorab e occasion,
when it was thought  the Union  was in danger—
when so much was said about sovereignly, thought
alike—"that siverf ignty was in the people ot the re-
spect ve States."   But how is it now?   / a Ihere to
that doctrine, and he believes, with his new all.es,
that the sovereignty of New Jersey is in the ' broad
seai" of Governor Penning on—thit the sovereign-
ty of the State is the will of one man, and not the
will of the people.
We have been charged m various directions
with having d sfranchised a State, and cur act  are
nullities in the estimation of the madcaps who are
writhing under the apprehension that justice is
likply to be done to the people whose rights hive
been thus ojtragei.
Yes, Mr. Speaker, in our snxietf to keep our-
selves above suspicion, and to do nothing that
could seem to operate injuriously on e.ther partv,
we did do wrong, and I am anxious to repair the
inj'iry without delay. Our error was this: bains:
'o'd that certain men had been elected by receitr-
ina a majority of vrtes, and the fact not teirg dis-
putccl by the adverse party, we ou;ht forthwith to
have disregarded the fraudulent returns, and have
eiven ihe scats to the people's chosen represenia-
tives. Let me beg of the House to direct a report
to be brought in—see the evidence—ret on it, and
give the seats to the true and lawful repres°n*a-
tives. Do this—promulge the facts—expose the
usurper—save the Constitution—quiet the people—
and stand justified before all the friends of a re-
presentative Government.
Sir, connive at conduct like this, and the con-
sequences will be direful indeed! Sanction con-
duct like this, and jou will be justly chargeable
with recreancy to ihe most sacred principle on
which this Government rests. Appro ve this act
of whi^h I am c mplaming, and you withdraw
from New Jersey the guarantee that she shall be
secured in " « Republican fom of Government."
Let (his act go uncondemned, and you will have
'ailed to protect this much injured people "against
invasion" of their ngh's Sanction this proceed-
ing, and you do not protect the people of that
S ate "against domestic violence " Check this thing,
Mr. Spaaker, or you will see, before many years,
civil wars in the place of peace and quietude, ani
mobs regulating the affairs of the nation. But let us
abandon for a while the^e melancholy forbodings,
andconsiier the subject in another aspect
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Smith]
has labored wuh a zeal worthy of a better cause,
to prevent any report fiom the committee before
the second Monday in April next, at which time
the part es are to return with ihe evidence they
are now collecting. I beg to remind him ihat
the evidence th«y are p'ocuimg will not affect
the present question; fiat will be confined to the
ultimat  right Tne evidence is c imp'eie as to the
question who received a majority of votes, and
that fact only is contemplated to be reached by the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Johnson ] They are ■.epara'e questions, and
I hope they wi 1 not be b'ended; for if the persons
who were commissioned by ihe Go vera rr received
a majority of votes, they were properly re-
turned, and ought to be occupying th^ir seats.
If, however, they dil not, they w.re ille¿ally re-
turned, and tne others ought to have the seats.
The Governor of New Jersey has appealed to
the various Legislatures to sustain him in the
return he made, and we desire to sh >w that his
right to commission did not authorize him to do
so without the happening of something which the
evidence proved did not occur. Bear in mind
the argun.ent (if argument it may be called)
of the member f ora Connecticut. He says it
would be gross injustice to the parties, f<r us
to do any thing in their absence, as th(y left heie
ui der a belief t^at there would be no action
on the suljfct before iheir return. A complaint
ot this soi t, the gentlemen ought to know, can-
not le f ui d d ou the fads of the ca e. For
thecommittee, to prevent seen a conclusion, ?dop ed
a re o ut.on n which it is stated, "Nothing herein
contained shall be construed to prevent thf com-
mittee from making a preliminary report at any
stage of us proceedings " But suppose what the
member has assum d as true, had in reality been
so, his remarks about ' breach of fanh," would
not ppply to me; for I wish it distinctly undcr-
siood that we (the Republican members of the
committee) made ineffcc ual resistance to the
rr.ea ure,on the ground that the committee had no
rtgh', under the authority given us by the Hou«e
"to send for persons ani pipers," to send the
parties home to take depts'ims; and it was my
opmim, from the commencunent of the investiga-
tion, that there wts no law in New Jersey under
which evidence could be taken to prove that illegal
votes hid been cast in the election. All that New
Jersey had done to pro ect the balkt b< x s agairst
bad votes, wa  to s ate the nece-sary qualifications
of voters, ani to mpise on her sworn election
officers penalties, if they*received illegal votes.
My doctrine i*, that, whilst in all e'ections of
mrmbfr of Congies<—whe.her he voting be tiw 
voce, or by ball >t, s<j-ne will be given in that are
not legal, th y mus be cons dered lawful, un-
til they are p oved to be ll'ezil vo es In the one
mode of voting, there is but lit 1 d fficuly in prov-
ing votes to be spurious, but where the laws re-
qu.re, as is the case in New Jersey, that the secret
ballot shall be u*ed, and a fine cf tventy dollars
can be recoverel of a person who attempts to
vi e without a r g'n t3 do so, it must be excee linsly
d ffi u't to introduce pos tive evidence to establish
for whom a man may have cast h s vi te.
Sir, I agr^e wuh my colleague, [Mr. Botts,]
who, I regr t to p~rceive, is not in bis seat, "inat
the people of ffew J.r>ey have never cootemplated
such a thug" "In that State, (said h', on a
former occasion,) they vote by general ticket, ana
by ballot; and the idea of canvassing a «ho e en-
ure State, and takipg testimony in every part oi u,
in a deputed election, never «^.*" m,"£s
a, being reasonable or probab'e.  Whilst, Mr
Speaker, I agree with the gen lemán in this, I must
urast co I>A fVfc" back in ,he in1uiry thaa h3
