Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
A6th CokG"-«1st Sess.
Treaty with the New York Indians—Mr. Lumpkin.
Senate.
Suppose, then, at the coming election in tiat
State enough of the township returns should be
•oppressed to defeat the popular will in the Presi-
dential election. Iu that case, there wruld be so
constitutional tribunal foi them to appeal to for a
redress of the giievauce; and then would come
the "tog of war," ihe worst sort of war—a civil
war. Yes, Mr. Speaker, there would be battles
more dreadful than those of "Trenton, Prince-
ton, and Monmouth," during our struggle for
independence against a foreign foe.
To prevent such a state of itrngs from occurring
in this country, I beseech the House to quiet the
people of New-Jersey by acting forthwith; for, up
to tais time, they have acted with great;forbearance
—waning the judges, the consii utional judges,
quietly to settle the controversy. Refuse 10 do it—
refuse to condemn the usurper—and you enrage an
already excited people, and thereby endanger the
safety of the Governor himself. Do it, and you
defend the Constitution, check usurpation, quiet
dissensions, and protect your consciences against
«If reproach.
Sir, it may be thought that I show too much
feeling on this subject. I do feel, and feel sensi-
bly, the stab that has been aimed at the living—
yes, the vital—principle, by which alone can be
kept alive a Representative Government. It is, I
hope, a proper feeling that animates me; that
which should be felt by every American citizen
who has any regard for a Republican Government.
It the Governor of New Jersey had sent men here
who had not been candidates, who had not been
voted for at all by the people, the act would have
been much more sufferable than sending the per-
sons he did. The persons he sent were candidates;
they were rejected by the people, and the Gover-
nor knew it. If he had sent individuals who had
not been voted for at all, the ingenuity of man is
each that some defence might have been attempted.
In the case that did occur, the evidence is po-itive
that the people did not only not choose, bat abso-
lutely rejected them; and none but the most reek-
less partisans will even talk about its propriety.
If, however, he had sent men without being voted
for, his friends could have had a presumption to
■land on. They could have said they were very
suitable, being talented, «fee. and that, if they had
been candidates, would certainly have been elected.
I hedíate not to say, that I would much sooner
attempt to sustain him in the supposed ca«e than in
the one that is now disturbing this whole nation.
Sir, mis subject increases in impoitance as you be-
eose acquainted with the circumstances attending
it; and tyrants have trembled on their thrones for
crimes far less offensive than this act of Governor
enniDgton.
Mr. Speaker, we ought to act, and that, too,
without delay; for it has been said, oat of this
Hoase and in it, that we cannot bind the people by
tele that may pass during the disfranchisement of
New Jersey; and it has also been said here, by how
many I do not know, but I recollect the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Sir. Adams,J and my
colleague, [Mr. Wise,] that your election took
place, when we had no right to elect. I differ with
snch as entertain these opinions; but to remove all
difficulties, let New Jersey be no longer disfran
chised, have the seats occupied, and then if gentle-
men choree, we will elect a Speaker, and pass con*
«titmional laws
Mr. Speaker, tfes is not only a legal, but a
great constitutional question  e are called on to
adjudicate, and I regret my inability to do justice
to it; and although I would like to say more, I
feel it my duty w refrain from it, as there are
many others who wish to follow me. But before
I conclude, I will make an appeal to the party in
tai  Hoos* to wbJcb I am politically opposed.
Now, I beg you, I implore you, for the sake of
onr common country, the Constitution and union
<rf the States; for the sake of the laws, the purity
of elections, and harmony of our constitaenu-, for
the sake of justice, peace, and quietude, give to
New Jersey her "chosen" representation. Do
IfaftWrebuRe the usurper, and let it be seen that
paariotism rides over Oe mil mu man, in this
ball, and we «baa have nothing to fear from inter-
na eonwndtieni. But if yfcu sniffer yourselves to be
led by your party predilections in perfoiming the
duty of judges, and will not surfer persons who are
" duly chosen by the people," to take their seats,
scenes will occur that will be deprecated by every
patriot of the land. Americans are sensitive on
this vi'álly impoitant question; and from what
occurred at Harrisburg, you may form some idea
of the length to which they go in defence of a right
that is " inestimab'e to them, and hateful to tyrants
only."
And before I sit down, I must address myself to
the party with which I act—the Republicans of this
House—and remind them, that we alone are charged
with having deprived New Jersey of her just weight
on this flnor.   It is true we have been tardy, but
the evidence will show the falsehood of the charge;
and it is our duty to renew our exertions to get it
printed.   I beg of you, then, to be at your post*,
and if I had not spoken, would desire you never to
leave your seats without requiring the committee to
report.    But as it is, I intreat you to come here in
the morning, resolved never to *leep before the pro-
posed instructions are given; for this is a case more
singular in its character than any that has hereto-
fore been exhibited in the anna's of our country. It
is a case in which injustice has been done to a ma-
jority, and we alone can settle the matter in a peace-
ful mode.     Be assured, if we do not,  and in a
shoit time too, violence and disorder may be the
consequence; lor, unless the stock has greatly de-
generated since the Revolution, Jersey men are of
.such stuff, that "creeds, tests, and anathemas, might
be tried; stripes, fetters, and dungeons, might do
their best; racks, flames, and gibbets,might exhaust
all their powers;" and every effort to deprive them
of their right to "elect," would end in miserable
disappointment.
1840—In Eiecu-
with/the New York
SPEECH OF MR. LUMPKIN,
OF GEORGIA.
In  Senate, Thursday, Maxfh 19,
tive ses-ioo, on tne treaty
Indians.                       ]
Mr. Sevier (chairman |f thy Committee on In
dian Affairs) having majde / report and speech
against the ratification ofi th/ treaty,
Mr. LUMPKIN rose anfsaid:
Mr. President: In risint#o advocate this treaty,
and desiring, as I do, to refveise the report of the
Comoai tee on Indian Affair.-, I am duly sensible
of the magnitude and responsibility of my under-
taking. The aduiit'ed ability, and great ingenuity,
with which the chairman of the committee [Mr.
Sevier] has sustained his report in opposition to
the treaty, and the indications of approbation
manifested by Senators in every part of this cham-
ber, to the speech and views submitted by the
chairman, is well calculated to make me feel the
full force of my position. Yes, sir, my position
appears to be that of leading on a forlorn hope.
But, sir, a sense of duty urges me on tothecon'est;
and nothing less than my taking the lead will satisfy
my friends in the Senate, who concur with me on
this subject.
As a member of the Committee on Indian Affairs
at the last session of Congres*, (heavy as the task
was,) I had examined this subject in all its pa. ts
and bearings, so far, at least, as I was capable of
of investigating a subject so complex and difficu t
to be comprehended. At the present session 1 had
not supposed it necessary to enter upon an entire
reinvestigation of the subject, not deeming it ne-
cessary to go further bach than to the actien of the
Senate on the subject at its last session. The Se-
nate then expressed its sanction of this treaty, with
the single provito, that the President of the United
Slates should first be satisfied that the assent ot Se-
neca tribe ot Indians had been gives to the treaty,
according to its true intent and meaning. And if
we now sos'arn the views of the Senate, asexpre sed
at its last session, our duty is narrowed down to the
¿ingle question—has the assent of the Seneca chiefs
to the treaty been thus obained or not? This, sir,
is the true issue now before the Senate, and the
friends of the trea'y should not suffer themselves to
be diverted from that issue.
. But, sir, the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Swrnca,] having «ecu pied *H the ground connected
with this treaty, from the beginning, and especially
every historical fact and circumstance cor.n°c'ed
with the subject, calculated'to invalidate and bring
it into disrepute, it therefore becomes the impera-
tive duty of those who support the treaty, to travel
over all the ground occupied by the Senator. The
Senator from New Y"rl<, [Mr. Wright,] having
yesterday replied to that pan of the chairman's
speech, in rererence to matters antecedent to the
trea'y of June II, 1838, I do not deem it strictly
necessary forme to go further back than the Pre-
sident of the United Stat's has done in communi-
cating the treaty to ihe Senate. It may, however,
be proper to state, very briefly, how it happtisthat
we hav« such a variety of par ies in interest, con-
nected with this treaty. Will, sir, as stated by the
chairman of the committee, the Sta'er of Massa-
chusetts and New York, in the year 1786, in an ad-
justment of their confl cing territorial claims, final-
ly agreed that whiie New Yoik should have the
jurisdiction and government of a certain district of
country, being, in part, the country embraced in the
present treaty, Massachusetts should have the
right to the soil, subject, however, to the occupant
rights of the Indians then inhabiting the ?ame. The
pre-emptive right to these lands were sold by Mas-
sachusetts to Robert Morris, of Phi'adelphia, on the
11th of May, 1791, and are now represented by
Ogden and Company of New York. This, sir,
accounts for the agency of Massachusetts in con-
nection with this tieaty, and will cause meto be
understood hereafter, when I speak of General
Dearborn as the agent of Massachusetts, superin-
tending the negotiation of this treaty in connection
with Mr. Gillett, who acted as commissioner of the
Uni'ed States in making the tieaty.
And now, sir, in the language of the President of
the United States in communicating this treaty to
the Senate, let me express my decided conviction,
that the treaty will be alike beneficial to a'l
the parties concrned; to the Indians, to the
State in wliich the land is situated, and to
the more general interest of the United Sta'es
in consummating her policy in relation to In-
dian affairs. Now, sir, if I can demonstrate
that this treaty is beneficial, and a blessing to all
the parties in interest, shall we s'ill refuse to sanc-
tion it? If I prove that its rejection will be highly
detrimental to the b^st interest of the Indians, to
the State ot" New York, and to the United States,
shall we still refuse to ratify it? S.r, when I con-
sider the moral degradation of these Indians, and
reflect that they cannot escape from the destruc-
tion attendant on thir continuance ii their present
abodes, I cannot estimate the value of immortal
beings by dollars and cents. I cannot be altogether
as suict in my inquiry in regard to the propriety of
the Un'ted States incurring some expenditure, in
an object so essential to the preserv .tion of a rem-
nant of a once powerful rare.
The President of the United States informs you
in his message, that this trea'y presents the only
prospect for the preservation of these people. He
saj s: " Surrounded as they are, by all the infla-
enc;s whuh work their destruction, by temptation
they cannot resist, and artifices they cannot coun-
teract, they are rapidly declining," and " that
where they are they must soon become extinct."
And, sir, this statement of the President is fully
sustained by both the Senators from New Yo¡k,
as well as by General Dearborn and Mr. Gillett,
and every other gentleman with whom I have con-
versed, who is acquainted with the presect and
true condition of these people. And yet, sir, we
find persons professing all that is benevolent,
pious, and good, who are unwilling to let these
people go. This treaty is tru'y recommended by
the liberality of its provisions to the Indians It
gives them 1,824,000 aeres of land in the Iodiin
territory West, and the sum of #400,000 fer their
removal and subsistence, for education and agri-
cultural purposes, the erection of miHs and o'her
nece.-sary buildings, and the pninaoiibo of the me-
chanic arts-, besides some o.her minor, but ad-
vantageous provisions. From the enumeration
of the specific object* to which this money is
to be applied, it is proper for me to remark here,
that I takeii for granted, that while these provi-
sions of Hie treaty are munificent and beautiful
