S86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono.......1st Sbss.
Treaty with the New York Indsam—Mr. Lumpk n.
JMar. 1S40-
Senate.
to the Indians, that the expenditure must legra-
dual, and therefore cannot burden the Treasury.
It is believed, that ten thousand dollars will
not be required from ihe Treasury in twelve
months, to carry out the provis.ons of the treaty.
A small sum only w ill be required at first, and will
probably increase as the migrauoa progresses.
In exchange, the Government obtains 435 000
acres of the best lands near Green Bay, lying
on Fox river, and near the best port iu W iskon-
sin. This land is said to be m demand, and
disconnects the white settlements which aie al-
ready made in that coun'ry. The public inte-
rest wcu'd be greatly promoted by the early set-
tlement of this 435,000 acres of land, with a while
population; and if it eould be brought into mar-
ket, no doubt is entertained of its be ng readily
sold and speedily settled by an industrious and ea-
terpMsng population. At the Government price,
(and ii is believe i that most of it would sell
tor more,) it would mt only reimburse the
Treasury for the necessary appiopriation to carry
out the tr aty, but it would exceed it by one hun-
dred and filty thousand dol'ars. Indeed, it is be-
lieved thu the demand upon the Treasury to
carry cm th's treaty, might be suppled from these
lands. It has been suggested by those opposed
to the treaty that this land might be declared
forfeited to the Government; but the supple-
ment to the Meiiomcn^e treaty ot 1831, gives no
definite time f.r i s occupation, and the Presi-
dent has prescribed none. Moreover, the New
York Indians paid a large cons deration for
the^e lands, by their treaties with the Menomo-
nees in 1821 and '22, which treaties were approved
of by the President of the United States. But
their purchase from the Menomonees amounting to
about 1,500,000 acr.'s, in r«gard to its ju«tice and
policy, being called in'o question, iu the year
1831, treaties were made lor the purpo e of
reconciling all the conflicting claims, by which
the United States acquired the territory' in dis-
pute, giving the New York Ind ans, however,
500,000 ac es of ihe dispued land, and the Me-
nomonees |20,000 tor their acqu tscence—ill of
wh ch may te seen by reference to the treaty with
the Menomonees of 1831. Under these circum-
stances, the title of these Indians cannot be justly
disturbed till another home is proviJed for them.
And, sir, ihe tract of country set apart for the New
Y>>rk Indians, by this treaty, is not ?o serious a
consideration to the Federal Government as gen-
t'emen  eem to contend. A territory west ot the
Mi-s.ssippi has been procured, and sacredly set
apart by this Gove'nm*nt, amply sufficient for the
location of all the remnant tribes of Indians which
may be found remaii-.ing in all the States and Ter-
ritories of this Union. It is the settled policy and
wi-h of th's Government thus to locate these In-
dians- And, sir, if these poor, perishing people
were entirely destitute of all the necessary means to
contribute to their own comfoit and se tiement in
the slightest degree, the duty would heroine^ in
that case, the more imperative upon this Govern-
ment io prov,de for them.
This Government has assumed the parental, and
guardian care of the aboriginal race, anl its duty
and honor require that ii should at all times s and
ready and piepared to render a satisfactory account
ef its stewardship   to  a civilized   and  Christian
world.   The wi-e and enlghteued policy of col-
lecting, removing, and settling these remnant t ib<s
in   permanent homes in the West, and thereby re-
lieve the S;atcs altogether of this perplexing in<uai-
brance, and, at the same time, make a last, an
honest effort, to save from ext'nctu n a remnant of
the native race, has always had my warmest sip-
port and approbation.   I have no claims to  hs
honor cf originating this plan.     No, s'r; this was
before I was on my present field of public labor.
The plan was first brought to my special notice by
ofeserv ng its recomaienda'ion by Mr. Jefferson,
and has since  been recommended and sustained,
more or les-, by all his successors.     Mr. Moir e
most earnestly recommended to Congress efficient
action to carry out this plan of emigrating the In-
dians from  the States, and settling them perma-
nently in the West.     The ihen Secretary of War,
J4r. Calhoun, sustained t}je vie ? of the President
in a very able report on the subject. Not being a
member of Corgressat thit time, (1825,1 believe,)
I was surprised that no member of Congress made
a direct effort at legi lation on the subject..
And in 1823, when a member of the other
branch of Ct nitess, I d d not fail to bring ihe sub-
ject, in a formal way, to the consideration of Con-
gress. And, sir, it will continue to be a sourc of
grati6eat ou to me, that I was the first member of
either branch of the American Congress, io urge
this beneficent plan of salvation to the Indian , and
relief to the States, upon the consideration of Con-
gress. Mr. President, you well rememb?r the vio-
lent opposition my first effort met with fiom va-
rious quarters; but that effort has perseveringly
been followed up, and in iis progress constantly
gained friends and support. The history of its
progress and success is known to the S nate and
the country. And, sir, I consider it now, as I have
done from the beginning, one of the most impor-
tant measures connected with the history and cha-
racter of our beloved country. Shall we th n dally
and falter, in the consummation of a policy which
now, from experience, has forced i'self upon tbe
approbation of the wise and the good, not only of
our country, hut upon all who appreciite the
blessings of civihzatim in every land.
Sir, we are Senators, representing the s vereign
] States of this Union. Not only our own States in
a special manner, but all the Stales. A nd ihs peo-
ple ol Ne# York very properly feel a deep interest
in th s matter. And the Federal Government, by
its own policy and action, has become so connected
, with this subject, that we cannot honorablv, if so
, deposed, abandon the connection which the Go-
vernment has by its acts assumed in relation to this
ma'ter. The views of ihe Government in relation
to the^e Indians have been too fully developed in
various official ac s, and also in the legisla ion of
Congress, f< r us, at ihis late day, to stand jtis'ified
in assuming the ground that this affair all belongs
to New York, and that this Government has bo
concern in the is<ue now before u«.
Shortly after the close of the Revolutionary war,
the Six Nations of Indians, of New Y rk, became
convinced that the increase of th  white sen laments
around them would make it necessary for them to
seekja new bene in the West; and, in council held
by these people as early as 1810, they res-o'ved, and
did send a memorial to ihe President of ih  United
Slates, inquiing whether the Government would
con ent to their leaving their habitations, and
their removing into the neighborhood of their
Western brethren; and if they,could procure a
home there, by gift or purchase, whether the Go-
vs rnment would acknowlelge their title to the
lands so cbtamed, in the snme manner it had ac-
knowledged it in those from whom they might re-
ceive it; and further, whether the existing treaties
would, in such a case, remain in full fotca, and
their annuities be paid as heretofore. The Piesident
answered by sa) ing their request should be granted;
aad under th's approbation, the treaty oí 1831, be-
tween the New York and Menomonee Indians, 'o
which I have heretofore adverted, was ma !e and
concluded. Under all these circumstance5, is it
not matter of surprise that any person who pre-
tends to be acquaint-d with the history of these
transactions, should ni>w rise up and siy the Fede-
ral Government has nothing t<> do wi'h this matter;
that it all belongs to New York and Massachu-
setts'?
Sir, it has clearly and obviously become oar le-
gitimate duty to act in this matter; and, for one, I
shall neiiher waive my ri^ht, or shrink from my
responsibility Doe  not the interef-t of New York
require that we should act in this matter? The an-
swer is touud in the fol owing language from the
President of the United States, in his mess ge on
this subject:
"The removal of the New Yotk Indians is not
only important to the tribes themslves, but to an
interesting portion of western New York, and espe-
cially to ihe growing oty of Buffalo, which is sur-
rounded by lands occupied by the Sénecas; and to
ibis port on of our country the extraoidnary spec-
tacle is presented, of densely populated and highly
improved sett'ements,inhabited by industrious, mo-
ral, and respectable citizens, divided by a wilder-
ness, on one side of which is a city of more than
20,000 souls, whose advantageous position in every
oiher respeC, and great commercial prospects,
would ensure its rapid increase in population and
wealih, if not retarded by the circumstances of a
naturally fertile district remaining a barren waste
in its immediate v cinity.''
And, sir, whnt doss the President say in regard
to those pprsons who are entitled to the reversion-
ary right of these lands. His language is: "Neither
does it appear just to those who are entitled to the
lee simple of the land, and who have paid a part
of the purchase money, that they should suffer
from the waste which is constantly committed
upon their reversionary rights, and the great de-
terioration of the land consequent upon such de-
preiations, without any conesponding a Wantage
to the Indian occupants." In, and out of the Se-
nate, I have found persons strongly opposed to this
treaty, because they seem to think it confers special
favors on the individuals known as the pre-emp-
tioners. These individuals seem to be viewed in
the light of speculators, who are endeavoring to
defraud ihe Indans out of their,lands. Now, sir,
nothing, so far as I can discover, can be more un-
just to these injured individuals The quotation which
I have given from the President's message, as well
as the reports of General Dearborn and Mr. Gillet,
United States Commissioner, together with all the
mus of documentary evidence which we have
printed on this subject: yes, sir, all go to establish
the merit, good character, liberal conduct, anl
fair dealing of these pre-omptioners, and especially
their agents, Messrs Ogden, Fellows and Wads-
worth. Gen. Dearborn says the gentlemen just
named "have afforded me every facility for an
agreeable and thorough discharge of my duties."
ThaUhes  pre-emptive owners of the lands should
be desirous to hasten the time of going into ihe
possession of their just rights, is altogether natural,
right, and proper. They neither claim or desire
any advantage which has not been fairly derived
from ihe State of Massachusetts, and their good
conduct and fair dealing has obviously secured to
them the respectful consideration of many of our
moit distinguished public men and citizens, as may
be seen by a careful examination of the documents
which accompany this treaty. It is true that I con-
sider the intercut of these individuals but a minor
consideration in the object* of the treaty, yet it is
an interest entit'ed to some consideration.
To remove, however, unjust and improper pre-
judices, growing out of a want of correct infor-
mation, against these pre-emptive claimants, and
consequently against this treaty, I will, conirary to
what I had intended to say, on this branch of the
subject, enter more fulty upon an explanation of
the nature and mer ts of the history of these pre-
«mptive c'aims. It will be found, sr, by examining
the records and history of the proceedings of the
Federal Government, th*t the convention held in
1786, between New York and Massachusetts,
which resulted, as heretofore stated, in a cession to
the last named Sta'e of the terri'ory since called
the Genesee country: the right and sovereignty of
juiisdic'ion being reserved to New York, was held
under the sancUon of Congress; and, by tbe deed
of cession, Massachu*ew is authorized to hold
treaties with the native Indians, for the extinguish-
ment of their title, and for this purpose to employ
such armed force as shou'd be necessary; also, to
grant the right e f pre-emption to oth«rs, with the
like powers, but under a provision that purchases
ftom the Indians, by the grantees of Ma<sachu-
set's, should be made in the presence of a superin-
tendent, and subject to the approval of that State-
And the lands embraced in the treaty ni w trader
consideration were conveyed by Massachusetts to
RoSert Morris, and by h'm to what was called the
Holland Land Company. Under these cessions
and conveyances Morris extinguished the Indian
claim to the greater part of the territory which be
had purchased. In 1810, the Holland Land Com-
pany sold and conveyed all the lands now occupied
by the Seneca and Tuscarora tribes, to David A.
Ogden, who afterwards sold them to the preseat
pre etnptive owners. In 1826, these owners extin-
guished the Seneca claim to part of those lands,
and to the residue they still bold a legal estat«, in
