far. t840.              ____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________________28T
£6th Cong......1st Sbss.                        Treaty with the Neiv York Indians—Mr. Lumpkin.                                   ^_____Senate.
fee limpie, subject only to the possessory tight of
the native Indians.
For many jears past, these claimants, or
ratw rightful owners of the^e land--, have been
looking to this Government to carry out its policy,
in thf removal of all the remnant tribes still te
mainmg in the Siat*s, to the permanent home pro-
vided for them in the West. And when, in the
year 1837, a commissioner was appointed by the
United Statrs to hold a treaty with the New York
Indians, thf se pre-emptive claiman's procured the
attendance, and at their own expense, of an agent
od the part of Massachusetts, to superintend any
sale growing out of a treaty which the Indians
might be inclined to make. And this commissioner
on the part of Massachus tts was General Dear-
born, whose report has been, and will be again, ad-
verted to, in support of the ratification of this
treaty.
Mr. President, if I have succeeded in demon-
strating the advantages of this treaty, to all the
parties in interest, and that I have 1 think few wil
deny, why should I, then, longer dwelt on
this branch of the subject? For, sir, it is
obvious to every one, that if the execution
of this treaty be beneficial to all the par-
tifs concerned, its rejection will consequently
be prejudicial to the iBteresl of all. Let me, then,
turn to another cons deration connected with this
treaty, by asking ths question, Do these Iadians
wish to remove? Th s question is answered in the
most satisfactory minner, by an attentive examina-
tion and consideration ol the actings and doings of
the=e Indians for the last thirty years. Their va-
rious efforts, with but little aid and encouragement
from any governmental influence, either Slate or
Federal, sustain the belief that they are unhappy,
and very dissatisfied with their present abode,
and are truly anxious to emigrate to the West
The inclination of the Indians in all the States, for
many years past, when left free to the exeici*e of
their own volition, has been a constant, earnest
looking to the West for new homes, where they
might be relieved from that thraldom of State le-
gis'ation which deprived tbem oí that unrestricted
liberty, so congenial to the nature of the child of
the forest. Yes, Mr. President, they have long de-
sired a country where the white man might cease
from troubling, and where the poor weary Indian
might be at rest.
Mr. Gillet and General Dearborn both declare
themselves to be perfectly sa'tsfied, that were it not
for the unremitted and disingenuous exertions of a
certain number of whits men,  who are ectuated
by their private Interests, to induce the chiefs not to
assent to the treaty, it would immediately have been
approved by  an immense  majority—an   opinion
which we find repeatedly reiterated by these gen-
tlemen.   The President of the United States ex
presses the opinion, that the same influence wh ch
was exerted in opposition to the treaty, if exerted
with equal zeal en the other side, would show a
large majority of ttrse Indian* in favor of emigra-
tion.   But, sir, we will endeavor to arrive at a cor-
rect conclusion in regard to the wishes of the Séne-
cas upon i he subject of removal, by examining
and scrutinizing the conduct and action of the r
chiefs ln connection with the subject of the ratifi-
cation of this treaty.   Well, sir, the commissioner
for holding this treaty was appointed in the year
1837, and, attended by the superintendent on the
part of Massachusetts, met the Indians in council.
Aad from the first commencement of the nego-
tiation, we discover the interference of white men,
assuming the character of friends to these Indians,
strenuously opposing this negotiation,  and greatly
retarding its conclusion.     Indeed, it appears that
every art was emp'oyedtc defeat the objects of the
Government in effecting a treaty.     The country
bjyond the Mississippi was declared to be unpro-
ductive, and the climate unhealthy.     The pros-
pec's held out by the Government to the Indians,
was declared to be delusive and deceptive; and in
case of removal, they were told they might look
forward to want, privations, and suffering.
These officious advisers were composed of white
men, pretending to have influence with the Indians,
and seeking to force themselves into the service of
the pre-emptive owners at extrayagant rates of
compensation, bat most of them deriving imme-
diate advantage from a traffic carried on with
these Seneca Indian^; some in the sale of rum,
tobacco, and blankets; others from the occupation
of their lands at low rents; from the employment
of saw mills on their lands, or from extensive con-
tracts from the purchase of timber to be rafted and
sent to market.
In addit.on to these, there were others who, pos-
sibly, were actuated by betlrr motives—persons
who had, for many years,  been  profe-i-edly en-
gaged in endeavors to improve  the coDd tion of
tTe In tians by i eligióos and other instruction, and
who,  unwilling and reluctant  to believe  in  the
inefficiency of their labors, weie loath to abandon
the enterprise in which they had been so long en-
gaged   without any   adequate   success.     Conse-
quently this combined opposition to the treaty ad-
dressed every argument they could to  the pas-
sions and cupidity of this ignorant people, to in-
cline th-m   s ill to be content in   the   continu-
ance and indulgence of their accustomed habits;
and    such   effort ,   un'er   such   circumstances,
could not fail  to  produce   great   effect.     Even
the more sober and sensible class of thelndiars
who had long desired a change of residenc-, wnh
a view of relieving  themsclvese of the evils inse-
parable from 'heir pre>en  position, were many of
them, no doubt, biought to  hesitate: while tbo e
opposed to emigration became more determined in
their opposition, and more strenuous to defeat the
treaty,   regardless of thu liberality of its provi-
sions.    However, after a tediuus and  protracted
negftiation, characterized by extraordinary violence
and opposition <«n the part of the opposing chiefs
and their auxiliaries,  fina'ly a treaty  was con-
cluded on and signed by the Commissioner of  the
United  States, Mr. Gil'ett,and all the tribes of the
New York Indians.   In June, 1838, the ratification
of th s treaty, although ¡>tnm >us'y opposed by the
the dissatisfied part of the Sénecas, aided by a pow-
erful combination of white men, was advised and
assented to  by the Senate,  with certain  amend-
ments, designed, as is understood by me, to render
its prov.sions more conformable to the policy and
legislation of theUmted States-, and this treaty,a  pro-
posed to be amended by ihe Sena'e, was sent back to
all the tribes who negotiated the same.for their assent,
which a^sent was duly and satisfactorily obtained,
as will fully app-ar by the message of the Prf sident
ot  the Untied States, to the Senate, of the 2Ut of
January, 1839.    The President says, "I transmit a
treaty negotiated^   with the New York  Indians
which was submitted to your body in June last, and
amended." • He adds: "The amendments have, in
pursuance of ihe requirement of the Senate, been
submitted to each of the tribes assembled in coun-
cil, for their free and voluntary assent or dissent
thereto.   In re.pect to all the tribes, except the
Señeras, the result of this application has been en-
tirely satisfactory.    It will be seen by the accom-
panying papers,  that of ih s tribe, the mrst im-
portant of those concerned, the assent of only forty-
two out of eighty-one chiefs ha* been obtained.    I
deem it advisable,  under th-se ciicumstanres, to
submit  the treaty, in it* modified  form, to the Se-
nate, for its advice in regud to the sufficiency of
the assent of the Sénecas to the amendments pro-
posed."
Mr. President, do you not perceive, is it not clear
and obvious, that the only question presented to the
Senate, in the mes ase of the Pre-ident, upon sub-
mitting this amended treaty, was to ascertain the
opinion of the Senate, and obtain its advice upon
the sing'e point of the sufficiency of the absent of
the Sénecas to the amended treaty?
Sir, the President raises no question in this mes-
sage as to whether a majority of the chiefs had
signed this treaty or not. He c uld not do this,
when communicating to intelligent men, «ho un-
derstand simple numbers; fur he tells you that
forty-two chiefs, out of the wbo'e number of eighty-
one, had a'sented to the treaty, and therefore no
one could doubt the assent of a majority of the
Seneca chiefs to this treaty. That majority being
small, the object of the President was the advice of
the Senate whether that majority should be consi-
dered sufficient. The Senate accordingly took into
consideration the message of the President, and on
the 2i of March, 1839, agreed U the following re-
solution: "Resolved, That whenever the PresiJentof
the United States shall be satisfied that the assent of
the Seneca tribe of Indians has been given to the
amended  treaty of June 11th, 1838, with the New
York Indian , according  to the true intent and
meaning   of  the   resolution   of   the   Senate   of
June  11th, 1838, the Senate recommend that the
Piesident make proclamation of said  treaty, and
carry the same into effect."   Now, sir, I have al-
ways th' ught, and still thiak, this resolution of the
Senate, (no doubt well meant,) was inexpedient
and injudicious, and that  it unnecessarily laid  the
foundation for all  the  difficulties  which  we find
ourselves this day involved in.    L the Senate, at
it-i  last session, had taken upon itself the reason-
able responsibility of respon Jing yea or nay to the
proper and respectful request of the President in re-
gird to the sufficiency of the assent of the Seneca
Indians, we should not now have found  ourselves
embarrassed wnh these difficulties of our own cre-
ation.    And, sir, I commend  the President for not
permuting the Pénate to excel him in diffidence, in
modesty and cour'esy, in deciding alone a questioi,
the decision of which jointly devolves on  the Se-
nate as «ell as himself.    I admit,sir, that we have
no additional evidence that we had not, at the la t
session, to autnor ze the Sena'e to say now, what it
declined siying at th* last session, to wit: ihat the
assent of ihe Seneca Iadians is sufficiently evinced
in favor of this treaty.   But I believed ih-n, and
am the more confirmed in that opinion now, that a
majority of the chief  of the Seneca tribe have f.ee-
ly and voluntarily givm their assent and signa-
tures to this treaty.    And whither  they did so, in
general council, at a ¡own house, or whether it was
done, in  part, as is alleged, at   other  times and
places, after the general council had been held, and
the treaty fully and fairly explained, in the face of
day, and to the whole people, as is fully and satis-
factorily proven to us by the evidence now before
us, I do not consider a matter of great importance.
1 can rea lily believe that those  who signed, after
the adjournment of the council, are as jus ly enti-
tled tj our fe;peci and consideration as meritorious
chief-, and faithful representatives of the Indian
people, as thote who signed more hastily, and while
the council was still  in cession.    Indeed, sir, per-
sons who are deliberate and   slow in making up
their opinions upon important matters,  are gene-
rally more to be lehed on than those who act more
hastily.
Mr President, I deem it impoitant, for the sa-
ti-faction ofsich pTsons as are governed in the
formation of their opinions in r gard to the validity
of this treaty, by the official dignity of the respec-
tive S'gners to state a few facts, which I derive
fron an official communicat'on of General Dear-
born t > Govern' r Everett. Well, sir, I find the
Señera tribe has eight great sachems, who are also
chiefs. This title of sachem is the highest in rank
of any known to the tribe; and the office is h redi-
tary. General Dearborn gives the names of the
« eht sachems of the tribe, at the time of the sign-
ing of the treaty, and adds: "six out of eight of
th'se sachems signed the treaty," md that half of
tiem are Christians, and ¡he others pagar.s. That
an actual majority of the Seneca chiefs have as-
sented to the amended treaty, seems no longer to
admit of a doubt. The offic al and r ersonal land-
ing ot Vlr Gillett and General Dfarborn, who have
ceitifi d to this fact, settles this question. I con-
sider this queston as heretofore settled by the ac-
tion oi the Senate.
In respect to the mode of the absent, I cons'der
it altogether immaterial. The fact of absent I con*
stder a matter of evidence; and, in the present cipe,
that evidence is, to my mind, entnely satisfactory.
That the chiefs who have subscribed to this treaty
did so voluntarily and understanding^, is attested
by General Dearborn and Mr. Gillett, wiose testi-
mony h unimpeached, and, I believe, unimpeach-
able.
I doubt, sir, whether the whole history of our
country affords a solitary instance of an Indian
treaty, which will bear the test of comparison w th
th s much abased treaty, for fairn«s«, liberality,ho-
nest execution, «nd requirements approaching to
similar transactions, when conducted between equal
