Úxr. 1846.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGftESSIOtfAfc GLOBE.
Sil
26th Cong......1st Sess.
Treaty with the Neiv Fork Indians—Mr. Sevier.
Senate.
lationat the expense of the TJn>ted Slate?, she was
most anxious to get clear of; and that the land
company would be abie, for lit le or nothing on
their part, to get of them their New York land*,
mainly, but indirectly, at the expense of the United
Slates airo. These were' the calculations; and
hence we find that, in that treaty, ths New York
Indians, although apparently so deeply interested,
were not parties to it. And why were they not? I
will endeavor to inform you, sir.
In the treaty of 1794, the New York Indians en-
¿aged to claim no other land wiihin the boundaries
of the United States than that particularly described
in that treaty.   They had modesty and honesty
enough to know that there was no treaty ever af-
terwards made, by which we were pledged or bound
to parchase land for them at Green Bay, or any
where else.   They knew they had no claim of any
character upon us; and not desiring any other lands
than those they were possessed of, and seeing no
necessity for a treaty,- they stood aloof, and had no
participation in it.   And in this same treaty  the
Menomonees disclaim any right or  just claim of
the New York Indians to the Green Bay lands.
And this is not the only disclaimer.   We find, in
the printed documents now before us, at page 127,
that the Sénecas says that "the Sénecas have no
right br title to that country, (Green Bay,) as we
hare never accepted or paid for any interest there,
nor do we at this time have any claim to that coun-
try whatever "   And 1 will add, that, in a letter
received last night, I am informad that the Séne-
cas are now holding a council for the  purpose of
retran /«rrirvr to you this gratuity, which, given to
them in 1832, without their knowledge or consent,
you seem determined  to force upon them, and
which they, on their part, seem disposed just as
decidedly to reject—with a full knowledge thai !he
New York Indians, then residing in New  York,
had no claims upon us for lands any where, and,
on the contrary, when we knew they had solemnly
engaged, in their treat/ of 1794, to set up no c'aim
fur any other within the  boundaries of ths Uni ed
States ihan those particularly described in that trea-
ty, yet, with a full knowledge of all this, we made
the treaty of 1832.
In that treaty, in which the New York Indians
were not parties, it was stipula'ed, without their
consint or knowledge, that they should remove to
the lands we purchased for (hem at Gie<n Bay,
within three years thereafter, or else that their right
to this 500,000 aeres of land should be forfeited,
and revert to the United Slates. This penalty was
inserted, under a belief that it would not be disre-
garded by the Indians, but, on the contrary, would
be conridered of such consequence as to induce
thiir emigration. If it was not so designed, why
was a time fixed for their em'gration at allí Of
what consequence was it to us, whether those In-
dians emigraiel this year or next year, or never?
Sir, the Indians looked upon the whole of these
proceedings, in which they had had no participa-
tion, with a provoking indifference and noncha-
lance. They cared nothing for these lands, or the
forfeiture thereof. They considered they had com-
fortable homes in New York, and there they de-
termined to remain. This temper of the Indians
was soon found out by those desiring their emigra-
tion; and it was, therefore, necessary to get the
time for their removal extended, so that the com-
pany could have time to apply the proper remedies,
and bring about a conversion of the Indians to an
acqa-.escence in their desired policy. Governed by
such considerations as these, we wee applitd to
to change this provision in the treaty; and, as usual,
w« permuted ourselves, like a no-e of wax, to be
twisted about by this company, and, to gratify
them, did modify this provision, by a supplemen-
tary article té the trea'y, so as to leave the time for
their r.moval to the discretion of the President of
the United States. So it stands now. Eight years
have elapsed since that treaty was made, and yet
the President has not required those Indians
to move to their Green Bay lands, or no-
tified them, if they did not, by a given time,
that he should exact the penalty, according
to the terras of the treaty. The reasons of the Pre-
sident for permitiing those Indians to remain upon
tneii New York lands, witbwt exacting the pe-
nalty, are doubtless benevolent, humane, and
praiseworthy. Hit forbearance upon this subject,
thus far at least, is not considered by me ] ust cause
of censure. Yet I should consider it his duly, be-
fore a great while, to close up this contingent claim.
I think if these Indians do not, within a reasonable
time, move to these lands, that they should revert
to the United States-; and in this reversion they can
have no just cause of complaint. Their title to
these lands is conditional—dependent entirely upon
their removal to them. It was a mere gratuity on
our part, and cost them nothing, not even solicita-
tion, or empty thanks; and now, if ihey will not
accept of our proffered gratuity, if they will not oc-
cupy those lands, voluntarily tendered to them on
that condition^ there can be no injustice in exacting
their forfeiture, on 'heir failure to comply with the
condition.
Mr. President, we purchased, as befoie observed,
in 1832, 500,000 acres of land at Green Bay, for
the future re-id^nce of the New York Indians. This
purchase being on our part, as before stated, a mere
gr tuity, and, so far as appears from our records,
without the knowledge or solicitation of the Indians,
five years thereafter, in the year 1837, for what rea-
sons, or at whose promptings, we are Iert to con-
jecture, it seems to have become suddenly, and all
at once, «matter of vital importance for us to pur-
chase out this gratuity, a gratuity which the Indians
considered of so little consequence or value to them,
that th?y would neither move to it, nor have it. But
no matter for that: we determined to buy back
from them what we had given them as a present
five years before; and in furthnrance of these views,
in 1837 we appointed a commissioner to accom-
plish for us this all-important object.
A purchase of this Green Bay land was the osten-
sible object of this mission. The real object, as I
shall show you in the progress of this discussion,
was to obtain our influence, and our means and
money, to asnst a dozen or so of land speculators
to purchase of the new York Indians their New
York lands, for which they held, under Massachu-
setts, the pre-emption right. And, sir, we have
already done so, to some extent. We have pur-
chased out for this company, and for New York,
five of the s'x inbes—alt of the New York Indians,
except the Sénecas, and we have attempt-d to buy
them out also, whether successfully or not, remains
to be seen by a decision upon the question now
bef >re us.
In 1837, as terore obsarved, we appointed a
commissioner, with the ostensible object of pur-
chase of the New York Indians iheir G.een
Bay land*. So soon as this was known, we
found much excitement and agitation among
the Indians, growing out of their attachment for,
and reluctance to leave, their native land. They
understood very fully the object of the negotiation.
They knew ihe Green Bay land was but a pretext,
and not the real object of the commissioner. They
understood all this. They knew the object of the
reaty was to get from them, for the land company,
their New York lands. To overcome these scru-
ples, and to reconcile them to the measure, Ihe
agents of the land company went to work, and I
will now show you, sir, in what manner.
"Articles of agreement, made and conclude 1 this £9th dav of
July, 1837, between Heman B. Potter, of the city of Buffalo,
of the first part, and John Snow, a Seneca chief, of the Buf-
falo Creek* reservation, in the county of Erie, of thesecord
part.
"Whereas, in conformity with the declared policy of the Go-
vernment of the United States, the proprietors of the pre-emp-
tive tnleof and in the four several tracts of land, reserved by
the Seneca tribe of Indians, within the said State of New York,
a>e desirous to induce the aliovementinned tribe of Indians to
accept, for their future and permanent residence, a tract of
country in the territory west of the river Mississippi, appropri-
ate ) for Indians inhabiting the Atlantic and other neighboring
States, and are, also, desirous, by fair purchase, to ex'mguish
the right of the bald Indians in ana to the lands in this State, so
reserved by them:
"And whereas, in furtherance of these objects, and in order
to a future treaty by which to effect the same, the said pro-
prietors have authorized negotiations to be opened with the
chiefs and other leadme men of the said tribe of Indians, and
certain offers to be made to them in money as a permanent
fund f r the nation, and a compensation for their improve-
ments; and have also deemed it advisable and necessary to em-
ploy the aid, co-operation, and services of certain individuals
Who are able to influence the said Indians to accept the offers
soto be made to them:
«And whereas, the said Heman B. Potter, the party ef the
first part, is empowered to act on behalf of the said proprieto • ,
and to contract with any individuals whose co-operation and
agency may be necessary and efficient, in accomplishing the
abovementioned object; and the said John Snow, the party of
the second part, has agreed to contribute his influence and ser-
vices in the premises; and in case of the extinguishment of the
said Indian title to the said reserved lands as aforesaid, to sell to
the said proprietors all and singular hi3 improvements, of, in,
and to the same:
"Now, therefore, itis mutually agreed by and between the
parties hereto, as lollows
"First. The party of the second part undertakes and agrees to
use his best exertions and endeavors to dispose and mdnce the
said Indians to adopt and pursue the advice and recommenda-
tions of the Government of the United States, in respect to their
removal and future location; and en such said terms as the
party of the first part, and his associates, in the name of the
said proprietors, shall propose to sell and release, by treaty,
their said reserved lands; and on all occasions to co-operate with
and aid the said party of the first part, and his associates, as he
may be, fiom time to time, advised, in talks and negotiations
wnh the chiefs and other influential men of the said tribe; and
in the active application of his whole influence at councils, and
confidenlial interviews, for the purpose of effecting a treaty be-
tween the said ti ibe and the said proprietors, for the extinguish-
ment of the Indian title to the said restrved lands.
"Second The second party of the second part hath sold, and
hereby doth sell, te the said propnetors, all and singular his
buildings and improvements on the lands so to be released by
treaty, and agrees to accept compensation therefor in the man-
ner hereinafter mentioned; said buildings and improvements
inthe meantime not to be leased, or many manner disposed of
by said party ef the second part.
"Third. In consideration of such effoits, co operation, and
services on the partof the said John Snow, faithfully bestowed
in the premises, and of the sale and release of all and singular
his said buildings and improvements upon any of the lands afore-
said, without leasing or otherwise disposing of the same, as
hereinabove stipulated, the said Heman B Potter, on his part,
and that of his associates, agrees to pay, or cause to be paid, to
the said John Snow, the sum of two thousand dollars, within
three months after notice of the ratification, by the Senate of
the United States, of a valid treaty between the said tribes and
the owners of the said pre-emptive title, or their trustees, by
which the right and title of the said Indians shall be effectually
released and extinguished, in and to the said reserved lands;
subject, however, to the following qualification and understand-
ing, that in case the said treaty shall provide for the payment
to individual Indians for their buildings and improvements, then
and in that case the said party of the second part shall accept
and receive, as part payment of the abovementioned sum of
two thousand dollars, such sum or compensation as he shall
or may be entitled to, by and under the provisions of such
treaty, for his said buildings and lm provements, and the balance
of the said two thousand dollars which shall remain, after de-
ducting therefrom such compensation as aforesaid, and that
only to be paid by the said party of the first part, as above spe-
cified, within the time abovementioned, or as soon thereafter
as the said balance can be ascertained; and in case said party of
the second part shall be entitled, by and under the provision of
said treaty, to the sum of two thousand dollars an-i upward, he
shall receive the same as may be therein provided, and the said
party of ihe first part shall be discharged from payirg any part
of said two thousand dollars.
"And the said John Snow sha'l also be entitled, at a nominal
rent, to a lease from the owners of the pre eruptive title, or their
trustees, of and for the lot of land actually improved and occu-
pied by him, called the Whipple farm, near the old council
house, on the Buffalo reservation, for and during his own natu-
ral life, determinable when and as soon as he shall cease to live
on and occupy the same, said lease to be executed by the les-
sors as soon after said treaty as said lands shall have been sur-
veyed and allotted, said lease having reference to «aid survey.
"This agreemen on the part of said party of the first part,
being expressly dependent upon a treaty, to be made and rati-
fied upon terms, conditions, and stipulations, to be proposed and
offered by the said party of the first part, and his associa tes.
H. B. POTTER, [l. s 1
his
JOHN x SNOW, [i,. s]
mark.
Witness:
his
George x .Timeson,
mark.
Truecopy:                                              M.B.PIERCE.
"P. S. Marms B Pierce, above named, is one of the chief*
who signed the Buffalo treaty,"
"Articles of agreement made and concluded this 7th day of Au-
gust, 1837, between Heman B. Potter, of the city of Buffalo, of
the first part, and Samuel Gordon, a Seneca Indian.Of the Cat-
taraugus reservation, in the county «f Erie of the second pstt.
'•\ft heieas, in conformity with the declared policy of the Go-
vernment of the Uniled States, the proprietors of the pre-emp-
tive title of, and in, the four several tracts of land reserved by
the Seneca tribe of Indians, within the said State of New York,
are desirous to induce the abovementioned tribe of Indians to
accept for their future and permanent residence, a tract of coun-
try in the Territory westof the river Missis6ippi,appropriated lor
Indians inhabiting the Atlantic and other neighboring States,
and are also desirous, by fair purchase, to extinguish the right
of the said Indians in and to the lands la this State so reserved
by them:
' And whereas, in furtherance of these objec.s, and in order to
a future treaty by whii h to effect the same, the said proprietors
have authorized negotiations to be opened with the chiefs and
other leading men of the Paul tribe of Indians, and certain offer 
to be made to them in money, as a permanent fund for the na-
tion, and a compensation for their improvements, and bave abo
deemed it advisable and necessary to employ the aid, co-opera-
tion, and services of certain individuals who are able to influ-
ence the said Indians to accopt of the offers bo to be made to
them
"And whereas the said Heman B Potter, the party of the first
part, is empowered to act on behalf of the «aid proprietors, and
to c  itract with any individual  whose eo-operation and agency
may be necessary and efficient in accomplishing the aDovemen.
Uonel object, and the said Samuel Gordon, the party or me se-
cond part, has agreed to contribute his influence and services ta
the premises:                                          ..        ,,  .        ..,
"Now, therefore, it w mutually agreed by and betwetl tfte,
parüe  hereto, a  follow*
