Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Í93
26th Cong-«"1st Skss.
Treaty with the New York Indians—Mr. Sevier.
Senate.
Sir, the Green Bay lamts, if etrer the subject of
serious discussion at any tim«, were all along con-
sidered but a trifling matter wiih either the Indians
or our negotiator. But I proceed, for I have yet,
sir. a good deal of ground to travel over.
The commissioner tells us that, "at an early pe-
iiod of the council, that Marius B. Pierce, then an
opponent of the treaty, in public council proposed
to me the following questions:"
"1. Iftheamendmentsoflhe treaty were not now assented to,
whether I cauld adjourn the council; and whether, if not ad-
journed, it could be again convenedl
"2. Whether the Senate could recede from its amendments?
"I was also asked, at about the same tine, by others in coun ■
til, whether the deed to the pre-emptive purchasers, being ra-
tified by the Governor and Council of Massachusetts, was obli
gatory upon the nation, without further action on the part of
the nation! Also, whether the Senate of the United States had
any leg * jurisdiction over the subject!"
To ihose questions the commissioner declined
giving any answer; and as he has not condescended
to t?ll ns why these questions were asked, I will
endeavor to supply his omissions as I feel myself
able to do, from the testimony befoie us. The
first question was asked because the opponents of
the treaty then had a majority in council against
the treaty, and were able to vote it down, and he
was apprehensive that the commissioner might
keep adjourning the council from day to day, until
a majority might be got in some way or other to
assent to the treaty. He and his fiiends weie then
neglecting their private affairs; were poor, wi hout
money, and depended for the'r bread upon their
daily labor- They wanted - to see the coun-
cil closed, that they might go home; they were
unwilling that the council should be kept open any
longer, or c >nvened again, after it was closed.
These were Pierce's reasons for asking the first
question.
He asked the second, because he had been told,
as an inducement for iheir agreeing io the treaty,
thaUhe Senate would, if necessary, recede from iis
amendments, and that the treaty would be ratified
a' originally made, and then, in that event, ibey
would lose the rewards and life-leases, &c. which
they then had it within their power to obtain from
their friends, the generous and' liberal minded pre-
emptioners.
The third question was asked, because they were
told the New York land was gone at any rale—
that their deeds had been appruved by the Gover-
nor and Council of Massachusers. The commis-
sioner also declined answering this question; bul
afterwards, "learning that General D-aibom had
expressed a different opinion" (from that expressed
by the head of the Indian bureau, and by Mr..
Ward, a clerk of that bureau,) "I informed the
council of it, and General Dearborn gave Go-
vernor Everett's reasons for his opinions. The In-
dians were then left to form their own conclusions
on the question of title and probable action of the
Senate. I then informed the Indians that, if the in-
terests of the Indians required it, I believed I had the
right, and should adjourn the council to some fu-
ture day." Yes, sir; and he did adjourn the coun-
cil. The opinions of Governor Eveiett, respecting
the validity of the sale, produced this result. The
pre-emptioners could no longer frighten them "with
the scarecrow" that iheir lands were gone. This
being the case, it became necessary for the pre-
emptioners to change their mode of attack; and
time was necessary to agree upon the modus ope*
randi: and therefore the council was adjourned.
Thenext entertainment we have of the commis-
sioner is as follows-.
• "!f.arftitlS f! w> thi discmftori  is council, that many de-
f1^ ^ remain tonger than five yearren their reservation , I
induced thei agent of the pre-emptive owners, on the 26th of
Beptemberlast to authorize me in writing, to say to the coun-
cil that he would, oa behalf of the. paAmptive purchasers,
agree to allow them to occupy their farming lands ten, instead'
of five years. His proposition is marked No. 30. This offer
did not,-   was anticipated, produce unanimity of feeling,
borne said it was their desire to remain foi their lives; bat that
theywerewiUing others rnisht remove if they chose to do so.
In connection with General Dearborn, I requested the agent to
offer life lea«s, fres of rent, to all who chose to remain Hi '
offer to doso is marked No 31. Without consulting with a
single individual, a chief in ihe opposition, by the name of
Israel Jemis in, rc j and stated that he was authorized to say
that Ihe opposition unanimously declined the proposition.
Knowing that no one had authorized him to speak on a subject
but that moment named in council, 1 did not consider his state-
ment entitled to any respect. No one of the opposition riBing
Í.S5Sa,ríl?ht ,n ?"* ***** °f PaJffcW  falsehood, I became-
SSf™,°.,íhVr,i}h.0Í ^«N^tMOMfl^nsmade, ihatmany
™\Z m^™!,1?^in «Wfc * that, compulsion
WS  WW to prevent thief  from  ignirts. 
He talks of fear and compulsion! Why should
they fear? Why rhould Indian warriors manifest a
timidity which, in a virtuous cause, would disgrace
even their squaw?? They fear because ihey are in
a minority, and know they are doing, from base and
mercenary considerations, what a majority of their
people disapprove of. Their fear is but the palpa-
ble evidence of a guilty heart! An honest man,
red or white, fears nothing! Cowardice and trem-
bling are the attributes of a guilty conscience!
He tells us that—
"Immediately after communicating and explaining the offer
of life leases to all who desired them, I presented the manuscript
copy of the amended treaty, to which I had attached a written
assent. I informed the council that those who chose to do so
could sign it there, and those who. from fear, or other cause,pre-
ferred signing at my room in presence of myseli, the superin-
tendent from Massachusetts, the agent, and such other persons as
raisht be present might do so. 1 then received sixteen signatures,
and subsequently at my room, in presence of General Dearborn,
thirteen, and two other signatures at the rooms of chiefs who
were too unwell to attend council, making in all thirty-one
chiefs."
Yes, sir, with all the bribery I have previously
allude 1 to, with life leases, free of rent, for all who
chose to slay, embracing the whole tribe, we yet find
the commissioner unable to get, in open council, as
he was required to do by the resolution of the 11th
June, 1838, but stxleen signatures of assent, out of
eighty-one, to the amended treaty; and, in addition
>o these sixteen, he obtained afterwards, not in
council, but at his prívale lodgings, the signatures of
a¡sent of th'r'een more, and at their own residence
the s;gnatures of two others, making, in all, but
thirty-one, obtained, as before stated, tut of eighty-
ons chiefs belonging to the Seneca nat'on. Find-
ing this to be the case, he then, on the 2d of Octo-
ber, after laboring, if not prajing and fasting, for
upwards of forty days in the wilderness with the
heathens, he informed the agent of pre-emp'ioners,
(not the Indians with whom he was negotiating:,)
"That he should adjourn the council, as i lie re seemed to be
no more disposed to sign the assent. A question having been
raised, (he tells us) whether the assent liad been sufficiently
siened or not, (that is, whether thirty-one, if there had been no
objection to the manner of obtaining their signatures, was a ma-
jority ol eighty-one,) he (the agent of the land Company) desired
me to adjourn to a future day, and that, in the mean time, I
could report to you."
He adjourned ihe Council to the 15th of No-
vember.
/'On adjourning the council, I read them a talk, which is
marked No. 39. "The Indian  who are opposed to emigration
did not object to this adjournment, and, in making it, I did
what I thought due to them and to the purchaser . If the as-
sent is not sufiiciei.tly signed, it may be done at a future day,
and the emigration party, who have listened to the advice of
theGivemment,may be saved from the oppression which
would otherwise await them. If there were not signature 
sufficient to meet your "approbation, and it should turn out that
the lezal title fa in the parcha! ™, therr the condition of- the
Sénecas would be deplorable. Thsy would be without a home,
though.onehad.been freely offered to them."
Poor Seneca ! how stubborn and stff-necked
they are! Why will they not listen to the pathetic
advice of the Government, so^loquently delivered,
and save themselves from oppression? Why will
they not see that if it should so happen that, the title
to their lands is vested in the purchasers, how de-
plorable will be their condition1? Why will they not
see (what no one else but the commissioner could
perveive) ihat if the treaty should not be assented
to, that ih^y would be without a home—without
even their G een Bay lands, which they refuse to
sell u-? What insanity! How unreasonable they
are in desiring io retail their, ancestral homes
and fires des! How cruel and hard-hearted they-
ari, in refu ing !o gratify the humane and benevo-
lent, and Indian-loving, and God-serving pre emp-'
doners! Oh, Sénecas! Sénecas!' How you asto-
nish your grey-headed fathers of the Senate!
Mr. President, we now find our commissioner
laying aside his poetry and his predictions, and
lalking mathematically. After stating the number
of chiefs who signed the treaty, and their manner of
signing il, he then puts the question to the Secreta-
ry of War to know if it be necessary to have the
assent of all the chiefs upon the reservation.
"If so [be says] it was not sufficiently signed in my presence.
[And he might have added it was still ¿ess svjiciently'm open
council, as it was required to be done by the Senate'  resolu-
tion J If not, need it Designed by more, than a majority of all
who, at anj time, attended the council. [He then. reminds us
ofwnafwe would nots otherwise probably have thought of,
thai] thi  is what Is usually required irt legislative bodies, and
reasoning from analogy, the assent is sufficiently- signed. It
it requiresa majority of all who may have been, from time to
nrae, for short period , at council, il is not in my power to give1
yo 'the necessary iáct  whereon-todeeiae."
Now, ardour most worthy comraisfiQner, (who.
is an ex-member of Congress, and who, on that
account, should be presumed to be familiar with
the proceedings of deliberative bodie?,) has lost
sight of one very important point in his analogy,
which is, that the official acts of members of Con-
gress, out of iheir respective hooses, (alias, the
councils,) are nugatory. Does he not know ihat if
members of Congi ess were to sign their assent to
the passage of bills, or if Senators io the ratifica-
tion of treaties, at Iheir private rooms or lodgings,
as this Indian assent (in part) was signed, that it
would be nugatory, nonsensical, and unconstitu-
tional? I leave the question to himself to answer.
Speaking of analogies, I will so a lit.le farther, and
as he has sa;d it bettir than I can say it, I will
avail my e f of the remarks of Gov. Everett upon
this subject:
"The treaty making power [says the Governor] is granted by
the Constitution in general terms. No modification of its exer-
cise, in reference to Indian tribes, is recognised, as it would cer-
tainly be unconstitutional for the President of the United State 
to attempt to treat with individual members of any foreign
State or Government, (not duly authorized to represent surh
body,) or to attempt to obtain the ratification of a treaty by
means of the assent of individuals of the Senate, not duly as-
sembled and acting as such." "I remain of opinion that the
constitutionality of attempting to obtain the assent of individual
Indian chiefs to the amended treaty, in the manner in question,
is doubtful."
Sii, «ere ever these old, safe, rational, and sa-
lutary rules dispensed wi h by our Government, in
t'eating with any nation, foreign or domestic, civi-
lized or savage? I know of no dispensation of
those time-honored and cu'tomary forms in any
case wha'ever. I holJ, that if it be necessary to
treat at all, ihat we should treat according to the
ordinary and constitutional form?.
The commissioner concludes hisr*port by telling
us, what we could well have imagined, that all ihe
expenses if the amfnded treaty had been defrayed'
by the United States; and thinks if any further ex-
penses are io be iucuired, that the pre-emption pur-
chasers should pay <A«ir part of it. He ought to
have said the whole of it, as it would all be for their
private benefit.
The report of General Dearborn to General
Everett corresponds, in the main, wiih that of Mr.
Qillett, and therefore I shall not be couriered, I
hope, as treating that able State paper with disre-
spect, if I dispose of it very briefly.
General Dearborn tells us that,
"Among the numerous and very cogent reasons which were
urged by the commissioner for inducing the Indians to assent to
the amended treaty, during the progress of the Ions protracted
deliberations, he observed that he had been directed by the offi-
cer at, the head ofthe bureau of the Indian Department, to state,
as his opinion, that the contract of the Indians for the sale of
their right of possession to the Ogden company wae complete,
am) might be carried into effect, -whether the treaty with the
United States was ratified or not.
" As this was the only statement made by the commissioner to
which 1 did not fully concur, I informed the chiefs it became my
duty to announce to them that the Governor of Massachusetts
entertained a different view of the subject; and was authorized
to state, that unless the amendments made to the treaty were
asseoted.to, he considered the contracts, for the sale of their
right ofpossession, null and void; but that he did not undertake,
peremptorily, to decide a question ofsuch great importance; that
it was one which requiied the most grave and deliberate con-
sideration, and must ultimately be referred to the higtust judi-
cial tribunals of the country,if It should be insisted on by the
pre-emptioners.
" It was, therefore, for the chiefs to determine how far their
decision was to be influenced hy the doubtful position in which'
the subject was placed, from these conflicting opinion ; far tf
they should reject the treaty, and the contracts for the sale of
their reservations were declared binding, they would be left
without a home."
This disclosure n*ed3 no comment. The unfair-
ness and reprehensibility, on the part of the com-
missioner, of the use of such terrible and un-
sound arguments to the ignorant Sénecas, is obvious
to all.   The General also tells us, that
"The commissioner was induced to afford the last named ac-
commodation, in consequence of having been informed that
there were several chiefs who weiein favor of emigration, but
were afraid to sign the treaty publicly, as they had been threat*
ened with fatal consequences if they did. Intimidation ha 
beeh extensively used by the leaders and their partisan  in ft 
opposition, for the purpose of defeating the wishes of those wb 
are desirous of removing to the West TJie.CQaa n^n«rw**
informed by the chiefs of the Tuscaroras, that threat  had been
sent to them fiomthe Tonawanda reservation, *s «M r them
from ratifying the treaty.                        -.             .„,,—,¡i
"It bad been repeatedly representad, datfjoa -the lastwtmca
and the presen*, that there were a number of Indian*  "<1 *«£*:
cially amone the aged, who wet  hJbí&oú   re*u°SÍÍ
who often ¿bservedt 'Let the T«W* ,slb<,?ew„^.!fh^
yood the great river, tf they wish, hut we ,«je too oW to beg 
new eattbWents; weha/rethwhve and d.e wherei we have
S£Xl^cSS2SStóo « «ha' ther 8nou,d "ff"«° &"
i ^S ¡fcrwCiS**ñú   8Beh- W"* 8 *  Wfrawrtro  t 
