Mar. 1840.
¿6th Cong~.....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Buchanan in reply to Mr. Davis.
Senate.
deemed it advisable, for reasons set forlh in his
■ «¡age to the Senate of the 21st January,
H39, - not to promulge this treaty, bat he
submitted it again for oar advice. By do-
iDg so, he ha« shewn (hat oar confidence
bad not been misplaced. He has «hown, most
abundantly, that though he appreciated the wishes
and interests of New York and of Massachusetts,
that he was, at the same time, not disposed to
gratify even those two powerful States, at the ex-
pense an<l sacrifice of the just claims of even a
small fragment of wretched and miserable Indians.
He bad the pewer to sp^ak bat a single woid,' and
close «p this controversy forever. But, sir, he widely
preferred adhering to the immutable and eternal
principles of justice, to the pecuniary gains of
Massachusetts or New York; he preferred preserv-
ing, with scrupulous fidelity, our national charac-
ter, and honor and honesty, to the contemptible
spoils and laurels which might be gathered in
triumphing, by forced and unlawful means, over
a handful of ignorant savages. Sir, he resisted
importunities and refused to promulge the treaty,
and seal it back to the Senate, to his impartial
constitutional advisers, for their considerat on
Aad how did the Senate dispone of it? Let the
report of the Committee on Indian Affairs of the
last fe sion, and of the resolution of the 2d of
March last, founded upon that report, answer the
question. What is the resolution of the 2d of
March?
' Resolved, That whenever the President of the United States
shall be satisfied thai the asen t of the Seneca tribe of Indiana
has bcea given to the amended treaty of June 11,1S38, with the
New York Indiana, according to the true intent and meaning
of the resolution of the Senate of the 11th June, 1838, the Se-
nate recommend lhai the President make proclamation of said
treaty, and carry the same into effect."
Sir, we adopted that resolution for the purpose
of giving the parties interested another opportunity,
which they desired, to get the treaty absented to by
the Sénecas. This was done on the 2d of March,
the day before we adjourned the last Congress.
Oq the 7ih of that month, four days after the
adjournment, and before the treaty we had thus
disposed of had le't the Secretary's office, so far as
I know, but certainly before it had left the War
Department, we find Nath. T. Strong, a Seneca
chief, in a letter to the President, misrepresenting
the views and proceed ngs of the Senate upon that
treaty, and urging him to ratify it. On the 9th of
March, we find Mr. Allen, the agent of the land
eompany, of whom I have before spoken, in his
letter to the President, uiging him to ratify the
treaty, which the Senate had refused to do, but
seven days before. He furnishes the President the
same list of chiefs we had had before us, which he
contended was a majority of the Sénecas.
On the 11th, we find Mr. Wilcox, another pro-
minent individual throughout the whole of this
long protracted nfgotiatmn, in his letter to the Pre-
sident, urging him to raufy the treaty, and endors-
ing the truth of Allen's s'ate men t relative to the
Eumbrr of chiefs.
On the llih, we find Mr. Strykrr, the sub-agent,
in bis letter to the President, furnishing a list of the
chief*, with the same view.
On the 4th of April, we have a letter to the Pre-
sident, from tae Ogdrn .and company, with the
tame view; and on the 6th of March, two days
after we adjourned, we find that two of our brother
Senators, Messrs. Tíllmadgi and Norvell, fur-
■istteJ u> this same Mr. Allen, for the purpose of
showing (what they no doubt believed, and for
which I attach no blame) that the requirements of
the Senate, by the re¡ o ution of the 11th of June,
1838, that the treaty should be assented to in open
council, was dispense! with by the resolution of
the 2d of March. I can only say that that was not
my understanding of the resolution of the 2d of
March. What is that resolution? The resolution
of the 2d of March authorized the President to
make proclamation of the Seneca treaty whenever
he should be satisfied that the amended treat; had
been assented to, according to the true intent and
mceninr of Ik* resolution oj the Ufa of June, 1838
And how was that resolution of the ilth of June
construed! Let the report of the Committee on In-
d an Affairs answer. And how was it construed
by the commissioner, and by the Wn Department,
until it was found expedient for thtm to give it •
different construction? Let the history of this nego-
tiation, which the published documents fully fur-
nish, answer the question. How was it construed
by the President? Let his message of the 14th of
January last answer the question.
Construing these resolutions as we did, the Pre-
sident refused to promulge the treaty, notwithstand-
ing all the efforts made to induce him to do so. He
despatched the Secretary of War, last August, to
B jffalo, for the purpose of submitting the amended
treaty to the Sénecas, containing the views of the
Senate, a* re-affirmed by the resolution of the 2d
March. He convened a council for this purpose,
and what was the result? The Secretary has given
us nothing but the speeches of himself, of Gene-
ral Dearborn, of the agent, and of the Indian
chiefs, for and against the treaty. But the Presi-
dent, in the message of the l¿th of January last,
transmitting this treaty again, and for the third
time, to the Senate, for roii/ication, has given us
the result of the Secretary's negotiation in tkr«e
italicised lines, (multum in parvo,) which is, that
"no advance towards obtaining the assent of the Sene-
ca* (o the amended treaty, in council, was made, nor
can a majority of them, in council, be now obtained."
I have now, sir, endeavored to give the Senate a
full and impartial, though I fear a tedious, history
of what I consider the imponant points of this
whole matter, from the beginning up to this day;
and in doing so, I have based my statements upon
the official published documents emanating from
the public agents and officers of the Government.
I have not relied, because buch testimony, however
unjustly, in some instances, might be cavilled at,
upon Indian statements and Indian affidavits. Nor
have I relied, for any thing I have said, upon the
written statements ot the Quakers, who are viewed
by some gentlemen a* officious intruders and inter-
meddlers in this affair—not because I do not consi-
. der their statements as entitled to the fullest belief,
but because I have not found such reliance neces-
sary.
Now, sir, having wholly failed, af.er two years
of expense and trouble, of trials and tribulations,
backed by the potent influence of New York and
Massachusetts, and ef the active members of the land
company and their rewarded chiefs, to obtain, in
open council or otherwise, the voluntary assent of
a majority of the Seneca chiefs to the very liberal
treaty we are now considering—a treaty by which
we agree to give to the Sénecas, for their part of
the Green Bay lands, their portion of the f 4 00,000 in
ca-h, and their portion of the 1,800,000 arres of land
west of the State ef Missouri—hiving failed in all
this, what shall we do? Shall we throw our treaty
in the fire, and take by force what we have been un-
able to accomplish by negotiation? It is a grave
question for the Senate to decde. If history is to
be credited, it is not an unusual occurrence for the
weak and helpless to be robbed and preyed upon
by powerful civilized communities professing
Christianity. Sir, when Caesar demanded the
public treasure of Rome, he scorned the production
of any other warrant than his sword. And if we
really want the lands of the Sénecas for our mas-
ters—for this huge and overgrown land company—
we have but to nse a similar argument, and no
doubt it will be attended with similar success. Sir,
if we decide upon such a step, let us accomplish
our purpose in the bold spirit of the valiant high-
wayman, and not by the trick and trap, the shuf-
fling and legerdemain of a spurious treat)? If we
have determined to give up our henrsty, I hope we
shall at least preserve our reputation for courage.
By a census of the Sénecas, which has been fur-
nished us, it appears that not only a majority of
the chiefs, but also, about fourteen-fifteenths of the
whole population, are against the treaty, and op-
posed to emigration. This proportion, we find
existing now among them, after all the influences
I have before alluded to have been brought to
bear upon them for upwards of two years. And,
sir, what is more, after endeavoring, in addition
to all this, to starve them into submission, by with*
holding from them umil late in the summer of
1838, their annuity of 1837, I will read to
the Senate, for their information, the letter of Mr.
Harris of the 14th of March, 1838;
War Department,
Office of Indian Affairs, Marrh 14, 1838.
"Sir. In regard to the inquiries contained in the honorable
Mr Marvin's letter of ihe 2d instant, referred by you to this
office for a repoit, I beg leave to observe, that it is known here
that the Senaca annuity for 1837 has net been paid Remit-
tances weic m.ule foi the purpose m Jjne last; but owing to
various causes, amone; which were the absence ni an exploring
party to the We^t, the pendency of a negotiation with the
Neto York Indians, and (he engagement of ihe disbursing
agent in thesuppression of the hostile movements on the Cana-
da border, the payment has not been mide Thesvb agent,
noto here, inform* me that it if not dusirable it shouldhe
madeuntilthe return of the delegation now m this city
Yery respectfully, your most obedient «ervant,
. _  _              „        C  A  HARRIS, Commissioner.
Hon. J. R. Poinsett, Secretary of War
Sir, the Indians now are, as they have been from
the beginning, agitated, excit-d, and unhappy,
about th's treaty; and I now hope that, on this day,
the Senate will quiet their agonizing apprehen-
sions by finally disposing of it—by ratifying or re-
jecting it.
I had thought the treaty an advantageous one to
the Indians. I think so still But I am not dis-
posed to force upon them a measure, though cal-
culated, as I believe, to redound to their advantage,
which they literally abhor. Whenever they may
manifest a disposition to go westward, I, for one,
will be willing to give them a home. But, in
any future treaty we may have with them, should
this one be rejected, I hope we shall have nothing
to do with the Massachusetts land company. Let
this company extinguish their right of occupancy
themselves. And I here call upon those Senators
who are so opposed to monopolizing companies and
corporations—so averse to paying State,orcompany,
or corporation debts, with public money or pubic
lands, for objects of State or company purposes
exclusively, to stsrod by me on this trying occasion,
and prevent such a conversion of ihe public trea-
sure to such unworthy purposes—to local purpo:es
in whit h we have not a shadow of interest.
We have had before us a great mas* of testimony
(ex parte always) upon both sides, criminating and
recriminating each other. We have looked over it
all; and we of the committee congratulate ourselves
upon being able to make up our minds upon the
merits of this treaty from the fullness of our cru-
cial documents, without relying, in any great de-
gree, upon this ex parte testimony.
I conclude, Mr. President, by expressing the
hope that the Srnate will adopt the resolution
reported by ths Committee on Indian Affairs,
which is a resolution to reject the treaty.
REMARKS OF MR. BUCHANAN.
Mr. BUCHANAN said:
He had a few words more to offer, though he did
not consider it necessary to'vrolong tie controversy.
He had already done himsilf amrjfe justice, and
placed himself in his tru  posjfion before the
country.                             \     /
When, on Tuesday last, saw Jar. B. I introduced
my complaint before the Senue, I spoke of ihe
Senator and bis speech in a spirit of candor, and
wuh no purpose whatever except that of defending
myself. He then replied to my remarks, and the
subject pasjed away wi hout leaving behind one
unpleasant feeling, so far as I was concerned. The
Senator slept upon what he had said. It appears
his friends had misunderstood him, and he deemed
it necessary to renew the debate. I did not misun-
derstand him; and in preparing my remarks for
the press, I should have carefully suppressed every
expression which could have given him pain.
At his request, 1 have delated to publish the re-
marks which I made oa Tuesday last, until he
could have an opportunity of being again heard in
reply. He has now enjoyed that opportunity to
the fullest extent, and what has been the result?
My charge against him was, that he had over and
over again asserted, nay, that he had made it the
very foundation upon which a great part of his
speech rested, that I had advocated the Indepen-
dent Treasury bill, because it would destroy the
banks of the country, introduce an exclusive me-
tallic currency, prostrate credit, check importa-
tions, and reduce the va'ue of property and the
wages of labor. This was ihe character which the
Senator said had been given to the measure by my-
self, and, alarming as these doctrines were, he was
rejoiced that they had been frankly avowed.   Ha 
