Mar. 1840*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*9r
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Porter.
Senate.
formed of the nature, geographical position, and
value of the works, or siarted to excite the more
determined opposition of the enemies of such im-
provements.   The amendment, based upon offic al
estimates from the War Department, had nothing
complicated about it.   The objects were familiar to
every Senator who had ever turned his mind to the
examination of such matters; and certainly every
Western Senator, qualified forhisduty.was bound to
understand before he interposed difficulties and ob-
stacles of a frivolous na'ure  to such appropria-
tions. By the amendment it was proposed to appro-
priate 48,000 dollars for examinations and surveys
east and w#st of the Mississippi; 262,947 dollars
for the improvement of roads other than the Cum-
berland road; 854,500 dollars for removing obstruc-
tions to the navigation of rivers; 200,000 dollars
for the further construction of breakwaters-, and
924,031 dollars lor the continued improvement of
haibors, principally upon the lakes and Wettern
waters.   The whole of the proposed appropriations
amounted to 2,269,478 dollars.   The sum was to-
lerably large, but not greater than the importance
of the improvements would justify.   Besides, he
bad separated the items for ihe purpose of taking
the sense of the Senate upon each; and Senators
who might favor one class of works, and not ano-
ther, could vote accordingly.   They could reduce
the appropriations, or strike out such as they disap-
pioved altogeher.    They might  cut   down   the
amount to-one million, or to half that sum.   For
his part, as an American Senator, he  consider-
ed him elf  bound,   while   looking  specially  to
the   inteiests   of    his   own   State,   to   extend
his   views   over   the   whole  Union.   The co-
States of Michigan were entitled   to   an   equal
consideration   wiih   her   in  our   Federal   legis-
lation. . In   this amendment,   however,  she had
á deep in t*re*t.    It contained appropriations for
the continued improvement, both of her roads and
her harbor ; and he should feel himself recreant to
his duty to her, if he did not, upon all occasions,
earnestly reek, by every lawful and   honorable
means, to promoie those vital objects of improve-
ment which, without embarrassing the Treasury,
would se> essentially conduce to her prosperity.
His amendment was not a substitute, but an addi-
tion to the Cumberland road.   To oppose it, on
the ground of a col lis on between them, indicated
nothing but a want   of   any   correct  aod  just
knowledge ef the coime which things had taken
here.    At   any rate, if he stood a'one   in   his
vote, he should   insist   upon   taking   the sense
of tbe  Senate   on   the   subject, until he  found
that any  further  perseverance   would  be  use-
less.     The Cumberland road, after it left   the
river Ohio, bad become a sectional, rather than
a national improvement; and viewed, as it was,
asa sectional measure, it had no special claim to
tbe favor of a Michigan Senator.   Its tendency
w<s to facilitate immigration not into that State,
bat into the States south of her.   It would pro-
mote their settlement and cultivation; and while
he contemplated their march to prosperity with
pleasure, he could   not   consider   it the part  of
wi>dom to hasten that march, while they conti-
nued  to exhibit a disposition to withhold from
his State the means of adding to her advances in
agncu'tare, navigation, commerce, and popula-
tion.   He was not satisfied with professions; he
wanted votes.
Many of the works embraced in the amendment,
were dilapidating for the want of money to con-
tinue their improvement. The lakes and other na-
vigable waters, which tow into the St. Lawrence
and the king of rivers, were declared, as he had
OB former occasions said, to be the common high-
way of all the people of the United States. The
States through which thty passed would im-
pose no impost, dut , or tax whatever, for
their improvement. These provisions were to be
found in the ordinance of 1787; an ordinance
which had always, excpt in one case, to which he
would not more specially refer at this time, been
considered as saer.dly binding on the parties to it.
Sir,you are bound, solemnly bjuod, after declar-
ing the lakes to be the free and common highway
of the nation, and after inhibiting to the Jake States
|11 l))f meant of rendering lh.it oowrnoR bi|hW87
safe to the ships, commerce, and mariners that
move upon their waters, to construct harbors, to
build light-houses, and to do whatever else may
conduce to that safety. How can you escape from
the performance of this duty? You cannot, sir,
without a sacrifice of some of the highest obi ga-
tions which, as a Confederacy, you owe to the
States more immediately concerned.
War was among the possibilities even of the
present year. Your lakes and Northern frontier
will be its principal theatres. There, on the great
inland sea's of this cmtinent, has your navy, in
squadrons, shed undying glory on your arms,
bound your brows with the wreaths oí victory, and
emblazoned your national character with fresh lus-
tre. There, on that frontier and on the lakes, your
future battles will be fought with the colossal pow-
er which bestrides one half of the globe. There
will you need harbors of shelter and protection for
your public vessels and seamen; and there will you
require, in winter especially, military roadi for the
conveyance of troops and munitions of war to the
forts so important to the defence of the country.
After some remarks by Mr. CLAY of Ken-
tucky, and Mr. DAVIS, in opposition to the
amendment,
Mr. PORTER said: I feel extremely reluctant to
detain the Senate by a participation in this discus-
sion; but, in voting against this amendment of my
colleague, which I intend to do^I wish, if possible,
to place myself in a light to justify that vote, espe-
cially as many of the items of appropriation em-
braced in it purport to have for their object expen-
ditures on public works, in which the people of
Michigan have a deep and vital interest. I allude
to the improvement of harbors on the great Jakes.
I shall vote against his amendment, sir, not be-
cause I am hostile to these appropriation , but be-
cause I am friendly to them. I am ready to do
any thin  that I can with honor to promo'e the
great mterets of Western trade, which I believe to
be essentially interwoven with the fate of this har-
bor policy. Í speak particularly with reference to
the harbors on these lake*, because it is in respect
to them I am somewhat minutely informed, and it
is particularly my duty to speak. If my colleague
is prepared to vote for all the items in this amend-
ment, requiring appropriations to the amount of
nearly two and a half millions of dollars, extend-
ing not only throughout our sea, gulf, and lake
coasts, but to rivers in various parts of the United
States, he has greatly the advantage of me in a
knowledge of this branch of topography. I am
aware, sir, that all those items are embraced in
the estima'es of the Topographical Bureau, (a
fact, however, affording no evidence of trwir ex-
clusive merit,) sent here in documentary form,
as the result of surveys and examinations made
by civil engineers, and that they have all heretofore
been objects  f appropriation in a greater or less
degree. But for myself, sir, inasmuch as we have
not the conclusions of a committee on this subject
to enlighten us, and as I have enjoyed no means of
being advised in detail of the merits of all these
works, I am left to the inference wh ch, in the ab-
sence of information 1 must draw, that there may
besóme 'or which further appropriations would not
be demanded by high considerations of public utili-
ty. ' A suspension may be advisable as to some,
and an entire abandonment as to others. I believe,
sir, this want of information in detail pervades al-
most this entire Senate. I do not believe it is pre*
pared to act advisedly on this complicated amend-
ment; and this fact would of itself be fearfully por-
tentous of the fate of the harbor bill, were it de-
pendent alone on the vo'e about to be taken.
This Cumberland road bill, my colleague tells
you, is a "ricketychild," and he cites an instance in
which it was itself once the subject of an amend-
ment toa special appropriation bill to help it a'ong.
In my judgment, sir, this is a most unfortunate
personification for my colleague. If the Cumber-
land road bill be indeed "a rickety ch Id," I am
unwilling to give it an opportunity cf imparting
any of its infirmity to the harbor bill. An insepa-
rable union of the two will lead to a common fata-
lity. They must go to the tomb of the Capulets
together. Equally certain, too, for reasons I nave
st«ed, would be toe doom of oar favorite local po.
licy, were his amendment to be pressed now as a
substitute, and the vote on it to be final and con-
clusive.
I deprecate, sir, any course of legislation calcu-
lated to jeopardize the great interests of which I
«peak, by subjecting them  to decision on a false
issue.   I wish the harbor bill (and as before, sir, I
mean particularly the lake items of it) to stand on
its merits alone; for I know not, at  th's time, of
any internal policy with  which it could  be con-
nected, in the process of legislation, that would bt)
cilculated to aid its passage through Congress.
But how can it so s'and, sir, with my colleague's
amendment added to  the  original  bill, on a final
vote?   We all know there are gentlemen in both
Houses whose opinions in respect to the power of
Congress to apprcpriate money for the Cumberland
road are such as to forbid the hope that their votes
can be had for i's continued prosecution at the na-
tional charge.    The naked question comes up, sir,
for I take it as granted that the two per cent, fund
is no longer a fountain at which constitutional sins
may be washed away.   The number of these gen-
tlemen is by no means small; and, while the entire
bill, with amendments, is sure  to encounter their
opposition on this ground, and while we are, by
embarrassing the action of the Senate on the Cum-
berland Road bill, unnecessarily inviting the hos-
tility of its immediate friends to pur measure, in
case theirs fails through our act, we have "the
hope of despair" to look to, that Senators will vote
for us in the dark (for they must do so, if they vote
at all in oui favor) on this voluminous, complex,
uninvestigated, (except in \he figures of the TopO-
graphisal Bureau) amendment of my colleague.
Oar harbor bill is not embarrassed by these doc-
trinal difficulties which beset the Cumberland road
bill. The friends of the latter measure are our
friends, and if we present claims to the liberality
of Congress equally meritorious with theirs, which
I believe we can do, we shall assuredly, at the pro-
per time, have their suppoit. I am willing, and I
be'ieve it safe, sir, to trust the poliey of lake har-
bor appropriations to their sense of what is due to
the great interests of Western commerce oa the
great lakes; and I am willing and desirous, too,
that every item of appropriation for which we may
ask should be subjected torieid scrutiny. I desire
the Senate to know what they are about (and they
do not know now) when the subject is properly
presente 1, either by themselves or through the able
Committee on Comme-ce, of which my colleague
is a member; and, if we then fail, 1 shall attribute
the failure, not to a want of merit in tbe claims of
the lake barbers, but to considerations arising out
of the present condition of the public finances.
But, Mr. President, while this system of improve-
ment—which I so ardently desire to favor—reach-'
es, by immediate contact, the interests of six States
and one territory of this UniOn, I can speak of it
emphatically in view of thrs; of my own State—
even of the very city of my residence; although,
as is well known, she as-ks nothing from Congress
in the way of direct local appropriation, to add to
her comm°rc'al facilities, so far as they ate con*
nected with navieat oi. Yes, sir, even Detfbit is
deeply inter sted in these lake works, and were I
to look to her wellare alone, I could find abundant
reason to deprecate any unfortunate step in the
forms of legislation which should put the harbor
bill to the extent of the interest I, in part, imme-
diately represent in it at hazard.
The city of Detroit is regarded as one of the
most eligib'e points on the great lakes, above the
Falls of Niagara, for owning and controlling lake'
shippin?. Occupying an intermediate point in this
great chain of navigation—having a natural har-
bor of unsurpassed excellence anu unlimited capa*
city—she adds the important atvanttge of bring
one of the first to be emancipated from tbeicy teu
ters of winter. The business of tbe tew   v;ih
the upper ports, both of Lake Erie vaA *« lak<,s
above her, she is among ibe irst to participate in,
and employment is, in many instances, for weMrs,
given to her shipping, white at other important
points it ii locked up with ice. And this reatare in
our position is becoming more and more impor-
tant as the trade of the WM increase?. In prcor
of th*Wftl Místele  of >o«se peculiar advantages,
