soo
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April,  1840.
26th Conxj.«««1st Sess.
Bill for the relief of Bailey and Dilord—Mr. Dana.
H. of Reps.
that river,   which   runs a great   portion   of  its
distance    neatly   parallel   to   it,   affords   eas:er
and cheaper transportation for troops and ill the
munitions of war, than the Cumberland road. No
one would ever thick of hauling along this road,
through, the interior of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois
to the Mississippi, the articles necessary for the sub*
sislencs of an army, when the majestic Ohio river,
with her hundred steamboats, runs along the South-
ern boundaries of those States the entire distance.,
and in the same general direction.   Nur, said Mr.
C. is it a commercial road, more than any other
road that leads from town to town, through the in-
terior of the country.   Then how can it be called
a great national work in any other sense than the
amount of the public treasure that has bien squan-
dered upon n?    And how many States are intetested
in ii? F6t«r out of twenty six.' With the exception of
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri—thtough the
first three of which it passes, and leads to the last—
it cannot be said to be us;d by, or even useful  to
the citizens, generally, of any other S'ate.   "What
irterest have the States south of the Potomac and
the Ohio in the Curobeilpnd road, west of that ri-
▼ei?   As States, none  whaever.   An occasional
traveller from some of them may pass over it,
but no considerable number  of the   citzens   of
either   of them    What interest   has New York
asd  the   six   New   England   States  in ii?   Just
about as muchas those of the South and Southwest.
Yet, Mr.  President,  (said  Mr.  C ) all the other
States are to be taxed to make a great road for the
convenience of pans of four only.    The citizens
of Tennessee, and Alabama, and Mississippi, and
Louisiana, are to be taxed to ra'se a half mill on
of do'lais annually—it  will probably soon be a
million or more «ach year—1<> construct a great
road, to run through a few counties in Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Illinois, which does not lead in the direc-
tion of either, and will never be used by one out of
a thousand ef their citizens.   Not one of the mer
chants of either of those Southwestern States will
ever, in all probability, have a tale of their poods
hauled over the Cumberland road, west of the
Ohio. And, sir, the citizens of Virginia, the Caro-
linas, and Georgia, are to be also taxed, to keep
up the expenditures upon ihis (to them) useless and
extravagant work.   They have even less interest
in this road, if possible, than these of the four
Southwestern States before named.     Nor can the
citizens of New York, nor the six New England
States, derive any benefit from this expensive im-
provement.    It has no connection wi'h their trade,
or commercial intercourse; and, even when they
emigrate to the West or Nonhwest, instead of the
tedious, laborious and expensive land travel, by
way of the Cumberland road,  they will take the
more economical and «xpedttious route by wav of
the Hudson and Erie Canal, and the lakes.   Yet,
sir, tfuy too are to be taxed to carry on this work,
or, with the West and Southwest, contract a nation-
al debt, by borrowing money for the same object.
Sir, sa d Mr. C. ths is unequal, unjust, and un-
generous; it is not that equality and fairness which
lies at the foundation of all our institutions.   I
pro'est against it, as not warranted by the letter or
spirit of the Constitution.
But, sir, said Mr. C. the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Young] has thought proper, by way of sus-
taining this unwarrantable and iniquitous measure,
to attack my consistency.    Mr. C. said he was not
prepared to admit that his own consistency, or in-
consistency, or those of any other person, had, legi-
timately, any thing to do with the merits of the
que tion before the Senate.   If he  had e^er pur-
sued a course inconsistent with that he was now
pursuing, it did not prove that sneh a measure was
right; but he was willing to give the gentleman the
benefit of whatever aid he could fairly derive from
that source.   Sir, said  Mr. C th? Senator from
Illinois asks.Jwith a triumphant air, alluding to me,
" Did  not the Senator frrm Alabama vote for the
Maysville road bill?"   Wi h all candor and frank-
ness. I answer, I did.    Eut let me state the consi-
derations  wlvch  influencsd  and determined that
Vote,   before  ths gentleman   shall   either  avail
himself of its   imagined  support,   or  condemn
me for inconsistency.     S.r, I repeat, I did vete
for tbf M 7*Tilte íob<J bill; but remember, at
'hat time, and even now, not one do'lar of
ihe two per cent, fund ari-ing upon the fales of
the public lands, either in Alabama or Mississippi,'
had, or has jet been appropriated to making roads,
according to the terms of the acts for their admis-
sion into the Union. Each of those acts held the
same language, "that five per cent, of the net! pro-
ct eds of the lands lying within" each territory, sold
after a certain day, fixed in each, "be reserved for
making public roads and canals, of which three-
fifths shall be applied to those objects within the
said States, under the direction of the Lfg.slatures
thereof, and two fifths to the making of a road or
roads, leading to the said Stales, under the direction of
Congress." Now, sir, although Mississippi had at
that time been a State between twelve and thirteen
years, and Alabama between ten and eleven yeas,
and much of the public lands had, in the mean
time, been sold m each, and although the two per
cent, fund of each had b<come considerable, and
was continually accumulating, yet no road leading
to either had been made or commenced, by or un-
der the direction of Congress, nor had one dollar of
that fund been applied, according to the terms of
the respeztive compacts. The Maysville road
(commonly so called) was a link in the great road,
proposed to be made from Zanesville, on the Cum-
berland road, by way of Maysvi le and Lexington,
Kentucky, Na^ville, Tennessee, and F orence,
Alabama, to New Oileans, which, Mr. C. said, (if
he was not ereatly mistaken,) had been laid out,
with the approbation of the then Chief Magistrate,
by the engineers of the United States. From what
he had stated, Mr. C. said, it wou'd be apparent
that the Maysville road was a part of the great
road contemplated, which led to, and through, Ala-
hama and Mississippi, to the city of New Orleans;
and, as the whole 2 per cent, fund of Alabama and
Mississippi which had ihen accrued, or might there-
after accrue, was unappropriated to any object con-
templated by the compact of those States with the
General Government, he thought re was sustained
and justified in the vote which he had given, and
which had attracted the animadversion of the Se-
nator from Illinois. However, (said Mr. C.) if the
circumstances stated do not sustain my vote on that
occasion, I have another answer to give, which
ought to be satisfactory to ev< ry ingenuous mind—
that is, if not so justified, J frankly admit wt/ vote
toas wrong. He said he regarded a confession of
error one of the best modes.of atonement. But
(said Mr. C.) does all this prove that the Senator
from Illinois i* right, in pressing upon us a c'aira
for an expenditure of money so prod'gal and un-
warrantab'e? He would leave the Senate to de-
cide.
Mr. C. said it was due to himself that he should
say, that if the Senator frtm Illinois would look
through the journals of the Hous , during the ses-
sion of 1839 30, (at which the Maysvi'le road bill
had passed, and the first Mr. C. ever served in
Congress,) he would find that he (Mr. C.) had
voted against every other simi ar projec'; and, if
not very much mistaken, that Senator might ex-
tend his search throush the journals of both
Houses, up to the present day, and not find his
vote recorded in favor of another road of the kind
This was some evidence, Mr. C. thought, that if he
had sinned at all upon this subject, he was not a
very great sinner.
However, said Mr. C. in the Senntor's embar-
rassment, and want of grounds to sustain himself,
he again cha'ges that Alabama is to have her two
percent, a bill having passed the Sena'e to relin-
quish to her that fund, and, con«equently, wonld
have it inferred that Illinois, and her co-S ates in
this business, must have all they may think proper
to ask. He said this seemed to bs sineular reason-
ing; he would examine it for a mement. Ii Ala-
bama to receive, or have expanded, her two
per cent, fund before it accrued Not so,
said Mr. C; so far from the fact, it has
be*n accruing for more than twenty years,
and now the bill, a; passed, does not entitle her
to receive all that has accrued at once, but only
in quarterly payments, aBd as she may expend cor-
responding sums, derived from other sources, upon
the contemplated improvement; and she can only
receive the balance as  it may hereafter accrue.
Not one dollar of that fund is to be anticipated or
laid out for her benefit until after it shall have been
first received into theTreasury of the United States.
How different with Illin >is and the other North-
western States! They have not only anticipated
the receipt of every dollar of the two per cent, fund
by appropriat.ons before it accrued, but the Gene-
ral Government has expended for the'r benefit
millions of dollars beyond the largest amount that
ever can possibly accrue. Alabama has asked, and
expects t<> i eceive.no oiher favor than the mere pri-
vilege of applying the amount of the fund (not one
cent more) 10 making railroads connecting the Ten-
nessee river, in the northern part of the State, and
ithe Chatahnoche, on her eastern boundary, with
the navigable waters of Mob.le bay, instead of
making a road or roads leading to the State. To
such a change, merely in the application of the
fund, the General Government cannot object, be-
cause we ask no more money, and Us interest or
convenience cannot be affected. Nor can Ihe
inteies's of the adjoining States be afitcted: they
will be more benefited by such an application, than
if laid out according to the provisions of the
original compact. A railroad, from the Tennes-
see river to the navigable waters of Moble Bay,
will open to all East Tennessee and a portón of
Middle Tennessee, one of the finest markets in the
world for all their rich and manifold productions.
Even West Tennessee, up through the channel of
that river to the Northern termmus of the railroad,
may come in, and participate in the advantages of
the same market. So the people of Georgia, from
the country lyinsr on the Chattahoochee, around
and above West Point, will find ready and easy ac-
cess to Mobile; and derive advantages from the
railroad already in progress in that quarter, far grea-
ter than from the expenditure of the fund on a road
wnhin the limits of their own State. • Those are the
only Statrs, that can be considered directly inter-
ested in the application of the two per cent fund of
Alabama; and the Senators from neither of them
have hitherto objected to the bill, to which the Se-
nator from Illinois has alluded. If they do not ob-
ject, and this Government/is to give no money, and
lose no advantage, wht) has a right to complain?
Mr. C. said it must/be apparent, ihat the bill to
change the application of the Alabama two per
cent, fund bore /io analogy whatever to the bill
now under consideration, and could not aid the
gentleman in sustaining his claim to the appropria-
tion which it/proposed.
The Senate then adjourned till Monday next.
MARKS OF MR. DANA,
OF NEW YORK,
in tffe House of Representatives, Friday, April 3,
1840—On the amendment offered by Mr. Hand
to the bill for the relief of Bailey and De'ord,
proposing to pay a gross sum in full.
Mr. DANA said he wMied to trouble the House
with a few words on the subject of this claim; that
he had no knowledge of the facts but what he ob-
tained from the documents before the House. His
attention was first attracted to the subject from
finding the name of an old acqua:ntance among
¡he witnesses; and on an examnation of the docu-
ments, which he made in consequence, he became
satiifi-d of the justice of the claim, aBd hoped to
be able to impress on a majority of the Hou«e the
same opinion. A part of the evidence had been
submitted to a committee of the House in 1836,
and the claim reported against. The addiiionil
documents presented at this session, it appeared,
had not been sufficient to induce the committee to
dissent from the former report. He deemed it un-
fortunate for the claim that the whole evidence had:
not teen presented at once. The first report, made
tn a pan only of the proof, may have been correct,
and tie additional proof might not be sufficient to
require the committee to overrule the former report,
and yet it might be very possible that the commit-
tee, uninfluenced by the tir^t report, would have
decided in favor of the claim. The error of the
report is in considering Bailey and Delord as sutlers.
They were not sutlers, but merchants, entirely un-
connected with the army, except in the single
transaction whence this claim arises.   They made
