soé
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOÉÉ.
26th Coh««-« 1st Skss.
Losses sustained by Indian wars—Mr. TVright.
Mar. 184Ó.
Senate.
to decide on all cases undeHhis act. He had great
confidence in the industry and faithfulness of that
officer; but if Senators preferred a different tribu-
nal for auditing these claims, he would not object.
He felt well assured that the duty might safely
and properly be confided to the Third Auditor—he
would not say that it might not be as well confided
to another. This was not the great matter with
him. His object was to have the principies em-
braced in the first three sections of this bill, become
the law of the land. Who should be charged with
the examination and adjudication of the claims,
was a secondary object. It will be recollected that
the examination of the claims of a like character,
under the acts of 1816 and 1817, were ultimately
confided, by the act of Congress of 20th Apii1,
1818, to this same officer.
He could not well conceive what objections
would be uiged. He was aware that the Senator
on his right [Mr. Grundt] was prepared for battle.
He was hoping that the distinguished Senator
would lend him his aid in perfecting this bit'; but
he should wait and see what objections would be
started. He would say in advance, that he was
not tenacious for this particular bill. If any Sena-
tor could devise a better measure to reach the ob-
ject aimed at, he should be most happy to adopt it.
The time bad come «hen something should be
done; the honor of the Government, as weM as jus-
tice to the individuals concerned, demanded that
something should be done, and done speedily.
Can it be possible that a single member of this
Senate will vote against allowing an individual
claim, if clearly brought within the provisions of
the ninth section of the act of-April, 1816? He
trusted not. It may be again said, by way of ob-
jection, that the Senate had already passed a bill
providing for the settlement of private claims, and
that the passage of this bill was therefore uncalled
for. It may be said, as it was said on a former
occasion, that a different rule ought to prevail in
the allowance of claims for properly destroyed in a
war wiih an Indian tribe from that which s-hould
govern Congress in passing upon claims for pro-
perty destroyed in a war with a civilized nation;
that the practice of an Indian enemy, it is alie ed,
is "an, indiscriminate and wanton destruction ot
private property," and that the Government ought
not to provide any more for the payment of pro-
perty of individuals, taken for the use of Govern-
ment, than far other property lost bv ihe fae of
war. Ht would examine briefly these o!ij ctions.
And first of all, he must ¡-ay that the sta emrnt that
it was the habit of an Indian enemy indiscriminately
to destroy all property, was not correct in fact.
As to the first objection, Mr. H said, it was true
the Senate had already passed a bill lor ihe esta-
blishment of a Board of Commissioners to settle
private claim'; and if that bill had passed the other
branch of Congress, we shou'd not urge the pas-
sage of the present bill. But what is to be dom? Is
the Senate to wait until the last hour of the ses-ion,
when they imy be informed that the House have
not concurred in the bill which has already been
passed by the Senate, for establishing a Board of
Commissioners and when it will be too late to ori-
ginate and peifect such a measure as is now before
the Senate? No: the proper course ;s for the
Senate to do its whole duty; pas* the bill, send it
t) the House, and the effect may be to secure the
passage of one or other of the general bills. He
would not delay action, for the reason that the
Senate h?s already passed one bill, which, if it Be-
comes a law, might render this lili unnecessary.
This objection would apply with equal force
aga'nst taking up and considerirg any private
bill upon the calendar. Ami what would be said
by a Senator, who had a private bill, in the pas-
sage of wh'ch he felt a deep interest, to be told that
there would be no propriety in acting on it, be-
cause the Senate has already passed a general bill
providing for the adjustment of all private c'aim«.
He was of opinion that such a reply would be
wholly unsatisfactory. Again, he would urge upon
the Senate to do what it ought to do wiih all ihe
bills, public and private, upon their calendar; and
let the House act according to its own discretion
and sense of justice. If the bill now before ihem
fchoold b# patted, any farther action  upon this
bill, and upon all priva'e bills, will be unn- cessary.
Should that bill not find favor in that branch, it is
to be hoped that this may. If both should be re-
jected by the House, then Congress is left to pass
upon such'private bills as in their judgment should
be perfected.
There wasjinothcr objection stateJ, which merits
some notice There was an error in supposing
that, by applying the principles of the acts of 1816
and 1817 to a savage war, the committee had
based their act on unsound^principles, and had in-
troduced into the bill a new principle. It will be
seen by a reference to the act of 1817, that the
provision of that act, and of the act to which that
was an amendment, (the act of 1816,) "were ex-
tended to the ceases ot property 1 st, captured, or
destroyed in the wars with the Indian tribes," &c.
Here, then, is direct authority tor this very bill.
The acts of 1816 and of 1817 were extended to
propsrty lost in Indian wars; but even if those acts
did not embrace property destroyed or captured in
wars with Indian tribes, he would ask where is
there any semblance of justice in making the dis-
tinction? The United States, for public purposes,
engage in a war wiih the tribe of Seminole In-
dians. In the prosecution of that war, they take
private property for public use—they convert the
dwell ngs of individuals into barracks for our
troops, or into depots for military or naval stores;
and in the progress of the war, this description of
property is destroyed by the enemy. Its owner
learns that, that while the houses of his neighbors
have been saved from destruction, his own has
been sacrificed by his country's enemy, in conse-
quence of its military occupation by his country's
troops. And it would indeed be a sorry comfort to
him to be to'd, that for all this he can receive no
remuneration, because the property was destroyed
in a war with an Indian nation. The act of his
Government is the same in both cases—the
consequence to the owner the same in both cases.
The property of individuals has been taken in both
cases for public purposes; and in his judgment jus-
tice demands payment in the one as well as in ihe
other. He would again say that he would not ob-
ject to any change in the details of his bill, which
would more efleciually promote his object; but he
would be better pleased to hive ihe co-opération of
friends, ra'her than of enemies, in perfecting this
measure.
It may not be unprofitable to take a cursory ex-
aminaiinn of ihe ca<es which have come to the
knowledge of the Committee on Chim*, and which
have induced them to recommend to the Senate the
adoption of this general measure for the ultimate
relief of suffering claimants.
What were the facts? What had taken place,
callin? imperiously upon Congress for legislative
acti' n? He would briefly state. The officers of the
American army, durng the present war wiih the
Seminole Indians, and during lecent hostilities
wiih the Creeks, had taken possession of the houses
and property of indiv.duals, and disposed of them
for barracks and for the other uses of the army;
and while thus occupied, the property was utterly
destroy e t by the enemy. Are Senators acquainted
wiih the facts as they transpired in the caies of
General Hernandez, Gen. CLnrh, and Jno. J. Bu-
low, jr.? cases clearly within the acts of 1816 and
'17, which have already been ci'ed. It hail been
h's painful duty to make himself famiüir with ihe
his'ory of these, a* well as ether cases of a like
character. In one memorable case, not only was
the dwelling and the house of the owner taken and
converted into barracks for Ihe American troops,
fortified by a breastwork made from his own cotton
bags, but he himself was impressed into the public
service, and by reason of which his life was sacri-
ficed, lie alluded lo the case of Bulow. Will
the Senate refuse todo justice—full, ample, entire
justice—to his heir*? He could not believe it. This
is but one cafe. The evidence had all been de-
tailed before the committee, and there wtsnoroom
Jo question that property, thus taken, controlled and
pos<«s3td by public authority, was destroyed, and
became wholly lost to the owners by the act of the
enemy, in consequence of such occupation. In
other instances, provisions and personal property
of other descriptions had been taken for the sub*
sistence and necessary use of the army, for which
no compensation was made at the time, or has ever
been made since.
These were some of the facts presented to the
committee, and they could not hesitate a moment
to render what justice they could to the claimants.
It is true that ihey have reported specal bill--, as
well as the general bill now under discussion—so
that if the latter should be rejected, the former, he
hoped, might be passed. He did not believe that
the amount which would necessarily be withdrawn
from the Treasury, would be as large as many Se-
nators had suppose!. He had not, from the evi-
dence, discovered any thing alarming in the amount.
He was per.uaded that if the act was faithfully ex-
ecu'ed, every claim coming within the provisions of
the bill, might be satisfied within the amount sp«-
cified in a report he had made to th« Sena'e at the
last session, which, if he rightly recollected, was
less than one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
But the amount of the claims had no terrors to
him, nor would it deter him from doing, what he
be'ieved, most conscientiously, to be his bounden
duty.
It is a fact known to him, that sime of these
claimants had been reduced from independence to
penury by the act of this Government, by the
destruction of their plantations for public purposes.
These were the very claimants who had Ions
been knocking at the door of the Senate, and
asking justice at their hands. Can the Senate
turn a deaf ear to their peti'ion^? No: e/ery con-
sideration of equal justice, of right, and of hu-
manity, forbid i'. He then would appeal to the Se-
nate to pass this bill,wh¡ch looks to a remuneration
lo these claimants for the loss, which they have,
without their agency, been compelled to endure.
Mr. WRIGHT inquired whether the bill already
pass*d by the Senate to establish a board of com-
missioners to hear and examine claims against the
United States would not reach the casis alluded to
by the Senatoi?
[Mr. Hcbbard said undoubtedly the bill would
reach some of them.]
Mr. W. then thought ihat, if this bill were
passed, it would be a kind ef duplicate legislation.
There was one bill already sent to the other House
of a general character, and belore that was acted
on, here was another of a general specific nature,
(if he might te allowed to use such a phrase,)
which might have a tendency to embarrass the
other.
Again: The same difliculiy that had presented
itselt to his mind, when the bill for the relief of
John J. Bulow was discussed, sill exited, and he
thought the committee had not based the report on
sound principles when they sought to apply the re-
cognised usages of civilized to that of savage war-
fare: they were diametrically opposed m every re-
spect. In the one case, persons who had property
were anxiou-> to have ihe troops kept as f¿r as pos-
sib'e from their domicils, lest the enemy might be
provoked to destroy them; but in a war with
savage -, who destroyed md scr minately, the case
was entirely reversed, and it was at all times desi-
rable to have the property occupied, that it might
be guarded from des,truciion. In the instances b.-
foie them, so far from the properly telng destroyed
in consequence of occupation, it was pi o ected so
long as the troops had it in posse-sion,and hence h*-
was not disposed to lend his sane ion to a measure
that wou'd make the Government responsible on
principles so is enlially opposed to each o h-r. Mr.
W. thought, too, that if such a principle as that
laid down was enci established, it might lead the
way to other Indiui wars, besides opening the doors
of the Treasuiy to an almost indefinite extent.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama expressed hi* surprise
and regret that the bill under con&iderati( n should
be met by such opposition as it had encountered.
He could not reconcile his mind to the idea that
the amount of claims should be a bar to the pas-
sage of[a law, when justice w¿s on his side. Could
it be admitted for a moment that a ci'izen of this
country should not be paid the amount of a just
claim, because the amount was large? Did the
amount of a claim, whether large or small, have
any thing to do with the question wheth< r it was
just?   He conjd not agree to any such proposition.
