Mar. 184Ó.______________
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
AtfMSÍÍDlX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
áós
Losses sustained by Indian wars—Mr. Clay of Ala.
Senate. 1
Equity and justice should be the considerations to
guide ns in such matters.
The Senator from New Yoik [Mr. Wright]
seemed to think that property destroyed by a sa-
Tage foe could not come within the principles recog-
nised in civilized warfare; but was such a docirine
correct, or could it be sustained? Should it ever
be said that this Government would refuse remu-
neration for property destroyed when in the occu-
pancy ef out troops, or by the orders of its own
agents, without the consent of its owner*? He
hoped never to see such princip'es recognised.
Nor (said Mr. C.) does the bill under considera-
tion involve any new principle; the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hdbrard] has shown pre-
cedents for all its provisions in the legislation which
followed the war of 1812.
Mr. C. then went into an examination of the
several provisions of the bill, in order to show the
several classes of claims which it embraced. The
first section, he said, provided that "any person who,
since the year 1830, may have sustained damage by
the destruction of his or her house or building by
the enemy, in the late wars between the United
States and the Indian tribes, or any of them, in con-
sequence of the same being occupied as a military
deposite for military or naval stores, or as barracks
for the military forces of the United Slates, under
the authority of an officer or agent of the United
States, shall be allowed and paid the amount of
such damages.'*
Mr. C. said the hnguage of this section was spe-
cific and guarded.   To entitle the owner of pro-
perty to compensation for damages, the injured pro-
perty must have been employed, under the autho-
rity of an officer or agent of the United States, for
military   purposes—for purposes  connected with
the  defence   of  the  country,   or   the   prosecu-
tion   of  the   war  in   which   she   was engaged.
The   officer    or    agent    of    the   Government
must   hare   occupied   the   house   or  building
of a citizen "as a military deposite, for military or
naval stores, cr as barracks for the military forces
of the United States"—that is, as a place for the
preservation of your munitions of war, or the
means of subsisting your army or navy; or for the
protection of your troops, and the better defence of
the count y.   And shall we be told that the pro-
perly of a private individual shall be thus used for
important public purposes, and if, "in consequence"
of being so used, it is injured or destroyed by ihe
enemy, no compensation shall be made to the suf-
ferer?    Why, sir, (said Mr. C.) such doctrine
would not only be at variance with every principle
of ordinary fairness and justice, but it would be
in conflict with the spirit, if not the let:er, of the 5 h
article of the Cons itation, which, amongst other
things, contains the guarantee: "nor shall private
property be taken  for public use, without just
compensation."   And, sir,  (said Mr. C.) is there
any difference in principle, when our officers or
agents have so used private propery for public be
nefit and convenience, whether the enemy who in-
jures or destroys it belongs to an Indian tribe or a
civilzed nation?   Has it been less u?ef<il or bene-
ficial to the public, or will its loss or injury be less
seriously felt by the individual owner, in one case
than the other?   Certainly not.   The character of
the enemy neither affécs the right of the pubtfc to
the use of private property, nor the c'aim of thí
individual to compensation.   The only material
question is, whether the citizen's property has been
injured or destroyed in consequence of having been
taken for public use.   If that question must be an-
swered affirmatively, the claim to compensation
necessarily follows.
Mr. C. said the whole argument of the Senator
from New York seemed to be directed against the
first section of the bill. It certainly did not apply
to either of the others; and he could not well ima-
gine that any argument could be offered against
the other provisions. What were they? The se-
cond section directed compensation for the destruc-
tion of a house or building, " by order of an
officer of the United States, commanding in the
wars aforesaid, or (as Mr. C. proposed amending
it) by the occupancy of the same by the troops
of the United States." Mr. C. could not sup-
pose taat any o e would refuse to make sati8fac-
tion lor an injury done to private properly in
either of these ways; and having heard no argument
against the provision, deemed it unnecessary to con-
sume time by further remarks upon it, at present.
The provisions of the third secion,  Mr.   C.
thought still less obnoxious to objection or cavil.
It provides " that when any properly has been im-
pressed or taken by public authority since the pe-
riod aforesaid, for the use or subsistence of the ar-
my, during the wars aforesaid, and the same shall
have been destroyed, lost, or consumed, the owner
of such property shall be paid the value thereof,"
&c.   Now, it seemed to Mr. Clay, that it was suf-
ficient to state the proposition contained in this sec-
tion, to secure the assent of every mind.   Would
the Senator from New York, or any other gentle-
man, contest the obligation of the Government to
pay for property impressed, or taken without the
consent of the owner, and which was "destroyed,
lost, or consumed" in the public service?   Mr. C.
could not believe that any one would deny the jus-
tice of &uch a claim, or the expediency of paying
the amount.    He said that much the largest class
of claims embraced by this section, would turn out
to be for the Subsistence of our trcops, and the
horses in the public service. Going into the enemy's
country, long distances from the dense settlements
and the means of supply, and o tin with very in-
adequate means of transponation, our officeis and
soldiers were compelled to suffer the greatest priva-
tions, and were sometimes in danger of starvation.
Hence they laid hold of the means of subsistence
for   themselves,   and   forage  for   their  horses,
wherever   they   found    it,   to   whomsoever   it
belonged,   and    with   or  without   the   consent
of the osvner.    Nor   were   they   to  blame   for
so acting under such exigencies.   And, Mr. C. in-
quired, could the justice of a claim for property,
so consumed by an army, be denied?   No, he said,
the people of this country would revolt at the in-
justice of refusing payment in such a case.
But, Mr. C. said, he not only contended that the
bill, in its present shape, involved no new prin-
ciple, but he should endeavor to make it still
broader in its proviñors, by engrafting on it the
principle of the law of 1802, regu'ating trade and
intercourse with the Indian tribes. He could show,
by reference to the law alluded to, that this Go-
vernmrnt had given a pledge of indemnity for in-
juries arming out of Indian hostilities, going far
beyond the provisions of the bill as it now stool;
and he should call on the Senate to redeem the
public faith by the adoption of an amendment
which he should presently offer.
[Mr. C. here read so much of the 14¡h section of
ihe "act to regulate trade and intercourse with the
Indian tribe, and to preserve peace on the fron-
tiers," approved March 30th, 1802, as rela'es to
indemni'y for property destroyed by the Ind.ans ]
Mr. C. then went on to remark, that it had been
seen by the secion oArie act which he had just
read, ihat complete indemnity was designed by its
framers for alt injuries and destruction of property
"by any Indian or Indians belonging to any tribe
in amity with the Uni'ed States." The act in-
tended to discriminate between injuries perpetrated
by marauding parties, while their naticn was at
peace with the Government, and tlnse resu'ting
from a general war. In such cases the act of 1802
made it the duty of the ci'izea or inhabitant to
make application to the supernteident, or such
other person as the President of the United States
should authorize for that purpose, whrse duty it
then became, usder the direction of the President,
to make application to ihe Bation or tribe to which
the cflVnding Indians belonged, for satisfaction;
and if the tribe or nation neglected or refused to
make satisfaction, upon notice from the superin-
tendent, the President was bound to take such other
steps as mght be proper to obtain satis'acti< n for
the injury; "and in the mean time, [says the law,]
in respect to the property so taken, stolen, or de-
stroyed, the United Slates guaranty to the parly in-
jured an eventual indemnification."
Here, then, said Mr. C. is the faith of the Go-
vernment pledged, that "eventual indemnification"
shall be afforded to any citizen who;e property may
be "taken, stolen, or destroyed, by any Indian, or
Indian?, belonging to any tribe in amity with the
United Stales."   Nor did the enactment stop here.
In a subsequent clauss  of ihe same section, it is
provided "that it shall be lawful for the President
of ihe United States to diduct such sum or sums as
shall be paid for the property taken, stolen, or de-
stroyed, by any such Indian", out of the annual sti-
pend which the United Stales are bound to pay to
the tribe to which such Indian shall belong." Now,
said Mr. C. all I ask of Ihe Government is to re-
deem its pledged faith, by providing the means, and
granting the indemnity, contemplated by the act on
which I have remarked, for the same class of in-
juries. To accomplish this object the more certainly,
Mr. C. said he had prepared an amendment, to
[ come in as the fourih section of the bill under con-
,  sideralion, which he would then read for the infor-
i   mation of the Senate.    He ihen read the following
|  section, as ih; amendment offered by him:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall
1 be made appear, by satisfactory proof, that any house, building,
or improvement, or personal property within the limits of any
State, has I een destroyed since the eaid year 1830, by any In-
dian or Indians belonging to any tribe or nation, the Govern-
ment, or majority of which, shall have been, at the time of such
destruction, at peace wilh the United States, the owner or own-
ers of such property shall be allowed and paid the amount of
damages thereby sustained.
Mr. C. said it would be seen that his amend-
ment corresponded substantially wiih the 14th
section of the act of 1802. It was clearly within
its principle, and differet in nothing material, ex-
except that it did not require an application by the
injured citizen to the superintendent, or such other
person as the President might authorize in the fir.->t
«place. He would briefly explain the reason of
This departure from that feature of the- act of
1802. It would be found his amendment contem-
plated satisfaction for the destruction or injury of
property " within the limits of any State " It was
intended to cover injuries perpetrated by the tribes
once livin; East of the Missifsippi, but now,
carried West of Ihat river; and more especially
Ihe losses sustained by the citizens of Alabama
and Georgia, by the depredations of the Creeks and
Cherokees, tetore the removal. Mr. C. said he
did not know that there was any superintendent,
of either of those tribes, to whom theapp'icaiion,
contemplated by the act he had referred to, could
have been made. It was known that, owing to
state of things, ex's ing before the removal of the
Creeks and Cherokees, they had necessarily been
hurried off in great haste, not affording lime, then,
for such a proceeding; and now th re was no su-
perintendent on this side of the Mississippi.
Under such circumstances, Mr. C. said he had
thought it bet er to emit that feature of the
section; but he had obviated any gcod ob-
jection on that ground, by requiring that the in-
jury " be made appear by satisfactory proof."
Under such a nquiremrnt, with a competent offi-
cer to investígale and determine, it would hardly
be possible that the Government could lose unjust-
ly. In the mean time, he said, it would r pen the
way for many meritorious and much ir.jured citi-
zens, whom we were bound to protect in the en-
joyment of their rights, to ccme forward and obtain
redress.
Mr. C. thought the claims of the citizens cf
Alabama to the proposed indemnity, were peculi-
arly strong. It would be recollected ihat the Gf-
vernment of the United Stales hal purchase,! all
the lands claimed by the Creek Indians, lying wi'h-
in that S ate, grantirg to heads of families, and
chiefs, reservations, which they were authorized to
sell ia fee simple. The Indians sold their reser-
vations, and the Government surveyed and sold the
remaining lands; thus inviting a «hite population
among the Indians, who were not removed, as they
should have been, as fast as they sold ou'. Mr.
C. said it roust be admitted by all, that, by the
circumstances to which he had referred, the Go-
vernment was under increased obligations to pro-
tect those who had purchased a.d settled in the ter-
ritory purchased of the Creeks. Instead of rernovirg
the Indians, as fast they sold their reservations —
for they had no right to remain a day after such a
sale, according to his view of the treaty—they
had been permitted to remain, year after year,
contracting all the vices of most profligate white
men, until many hacj become dissolute and aban-
doned,, Perhaps tbegoadingsof want, as well as
