Mar. j84b.                                    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           SOS
__^_jii_u>i■ ii   ■..   i                                                   ' '                        .......     .i ■        -.............                       ...i                    ■*.—.       —-■■■-                                       -------                                                                                      i                                             ■■                                                                                 -      -       T,--------------                       ^-                               1|l   lril  ,      m  ---------.—^-.-----
26th ConO'—Ist Sess.                                        Treasury Nolt Bill—Mr. Webster.                                                          Senate.
two years, if necessary, and to pay therefor any
rate of interest not exceeding six percent.    This
borrowing is to be done by means of issuing Trea-
s ry notes, bearing interest; and, so of.en as they I
shall be received at the Treasury, they are to be j
reissued, so that ihe whole sum of ave millions may ¡
be kept out.   And the authority to i*sue and re-
issue is to  last one year.     The const quence of
this is, that one year from the date of the bill, if
the whole five millions be not then outstanding, the
balance may be issued, redeemable in a year from
that time.   It is a power, therefore, to make a
loan for five millions, with an authority to con-
tinue that loan, by borrowing to-day to repay the
turn borrowed y este-day,  and to   continue  this '
process, in effect, for two years.    This is the sub-
stance of the bill.
Mr. President, at the opening of the session, the
Pits dent of the United Sates informed Congress
that the financial operations of the Government for
the past year had been very succes.ful.
The Secretary, too, in the very first paragraph of
his annual report, stated, with much satisfacion,
that the revenues oi' the Government had been
Bcreased, and the expenditures diminished.
Tnat the resources of the country are abundant,
bo one can doubt. Its wealth, its activity, its com-
merce, and its freedom from burdensome taxation,
render it ab!e to raise, with enure facility, a re-
venue quite equal to all the just want* and necessi-
ties of the Government. Bat, notwithstanding
taese congratulations of the President andSecetary,
I cannot but enttrtain a doubt whether, under the
operations of pro vision now actually existing, and
under the expenditurees which hare been made,
and are making, or are in anticipation, it is pru-
dent to indulge in sanguine hopes of an over-
flowing Treasury This doubt receives counte-
Dtace from the fact, that the bill before a* is to
authorize the borro wing of five millions, in the form
cf Treasury nates, and under such circumstances
as leave no reasonable hope, as I think, of their
redemption wnbin this year. I do not oppose the
bill, but I propose to say a few words on the state
of toe Treasury, and on the history of its receipts
and disbursements, for the I art three years.
We learn from the Secretary's annual commn-
meat ion that, at the commencement of this year,
there was in this Treasury no more that a million
and a half of dollars, available for the purposes of
Government. I omit fractions, and uce round
number*, for the sake of brevity. At the same
time the Government owed, on outstanding Trea-
sury notes bearing interest, two millions and three
quarters, or two million  «ven hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
This was the State of the Treasury January 1,
1840, as near as the Secretary could estimate or
ascertain it in December. It turns out, from the
paper just read, that in fact ihere was a few
hundred thousand dollars more in the Treasury ía
January than the Secretary's estimate, br,t from
what funds or sources does not appear, and this cir-
camsiance does not effect the general view wh'ch
I propose to take.
Let ns nowgo back to January 1,1837. In 1336,
there being a great surptas in ihs Treasury, the
deposi e law was passed, by which five millions
were to be reserved in the Treasury, in aid of ac-
cruing revenues, that should be in the Treasury
January 1,1837, to meet future demands, and the
rest of the money divided, in deposites, with the
Stales, by four quarterly payments or instalments
As the Secretary was obliged to make his calcu-
lation a little before the 1st of Janoary, and could
not say, exactly, what amount might be in the
Treasury at that time, he made a safe allowance;
and it happened, in the end, I think, that six mil-
lions and more were retained in the Treasury in-
stead of five. At the commencement of 1837
then, the Government had on haid six millions'
and rl had before it the whole accruing revenue of
the year. Bat the year Was out, that is to say, in
the September session, Congress suspended the
payment oí the last or fourth instalment, or fourth
depotrte to-the States. This measure retained in the
Tieasury a furtiwr sam of nine ..millions, thus
rawtngthereserved aggtegateup=toifteenimillioas.
Btrbacqueatiy, the Treasury «paved from   the
Pennsylvania Bank of the United States five mil-
lions of dollars, as part of the proparty, or capital,
of the United States in the former bank. This
swelled the amount to twenty millions. So that
since January, 1837, the Treasury has had full
twenty millions of former receipts, as well as all
revenues arising since.
Now, it is apparent that these twenty millions
have been expended, within the three years, in
addit on to all the revenue which has accrued in
the mean time; with one deduction, which I shall
state. It is true that, in September, 1837, Con'
gress suspended or postponed the payment of cer-
tain custom-house bonds; but the time of that post-
i ponement has long since expired, and the bo .ds
have been paid. It is true, also that the deposite
banks, in 1837, held certain sums belonging to
Government, which they wished time to pay. But
before the commencement of this year, these debts
had been brought down to a million of dollars, or
thereabouts. The true account, (hen, stands thus:
Reserved under the deposite act - $6,000,000
Amount of fourth deposite held back
from the States - - - 9,000,000
Received from Bank of the United
States.....5,000 000
Borrowed on Treasury notes, out*
standing  January   1,   1840      •      2,750,000
$22,750,000
Deduct amonnt in Treasury Jan-
uary 1, 1840        -        -         -       1,550,000
#21,200,000
Deduct amount still due from depo-
site banks       ...        -       1,000,000
Balance       -       •             -    $20,200,000
Twenty millions two hundred thousand dollars,
then, appear to have been expended in the three
years, between January, 1837, and January 1840,
besides all the receipts from the custom-house, and
and ornees, and all oth?r sources.
if there be any error in this general statement, I
hope that some gentleman will point it out, and I
shall cheerfully make the necessary correction.
Mr object is to beacurate as well as distinct. But
if there be no error, if this statement be true, as I
suppose, then the result certainly is, that for the
last three years, the Government has expended
almost seven millions a year beyond its income;
and has supplied ¡be deficiency out of funds pre-
viously acquired or received. The six millions
reserved under ihe deposite law, the nine millions
afterwards withheld from the State , the five mil-
lions recived from the bank, all these wer  funds
previously acquired, and none of them any part of
the income or revenue of 1837,1838, or 1839. All
the income and revenue of those years have been
expended, and these twenty millions more.
This general state of the Treasury, and the
htstoty of revenue and expenditure for tbt last
three years, may well awaken attention. We
have no twenty millions more m crib to go to.
Oar capital is expended. There will be two mil-
lions and a half due from the Bank of the United
S ates in September, and (here is a small balance
still due from the deposite banks; both together
not exceeding three millions and a half; and, (or the
rest, we are to rely on the usual sources, the custom-
bouse and the land-offices.
Now, then, the important questions are, does the
Administration expect an augmentation of income?
Or, does it expect such a reduction of expendi-
ture as shall keep in within the income?
Or, does it contemplate loans, either in the form
of Treasury notes or otherwise to make up defi-
ciencies?
And, if the last, to what extent?
The present measure is to authorize the immediate
issue of five millions in Treasury notes, for the
purpose of being paid out to personshaving claims
on Government, or used as means of borrowing
money fortbe necessities of the Treasury.
II do not propose to oppose the passage of (he
bill, because I think it quite cleat that the money
is needed, in ordei to carry on the Governmeat.
There are, indeed, ■ objections to this form of
boriowing  money|  for it is' a burrowin| ef
money, to all intent* and purposes. The
Secretary, tndted, in a recent communication to
the Senate, does not call it borrowing. He avoids
thit word, and if he were afraid it would burn his
mouth. He call it only 'exchanging Treasury notes
for specie" This falls under that form of state 
ment now usually called humbug The Secretary
receives miney, gives for it his Treasury notes,
payable a year hence, and bearing an interest of
five or six per cent. But this, he thinks, is not
borrowing miney; it is only exchanging hxs notes
for money; a sort of exchange, I beluve, which
most borrower.* are obliged to conform to. The
authority, end the only authority, under which he
makes this marvellous "exchange," is a section of
the law of 1837, which authorizes him to "borrow
money."
I cannot say that I think the communica-
tion of the Secretary, to wh'ch I have referred, is a
very full or clear answer, to the call of the Senate.
Bnt we learn from it, after all, what I was sure
most have existed, and which it may be of some
importance to show. He admits that depones
have been made, to the credit of the Treasurer, in
certain banks; and that thereupon such banks
have received Treasury notes to a corresponding
amount. And the Treasurer, in a letter accom-
panying the Secretary's report, says that these
funds are drawn for « other funds and not spectft-
eatty. The Secretary says these deposites «re spe-
cial, tai in specie. All that is humbug again; for
ail deposites in banks are regarded as specie
deposites while banks pay specie, and the Trea-
surer, as I have remarked, says expressly that
these sums, thus deposited, are drawn for, when
needed, in common witk other funds, and not speci-
fically or separately. This idea, or this delusion,
or this pretence, for it hardly deserves a respecta-
ble name, about special spec e deposites, was suffi-
ciently dissipated by the examination last year, into
the conduct of the banks connected with the New
York custom-hou-e. When the banks pay specie,
a special specie deposite is nothing but a deposite
in specie or its equivalent; and the amount is paid
ont, on draft, in specie or its equivalent. And this
is the case with alt other deposites of money, unless
it be left in kess or bags, and not carried into the
general ace >unt of the bank. Anv one may see
how this is, and has been, who will recur to the
evidence of the cashier of the Bank of America, on
the occasion which I have referred to. As I have
already said, the Treasurer informs us that these
deposites are mixed wi h other funds belong ng to
the United States, in the same bank. That is to
say, they all stand tpg^ther, to his credit, on the
books of the bank, and he draws as he has occasion,
ju>t as is dune by any o her dealer with the bank.
This is the whole of it. Special specie depositéis
a nonentity.
Now, it is easy to see that this mode of obtaining
money frem the banks may be of very considerable
profit to them. Suppose a bank deposites a million of
dollars to the credit of the Treasury, and ieceives
therefor a milli >ns of dollars in Treasury notes,
bearing an interest of six per cent. Interest im-
mediately accrues to the bank, of course, on the
whole of this sum; but it may be many months be-
fore it is all drawn out. The Treasury may give
out its drafts slowly, and these draff, when made,
may be sent to distant parts of the county, and be
some con-iJerable time in reaching the bank*
When they arrive, the bank will generally pay in
its own notes; bnt, besides this advantage, it will
make a clear gam, because it has been receiving
interest on more money than it has parted with.
Under the law < f 1836, the deposite banks were
required to pay intertst on Government deposite .
The present system looks very much like making
Government pay the hanks interest on its own
deposites.
There' are objections, I repeat,- to the us ' *>i
Treasury notes as means of borrowing mo*«y.
la the first place, the wteretl must be higher than
on a loan contracted in the eoramon manner. T a
greater part of all the Treasury notes issued since
18&T have borne an iaterestot s  p« j   ';. V.iT
as my information' is, and I h*v*  "^^ * *•
correctness of it, «tatUnited St£«st^, bean ? 44
percent, interest, coultf b# reatfiíysoW at farabroad,
