26th Cong"*«1st. Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Treaaury Note Bill—Mr. Webster.
Mar. 1840.
Senate.
not having any great number of years to ran; or
itcouid readily be sold at home, with a view of
sending it abre ad.
In the next place. Treasury notes, bearing a
high interact, and redeemable at any time upon
two months' notice, issued under the present cir-
cumstances of the country, are very likely to absorb
a considerable portion of the money no * so much
needed for the re'ief ot trade and commerce ant the
revival of business. It strikes me that the whole
operation is likely to make money scarcer than it
is already; since the Treasury is coming into the
market as a borrower, offering a high interest.
Again. I am aware that a use may be made of
Treasury notes which is quite opposed to the spoil
of the Constituí on; that is, to issue them without
interest, cr with a, mere nominal interest, and to
attempt to force them into circulation as money.
Any such attempt ought to be strenuously resisted;
being neither more nor less than an attempt to
establish a system of Government paper money.
But Congress has sanctioned Ions; ago, and under
better auspices, the occasional issue of Treasury
notes, and I do not feel at liberty, therefore, to
withhold my assent on the present emergency
from that mode of raising the sums which the state
of the conntry requires, as no other mode is pro-
posed. Both the President and Secretary woul 1
seem excessively anxious to distinguish the issues
of Treasury no'e* from the creation of a debt; but
I think ih's distinction is without a diffetence. A
note issued, bearing intereM, and payable herea'ter,
has created a debt as much as any foim of stock
could create it. A national debt was actually
commenced at the very first session of Congress,
under the present Administration, and it never has
been paid, except as one obligation has been dis-
charged by borrowing money on another. Like
other debtors, wt have renewed our notes, and
renewed them often, somet mes paying high interest,
bat we have never extinguished the debt. The
first Treasury notes were issued in the autumn of
1837. The amount outstanding January, 183d,
was, I think, four or five millions-, in January,
1839, it was also large; and in January, 1840, as I
nave already said, the Secretary states it at two
millions and three quarters.
One object of the present bill is to enable the Trea-
sury to pay off the unpaid part of these two mil-
lions and three-quarters by borrowing again. So
that it is true that, from the first session of Con-
gress under this Administration to the present day,
the Government has been in debt for borrowed
money, and has been, every hour, paying interest
for such borrowed money. This is a public debt.
What this debt may amount to by March, 1841, I
cannot say. It depends on measures to be adopted
by Congress, and on those changes and fluctuations
in trade which cannot be foreseen. But if no new
means of revenue are supplied, and Congress should
make such appropriations as it usually has done,
and no great improvement in the state of affairs
should take place, I cannot see how it is likely to
fall short of eight or ten millions. But this is a
mere estimate. Whatever the amount may be,
however, in March, 1841, it will be a debt, created
by ihe present Administration. I do not say un-
necessarily created. I am not now speaking to that
point. But I say it will be a debt—a public debt
—a national debt—begun under this Administra-
tion—a debt existing in the least economical and
the most inconvenient form—a debt bear ng an in-
terest, and a high interest—and a debt which, if
cast on the Administration of 1841, whoever may
be at the head of that Administration, must be pro-
vided for. I say this, sir, merely to preclude, abante,
the idea that if a national debtshall be found existing
after March, 1841, it will be the debt of the Admi-
nistration of that time, and not of the present.
My real ground of complaint against the present
Administration, and 1 think it avcyjust ground,
is,that it has not come out in a mauly manner long
ago, and told Congress that there was a necessity
to make further provision for revenue.
The President, is his messsage of the 2d Decem-
ber, observed that, all the Treasury notes then out-
standing would have been redeemed before that time,
" if the Treasury could have realized the pay-
ments due to it from the banks."    What banks?
The outstanding Treasury notes amounted, at that
time, to two millions and three-quarters. The
depjbite banks owed the Government only a mil-
lion, or a million one hundred thousand dollars.
The Pre.-i lent must have included the bond of two
millions and a half of ihe Bank of the United
States. But that bond is not, by the terms of it,
due till September next. There could have been
no disappointment, th* refore, in not realizing the
payment of that bond before the date ot the mes-
sage. The President makes very just observations
upon the impolicy and danger of commencing a
publ c debt in a time of peace; of the fearful rapi-
dity with wh ch snch debts are apt to be increased;
and upon our duty to s ruggle against such debts at
the threshold. But all this di e* not prove that
money borrowed and still owed on Treasury notes
is not a na'ional deb*. All this does not prove
that we have not been borrowing miney on the
streng h of the public credit, paying high interest
for it, and having an immediate prospect of being
obliged very considerably to increase its amount.
1 know no way of keeping out of debt but by
bringing the revenue up to ihe expenditure, or
bringing the expenditure down to the revenue. If
we owe for borrrowed money, it is puerile to talk
about the form of our obligation, as if one form
was less a debt than another. It would be much
more wise to set ourselves at once about get'ing ths
means of payanen'. Good aphorisms, upon the
subject of a national debt, should be followed, I
think, by direct and responsible recommendations,
to Congress of such measures as ara necessary to
prevent the evil.
Let us now, Mr. President, look to the Secre-
tary's estimate of means and of expenditures for
the present.
And, first, of the means. He thinks the receipts
into the Treasury from custom, lands, and mis-
cellaneous sources will not exceed eighteen millions
six hundred thousand dollars, - $ 18,600,000 00
Amount   in the   Treasury,
January 1, 1840,        -       -        1,556,385 00
Expected to be paid on United
States Bank bond,
Due from deposites banks
20,156,385 00
2,526,576 00
1,149,904 00
$23,832,865 00
But the Secretary does not deem it prudent to
relyon the collection or these debts—andas to the re-
ceipts from the custom-house, the great source of
expected income, 1 presume his hopes are not
stronger now than they wt r; at the commencement
of the year.
Let us now torn to the other side of the account,
and see the estimate of expenditures.
Now, on this head he says that if Congress
should make appropriations to the extent desired by
ihe different Departments, the expenditures of ihe
year will amount to - - |20,000,000 00
Besides the payment of outsanding
Treasury notes amounting to -      2,750,000 00
22,750,000 00
This   would leave  an apparent
balance in the Treasury, at the
beg.nningof next year of      -       1,082,865 00
But this sum is less than the amount due from
the deposite banks, the payment of which, he says,
ought not to be relied on. If no part of that should
be paid, the Treasury according to this sta'ement,
will be minut at the close of this year. Probably
some part of it will be paid, but at best, and if the
Secretary's hopes should all be fulfilled, it will be,
upon his showing, a touch-and-go affair.
But as he does not rely on receiving these debts
froaa the banks, what does he propose? He speaks
always of Treasury notes as being a temporary
expedient only, and that they are to be redeemed
within the year? I do not think this, at all; but
that is his ground. How then does he propose to
provide for the deficiency, in cate these bank debts
shall not be collected?
Why, sir, he says very gravely that one mode
of avoiding difficulty will be to reduce the appro-
priations by postponing some, and lessening others.
We need no ghost to tell us that   But what appro-
priations will he reduce? Where shall the lessen-
ing take place? or where ihall the postponement
take place? On what head shall the blow fall?
Shall it be in the civil li-=t, or the army, or the
navy? He says in a early part of his mr s age,
that he thinks a reduction can be made, wnhmt
essential injury to any useful objects, "for reasons
w'-ichwill be afterwards enumerat d." I ha/e
looked throuah the whole paper carefully, and can-
not say that I have met with that enumeration of
reasons. Perhaps the chairman of the committee,
if he were here, could tell us whe-e those reasons
are to be found. He does sav, indeed, in a subse-
quent part of h s communication, lhat it may be-
come necessary to diminish the compensation of
all officers, civil, military, executive, judicial, and
legislative. But he states ne proposed rate of
reduction; and, indeed he does not recommend re-
duction at a'l. He says it may become necessary,
Does he think it has become, and is now necessary?
Does he recommend it? Is that his rsliance to eke
out his ways and meanh? And what amount of
reduction does he suppose such a process would
accomplish? It is be ter to do t'us, he says, than
to expose the Treasury to bankruptcy. Does he
mean ihat the Treasury will be exposed to bank-
ruptcy if this be not done? Does he mean to say
that the Treasury will be forthwi h bankrupt, an-
iens the pay of trie President, heads of Departments,
judges, members of Congress, and military and
civil officers, be immediately reduced? It is ac-
knowledged that our finances are in this condi-
tion? If so, why not recommend the measure at
once? Why not tell us, distinctly, what is neces-
sarj? Why leave Congress to irrope in the dark,
amidst many various, and sometimes inconsistent
propositions and suggestions? When the report
heg.ns wi>h such a flourishing paragraph about the
great prosperity of the Treasury, one is not pre-
paied to see the Secretary come to this complexion
of bankruptcy quite ¡-o soon.
But, Mr. President, there is, at least, an apparent
inconsistency between the President and the Secre-
tary. The Secretary says the appropriations may
be reduced below the estimates, so as to leave two
millions in the Treasury at the beginning of next
year. This will require a reduction of one million,
if he reckon on collecting all the balances due from
the deposite banks; or, if not, then a reduction of
a million and as mu?h more as shall equal what
may remain unpaid of these balances. He suppo-
ses, then, that these estimates of appropriations
may be safely cut down at least one or two mil-
lions.   This would be a very important saving.
But what says the President? The President
say  that he "has directed the estimates of 1840 to
be subjected to the severest scrutiny, and to be li-
mited to the absolute requirements if the public ser-
vices."
Now, sir, if his directions have been followed,
if these estimates have been su jected to the sever-
est scrutiny, and are limited to the absolute re-
quirements of the public service, where is the
reduction to be made? The Secretary, as I have
said, specifies nothing, and recommends"nothiog
directly. Where would he have us lop off? Will
he spare us one or two millions from his own
Department? Will the Secretary at War spare a
million from his? Or the Secretary of the Navy
from his? Why, I ask, should Congress, when
called on to appropria'e ihe public moneys, be left
in such clouds and such darkness?
Sir, one word as to the manner of making esti-
mates of expenditures for the aonsideration of Con-
gress. It is a plain and simple business, though,
from its nature, it cannot be very precise, and 1
cannot see any necessity for enveloping it in so
much obscurity and uncertainty.
Appropriations are of three classes.
In the first place, there are certain existing or
standing appropriations, which need not be renewed,
annually. Such is the sum of 200,000 expended
every year for arming the militia; and such are
some of the classes of pensions, and a few other
small charges.
In the second place, there is the large class, in
which the charge is created by law, but annual
appropriations ate required to enable the Treasury
to disburse the sums necessary for its payment.
