Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sor
26th Cong.....«1st Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr, Webster.
Senate.
This includes the Army and Navy, the civil list,
and a l¡st of miscellaneous objects.
Io the third place, there are, as we a'l know,
many appropriations made by Congress for spicial
object*, public or private, and these often amount
to considerable sums.   Private claims, read* and
canals, building of light-houses, Indian treaties,
many ebjects recommended by the Executive itself;
all these require every year,   a greater or less
amount of money from ihe Treasury.   The Secre-
tary says that the expenditures of this description,
which may be sanctioned by Congress annually,
are very uncertain in their amount.   This is true;
but then, as these expenditures, in every year,
amount to a considerable sum, and have done so
from the very beginning of the Government, can
any just or comprehensive view of the probable
necessities of the Treasury   be presented which
shall leave all such out?     It is quite impossible
that some such expenditures should not be made.
Now, in thee estimates and recommendations, I
find no provision whatever for any objects of this
kind.   The estimates are strictly confined to the
Aimy, the Navy, and the civil list.     I find no al-
lowance for a single dollar which we might vote
away here upon a private claim.   Yet the Secre-
tary tells us that, if we will keep within the estimóles,
the means will hold out.     But he must know, I
should have thought, that we cannot keep within
the estimates.   It is more  than probable, judging
from the past, that he himself, before the session is
out, will call for appropriations not within the
estimates.   And does he mean, in that case, to
throw the blame of any deficiency which may arise
on Congress, by saving that Congress did not keep
within the e$tima<es?
If we may believe the President and if the Secre-
taries have fulfilled his directions, there is nothing
in any t f these estimates which is not required by
the absolute wants of the Govenment. But we
know, sir, that there are things, not in the estimates,
in regard to which the wants will be absolute; for
instance, the private claims, upon which we are
passing here every day, and for many of which we
must provide, if we mean to do justice. Besides,
do we not s.e, and know, that in all human pro-
bability various other occasions of appropriation
will arise? Will there be no contingencies for the
war in Florida? No expense for Indian treaties?
Is it not possible that events may arise on J he
Northeastern frontier involving heavy charges?
And again, sir, does the Administration abandon
h  Cumberland road? Here is no estimate for a
dollar on that head of expenditure. Yet I trust an
appropriation for that object will be made. I shall
certainly vote for it myself. And harbors on the
lakes—are provisions for those places of refuge
and safety to lake mariners to be again postponed?
They are not in the estimates. If no improve-
ment of any other harbor, no new light-
house, and nothing else, wnich the protection
of Atlantic or inland commerce may require,
to be undertaken or provided for? Or, since
these things are not within the estimates, if
Congress should provide for them, i< Congress
to be reproached for its conduct, and made answer-
able for deficiences?
I repeat, sir, mat the Executive Departments
must well know iha , for some of these objects,
appropriations wdl of necessity be made; and I
repeat, therefore, that it seems to me to have been
their duty to have presented such a plan for re-
ceipt and expenditure, as should have embraced
them, and provided for ihem. The amount, I
agree, could not be well foreseen. But it must
have been foreseen—it could not but have been
foreseen —tbat s >mething would be necessary; and
yet the estimates make allowance fot nothing.
There is, sir, in all these Executive communica-
tions, a constant repetition of sound general max-
i^js about the importance of economy. 1 hope the
virtue will be practised as well as preached. But
in ray opinion there is no just economy in refusing
appropriations to important, necessary, and use ul
public objects. Let economy begin by cutting off
useless objects, and diminishing the expense of
accomplishing such as are useful. Let us push its
reform to the reduction of the cost of collecting the
revenue.   Let is  take care of expenditures,-by
trusting the public moneys to honest hands. Let
it reduce offices, wherever they can be reduced.
In all these, and other like things, let it exert its
salutary influence. But is the Cumberland road
to stop from an impulse of economy? Are the
lakes to be without harbors, from considerations
of economy? Are important contingencies in pub-
lic affairs not to be reasonably provided for, from
reasons of economy? What sort of economy
would that be?
Sir, I take that great public virtue, true economy,
to consist, not in an undistinguishable neglect or
refusal to appropriate money, but in a careful
selection of important and necessary objects of
expenditure, in the frugal application of means to
accomplish these objects, and in enforcing an exact
and punctual discharge of duty by every officer
charged either with the collection of mon y, or
with any expenditure, great or small. This is my
idea of wise and practical economy, such as it
becomes us to exercise, and such as the country
will approve. But it is of little value, or no value
at all, that Executive communications should re-
hearse to us general economical maxims, un'ess
they show us what objects of expenditure may be
disregarded, or in what other way savings may
be made And it would be especially edifying
if these general admonitions should be accompa-
nied and enforced by some striking and brilliant
examples set by the Heads of Deparments them-
selves. I presume that no injustice towards Con-
gress is intended, but I must say that in many
of these communications there are things which
ssem calculated to assert great merit for economy
in the Exesutive Departments, and which are but
too well calculated to throw upon us an apparent
want of that virtue. If it be required of Con-
grss to keep its approbations within the estimates
of ihe Departments, these Departments ought, in
fieir estimates, to comprehend all objects which
they know or have reason to believe Congress
must provide for.
Mr. President, I do not know the opinions of
other gentlemen, and speak only for myself, but
my opinion is, that our existing provisions for
revenue are not adequate. I am awar* that one
branch of expenditure, that of pensions, is rapidly
decreasing; but others are quite likely to increase,
and we all know what a fall in duties is to take
place, in no great length of time. Looking to the
many useful and important objects, which I think
ought to engage the attention of Congress, it seems
to me to be time that further provisions for income
should be made. And we have the means at hand.
There are articles of import on which we might,
immediately, in my opinion, lay a considerable
duty. The first of these is silks. The importation
ofihisarticb is enormous. In 1839 it exceeded
twenty-one millions of dollars. Think of that.
An annual consumption of an untaxed imported
article, of mere luxury, of twenty-one millions of
dollar.-! Those silks clothe no poor man, nor his
wife, nor his children. The whole use and con-
sumption is by the affluent. Is there a fairer
subject of import duty in the world? Our table is
loaded with petitions on this subject, by tho=e who
are attempting the making of silk among ourselves.
This, iuelf, is a good reason for taxing the imported
article. Bu , as a subject of revenue, nothing can
be fairer or more proper. Good would come
every way from a duty on silk. Suppose the im-
portation should be a little lessened by it; that
wauld favor the efforts of cur people, and obtain
revenue also. Suppose the importation should
hardly be diminished at all, as perhapsit might not
be; then we should receive the snore revenue, and
should collect it on an article of the merest luxury.
Sir, if such a measure could originate in this
House, I would move, this hour, to bring in a bill
laying a duty on imported silks.
The next article is wine. Wir es were imported
last year to an amount exceeding three millions of
dollars. Why should not wines pay a duty? I
know, that in regard to French wines, we are
limited, by the treaty with France, until 1842. But
siill, within those limits, we might lay & considera-
ble duty en the wines of France. But I should
have no desire to lay duties on the red wines, or
the cheaper wines, of France.   Such wines ate
consumed, extensively, in the South and West,
are suited to the habits of the people, and supposed
to be suited al<o to the climate. Until more neces-
sary than at present to tax them, they wigm ua
received untaxed. But other, and costly wines,
such as are regarded as luxuries only, might well
be subjected to a reasonable duty.
I would lay no duty on tea or coffee, because
they are very generally used, have become in some
degree necessaries of life, and contribute largely
to promote comfort, temperance, and happiness
among all classes. I may add that the general
use of these articles is one of the most striking
things wh ch distinguish the laboring elasses of
of this country from the s-ame classes in other
countries.
Such, sir, would be my resort, if I could have
my own way, for revenues, such as are necessary
for the support of Government.
As lo toe public lands, I have been, and still
am, in favor of dividing their proceeds among the
States, upon fair and equiable principles. Perhaps
this should not be done till the census, which is to
be taken this year, be finished; as that will then be
the surest means of making a just and proper di-
vision; but, at a proper time, I am for the measure.
In addition to other reasons which have been .<o
often ursed, it may be said, with force, that the
lncomj from this source is too unsteady and fluc-
tuating to be relied on as an essential branch of
public revenue. But a few years ago, it amounted
to twenty-four millions. For this year, it is'esti-
mated but at three and a half. I should, therefore,
assign this income to the Staier, whatever it might
be, and rely for our revenue on those others
sources which I have mentioned. In addition to
silks and wines, there are some articles, called the
protected articles, such as woollen fabrics, on which
in my opinions, the duties ought to be raised. I
would not hasten, indeed, the discussion of the
general tariff question, but that question is now
before us, not far off, and must soon be upon us.  -
Mr. President, our imports, the last year, reached
the unprecedented amount of one hundred and fifty-
seven millions of dollars, exceeding by nearly fifty
millions the import of the year before. Yet even
this seems not to satisfy us all. Public men appear
to have ruling passions or strong tendencies of
preference towards particular objects. It seems to
me that our Government, and many of our people,
have imbibed an extravagant and morbid love of
importation. They seem to judge of the prosperity
of the country, and the happiness of its people,
exclusively by the quantities of foreign merchan-
dise which they annually consume. With all re-
spect, the President himself, I think, has feelings
with this tendency. I find this paragraph in his
last annual Message:
"Our people will notions he insensible to the'extent of the
burdens entailed upon them by the false system that has been
operating on their sanguir.e, energetic, and industrious character;
nor to the means necessary to extricate themselves from these
embarrassments The weight which presses upon a large por-
tion of the people and the Stales is an enormous debt, foreign and
domestic. The foreign debt ol our States, corporations, and men
of business, can scarcely be less than two hundred millions of
dollars, requiring more than ten millions of dollars a year to pay
the interest This sum has to be paid oír of the4exports oulis
country, and must of necessity cut otf imports to that extent, or
plunge the country more deeply in debt from year to year. It
is easy to see that the increase of this foreign debt must augment
the annual demand on the exports to pay the interest, and to the
same extent diminish the imports; and in proportion to the
enlargement of the foreign debt, and the consequent increase ot
interests, must be the decrease of the import trade. In lieu of
the comforts which it now brings us, we might have our gigantic
banking institutions, and splendid, but in many instances profit-
less, railroads and canals, absorbing to a great extent, in interest
upon the capital boirowed to construct them, the surplus fruits
of national industry for years to come, and securing toposterity
no adequate return for the comforts which the labors of their
lands might otherwise have secured."
Now, sir, I would ask most respecfully whether
any one can mention any railroad or canal more
profitless to the country than this enormous importa-
tion of foreign luxuries? Or, I would ask, what
those imported comforts are, of which ■** get °°
much le3s than we ought to desire? Does our com-
fort require a greater importation of silks or wines?
Or should we be better off by adding to the six or
eight millions or imported woollen fabrics ™***
to depress and distress our own manufactutei7 Or
is the aggregate of one hundred and fifty-seven
million of dollars, of imported merchandise, not
enough, on the whole; to satisfy oor eager «ppetite
