!§L
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tftyart?0Na«'«'l8f Ssas.
Treaty with the Neo York Indians—Mr. Novell.
Mar. 1840.
Senate.
for foreign productions? Inasmuch as we lay and
collect do duties on silks and wines, we are likely
to fall short of sufficient revenue; inasmuch is «e
are likely to fall short oí revenue, v.e refuse all
appropriations te the Cumberland ru.\d, and to
harbors on the lakes. It would seem to follow,
from this, that we deem Bi'ks and w nes more a
necesMiy of lite than a good road through a new
country, or ports and havens, in which ships, em-
ployed in useful commerce, can take shel er for the
preservation of lives and property.
Mr. President, it is remaikable, that this spirit
for importation should become so strong, just when
oar own occupations and employments are most
depressed. The cotton manufactures, practically,
are in a worse state than they have been for twenty
years- It is supposed that at least one-half the
woollen machinery in the United States has ceased
to work, and many of the establishments might be
purchased at one-ihird their cost. Tbe iron trade
and the coal trade suffer with the rest. If the condi-
tion of Eastern and Northern manufactu res be as I
have stated, I doubt whether one would receive
much more favorable accounts, if he were to in-
quire into the condition of trade and business, at
Pittsburgh, at Wheeling, or at Cincinnati.
Under the circumsances of the couatry, sir. I
confess I do not comprehend how any man should
dssire to see a greater importation of foreign com-
modities.
The Secretary of the Treasury express?  senti-
ments, if not entirely like those which I have been
considering, yet such as seem to belong to the same
general system of policy.    He says, in his annual
report:
"Should die * tes not speedily suspend more of their under-
taking , which are unproductive, bat, by new loan sor oiherwiss,
dad nmM to «mplov armies of laboren in consuming rather
than raising crops, and should prices thus continue in many
eaeestobe uuna'i^ally inflated,us they ha e been of late years,
in the face of a contracting currency, the effect of it on our
finances will be still more to lessen exports, and, consequently,
the prosperity and revenue of our foreign trade."
Foreign ira^.e is here presented as the protnhent
object of national pursur, and a reduction of prices
at home clearly intimated as a measu'e of reform.
These armies of laboiers now empk>}ed on public
works, it is here distinctly recommended, instead of
thus consuming crops, should go to raising ihem.
Tms, I think, is rather co'd comfort, at the present
prices of agricultural products
Gentlemen around me know the prices at which
wheat and fl' ur are selling in the Northwestern
S ates, and in Pennsylvania and New York. Caro-
lina corn, I notice, is selling in Boston for fifty cents
a bnshtl. I doubt whether any of ihe producers
think these prices unnaturally inflate 1, or whether
they will warmly sympathize with ihe Secretary in
the opinion ihat there ougSt to be further reduction.
Mr. President, my ownopinim of our condition
and of onr true policy is quite different from ail this.
I hope the States will be able to go on, and that they
will go on, with their public works, unless in cases
where ihe objects are plainly beyond the ability
of the S'ate. I hope they will keep good heart,
use the strictest econemy, persevere, and not lose
the benefit of all ihey have done air eady.
I am for bringing about no reduction in the price
of labor. On the other hand, I regard of high rates of
labor as the surest of all proofs of general prosperity.
I have no desire to see a greater or a more «un-
strained impon a ion of f>ie gn goods.
On tbe contrary, I am for laying a tax on imported
luxuries, thns securing an adequate revenue to
Government.
And with this revenue I am for defraying the
ordinary «xpsns*s of Government, making reasona-
ble provisions for unexpec.ed contingencies, and for
accompl-shing important and useful works, for
which we have been so much solicited, ?nd which,
¡n my opinion, the several parts of the country have
a right to tall on ns not longer to neglect
KEMABfcS OF MR. NORVELL,
OF MICHIGAN.                    1
J% kttvlt, Monday, March 24, 1840—In F,x|
fcation, on tbe treaty with the New Y
djan«v
Mr. NOEVELL briefly addressed the
My honorable friend, sail he, from Arkans
Sivwa] is a candid manj but, with all his
neis, he is a gieat tactician in legislation. The
conciu*ion of his t-p e;h upon this -ubjeet dem in-
states the i-kill a d addiess which he can bring
into a debate m whi h his feelings and hi*; ju la-
ment are enlisted. That Senator has very adroitly
maintained that the sanctn n of this treaty involves
the assumption of a Siate debt; arid he has in
voked the Senators ah > are oppos d to the princi-
ple of a>*umption to resist every (ffort to carry 'he
treaty into effect. I ihought that I perceived the
captivating impress on which this argument male
upon the mind of my distinguished fn-nd fiom
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun ] This led me into
an examination of its sounlne>s. Sii, the argu-
ment has no foundation to sustain it. 'Ihe treaty
contains r.ot Ihe remotest bearing to justify the al-
legation that it assumes or pays a Siate debt. The
simple provision ot ins trea y is, that, for the sum
of tour hundred thousan 1 dollar*, to be paid very
gradually by the United Sta'es, ih  Seneca and
other tribes of Ind ans resident in N> w York ajree
to li ave iheir abodes in that S ate, ai<d to remove
wet-t of the Mi>sis^ippi, near the location of the
Indians who have been removed to 'he same quar-
ter from other parts of the Union. They ^urren^er
to ihe Un ted Staks, in consideration of ihat sum,
and of the grant to them of lands for their new
homes, ab >ut four hundred and thirty-five thousand
acres of rich and valuable land near the Fox river,
a little above Green Bay, in the Territory of
Wiskonsm. This property will more than reim-
bu'ss the sum ti be paid to the New York Indians
under the treaiy now before the Senate; and the
sale> of those lands will probably be effected before
the money will be drawn from the Treasury in ac-
cordance with the provisions of the trea'y It is
idle to say that the New York Indians have no
claim to that land. Legally and technically, per-
haps, they have not: but you will never tak* it
from them. You will never, bad y as you have
always mahvamed your faith with the aborigines,
so far forget all ihe princtp'es of equity, all the
feel'ngs of humanity, as to divest the New York
tribes of ihetr Green Bay possessions, withoat
granting to ihem, e ther in money or other lands, a
fair equivalent.
But, sir, has the State of New York come here
to ask you te assume any debt for her? Has she
contracted any debt with these Ind ans? Is not
this treaty your own act? Did she so icit you to
make it? Sir, you have yourselves voluntarily
treated with thece Indians. You have pledged your
faith te them. It is tro Ia'e for my fri. nd from
Arkansas to object to this treaty, on the ground that
it is a State affair. He himself, as a member of the
Indian Commi tee, helped teb'ing in and supported,
at the last session, the amended treaty now before
you rgiin. He has sane ioned, by hts own act, the
proceedings of this Government on this subject. He
has drawn the Senate mo this matter. He has
foreclos d himself from the objection that this is a
State interest. But, sir, suppose it to be so: has
New York no right to expect your favorable regard?
Did she not cede to you all her territorial claims in
the Northwest at a trying crisis? Did you not, im-
pliedly at least, guaranty to h r, in accepting th'S
cession, the clear and undispu'ed jurisdiction and
soveteignty over all the territory which she re-
served to herself within the limits of ihe State as
she defined them? And what else, sir, has she done?
By the construction of her great canal, conn cting
the Western waters with the waters of the Atlantic,
she has opened a boundless market to your com-
merce. She has opened a market equally boundless
for the fale of your public domain, West and
Northwest of her limits. Bes;des, sir, the whole
policy of the country tas been to subject Ihe In-
dians, the extinction of their titles to lands wiihn
tbe States and Territories of the Union, their remo-
val, and their protection, to the direction and con-
trol of the Federal Government.
But the honorable Senator has discovered that
th« signatures to this treaty have been obtained by
bribery and corruption. Sir, has not your whole
system of Indian relations been marked by the
sart.e-species of fraud, bribery and corruption, if
Íou choose to call them so?   Have you not always
ad to make presents of money and goods to their
¿hiefs, at every treaty, in every treaty, which you
have ever made with them? Sir, yuu sent your
negotiators to make the original treaty with these
Sénecas. They agreed to its term? It was
brought here for ratification. You look the liberty
to change its whole character. Yuu gave them
wi hout iheir previous conseLt, tms amended trea-
ty. You look from several of the chL'fk the sums
of money which, by the original treaty, you stipu
lated to pay to thern. In consequence of this act,
this breach of faith on your part, some of these
chiefs have refused to affix their signatures to your
amended treaty. They had s'gned ihe first treaty.
You did not fairly and honestly ratify tnat treaty.
And now, sir, having forced an anended treaty
upon them, you complain that a majority of signa-
tures have been untanly obtained to it. You cow-
plain that bribery has purchased many of the e s g-
natures.
What is ir, but the most splendid bribes, that
inductd the Cherokees and other southern tribes to
remove west of the Miss.ssippi? ¡sir, you had to
pay Jihn Ross one mil'ion tfdo'lats to induce him
to rermwe his part of the nation. To be sur;, the
money was given to him on the pretext of defray-
ing his exp nses in their lemoval Bit it was a
bribe on the largest scale. Millions have been paid
lo get nd of ihs Indians in the S mthern Slates.
And yet you talk ot Iraud, of bribery, and corrup-
tion, to a paltry amount, to induce toe New York
Indians to go where their nation may bs preserved
for ages.
In the acquisition of territory, money or violence
must always be used. What, but money, acquired
Louis ana tor u-? A bu 1 ant br be, paid to Na-
poleon, pave us tnat immense and valuab'e coun-
try. But for that, s r, we should never have had
the pleasure of sitting m ttvs hall with the Senitors
from Louisiana and Missouri. The same, sir, has
occurred with regard to Floiid*. We paid to
Spun a great bnb; for that territory. We not only
tr bed rer wita money, but we surrendered, in the
bargain, the province of Texas, apart of Louisi-
ana, and a much more invaluable country than
Florida. But this, according to the new fansled
doctrine, was a'l fraud, bribery, and corruption!
This virtuous indianation at bribery com^s too
late. You have swallowed the camel; do not
strain at the gnat.
The sinister efforts pers?veringly made by inte-
rested individuals, to prevent the Seneca chiefs
from affixing their signatures to the amended
treaty, and to induce those who have .«igned, to re-
tract; the bribery which has been practised for that
purpose; missionary and other foreign influences,
so impertinently exerted to defeat th s treaty, abound
in the documents confidentially printed for our use.
As much may be said aga nst ihe conduct of the
piriies on the one >ide as the other. We have
only, therefor*, to look at the whole subject as the
treaty itself presents it to us, without re;ard to the
crimination and recrimina ion which have created
all the difficulties in the case. We have only to
inquire whether th'S amende 1 treaty, having alrea-
dy been ratified by the Senate, has received the
concurrence of a majority of the Seneca chiefs, and
should by the President be carried into effect? He
has submitted the matter to us for our judgment
and advice.
It has been contended, that a majority of the Se-
neca chiefs must have signed the treaty in council
before it can be considered as ratified on their part.
Sir, this argument is not sustained by the resolution
of ratification adopted by the Senae. The other
New York tribes are admitted to have duly ratified
the treaty. What says that resolution? It declares
that the treaty shall have no force or effect, until
the same, wi h the proposed amendments, is sub-
mitted, and /ally and fairly explained, to each of the
tribu or bands, separately assembled in council, "ahd
they have piven their free and voluntary araent
thereto." Where, sir, must they have given thetr
free and voluntary assent to the treaty? Surely,
not necessarily in council, but any and every
where, at whatsoever place they might choose to
select for the purpose of affixing their signa'ures to
the instrument. The amended treaty muit hav 
been submitted,fully and fairly exp'amed to the In-
d ans in council; but their assent to it conld be
given any where.   This construction of the resota-
