Feb. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to*
S6tH CoMG....l8T SESS.
_A/a,'e Debts—Mr. Allen.
Senate.
tion is fortified, as regards the Sénecas and other
tribes, by the first resolution adopted by the Senate
at the same time, which requires that the chiefs and
headmen of (he St. Regis Indians should in general
cnmeil accept and adopt the Irea'y as modified. Here
it was necessary that the St. Regis tribe should ac-
cept and adopt the amended treary in general coun-
cil. The other tribes were simply to have the
attended treaty submitted, fully and fairly explain-
ed to them in council, and then afterwards, or at
tbe time, as ihey might elect, give their assent to
it. It is admitted that a majority, that forty-four
oat of about eighty of ihe chiefs, did actually sign
the amended treaty. The testimony of Captain
Pollard, a distinguished Seneca chief, confirms this
fact, the only one necessary to give effect and vali-
dity to the amended treaty. Of this chief the Uni-
ted States Commissioner, appointed to negotiate
the treaty, states that, "for bravery in war, wisdom
in council, and honesty and integrity in all the
transacions of life, Captain Pollard has no supe-
rior among the New York Indians, and probably
not many of ihe tribes on the continent." This
Seneca chief, so brave, so wise, with such honesty
«ndin'eg ity of character, says, "We have resolved
logo West, and settle where our homes will be our
own, and whe e we shall be beyond the
example an I advice of bad men, who advise tis
fur their own in erest. They love their own inte-
rest better than hey love us, and they have tried
to prevent oar agreeing to the amendments to our
treaty. A majority of the Seneca chitfs havt now
sifned the assent. That it sufficient." Strong, a
yoong Seneca ciüef, well educated, and highly re-
spected by his tribe, states in sabi-tanee, that tbe
amended treaty was assen'ed to by only one chief
less than the number hy which the original treaty
was mad-; tnal six of the eigit principal sichems
have MgneJ the treaiy, aiM that tearly all the
chiefs would have cheerfully given their assent-,
bad it not been for the conduct of certain white
m?n, an 1 ihe danger they apprehended from the
party of a fesv chiefs, adverse to a change. Gen.
Dcaiborn, the Massachusetts Connni;sioi¡er, states
substantially the s<me facts.
Sir, by our re.-olutioa of the lest Fession, the
Htificatij  of thi, ameuded treaty was to be pro-
claimed, whenever the Pr* sUient should be satis-
fied that the assent of a majority of tbe chiefs had
bsia given to it. I know, tor myself, that I voted
lor ilm rts jlution under the impression that it was
not necessary that such assent should be given in
council, but in anr way which should satisfy the
Pífíid^nt that it had been given by a majority. I
am prepired, therefurc, to vo e that ihs requisite
assent ha* been givea by a majority of the chiefs,
and that the President ought to proclaim the ratifi-
cation of the treaty. It is et.s-rnial to the per-
petuation and piosperi'y of the^e Iadian tribes,
and to the welfare of Western New York, that ihis
Teaty should be carried ¡nto effect, end that they
sioaldremove west of trie MisM--sippi. There can be
tw less objec ion to all this, because such of the
Indians as do not det-ire a rtmoval can remain
where they are for life. And I consider it a futile
diffi ulty to say that the treaty ooght not to be pro-
clamed, because a majori y ol chiefs have not
aoented to it, when at least two or three much
mire important treatfrs have, under similar c.r-
after all, we compel ihe Indans to do^open all
oe,oa-ions, exactly  s we choose to «*- dictate to
them
|mr. Allen,
ary 11^1840—On tb,
uttee in relation to the
il Government of the debts
SPEECH OF
OF
In Saute, Tuesday, Febr
port ofths Select Co
sumption by iheFedei
of the Síate-¡.                    ,
Shall the Federal Gotwrnrnent dtpirt from the
sphere of it? limited potyfs—shall it intrude into
tne local jurisdiction of the States—rs-ume the du-
ties of State legislation—fax ihe people for obj?cts
of Stat* concern-shatl Ujbus eventua ly abolish
the State Ooveinirie.ts, a«4itself sett'e down into
we consolida el empire? fhis, Mr. P.endent, no
i«s tjian ibis, u the qaesfon presented, nega ivtly,
D  ,0  pending «soltmnn , aad. aj|r« tiv*ly by
the substitute i r>posed. It is tne san.e fundamen-
tal quts ion wh cb, at the beginning of the Govern-
ment, divided this nation into two great parties, im-
pressed upon them an endu-ing cist, fixed their
principles, and has ever poin'ed the our^e of all
their measures. Thus far has the great itroggle
invo'vingthe ultimate firm of our institutions, al-
ready progrtsfed; and al hough our h story has
been brief, we are now approaching thet juncture
in our affairs, when strife must speedily terminate
in decision. For, sir, by the powerful impulse
with which the whole system of civilization is now
driven onward, changes more thorough are wrought
in governments within a single life time, than c< n-
tunes could effect, before this era of furious activi-
ty. And heaee it is that our Constitution, though
on the fourth of the enduing month it will have
subsisted but fifty-one years, ha* even now deve-
loped all its latent principles, whether of harmony
or of discord, of consolidation or of disunion;
whilst, in the mean time, the population has
swelled to a magnitude, and s're'ehed over a cir-
cuit sufficiently large, to comprehend a'l the diver-
sity of interests likely heieafter to jiTovoke dissen-
sions. As to theie things, therefore, the futu ehas
no secrets to disclose. The present generation have
now before them all the data ess;ntal to ihe dis-
cussion of the question, shall ihe Union of these
Siates con'inne as it is, or shall the S are* sink in'o
a common empire, exposing the p;ople to the ha-
zard of despotism?
Sir, there i.s no truth, calculated to shed over a
generous heart a deeper melancholy than the fact,
that, of all objects yet undertaken by the faculii' s
of man, the so!*! e-tabüshmentof free uist tuiion^
has been found the most d.lficult. The human
mind, in its pndeand in its glory,r.'n§es through ihe
whole frMtne of n ture, i'iscerns with ceitain'y the
law  which hoi I the members of the planetaiy
world to their appropna'e limits, protecting each
against the enwoichmrnls of the other; and yet, in
its utmost effort , it has be^n unable to discover
like rules of human conduct, to effect the same re-
sults between min and man. Most of revolutions
have been but change in the forms of oppression.
For there is, in its prineip'e, an elas ictty adapting
it to every new condition of thing*, in spite of all
the precau'ions suggested by experience. If dri-
ven from the external foims of government by the
positive enactments of the fundamental law, it soon
reappeats in the interior of the social community,
and employs that law, the very safeguard provided
against it, to protect itself in wrong and outrage
upon the people. Nor, sir, do I speak thus wiih-
out mot.ve; for, in atl I have ihis day to urge, it
shall be my object to illustrate this troth I have
stated, not by abstraction* barr n of results, hut by
the actual progress of events and the present state
of affairs in our country.
And now, to begin at the primeval source of
ihese events, where is it to be found? Not in our
own history, but in that of our English ancest >rs;
for we are still linked to that country by a chain of
social dependencies, a'ihough that of our colonial
bondage has long been broken.
In tne fiist pl^ce, then, the Briti.-h revolution of
«ixteen hundred and eighty-ei¿ht, which resulted
in the expulsion of James ihe Second, and the co-
ronation of he Princ  of Orang", as William the
campanees, been carried into effect, and/when^, ^hird, was finally consummated by a solemn com
pact between the new monarch and the people.
He held 4he throne neither by inh ritanre ndr a 
victor. By this adjustmmtof the Constitution, the
jurt divino right of kings was, as a principle, ex 
pressly deiied—ihe u tima'e authority of the na-
t.on fu'ly reognisfd—he regal irerog*t>ve of
840—Olí the rer~l|~4evyin  nu-ney, hitherto as umed, torn I rom the
the croWn—that power acknowledged to abide
alone in Parliament, and the protection of the cni-
zen made the condition of his obedience. Such
were the guarartees whtcS Englishmen thought
they had obt lined, after so many years and sc nes
of civil War. And why should thc-y not so
think? Could ihey have supposed \h\\ a
monarch, jus-t caled to a throeie mad*"va-
cant by the usurpations of his pred éü-sors,
would *im elf b*-gin witfathe refemi n'o:' cr.me*
so fatal "to thenf? No. The eyes"" if the nation
were therefor* «raed to Pail anient, as the. only
source of law; and to law, as the sole authority to
prescribe tne amount and apportionment of the
public burdrns They thought of taxes in no
ott.er form; they apprehended oppression from no
eth«: quar er. Eut the Prince of Orange was not
an Englishman, by nativity or affections. His
views and fetlings were upon the continent. With 
out sympathies with the isle of his adoption__as a
man, brave and sagacious in battle and in the ca-
binet—ever, and every where, inflexible of pur-
pose—cold, abstra"ted, collected within bun self—
ambition domineered in his heart, to the exclusion
of all other passions. He came to the throne by
invitation, and seems to have thought that less a
favor to him than his acceptance a favor to the na-
tion. Regardless, therefore, as it s.on appeared, of
a compart that trammelled his will, it became the
first of his objec's to resain the lost prerogatives of
tbe crown, and, first of all, that which brought all
o'hers with it—ihe power to levy exacions, at plea-
sure, upon the reop'e. His scheme* required mo-
ney—more than he dared to demand, or Parliament
to supply; for Parliament wa* bound to respect tbe
forms of the Cons'ilution, and he the forms of
Patlmmetit Yet even these difficulties in his way,
so far from restrain'ng the desires of tbe Princa,
served bui to disclose the fearful secret, that the
wants of a nbit on will ever su?ge-t th« means of
their own gratification. There stood the compact,
guarded by all the terrors of a recent revolution; and
now, sir, it is to be seen by what process he ob-
tained his ob,ect, and the consequences of his suc-
cess, not to that country alone, bat likewise to
thh
But, first of all, it becomes important to observe,
that of all the modes of levying contributions up-
on the peop e, borrowing is the mostdarg*rousand
oppns.ive. In th s form, the community are
taxed in anticipation—nit by law, but by contract.
The weight of interest is thus adi'ed to the burden
of the principal, whilst every check upon Govern-
ment, in its appl ca'ion, is withdrawn, inasmuch
as the present benefit resulting from the imme-
diate use of money obscuris the remote oppres-
sion it-; payment may occasion. Thus it is,
that public debt is augmented without control.
Thus it is, therefore, that each generation strug-
gles, not to dimmish, but to roll on, the increasing
burden upon its succes-or; and thus v is too, that
despotism, in silence and security, fastens its grasp
upon the people, became each addit anal loan ob-
tained upon ihe public credit, strengthens the hand
which receives, and enfeebles that which contti-
butes.
It was, then, to this form of the taxing power—
the power to borrow, at pleasure, to an indefinite
amoui.t, upon the pledged propeity and labor of his
subjects, that the King resoited, to reir stale the
crown in its former plenitude of prerogative. But
to this end, it was necessary first to create a fund
to be borrowed. How was mis to be done! It
could be effected in no other way, than by making
it the interest of one class ef his subjects to unite
twith the throne in the plunder of the others For ,
chis purpose, the money capitalists were the only
ala^s to whom the sovereign could appeal. Boiin-
vsmuch as that cla«s bad already Suffered by ad 
stances mat'e to Government, in the recent convul-
sions of the State, some equivalent beyond ordinary
indemnity, could alone induce them to renew thoie
advances. That equivalent was ready. It was
mining le?s than an absolute power conferred upon
them, as a company, over the whole currency of .
the country; a power to subMftu'e, for a metallic
medium, valuable i.i itself and therefore capable of
bei'.g the standard of all ether values, a paper cir-
culation of ihe company's promissory notes, in
themselves valueless, an J lor that very reason i oca.
pable of measurng ihe value of anything «te-
This power was conferred,and ihis cbacga in the
currmsy etTut'd, in sixee? ^nndre4«N B*oet1f"
four, the >iith year of that «wnaiei^ «*ig*t °J "lft
charter of the Bank of England^      ■    -
And thus, for the first ámjS ««the'wortó's history,
were tbe doe bills oí an jWcorptjrated company
forced, by Government, as gnjjíey, upon a nation.
For the fi.st tittw, were;to&pi*n*"7 and labor of
an entire peop:elteMp1 W^^nn'^«,h'abso'0,e.<•<,0-
trol of a company-, and thus, for the first uoe, wí <'
