i)jM> 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GtÓÉÉ.
ais
£6th Cong.......1st Sess.
State Debts—Mr. Men.
Senate.
Pior yet is this all.   Has it notparalyzed the ma-
' nofacturing energies and resources of the country;
countervailed the incidental protection ot you- tariff
__rendered your factories incapab'e, even with the
*¡d of law, not only of competing with British la-
bor in the market of the world, but incapable, also,
of competition on our own soil]   Have not such
been us effect* upon the manufacturing interests,
as demonstrated most clearly but a day or two
since in the powerful reasoning of the ever-power
ful Senator from South Caiolini, [Mr. Calhoun?]
And whence, sir, but from this source, have origi-
nated oar State d*bts of two hundred  millions of
dollar ?   Have not these, to the very last farthing,
been incurred by advances made by  Englishmen,
not in money, but in the fabrics of British facto-
ries, to the almost total extinction of our own?
But by what process has ths b*en f.ccomplished?
la the fitst place, the banks of the two countries
being, as they are, but parts of the same system,
the whole is made by   the vital sympathy of ihe
.   parts, to rest upon and receive its impulse from
t   the     central     power.      That     power    ab'des
i   where the capital is  aggre2ated, by  which the
system   is  stimulated    into    life   and   action.
In London, th n, the controlling power is found;
and how ts it connected? With «he British Govern-
ment—British manufacture?—British commerce—
British labor—British interests and policy—British
ambition—with   every   thing   British,   and   with
nothing else.     Every Br.tish instinct, therefore,
necessarily prompts that people to enlarge the pa-
per system among us, lecause, whilst that country
holds the controlling power of the system, her in-
fluence over this, both  political and commercial,
must be proportionate to its enlargement.   For this
reason ii is, that British policy and British   capital
have ever acted in concert with the Federal party,
in multiplying banks, inflating the currency, and
live'ing the system upon us.   For this reason it is,
also, that British goods are so readily sent to this
country in the form of loans, to be converted into
bank capital—into State and company debts.   And
thus are we not only rendered tribatary to them to
the amount of the  interest, but likewise, in the
form of a profit-paying purchaser  of manufac-
tures, even beyond our wants, and wfcich we are
prohibited   from making for  ourselves,  by   the
very power that chooses to make them for us.
By these means, too, British influence over our
pnblic affairs is every hour expanding i's'lt—enter-
ing more deeply, more fatally, into all our coun-
sels.   No wonder, then, that more than fifty out of
the two hnndred mi lions of State debt, incurred to
English capitalists, by b<rrowing their calicoes and
broadcloths, should   have teen invested in bank
stock alone. For every additi< nal bank contributes
its issues and discoui.ts to swell the paper currency
—to mciease the desire, and furnish the means, of
buying still more Br.tish fabrics—to force men,
companies, and States, still deeper  into debt—to
close onr factories—to augment our tribute, and to
draw this Government and people still more within
the control  tf England.   Yes: every new wave
which rises upon the onwaTd tide of a cutr<ncy
already redundant, drives stilt moré men fr> m la-
bor to speculation—throws individi a's into com-
panies—preises those companies upon the law-
making power, for aid to accomplish thcr ol jfcts
—imparts the genetal deliiium even to he State*
themselves, nntil, in the end, as we now behold,
men, companies, Stales and all, yielding to the
uresis ibte fotee, sue profiled forward to the ex-
tremes! verge ot bankruptcy, when, in the agony
of endangered how *, ifcéy implore the>r crédito s
for still more loans, to paf the interest on debts
■heady contraced.
So far, therefore, a? the currency, vith all its
mighty consequences can be viewed, Great Britain
ana heUnited States are, by this system.eocsolidatf d
into one peop'e; the former controlling ihe desti-
nies of both, by having in possession the central
power of the system. Whether this sta'e of things
shall be allowed to progress, until it products, in
future,* corresponding eonformity in theGoverB-
mentsof the two countri's; recasting the Ameri-
can, as General 'Hamilton desired rt, in the mould
of the English fofas,'Wttst depend: upon the sturdy
patriotera and foMtude <if Utf peat Demqcracy,
There is safety <o te found for our institutions, for
public liberty, in no other qna'ter. For such his
been, such is still, the general tenlency to that le-
sult; a tendency given to public principles and pub-
lic mea«ures,by the Federal party.armed, a*, they ar->,
with all the va t and comp'icated powers of the
banks, that nothing but the s em resolutii n of the
patriot farmer and l borer of the soil and the ^op
can arre«t that tendency.
And now, to the just judgment of the Senate I
appeal.    Is   not   every  incident I   have   stated,
throughout the long succession of events, from the
beginning of the paper system in England down to
the present t me, strictly, indisputably true?   Are
not all the effects and consequences I have ascribed
to these events, deducible, infallibly, from them? is
not the grand total of tht s? effects presetted in the
very quesim now pending before   the   Senate?
"What but ihe influence of tha British paper sy-tern,
British capital, Briush policy, British opinions, Bri
tish manners, British feeling-; what but the concen-
trated influence of all thtsp, acting with dreadful
energy upon our country, ever brought ths question
befi>reu-l Nothing.    How, otherwise,came it here?
What but a British edict, commanding the Govern-
ment to as-ume the debts of the States, has called
forth these resolution?   that we will not assume
them?   Yes, I say commanded; and are we no'?
Are not we, the representatives of a people whose
ancestors, indignant at England's demand of tri-
bute, rose in mass, and with the sword, instead of
complying, cut one half of her empire lor S3 from
the other; ate not we, the descendants of such an-
ces'ors, commanded, and that by Er.g'ish bankers;
commanded, with a menace of rum to the States, in
case of disobedience; commanded to mor'g-ge the
whole public domain to those banker?; that domain
which the valor of our fathers once wrenched fiom
their grasp?
And how has this edict been received by a part
of the Senate? Have they spurned it with that
high indignation it should have excited? Did they
spurn it at all? Have they join d in resis arce
when offered by others? Or have they, on the other
hand, not only declined to condemn the mandate,
but even proposed obedience to its utmost exac-
tion?, by the indirect pledge of this very do-
main to those bankers, through the agency of the
debtor States?
When, some six weeks ago, the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr.  Benton,] with  that sagacity in
public  affairs, which has made him, among his
countrymen, the man of men; when, sir, he saw
the   dangerous   influencs of   England over our
councils and our destinies, not only exerted indi-
rectly through the paper system and  its political
party, but saw, likewise, this influence openly em-
bodied and  auiborttatively put to'th in the edict in
qoestion; when he saw the ansious effor s made by
British interests and the friends and agents of tho-e
interests all around us, to temper and prepare our
people   and Government for obedience   to   this
mandate; when he saw the- danger of delay, and
therefore sul milted his resolutions—resolutions de-
clating li5 cost tutional ttcompetency of this Go-
vernment to   assume   thf-sc debts; the  injustice,
the fatal consequences of such assumption; whe-n
he enforced these, his views, at large in a speech;
when the resolutions were, by the Senate, r-ferred
to a Select Comm ttee, (for such was deemed their
imporancf;)   wh°n these things transpired, wh-tt
answer was mide?   Nor.e; none, save the indis-
tinct uneasiness of a Senator or two, ob curely
htntina their doubts and mi gtvings.   But, on  ih 
contrary, silence, deep and dismal as the dead of
night, reigned through the ranks of the Ot position;
and so for weeks ihey continued.    But observe the
ehtng*.   Th?  committee now submitted their re-
port, sustaining the resolutions against the a sump-
tion; and, at the same moment, the Senator from
Massachusetts, IMr Webster,] fresh fro-n the pu-
rifying presence of the  bankers and Irokers of
old England, makes his advent into the Senate.
Now for the conflict.   No sooner did the sound of
the trnmpet announce the presence of the herald,
than Senators, hitherto in ambuA, sprang to their
feet, as if a   lion had leaped   in  their  rnrdvt.
<lae and all B©w chUn^d in to swell the choras
of den«ac«uiOB~r«f denunciation  not of thi*
presumptuous edict, but of the report of tha
committee advising di>obedience to its manda'es.
It was the report thpy denounced—obj cted to its
publication—denounced the resolutions themselves
—denounced the whole proceed ngs—its principle
and its otject. And why this si'ence broken?
Why this rage of denunciation? Under the cover
of what pretext is this proceeding so violently as-
sailed? The statement of the d«bis, and the refu-
sal of this Government to pay them, miaht impair
the credit of the S ates by depreciating their bonds,
already in the hands of the bank-rs and brokers,
by whom this edict is i^su^d. This is the pre-'ext
for resisting a declaration by the Government that
it will not obey'his British manda'e. And what, sir,
I ask, if, instead of these Senators, those English
bankers the nre'ves were upon this floor, what
would they, on th.s occasion, do and uttei? They by
whom these bonds ate held—they from whom this
mandate issued—they who s^ek to make this Go-
vernment, wheh never contracted, nevertheless,
assvme these debts, and that in violation of its
fundamental law—what would they do and uttei?
Would they not utter what these Senators have
otured, wo-d for word? Would th^y not do all
these Senators have done, depJ for deed? Who
doubts ii? What else could they do or spy? Whit
other than these things would their in'ereus require,
or instinct suggest? Nothing: and if so—if these
British bankers, thus seeking to control this Go-
vernment for their own purposes a'one—if they,
under the same circumstances, wou'd pursue the
exact course which American Senatots are pursu-
ing, is it not time for these Sena'ors to pause?
But where, in truth, is the pretext for the objec-
tion th'js urg d to th's proceeding? Is it a fact that
the credit of the Sta'es can be rffecird bv the enu-
meration and publicity of their debtt? Were not
th° debts creatfd, in the fir t instance, by the public
laws of the S ate$? Have they not been annually
reported to the legislative bodies, by the fiscal offi-
crsofthe Stat"-; and by those bodies annually
republished to the world? Have the Sta'es ever
sough' or desired to conceal them? No. It would
be wor^e than ridiculous to suppose it. And can
it be doubted that these English bankers them-
selves—th°y who hold these bonds, who traffic! to
the amount of many milliens in them—they who
have issued this mandate—can it be doubted that
these men could have exhibited to the Senatorfrom
Massaehusetts, when lately among them, an exact
list and tabular statement of the debts, to the very
last farth'ng—when authorized, how secured, at
what interest, and when redeemable? For it is up-
on these data that the standard of appreciation is
fixed, and ihe chances of profit calculated, in the
pu chase and sale. And, sir, if tv ii be true, as
true it unquestionably L--, hi w then can the publi-
cation of facts already nototious, pr> duce an ef-
fect wh ch that notoriety did not?
But wh«n did theie Si?na'o-s become the pecu-
liar guardians of publ c credr? To preserve tre
faith of the General Government is an obj >ct not
less essen'iil to the honor of the people than to
maintain that of ih<! srveralStates. He, therefore,
is n"t less an euemv t) the S'ates than to ths Fede-
ral Government, who seeks to impair the ñitfgrity
of the latter, however clamorous he may be in sus-
taining that ff the former.
How, then, did tho-e Sena'ors ac*, when, on a
recnt occasion, nit o-ly the credit, but even 'he
very b-tng,of t is G >vernn ent was involved? Who
has forz< tten it? What patriot ever will, ever can,
cease torememrer the ltsurection of 1837? I sy
the insurrection, not of a few inconsiderate men,
prompt d by real or impginary wronss to lift their
hands a;amst public law, and social order? Ncj
bur the insurrection of a thousand banks, delibe-
rately plarned, and simu'taneous'y executed,
rtvou^hout the Republic; an insurrection aaainst
th  vhoie body of the people, as well as against
Gevernment and law; an insurrection of cor-
porations, not oppressed, but enjoying privileges—
e-joying the pes-essio* and iheuseofthe whole
public revenues. The Government bad resource*,
eveob-yoRd its immediate wants. Ctnzress had
made appropriates for thepublicservice.abundant
in every ¿articoHnv-ail was in the custody «f
the $ & •%«• eoafidential agents of the Govern-
