*i4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGftÉSSiÓííAt GtüfcÉ
April, 1840.
26th Coko««««1st Skss.
Branch Mints—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
meat and the public. S > stood affairs; when, with-
out a mom nt's waning, the banks, the whole
country over, slanvned their doors in the fare of
the people—refu«ed to pay their no es—reiused to
deliver up one dollar of the pubic money—calling
this infamous act of treason and rebellion by the
soft name of suspension. Thus, in violation of
every law, was every man in the nation, and every
branch of the Govemnvn', openly defied. Thus
was every appropriation made by Congress seized
by the banks; and the Government, in the absence
of Coiwrts*, left without a dollar to execute the
laws. Coniress was instantly called together by
the President. The two Houses assembled—they
found the banks, in who*e vaults the law had de-
posited the revena*, had not only refused to pay it
over for the pub ic service, but s'ill refused to re-
fund, oat of the millions on deposite, even enough
to cover the compensations of the members them-
selves. These things were fully sated by the Pre-
sident. He advised tha , in futute, those corpora-
tions should not b* trusted with the public mo-
ney, and that, in the mean time, Congress
should provide means, ei her by a loan direct, or
by the us« of Treasury notes, to execute the taws,
and keep the Government alive. Wihout these
means, it was evident ihe G vernment must cease,
in all its functions; the mails stand stitl; the post
offices be cl< sed; the courts discontinued; the navy
be recalled from Ihe rcean; commerce be left ex-
posed; the army disbanded; F.orida given over to
conflagration and murder; Congress be adj- urnerl;
and the whole structure of the Federal Union be
brought in ruins to the ground. This, every man
saw, must inevitably follow, if those means were
not provided, and that wthout delay. And yet, in
an hour so perilous as this, what did those Senators
do? Did they condemn the insurgent monopolies?
Did they propose punishment aiequa'e to treachery
so itTa-nous? Did they hasten to rescue the Govern-
ment from a danger so imminent. No, sir; no.
But, on the contrary, whilst the Government thns
hnrg upon the verge of ruin,whilst every good cii zen
expected to see the arm of the law making power
quickly stretched forth to save it, here stood
these Senators, denouncing, not the banks as traitors,
but the Goven nvnt as bankrupt. Yes, denouncing
the Government of their eountty, and that, too, in
a manner to render it contemptible in the judgment
of the world, and odious in the eyes of the people.
Public credit! Where was then their so'icitude
for public credit? Nor were they satisfied with this
denunciation. From day to day their utmost ef-
forts were exerted to obstruct every mra«ure for
the relief of the Gtvernm"nt, and to reward the
tieachery of the banks, by giving them anew the
ca«= ody and use of the public revenues in future.
A bill was introduced to ex end to the importing
merchant* more time for the payment of their
bonds f >r duties to the Government. All voted for
it, save the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sevjbr,]
and he, I now believe, was the only Semtor who
voted correctly. Another was introduced <o afford
these deposite banks more time to speculate upon
the public money before tbey refunded it, and this
was unopposed. No h ng   hich favored the banks,
however guil'y, encountered the hostility cí these
Senators. Nothiag which went to the relief of the
Government, however indispensable, escaped their
re-dstar.ee. They the guardians of publ c credit,
What better than such a conise, at such a time.
was calculated to dishonor the Government—to
wound its in'egrity, loth at home and abroad?
And did they not—they who are now so sensi ive
about public credit—did they not then, have they
not ever since, sought, by all the power.- of denun-
ciation, to depreciate the Treisury notes below
even the paper of suspended banks; and for what
but to debase the Government?
Trut", however, Mr. President, compels me to
adm t, that there is-, in ih s proceeding, one feature
wh ch may go to di-credit the indebted States; an^i
that is the second brarch r f the subst'tute propi s"d
by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden ]
These are the words:
"lietolved, That it would be just and proper to distribute the
proceed  of the sales of the public lands among the several
States in fair and ratable proportion ; and that the condition ot
each of the States as have contracted debts is such, at the pre-
sent moment of pressure and difficulty, as to render such distri-
pntlon especial y expedient and important."
Here then, whilst in the report and resolutions of
the committee, no word is lound to question the
ability or readiness of the States to meet their en-
gagements, even to the very hour and to the last
dollar, this substitute solemnly resolves " that the
condition of such of the States as have contracted
debts is such, at the present moment of pressure
and difficulty, as to render " the " distriiutior  " of
the proceeds of the pub ic lands " especially expedi-
ent and important." Is such their " condition?" Is
such their "¡pressure and difficulty," that it be-
comes "especially expedent and important" to
pay their debts for them, if they are themselves able
to pay? And who is it that makes this declara-
tion? Not we, but the Senptor from Kentucky; he
who, as a friend of State credit, is alarmed when
others meiely speak of the debts, though they be
already as notorious to the world, as the existence
•f the States themselves.
Yet, sir, it is for a reason higher than thi«, that I
have read this substitute. I have read it, because
it proposes, in the moit unequivocal language, the
indirect assumption of the debts, by this Govern-
ment—the very deed we are commanded to do by
the British bankers, in thár menacing edict. How-
ever loudly, therefore, these Senators may have
hithert* denied this to be their object, here, at last,
when brought to the test, it is in effect openly avow-
ed—avowed, and the reason assigned—that the
''condition" of ihe States, "at the present moment
of pressure and difficulty," makes this indirect as-
vrmption "especially expedient and important."
What more than this have thes; English bankers
< rdered us to do? What more could they desire.
than that we should thosmo.t^age to them, through
the agency of the indebted States.the whole domain of
the Republic? What more.than that the States of this
Union should become their factors and brokers, to
collect, by the efficers of the Fedsral Government,
and to transmit to them, the annual proceeds of a
vast d< main, larger than five times England itseli?
No. The Bntish Government, arrogant and am-
bitious as it is, wculd desire no stioiiger hand in
the Treasury of ihis Government—no stronger
gripe upon the throats of these States—no better
means to produce dissensions among us, than this
measure, were it adopted, would aff  rd.
And now, sir, what is the proposition contained
in this substitute, but the resulting consequer.ee cf
that succession of events I have sought all along
to pursue? The British papir system, beginning,
as I have shown, in a political coalition with the
Kirg against the people, fonnded, in the first place,
their na'ional deit; revolutionized the currency;
expanded and perpetuated both the debt and itself;
drew wi hin its coil ihe «hole moneyed weal'h of the
empire; imposed a destructive tribute upon all la-
bor and ail property, and thus continued, through
each successive generation, to increase the inequa-
lity of condition and the aggregate misery among
men, undl, at Ihe origin of our Government, it ex-
tended itself to our shores. Here the system as-
sumed the same form, and took the sama prim
pie, as the basis of its new empire. It commence
here, as in England, in a eoah'ion with a political
party, and select< d for its ally that party which^
affiliated, in feeling and principles, with the
forms of the British Government. It founded
itself upon a na'ional deb?; and, in order to
complete its identity with the mother system in
England, it transferred that debt to the hands
of the same English'brokers who controlled the
system there. Being thus established upon Btitish
capital—under British influence, and in c< nneclion
with a party who deemed the British Government
"the best model the world had ever produced," the
system began to effect the same social and political
resul's here, that it had there already produced. It
expelled the constitutional currency and took its
place; made labor and property tributary to its cof-
fers; expanded from one into a thousand banks; cen-
tralized within itself the whole moneyed wealth of the
country; communicated English feelings and Eng-
lish manners, wherever it went; diffused its influ-
ence through all the forms of cur Government; en-
•ered into our councils; p'ungrd the States in debt
wo hundred millions of collars to British bankers,
*ho, conscious of their power hrouih the agency
of the system here, and its party connections, have
commanded this Government to a-sume these debts;
and now, sir, we have the result of the whole—we
have the direct proposition to distribute the pro-
seeds of the public lands, for that very purpose,
made by the polmcal friends of this system, in their
place in the Senate. Such, I say, is the result cf
the paper system; and if, instead of resisting, we
adopt the policy of this substitute, we s,hall soon
have fulfilled the utmost wishes of General Hamil.
ton and his paity—the destruction of the State Go-
vernments, and the establishment among us, of an
ans'ocricy upon the English model.
For is it possible for any thing to be more mani-
fest than that a distribution of the money arising
from the public lands is, in fact, a distribution of
revenue generally? Who dees not see that if, for
instance, twenty-five millions of dolors be neces-
sary to the administraron of the Government; if,
of that amount, five millions are brought to the
Treasury from the public lands, and if this latter
sum be withdrawn from the public service lor
distribution to the States, who does not see that
y< u must impose an additional tax, to that extent,
to supply the defic ency? Tt.as, therefore,in order
that the Federal Government May, wth oneh^nd,
distribute five millions to the States, it must be-
gin by collecting, with the other, five millions
from the people of these very States by increased
taxation. Yes, more than five millions must be
collected, because the expenses of collection, in the
first ins'ance, as well as those of distiibution, in
the second, are also to be pad. And what, sir, is
the final consequence of this? It is that the Fede-
ral Government centralizes in its own hands the
who'e power of taxation for all objec s, local and
general. It taxes the people, nut only generally for
oljects within its own competency, but enters the
States, takes the place of State leg station, and
taxes them anew for puiposes solely of Slate con-
cern. What then of existence, as sovereignties,
would remain to the States? What would all
iheir residuary powers be worih? What would
they be but dependent corporations—dependent
upon the imperial system, to whose centre all
powers and resources had huddled together?
Adopt, therefore, the policy of distribution—
obey this British edict—pledge the revenue to the
payment of those debts—and you will have fulfilled
the destiny of ihe paper system; you will have ac-
complished the views of General Hamilton and
his party; you will have answered fatally for civil
liberty; you will have answeted affirmatively the
question with which I began: "Shall the Federal
Government depart fiom the sphere of its limited
powers—shall it intrude into the local jurisdiction
of the States—a&sume the duties of State legis-
lation—tax the people for obj^'s of State concern-
shall it thus eventually abolish the Siate Govern-
ments, and itself settle down into one consolidated
empire?"
BRANCH MINTS.
¡BATE IN THE SEXATE.
Frida?, April 17, 1840.
Thert>¡ll supplementary to the act entitled, "An
establish branches of the Mint of the United
Stajis,'' approved March 3d, ls35, coming up on
read'ng,
Lr. CLAY of Kentucky hoped 'hat some rea-
Ins would be given  why  this bill should pass.
There was the silver bullion, which it is proposed
by this bill to employ these mints in coining, to
come from ?
Mr. WRIGHT said, that, as the bill had been
reported from the Cemmittee on Finance, it was
proper for htm to make some remarks in expla-
naii n of the provisions of the billas undetsuod
by the crmmittc*. Mr. W. then explained the
provisions of the first section which were intended
to remedy defects in the existing law. The second
section authoiized the branch mints to coin small
s.lver change, if it was ascertained that it could be
done, witti the machinery at pie?ent in operation,
wuhout material additional expense. In the mines
of the South t iere is always found, in connection
with the g Id, a considerable portion of slver, and
this has, at present, to be sent to Philadelphia to be
coined; whereas it was represented to the oowr
