April, 1840.
AWEÑDIX to THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ái5
26th Cong •••1st Sess.
Branch Mints—Mr. Lumpkin.
Senate.
mitiee that the silver might be coined with the same
machinery used for the gold with a slight addi-
tional expense: as, for instance, the half and quar-
ter eagle would answer for t:.e quarter dollar and
dime, with the substitution of ne* dies, which will
occasion slight additional expense, as the engraver
is tmployed at a fixed annual salary.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said that, in his opi-
nion, instead of acts to involve us in additional ex-
pense for these branch mints, the only act which it
was proper for us to pass would be one to abolish
them.   He considered that their establishment was
wholly unnecessary, and a waste of public mo-
ney, while the mint at Philadelphia was perfectly
compet.nl to coin all that the wants and thetneans
of the country required.     He  recollected with
great satisfaction that, when the bill for the esta-
blishment of these branch mints was introduced
into the Senate, he had given it his most decided
opposition; and the recollection of his course on no
subject gave him more  lively satisfaction.   He
considered their establishment a mere wasteful ex-
penditure of public money.   There were ample
means to coin all the bullion of the country.   The
silver which is spoken of as being collected with
the gold in the mineral region of the South, could
be sent to Philadelphia, coined, and iransported
back again, at a less expense than if coined at
these branch mints.   They were a portion, and,
as far as expense was concerned, no inconsiderable
portion, of the geld humbugs which characterized
the day of their origin.   The remainder of these
extravagant measures had  disappeared, and he
would be glad if these mints would lollow.   He
should vote against the bill, and asked for the
ayes and noes on its passage.
The ayes and noes having been ordered,
M% LUMPKIN said: Mr. President, ih« hono-
rable Senator from Keniucky [Mr. Cut] appears,
from the remarks which have fallen from him, to
have neglec ed to examine  ihe provisions of this
bill.   This bill, sir, if I understand its provi-ions,
will add nothing to the expenditures in sustaining
the branch mints.   It is intended to increase the
business and profits of these mints, without at all
increasing the expeos- s.    By the provisions of this
biH, add tional labor, it is contemplated, will have
to be performed by the existing officers of the
mints; but no increase of officers or salaries is either
intended or provided for.
The Senator consideis these branch mints as a
dead charge upon the Government, and worse
than useitss, and desires to know where the silver
bullion is to be obtained for the coinage of the
small coins, twenty-five cents and under, prov'ded
for by the bill. In regard to the expenditures which
bare been nece-sary to get these mints into opera-
tion, it is proper to remark that these expenditures
upon the necessary erection of suitable buildings,
and the necessary machinery and fixtures, is charge-
able to the polity and act of Congress, creating
and «t iblithmg these branch mints, and ought not
now, in the second year of the operations of these
branch nvnts,to be brought into theaccount of profit
and loss, to exaggerate the ordinary expendí'mes in
the operations ot these establishments. This ex-
penditure in outfit will n«H be necessary again
for many years tocóme. And, sir, although the
S nator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] has always
been opposed to these branch mints, he has not yet
been atrte, with all his admitted ability, to convince
me, or that portion of ihe country which is most
interested in this subject, of the inexpediency or
inuUuy of this measure; and I am glad to have it
in my power to add, that a majoiiyof Congres?
have hitherto d ffered with the honorable Senator
on this subject.
A more unfavorable time, to the friends of this
measure, could not have been selected, than the
present, to discusa the policy of establishing time
mints. A variety of circumstances conspire at the
present moment to disparage the utility of these
branch mints. Kevertheless, sir, I think the closest
scrutiny and investigation will but increase the
friends of this measure. Fiom the best informa-
tion which I have been able to obtain on ihe sub-
ject, I feel author zed to express the opinion, that
what is termed the mining region of the Southern
States, affords inexhaustible mines, sufficiency pro 
ductive in the precious metals, especially gold, to
amply justify the establishment of these branch
mints, and to sustain them fot generations to come.
To a great exent the best of what is termed the
deposite mine  will, in a limited period, be measura-
bly exhausted. But should the vein mines prove
to be equal to what they are believed and repre-
sented to be by gentlemen of high character and in-
telligence, who have spent much time and labor in
investigating and examining the value of these
mines, there can be no doubt of th* continuance
and importance of the mining business in the gold
region of the Southern States. I speak in reference
more particularly to the gold region of my own
State, (Georgia) from whence I derive the infor-
mation upon which I rely most. Those who have
perseveringly pursued the mining business in Geor-
gia for the longest period of time, are the most fixed
and settled in their convictions of it being a very
profitable business.
Various causes have tended to divert labor from
the gold mines of Georgia for several years pa^t.
The Indian wars and dis'urbances upon our bor-
ders and in Florida, has taken a great number of
laboúng men from the  mines into the volunteer
service of the country.    Again, we have been ra-
pidly progressing for seveial years past, in the con-
struction of several important and extensive rail-
roads, which has created an extraordinary demand
for labor, and consequenily raised the price of
wages beyond what has heretofore been known in
the country.   Moreover, the veiy high prices of
agricultural products of every description for the
last few years have been suffioient to satisfy the in-
dustry and enterprise of that most valuable class of
the community, the agriculturalist.
Are not these causes, sir, which I have adverted
to, sufficient to account for the fact, that much of
the labor and enterprise, heretofore a'tractel
to the m nirg business, should be diverted to the
pursuits of other employments, afibrJing such unu-
sual encouragement to labor. But, s r, a few of
the past years have been too prosperous for us to
indulge the hope of the unir, termp'ed psrpstuation
of such days A change has already overspread
the whole country. High wages and b'gh prices
for oor agricultural products are no longer the theme
in any sec'ion of our wide spread country; but
the reverie. The great cause of the distressing
change of the times is a subject worthy of the pro-
found consideration of every statesman, but this
is not the time or the occasion for that discussion.
My object in advening to these facts, is to .«how
the probability that the day is not far distant uken
a much larger portion of labor and capital will be
drawn to the mining business Whatever objec-
tions may be justly raised against the mining busi-
ness, yet it is a hard money, a cash business. And
when the products of the country cannot be ex-
changed for money at a fair price, those who have
it conveniently in their power to do ;o, will turn
their attention to rainng the precious metals from
their beds of obscurity in the bowels of the earth.
The profits of mining in Ge< rgia are variously esti-
mated, and I will therefore forbear to enter upon
■ h: details of information, which I now h ve in
my possession, derived from highly respectable
gentlemen, in whom I have confidence. Suffice it
to say, I am well satisfied that no agricultural pur-
suit in our counry affords a m-ire certain or grea'er
prospect of profit than the mining budines.*, pro-
vided the investment in mining is conduced with
the requisite skill, prudence, and perseverance.
Under all the disadvantages to which I have ad-
verted, and which these branch mints have en-
countered thus far, yet we find, from the report of
Mr. Patterson, the director of the mint at Philadel-
phia, that, during the past year, 1839, the branch
mnt at Charlotte, North Carolina, received depo-
sites of gold to the value of $126,836. The
amount of its coinage was $162,7(17 50, composed
of 23,467 half eagles, and 18,173 quarter eagles.
And the branch mint at Dahlonega, Georgia, re-
ceived, during the same year, deposites of gold to,
the value of $113,035; and its coinage amounted
to $128,880, composed of 18,939 half eagles, and
13,674 quarter eagles. And the Director adds:
"These two mints «re in a very satisfactory condi-
tion, and are fully able to execute much more work
than has yet been required of them "
The ditector a'so state? in his report, that the
capacity of the mint and its branches is now abun-
dantly sufficient for all the gold coinage necessary
for the metallic circulation of the country, and re-
commends a repeal of the act of June 28th, 1834,
as he presumes that the provisions of that act,
making foreign gold coins a lpgal tender, is no
longer necessary. If the views of the director be
correct, and I think they are obviously so, the car-
rying out of these views would give additional
work to our mints, by the recoinage of foreign coins.
And, sir, whether their work and utility be in-
creased in this way or not, these branch mints, if
sustained by proper leg slation, such as we propose
in the present bill, win not fail in greatly increas-
ing the metallic ciculation of the country.
But, sir, I must not forget to reply to the ques-
tion of the Senator from Keniucky, [Mr. Clay,]
whete is the silver to be obtained for coinage at
these branch mints? My reply is, that where/er
mining operations are earned on in gold, some
portion, more or le?s, of silver is found. I under-
stand silver lo be the natural alloy of gold. I am
not prepared to state, with príc:ston, what propor-
tion or quantity of silver is usually found in the
mining operations of the gold region of the South-
ern States; but I am impressed with the be-
lief, that sufficient quantities are found to make
it an object of importance to authorize the
branch mints, as contemplated in this bill,
to cuin peces of twenty-five cents and under. And,
sir, I consider the coinage and circulation of these
small pieces of great importance to all that range
of the interior ot the Southern States, where these
branch mints are located. Sir, it is in that section
of country that the people suffer most from the cir-
culation ol your miserable, worthless, little shinplas-
ters. It is a part of the country far removed from
your unso ind banking institutions, and manufacto-
ries of caper money. The people being igno-
rant of the true condition and source fr m
whence these paper tickets and shinplasters have
issued, as often receive, by imposition, illegitimate
as legitimate shinplasters. I wish to lega.ize and
encourage the coinage of small silver shange, to
supply the place of that worthless trash, called
change bills. I have always been opposed to the
circulation of these change bills, and once had a
lead.ng agency in my own State in driving them
entirely from our circulation. One of the greatest
evils connected with what has been the banking
policy of our country, has been that of issuing
small bills. The banking system might have sur-
vived for years jet to come, if there never had
been an issue of small bills, by any banking in-
s itutit n—an issue bringing p?per into circula-
tion, in competition with the const tutional coins of
the country. Experience has now dtmmstia'ed
the impossibility of keeping up a specie circulation
for u e, in the every d<y small transactions of the
bu*ine-scf life, while bi:ls of like denominations
with our coins are scattered throughout the coun-
try Coins, the better currency, will be hoarded
by the banks, as well as individuals, and exported
abro .id when nece^sarv t> promote ihe interest of the
holdsr; and the people of Ihe cour.try will be left
to ihe use of depreciated bank bills, in the place of
their own cons'itutional coins.
Mr. President I am not disposed to conceal from
the Senate, that I consider the establishment of these
branch mints a subject of deep local interest and
importance to the interior of all the Southern Sta'f s,
embracing «hat is called the gold region, as well as
to the adjacent and surrounding country. It is a
section of country, sir, which, from its geographical
position, derives but little benefit from the vast ex-
pendimos and disbursement; of this Federal Go-
vernment. It i< a tax paying and rv t a tax gather-
ing country. It is the country which forms an im-
portant portion of your bone and sintu>, in peace and
in war. These people look noi to your Govern-
ment for special and extraordinary favorstin the
forrr of bounties or protection. Bat. sir, Uod ana
nature having placed in the land of their residence
aud choice, inexhaustible mines of the most p 
cious and valuable metal known to the world
when used as tt  currency of a country} and y«|
