S16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S6th Cong--.. 1st Skss
baring, with a view to the common imertst
of the wiole Confederacy, estabhshe 1 t e>e
branch mints, for the coinage of the pre-
cious meta's, wh:ch they, with toil and
labor, raise ft\im the bowels of the eorth. and
thereby having taught them them the advan-
tages of their location—I ask, *ir, will yon now,
in the second year of your policy in relation to
these branch mint*, crush and destroy all the
bright anticipations, which you, by your policy,
have created? I confess, sir, I am surprised and
astonished to hear gentlemen advoca'e the aboli-
tion of these mints—speak of selling out the inte-
rest of the Government in these establishment's.
Sorely these propositions are made without due
reflection and consideration; especially, comii g as
they do from tho.e who are the k<--own advocates
of encouraging variou* branches of domestic m-
dus'ry. During the present se sbn of Coiigress,
a great number of petitions, numerously sisned by
highly respectable citizens and from various sec-
tions of the ci uniry, hive b^en presented to the
Senate, asking encouragement and projection to
the domestic silk interest of our country; and
manv of these petituns having been referred to
the Co an minee on Manufactures, of wh ch I have
the honor of being chairman, has caused me to re-
fleet much opon that subjec'; aid althoush op-
posed to protecting tariffs, lam pleased to say that
my ftelinz* coincide with the sentimen's which I
have heard fall from the Senator ftom Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] in reearl to this branch
of agricultural industry. I am cltarly of opi-
ni >n, that a high revenue duty should be
laid opon all foreign silks imported into
the United States. But, s r, in reflecting npon
this siik subject, I have come to the conclusion
that no doty on foreign silk, or bounty on domestic
s Ik, would so eflitc ually advance the silk culture
ía our country, as wou'd the establishment of a
ready market, in evf ry neighborhood, for ihe sale,
at a fair price, of all the cocoons which could be
priduced by the industry an! enterprise of our peo-
ple. A market for all ihat can be produced,
whether in large or small quanti i<-s. This, how
ever, is n-t a work for the Government—it most
be left to individual enterprise and capital to effect
this object. My object m this digression, from
gold to $Uk, sir, is to present to the Senate more
clearly the great advantages of the S3 trench m>nts
to the people in the vicinity of their location. This
gold regi >n spreads over a great extent of country,
and tens of thousands ec the ril zens of these Slates
are directly or indirectly interested in Ihe m>ning
business. Since the establishment of these branch
mints, every individual who can co'lect gold, in
large or small quantities—whe h<"r rich or poor—
can get a fair price for his gold, and that in good
hard money, and in his own immediate neighbor-
hood. It has es-abl shed a fair and just trade in
the precious metal. The frauds formerly practised
by both buyers and sellers, are now larelv heard of.
The Pigeon Roost, and other kindred banks, no
longer engross ih  advant ig s of the miner's Lb'-r.
He takes his gold to the mint, and there receives
for it a fair equivalent in coin. The amount of
bullion received at the branch mints in Nor h Caro-
lina and Georgia the past ytar, (I839 ) and <h>fly
taken from the mines in their immediate vicinities,
has afforded a coinage of $291,587; and, from
causes which I have already explained, it is believed
by tboseswho are in the most favorable positions to
the formation of correct opinions on tre sutjert,
that the increase of the present year will justify es-
timating the coinage ft $500,000. S.r, this n no
incons derable item in the circulation of a country
which is threatened wyh the banishment of a sound
specie currency. Mr. President, I am not in the
least surprised that doubts and opposition should
have existed, when the proposition was first pre-
sented to Congress for the es'abiishment of these
branch mints. But, to my mind, it is most extra-
ordinary indeed, that any reflecting mw can, at ih.s
time, favor the idea of abo ishirg these m'nts Yet,
sir, we find such a proposition be.ore the Senae of
the united States; and that, too, when the mints
art in their infancy of only the second year; uhen
the prospects of their utility to the country are
f verj day increaúngand developing themsel ves to all
Branch Mints—Mr. Calhoun.
who are acquainted with the circumstances apper-
taining to the subject.
Now that capital and labor to a large extent has
been invested in the milling business, improved
and expensive mach nerv procured to carry on the
operation , we find this effort introduced here to
prostrate boih the policy of the Government and the
interest of a very numerous and meritorious class
of citizens, by a sudden and unexpected abandon- i
ment of what was considered the settled policy of
the Government.                                                     i
The mining interest in the goll region is already
reviving, and it is altogether reasonable to expect
that the  mines will  be  much  more  extensively
worked than heretofore.   The 'nvestieation of sci-
entific men, aided by ample capiat, has resulted
recently, and in several instances, in makirg con- .
side.able   investments   in   the   mining   business.   ¡
This, in connection wi h the reduced price of agri-   ¡
cultural products, and the incieased value of gold,
(which is at least seven per cent.) will, with the
favorable indications presented by the mines them-
selves, both for richness and durability, give addi-
tional spirit aud activiiy to the mining opentions.
Under t ese  circumstances, sir, I cannot indulge   |
the apprehension that Congiess will tail to  pass   [
tiis bi 1, and continue to give its c^un'enanee and
support to these branch mints, until a full and fair
trial, at l*avt, shall be made of the utility of their
establishment.
Mr. EBOWN said, that having introduced the
bill, he deemed it his duty to siy a few words in
favirofits passage. He mu.st be allowed to ex-
press the very great surprise which he felt that any '
gentleman should consider himself called on io op-
pose a measure so reasonable in itself, and of sach '
obvious pubhcutihty.                                               f
If it were now a question brought tefore  us for   i
the fir>t  t me,  whether we were io eitab'ish these
branch mint-, then  the remarks, which we had   i
heard, in regard to the annual ^expense occas.oned   '
by them, would have   been much more appropri-
ately made, and would have formed a   fit subject
for consideiaion.   TLey are now, however, in suc-
cessful operatien, and can be made to perform the tj
additional duly of coin'ng the smaller denomina-
tions of silver money at a very inconsiderable addi-
tional expenss to the Government.    Shall we net,
thpn, said   Mr. B. avail ourselves of a benefit of
such acknowledged public utility,  as that of in-
creasing the supply ofsilverchangj, and especially
when ii can be done at s} cheap a rate?
Whengenilemen  dwell so mnch on  the sraal
additional expense wh ch it would  require, did i*
not strike them, Ihat in anv one of cu- large com"
mercial cities alone, the annual loss on shinplasttrs ,
and small  notes,  issued  by insolvent individuals I
and corpora'ions, if c-lcu'at<=d, would be found to I
exceed the entire cost of tríese'wo branch mints'
The Senat'r from South Carolina had spoken in
a tone of ridicule of the shock which he says the
mere mention of the term shinplasters tcrasions
in a certain quarter. It was not surprising that a i
public nu'Sance of so odious a chara, ter, and so
demoralizing in its efftcts, Should sho:k the moral i
sense of the community. He regretted that the
sensibilities of g-nt'eme  over the way should have
been shocked at the mention of snnll coins. He
cjuld see very adequa'e cuss why the former
-honld produce this effect, but none why the latter
should.                                                                   j
But we had leen told of the gold humbu?. That '
had a  once solved the mystery of a'l ihis aversion '
and opposition to an increase of the metallic cur- [
rency.
It was no longer a maMer of doubt or of specu-
lation, that the favorite credit and paper system of
g-'mlemen, as it had been conducted in this coun- '
iry, was the real humbug in regard to currer.cv.
The practical lessons on this subject which had
been taught bv the last four years' experience, had
outweished all the sophisms of theorists, and had
left a deep impression on the public mind in favor
of greatly augmenting the proportion of metallic
currency.
Mr. rRESTOtf had a very distinct recolection
of in  discussions, the res lit of which was the es- (
tablishment of the branch mints.   He was one of
those «ho supported that measure, and though he
Senate.
did not now recollect all the particular reasons
which were urged for and against it, he rem in-
hered that those in its favor preponderated. Mr.
C. after referring to several gemlemeti who took
part in that discussion, and the arguments they ad-
vanceJ, said that the main argument, and the one
which had the greatest wtight on his mind, was
thu ihe increased production of gold in that region,
led lo the hope that at no d>stant pariod the minis
would be profitably employed, and that that region
would be a great gold producing country. There
was great enthusiasm excited oh this subject. The
increase of production was then between forty and
fifty per cent, per annum; and it U had gone on at
that r*<e, there would have been, by th'S time,
some forty or ñ ty millions of gold coin in the
United S ates.
But these hop°s had not been realized, and so
far from the ratio of product on having been in-
creased, it had decreased. The enthusiasm on this
subject had been pa-sed by, and the gold mines
from the Rappahannock to Georgia, had all de-
creased in their production, and many of them had
been abandon°d. Mr. P. referred to a convention
which had teen held in Georgia, which, after an
investigation of the subj c, had arrived at the ge-
neal reiult ihat la^or could be mote profitably
employed in the diflerent branches of agriculture
than in mining. He was very much of the opinion
that, at the moment of organizing ihe branch mints,
the most enlightened of th se who thought on the
subject fened ihatCongress had acted piecipitately.
Mr. P. expressed doubts whether the experiment
had been successful; he doubted whether the esta-
blishments had been found profitable, and whe-
ther it would net be the brst policy to discontinue
them alugeiher. Mr. P. concluded by moving to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Finance,
with instructions to inquire into the expediency of
dicon'inuing the branch mints
Mr. CALHOUN hoped that whatever might be
the proper course to be pursued in reference to
these mints, the mi tion of his colleague woald not
prevail. If he understood ihe object of tais bill,
it was to supera Id the power of ooinirg fcilver, to
thit which the .unts dow possessed of coining gold.
The expense to effect the object in view would be
exceedingly small, for the bill contemplated that it
should not be undertaken, if expense of any ac-
count was to be occasioned by it. His impression,
upon a view of these facts, was, that there ought
to be no opposition to the bill. There was a con-
siderable portion of silver alloy in all the gold
found in the gold region of the South, so that one
objection that had been urg'd against the bill was
here obviated He h< ped that his colleague would
let the bill pass, and if he thought that the
mints were not rend ring an adequate service,
compared with the expense of keeping them
up, let him institute an inquiry, and then if the
facts shall justify it, propose th'ir discontinuance.
It was not fair now to decide that the experiment of
thee two mints had or had not failed. When
they were first established, gold was collected in
considerable quantit es, 'hough the production was
now very much reduced. He hard some little
knowledge of that region of country, and he ven-
tured to say that the coinage of $ 120,000, the
amount coined by the mint which had donetha
smallest busmrss, was enough to justify the con-
tinuance of it. He believed ihat go'd bullion had
ri en since the establishment of thess mints e ght
or nine per cei.t.; which was a clear gain to ihe
producer, who, previou« to this, had to exchange
his bullion for p per at a serious losr. As to the
falling off of the production of thess mines, it might
be easily accounted for. The mines We;e divided
into two descriptions—depo-ite mines and vein
mines. The deposite mines, from iheir nature,
would be soot exhausted; but the vein mines
were scarcely yet begun to be understood,
and from them a very considerable production
might be expected. There had been p iwerful
reasons why these mines had (alien off. Gold and '
paper were antagonists io each other. The paper
circulation had swollen immensely—prices bad
consequently ri en. and the depression of go'd and
silver followed. The increased cost of production
which tokened the value of the gold with the rise
