SIS
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono* ••• 1st Sess.
State Debts—The Vice President
ac
Feb. 1840.
Senate.
cuuutiy which had been invented in taese minis
was unprotitably employed, and he was not dis-
poned, in consequence of a mere party slang, or a
dread of bank paper, to ion pair ihe inteiests of the
country by su Bering u to remain so.
Mr. BROWN would say a few words in reply
to the veiy temperate lecture of the gentleman
from South Carolina. He regretted ihal the sensi-
bilities ot the Senator should be excited on this sub-
ject, whether by any remarks made by him casu-
ally in the course of tne debate, or by the mere
mention of the odious subject of a metallic cur-
rency, he should not undertake to determine. The
gentleman, driven from the ground of his argu-
ment, driven from the positions be attempted in
vain to establish, had endeavored to retreat, under
& display of wit, and by ringing all the various
changes upon the wordi *• shinplasters." The
gentleman possessed considerable powers as an
ora.or and a writer, and he doubtless possessed
musical and poetical talents of a high oider. Now,
he would recommend to the gentleman to turn
these words into poetry, and set them to music,
and he would then be ab.e to give them more
effect, when he wanted to display his wit at the
expense of a metahc currency.
At a warmer period of the year, when the sun
poured down its burning rays with baleful influence,
he h*d heard ot the prevalence of a disease
called the hydrophobia, the characteristic of wmch
was that boih men and animals, When afflicted
with it, were seised Wish a oread of water. Now,
from witnessing ihe sensibilities of some gentle-
men whenever the subject of a metallic currency
was introduced, he should suppose that there was
such a duease as the specie-phobia, and that those
«uflenng under it are seized with a horror of gold
and silver. Whenever it is proposed to adopt
measures for increasing the supply of the gold and
silver coinage, we aie answered with the cry of
"gold humbug." When we speak of the abuses
of the banking system, and wish to counteiact
the effect* of the bloated paper system, we are an-
swered with the fame cry of " gold humbug."
When we are called on to pievent ihe banks trom
getting absolute supremacy over the affairs of the
countiy, we are again answered with the magical
cy of "gold humbug." There was a poteucy in
this phrase that overcame all arguments in the
estimation of horn rabie gentlemen; and he would
now recommend to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, when he is setting his favorite song of "shin-
plasters" to music, that he will introduce the no less
captivating phrase of 'gold humbug" in the mea-
sure.
But the gentleman said that he did not intro-
duce party politics into the discussion. Did I not,
continued Mr. B. hear the words "gold humbug"
ti-ed trt.m the other side of thts chamber? And
have I not heard this slang, designed to dupe the
ignorant and mislead ire unwary, rung again and
again, whenever any measure is a agitation to im-
prove the cuirency of the countr} J But the gentle-
man had no design to íntroducs party política into
the discussion; his soul rises above every conside-
ration connected with party feeling. Nothing of
this s rt was on his mind when he reminded us of
those leg sub-treasurers who have absconded with
large sums of the public money. But had the gen-
tleman forgotten that within a very lew days past,
a bank sub-treasurer in a neighboring city (Kich-
raond) has run off with half a million of dollars?
Has he forgotten that o her paper sub-ireasureis
have, in other parts oí the country, very re-
cently done the same thing? But wh n
we talk of infusing a greaier quantity of
metallic curreacy into the circulation ot the
country, and preventing the banks from using the
revenues of the Government to swell out their is-
sues, we are met with such arguments as "gold
humbug," "leg sub treasurers," and other such
phrases so common in ihe political vocabulary of
a certain party.
Bol, said Mr. B. there was another word which
the gentleman had eloquently harped upon, and he
thanked him for if. That word was econt my.
He hoped that they would hereafter give a practical
evidence of the sincerity of their professions in
regard to economy.   He had seen gentlemen vot-
ing for near half a million of dollars for books to
supply themselves, and furnish profitable jobs to
their political partisans, in the course of the last six
or eight years; and yet they cannot vote this trifling
expense lor an object calculated to promote the con-
venience and interest of the people. When he
cime to reflect on this, he could net avoid coming
to the conclusion, that gentlemen who were so
fond of supplying themselves with books, at the
public expeusej were friends of the paper jj/stem out
and out. The gentlemen talked about selling out
these branch min's, and no doubt they were sincere.
And he had no doubt, if they were set up at auc-
tion, that some bank would become the purchaser,
for the purpose of flooding the country with its ir-
redeemable paper; and we should agaia have some
bank sub-treasurer fleeing from them with his half
a million.
The question on a recommitment being taken, it
was deeiled in the negative—ayes 11, noes 27, as
followM
YEAS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Dixon, Knight, Potter, Prentiss, Pres-
ton, Ruggles Smith of Indiana, and White—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, of Alabama,
Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy, Henderson, Hubbard,
King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouion, Nicholas, Norvell,
Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Strange, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan, Walker, Williams, Wright, and Young—27.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
DEFERRED DEBATE.
1840,
mmitee on
considera-
te Senate at
Tne following
rted in the Madi-
Amidst the gloom
IN SENATE
Friday, February 28
The resolutiors, from the
he as umption of State debts be
tion, Mr. TALLMADGE
lengh in oppostion to the re
were his closing remarks, as
soman:
Mr. TALLMADGE sa
and darkness by which we are surrounded, I can
fancy I see the dawning of a brighter day. To
Ihose who have suffered by the folly and madness
of this Administration, I would say, if my voice
could leach them, be of §ood cheer—for the day
of your political redemption draweih nigh. A few
more revo'utions of the moon, and the people
will come to the rescue. The "Empire Siate"
will be proud to lead the van in this great battle, if
it sh uld be ass.gned to her. She is already
panting for the contest. Tnrice has she con-
demned, in a voice which has reverberated from
the oc«an to the lakes, the destructive measures
of this Adnunistration. Thrice has she rebuked
her once *• favorite son," who has turned his
back upon her in er. sts, as well as the inte-
rests ol ihe whole Union—who has raised his
hand, as it were, aga>n>t htr who bore him—
against her who cherished and nourished him, and
gave to him all the consequence he enjoys—and
whose overflowing kindness he has repaid by "in-
gratitude more strong than traitors' arms." Sir,
she is tued ot this Northern man wuh Southern
principles—or rather this Northern man with no
principles. Sne wishes to see an "honest" man at
the head of this Government—one, loo, who is "ca-
pable," and ' faithful to the Constitution." And,
let me tell the Senator from North Carolina, when
she speaks a fourth time, it will be in a voice of
thunder, in favor of the "Hero op Tippecanoe."
The defender of his country in war, I trust he will
prove her deliverer in peace. The Senator from
North Carolina has given us some of h>s anticipa-
tions. Now, said Mr. T. let me give him some of
mine. I anticipate that the 4th of March, 1841,
will form an era in our political annals: that on
that day, the wand of the magician will be broken:
that on that day, he will retire to the peaceful
shade  of his own native village, heralded by the
lamen'ations of those whom his administration has
broken down and ruined. But he will not be for-
g. tten in his retirement The effort? of our waning
commerce, of our mined manufacures, of oar
suspended improvements, and of our unrewarded
labor, will stand as lasting monuments of the im-
becility and destructiveness of his administrauon;
Whilst the widows' and the orphans' tears, whose
husbands and whose fathers have been feat to un-
tim«ly faves, will rescue his memory from that
oblivion to which the interests and the honor of the
country wonld consign it!
Mr STRANGE said: I should not have troubled
the Senate, Mr. President, had not the Senator
from New York [Mr. Tallmadge] done me the
honor to notice SJine of my remarks made on yes-
terday, perveriing them to a far different sense from
that m which they were used by me. He was pleased
to suppose that 1 had some sarcastic allusion to the
entertainments given to the President during his
tour, last summer, through the S ate of New York.
These entertainments were altogether different from
the Federal leasts to which I alluded. The latter
seem to be given for no object but to pioduce ef-
fect, and act upon elections; the former were the
mere rendition of courtesy and the outpounng of
good feeling towards a dutinguished fellow citizen,
upon his return after a long absence from his na-
tive Sute. They were due to the man, but stil
more to the Chiet Magistrate of the naúon; and I
deeply regret that the political rancor of ihe Fede-
ralists should have caused these public demonstra-
tions of good feeling to be confined to one political
party. Of what ingratitude to his State, on tbe
part if Mr. Van Buren, the Senator speaks, I am
at a loss to understand. Does he mean to complain
that he has administered the affairs of the General
Government according to his sense of the true in-
terests of the great body of the nation, and not in
reference to the local interests and peculiar opinions
of tbe people of New York? That he has not be-
trayed the confidence reposed in him by the whole
American people by providing mainly for that
State wuh which his own personal fortune and that
of his kindred is identified? Th.s I understand to
be the complaint, and I must say it is just such an
one as I should have expected, not from the per-
sonal, but from the political character of the Sena-
tor. And as for the word "traitor," which the Se-
nator has seen fit to apply to the President of the
United States, I wonder that the utterance of it
does not palsy his tongue.
Mr. TALLMADGE was proceeding with s me
warmth of language to reply, when
Mr. HENDERSUN rose, and expressed a hope
that the Vice President would interfere, and pre-
serve the order of tne Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT said, that as presiding
officer of the body, he considered it was his duty
to use all his influence, and all the means in his
power, to preserve order in debate, and to sustain
the dignity of the Senate; and for this purpose, to
i aduce Senators to abstain from personalities in dis
cussion, which must inevitably tend to disturb the
harmony of their social intercourse, which it was
so desuable to preserve. For himself, he had bee*
the object of unmerited kindness and confidence on
the part of all the members of the body, for which
he would take this occasion to make his acknow-
ledgmmt*. He had reflected upon the question, how
far it was his duty to declare a member out of
order for language used in regard to the President,
or to any other person wno was not a member of
this body, which would be deemed unparliamenta-
ry if applied by one Senator to another. It had
been a matter of doubt wi h him whether i'. was
proper or parliamentary for him to interferfere,
however severe the personal animadversions of any
Senator on the Executive, might be—although hie
was a co-ordinate and independent branch of the
Gover ment. For this reason, therefore, he had
not called ihe Senator from New York [Mr. Tall-
madge] to ord r for personal remarks applied to
the President of the United States, which would
have been out of order if applied lo any member
of the body; nor the member from North Carotin 
[Mr. Strange] who bad, in fact, retorted one of the
offensive epnhets. But having been called upea
by the appeal of the Senator from Mississippi, he
felt bound to say, that, in his opinion, the couise of
the debate was unparliamentary and out of order.
It was his duty to submit this opinion to the
Senate for its consideration, and for them to act as
would, in their opinion, best comport with the honor
and dignity of the body. He did not consider that
any injury was done to the character or standing of
