&S0
APPENDIX^ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
26th Cons.. «1st Sess.
/   Cumberland Road—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
land road,' approved the third day of March, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven."                                                   \
A remenee to the act of 1837 wou'd snow the
effect of ih.s proposed amendment, by shoeing il
"provisions, conditions, restrictions and lioiija*-
tions" contained in that act, subject to which/fhe
bill, in in present shape, proposes to make Jrie e
appropriations, but from which the ameafn/liit, if
artopifd, will tree them, and leave the abfropria-
tioos open, genera!, and unconditional. 'He was
satisfied, loo, that ihs examination would prove
that the proposition to amend was even broader
than the honorable mover intended or desired; that
theie were 'conditions and limitations" in that pet,
which even he did not oesire to remove; from which
he would not wish to relieve these appiopriations,
in case they were to be made.
Wha', then, were the "conditions, restrictions,
and limitations'  in the act of 1837, referred tol
Tne fiist was found in the 1st section of the act,
in the lollow ng woids:
"That the said road within the State of tUinsls ehal! not be
■toned «r gravelled, unless it can be done at a cost not greater
than the average cost of stoning or gravelling said road within
the Sates of Ohio and Indiana."
This, he presumed, was a "limitation" which
the honorable mover of the amendment, and those
who would vet- with him, did not desire to repeal.
The second was in the same siction, and in the
following words:
'■That in all cases Where it can be done, itshallbetheduty of
the superintending officers to cause the work on said road to be
laid off in sections, and let out to the lowest substantial bidders,
after due notice."
Here, again, was a "re triction" which he did
not *np[ o e the opponents of the bill would be
anxious to remove.
The third "condition" was found in the 2d sec-
tion of this act of 1837, in the following words:
"That the second section of an act for the continuation of the
Cumberland road in the Slates of Ohio. Indiana, and Illinois,
approved the 2J day of July, 1836, shall not be applicable to
expenditures hereafter to be made on said road."
Tne section of ihe act of 1836 here referred to,
requires that the moneys appropriated shall be so
expended as to complete the greatot posible con-
tinuous potions of the roal, "so that such finished
p¡>rts thereof may be surrendered to the siid States
respectively." Should the amendment prevail, this
sectton of ihe act of 1^36 wou'd he atan restored
and made one of the "limita'ions" vpm thfse ap-
propriation*, from which ihe 2J section of the act
of 1837 had relieved them. This wouH be in no
way object onable to him, th mgh he supposed it
would be to the more imtr.e iiat-i frierd-: of ihe
work, inasmuc'i as the limitation, having been im-
posed m 1636, had been removed ia 1837, at iheir
instance.
These were the "conditions, restrictions, and li-
mitations," which he supposed the honoraMe mover
of toe amendment had not considered, and Mime of
which, at l?3St, he presumed he would not deshe to
remove. He felt sare that some other Senaiors
would be unwilling to pirt with the fust two, as he
we'd recollected they had been insert* d in the act cf
1837, after a severe struggle, and were then rHied
upon, by the honorable Senator who moved them,
(Mr. Clay of Kentucky,] and these who acted
wih him, as highly es>emial.
Yet it was not his object to discuss these points.
He had simply ref-rred to them, that Sena'ors
might not, unwittingly, adopt an amendment which
should relieve these appropriations fiom c rd tions
and limitations to which they had, upon former oc-
casi< ns, been strongly attached.
He was aware that the honorable mover of the
amendment bad another object, viz.—to g*t rid of
the 4th section of the act ot 1837, which was in
the following words:
"That the several «urns hereby appropriated for the construe,
tion of the Cumberland road in the Slates of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, shall be replaced by said States respectively out of ihe
fund reserved to each for laying out and makin  roads under
(he direction of Congress, by the several acts passed for the ad-
mission of said Slates into the Union, on an equal footing with
the original States "
Th s is the real point of controversy involved in
the amendment; this the "conditicn" whi:h it is ihe
ocject of the honorable mover to test by a vote;
and thi3 is the distinctive fea'ure of these appro-
priations, which he (Mr. W.) wished to retain. To
tbii po;n', therefore, this tv:oier cent, fund, and
the propriety of continuing to pledge these appro-
priations ,npon it, he should diiect his remarks.
JJe would be ac brief as possible; but an examina-
jfion of the origin of that fund, of the appropria-
tions for the Cumberland road,  and the present
sate  of facts as to both,  would be necessary to
make his argument clear and intelligible.
The cession by the State of Virginia to the
United States of the territory northwest of the
liver Ohio, contained, among o'hers, the condiiion,
th*t cf that te'iiiory there should be ft rmed not
less th^n three, nor more than five, free Republi-
can States, which Under c rtain limitatons pie-
senbed, should be admitted into the Union upon an
equal footing in all respects with the ong nal
States.
The State of Ohio first made application for this
admission, and, on the 30ih day of April, 1802,
Congress psssed an act entitled "An act to enable
the people of the eastern division of the territory
nrrtnwest of the river Ohio to form a Cans-ti ution
and State Government, and for the admission of
such State into th*  Union, on an equal footing wiih
the or ginal Sates, and fur other purposes." Among
other provisions in this act, Congrsss, by the 7th
section thereof, offered to the convention of the
people of Ohio, "for their free acceptance or rejec-
tion," ihree several propositions, intended for the
mutual benefit of the S ate and the United S'ates,
and declared that, if accepted by the convention,
'hey 'Shall be obligatory upon the United States."
The ihiid of these propositions is the ose material
to this discussion, and is in the following words:
"Third. That one-twentieth part of the nett proceeds of the
lands lying within ihe said State, sold by Congress, from and
after the thirtieth day of June next, (1802,) after deducting all
expenses incident to the same, shall be applied to the laying
out and making public roads, leading from the navigable wa-
ters tmptying into the Atlantic, lo the Ohio, to the said State,
and threugh the same; such roads to be laid out under the
authority of Congress, with ihe Consent óf the several States
through which the said road shall pass. Provided, always.
That the three foregoing propositions herein offered are on the
conditions that the convention of the s->id State «hall provide
by an ordinance, irrevocable without the consent of the United
Sta'es, that every and each tract of land sold by Congress, from
and after the thirtieth day of June next, shall be and remain
exempt from any tax laiJ by order oi under the authority of the
Stats, whether for State, county, township, oranyothei pur-
pose whatever, for the term of five years, from and after the
day of sale."
Here was a compact between this new State and
this Govermant, for the convention of Ohio did free-
ly accept the propositions and conform to their
terms and requirements; and here was the compact
which gave existence to tMe Cumberland road,
and threw it ujon the hands of the United States.
A single step furmer will show the origin of the
two per cent, fund,ascontradisiingu hed Inm that
five per cent, fund, or "one twentieth part of the
nett proceeds of ihe lands," constituted by the com-
pact list referred to, and devotd to the construc-
tion of roads from the Ailantic waters " to the
Ohio, to the .-aid State, and through the same."
On the 3d day of Maich, 1803, about eleven
months arter the rassage of the act containing the
propositioris tendered to the c invention of the peo-
ple of Ohio, and which proportions that conven-
tion iccf pled and complied with, Congress passed
an ait, entitled " An act in addition to, and in mo-
dification of, the propositions contained in the act
"ccttled," &c. being the act of the 30th of April,
1502, before referred to. Thisact conferred upon the
new Stae, many other and further advantages, be-
yond those covered by the three propositions tendered
to the convention in the foimer act; but the only one
of us provisions arTect;ng this discutsion is that
found in its second section. It was unnecessary to
read the section, which was long. The substance
of it was, that three per cent, of the five per cent,
reserved in the ordinance which has been read,
was directed to be paid over to the Sta'e, to bs ap-
plied " to the laying out, opening and making roads
wiihin the said State, and to no other parpóse
whatever;" thus leaving but two per cen'. of the
nett proceeds of the lands to be expended " under
the authority of Congress," in "laying out and
makinz public roads leading from the navigable
waters emptjing into the Atlantic, to the Ohio, to
the said State, and through the same. This act
eons'ituted the two pf r cent, fund, by taking from
the hands of Congress, and giving to the Si ate for
expenditure, three per cent, of the five reserved to
Congress by ihe original ordinance.
Still the obligation upon Congress remained of
expending the two per cent, in ihe " laying out and
making public roads, leading from the navigable
waters emptying into the Atlantic, to the Ohio, to
the said State, and through the same;" and to dis«
charge that obligation, this great, and troublesome,
and expensive woik, the Cumberland road, was
commenced.
The chronological order of events would here
call upon him to examine the first approprations
for the road; but he thought he should be able to
accomplish the task he had undertaken w th greater
brevity, and make himself moie perfectly under-
stord, by following first the admission of the States,
as far as that should be necessary for the question,
p rasen ted.
The next free Republican State admitted into
the Union from the territory northwest of the
Ohio, was Indiana, and the act of Congress forh"!
aim .«sion was approved on ihe 19th day of April,
1816. The course pursued by Congress was very
similar to that finally adopted wiih the State of
Ohio, and it will not, therefore, be necessary to de-
tain the Senate by the rsading of either of the prt •
positionssubmtied to the convention of the people
of this Sta'e. Ii will suffice to say that, upon this
point, they varied fmm the original propositions
submitted to the convention of Ohio in thiee parti-
culars, viz:
1. Two per cent, of the nett proceeds of the lands
only are reserved to be expended under the autho-
rity of Congress, and that fund is to be expended
in laying out and making roads to, and not through
the State.
3. Three per cent, is reserved ia the ordinance
for and to be paid to the State.
3. The three rer cent, is to be expended by the
State in making roads, or canals, within it.
In all other substantial partculars the compact
with Indiana was similar to that with Ohio.
The State of Illin >is came next in the order of
admission, the act of Congress for the purpose hav-
ing bfen approved on the 18th'of April, 1818.
The compacts with this State differed, in some ie-
spects, from both the former, but a short statement
should relieve the Senate from reading the proposi-
tions, which were long.
1.  The two per cent, fund is reserved, as in the
case of Indiana, to make roads to, not through, the
S'ate; but, as in the other two cases, is ta be ex-
pended for that purpose, "under the direction of
Congr ss."
2.  The three per cent, it reserved for, and to be
paid to, the State, but is to be "appropriate 1, by
the Legislature of the State, for the encouragement
of learning, of which one-sixth part shall be ex-
clusively bestowed on a College or University."
3.  The equivalent are an exemption of military
bounty lands from taxation for three years after
pa'ents issue, if they continue to be the property of
the patentee, or h s heirs, and a stipulation that
lands belonging to citizens of the United States not
residing in the State, shall never be taxed higher
than the lands of resident citizens, in addx'ion 'o
the exemption from taxes cf all Goverment lands
for five years after a sale.
Two remarks seemed to be called for from the
compacts with the last two named States. The
fmt was that the two per cent, fund, to be expend-
ed "by the authority of Congress," or "under th«
direction of Congress," was reserved in both. Tbe
second was, that the three per cent, reserved for,
and to be paid to, the State, was not reserved, in
the last two cases, with any reference to the con-
tinuation of any road ''leading from thenavigable
waters emptying into the Atlantic," J?, either of the
sa'd States, and consequently not to the Cumber-
land road, because, as to Indiana^ the fund might
be applied to the making of roadsjiur canal*,.with-
in the State, at its option; and as to Illinois,
the Legislature was compelled, by the very
terms of the ordinance, to apply it "for the en-
couragement of learning." The two per cent,
fund, therefore, was relied upon fart the roads
mentioned in the various ordinances,-^,.be made
under the direction of Congress, wither they
were to be continued to or through the States which
were parties, and not the three per cent, which was
reserved for the States, was to be expended Pf
them, at their pleasure, or for works or objects of
a character.different from these,roads.
He was now prepared to go back, in point of
