M r. 1840.
APÍ  NOIIt TO tBE CONGR«8álOKAL OLOBfí.
S£l
36th Cojíg.......1st Skss.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
time, and examine the appropriations for the
Cumberland road, to see how far the action of
Congress hitherto had conformed to the basis of
these appropriations laid in the ordinances which
admitted the three States into the Union.
On the 29th of March, 1806, the President of
the States [Mr. Jsffirson] approved an act of
Congress entitled "An act to regulate the laying
ont and making a road from Cumberland, in the
the State of Maryland, to the State of Ohio."
This act gave existence to the Cumberland road,
and an examination of its provisions will show,
what its title so well imports, that it was an earnest
beginning of the fulfilment, on the part of the
United States, of that compact with the new State
of Ohio which has been before recited; that it was
the commencement of a road, " leading from the
navigable waters emptying into the Atlantic, to the
Ohio, to the said State." It was not material for his
parpóse to review the provisions of the act any
farther than to examine the appropriating section,and
see whether it kept to the terms of the ordinances,
and to the fund thereby reserved for the object.
The sixth section of the act was this one, and was
in the following words :
"Sic. 6 And be it further enacted, That the sum of thirty
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby appropriated to de-
fray the expense of lay log out and nuking said road. And the
President is hereby autho'ized to draw, from time to time, on
the Ticasury, fur such parts, or at any one time, lor the whole
of said ssin, aa ha shall judge the semee requires. Which
sum of thirty thousand dollars shall he paid, first, out of
the fund of Hooper cent reserved/or laying out andmaking
road  to the State of Ohio, by virtue of the serenth section of
an act pawed on the thuueth day of April, one thousand eight
hundred and two, >entit'ed 'An act to enable the people of the
Eastern division of the territory northwest of the rivet Ohio to
form a Constitution and State Government, and for the admis-
sion of such State into the Union, on an equal footing with the
original Slates, and for other purposes;' thiee per cent, of the
appropriation contained in the said serenth saction, being di-
rected by a subsequent law to the laying out, opening, and
making roads wuhin the said State of Ohio. And secondly,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
chargeable upon, andreimbursabte at, the Treasury, by said
fund of two per cent, as the tame shall accrue."
Here we are shown fully the origin of this
work, called the Cumberland road, the basis upon
which its adoption by Congress rested, and the
fund from which the expenditures were to be
defrayed. In every respect the work was peculiar,
as a work of internal improvement prosecuted by
the authority and under the direction of Congress.
This very first act, too, as its terms /ally show,
adopted the principle of anticipating the avails of
this two per cent, fund, by a general appropriation
from the Treasury, charged upon the fund, and to
be reimborseable out of it. It was not neces-
sary for hira to defend the wisdom of this po-
licy at that early day. It was sufficient that it
was then adopted, and was one of the exposi-
tions, by the then fathers, of the powers and duties of
Congress growing out of these new and peculiar
compacts with the new States. It was too late
for htm now to question lha soundness of the
principles upon which they acted, or the wisdom
of the policy which guided their course. Nearly
every Congress, from 1806 to the present time,
bad followed in their footsteps, and every Presi-
dent of the United States, from Mr. Jefferson to
the present incumbent, had approved bi Is appro-
priating money for this road.
Had these bills followed the form of appro-
priation found in the law of 1606 above quoted?
He had taken great paias to answer this inquiry
correctly and truly, and,with two single exceptions,
upon which he would particularly remark, he be-
lieved that every appropriation for the survey and con-
struction of ibe road had been expressly, in the
law making n, charged upon the two per cent,
fund, and made ieimbnrseable out of it. He had
found some b.'ls appropriating money for the
repairs of those portions of the road which had
been once called computed, which did not con-
tain this pledge, as he thought they should not.
These were mere appropriations for the preservation
and secunt'. < f the property of the United States, as
this road w en finished clearly was, untd transt'er-
red to the States, or otherwise disposed of. It was
It was barely possible that there might be some
farther exception of appropriations for survey and
construction, but he could not think there were,
a* he had intended to make bis examination full
and accurate,
SI
How, then, did the two exceptions stand ? The
first is an act of Congress, approved on the 15th
of May, 1820, when Mr. Monroe was President.
It is peculiar in itself, and perhaps ought not to
be considered an exception to the rule under dis-
cussion. Its title is, "An act to authorize the ap-
pointment of commissioners to lay out the road
therein mentioned." This will show that
the whole object of the act was a survey.
The act has a preamble, which is in these words:
"Whereas, by the continuation of the Cumberland
road from Wheeling, in the State of Virginia,
through the States of Ohio, Indiana and Illinois,
the lands of the United States may become more valu-
able," thus placing the legislation upon a ground
separate from and independent of the compacts
with the States and the fund therein provided.
The act then goes on to provide for the survey of
a road from Wheeling to some point on the left
bank of the Mississippi river, between St. Louis
and the mouth of the Illinois river, and appropri-
ates ten thousand dollars generally, to be paid out
of any unappropriated money in the Treasury, to
defray the expense of the survey. The 2d section
of this act contains this emphatic proviso:
"Provided always, audit is hereby enacted and declared,
That nothing mthis act contained, or that shall be done in pursu-
ance thereof, shall be deemed or construed to imply any obli-
gation on the part of the United States to make, or to defray
the expense of making, the road hereby authorized to be laid
out, or of any part thereof."
Such was the first exception he had been able to
discover, and he remarked again, that it was very
doubtful how far it could fairly be considered an
exception, within the proper limits of ih« discis-
sion. The act was certainly stu generis, as a piece
of legislation relating to the Cumberland ioad;but
t such as it was, he had felt bound to present it as
an exception to the rule for which he was contend-
ing.
The second, and only other exception, which h>s
research had enabled him to discover, was a bill
approved on the 2d of March, 1833, at theclo e of
General Jackson's first term. This was a plain
case of departure from the rule of charging these
appropriations upon the two per cent, fund, as the
appropriations made in this law for continuing the
construction of the road in the three States, separate
from the appropriations for repairs, were direct in
manner and heavy in amount He was happy,
however, to be able to destroy the force of this ex-
ception as a precedent, upon the authority of the
then President himself. He spoke from personal
information from that distinguished individual,
when he said that his approbation of that bill was
an oversight, suffered in the hurry of business, at
the close of a short session of Congress, when all
who have been here know that a great majority of
the bills of the session go to the President during
the la^t evening. All who were here at the session
of 1832, '3, will remember that it was one of the
most exciting periods of our h story, and that an
unusual numb.r of bills, of the deepest interest, fi-
nally passed ihe two Houses, and reached the Pre-
sident, within the last few hours of the session,
which closed with SaturJay, the 2d of March.
An examination of this bill will present a fur-
ther and strong apology for the oversight of the
President. Instead of being the usual and ordina-
ry appropriation bill fox the Cumberland r.tad, it is
an appropriation bill of an anomalous character,
coupling harbors, rivers, roads, and a variety of
other subjects in the same bill- Its title is a very
imperfect index of its contents, and yet it is evi-
den'ly made up of the substance of the titles of
three or four originally independent bills. It is
"Aa act miking appropria'ions for carrying on
certain works heretofore commenced, for the im-
provement oí harbors and rivers; and also for con-
tinuing and repairing the Cumberland road, and
certain Territorial roarls." It embraces more than
thirty separate and independent appropriations,
which take from the Tr¿asury more than one mil-
lion of dollars. In such a bill, and reaching the
President at such a period^ it was not in the least
surprising to him that the absence of this qualifi-
cation to the Cumbtrland road appropriations was
not noticed.
Still, whether the apology should be deemed suf-
ficient or not, be was able to state the fact that this
omisnon was not noticed, and that the bill would
not have received the approbation of the then Pre*
sident, however important these and the other ap*
propnations it contained, if the omission had been
observed. So important did he consider the reten-
tion of the two per cent, clause, as it is called, as a
principle upon which the appropriations for this
road rest, and a marked characteristic to distin-
guish them from open and unrestricted appropria-
tions for internal improvements.
He was aware it had been said, and would
again be said, that ihe expendi'ures already made
upon the road had more than consumed the two
per cent, fund reserved and applicable to its con-
struction, and therefore that the clause in the pri-
sent bills was wholly useless. He wished to meet
this objection to the clause, as he did all other
points of this argument, fairly. He was iherefore
willing to admit that he did not expect the two per
cent, fund of the three States would be sufficient to
reimburse the Treasury for all past expenses upon
this work; but that did not, to him, constitute a
good reason for separating this essential feature
from the bill, and passing it without it. The prac-
t'ce commenced with the commencement of the
work, to anticipate the moneys which this fund
was to yield, and if those anticipations had been
pushed too far, it was no reason, to his mind, why
we should abandon our hold upon that portion of
the fond which remains.
All the three Sta'es yet embrace within their li-
mits unsold lands, and cn<equently portions of this
fund are yet to be collected from all. The amount
too is considerable. He had bejn favored with
an official statement from the General Land Of-
fice, brought down to the close of the third quar-
ter of the last year, which showed that the unsold
lands in the State of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
at that lime, amouired to 26,835,234 acres. Even
at the present minimum price of the public lands,
the two per cent, from this quant ty would, if he
bad made no error in the calculation, yield to this
fund more than $670,000. If, as some suppose,
the State of Missouri should be embraced in the
estimate of future revenue to the fund, it wou'd
be more than doubled. There are 32,154,897
acres of unsold land in tbat'State, and at the mini-
mum price, that quantity will pay more than
$800,000 to this fund. But when it is considered
that the unsold land in all these States must be-
come more valuable as settlements increase, and
improvements in its vicinity are extended, who
shall say what limit shall be fixed to ibis contin-
gent fund? In any event it seemed to htm a plain
dictate of duty to secure whatever it is to yie'd to
yield to reimburse the Treasury for this expensive
woik.
Shall we do this, if we pass the amendment now
proposed, and thus, by our own act, release ths
pledge fo* the future? What is our daily experi-
ence bow as to the other States? But a few days
since the Senate passed a bill to pay this fan 1 to
the State of Mississippi. Another bill is now upon
its passage, or has already gone to the House of
Represe ntaives, to make the same payment to the
State of Alabama. These States have com  her 
with demands for the money which we have not
found ourselves able to resist. To Michigan and
Arkansas, the whole five per cent. wa9 yielded as
one of the terms of their admission int  the Union.
Other new States will come, after these examples,
and who can make hiou-elf believe that, if we
strike out this clanse, and thus re'ea<* our hold
upon the future accruing revenue to the fund from
the Stales of Ohio, Ind ana, Illinois, and Missouri,
tho*e States will not come, when their road shall
have been completed, and tell us, up to 1840, you
held and expended this portion of our two per
cent, fund, but in that year you, by your own ex-
press aet, refused 1 nger to pledge it for the Cumber-
land roid, and the money which has eome into
your Treasury, since that period, is ours, upon the
principl-s which have governed your conduct to-
wards the other ntw States? Who can convince
himself that oar successors will be able to resist
such an application from these StatesT
To the unconditional opponents of this bill, be
wasawateihat this reasoning would be unavail-
ing; nay, that his very declarauon of the impor.
