Mar. 1840.
AfrfeNbtX tfO TtfÉ COÑGRÉSSÍOÑAL GLOfcÉ.
ááS
£6th Cong««"1st Sbss.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
proper on the same principle that required the
lands to be surveyed, and designated by sections,
townships and ranges Mr. C. said he could sup-
pose this a very justifiable and expedient exercise
of power, whilst the public domain was a wilderness,
and the means of access to individual enterprise
▼cry difficult, or altogether impossible; but when
those Siates had been settled from twenty to forty
years, were in a high state of cultivation and
improvement, with millions of inhabitants, and
with numerous roads leading to and through them,
how could it longer be pretended to have any
necessary connection with the settlement of the
country, or the sale of the public lands?
Mr. C. said the Senator from New York had
also urged, as an objection to his motion, that, by
striking ont the clause of tha bill, as proposed, we
should release the two per cent. fund. He said tha
gentleman might dismiss his apprehensions on that
score, when it had been, again and again, shown
that we had already appropriated money, and taken
liens on the fund, to the amount of more than four
millions above the largest sum that could ever pos-
sibly accne. And the Senator from New York
asks, what was the objection to this clause, with
those who would vote for the bill without it? Mr.
C. expressed his surprise at this qu°stion. He
asked, in turn, is it no objection to a bill, which is
to be sent to the President, to tell him, in effect,
that this money is due by the compacts with Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri, and that it is to be
reimbursed from a particular fund, when we know
it is not to due, and, moreover, "know that we
never can be reimbursed? Sir, such are the facts;
and the Senator from New York has admitted
them, by telling us he knew that we had already
appropriated more money to the Cumberland road
than had, or ever would, accrue from the two per
cent, fund of the four States. Let gentlemen decide
for themselves, whether, because they believe an
appropriation cons itutional, tbey can consistently
attach to the bill an unfounded assurance to the
Executive, and to the country, that the amount is
due to us by contract, and will b; refunded, when
they know it is not due, and will not be refunded.
Mr. C. expressed his profound regret that any
of those who supported the present Administration,
and with whom he usually agreed, shoulJ support
a measure of tbe character of the bill befe re the
Senate. Having shown, as he confidently be, íeved
he had, that there was no existing fund of eith r of
the States for whose benefit ihis road was to be
made, out of which we could be reimbursed; and
having established, beyond contradiction from any
quarter, that no sufEcent amount could ever ac-
crue from sales of the public lands hereafter to be
made in those States, it followed conclusively that
the bill could not he sus amed, or justified, under
the compacts to which there had been such frequent
reference. Under such circumstances, what was
the naked question presented to the Senate? Mr.
C. said, it was simply whether the General Govern-
ment could make appropriations for the construc-
tion of roads within the States, consistently with
the Constitution, or principles of sound policy.
That was a question he had thought settled by the
last Administration, and he was sorry to see it dis-
turbed by any of those who professed to be friendly
to its principles.
He sad, it would be recollected that President
Jackson, in his veto message on the Maysville road
hill, and, in his subsequent messages, on similar
measures, had laid down principles entirely unfa-
vorable to the exerche of such power as that now
contemplated. Tne Cumberland road, he thought,
had beea sufficiently shown to be a mere local im-
provement, in the proper sense of those terms.
Although it ran through several of the States, it was
wholly unconnected with any nationaljobject—it
was entirely in the interior of the country, and
could not be said to be necessary to, or even to fa-
cilitate, its defence. Not being national in its cha-
racter, it was without and beyond the constitutonal
power of Congress; for all must admit that this
Government was instituted for national, and not for
State, purposes.
Mr. C. said, this was one of the great questions,
of most vital interest in the quarter of the Union
whence he came.   It was well understood that his
constituent , with the people of the Southern States
generally, were in favor of a strict construction of
the Constitution of the United States, and a rigid
limitation of the powers of this Government to its
legitimate functions.   During the last Piesidential
canvass, when the present Chief Magistrate was a
prominent candidate before  the   people  cf  the
Union,  amongst   the   strongest objections   urged
against him in the South was, that he was latitudi-
nous in his constitutional opinions, and would fa-
vor internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment.   This objection was met by his friends and
supporters, with his pledge, that he would "follow
in   the   footsteps   of   his    illustrious   predeces-
sor"—by    the   resolution   he    offered    m   the
Senate   of   the United    States,   in   December,
1825,  declaring that   "Congress does not   pos-
sess the power to make roads and canals within
the States," and by his remarks, on various occa-
sion's, expressive of his opinion   that Congress
could not constitutionally exercise any such power.
Mr. C. said he was amongst those who then, and
still, believed the President a strict constructionist,
and opposed to the exercise of the power in ques-
tion.   It was under this confident belief, that the
present Chief Magistrate had received such a gene-
rous support in the Democratic States of the South.
The Republicans of   that quarter of the Union
thought they were co-operating with brethren of the
same political principles, and that, when success-
ful, the Administration would be conducted ac-
cordingly.   Mr. C. said he now entertained no
doubt that, whenever a question  involving and
comirg in conflict with those principles might be
presented to the President, it would be met in a
proper manner; he was firm  and consistent, and
would do his duty.    He a^keJ, was it far, then,
toward the President, and many of his friends, for
another portion of them to unite with those who
were opposed to us in constitutional opinions, in
throwing around an appropriation (which could
otherwise never meet his sanction) such masks and
disguises that he couli not see its true character?
W<;re not those who pursued this course, in truth,
opposing the acknowledged  principlfS on which
the Administration came into power, and bunging
it into discredit with the Democratic party?
Mr. C. thought that, for a party to act long to-
gether, and reman united, they must entertain and
act upon some common principles, and for com-
mon objects. He said it must be apparent that if
one poition of a political party in this country were
in favor of a strict, and the other a latitudinous
construction of the Constitution—one portion in fa-
vor of an economical, and the other an extravagant
and prodigal administration—one portion in favor
of large appropriations to a certain class of objects
in one quarter of the Union, and against such ap-
propriations for hka objects in another quarter,
hey could not long act together harmoniously. He
said the mass of our p'ain, honest, intelligent, but
unsophisticated fellow cit zens,could never be made
to understand why millions of dollars could be con-
stitutionally appropriated for a road in Oh o or In-
diana, Illinois or Missouri, while it was held to
be unconstitutional to do the same thing in Ten-
nessee or Alabama, South Carolina or Georgia.
They could not be made to unders'and—he hoped
they never might—that the Constitution meant one
thing north of the Ohio, and another thing en-
tirely different on the south side of the same river.
They understood that the Constitution wjsintended
to impose equal burdens, and dispense equal
benefits and b'es*ings throughout all the States of
the Union. Equality of rights and privileges, bur-
dens and benefits, amongst all the free ci izens of
this great and enlightened Republic, was the great
principle which laid at the foundation of all our in-
stitutions. Disregard and destroy that distinguish-
ing characteristic, and yeu jeopard the happiness
and prosperity of this great people, if not the exist-
ence of the Government itself.
Mr.  PHELPS followed in opposition to, and
Mr. SMITH of Indiana in support of, the bill,
when,
On motion of Mr. CLAY of Kentucky,
The Senate adjourned.
DEBATE IN SENATE,
Monday, March 30,1840.
The bill authorizing the-issue of Treasury notes
was taken ^oa' one o^100^ on me motion of
Mr. HUBBATftD, and, havinsr been read,
Mr. HUBBAJtD remarked, that he regretted,
and the Senate wrouM regret, that his friend, the
chairman of the committee on Finance, was ab-
sent from bis place. The charge of ihis bill would
have devolved upon him had he been present. And
not until within a few hours did he (Mr. H.) sup-
pose that his honorable friend would not be able to
be in his place. He was aware that the severe in-
disposition of a member of his fam ly had occa-
sioned his absence. The Committee on Finance
had met this morning, and had aligned to him the
care of this bill; and as they reg-ird immediate action
upon this measure of great importance, if not of-
indispensable necessi'y, they had instructed him to
press this bill upon the consideration of the Senate,
without any delay.
The bill which has parsed the House, and is now
before the Senate, provide?—
"That the regulations and provisions contained in the acf
passed the twelfth day of October, in the year one thousand
eight hundred and thirty seven, entitled 'An act to authorize
the issuing of Treasury notes,' and the subsequent acts in addi
tion thereto, be, and the same are hereby, renewed, and made m
full force, excepting the limitations concerning the times within
which such notes may be issued, and restricting the amount
thereof as hereafter provided "
And the same bill further provides—
"That under the regulations and provisions contained in said
ant, Treasury notes may be issued in lieu of others hereafter or
.heretofore redeemed, but not to exreed in the amount of notes
outstanding at any one tune the a?glegate of fi\e millions of
dollars, and to be re leemed sooner than one year, if the means
of the Treasury will permit, by giving notice sixty days of
those notes which the Department is ready to iedeem, no inte-
rest to be allowed thereon after the expiration if said sixty
days And that this act shall continue in force one year and
no longer "
As this bill, so essential to the public service, so
intimately connected wi'h the preserva ion of the
public credit, had been opposed wuh so much de-
termination, he felt himself bow called upon to ask
the candid attention of the Senate, while he went
into a full examination of its provisions. And in
the out et he must be permitted to say, thtt this
measure is no b?nk in disguise; that it has no di-
rect or remote relation to any such institution. It
i-, simply a measure to borrow five millions of dol-
lars for the use of the Government. It originated
where such measures should ongina'e, in the popu-
lar branch; and the bill is to be sustained, and tus-
ta'ned only upon that clause of the Constitution
which gives authority to Congress "to borrow mo-
ney on ihe credit of the United States " He
should not attempt to sustain the b 11 upon any
other principle. It was then, in his judgment,
nc thing more nor less than a bdl to borrow a spe-
cified sum for the use and upon the credit of the
United Siates.
As the first section of this bill seeks to revive the
provisions of the act of the 12ih of October, 1837,
authorizing the issue of Treasury notes—and the
acts having connection therewith, which were sub-
sequently passed by Congress, he proposed to ex-
amine those acts with much particularity, in order
to show that the character of this measure was such
and such only, a* he bad given it.
The act which was passed on the 12th of Octo-
ber, 1837, was "an act to authorize the issuing of
Treasury notes;" was an act, in other words, autho-
rizing the issue of certificates of public debt. And
the notes which were issued under and in puisu-
ance of the act of October, ls37, were but the pro-
mises of the Government to pay the amount of moJ
ney specified. And he was unab'e to distinguish
between the is*ue of these notes by the Government,
and the issue c f no'e3 f>r a like object, by indivi-
duals, so far as it went to give a defiaite character
to the transaction. If an individual w^bed to
raise meney for his convenience, he issues his own
written promise to pay. It is evidence of the debt
of the individual, and it is evidence of the engage-
ment of the same individual to redeem that debt.
And precisely so with the Government; it wanted
money; it issued in the mode required by law its
evidences of debt, and its promises of payment.. In
both cases the want of immediate means for use
induced the «ransacnon. And as no doubt could
be entertained that ¡n the case of tae individual it.
