S24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840 
36t|T Cowa. ..l8T. Sbss.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
would be a toan upon his credit—equally clear is
u that in the case of the Government it would em-
phatically be a loin of the ten millions obtained un-
der the act of October, 1837. The issue was made
upon the credit of the Government; the means
were procured apon that issue by the faith of the
Government which was pledged for theredemp 
tion of the debt mcurrtd. And if u so happened
that these Treasmy notes entered into the circu-
lation of the country, that circumstance did not tend
to change the character of the transaction. Tbe
negotiable paper of an individual, upon which he
m v obtain a loan, may enter into circulation; <t
may pa** from hand to hand by assignment and
delivery, but the original transaction is, neverthe-
less, tbe same.
By the first section of the act referred to, the
President of the United Siates is authorized to cause
Treasury note , for such sum or sums as the exi-
geoc es of the Government may require, to be pre-
pared and issued, limiting the amount of i«sue to
ten millions of dollars—giving to that responsible
officer of ihe Government, in other words, the
power to brrrow un millions of dolíais, if the exi-
gencies of the country should demand it. The
notes which were to be issued, signed, and couti-
ters'gned, could not be regarded in any other light.
And if they should get into circulation—pass fiom
one to anotber—it may be answered that ihe certi-
ficates of the funded debt were a'ike assignable,
and passed from one to anotber. By the second
section of the act of the I2th of October, 1837,
the tnie character is given to this transaction. It i.
there expressly provided that these notes shall be re-
imbursed and redeemed by the United States, at
the Treasury, after the expiration of one year
from the dates of the notes, respectively. The
same section provides that the rate of interest
sha'i be fixed by the Secretary of the Tieasury,
with the approbation of the President, and that
thev shall not draw interest after the expiration of
sa d year—distinctly evincing the period of dora-
tun tor this loan, and solemnly pledging the faith
of the Government for the reimbursement of trie
not'S issued, or of the loan contracted. The true
character is here given to this transaction.
The exigencies of the country then required the
use of ten millions of dollars. The President was
au'hor zed to make the loan in the mode prescr bed.
The taith of the United Sutes was pledged for its
redemption.
The third seetion of the act of October, 1837,
designates the manner of executing the^e certifi-
cates of the public debt, and requires the Secretary
to account for the notes delivered to him.
The fourth sec:ion repudiates the idea ihat this
issue of Treasujy notes wat to be regarded at pa-
per money, and unqualifiedly establishes the posi-
tion before assumed, that the issue was bat to car-
ry out ihe loan -which had been contracted by the
Government. That sec'ion provides that tbe
Secretary of the Treasury, under the direction of
the President, cause a portion of said notes to be
issued in payment of debts due by the Uni'ed States
to such public creditors as may choose to receive
such notes in payment. And the Secretary of tbe
Treasury is further authorized, with the approba-
t on of the President, to borrow, from time <o time,
such sums as the Presdent may think expedient on
the credit of such notes. There seems to be no
room left for cavil—it is as clear as light—that thi*
emission of Treasury notes is not to constitute, by
the act of the Government, any portion of the cir-
culating medium of the country, but merely to ena-
bre the Executive to perfect the loan which, by the
terms of the act, be is authorized to obtain, and to
issue these notes as evidences of the debt, and as
engagements to refund.
The fifth section, in terms, makes them of the
aante negotiable character as the old certificates of
tbe funded debt, and makes them assignable like
tbe negotiable paper of individuals.
Thes* Treasury notes are made receivable for
rtatfec, taxe* ,and for public lands The other
portions of the «at of October, 1837, need not be
particularly quoted.' They provide that the holder
shall receive the principal and the interest spe-
cified. They give authority to the Secretary to
purchase the outstanding notes    And the act far-
ther provides for the punishment of all person-,
who shall counterfeit sa d note?. And it require* the
Secretary of the Treasury to cause a sta'ement to
be published monthly of th« amount of all Trea-
sury notes issued or redeemed in pursuance of the
provisions of the act. It gives no authority to re-
issue the notes once issued, or to issue new notes
in their stead.
By the act of May 21,1838, the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to issue new notes in place
of such as have been or may be issued, under the
authority of the act of October, 1837, and which
have been, or which may hereafter be, p-ud into
the Treasury, and cancelled. By the act of Mari h
2, 1839, an authority is siven to issue, at any time
prior to the 30>h of June then nex', the remainder
of the Treasury notes authorized to be issued by
the act of May 21, 1838, to meet the current ex-
penses of the Government.
Such has been the legislation of Congress here-
tofore in rehtion to th'S subject. And the bill now
npon the table proposes to re-enact an 1 revive for
one jear the pre existing legislation of Constress
upon this same subject-matter. And he would ad-
dress himself to the intell.gence and patriotism of
i the Senite, whether the bill is objectionable in
term?—whether the condition of the Tieasury does
not imperious'y require the immediate adoption of
j this" measure.     He was sure he should not make
' this appeal in vain. He held in hi^ hand a
statement which had recently been received from
the Secretary of the Treasury, and which went to
exhibit the true condmyn of the Treasury at the
present tims; and if thib paper could be r Jied on,
and he could not doubt that it men eJ our entire
I confidence, there was a necessity for immediate
act on upon the bill beftre the Senate.
Receipts and Expenditures since January J,1310
RECEIPTS AND MEANS
Batane* in the Treasury and arguable on the 1st of January.
n*ar        ......      $2,300,000
Received n January, from customs, near $1,250000
Do              from lauds      •           250,000
Received in February, from customs -        1610 000
Do              from lands                  120U00
Received in March,   from cus'oms -        1,400000
Do              from lands      -           150,800
Ordinary receipt        -          •                              4,630,000
Collected since 1st January from indsblej deposite
banks, about                             «                    •          400000
Aggregate means in first quarter
EXPENDITURES
«7 280000
In January,.....          81,255,753
In February,       ...                     .            1427 687
In March,                       -                      -          -            1,650 000
Aggregate for ordiaary objects,     -                      4,333440
Sine  the 1st of January, redeeming Treasury notes,
paid about      •         -                                -            1,400000
Available balance in Treasury, say                              1,646,060
V¡ 230000
Note —The above expenses include what has bPen actually
paid for pensiona, but would have been larger, if all called for
had been advanced, by about     -          -                      #500,000
This amount has been postponed a few Weeks
If the usual appropriation bills had passed, there
would have been due and pud under them more, by
near......1,000000
These two last amounts will soon be required, and, besides
them and the ordinary expenditures in the rest of the year, al-
most one million and a quarter more will be needed to redeem
Treasury notes falling due in May.
It will be seen, by a reference to this communi-
ca'ion from the Secretary of the Treasury, that the
amount in the Treasury on the 1st of January ex-
ceeded, by about seven hundred thousand do'lars,
the sum estimated to be in the Treasury by ihe Se-
cretary, m his annual report upon the finance?.
The difference undoubtedly arose from the receipts
from imports and from the sale of land-, exceeding
the estimate of the Secretary for the quarter ending
the last December, 1839.
It may be said here, as it ha; been said else-
where, why is this measure now called foi? Why
did not the Secretary, m his annual report, s ate
distinctly and directly that this amount would be
require*? There has been a misapprehension upon
the subject of that officer's annual report in relation
to this very matter. It had been said, on the floor
of the Senate, on a former occasion, that the Se-
cretary had estimated the means and the expendi-
tures for the current year, and ha I informed Con-
gress that the former would enab'e him to meet the
^ «expenditures as e&timated, and leave in the Trea-
sury, on the 1st day of January, 1841, over a mil-
lion of dollars.
This is true to the letter; and the Secretary has
n t, in his recent communication, retraced any
part of the statement made in his annual report. In
that official document, he distinctly stated, net only
the aggregate amount of the ava 'able means in the
Treasury, but he also officially tran mined to Con-
gress an estimate of the expenditures of the year.
This estimate of expenditures that distinguished
public officer is in no wiy responsible for; it is
made up at the several Departments, and tbe heads
of tho*e Departments inform the Seureury of the
Treasury what sum will be necessary for the sup-
port of his own Department. The Secretary ar-
ranges thess various communications, and, upon a
proper classification, he reports to Congress what
sums are estimated a;> the agsrebate of the publicex-
pend tures for the current j ear; ard his statement
that there will be in the Treasury, on the 1st of
January, 1841, a million of dolíais, is predicated
up >n the fact that all the means he has estimated
shall bi available, and that thp expenditures do uot
exceed the estimates. He could make no other re-
port; and he would have been false ti hi-, trust, if
he had given an honest account ot the means, and
a faithful exhibit of the e^timited expenditures,
and it should result, from such an expose, that the
former would exceed the latter bv a million of dol-
lars, if he had slid, / want from Congress a sUllfur-
ther swn of Jive millions of dollars.
Such a course of conduct i> not in accordance
with the known vizilance, fidelity, and uprightness
of that public officer. But let it not be *uppo>ed
that the Secretary has made any concealments.
What has he said in his report? After g vms; a de-
tailed statement of the means wiih which the Trea-
sury may be supplied in the course of the year, as
follows:
"From the best information possessed by this department, h
iseomputed that the aggregateof means available for public
Eurposes, will not exceed 818,600,000, viz. fr m
ustoms                                         •                     -415000000
Lands .--.                     -                3600000
Miscellaneous            .....       100,000
Add to these the balance available and applicable
to other purposes, which it is svipposed will be
in the Treasury on the 1« of January, 1910        ■     1,656,366
The efficient means in that year will then amount,
in the aggregate, to                                                20,156,385
If Congress should make appropriations to the ex-
tent desired by ihe different depart nents, the ex-
penditures for 1840, independent of the redemp-
tion of Treasury notes, are estimated at             -   20,000,000
Including all the Tieasury notes to be redeemed,
the agsieeate expenduuie would be about          .   22,750,000
This would leave a deficit in the Treasury, at the
close of the year, amounting to     -          -          -     2,563,615
But there wi'l be due from the United States Bank,
in September next, on its fourth bond about        -     2,£26,576
The principal now due on the Treasurer's deposites
in other banks, which suspended specie payments
in 1817, is......1,119,904
Should all these claims be collected in 1840, they
would prevent a deficiency, and leave an availa-
ble balance m the Treasury, of nearly     •          -     1,082,866
He adds, for the information of Congress, and
most properly adds, that "it is not, however, con-
sidered prudent to rely exclusively on the collec-
tian of these debts." And in another part of the
same report, the Secretary, after informing Con-
gress of ihe aid which had been given to the De-
partment in time of temporary embarrassment—by
auth rizmg ihe issue of Treausury no es—had
further added that
"The Department is now without any resort, temporary or
permanent, in case of material deficiencies, and considering ill
the circumstances before mentioned, with the dangerous lia-
bility in law to have the whole of the outstanding Treasury
notes paid mat any moment for public dues, without a power
remaining to issue others in their stead, considering, also, the
present revulsions in the commercial world, which affect so se-
riously the receipts from both duties and lands, considering the
disasters which are befalling the banks, and rendering our col-
lected funds in some cases wholly unavailable, and the idvan-
ces necessary to be soon made for the large payments of pen-
sions, and treasury notes falling due in March, the earliest at-
tention to new legislauon on this subject seems highly prudent,
if not indispensable, for the effectual security of the public
credit"
In the extracts made from the Secretary's report,
it is manifest that he has put Congress in posses-
sion of all the information whicb could be material
for their action. And by more recent communica-
tions the same facts are repeated.
The Secretary says, in a ieport made by him to
the President, under date of 15'h of Febiuary, that
•'after the lapse of nearly three months, the views
expressed in bis annual report remain unchanged."
