April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
26th Cono...... 1st Sbss.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Lumpkin.
Senate.
and galloped through without consideration, is so
loose, so vague, so unce:tain in its generalities and
classifications, that every thing is matter of doubt,
and of contradictory interpretation; men differ as
to what is cotton goods, worsted goods, silk goods,
linen goods: they even differ as to what is a shirt, and
what is a stocking—what is ready-made clothing, :
and what is uncut and unstitched goods. In these
discrepancies, the questions go to the juries of the
importing cities, and the Government "gt$ (• the
mil" in every trial. Mr. B. then referred to a do-
cument which he held in his hand, No. 49, of the
House of Representatives, to show the extent of
these losses to the Government, and read from page
44 as follows:
"Sstmstt ifprobable let* andprospec'ive deficit of revenue,
arising from the diversity of opinion in the construction
tf the acts imposing duties on imports, by reason ofjudi-
cisldecision .
SILKS.
"The aggregate value of manufactures of silk, or articles
durified as such, imported between the 1st of January, 1835,
ae4lhe3lst of December, 1838, and exempted from duty, ii as-
certained lo hare amounted to upwards ol $66,000,000.
Oftais, there was imponed in the year 1835   -      ■ #14,981.684
1836    -       -   20,331,896
1837   -      -   11,114,179
1838   -       -   10, 7,705
"Assuming, therefore, that of these manufactures one-sixth
part should have bee  otherwise classified, and paid duty as
millinery or ready-made clothing, Ac. upon an estimation, at
the lowest rate, the probable loss oa thaca manufactures to the
rtresue has amounted to $2.362.845.
Of this, the probable loss in 1835 was            -          -   1624,356
1836 was           -          •    847,162
1837 was           •         .     463 090
1838 was           -          - 428,237
Taking, the , the importations and loss of 183d as equivalent
t* those of 1333, and considering the extended operation of the
Srinciples of construction established by the courts upon the
wsbere given, it may safely be assumed that the prospective
deficit will net fall short of 8800,000 on this description of manu-
tetare*.
L1KKK3.
The aggregate valne of manufactures ofhemp or'flax, or ar-
ticles Classified as bleached and unbleached linens, between the
lstof January, 1835, and the 31stof December, 1838, and ex-
«noted from duty, is ascertained to have amounted to up-
wards of $22682,239.                                                          r
Of this, there was imported in the year 1885            «5,932,568
1836           -    8,271,813
1837           -     4,851.857
1838           -     3,526,001
■Assutainx, therefore, thai of these manufactures one-fourth
put thereof should have been otherwise classified, and paid
(sty as linens colored, <fcc upon an estimation, at the lowest
Me, the probable loss on these manufactures to the revenue
bet amounted to «1,411,389.
Of this, the probable loss in 1335 was         -         .   4370,735
1836  was         -         .     516,988
1837  was           -           .     303,241
1838  was         -         -     220375
"Taking, then, the importations and loa of 1839 as equivalent
lo those of 1S37, and considering the extended operation of the
principle before referred to, upon the basis here given, it may
stfcly be assumed that Hie prospective deficit will not fall short
of $400,000 on this description of manufactures.
WORSTED.
"The aggregate value of manufactures of worsted, or combed
«Ml, or articles classified as worsted stuff eoods, between the
l*or January, 1835, and the 31st of December, 1838, and ex-
«Bpted from duty, is ascertained to have amounted to upwards
eft20,000,000.
Of this there was imported in the year 1835        .       6 549,278
1836         -        6,669,312
1837         -        3,350,266
1833 ,     -        3,993,445
Aaroming, therefore, that of these manufactures one-sixth
ptrtthereol should have been otherwise classified, and paid du-
ty M woollens, Ac, upon an estimation, at the lowest rateB, the
psebeble loss on these manufacures to the revenue has
«mounted to «1,285,142.
O, this, the probable loss in 1835 was        .          .      «409,329
1836  was        -         •        416,832
1837  was        ■          -        209,391
u. «     ...   •                  1838 was        -          -        249,590
•^"JBithe importations and loss of 1839 as equivalent to
■eat Midas, and considering the extended operation of the
Principles referred to, it may be safely assumed that the pro-
oi^nanuftct01'       "** faUellwtof «300,000 on this description
Un^^rt-!!.'^. *P the Probable annual loss on silks,
flBSÜ*1,wfra,'llM aversged upwards of
meSo'verAumftm"^ Projective defidi may be esti-
osS^enc^M.fltin?^; ,?ltnPut-iakinS into view the turther
m1nS,i£ X «™ihe,cl<u 'fi< tion of mixed fabrics or
m receipt is equivalent to one.&urth'h w5S?oí%S?SSSL
which may be put down as Utile short of t2,OU0,00O" ^^
8ueb, said Mr. B. were the losses under the contra-
dictory constructions of this bill—which were suf-
ficient of themselves to account for the present de-
ficit in the revenue. They had amounted, in four
years past, to about eghe millions of dollars, on
three ameles only; namely, silks, linens, and
worsted. They had amounted, besides, to two
muttons annually on mixed fabrics; and the an-
Site  «lh/nact was «mended, were com-
S21fl;   bout*3,750 000. Such was the opera-
Uob of the act which is called sacred and inviola-
ble—which was not allowed to be amended in
either House when it passed—and which is not to
be allowed to be amended now. Yet the Adminis-
tration has proposed to amend it; it has sent down
the draft of a bill for this purpose; it was inthissame
document, No. 49: and Mr. B. was surprised that
a bill in conformity to it had not been reponed by
some committee, or brought in by some member.
[Mr. Hubbard said such a bitl had been reported
in the House of Re preventatives.]
Mr. B. said that would supersede what he was
going to say, which was that h- would himself
give notice of an intended motion from himself to
bring in such a bill.
Mr. B. said he had, in his place, at the time this
bill passed—-the night it was "registered "—declared
that no Administration cculd execute it; that it was
a mass of loose generalities and vague classification*,
about which no two persons could agree. • He
named this among other objections to the bill at the
time; and was answered from the other side of the
House, by one of the authors of the bill [Mr. Clay,
of Kentucky,] that, if the Administtation would
execute the bill in the same spirit in which it was
made, meaning,  no   doubt,   the   same   amiable
spirit, there would be no difficulty in it    This was
one of the objections he then made against the bill;
and time had shown that he was right.   Mr. B.
was led into this view of the operation of this act
by the censure thrown upon the Administration for
the deficiency in the Treasury; a deficiency which
every body would see resulted from the distribu-
tion of the surplus revenue; from the default of
some of the former deposite banks, and the expeot-
ed default of the Bank of the Untied States, which
must be provided for; and from the losses to the
revenue in executing the compromise act of 1833.
Mr. B. had  said nothirg on this bill  to issue
Treasury notes, except to justify his vote Bgainst
it, and lo state that his ancient repugnance to this
mode of supply bad become stronger, and was now
insuperable.
Mr. HUBBARD. Mr. President, I must con-
fers that I have been greatly surprised at the deter-
mined opposition of the Senator from Missouri to
this, as well as to other kindred measures. The
Senator opposes it on the ground that it is substan-
tially an issue of paper money; and he urges the
propriety, instead of a resort to a measure like thb,
to negotiate a loan at once. Paper money: what
sort of justice is there in calling these evidences of
public debt paper money 1 No, sir, it is a loan—a
temporary loan. I admit it gives to the President
authority to borrow, upon the credit of the coun-
try, five 'millions; it points out the form of issuing
the certificates of this debt; it fixes their denomi-
nation; it pledges the faith of the Confederacy for
their redemption; all these, sir, are essentials in
the negotiation and perfection of a loan. But the
Senator approves not the mode; he would at once
contract the entire loan. I wou'd, s<r, at a time
like this, do no such thing. His distinguished
friend had been* for years gone by, the able advo-
cate againstmonopolies—against banks—moneyed
corporations—the aristocracy of wealth; and does
not the plan he now submits and reco nmends go
to encourage monopolies—to favor banks—to ex-
tend to ihe moneyed power the exclusive privilege of
taking such loans ? This constitutes the objection
I have to loan«, negotiated in the common mode.
I would appeal to my friend to carry into prac-
tice his principles on this occasion—to come ia
aid of this bill. Let the application go forth to every
class of the community; let the farmers, the me-
chanics, the laboring classes, who may have a few
hundreis in their purses, be permitted tocóme to
the aid of their Government in the time of i's need.
Such a course would indeed be a full illustration of
the abstract views of the Senator from Missouri.
Compel not the Government to 5eek relief from the
moneyed power of Europe; impose not upon her the
humiliating necessity of proclaiming her necessi-
ties to ihe bankers of England, when, within our
own land, corporations, as well as individuals,
would vie with each other in extending to the Ad-
ministration all the pecuniary assistance the pecu-
liar exigencies of the country would require.
After  some   further   remarks   from  Messrs.
BUCHANAN, SMITH of Indiana, and PUES-
il
TON, the qnes ion was laken on the passage of the
bill, and decided in the affirmative—ayes 25, noes
8, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson,Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Dixon,
Fult >n, Hibbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Nicholas,
Norvell, Phelp«, Pier«e, Roane, Robinson, Sevier,
Smith of Indiana, Strange, Sturgeon, Tallmadge,
and Young—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Davis, Merrick, Preston, Ruggles, and
White—8.
The Senate adjourned.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
IN SENATE,
Thursday April 2, 1840.
The bill for the continuation of the Camberland
Toad in th>e States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
was then taken up, the question being on the sub-
stitute proposed, by Mr. Clay of Alabama yester-
day.
Mr. WHITE\£ddressed the Senate at much
length in favor of the bill.
After some remaiks in reply by Mr. CLAY of
Kentucky,
Mr. LUMPKIN said: Mr. President, many con-
siderations have inclined me to give a silent vote
on this bill. It is a favorite measure with many of
my personal and political friends. But, sir, after
what has fallen from the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. White,] I feel myself called upon at least to
correct his impressions and statements in regard to
matters which he has thought proper to introduce
in connection with my own Stale. The Senator
has evinced his utter want of a correct knowledge
of the facts and circumstances of which he has
spoken, so far as Georgia is concerned. It was to
me a matter of surprise that the Senator should at-
tempt to aid the passage of the Cumbeiland road
bil', by stating that the Federal Government had
expended upwards of six millions of dollars, to aid
Georgia in getting rid of her Indians, and other
purposes of liberal expenditure in aid of that
Sia'e.
Sir, the impressions and misapprehensions of
that Senator would need no correction here, so far
as this Senate is concerned, for I am sure, sir, that
no other member ot this body, except himself, is so
uninformed upon the subject of tlie Senator's ad-
dress. But, sir, bis age must plead bis apology; he
has spoken of things which transpired before his
birth; and he has neglected to make himself ac-
quainted wnh the history of the transactions upon.
which he has attempted to enlighten the Sena e. 1
will, therefore, for the edification and instruction of
the Senator, inform him here, upon the floor of the
Senate, that, instead of the State  f Georgia ever
having been a recipient member of the lavors of
thi  Union, she has been one of its most liberal do-
nors. Yes, sir, Georgia has given much to build
up and strengthen this great confederacy of States,
while she has atked nothing—received nothittK.
The gentleman's items of charge against Georgia
are nothing more than the tardy payment of the
just deb s of this Government to Georgia, for a
most valuable consideration—debts lone withheld,
and grudgingly and reluctantly paid. The just de-
mands of Georgia upon this Government were lorjg
kept back, under the humiliating pl^a of inability.
Look at th" maps r n your walls, sir: see the large,
fertile, and flourishing States of Alabama and Mis-
sissippi, ceded by Georgia to the United States, un-
der the compact and ctssion of 1809. And what
did Georgia receive for this extensive and lovely
domain? A mere song, sir—$1,250,000, a promise
to sai tie certain fraudu ent claims against the
State, and the more important consideration of a
promise to extinguish ihe Indian claim to all lands
within ihe limits of Georgia, abridged as these
limits were by that cession. And, nr, 'he want of
good fanh on the pirt of this Government has re-
tarded and crippled ihe prosperity of Georgia op to
this day. We have, sir, but just got rid of our In-
dians: much of our terr.tory is still an unimproved,
unsettled wilderness. Whereas, if this Government
had been faithful to its compact with Georgia, we
should have had a population and improvements
