sto
86th Cono««"1*t Sess,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Cumberland Road-
-Afr. Roane.
Apri1, 1840.
Senate.
proportioned to our extensive limits and productive
soil. Under these circumstances, sir, I can never
remain silent in this hall, and permit it to be pro-
claimed to the country that the Federal Govern-
ment has graciously spent millions from its Trea-
sury for the benefit of Georgia. The true cause
why this Government has been compelled to spend
so targe a sum in fulfilment of its obligations to
Georgia, has arisen out of its own bad faith, and
procrastination of a plain duty. Time was when
this Government might have extinguished the
whole of the Indian title to lands in Georgia, upon
reasonable and peaceable terras. But instead of
discharging this honest duty, it pursued a different
policy. It forced the Indians from its own lands
upon the lands of Georgia, and finally, when Geor-
gia determined no longer thus to suffer herself to
be trifled with and imposed upon, this Government
found itself under the necessity of giving to the
Indians an extravagant price for their claims to
lands within the limits of Georgia.
And now, sir, can the Senator from Indiana ex-
pect to help out the Cumberland road bill by
attempting to make the impression upon the minds
of Senators, that there is the slightest similarity be-
tween this Government paying a debt to Georgia,
and taking money from your Treasury to make a
road in the States to be benefited by this road.
Sir, I siate to you, and I hold the proof in my hand—
a communication from the Treasury Department—
that while the payments from the Treasury of the
United States, from the 1st of January, 1801, to the
31st ef December, 1839, for internal improve-
ments by the Federal Government, amount in the
aggregate 10 $18,681,683 65, and the interest on
this immense expenditure, since its disbursement,
would, if added, amount to twenty-five millions of
dollars, at least, expended by this Government on
objects called internal improvement, by the Federal
Government. And, sir, out ef this immense sum,
what amount would you suppose Georgia had
received, after what has fallen from the Se-
nator from Indiana? I will inform, not only
you, sir, but the Senator from Indiana.
Georgia has received, out of twenty-five mil-
lions of dollars, seventeen thousand dollars,
applied to the removal of obstructions in the
Savannah river. Yes, sir, you have the amount,
•U told. Now, sir, the new State of Indiana, the
Senator's own State, has received considerably up-
wards of one million of this vast expenditure.
Under these circumstances, sir, can that Senator
expect to stand here unrebuked, when he attempts
to make comparisons between Georgia and Indiana
in reference to sharing the spoils of the public
Treasury, in a scrambling system of internal im-
provement? No, sir, Georgia has never been a
competitor with many other States in seeking spe-
cial favors from thu Government. She seeks no-
thing—she asks nothing in the way of special fa-
vors. Equality, justice, a strict adherence to the
Constitution, is the motto of Georgia. Mr. Presi-
, dent, upon constitutienal grounds, I am opposed to
this measure; 1 can find no grant in the Constitu-
tion to authorize these appropriations. But, sir,
I know that constitutional arguments are wholly
useless*upon this subject. Such arguments have
been reiterated again and again in my hearing, and
in both branches of Congress, for twenty-five years
past.
Sir, when we base ourselves on the Constitution,
it only excites a sneer. "We are sometimes even
ridiculed for our constitutional scruples; yet we are
. all bound in the most solemn manner to support
the Constitution. But, sir, ample and conclusive
objections to my mind, may be found against a
further prosecution of this Cumberland road by
the Federal Government, upon ttie "general wel-
fare" principle; and, sir, should I hereafter, as I
possibly may, submit any remarks to the Senate
on this subject, • I will meet the friends of the
"general welfare" school on their own gronnd,
and endeavor to show that it is inexpedient, impo-
litic, and unwise, further to prosecute this work.
If I might be allowed to offer a word of advice to
the friends of this measure, it would be to come to
a compromise upon this subject; they ought, in my
opinion, gladly to have accepted of the proposition
oi tbs Senator fren Alabama, [Mr. Cur,] pro-
posing to give the Sates through which this road
passes, two per cent, of the nett proceeds of the pub-
lic lands hereafter accruing from the sales in those
States.
Is it not obvious that this measure is losing fa-
vor on every side of this chamber ?   Sir. I think it
will not require many more such speeches as we
have this day heard from the Senator from In-
diana [Mr. White] to seal the fate of this Cum-
berland road.   It is true, sir, the Senator's speech
was honestly and zealously intended to be in sup-
port of the measure.   But, sir, all the able speech-
es which I have heard in opposition to this mea-
sure, for twenty-five years past, have not tended so
effectually and fully to convince me of its great
evils, as has the speech of the Senator this day, in-
tended for its support.    If this measure continues
to obtain favor, it must expect it upon open, fair
ground.    It is useless for its friends to  attempt
longer to support it under the pretence  of com-
pacts, and two per cent, or three per cent, funds,
set apart for that purpose.     The Federal Go-
vernment has  more than discharged its obliga-
tions, arising under its compacts, with the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. Upon this solitary road,
tneGovernment has already paid the enormous sum
of $6,777,739  82—more  than  ten per cent,  of
the nett proeeeds of the public lands which have
been sold in those Slates.   Why, then, sir, longer
talk about the two per cent, and three per cent, to
which these States are entitled under compacts
with this Government?   No one will hereafter be
deluded by thus mystifying this subject.   Equally
fallacious and futile is the attempt to make it ap-
pear that other States, and portions of the Union,
have been the recipients of like favors and ap-
propriations.     All such attempts   will have   to
stand upon a similar foundation to the one this
day attempted to be imposed upon the State  of
Georgia, and   which   1 have  felt myself called
upon to expose and refute.
Mr. ROANE said: Nothing was ever fartherfrom
my intention than to have opened my lips on the
subject undet consideration. I am, Mr. President,
always extremely reluctant to participate in the
debates of this body, and bad not supposed it
possible than any thing would occur, which could
induce me to do so in regard to the bill now under
discussion. But, sir, the very earnest, fervent,
and almost personal appeal which the Senator
Indiana [Mr. White] most unexpectedly made
a few minutes since to me, the only representative
from Virginia on this floor, in behalf of this mea-
sure, renders it proper that I should promptly and
immediately add a few brief words to the more
potent monosylable, which it w 11 very soon be-
come no less my pleasure than my duty, to utter
against the passage of this bill. And why, sir, are
these appeals made to me as a representative of
Virginia? Oa what principle, on what grounds,
by what precedents, am I invoked to give aid
or countenance to this " Cumberland road" bill?
Has it heretofore received the countenance and sup-
port of that State? Have my predecessors in this
chamber been its advocates or patrons? If so, I am
unacquainted with the fact. The Senator,, it seems,
predicates his appeal to the favor of Virginia, upon
the interest she has in this road, because of its
leading through her territory, and also because of
its reaching to, and passing by, her flourishing
town of "fPft«iing." Let us see what force or
weight there is in these considerations. Sir, this
road takes its start (as well as its name) from the
town of Cumberland, in the State of Maryland, to
a destined termiwu at some suitable point on the
river Ohio. The town of Wheeling was selected
as that point. A due regard to the geography of
the intervening country, and the principles of engi-
neering, required, therefore, that the road should
seek its passage to the Ohio through a small por-
tion—a mere corner—of tht territory of Virginia!
The entire length of the road through that terri-
tory is only about fourteen miles! What great
favor does this circumstance confer on that
State? What great interest can it excite in
Virginia or her citizens? And what obligation
should it impose on her Representatives to vote
annually large sums of the national treasure to-
wards extending its progress through the boundless
West! But, sir, we are also informed that the
town of Wheeling, in Virginia, by which this road
pa*ses, has grown up to be a flourishing, populous
and wealthy city. True, sir, and we rejoice that
it is true. Bui permit me to say to the gentle-
man, that neither the town of Wheeling, nor any of
the other cities which have sprung up, as if by ma-
gic, on the banks of the Ohio, and all our other
Western rivers, owe their rapid growth and unex-
ampled prosperity to this Cumberland road. Be
assured, sir, that the flourishing, enterprising town
of Wheeling, would at this moment be struggling
and plodding with a stinted growth, had her pros-
perity depended alone on the influence and effect of
the Cumberland road. I will tell you, sir, to what
she owes her rapid advance in population, wealth,
and enterprise: she owes it partly to her almost
unequalled water power, but mainly to the mighty
power of steam, which has given navigation to her
noble river, and machinery to her multiplying
workshops. The revered name of Mr. Jefferson,
too, the honored patriot and venerated statesman of
Virginia, has been invoked to enlist the feelings of
his native State in behalf of this road. Yes, sir;
gentlemen who perhaps have but little respect for
the opinions and principles of that great man on
other subjects, are frequently most forward and
clamorous in proclaiming his orthodoxy, when the
public Treasury is to be tapped for the benefit of
the "Cumberland road."
It is, perhaps, too late in the day, and is entirely
unnecessary to my purpose, to argue the consutu-
tionality of this road.   Whatever may have been
the reasons  originally to justify or excuse the
scheme, they do not, in my opinion, apply at the
present time.   Mr. Jefferson did, I believe, some
forty years ago, or nearly, sanction, and perhaps
patronize and foster, this road; but I am certain
that he would never have done so, could be have
foreseen its consequences, direct and collateral. He
never even dreamed that it would attain its present
length, and become an annual sponge, or perpetual
drain on the public Treasury.   When this woik
was first projected, the vast and  fertile  region
north   and   west   of  the   river   Ohio,   was   a
dreary    wilderness,     occupied    by    barbarians
and wild beasts.   It is blooming, populous and
wealthy, having contributed six or more additional
members to our blessed family of States.    Mr. Jef-
ferson,  sir, had greatly at heart the settlement,
population and improvement of this country, and
could  have   projected  and favored this road to
its great  river  with   no  other  view  and   ex-
pectation than to facilitate the migration thither
of the  enterprising   pioneers  and hardy   settlers
of his "favorit* Ffeji," as  he was wont to  call
that   region.   Besides, sir, the power   of steam
was not ih*n known: It was not then within thekea
of the wisest man to foresee, that se soon after the
adoption of this plan of conducting the people, im-
plements and other means of civilization into the
wilderness of the far West, the stubborn currents
of its mighty rivers were destined to yield to it*
safe, easy, rapid, and most profitable navigation.
Mr. President, it seems clear to my mind, that if
these things could have been anticipated, we should
never have heard of this " Cutriberland road:" for
if my information is correct, it is last yielding to
their influence, and becoming in a great degree a
mere neighborhood affair in the States where these
vast amounts of the national treasure are expend-
ed for its extension.    I am informed, that nearly
all who wend their way into the far West, invaria-
bly, when they reach the Ohio river, abandon the
delightful coaches of this magnicent road, and pur-
sue their journey ia steamboats whenever the river
is navigable.
Mr. President, this "Cumberland road" whfc*
was at first but a little serpent, is now fast growing
to be a mighty anaconda, elongating itself throng 
an empire, and involving States in its griping and
inextricable fo'ds! When and where, sir, is it 
str>p? Its course is onward, onward—"enüeít
«undo," is most emphatically its motto. "K
grows as it progresses," and its appe'itite is «ty
sharpened by what it feeds on. The million*'
which have been already appropriated to its uses,
only stimulate its cupidity, and embolden i*5^**
stands foy other millions.   When and where,  *•
