m

APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
:36th Coko-...1st Sbss.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Jlnderson.
Senate.
now abandon the work without a gross violation
of public faith, nor without doing the greatest in-
justice to the people, who have purchased, and
imptoved at hish prices, the land on the line of
the work, relying on tbe completion of it in
good faith; nor can the Government now aban-
don tbe work without doing violence to' the States
through which it runs, upon general principles. I
am not now examining ihe compacts. It is a
fact well known by all Western Senators, that,
upon the location of the Cumbetland road through
the Slates west of the Ohio river, the Stale roads
running in the same direction were abandoned, and
the whole travel thrown upon this road; the State
roads were located upon a scale corresponding
with Stat* necessities and State means, while this
road was located and intended to be constructed
upon a scale of expenditure far beyond any thing
that a State would have contemplated—hence the
great injustice.of abandoning this national work to
be completed on a tcale ruinous to the States, and
•boot which they were not consulted; nor are their
Beans adapted to it. I hold upon general princi-
ples, therefore, that, as the work was laid down by
the Federal Government on a national settle, it should
be constructed by the National Treasury. But, sir,
do the compacts relieve the Government from her
general responsibility to complete the constrnction
of this work. I maintain that they do not; and
here I am apprised I am about to assault the sup-
posed impregnable fortress of the enemies to this
work. 1 meet the question with pleasure, and all I
can ask is, that Senators may hear me with pa-
tience and meet my arguments with candor. W hat
is the true meaning of the compacts, or, in other
words, what was the contract between the States
west of the Ohio river and the General Govern-
ment in relation to this work? I am answered by
the Senator from Alabama. It was simply that
two per cent, arising from the sales of the public
lands in those States should be expended by the
Government towards a road leading tmeardt those
States; and that when such an expenditure has
heen made, tbe Government has discharged its ob-
ligation to the States. This position I wholly re-
^podiate. I contend that the General Government
was bound to make the road, and that the two
per cent- reserved by her was to aid her in the com-
pletion of the work; and I rely upou the following
facts to sustain me. Tbe construe ion of ibis road
was a part of the original land policy of the na-
tion as the proprietor of the domain in tne Valley
of ihe Mississippi. It was commenced, and in pro-
gress, long before the existence of the compacts
between the Spates of Indiana, Illinois, and Mis-
souii, with the General Government, and was not
therefore prompted by these compact*.
Immediately after the location of the road through
Ohio, the Government reductd tbe price of the
lands from two dollars to one dollar and twenty-
five cents per acre, and made large grants, for va-
nóos purposes, without the consent of the States.
Tbe States were never consulted in relation to
either the route, scale, or location of the work, bat,
on the contrary, tbe Government laid down the
scale; and prosecuted the work upon her own plan,
wholly independent of the States, which certainly
would not have been the ca«e, had it been under-
stood by either party that the work was to be aban-
doned whenever the two per cent, was expended,
arising from sales of the residue of the lands at
the reduced price. The troth i«, as the early es'i-
mates and reports show, it was believed by all par-
ties that the two per cent, fond would finish the
work; and it was upon that principle the Govern-
ment'agreed to make it, and proceeded, without
consultation with the States in relation to the scale
or location of the work, as the States had nothing
to do with that matter. What would have been
die situation of the parlies, if the construction of
the Senator from Alabama should be adopted?
Why, sir, the General Government would have the
whole power in her hands, and the compacts to the
States would be a dead letter. The expenditure
of the two per cent, to.natds making a road leading
tvmarii tbe State, might be so made as to lay out
the whole fund east of tbe Alleghany mountains,
on the foundation of a work which the States west
of the Ohio would be compelled to complete, to
avail themselves of any benefit whatever from the
fund, even if such a benefit would result from a
woik not coming near iheir borders. Such a con-
struction of the compacts would not be listened to
a moment, were the question one between indivi-
duals—much less can it be maintained between the
high contracting parties in this ca«e.
But let me examine the position a little further,
and suppose the General Government a trustee for
the States in the expenditure of the two per cent,
fund on this road. I put it to the Senators who op-
pose the bill, whether it was competent for her to
diminish the funds by a reduction of the price and
quality of the land from which it was to be raised.
Will Senators attempt to maintain that, in the dis-
charge of the trust, the Government could lay down
the work on a scale so national and expensive
that the fund would only be sufficient to commence
the work, and leave for the States the completion
of a work of dimensions so extensive as to put it
out of their power to finish, without great embar-
rajsmeni? I hold that, viewing it merely as a trust
question, a faithful discharge of that trust required
the Government to appropriate the whole fund
that would have arisen from the sales of the whole
of the public lands at the prices fixed at the date of
the compacts, in the completion of the work, and
if she reduced the price of the land, made dona-
tions or grants for any purpose whatever, laid out
the work on a scale too extensive for the fund,
withheld appropriations until they were consumed
in repairs, or otherwise improvidenlly dissipated
ihe fund, or defeated the object, it was at her peril
and at her own expense, and is no answer to the
Slates when they ask for the appropriations to
complete the work. This, sir, is briefly my view
of this question. I nvght amplify and illustrate,
but I choose to be concise, in hopes that I may not
deter those who are willing to understand this ques-
tion from reading my remarks and examining my
positions. The argument of a bankrupt Treasury
stems to be urged against this bill with unusual
force by gentlemen who participate largely in na-
tional expenditures. I have met this, argument
more than once during the discu>sion on this sub-
ject in its various stages, and I can do li tie more
now than repeat what I have before said; and that
is, that I will not accept of that plea, as a defence
against the charge of a refusal to make this appro-
priation; last year the same cry was raised; the
bill pa^d the Senate, and fell in the House. Not-
withstanding the crv, then, I see the expenditures
of ihe Government last year were $31,815,000, not
a dollar of which was appropriated to this work.
Where did it go? aye, that is the question. Are
we, then, to be told of an empty Treasury as an
excuse for not completing this road? Sir, will not
that plea be just as good next} ear as it is this?
Will not objects of expenditure be always found
sufficient te drain the Treasury, in exclusion of
this wo.k, if we are to be put off with that excuse?
As one of the friends of the work, I demand that it
shall pa'ticipate in your expenditures. If econo-
m zing is to be the order of the day, I am willing
that our great work may bear its due propor-
tion of the reduction of expendituies, with
the other objects to which the national expenditures
have been directed, but I protest against its exclu-
sion. I regret exceedingly that the Administration
should have thought proper to leave this work out
of the annual estimates. I greatly fear the effect
of this rejection in the estimates may prove dis-
astrous to the appropriation, though I do not see
why it should. I am apprised of the power
of party, and how difficult it is for gentle-
men to rid themselves of party influence; still
I do hope that the friends of this work will rise
above party considerations, and sustain that
policy which was commenced by Mr. JerTarson,
and prosecuted through the succeeding administra-
tions, maintain the national faith, and give no just
grounds of complaint to those who have relied on
us to complete this great national work. I will not
detain the Senate longer, leaving it for others ta go
more at large into tne condition of the road, and
claims of the West. I rose to a few prominent
points in the argument, and having said briefly
what I proposed saying, I leave tbe matter with a
confident hojre that the appropriation, will not be
withheld.
After some remarks in reply by Mr. CLAY of
Alabama.
Mr. ANDERSON said he did not rise for the
purpose of entering inte the details of the discus-
sion, and should have been contented merely to
record his vote, but for the remarks which had
just been made by his friend [Mr. Clay] from
Alabama. This last and earnest appeal which
he had addressed to the opponents oí this measure,
to induce them to support his amendment, made it
altogether proper that he should? ay a few words
in explanation of the course he should take.
Mr. A. said he had listened with great attention,
when this subject was discussed on yesterday, to
the remarks of the distinguished Senator near him,
[Mr. Calhoun,] from South Carolina, and took
occasion to state that he concurred  most  fully ¡a
the views which he had advanced in regard to the
great principles that, in his opinion, apply to the
main question.      The amendment had been advo-
cated as a proposition wh ch would  put this per-
plexed claim forever at rest.    If he entertained this
hope, nothing would gratify him more than to give
to it his most candid support; or if there was even
a remote probability that this would be the resalt,
he would cheerfully   unite with those gentlemen.
There was nothing be more desired than that some
plan could be devised by which this important and
exciting subject could! be surely and lastingly se-
vered from us.    But he said he had examined the
amendment with care, in the hope of finding the
grounds upon which gentlemen had placed their
expectations, and he  regretted to say that there
was nothing, either within the context or the pro-
viso, wbioh would justify him in the belief that it
would be well received by the parties who are so
deeply interested, or which could be considered as
in any way final and obligatory.*    Sir, said be,
ihey have higher views of their own claims, which
have risen with the progress  of legislation.     In
fact, there is nothing by which you propose to bind
them.    It would only end as a mera gratuity,
and  the   practical   result   would   be,   if   they
were   to   accept   your   proposition,   the   con-
dition   would   not  be   felt   to   be   binding as
to any thing except that they should merely take
into their own hands tbe application and expendi-
ture of a certain amount of money.   They would,
herealter, urge   that the  very  consideration ex-
pressed upon the face of this amendment implied
your concession of their claim; and after exhaust,
ing tbe funds which you had given to them, they
would return upon you with redoubled energy and
augmented  demands-   They   would  come here
from y ear to year.   They   would never cease to
urge their pretensions upou you.   It is according
to the laws which govern all human action that
this should be so.   We ought to remember.' that a
massive population, growing   in   numbers, and
spread over a vast territory, occupying four States
of th is Union, will continue to feel that their in-
terests have entered into the success of this road;
and. sir, you have no alternative but to meat the
question face to face. He voted against the amend-
ment  of   yesterday for several   reasons, which
it was unnecessary to repeat, except to say, g«M*
rally, that he had no objection to the   friends of
the measure fashioning it in its greatest strength,
because,   in a   contest   of this sort, this would
sooner or later be done; and the only true method
of resistance was to meet it fully and boldly, aid
in the strongest shape in which it could be pi**
sented.   The overthrow  would then be the «6 
signal and permanent.   We have, sir, no safety   (
in mere strategy.    Ours is a cause which must M    ¡
fought  upon the basis of principle, or not at   •    .
We have no allurements to offer.   If wearede-   j
feated we  must renew  the  contest—discuss oW
principles, enlighten   the   public   mind, and W
upon  it, in the end, a fice and thinking people wi 
abide by  their Constitution,  and  return into *•
halls of Congress the true expression of their opt*   f
nions.    As to this amendment, you   have notnioi   J
to hope from it.    It settles nothing, and, said bf 
I shall vote against it, and against the bill, bee* *   ,
it is unconstitutional.                                              ,;
Sir, said he, I should be greatly gratified to se 
