I
Jfo 1840.
AÍPÉÑDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
 6th Cokg«"*1st Sess.
In reply to Mr. Davis—<-Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
(Unding alike the frowns and blandishments of
Executive power. The merit which that party
eaims for itself, is, that of unyielding firmness and
honesty. Without stopping to inquire how far these
lofty pretensions are boine out by facts, it may
¡¡afely be asserted that they were so far removed
from the Administration" and its friends as to pre-
vent any imputation of influence by the Executive
oTer them. Thus it appears, that in this House
at least, the power was not with the Administra-
tion; and, so far as this House is concerned, the Ad-
ministration and its friends are not chargeable with
extravagance, if any there were.
Whether there has been any waste of money
heretofoie, is more than I know. I hope, however,
forthe future, we may be able to reduce the ex-
penses within the limits of rigid economy.
THE CURRENCY.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Friday, March 6, 1840.
Mr. Davis "having concluded his reply to Mr.
Buchanan's charge of misrepresentation,
Mr. BUCHANAN addressed the Senate as fol-
lows:
Mr. President: When I addressed the Senate on
Tuesday last, I endeavored to state ray cause of
complaint in the milde>t manner which the nature
of the ease admitted, and to treat the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] so far as I eould,with
courtesy and respect. The remarks of that gentle-
man to-day have absolved me from any such obli-
gation, and I shall proceed to refer to his misre-
presentations ol my speech in favor of the Inde-
pendent Treasury bill as they deserve. At the
sunt time, I shall endeavor to perform this duty in
a manner consistent with my own self respect,
and with the elevated character of the Senate.
The Senator, in his labored remarks, has endea-
vored to draw me into a false issue. In this at-
tempt, he shall not succeed. I am net thus to
be diverted from my purpose. Have I, or have
1 not, advanced the arguments which he has pub-
lished to the world, that I urged in favor of the bill?
This is the question at issue between us.
Id regard to his speech against the Independent
Treasury bill, I have never said (for I never shall
say what I do not know to be true) that he did
not make that speech in the Senate. The
hour was late—the patience of the body was
exhausted, and he left the seat near me which he
usually occupies, and spoke from another part of
the hall. He is, therefore, mistaken in staling
ihat 1 sat near where he stood, whilst he was de-
livering his speech. Not having the least inten-
tion of replying to him, I was talking freely, when
in-my seat, to those around me, and was out of it
a considerable portion of the time whilst he was
speaking. I not only did not hear him utter any
one of the misrepresentations of which I now com-
plain; but I most solemnly declare that I never
even suspected him for having given them curren-
cy in his speech, until my attention was called to
it by a friend on Saturday evening last. This
nay have been culpable negligence on my part.
Whether or not, it has taught me the necessity of
paying strict attention to that Senator's statements,
should he ever reply to me hereafter.
But, sir, whether the speech delivered and the
speech published be ideniical or not, this cannot
jary the question. It remains precisely the same.
Has the Senator attributed to me arguments in
support of the bill which I never used? This is the
point in controversy.
If the most artful and unfair man in the world
had determined to destroy any public measure, in
what manner could he most effectually damn it in
public estimation? It would be to enumerate all the
terrible consequences which would flow from it
according to the predictions of its enemies, and put
them into the mouth of its friends as arguments in
its favor. There could not by possibility be any
stronger admissions of its evil tendency. Such is
the manner in which I have been treated by the
senator, and such is the character of my complaint
against him.
Sir, the enemies of the Independent Treasury
ta*t denounced  it, from the  beginning, a* a
measure which would destroy the banks of the
country, introduce an exclusive metallic currency,
prostrate credit, check importations, and reduce the
value of property and the wages of labor. Now,
I could not offer the least objection against any Se-
nator in the Opposition for urging any arguments
he pleased, to prove that the bill would be produc-
tive of all these fatal consequences. This would
be all perfectly fair. What I do object to, is, that
the Senator, instead of urging these arguments
against the bill himself, has reiterated, over and
over again, that I supported it, because these disas-
trous consequences would result from its passage.
The Senator has placedme precii-ely in this posi-
tion. If I can prevent it, he shall not escape from
this plain question of fact by retreating into a wide
field of irrelevant argument.
If this matter had been personal to myself alone,
I might have borne it, and probably would have
borne it, in silence. Bat, on iheeve of a Presiden-
tial election, my sins are to be visitrd upon the pre-
sent Administration, whose principles I support.
The President is to be struck at through my side:
and it is thus attempted to make the public believe
that he also sustains the Independent Treasury bill
because it will be productive of all the ruinous eon-
sequences which have been portrayed. This is the
key to unlock the whole published speech of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
In its first paragraph, he professes his intention
of making "a brief reply to the new doctrines
which have been now, for the first time, published
here, and come to us through channels that leave
no doubt of their being the doctrines o/ the Admi-
nistration."             *                    /
Now, Mr. President, what are/these new doc-
trines which the Senior says involve "great and
momentous considerations, afl«tirg the most che-
rished interests of thf peopleF' After heralding
them in this imposingimanne/, he proceeds to an-
nounce them. Two ffiendj^f the Administration,
says he, Mr. Walker; and  myself, have declared
that ihis bill—mark meXlhis very Independent
Treasury bill " containNa/the necessary corrective
[for the evils] imputable to the pernicious influence
of bank paper, as it will check importations of fo-
reign goods, suppress what they call the credit sys-
tem, and by restoring a specie currency, reduce the
wages of the laborer and the value of property."
"This is the character given to the measurelby
its friends; and, alarming as the doetrints are, I am
gratified that they are frankly avowed."
•Now, sir, should I not deserve a straight jacket;
ought I not to be placed in confinement by my
friends, if these imputations were well founded?
"What1 s>r, to rise before ihis august body and to
say, Mr. President, I support the Independent
Treasury bill—first, because it will destroy the
banks of the country, abolish all bank paper, and
restore a specie currency; second, because it will
check importations; third, because it will suppress
the credit system; and fourth, because it will reduce
the wages of the laborer and the value of property!!
And yet this is the ridiculous altitude in which I
am placed by the Senator's speech. If these impu-
tations were well founded, I must be one of the
mest ferocious men in existence. Destruction must
be my delight. No wild agrarian in the country
has ever thought of waging such an indiscriminate
war against all property, my own among the rest,
as that whish has been attributed to me by the Se-
nator.
Now, sir, need I say in the presence of this bo-ly,
before which my speech was delivered, that I never
used any such arguments? On the contrary, in
my reply to the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Clay,! I advanced no "new doctrines," but pur-
sued the very same course of argument which I
had adopted when this measure was first before the
Senate in September, 1837. I was then convinced,
and so declared in the most solemn manner, that
this bill would not injuriously affect the sound and
solvent banks of the country; and my reflections
since have served to confirm this conviction. One
of the points which I most strongly urged at that
time, in answer to the objections of the enemies of
the bill, was, that it would not operate with ihat
severjty upon, the. ba^fes which they professed to
II apprehend* I alleged "that the canse was too im-
potent to produce any such eflect," and "that its
influence would scarcely be fe!t;" and I main-
tained these propositions in the c urse of my re-
marks. In my laie speech, which has been the
subject of so much unfounded remark, I congratu-
lated the country that "the prominent arguments
formerly urged against the Independent Treasury
bill had nearly all vanished away." Amongoihers
of this description, I expressed my astonishment,
"that we had no homily from ihe Senator [Mr.
Clat] against the specie clause of the bill. Even
this seems to have lost much of its terrors. It is
no longer the terrific mossier which was to devour
all the banks, and establi-h a pure metallic cur-
rency for all the transactions of all the people of
the United States."
And yet, in the very face of all this, the Sena-
tor, in his speech, has put into my mouth, as argu-
ment in favor of the bill, and of course as conse-
quences resulting from it which I desired, that it
would destroy the banks, iniroduce a pure metallic
currency, suppress credit, and reduce the wages of
labor, and the price of properly. Can he point to
any portion of my speech in which I contended
that this bill would produce these monstrous ef-
fects? If he himself had urged that it would,
I say again, I could have made no objection.
My cause of complaint is, that he has sent abroad
to the world his speech, and has by it placed me in
the ridiculous attitude of not only admiiting that
all these objections to the bill are true, but of
strenuously urging its passage for this very reason.
This, I repeat, is the point of the controversy be-
tween ns. In order to make good h¡¡> charge, he
must prove that 1 used any such arguments in favor
of the bill—a task which no morial man can per"
form. I never thought or dreamed of any such ar-
guments.
But the Senator proceeds to weave his web with
much art.   He says:
I will now notice the effects upon the public policy imputed
to this bill. We have always been told that it was a simple
proposition to divorce the Government from the banks, so as to
enable it to hold its own money, and, therefore, harmless in its
character, as it would affect nothing else.
This was precisely the character which I gave of
it throughout my late sprech.
But, sir, (says the gentleman from Massachusetts) the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, while he declares that he is not for an
exclusive hard money currency, or, in other words, is not hostile
to well regulated State hanks, ll (hey can be well regulated, as
he expresses himself, argues that this bill will diminish im-
portations, suppress credit, and stop speculation, by modify-
ing the currency, so far'as to work out these extraordinary
ends."
And here permit me to observe, that the extreme
candor of the Senator is worthy of all commenda-
tion. He seems to have been shocked at my de-
structive propensities. He was unwilling that the
public should believe that even this bill was as bad
as I had represented it to be. In order to apologize
for my indiscretion, and to prevent the country
trcm being too much alarmed at my arguments, he
most kindly interposes.
I am by no means satisfied (says he) that it (the bill) is capa-
ble of producing all these consequences; but as such a power i 
imputed to it by its warmest friends, and those who are in the
councils and confidence of the Administration, who bring it
forward with this view and expectation, I shall, in this re-
ply, confine myself to the positions assumed. That it will do
the country nogood, I have never doubted; but I have never al-
lowed myself to believe that it can exert that influence upon its
affairs which is ascribed to it.
Those in the councils and confidence of the Ad-
ministration bring ihe bill forward and impuie these
terrible consequences to i*; ihough the Senator him-
self recoils from the idea that it would produce
such disastrous effects ! I again repeat that this is
the issue between him and me. Did I ever im-
pute any such consequences to the bill? That is
the question.
The Senator next proceeds to comment separate-
ly in detail upon each of the arguments in favor of
the bill which he has thus imputed to me, as though
they had been leading points of my speech. Af-
ter concluding this pottion of his speech, he refers
to the 3d. or 4d. per day which the laboring man in
hard money Holland receives; and thus leaves it to
be inferred, though he has not expressly asserted
the proposition, that I desire to bring down the
laboring man to the conduion of ihe miserable serfs
ef Europe. The Senator has shown much ingenui-
ty in this effort.
He then proceeds to his hypothetical case. Hy-
pothetical I admit it to be in the first instance; bq
