¿38
26th Con .......1st Skis.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
In reply to Mr. Davis—Mr. King.
Mar. 1840.
Senate.
ing, can never place any other construction upon
the whole of it than men as I have stated.
To regulate—to restrain the banks within safe
limits—to afford to the laboring man constant em-
ployment and regular wages—not to cau«e the
wages of labor in one year to mount up with all
other articles to an extravagant price, and then, by
the revulsion in the succeeding year, to sink to
almost nothing; these are the ideas which per-
vade my speech throughout. After our periodical
explosions, the laborer undergoes calamities and
sufferings much more severe tlan any other class of
society. It was to correct this inevitable result, and
thus to benefit the laborer, that I insisted upon
bank reform. I declared that " an entire suppres-
sion of all bank notes of a lower denomination than
tht value of one week's wages of the laboring man,
is absolutely necessary for his protection. He
ought always to receive his wages in gold and sil-
Ter. Of all men on the earth, the laborer is most
interested in having a sound and stable currency."
Is there any gentleman of any parly who will
not units with me in these sentiments? Ought we
not to abolish all small notes, if this were in onr
power, of denominations lower than one week's
wages of tabor? The history of the proceedings in
this Senate on the currency bill, and on other bills,
proves that a principle which would produce this
effect was sanctioned by all and voted for by all.
To show that I expressed no opinion in favor of
Ian exelusive metallic currency, but directly the re-
verse, permit me to refer to another paragraph of
my speech.
But the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Clay] tear  do «one
«Mamad. Ha says that the friends of the Independent Traso-
ír desire to establish an exclusire metallic currency, as the me-
dium of all dealings throughout the Union; and, also, to reduce
the wages of the poor man's labor, se that the rich employer
may be able to sell his manufactures at a lower price. Now,
air, I deny the correctness of both these propositions; and, in the
first place, I, for one, am not in favor of establishing an exclu-
sive metallic currency for the people of this country. I desire
to see the banks greatly redaced in number; and would, if I
could, confine their accommodations to such loans or discounts,
for limited periods, to the commercial, manufacturing, and
trading classes of the community, as the ordinary course of
their business might render necessary. I never wish to see farm-
ers and mechanics and professional men tempted, by the facility
of obtaiuing bank loans for long periods, to abandon their own
preperand use'ul and respec'able spheres, and rush into wild
and extravagant speculation. I would, if I could, radically
reform the present banking system, so as to confine it within such
limits as to prevent future suspensions of specie payments; and
without exception, I would instantly deprive each and every
bank of its charter which should again suspend. Establish
(hese or similar reforms, and give us a real specie basis for our
paper circulation, by increasing the denomination of bank notes
first to ten. and afterwards to twenty dollars, and I shall then
be the friend, not the enemy, of banks. I know that the ex-
istence of banks, and the circulation of bank paper, are so
identified with the habits of our people, that they cannot be
- abolished, even if this were desirable. To reform, and not to
destroy, is my motto.   To confine them to their appropriate
business, and prevent them from ministering to the spirit of
.....;le
,  -----     'pi
which well regulated banks would afford, without, at the same
wild and reckless speculation, by extravagant loans and issues,
is all which ousht to be desired. But this I shall say If ex-
perience should prove h to be impossible to enjoy the facilities
time, continuing to suffer the evils which the wild excesses of
the present banks have hitherto entailed upon the country,
then I should consider it the lesser evil to abolish them altoge-
ther. If the State Legislatures shall now do their duty, I do not
believe that it will ever become necessary to decide on such an
alternative.
I declare that to reform, and not to destroy, the
banks, is my motto. This was my language in
1837: it is my language now. The greatest ene-
mies of these institutions are those who are un-
willing to arrest them, by wise legislation, in their
reckless and ruinous career, and thus prevent them
from destroying themselves. There is no truth
mere certain than this: that if the influence of the
banks should prevent the adoption of such legisla-
tion as will afford to the people the facilities which
they have a right to demand from these institutions,
without, at the same time, inflicting the evils which
their wild exceeses have hitherto entailed upon the
country, they will finally be crushed by public
opinion. This I should regret for many reasons
although it is possible that a much belter banking
system might arise from their ruins.
It is true that I expressed a serious doubt
whether the present banking system would be
wisely regulated by the States. I feel confident
that this can never be effectually accomplished
whilst nine hundred banks exist, pouring forth up-
on the country, at the periods of expansion, bank
notes of all denominations from a dollar and up.
wards. Toa cannot have sound banks unless you
reduce their jmmber.     Out of the large commer-
cial cities, where banks transact their business
much more by means of bank credits, deposites,
and checks, than by the issue of notes, no bank
can make money, and at the same time be safe,
without an extended theatre for circulation. Coun-
try banks, whose circulation is limited to a circum-
ference of a few miles in diameter, if they do a
profitable business, must, from the very nature of
things, force their paper upon the public to such an
amount as to render them insecure. In the days
of expansion, when speculation is raging, they may
not be in immediate danger. When the reverse
comes, and panic arises, the notes of such a bank
may be all thrown upon it for redemption in a sin-
gle day, or a single week. It can make no safe
calculation of the extent to which it can maintain
its circulation, as it could do if this circulation co-
vered a large space of country. One of the great-
est reforms of our banking system would, there-
fore, be greatly to reduce their nnmber.
Now as to the wages of labor: I really thought
it was impossible that I could have been misun-
derstood, until I read the speech of the Senator.
In combating the remarks of the Senator from
Kentucky, (Mr. Clay,) I proved that what the la-
boring man ought, above all things, to desire, was,
such a reform in our banking system as would afford
him "constant employment and regular wages, paid
in a sound currency." It is ruinous to him for
his wages to be rising with the kite ef speculation
one year, and the very next year to have them re-
duced to almost nothing, and even to be without em-
ployment altogether. He never benefits by extrava-
gant speculation. It brings to him nothing but
unmitigatrd evil, because the increased prices
which he is obliged to pay for the necessaries and
comforts of life, counterbalance, and more than
counterbalance, this advantage. What he desires
is stability and regularity in the business of the
country. He ought to be able to raise his family
in peace and comfort, and to look forward to the
next year for the same reward for his honest toil
that he received the last. On this subject no anx-
ious doubts ought to harass bis mind. He ought to
feel himself independent so long as it shall please
the Almighty to give him health and strength to
earn his bread by the sweat of his face, without
being involved in tho^e periodical crashes of the
banking system, which are produced by extrava-
gant expansions of the currency. Under the pre-
sent system the laboring man cannot calculate
what a day may bring forth. He receives high
wages to-day and is starving for want of employ-
ment to-morrow. In illustrating these views, I most
cheerfully admitted in my speech that "that coun-
ry is most prosperous where labor commands the
greatest reward; where one day's labor will procure
not the greatest nominal amount of a depreciated
currency, but most of the necessaries and comforts
of life." And I said that by correcting your bloat-
ed credit system in such a manner as to reduce
"the amount of your bank issues within reasonable
and safe limits, and es'ablishisg a metallic basis for
your paper circulation," you would greatly benefit
the laborer. He could then purchase more of the
necessaries and comforts of life for one dollar "than
he could have done in the days of extravagant ex-
pansion for one dollar and a quarter." Besides, he
would then enjoy the advantages which he never
can do undsr the present system, "of constant em-
ployment and regular wages," without being "in-
volved in ruin by a recurrence of those periodical
expansions and contractions of the currency, which
have hitherto convulsed the country." The last
thing of which I ever dreamed, was to bring his
wages down to the pure metallic standard. I wished
to adopt that safe mixed currency which I so fully
described in the course of my remarks, and which
would be a blessing to manufacturers, merchants,
mechanics, laborers, and all the people of the coun-
try, because it would produce certainty and stabili-
ty in all the transactions of life.
It was the ardent desire of Henry the 4th, the
great monarch of France, so to govern his country,
that every laborer in his dominions might have a
pullet in his pot on Sundays. In our own highly
favored land, even at the period of the greatest ex-
pansion, the laboring man could not afford to re-
gale himself and his family with a roast of beef. If
his wages were high, the monopolists of this anicle
aided by the banks, raised the price of this neces-
sary of life in a much greater proportion.
I repeat that the Senator might have argued as
he pleased against Ihe Independent Treasury bill,
and this would have afforded me no cause of com-
plaint. He might have inferred, from my argu-
ment, however unjustly, that I was friendly to a
pure metallic currency, and I should not have com-
plained before the Senate. But when he put into
my mouth, as a leading argument in favor of the
bill, that it would restore an exclusive metallic cur-
rency to the country, I felt myself obliged, by im-
perious necessity, to correct the misrepresentation,
because it was doing me the most galling injustice.
I regret, exceedingly, that any thing of a person-
al character has grown out of this matter. It was
the farthest thing imaginable either from my inten-
tion or my wishes. But when the Senator thought
proper to treat my complaints with the scorn and
contempt which he said ttoey deserved, I believed it
to be a duty which I owed to myself, to hurl back
his defiance, and he may make the most of it.
Mr. PRESTON rose and congratulated the Se-
nate and the country on the explanation just made
by the Senator from Pennsylvania. He (Mr. P.)
had understood his speech precisely as the Senator,
from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] had, and he was
highly gratified to find that he had entirely misap-
prehended him. The impression left on his mind
by the remarks of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
and the speeches of other prominent friends of the
Administration, in support of the Sub-Treasury
bill, was, that it was the object of the party in
power to break down the banking ins itutions ot the
States, to destioy the credit system, and to reduce the
wages of labor, and that to accomplish these results
they supported that bill; but lUeemedhe wasentire-
ly mistaken. He understood the Senator from
Pennsylvania now to say that he was not opposed
to banks, but merely wished that some restraint
might be placed on them, so as to prevent their
running their credit into extravagance. The ho-
norable Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Grundy]
had made the same declaration, and the honorable
Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Sevier] had express-
ed himself of the same opinion. He regretted that
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Walker] was
not present, to define his position also. But what
says the honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] on this subject? He had stood by this
hard money question from the first, and when he
was solitary and alone in'its support. He had
fought himself through an ocean of obloquy, while
the little fishes huddled around him to protect them
from the roar of popular opinion. Will he also
favor us with an explanation, lest perhaps we may
have misapprehended his course and his sen-
timents on this subject?
Mr. KING said he had witnessel with un-
feigned regret the direction this debate had taken;
but it was not his habit, nor would he now take
part in a personal altercation. His only purpose
in rising was to notice some of the remarks of the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Preston.] He
had listened to that Senator with no little surprise.
He states that the impression made on his mind by
the speeches of the prominent members of this
body, who sustain the Administration, and particu-
larly by those of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Buchanan,] was, that it was the object of
the party now in power to brean down the banking
insti u tions of the States, to destroy credit, and re-
duce the wages of labor, and that they advocated
the Independent Treasury bill upon thegroandthat
it would produce these results. Nour, said Mr. K.
while these charges were confined to the dirty
newspapers of the day—those vehicles of detrac-
tion and misrepresentation—they deserved not the
slightest notice; bat coming, as th-y now do, from
a Senator who stands high in the estimation of the
country, and deservedly commands the respect of
this body, ihey assume an importance which de-
mands immediate correction and refutation. Will
the Senator designate any portion of any speech
delivered on this floor, by any friend of the Admi-
nistration, in which such objects are avowed? He,
Mr. K. had been strictly attentive to the discus-
sions on the Independent Treasury bill, and on no
