Mar. Í840:
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3S9
£6th Cong««««1st Sess.
In reply to Mr Davis—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
occasion had he heard an argument used,  which,
properly understood, was calculated to make the
impression which the Senator declares had been
made upon his mind: least of  all  could  it be
made by the remarks of his friend from Penn-
sylvania, who has discussed this great question
with an ability which few can equal, and with that
characteristic frankness and fairness which should
have saved him the necessity of correcting misre-
presentation, intentional or otherwise.   Sir, said
Mr. K. my friend has over and over again declared,
in the most explicit terms, that he was no advocate
for an exclusive metallic currency; that he wished
to see the banks so reformed as to enlarge the basis
of specie circulation; thus seeming to the country
a well regulated mixed currency—specie for the
ordinary transactions of business, and a paper al-
ways convertible. Would this destroy State banks,
or prostrate credit, or deprive the laborer of a fair
compensation for his labor?   No, sir, no; but di-
rectly the reverse; and o*f all classes, thost who
live by the sweat of their brow would have most
cause to rejoice at such a reform of tl.e currency.
My friends, said Mr. K. are opposed to bank ex-
pansions which lead to the most extravagant and
ruinous speculations, deranging the business of the
•country, and terminating in a refusal to redeem
their notes in specie.   These expansions, we have
been told by the Senator from South Carolina, and
bis friends, were produced by the State bank depo-
site system.   Admit them to be correct.   Does it
not prove conclusively that we should no longer
mix up our affairs with theirs—that we should not
subject ourselves to the inconvenience and loss
consequent on their failure to pay over the public
moneys placed with  them for safekeeping.   My
friends   aie   in   favor    of collecting   the   reve-
nue in specie,   so   as   to   enable   the   Govern-
ment to meet   its  obligations   according   to   the
requirements    of   the    Constitution,   wh;le   the
Senator from South Carolina would compel the
receipt of the depreciated paper of non-specie-pay-
ing banks: at least such was the proposition once
made by him; but meeting with no countenance,
even from bis own friends, he was compelled to
abandon it.   My friends, as far as I know their
opinions, are opposed to any interference with the
State banks.   To the States they leave, what to
them properly belongs, their regulation and control.
We are content to act within our constitutional
spheres—so to collect, keep, and disburse our reve •
nue, as wi 1 enable «s to meet, in good faith, all
our obligations, and not again subject ourselves to
the taunts and sneers of the Senator from Sou^h
Carolina and bit friends, that the Government was
a bankrupt concern, because it could not compel
the banks to pay over their deposites.    Mr. K. said
he looked with great interest to the success of the
proposition made by his friend from Pennsylvania
a few days past, s>o to amend the Constitution as
to prohibit the issue of bank notes of a less denomi-
nation than twenty dollars.   Could the States be
induced to divest themselves of this power, most of
the evils which have grown out of the banking sys-
tem, as at present conducted, would, in his opinion,
be remedied.    He sincerely hoped it would meet
with a favorable consideration.
One word, said Mr. K. as to my friend
from Mwsissippi, now absent. The Senator
from South Carolina has, as I conceive, done
great injustice to the views of that gentleman,
as to the operation of the Independent Treasury
bill. He is represented as having contended that
it would prostrate the banks, and bring about an
exclusive metallic circulation. Now, sir, what-
ever the peculiar notions of that gentleman may
b , as respects the advantages to be derived fom
banks, he too well understood what would be the
operation of the measure he advocated, to contend
that any such effects could, by possibility, be pro-
duced by it. Sir, we were indebted to the gentle-
man and his friends for what, to me, appears opi-
nions so absurd. Again and asain have they de-
clared, on this floor, that such would be the effects
°L lht adoP,ion of the Independent Treasury; and
they have denounced it accordingly, in such un-
measured terms, that I was disposed to give them
credit for honestly believing what they so roundly
averted, and so strongly condemned.   I had no
idea it was for political effect. But really (said
Mr. K.) it is too bad to a'tempt to fix npon the
friends of the Administration opinions they never
entertained, arguments they never used, but which
they have cont-tanily repudiated.
Mr. K. said he well knew the opinions of the
greater portion of those with whom he was politi-
cally associated here: his intercouse with them had
been of the most unreserved character; and he
would take this occasion to say that the charge that
they were the advocates of the destruction of the
State bank , and an exclusive specie circulation,
was entirely destitute of foundation. Their object
was to reform, not to destroy.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he really did not
know where he was; but there is the gallery, and
there the countenance of the Father of his Country
beaming down upon us, and yet it seemed to him
as if persons and things had lo t their identity. We
now hear that there is no intention on the part of
tbe friends of the Administration, to injure
banks—no desire to destroy the credit system
of the country—no wish to reduce the wages of la-
bor. Why, really, one is almost tempted to ima-
gine that the present display has been the result of
previous arrangement, to give an opportunity for a
general recantat on. Why, was not the whole
tenor of the argument of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Walker,] in his speech on the Sub-
Treasury, to prove ihe evils of banks and tbe cre-
dit system, and (he beneficial effects that would re-
sult from an exclusively metallic enrrency, and re-
duced wages of labor, which were to be effected by
the passage of that bill? And has not this been tbe
course of all the arguments of gentlemen on that
side of the chamber? He was aware that the Se-
nator from Pennsylvania was not what is con-
sidered a whole hog man—he stopped at the half-
way house—not the half-way house of Conserva-
tism, but of a mixed currency. He confessed that
he was surprised and gratified at the declarations
and recanations of gentlemen this morning, but
he warned the country against confiding much in
the sincerity of those making them.
Mr. KING. The Senator from Kentucky, in
his remarks, had used the terms "recant, "recan-
tation." Does the Senator intend to convey the
imputation that I have recanted: that I have
changed any opinion heretofore held by me on this
subject? I desire the Senator to point to any vote
ever given, or sentiment ever uttered by me, which is
inconsistent with the principles avowed in the re-
marks I have made this morning.
Mr. CLAY said his remark was not intended to
apply to the Senator from Alabama particularly,
but to the former course of the party with which
the Senator acted. He had understood the course of
the Executive to be such as he had characterized it,
and he considered all that supported his Adminis-
tration as concurring in the policy indicated by his
measures.
Mr. BROWN said: That a very extraordinrry
spectacle had been presented to the Senate during
the progress of the present debate. After the ter-
mination of a discussion, which was of a nature
highly irritating, and of a strictly personal charac-
ter, between the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Buchanan] and the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Davis ] two other Senators had thought pro-
per to volunteer in the debate, and to interfere in
a manner which he did not, to say the least of it,
deem the most courteous, especially towards one
of the parties who had been engaged in this con-
roversy.
The Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Pres-
ton,] and the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,]
had, with much apparent gravity, congratulated
the country on the recantations, as they have
chosen to term them, in regard to the bank-
ing system, which have been made on the pre-
sent occasion, as they allege, by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, and other Senators
friendly to the policy of the Administration.
What recantations had been made by any Senator
friendly to the Administration? He had not heard
them, if any had been made; and he was quite sure,
if the Senators from whom these remarks had
fallen, had done justice to the arguments and views
of almost the entire body of tb.ose on this floor who
had supported ihe constitutional Treasury system,
that they might have spared themselves the trouble
of offering their congratulations to the country, for
recantations which had never been made, and
which, indeed, there was no necessity to make.
In regard to the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Buchanan,] he had said nothing, in the course of
his triumphant vindication, that had even the sem-
blance of a recantation. On the contrary, he had
only re-affirmed and reiterated the views and opi-
nions which he had before repeatedly express-
ed, as to the effects of the constitutional Trea-
sury on bank* and the currency of the country.
If he had exposed the opinions then for the first
time attributed to him, on that floor, they would
have been utterly inconsistent with all those which
he had, on many occasions before, avowed, and
which wer- to be found so explicitly set forth in
his published speeches, made, on former occasions,
on this subject. What! the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, a zealous and able advocate of the constitu-
tional Treasury bill, urging, as an argument in its
favor, that it would, among other effects, "sup-
press credit!" He would only say that, if that and
some other argumenis which had been attributed to
him by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Da-
vis] had really been used by him, much as he
admired the Senator from Pennsylvania for his
talents, and respected him for his integrity, he
should have considered him as an enemy in dis-
guise to the very measure which he was advocating,
and to which it was but an act of justice to him to
say that he brought that powerful aid, always af-
forded by him when he takes part in any impor-
tant debate. He would add that he had never
heard, or known, arguments so entirely preposte-
rous as some of those that had been attributed to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, 10 be nsed by
any one, either in that body or elsewhere, in their
advocacy of that measure. Nor had he known such
arguments to be imputed to any member of this
body, favorable to the 'constitutional Treasury sys-
tem, except in the correspondence of hired letter
writers, or in the columns of newspapers, devoted
to bank interests.
What did the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Preston,] and the Senator from Kentucky [Mr
Clay] mean by the general allegation that the
friends of the Administration in that body were in fa-
vor of abolishing the banking system in the States?
Do they mean to charge the friends of the Administra-
tion with hostility to the banking and credit system,
because they are opposed to a government of bank-
ing corporations, instead of a government of the
people ? Do they mean to charge them with hos-
tility to the banks because they are disposed to cor-
rect their abuses, and to arrest that system of swind-
ling and outrage which has been practised to such
an extent on the peop e of this country ? Is it this
that they call hostility te banks, and an attempt to
suppress the credit system? Are they themselves
willing to uphold and to tolerate snch abuses? If
so, let them boldly avow it, and the people would
then understand the value of that credit system, in
behalf of which, so many eulogies had been ut-
tered, and so much alarm had been expressed.
Mr. B. said that, so far as he had understood the
views of the friends of the Administration, both in
Congress and elsewhere, their leading object was,
in regard to the banking system, so far as the indi-
rect agency of the Federal Government could ef-
fect it, to regulóle, not to destroy it; to enforce a
sound and honest system of banking, instead of
that system of fraud and abuse which had been so
extensively and injuriously practised on the coun-
try, under the miscalled credit system. They be-
lieved, and the great body of tbem, there and else-
where, had so argued, that the Constitutional
Treasury system was the measure, of all others, best
calculated to effect these important objects. They be-
lieved that tbe fiscal transactions of the Federal
Government should be confined to a IMt*lu^T"
rency, leaving to the States the undisturbedi right ot
chartering and regulating banks, and authorizing
tbe circulation of bank paper, in such manner as
they might deem proper.                .
Indeed, the clamor constantlyraised .gainst the
friends of the Administrate, that they wished to
destroy bank , and introduce an exclusive metallic
