April, 1840.___________
£6th Cong««"1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
Appropriation Bi I—Mr. Reynolds.
H. of Reps.
Jefferson's administration. They opposed his pur-
chase of Louisiana, *rd wisHed to deprive the na-
ii n if ihat van lenitory to the West and South-
wet, and of the outlet of the Mississippi river.
Tney  !s° oppi^el the embargo, and, in fact, all
the important measure^ of his admirtstratit n.
In Mr. Madison's administration, the fame par-
ty opposed the war which was dec'ared against
Oreat Britain. In opposition to this measure, that
party acted with deadly hostility to the Republican
party, and was litre a vstt blanket around the shoul-
ders of the President during l~\e whole war. Toe
hi'tory of the war measures will show that the par-
ty lines «ere exactly defined and aced on through-
out the whole contest.
A charge is made against Mr. Van Burrn, that
be supported Mr. Clinon for^resident and not Mr.
Monroe, and, therefore, he was not for the war.
The journ 's of the proceedings of the Senate of
the State of N w York, an 1 the histoiy of the war
measures of that State, prove those charges that
he opposed h; war to be unfounded.
Mr. Clinton was, a* that lime, histh in the esti-
mation of the Republican party in the State of
New York, and, in fart, throughout the Union,
and received h* snpp >rt of that party (Mr.
Yan Buren being a member of i', and bound
by the party nomination) for the sole object that
the war might be prosecuted with more vigor
and brought to a more speedy conclusion.
The import int stuafon in which Mr. Van
Buren was p'aced enabled him to act efficiently
in the stiu g'e with Great Briain. It was the
great energies of ihe State of New York exerted to
the utmo t extent in the prosecution of the war,
that pre^ent< d an efficient barrier against the op-
ponents of the war in th; New E igland States.
The Democratic pany in the United States, and
particularly in the  State of New York, was more
harassed and annoyed by the Hartford Conven-
tion, and th- B;u -* Lght Fefleralists, than they were
by the common enemy. This treasonable conven-
tion had many friends throughout the adjoining
¡Sta'e-; and the r danng expressions of rebellion
showing a d-termiiati >n, almost matured, that
they wou'd recede from the Un'on, and join the
enemy, rendered th s party extremely formida-
ble. It was, in fact, a domestic enemy rasing
in oar bosom at a tme that the nation was
achieving her second revolution. We were in
a struggle with the most powerful nation on earth,
and our means of men and money extended to
the utmost; yei these Feilcalists wer.' oppo-in< all
the war meaanres, and declaring that it is unbeco-
ming a moral and religions people to rejoice for the
victories achieved over the enemy.
The p- ition of the State of New Yo¡k being ad-
joining ihis domes'ic enemy, gave her more op-
portunities to act efficiently in ins war than perhaps
any other State, and she acquitted herself with ho-
nor and pi jry.
In all these proceedings to carry on the war with
vigor and energy, Mr. Van Buren acted a decided
and efficient part. He was the most conspicuous
actor in classif)ing the troops of the State tor ac-
tive military operations, and was, in fact, firtt in
all war measures of the Stale, during the whole
struggle.
To prepare ¡he minds of the peop'e for war, to
declare it by law, and to provide the meaiis to car-
ry it on with energy and vigor, is more important
to the nation than to fight the batt'rs.
The patriots and statesmen who headed the De-
mocratic patty in Congress, and demonstrated to
th-* nation ihat oor honor and character would be
tarnished if we did no> defend ours-lves against
British insults, deserve the same honor, or even
greater, than those who were triumphant in batile.
Tbesame is due Mr. Van Buren for his exertions
in his sphere in the State of New York, and he is>
entitled to the same honor, as the most victorious
general.
The -ame organized Opposition that opposed
thi administrations oe Jefferson and Madiso",con-
tinued down against the administration-! of Monroe
and Jackson, and is now waging ihe same political
warfare against the present Adminis'ration.
Although it became necessary for the present
■Adtwmstfation to  recommend tbe Independent
Treasury sys em, in order to catry out the Demo-
cratic principles of ihe Constitution, and being the
sime pnn iples as formed the basts of Jefferson's
administration, yet the Opposition are denouncing
the measure from one end of the continent to the
othpr. They are almost as clamorous against it as
the Opposition party we e to the war. Each mea-
sure was forced on the Government by circum
stances over which they ha 1 no control. They
could not cr-ntrol British insults, and they cannot
control Stat-> bank mspensions. The faults of
others ought not to be laid at tha door of the Ad-
ministration.
The Opposition party conten! that the Indepen-
dent Treasury has deranged the cur tncy, and is
at war with tbe banks. The use and adoption of
the Independent Treasury were inevitable; and
without the consent of the Government, it was
forced on them.
The banks suspended specia payments without
any, the least, hostility from the Demrcraic party;
but, in fact, were receiving the full canfidence and
pecuniary patronf gs of the Govtrnment, and left
the Treasury without one dollar of legal or consti-
tntional|money. Under these circum tanre*, what
ciuld be done! The C institution anl laws pre-
vented the Presid-nt from the use of bank no'es
which were not co vertible into specie, and the
whole machinery of Government was committed
to him.. He was accountable to carry it on, and
this he could not rio without money. He was
therefore compelled to adopt the principle of the
system, and to use specie alone, as he could get no
other currency but inconvertible paper, which was
prohibited by law. For doing his duty, and for
doing what he could not avoid, he and his party are
denounced by the other party from Don to Beer-
iheba
Although this measure was forced on the Ad-
ministration, 3d it would be found to be just and
correct in princp'e. I will not pretettá to go into
the entire defence of the system, as the peoi le have
decided on it by having a majoiity in bo h Houses
of Congress in its favor: I will only demonstrate
the fallacy oi some of ihs objections which are
urg"d against it.
The great and leading objections of the 0( posi-
tion party are, that ii has deranged the currency,
and are hostile to the banks and ctedit system.
These charges are e tirely unfounded.
Not the 1 -asi suspicion or hoMiiity ex,s ed in the
Government against the banks at the time they
lU-p- nd<-d, and h'carae insolvent as it respects the
Government. I preend not to say ihey are in fact
in'olvent, but they pre gtteñ insolvent as to the Go-
vernment. The utmost confidence w-s.repo«ed in
thair honesty and capacity to preserve the public
funds. Th-; whole re\enus, at that time amount-
ing to millions and mi lions of dollars, was deposi -
ed with them. This fee ing of friendship and con-
fidence, and this vast df-pnsite of monev, cannot be
construed tn'o botility to thj banks. While acting
nnder the influence of the supp. rt of the Govern-
ment, and having th ■ public deposites in u^e, they
SHtpended, and 1-ft the Government without one
dollar of legal or constitutional money. These
are facts, f< r the tmth of wh.ch records and history
will sustain me.
Mr. Chairman, no one in his sotvr senses can
say that the Government cau«ed the suspension
Not only they did r.ol cause it, but it was not their
interest, nor fnr the benefit of the country, that the
suspensirn t-hould take place. It is a calamity
caused alone by the baak--, and tha o' eraction and
trade of thems Ivet  with the community.
As I see the gent eman from Virginia [Mr
Wise] is in a first rata humor, I will take the li-
berty to ask him what would General Harrison
and be do under the circum.tances which caused
Mr. Van Buren to adopt the Independent Treasur} ?
supposing that the General was elected President,
and you appo nted his Alierney General. The
Constitution and laws pievenied you from using
broken bank , and y. ur Government must be carried
on. You wou'd be forced to adopt the same sys-
tem, or let the Government be ¡-uspeode 1, which
would be much wo.^e than a bank suspension
You would not deposite the public money labroktn
6«njfc*.
I would, Mr. Chairman, rsppctfulty s#gest to
Opposition gentlemen, that it would be «aer« be-
coming at 'his time to propose some meastore fcr
rel ef and eform, than to denounce and oppose all
the measures of the Administration that have ihose
objects in view. S>nvply and solely to elect Gen.
Harrison P.esident will not of itself cure the evils
of which his friends so much complain. 'Harri-
son and reform" are in their mouths from one end
of the Union to the other, while we are not en-
lightened at all as to the "reform" or relief which
are to he given us. The intelligence of the people
will not prrmit these syren songs, wi hout mea-
sures, to draw them away from the Democratic
principles which they have sustained for ro many
jears. The>e principles have caused us to tri-
umph in war, and be happy in peace. Under their
influence our nation has flourished in an unparal-
leled degree, and are we to abandon them for only
rain and idle promises of "reform and relief ?"
That there is less paper in circulation than in
former jears no one will deny; the vo-ceof the peo-
ple, anl correct calculations, establish the fact.
The Secretary's report shows, that, on the 1st Ja-
nuary, 1839, $135,170,9y5 Wrrein circulation; and
on the 1st of Januaty of the present year, 1840,
only |lü<5,963,4"23 were in the hands of the people.
This statement exhibits a deficiency this year of
upwards or twenty-eight millions of dollars.
The question arises, and ought to be answered,
who caused this deficiency? Ha-« tbe Government
done any act that has caused it? 'On this
bang the law and the prophets." And before
I demonstrate the proposition that the Government
had no agency in this matter, but in fact tried to
prevent it, 1 will be permitted to say that the peo-
ple of the U ited States are in a more properons
and vigorous condition than they have experienced
since ihe formation of the Government. It is true
that there is not such excess of paper money in cir-
culaton as heretofor , whtch is one of the moit
substantial teasons to establish this position: these
empty promises, without specie in ihs va'ilts, in
the manner of bank currency, do not constitute
wealth, but a debt to the banks, which tbe people
have to pay for its use with ajieavy interest. Any
pe pie are be ter without a debt han wih it. This
excess of bank p.iper being withdawn from circu-
lation, the people are not excited by it into wild
and extravagant s, ecula'ions. They are, bow
turning their attention to substantial and real busi-
ness, an i relieving themselves from írqportat ons
of use'ess and extravagant articles of luxury from
fereign countries.                      \ -<•   .r- .
The people are returning their sober senees
again. The re.>einb e a person regaining his vigor
after a wine frolic. We will, in a few months,
recover our accustomed strength and vigor.
In the first place, Mr. Chairman, permit me to
say it is difficult to prove a negative. It is hard to
prove that the Government did not act in any
manner to injure the banks, or the legitimate credit
system, although it is true they did not. It
would be much easier to establish the fact that ihe
banks, by improper conduct, caused their own sus-
pension, and thereby tbe scarcity of mosey in the
country. Yet, in my opini n, I can demonstrate
by documents, acts at-d statements of the President,
and the Democratic parry, that neither the Pren-
de  t nor the party is hostile to sound and legitimate
banking operations—not hostile to ihe proper
credit sys'em, but only desire to correct the abuses of
those systems, and sustain a sound and substantial
currency in the country.
On this very interesting subject, which the Oppo-
sition to the Administration have so much perverted,
I must be permitted to refer to the opinions of
Mr. Van Buren, contained in his last message. In
all his previous messages the same sentiments are
expressed.   This will suffice for all:
"In a country so commercial as ours, bank*, in sum  form,
will probably always exist; but this serves only t« render Utne
more incumbent on us, notwithstanding the diwwurapmem oi
the past, to strive, in our respective stations, jo raX.a~,"r
evils they produce, to take from them as rapidly m™"6^ '
lion.of public faith  M*tM««**^^™£*:
atei
''  thirVnIwü^mTuig^ce, which ¿¿¿.themoneVery side,and
.«^fin^h^m «rfctl  to the performance ofthwr paramount
dn£3K« ¡M^^^^ ^«^*«
cenwUIng their own exclusive aOvantage.  TtKMaitd otto(
