342
26th Con "" 1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Reynolds.
H. of Rep9.
salutary reform  may, ui  believed, be accomplished without
violating any of the great principles of the social compact,
the observance of which la indispensable to its existence, or
interfering in any way(with the useful or profitable employment
of capital."
In none of the messages, since or before the first
bank suspension, are found any expressions in hos-
tility to the legitimate operations of banking, or to
the soond and safe credit system. These sentiments
all strike at the abuses, and at nothing m >re.
I will introduce the opinion of a distinguished
Senator from the We-,t, [Mr. Benton,] a** reported
in the speech of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bond,] lo show that the opinion of this Senator,
Whose consistency, as well as his talt nts, is ac-
knowledged by all, is in strict accordance with the
views I have above espiessed. Says Mr. Bond, in
his speech:
" Let the country hear Mr Bbnton speak the sentiments of
the Administration on this subject, and submit. In his speech
in the Senate, delivered on the 22d of September, 1837, he says
"'I have repeatedly given it as my opinion—many of my
speeches declare it—that the French currency 13 the best in
the world. U has hard money for the Government, hard mo-
ney for the common dealings of the people, and large notes for
large transactions ' "
In confirmation of the above creed of the De-
mocratic church, I will lefer to all the speeches and
writings of the members of the party to establish
the fact. It is, Mr. Chairman, in my opinion, the
safe and sound doctrine, founded on the Constitu-
tion, and strict Democratic principles. The Inde-
pendent Treasury bill itself, as it passed the Se-
nate at the present session, recognises banks, and
provides for the reception of convertible paper into
the Treasury of the United States. The bill
provides for only the fourth, each year, of the
payments to be made to the Government in
specie, and the rest in convertible paper.
This is a most wise provision, as Con-
gress will convene each year, and witness the
operation of th« measure, so that changes may
be made as to the character of the funds to be re-
ceived for the dues to the Government. This will
be a direct reward offered to the banks to resume
specie payments, and the Government most cheer-
fully will receive their paper. Does this look like
hosti'ity to the banks,? It is directly the reverse; it
is friendship and confidence in honest banking.
The above is the opinion expressed by the Presi-
dent in his last message. These are the words:
"If the change (from paper to hard money) was
gradual, several yea  would elapse before that
sum (four or five million) would be required, with
annual opportunities, in the mean time, to alter the
law, should experience prove it to be oppressive or
inconvenient."
These are the doctrines and the creed of the De-
mocratic church, which is founded on a rock, and
which will prevail against all her enemies. The
Independent Treasury is the simple, plain, consti-
tutional policy, and is in strict conformity with the
Virginia resolutions. It is in direct hostility to
the o d school of the party which was headed by
the celebrated and talented Alexander Hamilton.
It is extraordinary that the banks which have
suspended specie payments, are not content with
the laws made in most of the States to legalize the
suspension, but are determined to make the Gkne-
ral Government responsible for their sins. In very
ancient rimes, we read of the sins of the father
being visited on the children for the third or fonrth
generation. This doctrine would seem hard at this
day; bat it would be still more unjust for the sins
of strangers to be visited on one anovher. This
would be just as reasonable as to make the Go-
vernment responsible for the suspens on of the
banks.
The most enthusiastic Whig cannot be raade to
believe, for a moment, that the United States Go-
vernment created the State banks, or has any di-
rect control over them. As the Gove nment has
no direct or indirect agency in their operations, it
is certain the banks themselves are entitled to all
the honor, or all the dishonor, that may arise from
their own conduct. They must be judged, like all
mankind, and all institut ons—by their actions.
Two positions are, Mr. Chairman, incontestably
established by the banks in the city of New York,
and other parts of the Union, remaining firm and
sustaining themselves, while many others in the
country have suspended: If the Government had
injured the banking system, or waged war against
them, all would suspend alike—none would be left
to tell the story of their deaih. The other position
is also proved, that if they observe a legitimate
course of banking they can sustain themselves
with the Independent Treasury system. This po-
sition has been verified; as that system has been in
operation for some years. Those banks in the cuy
of New York and other places deserve great credit
for their firm and patiiotic coutse in sustaining
ihen.selves amid the other banks that have sus-
pended all around thun.
Can the most ardent friend of General Harrison
and "reform" take the suspended banks into com-
munion and fellowship, and place them on the
same footing of those that have acted with more
wisdom and propriety? or are right and wrong to
be confounded?
This "relief and reform," which is so dazzling
to the eye, man be based on reason and the Con-
stitution. We cannot relieve the people with bro-
ken banks, nor can the Government compel the
banks to resume and circulate their paper. This
must be iheir own operation, free and independent
of the General Government.
In order that this subject shall be clearly under-
stood, and not a single doubt left remaining on the
mind of friend or foe to the Administration, I will
present an extract from th« circular issued by the
Hon. Levi Woodbury, Secretary of the Treasury
on 1st June, 1838, requiring all collectors and re-
ceivers of public moneys to receive convertible bank
paper fur the public lands and other debts due the
Government, and the certificates of two public
ofiiceis which demonstrate that this is the course
and practice of the Government
"Important changes have also taken place since July, 1836,
in the condition of the banks and of business generally, which
have diminished the necessity for unusual checks on excesses
and overactions.
"Influenced by these considerations and by a desire to accom-
modate the public debtors as far as is compatible with the re-
restrictions of law and the safety of the pecuniary interests com-
mitted to my care, I feel bound to enforce the unitormity now
required, by availing myself of the permission given in the
resolution of 1816, to receive the notes of banks, and by extend
ing, under suitable limitations, the receipt of such notes equally
to all branches of the public revenue "
Copy of the certificate of the Register upon the return of the
Receiver at Milwaukie, for the month of March, 1840.
This is to certify that I have this day examined the funds in
the possession of the Receiver, and find the same amount to
452,177 64, and consists of the following description of funds,
viz-
Certificates of deposite in the Bank of America
Bills of the Bank of America    -
■'         Manhattan Company Bank
"         Merchants and  Mechanics Bank,
Troy, New Vork
"         Mechanics and Farmers Bank, Al-
bany, New Vork
Bank of the State of Missouri
$600 00
2,190 00
40 00
3,000 00
7,810 00
900 00
Gold......p,8IS 12
Silver......28,819 52
«52,177"&4
Witness my hand this 1st day of April 1840.
A. B  MORTON, Register.
Coi
return of the
the month of
jpy of the certificate of the Register upon the
Receiver at Burlington, Iowa Territory, for
February, 1840.
I hereby certify that I have examined the funds in the hands
of the Receiver at this place, and find them to consist of the fol-
lowing descriptions, to wit:
In Gold                  ....       |397 50
Silver.....11,595 00
Missouri Bank Notes     -          -          -     2,250 00
•14,242 50
Given under my hand at Burlington, I. T  this twenty ninth
day of February, 1840.
A. DODGE, Register.
Mr. Chairman, I have presented some of the
most important facts and reasons to establish the
negative, that the Administration has done nothing
to cause the banks to either expand or contract
their ú-sues. The reason must be found in the na-
ture of the banks themselves, and in the nature
and course of commerce. The main object of the
stockholders in a bank, is to make money on the
loan of their capital; and, as gain is the exclusive
and express object, the desite of such men has no
bounds. As long, therefore, as a person to bor-
row can be procured, who is able to pay, money
will be afforded him. There being no check, an
excess of paper in circulation is the consequence.
This excess of paper cannot be redeemed in specie,
and therefore a suspension takes place. Thus we
see, in the very nature of banks, is this inevitable
tendency of having either too much or too little
paper in circulation,
The Independent Treasury system is intended to
correct this abuse of the banks, and to render the
currency belter and more permanent. It will in-
troduce into the country a broader basis of specie
on which to place the paper currency, and then we
will have better and more settled prices for labor
and its products.
I have submitted only the outlines of this great
and important subject, for the considerat'oi of this
committee. Their good sense will enable them,
from the view I have taken of it, to raise a super-
structure on this ba--is against which the enemies of
Democracy cannot prevail.
The Independent Treasury is a great and lead-
ing measure, which places the Administration, in
thisiespect, on the Constitution and on the pnnci-
ciples of the Republican parly, which are coeval
with the Government itself.
After the expiration of some few years, and when
party feelings have subsided, posterity will be as
much astonished at the opposition of the present
party to the Independent Treasury, as we are sur-
prised now at the opptsition to the war or to the
purchase of Louisiana. They are all Democratic
measures, carried on under the guidance of the
Constitution, by the same party.
Another subject, Mr. Chairman, claims the atten-
tion of the people I represent in an eminent degree.
Theie is nothing so rear and dear in the article of
propcty to a faimer as the land on which he re-
sides. It is the home and fireside of himself and
family, and the means of their support and comfort.
Hence the subject of acquiring a home out of the
public domain is important and interesting to many
of the citizens of Illinois, and they have found
friends at the head of this nation, whose policy and
whose official •recommendations have secured to
those citizens the greatest blessings-
General Jackson, when acting as President of
the United States, recommended that the price of
the public lands should be reduced to a nominal
amount; and the same wise and benevolent
measure, almost 1 he same in principle, is also
strongly urged on the consideration of Congress
by Mr. Van Buren. These recommendations are
hailed in the West as the most wise and most be-
nevolent measures that could be extended to the
people. They see and know that the chief magis-
trates of the nation feel and know the condition
of a peor man; and they know, also, that these
Presidents are willing and anxious to ameliorate
the condition of the people.
In the last message of President Van Buren is
1 he following strong and warm language used in
favor of pre-emption laws and the reduction of ihe
public lands to actual seillers:
"On a former occasion, your attention was invited to vaiious
considerations in support of a pre-emption law in behalf of
the settlers on the public lands, and also of a law graduating the
prices ofsucli lands as had long been in matket unsold, in con-
sequence of their inferior quality. The execution of the act
which was passed on the first subject, has been attended with
the happiest consequences in quieting titles and securing im-
provements to the industrious; and it has been, to a very grati-
fying extent, exempt from the frauds which were practised
under previous pre emption laws Tt has, at the same time, as
was anticipated, contributed liberally during the present year
to the receipts of the Treasury."
"The passage of a graduation law, with the guards before re-
commended, would also, I am persuaded, add considerably to
the revenue for several years, and prove, in other respects, just
and beneficial.
"Your early consideration of the subject is, therefore, once
more earnestly requested."
At the present time there are many industrious
and respectable families residing on the public do-
main, and are not sufficiently provided with the
means to purchase their labor and homes. And
moreover, the pre-emption law, which is now in
force, will expire t n the 22d June next, and thereby
these families will be left in a very precarious situ-
ation.
At the time the Government acquired the public
lands, the country was thinly populated, and weak,
and was also laboring under the pressure of a hea-
vy public debt. These lands were pledged for its
paj ment, and the attention of the nation was di-
rected considerably towards this source of revenue
to relieve the people from the distress occasioned
by the Revolutionary war.
Under these embarrassing circumstances, a reve-
nue arising from these lands, to íelieve the people,
mast have been the first aad greatest consideration
