April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
26th Cong.......IstSkss.
Appropriation B 11—Mr. Wtlhr.
H. of Reps.
and sustained by State legislation? If you want
to change the system, you mu-l kick out of your
leeis'ative couacils the attorneys and emissines of
the hanks.
The Constitution expressly pr >vides that m mo
neyshall be drawn Iromthe Treasury, except in
parsuance of appropriations made by law. Is not
tht plaia meaning of this, that a "Treasury" thai!
be established, in which shall be kept the pub ic
mmeyl Will any one undertake to say that the
framers of that section ever contemplate! that ihat
"Treasury" should be me vaul s of an hundred
bank 1 Such a supposition is too ridiculous to be
entertained (or a moment. Our fathers, who gave
us that Constitution, obviously intended that a
Treasury should be established by Congress, under
the immediate control of the Government, in which
the public money should be safely kept, by the of-
ficers of that Government, until disbursed by law.
They surely never imagined that banks, created by
State legislation, should be made the purseholder
of the Government, and permitted to derive profit
from the use ot its fi tends.
Tne Independent Treasury, 1 have said, simp'y
proposes ¡hat the Government, through its own offi-
cers, should take care of its own funds.   This sys-
tem has long existed in our State Governments;
and, so far as I have been enabled to judgf, no
loa or inconvenience has resulted from it.    In my
native Stale, (Ohio,) we hive a State Treasurer
appoin'e 1 by the Legislature, who, through the dif-
ferent county treasurers, collects the taxes from
the people, and retains the money in safe vaults,
uatil disburs.d by law.   Now, sir, if you call the
S ate Trea.- u er a Receiver General, and the county
electors Sub-Treasurers, and collect the revenue
in gold and silver, you have the Independent Trea-
sury in full operation.    It* this system has worked
well in the Slate Governments, why, I ask, can it
n >t be applied to the Gjneral Government   Can
a iy one who has not already deternvned  to op-
pose tne Administration, right or wrong, and de-
nounce all its measures, see in this plain system a
"Jovernment Ban* in disguis V   L)o Whig gen-
tlemen on this floor think that, with alt their inge-
nuity, all their sophistry, aad all their decljmation,
i hey can make the honest freemen of this country
believe that a simple proposition that the General,
like the State Governments, shall take care of i s
own funds, is a "Government Banbl"   Sir, tho«e
who resort to sach logic as th s, underrate very
mncb C e intelligence of their countrymen.   The
day has long since passed by, when the people of
this country can be imposed upon by such shallow
trickery.   The peopls will examine the bill for
themselves; an 1 then the voc ferous denunciation*
of artfal demagogues will pass by them as the idle
wind. Though few of the Whig presses have dated
to publish that bill, yet, sir, it will make its way to
t e people.   You cannot suppress it; and, my word
for it, when it is dead, the incorruptible yeomanry of
this country will rally to its support.   But, sir, we
are told that this bid will make one currency for
the Government and another for the people! Icon-
less, sir, I have not been able  to comprehend  this
argument.   My po'itical creed teaches me to be-
lieve, that in thi* country the people consttiute the
Government; that they are the source of all politi-
cal power.   They have adopted a written Consti-
tution, and require that each department of ihs Go-
vernment shall confine itself within the limits of
that instrument.   That Constitution recognises no
n a other currency but gold and silver, and it seems
tome to follow, as a necessary consequence, that
the   Legislative department of the   Government
ought not to recognise any oher.   If the S ate Go-
vernments see proper to issue a paper cuirencj,
will that authorize the Federal Government to treat
itasmone)?   In short, sir, for I must not detam
the committee wi'h these desultory remarks, I ask
that the legislation of Congress shall confurm to
the Constitution; and if that Constituticn recognises
no other currency  but gold and silver,   I would
have your laws to correspond with that, and Wve
the State Governmeatsto manage their own affairs
in their own way.
It is th' usual pracice for the orators of ihe
Whig icho ,1 on this floor to attribute the present
SWaty ©f money, and the consequent diminution
in the price of produce ar.d of labor, to the policy
of the Alnimis,ration. The íngtnioiis demagogue
will go am >njst the honest farmers of our eountiy,
and tell them thit if they will aid in defe t,n  the
re elec'ion of Mr. Van Buren, the agricultural in-
terests will again prosper, and the products of thair
farms command a high price! I know, Mr.
Chairman, that these misrepresenta ions will
not have th; indendel effect. The farm-
ers are ton deeply interested in the preservation of
Democratic princ p'es to abandon them. It is to
the honest yeomanry, and to the industrious and
enterprising mechanics, rather than the barkers,
vill ge politicians, and city loafers, that we are to
look for the maintenance of our free institutions.
A change in the price of produce cannot effect a
change in their principles If they will looW at
the matter in its true ligh', they will not fail to dis-
cover that the present state of affairs is attributable
to the banks, which, a shott time sg3, floo 'el ihe
country with their paper, an! run the prices of la-
bor and produce up, and now hive reduced tho^e
price , by diminishing the amount of their circula-
tion. Pane and pressure consume a patt of the
machinery by wh'ch the Whigs expect to attain
pywer, and alarm the Democracy; ai.d we may
expect, so long as banks exiu in their present form,
to s<!e this stale i f things immediately preceding a
Presidential election. The great mass of them
being under the control anu management of the
Whigs, they can make money plentiful oi scare j,
as may suit the policy of that party. Sir, the
great evil of the times is the establishment of irre-
sponsible corpora ions, with power tj manufacture
a currtney. If you wou'd s'rike at the root of ihe
evil, you must strike here. Tnesa banking institu-
tions have engendered a spirit fatal to Republican
principles, and destructive to Republican virtue—i
spirit to live by any means but those of honest in-
dustry. You must put bounds 'o that sp;nt which
seeks wealth by every road except the plain and
regular path of honest ind ís'ry an! hones' favor.
By the incorporation of these in t tntions, with ex-
clus.ve privileges, you build up one clas*, at the
expense of all others—you enable one man ti live
by the sweat and toil of another's brow. I kmw,
Mr. Chairman, that we are sometimes charged
wi.h agrananism, and it is sad we are m favor of
an equal distribution of property, &c The charge
is no contemptible to merit a s rious reply. I
would not take fiom the rich man the property
wheh his honest industry had enabled him
ti accumula'e. The spirit of Democracy protects
him in the enjoyment of that property. But I am
in favor (and I tru^t in Go 1 I always shall be) of
an equal distribution of poli ieal right*. This is tue
lundamenal principle of our institutions, and every
law that violates it endangers the safety of our
G ivernment. All laws, to be ju-t, must be equal;
and every law which tends to build up and enrich
one portion of the community at the expense of
another, is a palpable outrage upon the senius of
our Cunstt'utton. We have, in theory, the most
excellent G >vernment that ever attrac ed the atten-
tion of man; and if our legislation had always been
confined to the letter an I spirit of the Constitu ion,
our country woald have presented a diflVient scene
from that wh'ch we now witness I ca-mot believe,
with the Whigs, tfca' Government should "take
care of the rich, and leave the rich to take care of
the poor." I would have the blessings of this Go-
vernment, like the dews of Hea en, to descend
upon th« poor man as well as the rich. I would
so shape the legisla ion of tha country as to build
up no moneyed arts'ocracies hce, who are to pro-
cure a livelihood by the sweat of the poor man's
brow. Exclusive privileges should not be con-
ferred by law upon one class became they had been
more fortunate in the acquisition of property than
their neighbors.
Legislators would have aited widely if they
bal resp*cted the opinion of ihe father of his
country, (the illustrious Washington,) as expressed
in hi  letter to Thomas Stone, under date of the
16'h February, 1787, the year of the adoption of
our Federal Constiiution.   In that letter he says:
"To assign reasons for this opinion, would bs as unnecessary
as tedious. The ground has been so often trod, that hardly a
place remains untouched; in * word, the necessity arising from
the want of specie, is represented m greater than it really Is.   I
contend that it is by the substance, and not by the shadow of a
thin?, that we are to be benefited The wis lom of man, in my
humbie opinion, cannot at this time, devise a plan by which
the cr-di 01 paper is-ues would bs long supported; cotise-
qnently deprec at.on keeps pace-wiln the quantity of the emis-
sion, and art cles fot winch it is exchanged nee in a greater ra-
tio than the sinking valus of the monev Wherein, then, is the
firmer, the p'an'ei, ihe artisan benefited 1 The debtor may be,
because as (nave o'isened, he g.ies ths shadow insteadef tne
snb3idiKP, an 1 m piopor ion to his gain, the creditor or body
politic suffers Wnetner it bs a Jegjl tender or not, it will, as
has been observed truly, leave no alternative. It must be that
ornoi'nn . An evil eq tally great is the door it immediately
opens for speculation by winch the kast designing, and per-
il tpsm^st valuable part of the community, are preyed upon by
the more knowing and craf'y speculates But, contrary to my
inten ion and declaraaon, 1 am offenng reasons in support of
my opinion—i easons, too, which, of all others, are Ieasi pleasing
to the alvocues of paner money. 1 snail, therefore, only ob
serve generally, that so many people have suffeied by the for
mer emissions, that, iise a ournt child who dreads the fire, no
person will touch it who can possibly avoid it—the natural con-
sequence of which will be, mat the specie which remains un-
exported wnl be locke 1 up."
S,r, if General Washington had Lved at this day,
and come into th s hall anl expressed such opi-
nions, the Whig-; wou d have denounced him as
a "disttnc ive"—an enemy to their beajttful
"credit system" and every Federal traorin the
land would have shouted "down with the 'Loco-
Foco *"
The evils of the banking system, as it has long
existed in our country, were se' n and felt at an
early period in our history. In 17i)l, Tnomas Jef-
ferson, the great apostle ot American Democracy,
speaking of the banks, says:
"The abundance of paper has produced a spirit of gambling
in the funds which has laid up our ships at the wharves, as too
slow investments of profit, and has even drained Uie tailor of
his needle and thimhle. They say that the evil wilt cure itself.
I wish it may, but I have iarely seen a gamester cured even by
the disasters of his vocation."
The same great statesman, in 1796, held the fol-
lowing language:
"I had always conjecture 1, from such facts as I could get hold
of, that our public debt was increasing about a million ol dollars
a year; you will see by Gallatan's spe ches that tning is prove i
You will see fuither. itm we are completely saddled and tin
died, and that the bank3 are so firmly mounted on us that we
must go where they will guide, 'lhey openly publish a resolu
tion, that the national property being uicreased in value, they
must, by an increase of Circulating medium, furnish an ade-
quate representation of it, and by further additions of active ca-
pital, ptomjte the enterprise ot our merchants. It is supposed
tha' t e paper in circulation in and around Philadelphia,
amounts to twenty millions of dollars and that in the whole
Union, to one hundred m Ilion I think the last *oo high An
the imported c immodities are raised about fifty per cent, by
the depreciation of the money * * * Mechanics here
get from a dollar to a lollar and a half a day; yet are much
wore ofTthan at tha old prices."
In the fony-'ourth No. of the "Federalist," writ
ten by Mr. Madison, I find the following in rela-
tion to the effect of these institutions upon the pub-
lic interés!;
"The extension of the prohibition U) billsof credit must give
pleasure to every citizen, in proportion to his love of justice,
and his knowledge of the true springs of public rrospenty
The loss which America has sustained since the peace, from
ihe pestilent effects oi paper money on the necessary coiifi-
d nee b-twefn man anl man; on the necessary confidence
in the public councils; on the lndusiry and morals of
the people, and on the character of Republican Govemmen i,
constitutes an enormous debt against the States, chaigeable
with this unadvised measure, which must long remain unsa-
tisfied, or rather an accumulation of guilt, which can be expi-
ated no otherwise than by a voluntary sacrifice on the altar of
justice, of the power Woich has been the instrument of H. In
addition to these persuasive considerations, it may be observed
that the same reasons which show the necessity of denying
to the States the power ol regulating coin, prove, with equal
force, that they ought not to be at liberty to substitute a paper
medium in the place of coin Had every State the right to
regu ate ih^ value of its com, there might be as many differ-
ent currencies as States; and thus the intercourse among them
would be impeded; retropective alterations m its value might
be made, and thus the citizens of other ¡states be injured,
and animosities be kindled among the States themselves. The
subjects of foreign powers might suffer from the same cause,
and hence the Union be discredited and embroiled by the indis-
cretion of a single member. No one of these mischiefs is less
incident to a power in the States to emit paper money than to
coin gold or silver. The p iwer to make any thing but gold
and saver a tender in payment of debts is withdrawn from the
States, on the same principle with that of issuing a paper cur-
rency."
Amongst the early statesmen in our country who
turned their attention to the subject of banking, I
know of no one who defined the evtls of the system
with more clearness and ability than John Taylor
of Caroline, one of Virginia's most distinguished
sons. In 1/94, he wrote a pamphlet on this sub-
ject, which I should like to see republished, and in
the hands of every American citizen. It contains
as much good sense and sound Republicanism as
any document of the same length in our language.
I will take the liberty ef reading a few extracts
frS?jS. toa£j of the pwala, « suffered bythefloverr,-
mew   ?•*£ W ■*  «•• wmmercial world, wil&piojT
