346
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¿bTH Coxo.......1st Sess.
April, 1840.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. If'eller.
H. of Re
ps.
«uppty us with a better ciiritncv than the involving, rluctuat
ln« counter eiuni i uirt in v ol roipoiaoons ]i bmk- tan
pay their debts, we have a suthueni spei le luuenc) on hand
II they cannui, iheir iredit ought to ie se
Oí paper money, he renoark.s:
"K paper «vstem <an transler property, transform pirties,
andihange the natuie ot tJovernnieiits li is an eueine that
has no resembhnie or interest to land, labor, or talents, there
lore it can be a IrienJio neither  '
In another place, he says
"H >wever ingemouslv a papei sysiem tan in mage artihci il
danger lor its own emolument, it is n< uliei able noi willing
to m*et real danger, and howevei rich it is mide by a nation,
the nation must -«nil d lend itstll 01 perish
' torpor ilion ol men hams and ol the mil, possessing an
unlimited monopoly ol the great mass ol the tiicnUtina; me
dium, can raise or diminish Hie price of all commodities, and
ui this enormous power is contained an unlimited scope, not
only lor reimbursement, bul lor proti IN iw labor piotluces
and pays for the consumption ot all commo lilies and tun ol
commodities, botluhe reimbursements and profits anse
The extract which 1 will now read, shows the
manner in which our legislation is corrupted by
the influence ot the- e ins, i utions-
'II a number of members ol < ingress are mo< khelders, or
b nfc directors, then an illegiuniJ e interest is opeiaune upon
the National Legislature 1 hen the banks hat e «eduied a   y
Irom their natural and consiitu'i mal allegiance, the representa
lives ol the States—and then pipi lor  1211er-—>ur Hte in 1-1
malignant enemy have obtained an influence on our nati mal
c >uikiIs,90 lar as ih>-y hare obtained bank slock Fne Ens
lish, who could not conquer us, might buy us '
'• W hen paper men gel into r ingress, or members a t by se
cret appliance , metamorphosed into piper int n it is obvious
that they will be influenced by their persoml private interest
producing them an nnmedia e ptoht in eash, ra her (han the
public good 11 ih" latter surte s, they will consi ler iheir own
acquisitions in nmneyasso mu^h boot, compensating them
abundan! Iv tor their portion ot the common loss One partner
may thrive and ihe rest be ruined  '
Again, speaking of the absoiu'e power which the
banks exercise over ihe pnces ol every thini, he
says:
"The bank, hiving the monopoly of the t> ilk 1 f the cm ula
ting medium, may 01 casnnilly increase or dimmish the tpian
tuy     It mav dimmish the qmntitv thus enham e its value and
purchase with its own  naper   certmcaies t n other pr ipery
which are depieci ited in the same proportion as the me hum is
appreciated     It may then inciease ih   quan iiv ot this < ircula
ting medium, lessen it   value apprei late ceitifuates   or other
property ol course, and then sell a por ion if the same Ceitih
cates, or other property, lo tike in the piper wh ch the ic/iofe
cost     ••••••    i>ne cicculaiin?   medium is the soul
and food of commerce      A corporation ptssessmg a power
over the soul, can animate or annihilate the b >dy ai pleasure
Bv withholding Us food, thev mav starve ommerce—by _lut
ting it, they may produce a mercantile plethora    A loteknow
ledge of these effects is an unlimited power ol ta\at on     In a
civilized society the circulating me lium is a «o th"soulnf agri
culture, arts, and manulactuies    All ihe faculties of the na 1 in
are subject to the regimen of an incorporated quackery, instead
of pursuing a natural impulse in search uflheir own subsistence
II the physician was honest, yet the artificial regimen in a «late
of health produces d^bdity, and hastens dissolution, b it when
his fees depend upon the irregularity ol his pres riptiors, and
when he is a meie Hiccius Daccius of a tellow, he will soon
destroy the strongest constitution '
There are a number <>f oiher passages in the
bot k belore me, whKh I had intended to read, but
enough has already been heard to show the princi-
ples apon wh.ch these instituüons are established,
the evils, inseparab'y connected with them, and in-
herent in ih° system My only object in introduc-
ing this subject, has been to awaken, ifp>Ssible,
the a tentioii of my countrymen to its im¡ uiianre,
and to the abselu e necessity of an est re and radi-
cal change in this system. I have alsj deeme I it
necessary lo refer to the e mafers, in order to show
the danger of identifying Ihe General Government,
in its fiscal operaii n\, with such institutions.
The banks were first fastened upon the Govern-
ment by a direct and palpable vio'a ion of th? law,
as was shown byaneltquent friend [Mr Allfn]
& few weeks since, in Ihe f trier end of the Capito1.
He proved by the journal, that <* few da>s after
Congress had parsed a law declaring that the pub-
lic revenue lh >u!d be collected in gold and silver
" only," Alexander Hamil on, ihe firs  Sfcretary
of the Trea>ury, and the leader of the Federalis s,
icsuej an order to the collectors, author zing hrm
t 1 take the paper of the banks in payment or pub
lie dues This palpable violation of the law, com-
mitted in the face of the Congress that enacted it,
ought to have subjected htm to immediate impeach-
ment and removal. The Federalists of this day,
acting upon the same princip'e which acuated
their former leader, are now endeavoring by law to
connect ihe Government with the«e institutions.
I confes-, Mr Chairman, that I have not charity
tnoagh to believe that the Wh gs seriously think
that the local banks can be made 'afe depositor es
of the rubhc money. It dot's seem to me tint no
man, who has paid any attention to the past, can
entertain such an opinion. Some movements have
teen made during the present session of Congress,
which show sa tsiactorily to my mind that the ulte-
rior ibjeot ol the Whigs is ihe establishment of a
Nat onal Bank. A few weeks since a distinguished
Whig mem ei of Ih s H u-e, from Kentucky, [Mr.
Pope] introduced a propositi n tor the creation oí a
National Bank, with a capital of seventy millions ot
dollars. Another proposition, looking to the same
object, was introduced early in the session, by a
Whig gentleman from Tenne-see, [Mr. Wn lums ]
I hope these resolutions will not be permitted to
.-leep upon the table, but that they will be brought
up for consideration, and members compelled
to record their votes upon them. In addition
to this, I have frequently heard Whig gentlemen,
in this, as well as in the other, branch of Congress
during the present session, alvocate such at  insti-
tution, and declare that the General Government
never could manage its fiscal concerns without the
aid of a National Bank. Besides, some of the
member* ot the Opposition on this floor have had
the candor to admit that the issue now presented
was the Independent Treas iry or a National Bank.
This, then, is the favorite m^a^-ure ot the Whigs—
this their plan lor relievin* the Government. I de-
sire that my counirymen should d st tutly under-
stand that the true issue now presented is an Inde-
pendent Treasury or a National Bank.
Previous to making a few remarks upon th s
subject, it may be well enough to stop and inquire
what was the great question up n which the politi-
cal pariifs in this country divided, directly after
the ad iption of the Constitution' We may de-
rive profit from looking back, and examining the
point from which we started What then, I ask,
was the great question upon which the Federalists
and Democrats divided? Itwaithe establish merit of
a National Bank Alexander Hamilton, the leader
of the F- derahsts, was the anht r ol th s proje -t
Thomas Jefferson, th  leader of the Demtcratic
party, was oppo e I to it, an I lent the mighty ener-
gies ol his mind to its overthrow he warred agamst
it because of its unconstitutionality, as I will show
directly. Here, then, the two great political par-
ties weie, at an early period in our history, di-
vided upon this question. Well, Mr. Chairman,
where are we now? Look around, and M=e whe-
ther the parties are not now at issue upon this same
question-, an i yet I have heard some se tlemen in
the Opposition claim lo be "Jeffer*oriian Demo-
crats " "Jeffersoman Democrats," in leed ' How
can they claim this appellation, when they are war-
ring again-t his pnnc pies, and ¡.uppTting the doc-
trines and measures of Alexander Hamilton
Why, sir, they must think the people are fool*, if
they expect to practise su"h an imposition upon
th m.
One word mere. I have nothing to siy now
about the military services of General Harrison. I
support Mr Van Buren because he i<s the ardent
fu ud and advocate of popular fnedo n—the sup-
porter of principles wh ch I believe to be insepaia
bly connected with the prosper.tyof my country
I orpose General Harrison because he is opposed
to my principles, and because his election, in my
opinion, wou'd entail upon the country the cvrs* of
a moneyed ar stocracy—destroy the Repab ican
simplicity of our free ínstiintu ns, and eventually
lead to the downfall of the Government. Jt h not
nec-ssary for me, then, to examine his conluct at
Tippt canoe, Fo t Meigs, or the Thames The
Housf has b°en ent rtamedupon several occasions
wph the certificates <f h s subordinate ofhters, to
prove his mditary exploits. I shall not slop to ex-
p'ain how these certificates were procured, but I
desire to say that this is novel evidence for a mili-
tary ch eftain to rely upon. Sir, if you wi>h to see
the real hero of the Thames, go to the other end of
the Capitol and look at the Piesident of that body,
[Col Johnson J Ask him for his certificates, and
he will point you to his body covered with the scars
of wounds received in that balde—he will hold up
a hand shattered by the bullets of the enemv, and
tell you there is the evidence of his chivalry and
noble daring in defence of his country's rights.
Sir, he is identified wi h the great West, and she
wi I never forget his eallant d eds in defending her
«oil. No—no—though he may be calumniated by
th  hireling press of a corrupt faction, the confi-
dence which the people repose in the brave sold.er
who poured out his blood in driving back the m-
vader of these rights, can nei'er be destroy d. H¡,
certificate was written on his bidy wuh the toma-
hawk, the scalping knife, and the bavonet, of oar
enemies The recoid of his military exploit^
not lo be found in the vague and indefinite certifi.
cates of subordinate^, but upon the tmpensh ble
pice of his country's history. But I aik pardon
tor this digression.
I am oppt setl to the favorite measure of the
Whigv, (a National Bank,) because I believe it
boih unconstitutional and inexpedient. There is
sufficient evilence on record to satisfy me that the
tramers of our Federal Constitution never designed
that Congress should exercise the power of creating
a National Bank. In the writ ngs ot Mr. Jeffer-
son, vol 4, page 525, I find the following pas-
sage:
"It is know n tint the 11 iv power proposed ni a means was
rejicted us an end by the C invention which loriied the ton
stuutnm A pr >| «sun n \ws made to Ihem to auih >ri7 Con
eiess to opt n c tuals mil in iim-nil iiory oiu to empower them
to inc >>poi a/p But the whole was rejei ltd, and one ot the
leas ins ot rejection ui.eil in deb i t w is, th it tlicv then woull
hive the | owur to creiie t btil which w old render the
gi tat unes where ihete weie prt pnli t s (ii d )eaIoiisies ( n that
subject,   dvi ise 10 ihe riCL| nun 11 tin Lonsiiuuioii "
Mr. Jefferson not having been a mt tuber of the
convention wh ch lram„d the Constitution, ou-
tained hi> information of course from others. The
souice from whence it wa  ob amed is explained
in another portion of his writings, which I ssk
leave to read It may be lound in volu..,e four,
pase 506-7:
"Baldwin mentions at table die follownii fact 'When the
bank bill was under discussion 111 the House of Representatives,
Judge Wilson came in and wa= standing by Hal Ivvm Baldwin
reminded him of the following 1 ict which passed in grandum
votiuon,' [to form ihe t oiistitunon 1 'Among the enumerated
powers \jioposed tobe] given to ( ongiess, wasone to erect
coipoiauous It was on debate struck out Several particular
p nvers were then proposed, among others, Robert ^loms pro
posed to give Congress power to establish a National Sank
Gouverneur Morris op post tl it, observing that it wasextiemely
doubtful whethei the Constitution they weie flaming could
evei be passe 1 at all by the people of \merieu, that to give n its
best chance, however, they should make it as palpable as pos
«lble, and put nothing into it very essential, which misht raise
up enemies, that his colleague (Robert Moins) well knew thu
'a bank'was, in their State, (Pennsylvania,) the very watrh
word of party thata hank had been the great bone of conten
tionbetween the two pa ties of the State from the establishment
of their Constitution, having been erected, put down, and elected
agtin, as either party preponderated, that, theiefore, to insert
this power, would instantly enlist asamst the whole instrument,
the whole oftheanti bank party in Penusylvania Whereupon
it was rejected, as was every other special power, except that
of giving copyrights to authors, and pi ents to inventors, the
general power of incorporating being whittled down to this
shre< ' VVils in agreed to the fact  '
Alexander Hamilton sent in his report in favoi
of a National Bank, on the 13th oí December,
1790. In ihe fourth volume of the Debates in Con-
gress, for the years 1790 and 1791, may be seen
the discussion which ensued upon ihis measure.
The prominent Republican members were bitter
in their hostility to it. Mr. Madison, who hid
been one of the framers of the Constitution, made
an able sp ech against it. In the course of h s re-
marks, he said:
" In making these remarks on the merits of the bill, he had
reserve 1 to himvlf ihe right to de ly the authority of Congress
to pass it He had entertained this opimonfrom the date ofthe
C institution His impression might, perhaps, be the stronger,
bee uise he well rpcollected thai a potter to grant charters of
incoipoiation had been propascdin the general convention,
and rejected "
This quotation fully sustains Mr. Jefferson in
the declaration, that the power to create such an
institution was expressly denied to Congres8; and
yet we hear gentlemen claiming, by implication, to
do that which the frarners of the Constitution have
lorbidden them lo do In another part of the
same speech, Mr. Madison, in remarking upoa the
inexped ency of such an insii ution, s-iys:
" It appeared, on the whole, that the power txeicised by (lie
bill was condemned by ihe silence ofthe Constitution, was con
de nned bv the rule of interpretation ai ising out ofthe Constnu
tion, was condemned by its tendency to destroy the main cha
ractenstic of the Constitution, was condemned by the exposi
tionsof the friends of the Constitution, whilst depending before
the public, was conlemned by the apparent intention ofthe
parties which ratified the Constitution, was condemned by the
explanatory amendments proposed by Congress themselves to
the Constitution, ami he Inped it would receive its final con
demnation by the vote of this House "
Mr. Madron was sustained by maDy ofthe most
eloquent men in Congiess in his opposition to
the Bank. I had intended reading extracts from
the speeches of Mr Sione of Maryland and Mr.
J«icks >n of Georgia on this sjbject, but it is per-
haps unnecessary. The debate to which I have al-
luded took place on the 5)d February, 179}. Tbp
