S4S
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
í6th Cono-...1st Srss.
appropriation Bill—Air Pe'rikiv.
April,  1840.
~tÜo( RepZ
spun Dem oacy, wh cb I to,low Ti e fust "cue"
I have carried tor thrythree jetrs; the laiter I
have toll( wed lor lorty \cu , aod uhch I got in
the t mes mat 'r ed men's s >ul-, during the re gn of
ter-or, dunng the davs of the Al en and 3edit on
law-, ani have io'lowel it evei s nee I retain
thein both a'  matters of priüp I ^i-h I could say
as much foi my colleague. Bat I an soiry to say
that I have rever known my c> eague to f How
any ' cue" long, neither ore of hair o ot pi tin-
pie. He never poss°ssed i ability enough to fol-
low any thing long at a t me My col eague an 1
m>selt have rarely followed t> e «ame "cue"
His "cue" of Antimasonrr, Federal «¡m, and
Abolit on, I feel proud to sav, I never did í< 11< w
He has been, within mv knowledge, at every pout
of the political compass—a Jack on man, an
Adams man, aCat man, and whit in my county
we call an (triphibious po/itintri—an Antimason
and Abolitionist Harrison man Ay sir, he is one
of that fanatical sect which does not vegetate in
my county—a sect that wvu'd ca>ry rapine, >oh-
feery, and morder amongst the peaceab e inhabi-
tants of the South, to gratify tre r nialtgn parposes
cr lust for office and power Mr Chairman, I can
inform my colleague tha' I have be a hom^that
I have visited my constituents, as I before ohse ved,
many of them in their log cabin-, n which 1 hare
often, very often, partaken of the r hrxpna'ity—
yes, tor the last thirty one }ears—and found them
-as 1 left them, sound, 11 ue Democrats, without
change or snadow ot turning. They are n< t com-
posed of such fumable, or changeable, materia Is as
my colleigue. They are steady, inquiring, sensi-
ble men, who will not disgrace them elves and the
country by aid ng to elevate to the P e« d-ncy a
poor, weak, imbecile old man, such a* they know
General Harrison to be, hut wi'l show their attach-
ment to th" price pies of he 1 fore athets, h} \ 0 11 g
for Mr Van Buen—v( t ng fir him, not because
he is called Van Bu-rn or any other name, but
because he is the candi late rf the Demociatc
party, and has satisfied them that he is hone t, ca-
pable, and devoted to D°moc_atie principle^ Al-
though my constituents have not been corrup'ed by
what my collesgu  and h.* decency parly would call
refinement, }et 1 caí a-sure my co league thry pos-
sess, manly independence, and I, a< their represen-
tative, shall truly repie^ent them If I do not. it
s.ha'1 not be for wart cf the will ti do '■n I can
assure you, Mr Ohairmnn, that my constituents
d-spise the party that thinks o me inly ot the in-
telligence of the ye pie a? to suppose they can be
induced to vrte for an imbec le o!d man, m rely
becauce it is said that he 'iv«-s in a "I g ca-
bin," and d ink- ' hard cider," and without be-
ing posseted o! any rther qualification r>
recommend him to their favorabe con idea-
tion I am well acquainted wi'h the pe >ple of
the county I reside in, and c?n «ay that there
are but lew men who have res ded in it (or four
years past that I do not know, and ro eouniy in
the State, of equal popu'aion, c mansa greater
number of intelligent, sound, unwavering Demo-
crats I therefore rep^l the ¡nMnuat on thrown out
by my colleague, ihit they were turning to be
l< log cabin "men (as he teim^ his p?rty ) as not
having the least loundation in tact. M> co e g' e,
I am told, has undei taken to -lander another coun-
ty, which I have pas eJ through twice dump my
absence. I did not distinc !y hear hm, but I un-
derstood him to fay that " old Bprk« " had b en a
Federal county. This is not true. Thep-rpe of
old Berks have ahviys been dec ded'y Democratic,
whenever party lines were drawn, and arp now,
what they always have been, and were four years
ago when they (as they often have done before)
carried terror and de^pur into the ranks of the Fe-
deral banki e ; and ihr-y will do so again at the
next election. Columb a and old Be k& are allies
in Democracy, and always go toge'her in political
strife for victory. Columbia has deserved'y gained
the appellation of " the star of the North," and will
retain her p ace along side of old Berk , to the
mortification of my colleague and his brawling "log
c«Un" partzans. I could, Mr. Chairman, if I
chose to follow the examp e of my colleague, bring
up reminiscences oí the gentleman's political course
for the last fifteen years, that would «tartle even
himself, but I w ill not o:MU>y tne time of the com-
mit ee wttn a theme of -o i,it e consequence, e ther
to ih°ni of to mi self
Mr Cha mm, if tne observa ions of my crl-
l'asue 'vere only to be ci tine I to Pennsvlvan a,
wnere we a>e both known, 1 woui 1 hivede pi-p 1
answering them, tut as they are intended to bt cir-
culat d ovei the Union for the purpose o decep-
tii 11, (and if I (Ud not contr'dict them, niiüht <n-
duee strangers to suppose that my consiitu*iit¡> and
mvselfwere becoming, like my colleague, rene-
ga'es irora DemoT icy,) I c watered it mi duty to
tre pa^s on the strict rules of order, and ni tice
them. I fe 1 grittful to the commitiee for their in-
dulgence, and shdl cease lo make any futther com-
ment up« 11 what concerns m ieif personally
My colleague, in ihe course of h 8 three day-'
speech, has occasionally endeavored tj induce
others to believe he wa- an economist, at the same
time e'early provine the contrary, by the occupa-
tion of tt e time of the commitiee and country so
great a length of lime, at an expen-e o seven thou-
sand fhe nurtured di 1 ars of the people's mone},
not n di cussing a subject under c n lderauon, but
indulging hi s lf, foi the most part, in attacks on
individua's, or in ndic ilous buffoonery, in doing
such dirty work ol the Harrison party in this
Hot s? as they were ashanW to do ih^rn^elves, and
would be pronably a*named e f it, wh^ndone This
l-economy afier a ta-h on, but when he rerl c s
that the seven thousand five hundred dollars h" has
waited would have bought se\eral good k is ot
land for honest farmer-, who wonll really have
been glad to live on the land, n even "a If g cabin,"
will not his con^cier ce tell him he ha  done wrong?
I am sure, if his constituents hear of it, they will
conderrn lh s waMe oí moil- } One other matter,
and I chah d smiss my codeague for tie present.
He has <¡a d a gr ar deal about the furm'urp of the
Whi e H u e, ard the pla'e used at thePre-ident -
tab'e. That sounds \ery fine indeu' whencomirg
from a member ot the party which airegies to
it-elf the li le of "all the dfcencypmty " Wh} the
bank*, the r favorite-, gave their officers more co-t y
plate than the Piesiden 'a I woull a^k my cal-
l<*ague if he was adirectrr of the United States
Bank when those in the dtrecu in of tnat ms'rution
■voted a seruce o< p a e, valued at twenty thousand
dollar , to Mr Biddle? Whe'her he n as er wa 
not I ctr ainly do not name this wi h 1 vie* 10 cast
any lmputa'nn of disrespect ot b ame on Mr. Bid-
die, for I kaow him to hip an honorable man I
ni-h mv col eague wss like hun I merely wish
to rem nd mi co'lfagu0 tha' many p-ivate indivi-
duals have piale more valuable that that hp finds
so muci fau t wi h in th° White House, belonging
to the nit on, mid net to Mr. Van Pu eu. As rr-
<pects the ltirnitu e of the Whi e H< u p, my col-
league has b^en «o hand'omel} and ab'y reproved
by the chairman of tie C(-mm tteeon Public Build-
ings, [Mr. Linci ln,] who truly named the observa-
tions of my colleague a  being "small game," and
' liitV menn matters," I shall pacs it by with this
observa'ton, that, as a member of that committee,
I have alwa}s found the chairman a highly liberal
and honorable man.
I ••hall now, Mr. Chairman, ask the indu'gence
of the comm t ee whi'e I make sorat remarks on a
few l'ems o<" appropnatio scoi'ained in the bill
now iWer considerati' n, to wh ch, at the proper
tioae, I intend to propo e some amendments, ard
rev pjv the objectu ns ma^e to t'-ose appn pnatious
by members of ih  Opjo 1 >on party In the course
of the speech mad" ycsteiday, by the chairman of
ihe Committee on Public Buildings and Ground-,
[Mr Li\col\,] he had censured the Presder.t for
transferring the appro| r ations made for some light-
houses proposed to be built at the mouths of incon-
siderable creeks, toward ih° finish ng of the Trea-
sury building. I contend that the transfer wa«
made conformab e to law, as w II be four d by re-
ferring to the act of C ¡ngress, approved 3d Match,
1839 The Pros dent having it certified to him
that the erection of those 1 ght-hou-rs was not ne-
cessary, hal not only a ngh , but it was his duty,
under the act of Congress, to transrer the ironey
appropriated for them to some other useful work.
Many of ihe-e light-house aDpropnatuns made for
the la-t four or five yeais, are useless and not in-
tended tor public good, but for electioneering hum-
big-, brought bek re CongrtkS and adv cated hy
Wing members or t) get tat johs for speculator^
ani 1' is perfectly light before they are built that
tí ere 01 ght to be ca'eful inquiry as to the útil n
bet' te such v t^t sums oí money are expended
li is vcy questionab'e whe h r the numi-mus
Ii2ht ho ises, bin t ak ng the coa-l, not only en the
cce 11, baton th- lakes, have n t a'e idtncy to
make nay gallon more dingt rou-, by einbanass.
mg navigator-, owmg to the difficul y of discrimi-
nating 01 riistinguishii g one from another. Every
*es ion of C ngress ih^re are bills asking for large
sums o( money 10 bui d light houses; and so fully
ha^e I become sat sñ d ot the impropr ety of this
kind of appropriations, that in nn e tases out of
ten, I am startled when I hear ihe word "iight-
huu-e" named m a bill, ci n vdfnng 11 synonymous
with t e v/(.rl "plurder " It is not the first co-t of
budding the light-house-alone, but the constantex-
pen e o! oil and -alary of keeper-, which is burden-
some to ,he countr} and una" to swell the amount of
the expenditures cf Gov em mt nt every } °ar, and fur-
111-h a theme of complanit ior Whig members ot
Consress, a'though they are ihe authors of all this
expense themselves Ihe very careltss and loose
manner in which laws appropriating m ney for
any kind of puD'ic bui d ngs arc passed, has a ten-
dency to invite and encourage pecu ation That,
however, is the fault 11 Congress, whose member*,
ins ead of examining each item of the b 11, and
carefully guarding the expenda ue of the money
by checks on the pab ic sgtnis, pay no attention
to ti em, but take up the tune ihat ougnt to
be devoted to this duty in talking about
matters totally irrelevant, I have rften thought
for the purpose of pieventng a careful ex-
amination In fact, all that contract irs ard
speculators h<-ve to do, 1 to kaep up the cry of
"give, give," and Congres-, without iruch inquiry
whether rtt? object the money 1- aske 1 for i« r.ec s-
ssry or no', passes laws giving all that is a>ked
When the report cf t^e expenditure- is made to
Congress at their next session, tho e munbers who
are the most ready to vote for all suth appropria-
tion's, ars the fit-t to join in the unjust cry oí "ex-
trai tgance, waste, and prr>fl*gacy ' against 'he Admi-
ni='tation. Wro are always foremost in voting
t! 0 e extravaginta. d o'ten usehss appnp-iations?
I an^wei, without fear of contradict on in truth,
that they are a large majority cf those members
who cad ti emsehe* in this Hou e Whigs, toge'her
witi enrugh (f easy-concc enced Democrats lo
make a rnajonty of this House
As an evidence of lh s et me draw the attention
of tl e members of tKe rommit'ee to the items in
the present bi'l makirtj appropriations for the new
Treasury bui!, ing, Pater t Office, and Po<t Office.
The e appropna'ions never have been b fore the
Commit ee on the Public Bui'dm** and Pubic
Grounds, as ihey ought to hive been, and as tie
rules of tie House teqnne, for inve ttgation, but
thpy have been brought before the Commitiee of
Ways and Means, by ill  Secretary cf he Treasn-
rj, on the e*tirratps furnished by an architect, with-
out any exam n tion or inquiry If this House
had enrorced its rules, the Commit ee of Public
Buildings would have ascertained wha' was the ac-
tual amount necssary, and endeavored to have
recommended mea-ures to preveut the improper
u-e of the appropriations. Now, sir, I hav  some
li t'e experience as to the reliance to be placd on
e-timates of engineers and atchitectx generally em-
ployed by Government An arohite-i does not ex-
pect to give 'he tru'h when a^ked to fu 11 sh an esti-
mate for the iri( ney necessary to erect a luilding
or public wirk, le*t, if the tiuth was told, 11 mifht
s ¿rile the public, and even frighten the roimbers
of Congres- entru ted wit 1 the pnject, and the
work would not be commence !: of course their ser-
vices would be no 1< nger requited
The immense cost of putlic build ngs erected by
the Government is to be attnbuted wholly to the
defect v  legislatun by Congress, and that often
the effect of the management of designing men
fi'ling sea's in that body. This loose and impnper
mode of lepi-lating is ihe can e of laws being
p*s«ed vo u g milhot s of dollars, to be expanded by
agents   without  any   limit,  guards,   or   checlés
