Agra, 1840. _________
26th Cong......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
Grant of land to the State of Michigan—Mr. Norvtll.
Senate.
and without any one being responsible or
accountable for the proper expenditure oí the money.
Extra duty is imposed on the President, which does
not beloBg to bis station, and which iiis impossible,
from the nature of his other duties, he can discharge;
do power is given him to transfer this duty to any
one. From this results a gnat loss of money and
a very great increase of cost in erecting th« build-
ings. Members of Congress take great care to
avoidalllabor or respons.bility themselves, but by
their own act place the burden on the President'*
shoulders and then denounce him for extravagance
and waste. Whereas, if these men w^uld dts-
charge'tbe duty which they are sent here to do, by
providing by law for the appointment of proper
persons to superintend the expenditure of those
appropriations, with proper restrictions, we would
fiad less cause of complaint of extravagance in the
expenditures necessary to complete the works of
the Government. 1 will prove what 1 say by
toe relation of a fact.
The plan on which the new Treasury building is
sow being built, is not the plan approved of by
General Jackson, as the law authorizing its con-
struction required. When the plan was submitted
to the General for his sanction, he took his pen and
very property expunged the colonnade, which Í3
now beiDg erected before the building—not by
black lines drawn around it, but across its length
and breadth; and not only did he do so, but he
went on the ground, and with his cane showed
where the • building was to be erected, forbidding
any interference with the present State building.
Why the present plan was adopted, or by whose
order, no one can tell—the original plan, approved
ef by General Jackson, ba«, by some mysterious
means.disappeared. I have, as a member of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, repeated-
ly asked for it, but can get no account of it from
me architect, nor any reason why it could not be
found. This has certainly given room to suspect
fraud somewhere. Bnt certainly President Van
Bares could not be blamed for an act which took
place before he was inaugura'ed, and of which he
could not b« expected to have any knowledge.
Could it be expected that hecouM watch the archi-
tect in a matter of which there was no record left,
except what the architect had in his own possession,
and might show him or not, as h- chose t There is
another exception taken to the President accepting
the volotary offer of the workmen at the public
baildings to go on with the work of the Treasury
building and Patent Office after the appropriations
were expended, at their own risk, without incurring
any claim against the Government, if Congress
should not make an appropriation. Certainly
there is no thin? improper in this when it was the
voluntary offer of the workmen themselves; on the
contrary, I think it was the mutual interest of both
the workmen and Government that the work should
be continued. A great loss of time and money is
always the necessary consequence of such work
being suspended It matters not how the work-
men disponed of the crtificates which were g ven
-them for thi* work—whether they were shavtd, or
jewed by banks or brokers, was no bus ness of the
President's; and I am surprised the gentlemen from
Vermont [Mr. Evk ett] should ask the question,
or complain if the banks did shave them, as he and
bis party profess to be such warm friends of
banks
The observations made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, {Mr. Lincoln,] respecting the
building about being erected for the Post Office De-
partment, were, in part, very correct, particularly
as to the discrepancy of the architect's estimates,
made at different limes, an1 the great increase of
cost of the pr posed building. With a view of
sh iwing how l:t le reliance is to be placed on an
architect's estimate, I will give the esima'ss made
at different times for this budding by the ar-
chitect:
First estimate made for first plan, Februa-
ry, 1839         .          .          .          -$280,000
Becond cttmaU, made for second plan,
one story lower, in June, 1839           - 413,000
Thud estimate, made for second plan, De-
cember, 1839             .          .          .  400,000
Fourth enmate, made for second plan,
March, 1840 -                                     450,000
And these enmates are made by the man whom
the gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr. Wise] thought
so very merionous an artist and an h-mest man,
on whom he [Mr. Wise] placed so much confi-
dence ihat he defeated the plan and views of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Lnc ln,]
respecting the Tieasury bniliing in 1838; and for
this architect's sake he [Mr Wise] assumed the
responsibility, and claimed the creoit for himse'f,
of erecting the present Treasury building, which is
a monument of ih« ignorance, if not dishonesty, of
the architect, and a disgrace to the nation.
But to return to the Post Office building.     The
principil cans-e of all this monstrous increase of
expenditure originated in thi> Houi-e.     When the
bill to autboiize its erection was before the House
of Representative*, in March, 1839, I attempted to
have a clause added, limiting the cost of the build-
ing to three hundred thousand dollars, altho igh the
es' mate was but two hundred and eighty thou?and
dollars; but I was defeaie.l by the votes of gentle-
men, (Whig members of Congre«,) v>ho aie now
joining in the cry of extravagance against the Ad-
ministration.     I again attempted to add amend-
ments to injure a strict accountibi'ity  for  the ex-
penditure of the money, and I was again defeated
bv the votes of a large  majority  of those  very
Whi;s who wish to make the people believe they
are the friends of retrenchment and reform; in fact,
I was oppo^ed by nearly  all the  Whigs  in  the
House, in every attempt I made to save the money
of the people.
Some hing was said about the Postmaster Gene-
ral's agency in the erection of this building. 1 can as-
sure the commitee that Amos Kendal has had but
a very small share in the management of it. There
are indeed no responsible agents acting under any
legal authority. There is a commission composed
of the fi ve heads of Departments; each of whom
may, if he ch-ws^s, give his opinion on subjects
connected with the erection of the bu.lding, but
neither of them are required, by any law, to as-
sume any responsibility which ought to attach to
such a plan. Of course Mr. Kendall had but one
voice out of five. His official dut;es are very ar-
duous, his health bad, and I have no doubt he can
spare but little time to examine into the details of
a work so extensive to the new Post Office build-
ing. He also feelí a delicacy in attempting to use
a controlling power over his associates, where they
differ with him, on account of the bu'lding being
for his own Department. If the act of Congress
had given him the entire andsole control oí the
erection of this buildine, I have nn doubt he would
then have assumed the responsibil ty. He is a
working man, both honest and capable, and in the
language of the Proverbs, "what he findeth for his
hands to do, he d<eth it with all his might, whilst
it is yet to day, knowing that the night cometh
when no man worketh "
If there is any waste of the public money in the
erection on the public buildings, itjs the business
of the standing committee of this Hou?e, "on ihe
expenditure* of public buildings" to investigate and
report them. The President is not be blamed for
this species of w^ste and extravagance. If it ex-
ists, why do not those argus-eytd gentlemen find
it oat, and expose it, who tell us so often of their
knowledge and belief of the extravagance of the
Administration and its agents.
I hope the commit'ee will, before it rises, adopt
the amendments I have suggested; for without the
increase proposed, the buildings, for when they are
proposed, cannot be progressed with, npr ihe work-
men paid. If the Hiase had ordered the proper
reference ot tiose estimates to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, agreeably to the
rules, then would that comrrittpe have furnished
the Ci mmittee of Ways and Means with the pro-
per amount in the first place, and precluded the ne-
ce>-  ty of my making the motion to amend. The
whole course of the legislation of this House is
loose and irregu'ar; standing committees are con-
stituted by ihe rules ef the House, but the business
provided by these roles for the consideration of those
committees, are scattered about to suit the caprice
or whim of the persons making the motion for re-
ference; and when matters are done wrong, the cry-
is raised by membe.s aga mt the Executive branch
of the Government, to secure their own negligence
own negligence or dereliction from duty. As an
instance o th s, it will bs found tint the business
prope ly be'onging to the Committee on Public
Bui dings and Grounds is generally referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, or the
Committee of Ways and Means. I hope we shall
hear less of this everlasting cry of extravagance,
and see some attention paid by members to con-
sistency, by their assisting to apply the proper re-
medy to prevent this kind of legislation, which has
been so prevalent of late years in this House, and
which is the real cause of a very great waste of
public money. For my part, I cannot conceive
how members can reconcile their conduct to their
own conscience', or satisfy their constituents, for
their ihus dishonestly, as I say, voting for millions
of appropriations every session of Congress, and
then endeavoring to lay all the blame of the bur-
dens they impose upon the people or the Presi-
dent, wh.n the President, at the commencement of
every session of Congress, endeavors to impress
upon them, in the most earnest manner, the neces-
sity ot economy and retrenchment.
I am daily amused, Mr. Chairman, to see those
croakers about extravagance day atier day attempt-
ing to get millions of dollars appropriated to make
harbors at places in their own districts, where there
is no water, and fortifications at peaces where there
is no'.hing to defend, and where no enemy wou'd
think of going. AU that matters nothing. The
money is the object. I can tell these gentlemen the
common people lead oftho'-e m3*ters, and reflect
upon them more frequently than s ime of our shoit
sighted politicians imagine.
SPEECH OF MR. NORVELL,
OF MICHIOAX
In Senate, Tuesday, J¡*ril21st, 1840—On the third
reading of the bill making a gran' of land to
d|d the State of,<"Michigan in the construction of
a «anal aroundahe Falls of St. Maria.
Mk NORVÍLL said, that he had heretofore
described the/ill as containing a grant of one hun-
dred ihjousarid aces of land, to be selected any
where in. JHichigan, to aid that State in the con-
struction éf a canal around the Falls of St. Maria,
to connect, by a navigable communication, the
waters ot Lake Superior witn those of Lake Hu-
ron, and wiih the other northwrstern lak s. It
provides that the canal shall ever be and remato a
high  ay for the use of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, free from any toll or charge, for the
transportation of troops and pub'ic property, and,
by an amendment, no toll or charge whatever,
except for repairs an1 attendance, was to be
impo.-ed after the completion of the canal. The
lands selected would not be sold under the min -
mum Government price. The selection must be
made w.thin two years, and the canal computed
within five years. He hid, moreover, no objec-
tion to a further amendment, requiring the Sta e to
pledge her iaith to complete the canal, or to return
the grant to th? United S ates.
The report ef the civil engineer of Michigan,
with the surveys and estimates, in relation to this
canal, had been printed and laid on the tables of
Seoa'ors. It was probable, however, that notwith-
sianding tha call for authentic information, and the
production of that informadnn, the report had at-
traced little orno attention from the S nators who
had made opposition to the bill. Gentlemen de-
termined in their objections to a measure, in-
dulge themselves in throwing out suggestions of a 1
sons against it, and were seldom dispised to be
corrected by documentary or verbal statements of
fact The survey and estimate c mtemplated the
construction of a ship cana'. The engineer states
that no difficulties, of a Sirious nature, exist to the
success ot the work; that the portion of the line of
canal, where rock is inücated, will not, from its
peculiar quality and position, require blasting; and
the expense will consequently be much teas than
would otherwise be incurred. The whole length of
the canal is 4,560 feet, less man a mile, about ,00
feet of wbicb only will require excavation.
His survey and estimates, as before remarwa,
