550_____________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            April, i84
26fH CoNG....lsr Skss                           Grant of land to the St .te of Michigan—Mr. JSorvell.                                              Senate
contemplated a shiD canal. But it was desnable
that ihe work should be so expanded, that the
largest steamboats might pass fiom lake to lake
upon it. This would require a>i increased n agni-
tude of trr locks, and a constque it increase ol ex-
pense. The íall to be overcome by the leeks is
eighteen teet, and the number ot locks three Large
masses of granite ¿u found immediately alon^ the
line of the canal, and the cost ot hauling that
heavy material entirely saved. The estimate tor
the ship canal amounted to not quite 113,000 dol-
lar  He should suppose, however, that the esti-
mate was n9t sufliciently 'arge At the utmost,
he was ot the opinion that a steamboat canal would
not cost more than 250,000 dollars. The land pro-
posed to be granted might, by judicious selection
and disposition, he made to yield that sum He
could not, however, doubt that the Sta e would
apply her own resources to he completion of the
work, if the grant proposad to be made in this bill
shouid prove inadequate to the purpose.
It had been objected to the present cons'ruc'ion i
of this canal, that ihe population in the country '
surrounding it was sparse, and that consequently,
the work was premature. Sir, the spaaeness of
the population constitutes a strong argument for
the immediate con truction of the canal. Tnat
would at once increase the population of the neigh-
boring country, =ettle and cultivate it, and rapidly
develope its immense resources. When that mo-.t
p oducuve and splendid of all words of the kind—
tnat great canal which first united the magnificent
inland  eas of the Northwest with the waters of the
Atlantic ocean—was commenced by the State of
New York, scarcely a whue man dwelt along its
western line for nearly two hundred mile>. It was !
now dotted from one end to the other with beau'i-
lul larm houses and villages, wnh flourishing
cities, and with a dense and prosperous population.
What but the great Erie canal had caused this ra-
pid conversion of the wilderness into cultivated
fields, and into the ready means of subsistence
and wealth to hundreds of thousanJs of peo-
ple? From Fort Wayne to the Wabash, a distance
of sixty or seventy miles,not a civilized inhabitant,
as he had been informed by a Senator from Indi-
ana, resided near the Erie and Wabash canal when
its cjnstruction was begun. In the v cnity ot the
Delaware breakwater, a very sparse population
was even at this time to be found. Sir, ihe ohjec- -
tion proceeds rather from a disposition to indulge
in the flashes of wit and merriment, than from the t
sober and sedate virws which become the states- I
man.                                                                            I
But, *aid the Senator from Ken'ucky, [Mr.
Cla?,] the other day, why should the^e grants be
made to Michigan, with a popu'ation of only two
or three hundred thousand, because similar grant*
had been made to Ohio, with a population of two
millions'2 Sir, that is the very reasm why these
grant  should be raa'e. Michigan was compara- ,
tively young and weak as a Sta'e, and required to
be strengthened Were she as populous and rich
a? Oh o, her own resource's would enable her .o
march on without the aid of the General Govern-
ment. It seemed, however, that the honora-
ble Senator desired to make ihe rich richer,
rather than to give his fostering aid to ths compa- ,
ratively poor. But when the earlier grants were
made to Ohio, she t >o was weak, and me led ex-
traneous aid. She received it I rom this Govern-
ment; and that has accelerated h^r growth and
prosperity. He was glad of it, and only wished
the same measure ot liberality and justice to be
meted out to the other new Slates
Sir, you have, in the upper peninsula of Mich -
gan, a public domain of fourteen or fifteen nvl-
hens of acres, which could never be successfully
brought into market, without the construction ot
the proposed canal around the Falls of St. Mar a
Without that work, the country could not be set-
tled and cultivated. It had neither mil tary nor
any other roads to if, or w.thin it. Tne only m°-
dium of communication to it, the only channel of
access to Lake Superior from the lower lakes must
for years be this canal. You have also an ex-
tensive public domain in the northern part
of Wiskonsin, which that canal will ena-
ble you the sooner to sell, settle, and cultivate.
Open that important work   and  jou  immediately
realize the creation and successful prosecution of a
ne v and extensivo commerce f om Lake Superior
to six States of this Union     From the ir ft rmaiion
which he had gathered, he   believed   that  he  was
within biunds when he stated that  the fisheries of
L?ke Supenor could, as soon as  the cmal should
be finished, be made to produce annually one hun-
drel thousand barrels  of fish, worth  from seven   (
to ten dollsrs per barrel, and  yielding  al'02Pth°r
nearly one million of dollars every  year.    These
fisheries were thought  to be mexhaustib'e.    The
fish caught in  the upper lakes wete  of the most
dchcioLss >rt.   They were various, but the princi-
pal was the white fish, superior to  the ¡ hdd,  and
su.ceptib'e oí being salted and cured, So as to rea-
der it far better than   the  salted  mackerel,  which
entered so   largdy  in o  the con-umption   of   the
country.    Tne white fish was so prepared and sent
to   mark t,  in   considerable quantities, from  the
lakes below Lake Superior     One  fishery  in  the
vicinity    of    Detroit    had    sime    seasons   pro-
duced  two   thousand barrels.     In   the   country
bordering   on   the  southern shore   of  Lake Su-
perior,   copper   ore    and   other   minerals   were
b-lieved to  exist in abundance.    Forests   of the
finest pine timber pervaded that country     It was
known that the p nenes in other parts of the Union
were  rap dly  diminishing; and  he  had  no doubt
that, in less than a half century, the Atlantic States
would   be indebtel to Upper Michigan for  that
essential material in the construction of their ships.
But these  rich  source   of wealth and prosperity
could only he made available by means of a navi-
gab'e commun cation between the lower lakes and
Lake  Supenor     In such a communication, New
York, Pennsylvania,  Ohio, Indiana, Illino s, and
Wiskons n, had  as deep an interest as Michigan.
It was a national  work  in a 1 us aspects  and re-
sults    It was important in a military point of view
The country, for hundieds < f mi'es, was bordering
on the B nish colonial front er.    A military station
had, for a long succession of jeirs, be*n  kept up
at the Falls of St. Maria.    It might, in the event of
war, be necessary to send both a naval and milita-
force  on Lake Supinor, both  for the suppression   j
of Indian hostility,  and for defence asainit British
aggression     The proposed canal could alone ena-
ble us to accomplish these purposes                            '
Bu', sail th<  Senator  trom Kentucky, on what
ground should you  make  this g<-ant to Michigan?
Why should this Government make it, when they
had been already so liberal to that State?   S r, this
Government have been liberal to Micnigan with a
vengeance' They have refused 'o comple the roads
which  they th°m-elve<  had   commenred in  that
State.    Tncy have despoiled her of a rich and fer-
tile territory on her southern b irders     Thev have
received into their Treasury nearly eleven millions
of dollars from sales of ih   public  lands  lying
wi'hin her limits,   ard   nr   thty  have graciously    I
expanded nit quit* lour hundred thousand dol'ars,    >
a I told, on harbors and  roads- wi h.n tho'e limit*'
These have been ihe evidences of the liberah'y ot    I
this Government towards Michigan, and she may
chiefly thank the honorable Senator and his friends
for the generous amourt of that libtralitv'   But this   .
canal is in the   moon   or  beyond  the extremest !
verge of civilizaron.    Sir, the  honorable  Sena'or
from Kentucky [Mr. Cn\] ought to have known
the country better.    Gentlemen  have, on   this oc-
casion, made a sorry exhibition of their geographi-
cal and statistical attainments.   The honorab'e Se-
nator seems not   to  have  learned that ships and   '
steamboats, freighted with rmrehandi^e anil civi-
lized passengers, have for years ploughed the-ir way
to the very foot of this canal     He seems to have
yet to learn that a civil zed  ett'ement and an Ame-
rican fort have existed there for nearly half a cen-
tury.    It is a pity, sir, that we cannot oncen a
wh le peep out of our own narrow shells, and look
abroad on that broad and magnificent fabric of na-
ture, compri«ed wnh n the boundaries of the great
like States. Tne genius of the enlightened patnouc
statesman surveys every part of his country, his   ,
whole country, its various wants and interesis. He
st engthens and guards the vulnerable pom s    He   i
extends the oegts of his protection where that pro-
lection is mest wanted.   The waters of the great
lakes are under the special cha ge of the Federal
Government, and the man fit to govern the country
will neither close his eyes to thvir importance, nor
will he affect to want, or in reality want, some de-
gree f knowie-lge, at least, of the just claims of
that quarter upon the constitutional care of the
•  public c uncils which he  may   be  ca'led upon to
gu ds ard direct
I        But ihe S*n.Uor from South Carolina [Mr Pres-
tan] bal  pronounced  this bill to be the revival ot
a magnificent  sysiem of internal  improvement by
the General Government     It was no  such  thing.
It had been the practice of   this Governmen', al-
most ever since the Constitution  was  adopted, to
grant lands for  the construction ol roads- and ca-
nals in the new States.    Tms policy had b tn pur-
|  sued  upon   the ground  that  it  was a  necessary
i  m^ansof bring ng the public lands ol   the United
j  States  into market,  of gaining  access   to   them,
I  ot   improving   their  value, Jand ot enriching  the
i  Federal Tna ury     Grants ot Ian-is for these  pur-
p s s were no part of a -y>tsm ot national internal
I   improvement.    No money   was   taken   from   the
public coffeis.   On  the   contrary, grants of land to
make roads  thiough   the   public   lands,  brought
large sums into  the Treasury, which it could not
0'herwnG realize.   Such grants had not been consi-
dered as an infringement el tie Constitution, be-
cause Congress, by that instrument, have power to
dispose of the public domain in such manner as to
them shall seem prop r for  the common benefit of
the Union; and that disposition of it which brings
money into the common Treasu y of the Confederacy
is, unquestionably, constitutional   A stranger, ci ru-
ing into this Senate, and listening to the honorable
Senator,  would have suppesed that the proposed
canal was a most expensive and magnificent work.
Magnificent it might and would be in its results,
but tne extent of 'he woik was extremely limited,
and the expense too small to deserve even a pa-s-
ing objection.
The honorable Senator had said, that the Senate
had been put in possession ol no authentic informa-
tion, no surveys or estimates from a responsible
source. They were called upon to make this ap-
propriation on jthe judgment of a single State;
1 a State interested in the work, and perhaps with
a paramount interest in the expenditure of the
i public money within her limits. Sir, the Senator
professed to be a peculiar supporter ol Staie rights,
and of the honor ot Ihe S'a'es. Was the language
in which ha had indulged towards a sovereign
Sta'e of this Union, such as became the champion
ot State rights and State honor? Was no credit
due to tSe hgislative enactments of a Stat'-? Were
surveys and e si i mates made by her civil engineers,
under her direct authority, irresponsible, and un-
worthy to cons ilute a basis lor the action of this
Government? Was it becoming in an honorable
Senatoi, claiming to be theguardian of S'ate credit,
j to impute sordid motives to a Statf of which i\e
I  eemrd to know so little? But the Senator was op
posed to entangling alhances, to co partner-
M ships, between the States and the Federal G>-
j vernment. This bill proposed no copartner-
ship, no alliance, on the part ol the Slate
of Michigan, with the Federal Government.
She simply a-ked for it an unqualified cession
ot public lands tor a spec tic purpose. The United
States were to own no stocx in the canal. They
would not be a copartner. The • injl was to be a
free and public highway to all the people of the
United S a'es.    Michigan desired no partnership
I     wiih the General Government. She asked and
she expected equal and ex^ct justice. To this ex-
tent she went—no more.    But ihe lands were  not
1  asketior in  alternate sections.    How was  that
1  po.siole in this case?    Here   was a canal not one
i  ini'e  in  lengih.    Could   one   hundred   thou and
I  acres of land be located, in alternate sections, on so
limited a space or ground?    Besides, the 'and there
had not jt-t b«en biought into market; and the bill
propo ed to locate where lands had been surveyed,
'  put up at public auction, and were now subject to
j sale by private entry.  How could such lands com-
' mand the extraordinary prices  intimated by  the
II   honorable Senatoi?
But the honoiable Senator alleged, that oi this
side of the Sena'e, w« had  lately denounced the
