April. 1840.____________
26th Cong««"1it Seis.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
Territory of Iowa—Mr. Chapman
H. of Reps.
Stales for their extravagant and profligate
expenditures on internal improvements; and
here we were «boat to create and carry on a new
scheme of inUrnál improvement witnm the States.
Now, sir, if the denunciations alluded te by the Se-
nator had been uttered, «hey certainly met with no
response from a large maji nty of the mem>ers en
this side of the Senate; and it wes a liitle extraor-
dinary that the honorable gentleman should treat
the grant of one bandied thousand at res of land by
the United States to a canal within a State as a
continuance of State extravagance and Slate prodi-
gality. On the contrary, the grant would super-
sede the neces-ity of S ate expenditure.
The Senator, in the exces« of his zeal for State
credit, had declared that he justified the States in
all that they had done. Well, wr, the State of
Michigan commenced this canal m May lasi; and,
bat for the improper interference of the United
States military officers at Fort Brady, the work
would have gone on. Upon the principle avowed
by the Senator, he was bound to justify what the
State had in this case done; and the best justifica-
tion he could extend to her would be to vote her
the lands, which would enable her to complete
whit she had begun.
He would add, that the large grant of lands to
the Illinois canal was made wuh<>ut ei her survey
or estimate of aay sort; and the grant to the Mia-
mi and Dayton canal was made b?fore the route
of the Canal was designated.
He considered all the difficulties and objec-
tions interposed, on loose and imperfect informa-
tion, to have been conclusively removed; and he
hoped that the bill would be permitted to pass
without farther opposition.
REMARKS OF MR. CHAPMAN,
OF IOWA.
J* ike House of Representatives, April 29, 18401— In
Committee of the Whole, on the amendment of-
fered by him, "to supply the deficiency 114 the
appropriation for the year 1839,  for defn
the expenses of the Legislative Assembly or^fie
Territory of Iowa, #14,000 "
Mr. Chairman: I n*e not to make a speech for
home consumption, bat, if possible, to sustain  the
proposition which I have had the honor of submit-
ting fur the consideration of the committee.   And
I very much regret that the chairman of the com-
mittee of Ways an i Means has ihoughl it neces-
sary to oppose this appropriation, because his in-
fluence here is very great, both as a gentleman and
as being at the head of the most important and re-
sponsible committee of this House.
Generally, the Territories are looked upon in
the light of begging the crumbs that fall from the
rich man's table; but I base this proposition upon
more substantial grounds. You established the
Territorial Government; it is a creature of
your own; and, by every principle of justice, hu-
man and Divine, you are bound to support it. In
the organic law ot Iowa, which passed Congress
and became a law the 12th June, 1838, may be
found the following clause: "And there ^hall also
be appropriated, annually, a sufficient mm, to be
expended by the Secretary of the Territory, and upon
«• estimate to be made by the Secretary of the Trea-
sury of the United States, to defray the expenses of
the Legislative Assembly, the printing of the laws, and
other incidental expenses."
Now, sir, Congress made a pledge to appropriate
annually a tujteieni sum to defray the expense* of
the Legislature of Iowa. Heretofore you have
failed to make this appropriation, because you
were not advised of the necessary amount. Now
when the expense  have been incurred, and it is
found there is a substantial deficiency, we are told
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that the deficiency, actual and substantial
as it is, must not be supplied, because the Secre-
tary of the Treasury refuses to sanction it. Sir
you have been told by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, ihat my letter to the
Secretary of the Treasury, enclosing a copy of «he
resolution of the Legislature of Iowa, was sub-
mitted to his committee, but that as the Treasury
Department had failed to recommend the appro-
pnation, the papers were returned for the opinion
of the Secretary. What answer does the gentle-
man say he recti ved from the Department? Why,
&ir, "that he {the Executive) does not feel inclined to
go beyond the estimates furnished by the Governor."
This, nr, is the answer, as read by the honorable
member. Well, sir, the Commi'.tee of Ways and
Means rejects the appropriation, and the result is,
the chanman of the committee, with his acknow-
ledged abilities, is here opposing this appropriation
because the Sicretary of the Treasury says he can-
not sanction it.
Mr. Chairman, it is not because the Legislature
ot Iowa have exceeded in their expenditures the
amount usually appropriated to defray the expen-
ses of ihe o'her Territories, but because, from some
cause i r 0 her, you have appropriated a less sum
to defray the expense? of Iowa than Wiskonsin,
with precisely the sime form of Government.
What are the relative appropriations lor tho*e
two Territoiietl I invite the attention of the
House to facts, and challenge the gentleman to ac-
count satisfactorily for the difference.
The whole amount of appropriations for Wis-
konsm for the year 1838, was $38,725; for the
year 1839, the sum appropriated was $41,825; and
the estimate and amount in the bill now under con-
sideration for 1840, is $43,535; making in the
aggresa'e the sum of $124,075 appropriated to de-
fray the expenses of th- Government of Wiskonsm,
including Governor, Judges, &c. Now, sir, wbat
were the appropriations on Iowa for the same ob-
jects'? For the year 1838, the sum o( $24,675,
and for the )e*r 1839, the sum of $28,950, was
appropriated, and the estimates for the year It 10,
being the amount now contained in th'S bill, the
sum of $36,500: amounting in the whole to the
sum of $90,125, including the salary of Governor,
Judges, «fee. which shoxvs a difference" in the appro-
priation for the two Territories of $33,950. Why
this/dl^tiac'ion in Governments precisely similar in
cry respect? I mention this, Mr. Chairman,
not by way of comp'aint against the treatment
towards the o her Territories.. N", sir; far be it
from me to complain of them. They do not re-
ceive half as much as they deserve. Rest this
proposition alone upon the estimates of the Go-
vernor, and in justice it must succeed; became, for
the expenses of the Assembly, printing, fuel, &c for
the year 1839, the Governor est mated the amount
of$2Q,40#; lor the same object in 1540 his esti-
mate is $27,050; requiring for 1810 a larger sum
by nearly $7,000, than tor 1839. The?e sums of
cours3 do net include the salary of the Governor,
Judges, &c. We see by comparing the estimates
of the Governor, that the increaj-e is at the rate
of nearly seven thousand dollars per annum.
And I ask why is it so? Is it because ihe necessary
expenditures of 1840 Will be larger than 1839, or is
it because experience has taught him that the esti-
mates of 1839 were not sufficient? Sir, it is plain
to every gentleman that the latter is ihe cause of
the increas-. Tbe sessions of 1838 and of 1839
were the first two sessions of the Legislature of
Iowa. The Government was to organize, a new
code of laws to make, print, and publi-h, unle s
the honorable cha rmao of the Committee of Ways
and Means should think it proper to restrict fifty
or sixty thousand inhabitants, disperse^ over a ter-
ritory nearly three hundred miles in length, to the
use of th ee or four copies of the Michisan code.
Buildings for the sitting of the Legislature must be
secured, and various other expenses incurred, al-
ways greater in organizing a Government, than at
any other periods. All these expenses were incur-
red in the first two and only sessions yet held.
To defray the expenses of 1839, tbe sum of
$20,400 was appropriated upon the estimates of
the Governor. To defray the expens-s ot 1840,
the Governor's estimates are $27,050. Now, sir,
although the latter sum will be scarcely sufficient,
yet I am sure the causes for expenditure in the an-
nual session of 1840 will be less than in 1839 by at
least $5,000. Because the code of laws will have
been made, printed, and published, the Government
organized and under way, and the expenses con-
sequently much less than in former years. Then,
 ir, take the estimates of the Governor for 1840 as
the standard, and compare the necessary expendi-
tures of 1839 with those of 1840, and it will at once
be p'rceived that if the sum of $27,050 is necessa-
ry for 1840, that the expenditures of 1839 being
neces-.anly greater by at least $5,000 than the
succeding year, this appropriation is just and pro-
per, and will not, when it is added to the sum Of
$2i),400, exceed  the .standard fixed by the Gover-
nor. Thus, sir, nice'ing the chairman of ihe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means upon his own ground,
I think the proposed amendment to the bill should
be agieed to.
The honorable member seems to argue as though
the sanction of the Governor is indispensable to the
successor this propoaitK ri, and that he cannot
ihink of going beyond the  am contained in his
estimates. It I could be certain that it would sa-
tisfy him, I would show that the presumption is
that the Governor has sanctioned this sum. The
letter now in my hand will show that ihe Legisla-
tute, at the close of ihe session, after expending the
sum of $20,400, when alone it could be ascertain-
ed huw much money was. necessary, passed a reso-
lution requesting the sum I propose as an amend-
ment to the bill under consideration:
"Burlington', Jan  14, 1840
"DbarSir- Among the resolutions which have passed both
branches of the Legislature, now in session, the enclosed copy
of which is deposited 111 my office, I find the following
"Resolved by the Council and House of Representatives
of the Territory of Iowa, That our Delegates in Congress be
instructed to apply for an additional appropriation of fourteen
thousand d 'liars, to defray the expenses of the present Legisla-
tive Assembly of Iowa Territory.
"Signed by the presiding officers.
JABÍES CLARK.
"Hon W. W. Chapmah "
This resolution, if not returned by the Governor
to ihe Legislature, in law is considered as sanction-
ed by him, and is to be filed wiih the S-cretary of
the Territory. Sir, what difference is thffe be-
tween an estimate submitted before the expenditure
is incurred and afterward ? There is this difference
in my opinion: the first is based upon mere suppo-
sition—the latter upen actual expenditure, and
should, therefore, te the one to govern legislation.
Wh*t would be the state of your public buildings-
if the estimate, in advance of the expenditure,
should fix the bounds of appropriations. Look to
your estimates for public buildings, and compare
them with subsequent legislation. Why they have
never been sufficient. This very bill proves that
fact beyond dispute.
Then, sir, I have sustained this proposition, not
only upon the ground that it requires as much to
defray the expenses of the Iowa Legislature as ihat
of Wiskonsin, but also, under the rule which the
chairman of the Commi'tee of Ways and Means
wishes to esiablish, that the estimates of the Go-
vernor and Secretary of ihe Treasury should form
the basis of the appropriation.
Mr. Chairman, I propose to answer one other
objection raised by the gentleman who opposes
this amendment; that is, that instead of $20,400, as
•-tated by me, he says there was the sum of
$36,000 appropriated for 1839. It is true that
that sum was appropriated in 1839; but if he will
examine the act of last session, he will see that up-
wards of $16,000 of that sum was specifically ap-
propriated to defray the deficiency in the appropri-
ation for 1838, which, taken from the whole .«um,
leaves, applicable to the expenses of 1839, the sum
only of $20,400
Sir, if tbe honorable gentleman will turn his at-
tention to the letter of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, which I now send to the
Clerk to be read, he will perceive very stong
inducements to continue the support of the Terri-
torial Government of Iowa:
General Land Offick,
February 6, 1810.
Fm I hare the honor to make  the following statements in
reply to your inquines of the 3d inat. to wit-
Amount paid by purchasers of public land in  Iowa, from tne
earliest period of the sales to 31st December,                  . _,
1830         ....-•   •716, ** 74
Quntn'y of public land offered for sale during the eam¿p^'^
Quantity now under proclamation, to be on>red
for safe in March and May nrat, viz f"h«J?u¿
lington lairfoffice             -          -.Sf,, 
At the Du Buque land office-         - l.Jff.uaa 1    ¡3.33275575
Quantity remaining to be proclaimed for sale,    j^^gg
Andthat the period of bringing this .last named quantity into
