352
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mai*. 1840.
26th Cons.--.1st SESi.
Treaty with the New Yoik Indians—Mr. Wrigh'.
Senate
REMARKS OF MR. WEIGHT,
OF T>EW YORK,
In Executive s<>s ons of the Senate, upon the seve-
ral days whenÜhe tre?t7 wiih the íiew Ym)t In-
dians was u ider con.i Irratn n, cojiimsncwg on
the 18.h and u.dmj on the 25 h day of .Alareh,
1840.                                             '     /
Mr. WRIGHT said he must prdc^d/the direct
discassion of the irea'y by a few preliminary re-
ma-ks, ca'culated to show the g,ound  upon wmch
he acted, and ih? cons deration'; wtinh had govern-
ed him, in ihe examina ion o' the co'np icutd case
presented in the book of p-inted documents which
bad been laut belore the ¡senate.
And his firs' remark of this character was tha*,
if he knew himself, his p i icip.il uio ive, 'n urging
t.ie final con.ummation of t us ireit/ upon the Se-
nate, was his d<-epconvtcuo,ioi the cenen s,rr sent
and fniure, when would be conferred upon the
sinking bands of Indians, who were parties to it,
fiom its final cmfirmaiim He wai well aware
tha', in making this declaration, he was sut j ctn g
himself to d>ublesuspicion. These Indians wee
within his own State, a'-d it would be assumed that
the whites were anxious tor their final removal out
of their way. Not so in fact, to an extent w hub.
would warrant a removal in any decree u,¡just.
The band* had become Do sma'l, too much worn
away by that contact with the whites, which is de-
struction to the Indian, to leave any fear trom their
remaining, upon the minds of their white n* lghbors.
market, will depend upon th« action or Congie-s imegud to
the mineral lands u tha United sutes
With great leaped,sir,
Yout obedient servant,
.UM  WIHTCOVIB,
Commissioner
The Hot \V \V. Ohafmast,
House ol KepresuHatives
It is from tnat country you are receiving large
suinsof money—anarmunt calculated, in ihe pn-
«e. t s'a e ot the Treasury, to do much good. I
have le'ore ms a able, which '«.hows ihe number
ot acres ot land proclaim d for sale in this year.
\muuntoffered in March, I^t0s95 00o ane*
Mouev re aved at the sales in Miuh, 1*40,  as atatsdinths
newspapers, 8176 000                                                            ,
Number ot acies proclaimed for IS40,1,337,000                         |
Atnouiv received atsales, exclusive ol pnvaie entry $1 192,344
PioUable amount to be icee \ed this^eii       .                500,000
The amount winch will probably be íeceived from
the bale ot  mineral lands, it die bill now befoie
the House toi the «ale ot th se Ian Is bhoul i piss -      400,000
Probable amount whit h n ill have been receiierl for
s-ileoflanduat private entry, by December, 1S40        400 000
Making in the vvho'e                    -82493841
I inquire of every gentleman whether it is ju-t to
establish this Territory, and then rcluss to support
it, especially wnen you have derived «o much reve-
nue from the sale of lands wuhin it< limits Wei',
sir, debts have been incurred; and if you refuse to
pay them, the people most necessari'y be taxed to
ra'se the money. With what countenance can I
meet my constituents, if this propo Uion is reject d?
And in such event, what must be the feelings of the
peop'e towards tie General Government? It you
intend to ea-t us oif, say so at once, and «e will
cut 'oose from yoa.
Mr Chairman, to whom are these debts owing?
Not to the  members  of Ine L'g slaiure,   against
whom an  unjust prejudice has been excited here.
No, sir—laboring men, merchants, and mechanics.
The church is your creditor, and  you refuse pay-
ment, not because yon are unable, bu1 becausi you
are unwilling, top'y.   The building ot the Me-
thodist church was hm hed undf>r verv embairasv
ing circumstances, to accrm no.late the Legi>lature
with a place to   hold its se>sions.    Their schools
were  turned  out  ot doors,  and  members o! the
church put to great expan-e for your conven ence;
and yet this  piopo-i'ion is opp ised    Sir, I put it
to the chairman of the C >mm't ee of Ways and i
Means, a high minded and honorable  gem'eman,  ¡
as I know him to b*, wre rter he coul i recon< lie it I
to his feelings to hive the benefit of the tabor nod  I
property of hard work.ng men,  and lefu e a just i
compensition.    Some ol the«e  debts  aie <lu" to  [
print rs, tor printing and pablishu g the laws    One
of them  is  a Democrat, and the o her a  Wi.ig
Tnereiore, so far as pjlucal considerations can
have  any  beating,  I  thai! expect tne su¡rpoit of
both part e<.
The teni'ory they re'an, too, had become too
small t3 excite an extensive cupidity for its posses-
sion, or any strong hope of profit from its purchase
by ihe whn  man. Then the treaty contained no
provision for the forcible removal of any of these
Ind'ans, and therefore considerations of th s cha-
racter could have but a qualified influence in the
matter.
The real truth was, and he owed it to his consti-
tuents tosíale it, that a just anl rational sjmoathy
foi this perishing remnant of a orce m ght> savage
Confederacy prevailed much more st ongly in fa-
vor of the treaty than any motives of indivilual or
associated interest. True it was that a'l the bands
were in the mi 1st of a dense population, an1 that
o ¡e portion of one of them was upon the b irder of
a Iarg* and growing citv, imbibing us vices with
the readiness with which the dry ear.h absorbs the
rain which lal's upon it; and yet all that dense po-
pu'ation, even that incommoded city, would be
ih° la«t to urge a removal of these Ind ans against
their ínteres s, and the fir^t to censure him, it he
should urge the proclamation of a tieaty for that
purpose, which was not palpably beneficial to the
suffering red men
He was liable to suspicion, t o, as favoring the
interest- of ihe company, who held the pre-emptive
r'ght n the lanr's of ihe Seneca band ot these In-
diai s, when ih y shall sjrrender the possession.
He believed the members of this comnany were
mostly, and perhaps entirely, residents < f his State;
and hencs it might bi be íeved that his act on was
influenced by treir persuasion, or iniijence, or in-
terest It would become his dutv, in the course of
the discussion, to bpeak more particularly cf thi*
company and of thur runts; but it was enough
now 'o say, that but one single member ot it, to
his knowledge, had ever mentioned the subject of
this tieaty lo him: that this was a call within the
last two or th'e¡-day% and sure his opinions had
been forme 1, his course marked < ut, an 1 hi> pre-
parations mide f r this discission- that the indivi-
dual was Thomas L Ogden, e-q of the civ oí
N-w Yo Ir, a gen Ionian t f the legal profession, of
ahaocfd ag°, and sreat eminenc , and whose
cali was made up.m him as a known friend of the
tieaty, and not to pi r-uade h>m to becom-* -o.
If, then, he should hereafter be able to show that
t' e treaty was beneficial t> the Ind ans, he hoped
he shoul 1 be c edt'eJ in the declaration that bis
anxiity tor its final confirmation was pre I cated
up in their in'ere-is, ra'her than upon the interested
w shes ol his ronst tuents, or the selfish desires of
the pre-emption c mpany.
His next preliminary remark was, that, m dis-
cussing the men's oí ihis treaty, he "-hould pass
en irely over that mass of evidence which had
b^en collected against it by those mistaken phi'an-
thropists—m staken in his judgment—whoopposed
its confirmati >n upon the giound tnat they were, at
some fu u'e dav, to civilize these Indians iu their
present 1'ic it oe s. To hj purity d the motives ot
thes' en husiasts he yielded the fulie** belie1"; but
in the rea'ity of ih'ir boi es h° hid 'o^g sirce lost
all confidence. The idea of c v 1 zing the lnüans
of our continent had once lema rich source of
hope to h m, but pract ca' observation and expe-
rience ha i comoelled him to abindon ihe delus os.
Many wor hy and s> od men yet retained their con-
fidence in'the practicability of the und-rtaking;
but be co ild only say to them that, when he shoald
see the d er of the forest the domestic animal of
the farm, and the partridge of the woods the fami-
liar fowl of the barn yard, ihen, and not till then,
should he again hope !or the practical civilization
of the Indian.
A furtier remark was, that he should enter upon
the discussion with a full and perfect understand
in?, assented to upon all ¡.ldeb of the Sena'e, t^at
the character and s pn ling and cred t of ihe ccsm-
missiorer who negotiated the tieaty on (he part of
the Uní ed S ates, remnned unimpeached and un-
impeachable, and that his staiements tf fact were
to be iii plicitly rel ed upon in all rnatttrs tc uch ng
the execution of the treaty by the Indians.
[To this pos.tion the honoiable chairman of the
committee and all the dissenang members as-
sented.]
Another rule for the discssion on his part would
be, that the commissioner on tie part oí the State
ot Massachusetts, General H. A. S. Dearborn
was present at all the transactions, the validity of
whicn. are now in d spute, and is a re-pectab e, cre-
dible, and disin'tre Ud witness to every fact to
whrhhe gives t^sumony.
With the e pre ímmary remarks, he would pro-
ceed to the discus  on ot the t eaty, and the facts
upon which it rented
A q íestion had been laised, as to Ihe right of ihs
New York Indians to ihe r " Green Bay lands," ¡.0
called; but inasmuch as the history of ihat matter
hid been fully gone into by the honorable chair-
man ot the committee, [Mr. Sevier,] and by his
honorable friend item Georgia, [Mr. Lumpkin,]
he would not consume ame wnh it here. The
treaty between the Un.ted States and the Menouio-
nfe tube oí Indians, of ihe 8ih ot February, 1831,
by which the latter ceded to ihe United S at s, for
the b nefit of, and " as a home to, the several tubes
of New York Indians," five hundied th usandacres
of Und in 'he now Wiskonsin Terruci-y, and the
former pud in money, í ir ihit cs-ion, the sum of
twenty ihousanl doUar-,, was suffi i m lor hi& pur-
pose It est.tbl shed he right oi (he New Yoik In-
dians to that land, mdep^nd ni'ly of any acuon
of their own; though certain c 1 ihe band-, the Séne-
cas n >t included, had, long rievu u^ly, purchased
of the Menomonees, for the benefit, of the Six Na-
tions, a much larger tract of country, and had paid
some twelve thousand dollars in ca-h as purchase
money therefor. Yet dispute-5 arose between them
and the Menomonee*, as to the authority of the per-
sons with whom they contracted, either to iell the
landc, or receive the pay therefor, and, the pro-
ceeding having taken place in pursuaute oí a con-
sent previously obtained from the President of the
United Stttes, [\ir. Monroe,] by the New York
Indians, the t eaty ot 1831 was negotiated by the
United States a- a compromise between the Su
Nations of New Yoik and the Menomnnee inbr
H"nce the estate of 'he ¡New York Indians m their
Green Bay lands
He was aware tha' the o íg nal cession from the
Menomonees required that the New York Indians
should remove to ihe lands, and rts de theieon as
their home, within three year  trom th3 date ot the
treaty, but the cession to the United States was
positive a"d perfec ; the c uidition of foifeiture, a
iorfeiture to the Uiated S a'es, anl not to he Meno-
miners and 'icnce the whole title was in ihe United
Sta e-, and the N*w York Indians This being the
fac , the Uni'eJ States had, since ihe treaty of cession
f om the Menomonees, and before the expnation of
the ihree year , entered into a farther treaty with
tha New York Indians, by which they were jeleas-
ed from the condition of removal to the lands with-
in three years, ai.d the time of their removal was to
be fixM "by the President, Tnat time has never
been fixed, and therefore their right remains pre-
cisely what it was alter he execution ol 'hp tieaty
of 1831, with the Mtnomonees.
It i  nawsai.1 that this righ1 depends upon th'
mere indulgence of the President, and ¡hat the
known determination ol these Ind ans not to rt
move toGieen Bav,places it in hispower to termi-
nate ihe right at pleasure, by fixing a day for then
removal to these lands The soundness ot this po-
s uon, in trehn cal law, is freely admitted, and does
any body fear a sacrifice of the mteres's ot the New
York Indians from ihe admission! Had such been
'he policy of this Government as to Indian ctaims
and Indian titiel If physical power and t chmcal
law were the rules by which these people were to
be dealt witn, they had no rights. We had never
lecogmsed in them any other eslate in lands than
that of simple occupancy, a mere poises ory title;
and it we were to canvass ihit rgnt by the rules
of the courts, the Ind an might as well abandon hi 
c'ain. Hs cccupincy would be too 1 mited, or
to > quesiu nable, to give him a resting place, and
m ght would make right en the side of t e whites
when such rules came to given tl e questions.
Sueb, however, was not, a id was not to be, our
Indian policy; and no technical action of the Presi-
dent was to forfeit the right of rhe-e Indians to their
G een Bay lands. The treaty, therefore upon this
po.nt, required no more support than wa given to
it by former compacts of the same charac er
