5 S3
36th Covo-
..lsr Síss 
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
>...M fc _______ -________________________________            ,                                                                                                                             _______________|
Treaty w th the X>iv York Lull <ns—Mr.  Wright.
Mai*. 1840.
Senate.
The Sénecas are «cat'errd thrmeh the <ix coun- |
Uts of Allegany, Cataraoeus, Chiutauque, Ere,
Gene  *, and Orleans This band of Indians, to-
gether with ihe Onondaras and CayJgas, who re-
side with them upon iheir res rvanon , number
2 623 souls, and th? white population of the coun-
ves in which they are, a  shown by ihe Stale cen-
sus of 1835, was 244,144 soul-.
The Onondaga* at Ont ndaea number 300 v uK,
•nd are in the county ot their name, which had al
«he tame period a white population of 60,906 souh,
The Oneidas at Oneida are 620 souls, and are in
the county of iheir name, with a white population
of 77,513 souls
The American party of the St Regis number
350 souls, and are in the counties of Si Lawrence
ani Franklin, with a white population of 54,548
souls.
The Tuacaroras number 273 souls, and are in
the country of Niagara, which has a white popula-
non of 24,490 souls.
The Stockbridges, Munsees, and Brothertowns,
so far as they remain in New York, are scattered
among the other bands, and number, together, 709
souls.
Thus it will be seen that all these bands and
remnants of tribes of Indians are scattered through
•leven counties of the State, that they number, al-
together, 4,885 souls, and that lh« white population
of the counties in which tbey are, was, in 1835, as
shown by the State census, 4 61,608 souls, or almost
100 whites to 1 Indian.
From this it will be seen that nothing like appre-
hension from the presence of these Indians can be
felt by th« whites, that the inconvenience of the re-
servations to the white se tlements, in many cases,
the desire to bring into profitable settlement and
cultivation the lands they occupy, and the injurious
effects upon society, in all cases, and with both
race?, of familiar intercourse between them, are
the prominent interests which the citizens and State
of New York have in the ratification of this
treaty. To the city and town of Buffa'o, imme-
diately bordering upon one of the largest and nu st
populous of the Seneca reservations, and the city
and town containing a white popu'at.on of full
20,000 souls, this question was one of more deep
and pervading interest, as it was also, properly con-
sidered, to the Indians residing upon that reserva-
tion. But he believed he should be justified by
the fact, if he were to say that, even in the coun-
ties where these Indians are, the strong feeling foi
their preservation from the accumulated evils
which surround them, and which, it i  seen, are
rapidly producing their extinction, creates a deeper
interest with the whites for their removal to the In-
dian country, than any considerations of conve-
nience or property anticipated from the accom-
plishment of that object.
Fourth. The interests of the United States.
Much of the debate had turned up >n this point,
and he was bound to confess that he thought it the
strongest ground upon which the treaty could be re-
sisted. Yet he hoped to show that even this ground
of resistance was not well taken; and for that pur-
pose he would recur to the facts in the case touch
mg the national Treasury.
He had before remarked that the small sums to
be paid to the various bands amounted to about
twenty thousand dollars, and that the general pay-
ment stipulated to be made to all the bands, in a
proportion per capita as they should remove west,
was four hundred thousand dollars These pay-
ments together, would be about four hundred and
twenty thousand dollars, but of the whole sum he
did not believe an amount exceeding ten thousand
dollars would be called for during the present
year. Such was the condition of all these Indians,
that he did not suppose it possible that any consi-
derable proportion of them, if even a single Indian,
could remove, after this advanced period of the
spring:, and after the appropriations under the treaty
eon'd be made. Of the sums payable to the vainons
bands, he recollected but one sum of one thousand
dollars to the St. Reeis, wh'ch was payable before
removal, and that sum was not required to be paid
until the expiration of one year from the final rati-
fication of the treaty. The immediate demand
upon the Treasury, therefore, was not to alarm any
one, bui the ultimate payment was considerable-
and how wa< the Tieasury to be compensated lor
ll Th s was the essential inqniiv, au<t it it c uld
be satisfactorily an weied, he hoped this o jíction
to ihe treaty woul'   b° con idered ohvnte«t
The answer, ihen, was, ih.it tho first article of the
featy cjdes to the United State- th< iractotland
o^nedby these ban 1s i f Indians at Grten Bay, in
he Terntory ot Wi-k>nsm, being 4*5,000 acres.
At th  present minimum price ot ihe Government,
for the public domain, this land will bin g into the
Treasury $543,750, while its loeatior upon the
Fox river, aud its quality, arj said to give it pecu-
liar prominence, and to ensure its instant sale for
immediate settkment. He thought it, therefore,
fair to anticipate, in case of a prompt survey and
ale, that this land would brin? into the Treasury
all the money required to carry the treaty into ef-
fect as soon and as rapidly as it would be wanted,
and would afford a surplus more than equal to the
expenses of the survey and sale.
To this extent, therefore, no argument against
the treaty was to be drawn from the demands it
would create upon the public Tuasuiy. Another
argument had been used, however, having the
same tendency, which required examina'itn. It
was that the country stipulate I to be given to these
Indians west, was more than an equivalent tor
their Green Bay lands, inasmuch as three hundred
and twenty acres for each soal was given in lieu of
one hundred.
The answer to this was, that the country west
was a part of that great country west o I the States
which the United States, in the pro ecuuon of a
wise and humane policy towards the remaining
Indian tribes, have set apart for their petmment
and peaceful and undisturbed hom^s, and for the
appropriation of which forever to that object t e
faith of the nation has been mo t solemnly pledged
It was wholly immaterial, therefore, in a pecuniary
sense, what Indians should occupy any particular
portion of this territory The whole was setapart
lor Indian occupancy; and in no treaty heretofore
made with any Indian  in theUn on, with a view
to their removal to the Indian country west of the
Mississippi, had the value of that portion of that
country to be assigned to them been laken into the
account, or made a matter of estimate, in the pur-
chase from them of their possessions within the
States. This country had been set ap^rt from the
extensive domain of the Union, as a home for the
red men, whom the cupidity of ihe whites had
driven from the homes and hunting grounds of
their fathers, and many of whom had not, tor this
cause, like many of these remnants of bands yet
lingering in New York, anv country to exchange
fer that quiet home thus offered to them The po-
licy, therefore, had been to parchase their posses-
sions and pay the estimated value of t.em, inde-
pendently of the new country to be assigned to
them; and he believed, if the treaties were care-
fully examined, it would further appear that the
expenses of their removal, and their subsistence for
one year at their new hom s, had been paid from
the public Treasury, over and above the value of
the lands purchased from them. Not so in this
case. The value of the land* purchased was not
problematical. They were al eady in the middle
of a settled and rapidly settling country. Their
quality was well known, and their location of the
most desirable character, and yet at the minimum
price of the Government lands they would bring
more than a hundred thousand dollar  beyond
every sum tobe paid under the provisions of the
treaty. Nay, they would bring into the Treasury
more meney than was to be paid under the treaty,
and the cost to the United States of the country to
be given to the Indians west besides
Was this treaty, then, to be rejected on account
of its unfavorable influence upon the pecuniary
interests of the United States?   He trusted not
There was another view of this point which
would place the interests of the United States in a
very different light It was admitted on all
hands that the treaty had been assented to, and
was perfect and binding as to all the bands except
the Sénecas It had been before seen that the
Green Bay lands were the property of the New
York Indians generally and equally.   A portion
of those lands, eqaal to 65,01)0 acres, had been, by
a la'e treaty, granted in severalty to lhat portion of
the Oieiias now at Gipen Bay, <,nd they had
ceased to be any longer parties to this treaty The
quantity of land remaining was 435,000 icre*, the
co nmon propeitv of all the bind*, this p>rtion
ot the Oneida  onlj excepted The population of
all the bands, as g ven in the schedule annexed
to the treaty, aud forming pait of it, «as 5 485
souls Deduct ihe Oneidas at Gieen Bay, 600
souls, and there would remain a population ot
4,885, owning the 435 000 acres of land Of
this population the Sénecas and the Onondagas,
and Cayugas, residing upon their reservations,
numbered 2,633 These Uken ñora the 4,885
would leave 2,252, as to whom the treaty was
admitted to be ratified and perfect Now the
right of all tntse Indians m ihe Green Bay lands
is a common, undivided right; and if, therefore,
the treaty be not cmfirtned as to the Sénecas, the
United States will be the owner of the 2 252
shares in common with the Srnecas, who will re-
main tie owners ot the 2,G33 shares, the whole
being in common and undivided, and the com-
mon in erests ot all ih  proprietors being in and
to every part. The United States, therefore, will
be unable to realize any thing for their interest,
because they can neither convey nor give title to a
single separate foot ot the land.
Sull, by the last article of the treaty, the United
States must pay that proportion of the $400,000,
which 2,258 bears to 2,633, because as to the 2,252
Indians the treaty is perfect. In other woras, the
United States must advance the gratuities to ihe
small bands, amounting to $20,000, and must pay
about half of the $400,000, and will have, as a
comp-nsaiion for these payments, a common and
undivided right wuh the Sen'cis to about one half
of the Green Bay lands, a right of which it can-
not avail itself fir any useful purpose whatever,
while thus held in common with the Indians. On
the contrary, confirm the treaty as to the Seneca*,
as it is confirmed as lo the other bands, and the
right to the Green Bay lands become perfect, and
the Trea ury will be fully indemnified for all the
payments required to be made under the treaty.
Cou'd any thing more be required to show the true
pecuniary interests of the United States to be fa-
vorable to the confirmation of the treaty? It was
due to the Territory of Wiskonson, too, if within the
fair exercise ot ihe powers of the Ser ate, that these
Green Bay lands, within the immediate neighbor-
hood of one ot its most important trading towns,
should be disencumbered and opened for a mar-
ket and for settlement. This was an interest of the
United States wh ch could not be disregarded, whe-
ther it was looked at in teference to the sale of our
other lands there, or to our duty towards the pre-
sent inhabitants of that territory.
Last and most important The interests of the In-
dians, parties to the treaty.
In a pecuniary sense these interests are clear,
strong, and decided. They are, alt >gether, 4,885
souls, and they are to receive from the pre emption
company about $212,000 in money, and from the
United States about $420,000 mom, and at their
new homes, secure from the encroachments of the
whites, 320 acres of land to each soul, man, woman,
and child, of all the bands All this they are to
have in addition to the annuities which they now
annually recsive from the United States and from
the State of New York, and which are to be regu-
larly paid to them by an express stipulation of the
treaty. These annuities together cannot tall short
of the sum of $20,000, and are believed to exceed
that amount. Then all, or nearly all the bands,
except the Sénecas and Tuscaroras, have lands to
sell to the State of New York, and for which, by
the long established practice of the State, they will
receive the tull appraised value in money, or in
permanent annuities, as they shall choose.
Was ever an entire community so rich as these
Indians will be in lands and money? Well has
General Dearborn said:
"Th* same liberal terms which have been offered to these In-
dians, if extended to any county in New England, would nearly
depopulate it in iix months "
If such are the clear and strong advantages to the
Indians pecuniarily from this treaty, what are they
lo eipect from the change proposed m their physi
