April, 1840. __________
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
Pre-emption to settlers—Mr. Clay of Ala.
Senate.
cal and moral condition?   It was only necessary to
look back to the days of the American Revolution,
to answer this inquiry.   Then the New York In-
dians were the mi?hty Irrquois, an enemy a'most
as terrible to our Revolutionary fathers as the ci-
vilized enemy with  whom they were contending.
Even in a divided state, and  with one ot their
strongest bands, the Oneida, arrayed upon the side
of the patriots in that glorious contest, the five re-
maining allied bands held our arms at bay  for
years, and rather advanced upon, than were driven
from, the settlements, though opposed by some of
our most brave and skilful generals.   Some sixty
or seventy years have passed, and now the New
York Indians are the miserable, scattered remnants
of these powerful nations, and also of the St. Regis,
the Stockbridge, the Brothsrtown, and the Munsee
tribes, and numbering in all less than five thousand
Mult.   Some of the bands of the Six Nations, have
enuiely disappeared, and  ethers are reduce 1 to a
few families, and have no home but such as they
enjoy from the generosity of their allied neighbors.
The same generous attachment to their race has
given a home among the Six Nations to the Stock-
bridges from Massachusetts, the Brothertowns from
Rhode Island and Connecticut, and the Munsees
from Pennsylvania, from the Wyoming country,
all the remnants of once powerful Indian nations,
driven from their lands and their homes by the
(to them) desolating, march of civilization, and
having not where to rest their feet, until our fa th-
iol allies, the Oneidas, tendered them a resting
place and a home in their country.
What has produced this startling change in these
hardy children of nature, within the short space al-
lotted to the life of a single man? The answer
stares us in the face. Not war, nor pesulence, nor
famine, but the friendly touch of the white man!
The progress, not of arms against them, but of set-
tlements and civilization around them. Look at
the Sénecas. They constitute a moiety of all ¡he
Indians now in New York. In the war of 1812,
'15, they numbered their thousand warriors, and
sent them to the field, led by the gallant Frasier, to
strengthen oar army upon the frontiers, and within
the territory of the enemy. Where now are those
thousand warriors of the Sénecas? Did that war
reduce their number? No, sir: peace and friendly
intercourse with us has doné it; and already that
thousand has become reduced to four hundred, if
not within that number.
He spoke from a statement given to him by two
intelligent chief* of the nation. The sta'ement
was too long to trouble the Senate with, but it gave
a history of the perishing condition of that people,
which conkl not fail to move all to their relief.
They were perishing from their contact wi'h the
whitei; while so far from improving fiom the civili-
zation around and among them, they are, as a
peeple, worse fed, worse clad, and worse provided,
than tbey were when they had never seen a white
man. The labors of philanthropists have been
sedulously performed among portion; of this tribe
for a series of years, without being able to arrest
their downward and rapid march towards complete
extinction. While some are made wiser and bet-
ter by their white associates, a vastly larger num-
ber are made more idle and more v cions.
The paper before him give* a description of the
suit  of society apon the Buffalo creek reservation,
produced by the proximity of the large and popu-
lous town of Buffalo, which cannot be read without
pain and loathing. Superadded to all the other
Tlce8 *hieh have never failed to be imparted to
the Indian from association with our cities, seduc-
tion and prostitution of the Indian females are
fatd to have become frightfully common; and that
the most dreadinl of all the consequences of pol-
lution of this sort has reached the tribe, and is ra-
pidly spreading itself among this portion of it.
Thus a scourge, more deadly and fatal than any
other which ha; ever afflicted the Indian—a scourge
unknown to th* natives until the white man was
known—is sweeping over this small remnant of
the once proud Seneca nation, sowing the seeds of
a slow and miserable and lingering death around
the germs of life. The statement before him ex-
pressed ,ne confident belief that a majority of ihe
children born altve in the nation die within the age
of twelve months, many from exposure, from want
of proper nourishment and ordinary comforts, from
the carelessness of parents, and not a few from dis-
ease Inherited from the mother.
He would not, he could not, dwell upon this pic-
ture; and jet there are those whose mistaken sym-
pathy would hold these people where they are, to
perish under the load of vice which surrounds
them, pervades their society in every form, and is
sweeping ihem into the erave with unexampled
rapidity. "Not so with him. He would change
their condition. He would remove them from the
contamination which surrounds and is overwhelm-
in? them. He would place them where they may
again be Indians; where they may again have the
motives before them of ambition, of enterprise, of
pleasure, of profit, which stimulate the Indian;
and where, secure from the encroachments of the
whites-, they may again become independent and
free and virtuous.
But, Mr. President, said Mr. W. reject this
treaty; combine, as yon will then combine, the cu-
pidity of the pre-emption company with that of the
white settlers, who now surround them, and, from
interest, resist the company, and the execution of
this treaty; for the common object of both is gain
from the Indians, and from their lands; and when
they fiad that a division of interest defeats either,
a combination may be easily formed which will
favor both. I say accomplish this, and then what
will be. the condition of the New York Indians?
How long will they be able to withstand a combi-
n ition of interests so strong and so strongly wield-
ed ? They cannot withstand it,sir; and a few years
wilt show you their history in that of the Stock-
bridges, the Brothertowns and the Munsees.' They
will be found miserable wanderers among their red
brethren in some remote part of the country, with-
out a home, or the means to procure one; without
the comforts of life, or provision for their future
support, their members but a fraction of the pre-
sent population, and their last hope buried with the
last council fire which burned upon those reserva-
tions they have been compelled to abandon to their
white ne ghbors to avoid perfect extinction.
May I not hope I have succeeded in proving that
it is wi'hin the power of the Senate to declare the
assents of the Sénecas to this treaty satisfactory,
and thus to save them from a fate so certain and
so sad?
SPEECH OF MR. CLA^
OF ALABAMA
Senate,   Thursday,   Abril,    16,    1040----The
"bill supplementary to me act, entitled "An act
to grant preemption ¿fchts to settlers on the
public lands.," approvedTjone 2*, 1838, having
been taken up for consideration); and the amend-
ments, reported by the Committee on the Public
Lands, having been adopted/y the Senate,
Mr. Norvell, in obediericafio the instructions of
the same committee, movew^ by way of further
amendment, the following additional section:
"Sec 5. And be it further enacted, That the 'act
to grant pre-emption rights to settlers on the public
lands,' approved June 23d, 1838, be, and the same
is hereby continued in full force till the 22d day of
June, 1842; and the right of pre-emption, under its
provisions, shall be, and hereby is, extended to alt
settlers on the public lands, at the date of this act,
with the same exceptions, whether general or spe-
cial, and subject to all the limitations and condi-
tions contained in the above recited act, and with
the explanatory provisions of the preceding sec-
tions of this act."
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said, as he had intro-
duced the original bill, he would take occasion to
explain its objects and effects, together with the
amendment last proposed, in all of which he most
cordially and fully concurred. He said the prirci-
ples of the rJolicy had been so often discussed, and
were so well understood, that he would not detain
the Senate by a formal argument in their support;
be should principally confine himself to a mere
statement of the effect and operation of the dif-
ferent provisions, and a few facts drawn from the
General Land Office, showing the results of the
hite pre-emption law, now proposed to be revived
and extended.1
Mr. C. then proceeded to state that much of the
public land had been settle! and improved, at the
passage ot the act of 22d June, 1838, which had
not then b en survey-d. Consequently, ^tilei*,
not know ng the boundaries of the diffeient sec-
tions, and quarter sections, had not had it in their
power to confine their improvements within a sin-
gle tract; but, when the lines were run, they fre-
quently found their dwellings upon one quarter
section, when their farms or plantations were whol-
ly on another. By the late law, the right of pre-
j eruption was restr cted to those who occupied by
I personal >e>idencf; and under its operation, the
settler would be confined to the quarter section, on
which his cabin happened to be situ?te<l, and cut
off from all his mc-t vdluab'e improvement8
To those «ho were acqua nted with the mode of
building li a new <ountrv, the hardrhip of the
case would at once be apparent; ansl, he said, he
could assure those who were not, thatthf dwe'imgs
of those Mttleis of the wilderness were real "log
cabins," in many instances not worth twenty dol-
lars, while the opening the farm, building the
fences, and reducing wild latid to a state of cultiva-
tion, had cost much hard labor and expense. It
was to remedy such hardships, an ing under the
law as it stood, that the fir-t section of the bill pro-
vided "that in all cases when a settler on the pub-
lic lands may reside, or have his dwelling house,
upon one quarter section, and cultivate land on
another and different quarter section, such settler
may make his election, under the act to which this
is a supplement, to enter either of said quarter sec-
tions, or legal subdivisions of each, so as not to
exceed one quarter section in all."
Mr. C. said it was obviously the intention of
Congress to give the settler the right of securing his
improvements, which were the foundation of the
privilege granted by the act;,and it was manifest
that without the provision contained in this sec-
tion, that intention would be defeated, or, at all
events, the se'tler, in many instances, would lose
his most valuable improvements.
Agan, said Mr. C. under the law of 1838, as it
is construed, however much time, labor, or money,
a man may have expended, m making an improve-
ment upon the public land, if he had rented it to
another for a limned period, under a contract en-
titling him to possession at the end of the term, but
was not "personally residing thereon" at the pas-
sage of the act, and for "four months next preced-
ing," he would lose his privilege of pre-emption.
j Indeed, he said, as he understood the construction
placed upon the law, in such a case, neither the
lessor nor lessee would obtain a pre-emption. Mr.
C. said this was another case of hardship and in-
justice not foreseen at the pa<>s?ge of the law, and
brought about by introducing the words, "by
personal residence thereon," just before the en-
grossment of the bill, and without maturely
weighing their effect. Now, m the case stated,
the meritorious consideration had been per-
formed by the lessor; he had encountered the hard-
ships and privations of going into a wilderness,
felling the forest, reducing it to cultivation, and
rendering it productive, making roads, and facili-
tating the *ale of the public domam—is it just that
such a man shall be deprived of his privilege of
pre-emption, because he happened, at the passage
of the act, and for a short time previous, to be out
of personal possession? He said he persuaded
himself that every Senator would respond in the
negative. At all events the Government had re-
ceived the consideration of the privilege granted
to others—an improvement had been made, and fa-
cilities afforded for the settlement of the country.
Some person was entitled to a pre-emption—either
the man who made the improvement, or the one
who was in possession at the passage of the act,
and for four months preceding. Mr. C thought
the man who had first uttlei, and who had, by hu
own labor, built the cabins, cleared the land, and fenced
«, was the more meritorious claimant of the two,
and he had, therefore, framed the bill with that
view. He said, moreover, it was conformable to
the spirit and principles of the common law
which held a lessee esto^d to gainsay the title or
right of his landlord. But it would be for the
Senate to say which was entitled; and however
