562
26th Cono-".1st. Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Treastiry Nn'c BUI—Mr. Vanderpoel.
Mar. 1840.
H. of Reps.
and disable s that Whis ill.berilit> an! mendacity
wouHhave ch.TiieJ to the Independent Treasury,
had it parsed into a law, have overtaken us the
banks ot m re than halt the Union have suspended
specie pnvmen'-; inev have c> p'racted íhur c tcu-
la'ion fiom the be; est point of expansion
to the extremist ebb of c n'ractun; pries
have fal'e'i in p'0|ortion to ih<* dtiiimirion
cf the currenc* Comnwtce, ig íeiil uie, ma-
nufactures, m short, evi iv interest is suffering, and
Vtt no Sub-Treasury law has been enacted. No
*uch scape-g->at tor the bit'er fruits 0f Wh g mea-
sures and Whig policy hss \et be^n cieited He
a« cordial1) hope*', as hi confidently believed, that
the Independent Treasury bill would become a Uw
b*fore the termina ion of th s spssh n of Congress.
Now was the tune to give it a tair tna'—now that
th* ititeie-ts ol the countiv were thus depressed
that eonfide.ise was des'nxed, ani now that all
nvn, save utterly reck'ess po'tticians, regar led
s>ome re-traming power uoou ihe mad «pint o' spi-
culatton and g?mbhn? which had broueht us t > he
present crisis, an object of indispensable neceas,ty.
Had it pas ed a year ago, it could net have arres -
ed the downward tendency «.f things, then in tuil
progrts>. The disease «a* too deep'y rooted to
yeM to any reasonab e remed'es. We may hope
that it has now near'v run its course, and it *nre y
behooves us to adort some expedient calculated to
p event the recurrence of such se^ere and convu's-
mg maladies. That the In lepen 'ent Treasury p'an
is the most efficacious one with n our constitution-
al province, I may possibly undertake to demon-
stra'e, when that mea-ure shall fairly come before
us.
Sir, it has long been with me a source of the
most profound regret, to perceive the facility with
which som-> men a'tnbute ev*rv pecuniary pres-
sure that overtakes the country, everv visitation of
mislor une, to the G >vernment With such men,
Government sterns to be every thing; the ininMrv,
en'erprise, and frueali'v of the c tiz<m, nothirg
If famine or pestilence should sta'k through
the land; if unpropttious seasons sh >uld prevent the
earth from yielding its accustomed fruit; such men
wcu'd be wicked and foo'-hardy enoujh to attri-
bute the suffering consequent upon such calamities,
even to ihe bung ing and mi «management of the
Government. This disposition is "f recent o 12m;
it is coeval witi morlern Fe ieral, Nanor al Rfp'ib-
lican, Na'iona' Bank Whig°ry, and well accords
with the pnncp'es o<" a panv which b^lleve^ that
it is the province of Government, at least, to make
the r ch richer if not the pror p orer. One great
distinguishing feature between lhe two grra* pnr-
tie- of our rour.try, is their com| arative psumate
not oely of ihe poweis, but 1 f th- du'ies of Go-
vernment The modern Whig behev«< that Go-
vernment sh mid do evfry thing, that it should be
the grea agent in augments g the wealth of in-
dividuals, ard promoting the prosperity of the
country The Democrat be íeves that Govern-
ment siould not be t o i'itermeddling aril obtru-
sive, that when it has pro ected the citizen in the
pursuit of h s hor.e't industry, it has performed its
main office; in short, that the least government,
consistent with the enjoyment of life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happines-, th  better. The despot
pushes his Qovtrnnient m'o all the ramified inte-
rests of his subjects Tne Federal Whig looks to,
or wor>htps it as the source, the dispenser of spe-
cial favors and exclus ve privileges to the few; the
Democrat fears, that when that which was insti-
tuted merely frr the protection of all, and at the
expense of all, becomes to be generally regarded
a  the mear.s of working wealth to the community,
the Republican spirit, the true conservative pr>rct-
pJe of our institutions, is on the wane, ínannach
a.% the citizen begins to reco:n ce other ersmrs of
wealth than talen\ industry, frugality, and enter-
prise.
I come now, sir, directly to th" question, what
has proiuced the expansion and contraction of
prices which we have witnessed wiihin th" last
seven years? Are the fluctuations and revulsions
from whi-h so many interests are now suflenne,
chargeable to the policy of the past and present Ad-
m nistrations? I take issue *i'h gentlemen, and
!>ay 'hat not one oí their acts is obnoxious to such
cen ure; but that the main anil primary cause of
these events imy be found in the desperate doings
of that huge moneyed power, with wh ch, a  horl
time ago, our country was overshadowe 1. I mean,
sir, the main caiue, so far as purely domestic in-
fluences are concf rned m this matter, for as the d s-
tress which has oveitaken us pervades the who'e
rommerciil wofld, and paittcularlv tho e parts ot
it with whuh our interests are so closely iutar-
wo\en, it would be wrong to attiihute our present
dis'sters to causes that have peculiarly 01 mainly
ongina'ed at home It is well to remark that these
dtsisters are not confined to our own cmntry; and
it is equally well to remark, that they have at-
tained the r greatest height in those countiie- where
the most p-per money is tolerated. We rank first
in this par 1 ular—next to us, England.
The smallest note of the Bank 01 Eneland is
five pounds sterling, equal to about twenty-three
dollar-; and the smallest note ot the Bank of
France .s five hundred francs, eq Jal to one hundred
dollars. The consequence is, that as to a'l sums
uuder those amounts, ihe channels of cir< ulation
are filled witi gold *nd silver, the value of whic'i
never fluctuates It is fixed and certain over the
whele world. For all the oulinary every day pur-
poses of life, then, tha currency of France, and
even England, is cold and silver. Paper is only
Used for larger and mere extraordinary transac-
tions. What is the consequence? Prices are more
fixed and permanent than wi h us, because the me-
dium by which the value of commodities is mea-
sured is more fixed and permanent. What is the
state of things in regard to currency here? Our
currency n chiefly paper; y<?s, paper to the deno-
mination of bills 0* a single dollar' We are, in
truth, the most perfectly shinp+astered natit n on
earth; and our prices, in consequence, are ever va-
rying, ever fluctuating. Sometimes your banks
tnrow out their issues freely; and then at once,
under the influence of panic, or other causes, they
suddenly contract them. I neej not stop to dilate
upon the effect of these constantly recurring con-
tractions and expansi >ns. The most superficial
obierver must perceive, that the standard by
which the value of property is measured is con-
stantly \arying. At one lime your yardstick
was  ix feet long; at another, only t«o feet
Mr. V sa d he had long foreseen th's depression of
prices. He ha 1 warned many ol hi> neighbors of
it three years ago; he hid admonished them not to
run heavily in debt for lands, at the prices then de-
manded; that the banks1 were ext nded to their ut-
most tension; that the natural laws of trade, in the
absence ot all other causes, would soon compel
tnera to curtail; that the prices of every article
would consequently fall, a  paper money dimi-
n shed; and mat it was utterly impossible to main-
tain any thing like permanency in the value of
property, without a larger mlusion of the precious
meta s into our circularon Let the present state
of things tell whether my predictions have been
verified.
A word more, sir, as to the domes'ic causes of
tb.5 distress from which the great interests of our
country a'e now suffering Who, that has paid
due attention to the progress of events within the
last se en years, can doubt that these causes have
been mainly overbankmg and overtrading, and the
struggle made by the United States Bank to force
the country into its recharter Let us retrace the
past a little: Those who had acted with him here,
during the panic session of 1834, need not be remind-
ed of the lamentations and petitions then constantly
poured into our ears. The public deposites had been
removed from the Bank of the United States,
and placed in certain Stale banks. The former,
with all Us minions and dependants, at once raised
the cry that the "Great Regulator" must contract
its loans and issues to the ¿eminent of all the great
interests of the country, unleesthe public deposites
were restored to her. Petitions from every quar-
ter poured in upon us to restore the deposites. The
mammoth Bank, under pretence of self-preserva-
tion, was constantly turning the screw and draw-
ing from all sides the most piteous notes of distress.
Th'S hall, sir, was, for seven long mon<h<, a huge
panic factory, where, day after day, materials of
alarm were produced, and thence sent forth to the
people.    We were told by the Bank and its friends
here and eNewheie, that the restoration of the de-
posites was the only real panacea for the evils that
affli ted ui, that without it, ihe Bank must curtail
and compel the State banks to curtail, until bank-
ruptcy and ruin would overwhelm the whole conn-
try.    The Slate banks  took  the  alaim  and con-
tracted their issues to a point well calculated to ag-
gravate the genual d smay.      S r, the   pane war
na> waged with a determination and v gor which
those who were engagtd in resting it will not soon
forget.    Congress adj turned,  and  the  object for
which that war w s  declaied,  was not attained.
We, who had forseven months stood the fire of bank
artillery, returned to our homes  in the   month of
July, 1834, with the belief that it was  at least
•hora oí its capability for further  mischief.      We
had hardly reached our home*, sir, when our eyes
were astoun led with a   letter to  a committee of
New York merchants,   informing  them  that ihe
Bank could now loin  many  millions of dollars!
this same  Bank, which,  for ihu preceding seven
mi mhs, v hue waging a  panic  war against Con-
gress and thecountry, had pretended to be obliged, in
self-de'ence, to curtail its Issues and distress the
communit)      Ii  began to extend according to its
promise,  and the  State banks,  as  the  gamesters
would say, "followed suit "    In the state of fear,
which had so recently seized the latter, they had
not the courage to expand, without the example of
her who claimed the power of controlling them and
of regulating the currency of the country.   She
sat the pernicious example and they followed it.
All at once,   the land  was flooded   with paper
money, and with it came all its concomitants of
h'gh, unnatural prices, a mad spirit of speculation,
a ger eral disposrion to secure wealth by  a single
operation, instead of delving and working for it for
years, as our fatheis had been accustomed to do.
Ycurpub'ic domain was at once the object of un-
precedented speculation; town and city lots were sold
by the foot in places formed and doomed by na-
ture ior nought but the everlasting abode of the
frog and the all gator; importations swelled from
one hundred and eight millions of dollars in 1833,
to one hundred and ninety millions in  1836; the
proceed  from the sales of the public lands swelled
from about four millions of dollars annually, to
more than twenty-four millions in 1836; the prices
of land,  pn dure,  necessaries of life,   every thing
was inflated to a point it had never a1 tamed before.
All  were  rushing forward under the highest and
most feverish excitement, and amid the ex'ragance
and intoxication of fancied wealth, how few looked
deeply enough into causes to see that all this pros-
perity was evanescent and illusory !   The fruit of
this overaction was an immense surplus revenue;
this was deposited with the State banks and formed
the basis of further loans and  expansions, which
again served as the aliments ol further ex'i avagance
and speculation.    Piesident Jackson attempted, in
some measure, to arrest the mad career which the
comniui ny was then running, by   causing the fa-
mous circular to be issued in 1836, which provided
that nothing but gold and silver should be received
at the land offices in payment for public lands.   It
had a restaining and most salutary influence, as
candid mea  of every party   now concede.    But
have any of us   forgotten  the   torrenfs of abase
heaped upon his head for that measure?   In 1836,
you passed an act to distribute among the States, or,
as was said, deposite" with the Slates, the immense
surplus raised by means of this pernicious paper ex-
pansion, and the spirit of speculation consequent
thereon. The fund you thus ordered to b« distribu-
ted, had been deposited with the banks,and the banks
had loaned it to the people, and now called upoa
their debtor^ for it, the latter were taken  by sur-
prise, as they had invested it in Government lands,
or city lots. The speculators could not pay the banks,
and the banks could not promptly pay the Govern-
ment, and the consequence, so much to be deplored,
was a suspension of specie payment by every bank
in the Union.   The policy and legislation of some
of the States forced them to a speedy resumption.
The Bank of the United Stales had recently pro-
cared a charter from the State of Pennsylvania; on
the acceptance of which its president boasted that
it was stronger than it had ever been before. It was,
