S64
26th Cono""1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Vandcrpoel.
Mar. 1840.
H. of Reps.
vernment, all candid and intelligent men will feel
disposed to admit, who  will  look  «it ihem care-
lally.   A remedy cannot, therelore, be sought in a
reduction ot the public expenditure below  the-.e
very reasonable estimate .    Will }ou, (hen, first
increase your  tariff ?    A   sufficent   objecu >n   10
such a mode of proceeding is, that any relief de-
rivable from this source would not be seasonable.
The emergency,   if  any,  is  a  pressing one, and
could not be  relieved   by the   tardy  returns  that
would flow from an increase of duties    You could
not, sir, without violating good laith, impose ad li-
tional duties upon goods, orders ft r which  would
have been lorwarded before jou would have pass-
ed a law to that effect.    But, apart trom  thii ob-
jection, I will heie take occa-iun to say that I am
opposed to any  interierence  with the  tariff that
would conflict with the  principles of the compro-
mise act.    I would vote for a duty on  wines and
alks beyond the Cape of Got d Hope.   Tnese are
mere luxuries, and are  therefore the  more appro-
pna'e subject-, of taxation.   Thty en er only  into
the consumption ot the rich, and to tax tnem, and
proportion ably relieve articles that enter into  ihe
consumption of all, would be relieving the laboring
and pooier classe*.   Th.  I would do, as a perma-
nent means of ranr/ng revenue, but not for the pur-
pose of securing ihe rel ef which  the   bill  under
consideration contemplates.    We are, therefore, in
my opinion, dm en either to a loan, or  10 the aid
resulting trom the power to  issue Treasury notes.
Secondly,  then, will you  resoit to a loan? I
mean a permanent loan, by issuing stock'    I con-
cur in the sentiment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr Jones ] in regarding a national debt as
any thing but a national blessing.   Tnere are gen-
tlemen among us  who deem otherwise—who es-
teem, and ever have esteemed,  a national debt a
great des'deratum.    I   wi'l not say ihat the prefe-
rence th^y now indicate for a loan, results from
this early and constitutional predilection.    A na-
tional debt is indeed a blessing to the few, but a
curse to  the  many.    It is ^l blessing to brokers,
stockjobbers, and unwieldy capitalists, who despise
almost any sscunty, short of the plighted faith of
the Government.    Ii may prove a blessing, too, to
the lew who wish  to grow rich on special protec-
tion and special favoritism; but to the great work-
ing middling classes, who are never the recipients
ot special legislative favors, to  them, I  repeat, a
national debt is any  thing but a national blessing.
Sir, we have, tor the  last few  jears, exhibited to
the world a proud spectacle—one wh'ch cannot but
do much towards advancing the^reat cause of Re-
pub ican government.      I  mean, of course,  ihe
spectacle of a great nation free fiom debt.   Who
would not hesitate to mar its beauty, by replunging
into that state to which monarchies and despotisms
seem ever doomed, and from which we have just
emerged. Nothing but the most imperious necess ty
would justify us in again contracting a national
debt.    I  take it for granted, at all evtnts, that
a loan, as a general rule, is only justifiable when
there is a c'ear deficit  of mean1-,  which it will re-
quire some  very considerable time to supply.    It
the estimates or conjectures of the Secietary of the
Treasury be true, that the receipts of the whole year
will be equal to the expenditures of the whole year,
and that some means by which thp revenue ot the
latter part of the yeap nny be anticipated is all
that is now necessary, it would surely be prepos-
terous to resort to a loan at the  present period.
What would be the course ol a discreel individual
, under simi ar cucumstances'2     Suppose he owed a
thousand dollars, which would become dut at the
beginning of the year, with a certainty that he
would receive, from his own lesources, more than
that amount before the termination of the year,
would he not raise  his money on his own sole
rather than effect a peimanent loan and mortgage
his property?     Why should Govemmtnt adopt a
different course of action1  But these considerations
do not  furnish the only objections to a permanent
loan.     You are told, and you have no reason to
doubt, that the relief you now need will, in all pro-
bability, be required only for a single year.     You
could not effect a loan by issuing stock redeem-
able within one, or even two years, withuut agree-
ing to pay very high interest.     Capitalists will not
otherwise invest in stocks redeemable within so
short a peried If you negotiate a loan, you will be
subjected to very heavy charges for commissions
and agencie0. These you avoid by adopting
Treasury notes f«r I am informed by go< d
author ty, that on the nineteen millions ol dollars
ot Treasury notes issued since the special sesión
of 1837, not a farthing has been paid for agencies
or commisMons Another disadvantage at ending
a loan is this: if you effect it, jou must m-ike one
tran^ac ion of it, you must get all your money at
once; thus p lying interest tor the greater propor-
tion long betore you are in want of it. Not so in
regard to Treasury notes. Your Secretary of ihe
Treasury would issue them according to his wants,
thus avoiding the payment of interest for money
botrowed in the absence of immediate necessity
The averase interest on the Treasury nous issued
since 1837 has not exceed lour ier cent per an-
num, and this only from the peiiods at which the
notes were actually issued. But a still stronger objec-
tion to a loan—one thai should weigh more with
Southern gentlemen, surely—yet remains to be told.
By originating a national debt in the shape of a per-
manent loan, you create the germ for another pro-
tective tariff: and I am not a little surprised that a
proposita n to create such a debt should come from
the South, from the gentleman from Geor2ia, [Mr.
King,] who has introduced an amendment to the
bi 1, by which he substituted a loan in the place of
the power to l-sue Treasury note*. Had such a
proposition come from Boston, or Lowell, Mr. V.
said, he would have thought it all very natural, be-
cause pretexts for high tariff  and protecting duties
are there the order of the day; but it really ap-
peared strange, "passing strange," to him, that one
of the representatives of the cotton growing por-
tion ot the Union should propose the creation of a
new and permanent national debt. How true it
was, that wonders would never case. It is not a
lut'e strange, too, that it did not occur to the gen-
tleman from Georgia that a loan would fall ex-
clusively into the hands ot Northern or European
capitalist ; whereas Treasury note  would be to the
South, as well as to all other sections of the coun-
try, a new medium of exchange and remittance.
Should you decide against contracting a loa 
and creating a new national debt, mv third alterna-
tive alone remains—that ot issuing Treasury note ,
but here, in ihe first piare, a constitutional diffi-
culty is urged against us. It is contended that these
Treasury notes are bills ot credit, and that as such,
Congress has no constitutional power to issue
them.
Sir, (said Mr. V.) I consider it rather late in the
day to urge this objection. The power to issue
Treasury notes has been exercised, from time
to time, aBd has received the sanction of the wisest
men of the nata n, and the strictest construction-
ists of the Constitution. Without it, you cculd not
have carried on your last war with Great Britain.
But, with gieat deference to gentlemen who now
raise this obstacle, I will very briefly attempt to
show, both from intrinsic and extrinsic evdenoe,
that it is utterly groundless. The Constitution, in
the enumeration of powers conferred on Congies*,
expressly provides that Congrtsi shall have
power "to borrow money on the credit of
the TJni'ed States" Here is no prohibiten of
the power to issue Treasury notes. Not so,
however, in regard to the States The same Con-
stitution provides, that "no State shall emit bills
oí credit," but as to this Government, there is no
inhibition in the Constitution. I think it clearly
follows from this, that the power to 1 sue Treasury
or Government notes is involved in the power to
borrow money. The most familiar principle of
reason and common sense teaches us, that it Con-
gress have the power to cieate a debt, (a power
expressly given,) a power, trom necessity, resu'ts
to give to the lender the ev dence of that debt,
either in a no'e, bond, or certificate ol stock. The
power to borrow would be nuga'ory, unless the
power to give the evidence of such borrowing fol-
lowed. But we are not altogether left to implica-
tion upon this point. The same section of the
Constitution which confers upon CoDgress the
power "to borrow money," also gives it the power
to provide for "the punishment of counterfeiting
the secunde  of the United State  " What securi-
ties? Does the Constitution any where prescribe
ihe form ol security to be given by Congress, whea
it exercises this clearly cxpre\sed power of borrow-
ing monej1 Surely not. Why is a note on inte-
rest more objectionable, or rather unconstitutional
than a certificate of a stock bearing interest? With-
out the provis on for punishing counterfeiters of
Government setuntie-, and without the prohibition
to the States to issue billi of credit, the power to
issue Tieasury notes would have clearly resulted
from the power to borrow money, but when the
clause conferring the power to borrow money is
viewed in connection with the other provisions of
the Constitution to which I h?ve adverted, there
surely remains no ground to doubt Ihe existence
of ihe power to issue notes. I protect a;amst the
inference, that 1 am an advocate of the doctrine of
"implitd power.," still when I read in the same
Constitution which give ; the power to is«ue Trea-
sury nut*s, an expiess power to "make all laws
that'-hall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the powers expiessed in the instrument,"
I sure'y cannot be deemed very   heretical  for con-
ending that the power to give a note, or other
evidebce ot debt, "is necessary and proper" for
carrying into effect the power to borrow money.
But it i* contended that the power to is ue Trea
suiy notes was expressly denied by the convention
which framed the Constitution; and reference has
been made to the Madison papers, recently pub-
lished, te show that the power to emit bills ot credit
was stricken out of a section of the Constitution as
originally reported. Sir, I do not admit that Trea-
sury notes, bearing an interest, are "bills oj credit"
in the sense of the Constitution. The bills of cre-
dit, the issuing of which Congress prohibited to the
States, were nothing more nor less than paper mo-
ney—such as your continental money—from which
the pei pie had sustained such ruinous losses and
sacrifices under the old confederation. Treasury
notes do not enter into general circulation as mo-
ney. They never have done so. At all events, it
has never yet been my fortune to see one; and
from the debates of the convention, as repotted by
Mr. Madison, it expressly appears that the most
prominent members of the convention, who voted
to strike out the clause, "and emit bills on the cre-
dit of the United States," admitted that if this
clause were stricken out, the power to issue notes
was involved in the power to borrow Gouveneur
Morris moved to st-rtke out the clause, "and emit
bil's on the credit of the United States," and re-
maiked that "striking out ihe words will leave room
still tor notes ot a responsible minister, which will
do all the good, without the mischief." Mr. Gor-
bam was for striking out, without inserting any
prohibition. "It, said he, the words stand, they
may suggest and lead to the measure." He far-
ther remarked. "The power to issue note3, as far
as it is necessary or safe, is involved in the power
to borrow money." But this is not all. In anote
by Mr. Madison, which may be found in the third
volume, page 1343 of h s papcts, in reference to
the vote to strike out the clause, "and emit bil's on
the credit of ihe United States," he remarks, (the
vote being nine States to two:)
"This vote in the affirmative by Vuginia was occasioned by
the acquiescence of Mr Madison, who became satisfied thai
sinking out the words would not disable the Government from
the u e of public notes, as lar as they could be safe and proper
and would only cut off the pretext toi a pa| er currency and
paruculaily for making ihe bills a tender, either for public or
puvate debis "
Thus, sir, it clearly appears, that the vole to
strike out the word  "and emu bills on the credit of
the United States" was given on the supposition
that the power to issue notes would still be left 10
the Government, but that the delegation of an ex-
press power todo so would only have the effect of
suggesting and leading to the measure unnecessari-
ly. Mr. V. said, he now considered the argument
in favor of the power to issue Trrasuiy notes com-
pie e, brief as 11 was He would proceed to submit
a few aJdi'ional considerations ft r prefernrg Trea-
ry notes to a permanent loan, or rather, to answer
one or two objections urged against this mode of
borrowing money.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cush-
inq] tells us, that these notes will be means of sub-
jecting the Government creditor to losses and sacn 
