Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
86th Cono—. 1st Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Vanderpoel.
H. of Reps.
fice , inasmuch as the Government will pay him
with them, and then he will be shaved. This cer-
tainly has not been the case with the notes that
have been issued, nor would it be the case with
those that would be issued under this act. The
public creditor had never been compelled to take
them; but, it is a well known fact, that they have
generally been preferred to specie. You aad I,
Mr. Chairman, would prefer pocketing a few of
mem any day, to carrying home specie, if, contrary
to our usual ill luck, an unexpected balance of our
pay should remain at the end of the session. But
the gentleman says that they will serve to aggra-
vate the distress, by sucking up all the surplus capi-
tal in oar commercial cities. This, sir, rather con-
flicts with his former position. If it be true that
they will be a favorite investment for capitalists,
it must be on acccount of their intrinsic excellence,
and then, surely, there can be no danger that the pub-
lic creditor will be shaved. Instead of aggravating,
they will go far, very far, towards relieving the
distress; for they will be used for purposes of remit-
tance and exchange, and will draw from the banks
and force into circulation large sums hoarded
there. Why should these notes now be such a
bugbear'! Within the last three years, you have
authorized the issuing of twenty millions of dollars
of them; nineteen millions have actually been
issued; and on the 3d of March, instant, only
$3,100,000 of this sum were out and umedeemed.
Have not all your expectations in regard to them
been realized? If they have been redeemed, it has
been done by the revenues of the Government.
You anticipated your revenues. They came in af-
terwards, and you redeemed your notes. Suppose
that, in 1837, instead of issuing your notes, you
had resorted to a permanent loan, and created a
stock; think you that any portion of that loan would
now have been paid. No, sir. It would only
have been the nucleus around which a pretty for-
midable national debt would, by this time, have
been formed. Instead of applying thee resources
your Secretarf has applied to keeping you out of
debt, it would then, no doubt, have been found
most convenient to have paid merely the interest
on the loan, and to have lavished them on objects
of doubtful utility. The public expenditure
would not then have been reduced five millions of
dollars within the last year. Plans and expedients
to advance the interests of speculators, in the name
of public improvements, would not then have been
defeated; and here I cannot but hazard the opinion,
that if, in 1837, when your means were locked
up in the the deposite, non-specie paying, banks,
the friends of the Adraini-traton had proposed a
lean, instead of a resort to Treasury notes, such a
proposition would have encauntered the severest
opposition of those very gentlemen who now ob-
ject to the present mode of relief; you would ihfn
have heard from the other quarter of the House,
the same arguments we now urge against a na-
tional debt. So unreasonable, sir, is this spirit of
opposition! Sir, theie is a great facility herein
some quarters to sp>ak cavalierly of the Secretary
of the Treasury. Great injustice is often done
that gentleman. I regard him as a most diligent,
faithful, and able public officer; one who has
carried the finances of the country through diffi-
culties and embarrassments, resulting from bank
abuses and suspensions that would have disheart-
ened a spirit less active and persevering. Why
should he be obnoxious to censure, because he
asks the relief provided for by the bill? No Go-
vernment in Europe deems it practicab'e always to
fulfil its engagements with promptitude, without
some resource to meet the contingency of a fluc-
tuating revenue. The power to Wue exchequer
bills in England, may be said to be a perpe-
tual power with the fiscal department of the Go-
vernments. Indeed, Parliament hardly ever ad-
journs without conferring this power, though her
revenues, from the nature of their sources, are less
fluctuating than our*. Revenu? depending chiefly
on customs, mu<;t necessarily be flnct iat n?, as it
is liable to be influenced bv all the levuljuons and
victssidudes of trade and commerce. The ex-
chequer bills of England are funded, after
floating for some length of tim*. Ltsi year
tolls to the amount oí four millions of pounds
sterling were funded, and ths year it is
apprehended that there will be a deficit in
the Treasury of England of six mllions of
pounds, in consequence of causes that could
not have been foreseen. The war with Chi-
na is, perhaps, the most prominent of these causes;
as this operates in two way*. It occasions a loss,
by the diminished importation* of tea*, and in-
creases the naval and miUtary expenditures for the
year. Even here, sir, we have had a resource to
meet the contingency of a fluctuating revenue until
within the last two years. Our national debt was
not extinguished till 1835. Before that time we
raised much more revenue than was necessary to
defray ihe ordinary expenses of the Government.
This surplus was kept on hand till towards the close
of the year, and was in the mean time a fund, up-
on which the Department' could, with saretv, rely
in the event of a deficiency of revenue. Afier that
we had a large and unexpected surplus springing
from the bloated years of 1834, 1835, and 1836;
but this has been divided among the States; and
now with a scale of imposts constantly descending;
with the whole commercial world deranged, if not
paralyzed, we are left without any-safeguard or re-
source under fluctuations in receipts and expendi-
tures. Sir, this should not be so. We shoulil not
only make provisions, for this year, but go a step
farther and adopt the suggestions of the Secretary
of the Treasury, b/ creating some permanent safe-
guard.
But we are told  in conclusion, that there is a
permanent deficiency, and that it is owing to the
extravagant   expenditures   of   this and   the   last
Administrations   of   the   General    Government.
Sir,    I   take   issue   again   with   gentlemen   on
this    point,    and   can   show    that   the increas-
ed    expenditures    of    the    last    several   years
have   been   occasioned,   not   by   the   President,
not by the Administration, properly speaking, but
by the votes of Congress; and more generally by
Whig, than by Demorratic votes; tha', so far as
the Administration is concerned, the inrrease of ex-
penditure has not even been in proportion to the in-
crease of population.   It is very easy now to de-
claim against the large appropriations of past years;
but gentlemen would  merit  much  mor* on   the
score of candor and honesty, should  they accom-
pany their patriotic invectives against extravagance,
with the admission that their own rotes have been
most instrumental in contributing to it.   I charge
the extravagance upon the Legislature—I acquit
the Executive Department of the Government from
any participation therein.   There have been, to be
sure, causes and sources of expense, which it was
not in the power of any Administration to control,
and for which no particular party or branch of Go-
vernment should be held responsible—such as our
Indian wars, and the protection of our Northern
frontier.    Mr. V. said he had prepared some state-
ments and tables, showing the expenses of 1828,
which was the last year of the administration of the
distinguished  gentleman   from Ma«sachusetts, in
his eye, [Mr. Adams,] and  the expenses of 1838,
which was one of the years, over the extravagance
of which Opposition gentlemen now poured out their
bitterest   lamentations;   and   the   comparison   he
had instituted, would prove that in the Executive
branch of the Government the increase of expense,
since  1828, has not been in proportion to the in-
crease of population, but that the expenses of the
Legislature have more than doubled since that pe-
riod.    In  1828, the  aggregate amount of expendi-
tures for the support of the Executive Pepartro"nt
of the Government was$507,127.    In 1833, it was
#856,925.   The expenditure of this year was mujh
augmented by ihe act of 4th July, 1836, to re-or-
ganize the Gt-neial Land Office.   Independently of
the increase occasioned by this act, there has been
none equal to the increase of population.     The in-
crease in the expenses of the Legislature has, how-
ever, been in a much greater r*>io.     In 1828, the
expenditures of the Legislative Department of the
Government amounted to $705,955.    In 1838, they
amounted  to $1,425,467.    A constituent part of
this latter amount was ihe sum of $84,358, paid
for the printing of the House of Representatives; a
year, be it remembered, when a certain Mr. Allen,
a new patent Conservative Whig, held the office of
Printer. Gentlemen surely will not pretend that
the friends of the Administiation are more culpable
than tlie Opposition for this increase of expensé of
our Legislature. We have not always beea able
to boast a majority here. At all events, the Fe-
deral Whigs retained in office their favorite Printer
more thin half the period that has elapsed since
1828. But to continue this comparison a little far-
ther, and to establish more fully the truth of
what we have alleged, that it is the legislation of
Congress that has swelled up the aggregate of
the expenditure* of ibjs Government. In 1828,
our military expenses, exclusive ot pensions,
amounted to #3,606,498. In 1838, to $7,206,655.
This disproportion arises chiefly from the raising an
additional regiment of dragoons by the act of 23d
May, 1836, and from an increase of the military
establishment of the United States, by the act of
5th July, 1838 The latter act, it will be recol-
lected, filled up all the companies that were not
complete. Surely the Administration is not pecu-
liarly responsible for this increase of expenditure
consequent upon the small augmentation of our
military force. Our Indian wars—our immen-e
Western frontier and our Northern outbreaks,in the
estimation ot gentlemen of all parties, rendered
this small addition to our military force absolutely
necessary. I can hardly believe that the paity
which supports the Administration ever will derive,
or ever could have expected to derive, any advan-
tage to itself, as a party, from this increase of our
army; because, sir, at least four-fifths of the of-
ficers of the army and navy, if they have any po-
litical feelings at all, are opposed to that great De
mocratic party which has, for the last twelve years,
been in the ascendant. There seems to be some-
thing in their very nature which induces them to
regard the Democracy with disfavor. Whether it
be because large standing armies never weie, and
never will be, favorites of the Demosratic party, I
know not; and yet, s;r, in the appalling aggregate
of that array of one hundred thousand office hold-
ers, which this Government is said te command,
the officers of the a rmyand navy are al ways incl uded.
I speak thus of them, sir, not in a spirit of re-
prehension, for I rank among the officers of the
army and navy many highly valued personal
friends, but to repel the idea, that the friends of
the Administration on this floor ever could have
voted to increase the army, from any h.ipe of in-
creasing Executive patronage. My intelligent,
able, and industrious friend fiom North Carolina,
[Mr. McKay,] was at the head of ihe Committee
on Military Affairs when the act passe 1 to fill up
the ranks of the army; and iho.<e who have ob-
serve 1 the ever scrupulous and laudable care with
which he watches tie public treasure, the jealousy
with which he notts, and the freedom and fidelity
with which he rebukes, any s'eps towards extrava-
gance, come fiom what quarter they may, can
hardly be disposed to believe that he ever support-
ed an increase of our military establishment with-
out there was the utmost necessity for it.
But, sir, let us pursue our tables and compari-
sons still further. In 1828, the aggregate expendi-
tures for the Indian Department—Indian anuuities
and Indiao treaties—was $705,084. In 1838, they
amounted to $5,564,223. And will it be said,
either that the Administration, present or past, is
peculiarly responsible for this vast increase, or that
we have received no equivalent for this large ex-
penditure? Sir, since the commencement of Gen.
Jacks >n's administration, we have added millions
upon millions to our public domain by means of
our In lian treaties, and extinguishing Indian
titles. We have created a prolific source of re-
venue for the future, and unless the ur)C n-
stitutional and mischievous plans of distribu-
tionists among the States prevail, we will be
.«oon most amply reimbursed for all the advances
we have made under Iadian treaties. Sir, this is
money most judiciously and profitably invested.
Ag«n: in 1838, it cost us $439,u01 for ihe pro-
tection of our Northern frontier; in 1823, nothing,
because there were no troubles there, or in that vi-
cinity, In 1818, the buildin* and support ofluh -
hou4 co,t 1261,305; in 1838, |445,352: and ih.s,
sir, in convence of .he increase of lght-houses
by acts of Congress.   In 1828, the mm patd for
