ApiiU 1840.
APPÉNBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ser
£6th Co!«0""1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Air. Webster.
Senate.
in as early stage of the discussion, lhat if every
acre of the lands remaining unsold in the four
States, could be sold for $1 25 per acre, (and no
Senator had pretended it could,) the two per cent,
on the proceeds would only amount to f 1,426,108 56.
Even if that som csuld possibly be realized, we
should be purchasing oar release on good terms;
for, if the land would sell at all, it would not all
be seld in half aceniury—during all which time the
fnnd would be slowly accruing, whilst more than the
amount wonld be taken from, ihe Treasury in a year
or two more.   Mr. C. said, taking into considera-
tion   the reduced   prices   at   which   the refuse
lands in those States might be expected to sell—
perhaps not exceeding one half the present mi-
nimum price per acre—the whole   two per cent,
fnnd hereafter to accrue would never amount to
a million of dollars.   Then, taking into view the
claims of the States interested, to have the road
completed on the plan which had been pursued,
and that the cost of so finishing it was estimated
by the engineer at $7,896,045 44, he thought all
most entertain  the opinion   that we   should do
well by making the surrender proposed by his
amendment. Large as the cost of itscompletion was
tstimated, Mr. C. said he did not believe it equal
to the amount of expenditure that would be re-
quired.   Hence it was fair to conclude, that, if
the several States would accept ihe proposed relin-
quishment, we should save to the United States
about seven millions of dollars.   With this brief
explanation, he said he would leave his amend-
ment to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. PRESTON also advocated the amendment,
and opposed the bill at some length.
Mr. YOUNG replied to Mr. Clay and Mr.
"JPtaíTON, and went into an extended argument in
sappott of the bill.
Mr. CLAY of  Alabama remarked, in reply to
'Iff. Young,  that hitherto, the two per cent, fund,
accrued and accruing on the sales of the public
lands in the four State*, for whose benefit this road
was to be made, had been the basis of the whole
argument in favor of   the appropriation.     But
now, when it had been clearly demonstrated, that
the entire fund, so far as sales had been, or ever
could be made, had been long since exhausted; and,
consequently, that the General Government had
more than performed its compacts with those se-
veral  States,   the  Senator   from   Illinois   [Mr.
Young] had assumed the bold and  new ground,
that the Cumberland road did not rest upon the
compacts'.   If this be the fact (aid Mr. C.) why
was the bill framed wiih reference to those com-
pacts?   Why did it contain a clause for the reim-
bursement of the United States, from the  fund
arising under them?   And why were the friends of
the bill, including the Senator from Itlino s, so
averse to striking out that clause, on the motion
made for  that purpose?   Mr. C. said, if the Sena-
tor was justified in the position he now assumed,the
pertinacity with which he and his friends clung to the
clause for reimbursement, under the compacts', was
most extraordinary.      Hi said the stage of the dis-
cussion at which this ground had been taken, and a
recurrence to the coarse of argument which pre-
cede! it, gave it very much the appearance of an
afterthought.   The friends of the bill had not only
resisted striking out the clause, connecting it with
the compacts between the United Slates and Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri, but they had suc-
ceeded in overruling Mr. C's motion; they would
not agree, he said, to place the measure, as he had
desired them, upon its own merits, independent of
any hope or claim upon the two  per cent, fund,
but still it retained that feature.     Yet the Senator
from Illinois now maintains that the Cumberland
road doe  not rest upon the compacts with the
States interested!    He said he would leave  it to
the Senate to say whether this course was not
strangely inconsistent with the whole argument
against his amendment, and the vote by which it
had been ovfrrrtled.
Mr. C. said, the Senator from Illinois, to aid
him in his new p. sit on, now also contended that
Mr. Jefferson thought this road constitutional.
Now, siid Mr. C if t1 eeentlennn means to con-
vey the idea that Mr. Jefferson believed the Gene-
ral Government possessed the constitutional pow«r
to make roads or canals within the State-s, 1 deny
the assertion, and challenge him to the proof. Can
the Senator from Illinois, or any other gentleman,
show a single sentence in all that Mr. Jefferson
has said, or written, to warrant the belief that he
ever en'enained the opinion that this Government
piissessed power to make internal improvements?
No, sir, said Mr. C. it is impossible—except so far
as to agree to expend two per cent, of ihe nett pro-
ceeJsof the public lands in making roads to the
new Sta'es, to accelerate the settlement and fa-
cilitate the sale of the national domain, as he had
stated in a former part of the discussion; and this
was a meie incident to the "power to dispose of,
and make all needful rules" and regulations respect-
ing, the territory or ohejr property belonging to
the United States." But, although in this aspect,
that distinguished Republican had approved of bills
making appropriations for the Cumberland road;
and although those bills had anticipated the accrue-
ment of the fund reserved for that purpose; he had
never exceeded its ultimate probable amount; nor
had he ever signed a bill which did not promise
reimbursement.
But the Senator inquires how, wiih such views
as I 'have expressed, 1 can vote to relinquish the
two per cent, hereafter to accrue in those States?
To this, said Mr. C. I answer, I do so on the prin-
ciple of quieting a vexatious claim, and by way of
buying our peace. He alluded to what was com-
monly called the Yazoo cla;m, known to have
originated in fraud, and to have been totally
- invalid. Yet the General Government had
given the claimants 5,000,000 dollars, to get rid
of a troublesome question. He a'sj said, even
in the h s'ory of this road, there was precedent
enough for such legislation. It was on the princi-
ple to which he referred, that several acts had been
passed, making large appropriations for the Cum-
berland road on this side of the Ohio, conditioned
that the several States through which it passed
Wunld accept the road within their respective
limits, and keep it up. Indeed, he said, a session
of Congress seldom occurred, that some act did not
pasB, founded on this principle of compromise; and
he had no hesitancy in saying that one more ad-
vantageous or necessary than lhat proposed, had
never been passed.
The Senator had brought ap, too, the application
of the Legislature of Alabama for a relinquishment
of the works which had been commenced on Ihe
Tennessee river. Mr. C. a^ked, where Was the
analogy between that case and the present? He
answered, none whatever; and although the Sena-
tor from Illinois was at the head of the Comm ttee
on Road* and Canals, to which the memorial from
the Legisla'urc of Alabama had been referred at
the last session, and again at an early day of the
present session, Mr. C. said, from the Senator's al-
lusion to the subject, he feared he had never read
it. He said he would inform the Senator fiom
Illinois that the two cases were entirely dissimilar.
The friends of the Cumberland road not only
claimed $450,600 now, but that nea'ly $3,000,000
more, in all, should be appropriated for its
completion. The application fr<m Alabama
was, not that Congress should appropriate
more money for the completion of the canal,
bat that the work might be relinquished to
the State, that she might finish the improvements
herself. Mr. C. could see no good ground for ob-
jection to this proposition from any quarter. 1 he
completion of the canal, ©r the removal of the ob-
structions to the navigation of the Tennesse river,
presented by the muscle shoal*, on some o her
plan, was, h« said, all-important to the agricultural
and commercial interests of the northern part of
Alabama, and also to those of several other States.
Connected, as this improvement was, with the com-
merce of all the Western and Southwestern States,
in a greater or less degree, it had much higher
claims to the aid of the National Treasury than
any turnpike road running through the interior of
the States. This work having been commenced by
the General Governm*nt, application had been
made in f< rmer years for further appropriations to
complete it; but they had been made in vain. The
State had despaired of further aid, and now made
the very reasonable request that it might be given up
to her own exclusive control. He said he wouldlake
this occasion to invite ihe consideration of the com-
mittee to the subject, and hoped, whatever might
be their conclusion, they would at least report their
views upon the memorial, and let the Senate judge
of its merits.
Mr. WEBSTER said, it must be acknowledged
that this bill calls for the appropriation of a large
amount of money, considering ihe present state of
the Treasury; and, as the object is not embraced
in any estimate submitted by the Treasury Depart-
ment, we shall be very likely, hereafter, to hear
Congress reproached with extravagance, and with
disrrgard of the economical maxims of the Execu-
tive. I am induced, nevertheless, to vote for the
bill. I regret that some of its friends place its sup-
port en grounds whi-.h do not appear to me to be
substantial. They treat ihe subject as matter of
contract. They refer to the provision by which,
when these Northwestern States were respectively
admitted into the Un<on, two per cent, of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands were to be reserved, to
be applied by Congress to the making of roads
leading to the Sta'es; and there is in this bill a sec-
tion purporting to charge this appropriation to that
fund. I have voted to strike out that section, be-
cause the fund has long since been exhausted and
expended. This every one knows. Yet the sec-
tion is retained to give the color of contract or ob-
ligation to the bill, instead of leaving it in the plain
character of a bill making a direct grant of money
out of the Treasury for contracting a road. This
section is a little narrow is'hmus, along which a
few friends, it is hoped, may persuade themselves
to walk, who are afraid of the broad general ground
of the Constitution—a sort of bridle path, which
they can thread along, and arrive at an affirmative
V( te, by a way not known to others. I am against
these contrivances, and place my support of the
measure on grounds entirely different.
It h now fifteen years, I think, since I was first
called upon, as a member of Congress, to act upon
the subject of this road. It had then reached the
Ohio. I took some pains, at that time, to explain
the grounds of my vote in favr r of the appropria-
tion, and I have never seen reason to change them.
On the present occasion, I shall only merely refer
to them.
The Northwestern territory was ceded to the
United States under the Confederation; and, on
the adopt'on of the present Constitution, this vast
pnbl c domain fell under the control of Congress.
All the properly and rights belonging to the United
States under the Confederation devolved upon this
Government by the estab'ishment of the present
C( n?'.itution, as did abo all their debts, compacts,
treaties, and obligations. And the Constitution
expressly declares that Congress shall have power
to dispi se of this territory, and to make all needful
rults and regulations respecting it.
Under th s aathori'y, Congress has caused the
the territory to be surve}ed, the lands laid off into
townships and sections, and great portions < f them
sod to «ettlets. The new Sta'es have thus sprung
 p, and been admitted into the Union, successively,
as they have attained the proper amount of popu-
lation.
In general, Congress has done nothing to pro-
mote the sale of these lands, but to survey them
and lot them out; and, whi'e yet held by Govern-
ment and for five years after, none of them are
taxable by the Stat? Governments. The Govern-
ment of the United States, therefore, in relation to
these lands, is a great URtaxed proprietor. As a
great proprietor, then, holding these lands for sale,
is any thing more reasonable than that it should
open the country, make roads through it, render it
accessible, and thus bring the lands into market? Is
not this ju^t what any large individual proprietor of
forest lands would find it h's interest to dtf? Congress
has express authority to make all needful rules and
regulations for the whole subject. It has made
already a mass of rules. It has made lines for ex-
ploring, rules for surveying, and running rules, and
rules for selling and r ceiving payment. Many ot
these rules and regulation* necessarily incur, in
carrying them into effect, great expense; yet no one
doubts that all su^h expenses may be v?ry proper-
ly paid out of th« Treasury.   And if Cgngress
