aro
'16th Cono-..1st Skss
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
Freedom of Election*—Mr. Walter son.
April,  1S40.
H. of Reps
people or 'he States. My colleague, not discou-
rsed by the ill success of this first attempt to which
two of his friends in the other body w*re made a
sacrifice, has again brought forward the «-ame plan
m a shghtly modified form.
Can my colleague be surprised that a bill, the
features of which are so well understood, and
which has been so strongly reprobated, should be
resisted on ns threshold? Can he be surprised at
the hesitation manifes'ed even m granting leave
to introduce the bill, or that a motion should now
be made for its rejection? But having a^ared tdeaon
thi« subject, and possessing unwavering confidence
in his views of it, he commenced his speech with
an expression of surprise that such opposition was
mamteMed by a portion ot hi* colleagues and
others of the same political party, when he asked
leave to m'roduce his bill. He told the House
what the Globe would have said, in the event
leave had been relused. Whether the «ketch
which he drew was mere fancy or not, I do not
feel myself called upon to give an opinion I
think, however, he is entirely mistaken in suppos
ing that tho«e who vo ed against leave were actu-
ated by the motives which he ascribes to them
They, no doubt, thought the bill was v> abom na-
ble, that it was lheir duiv to oppo-e it at every
step of us progress—thit it was so obnoxious, it
couid find but httie favor even wi.h the gjn
tleraan's o#n p litical friends upon ihis floor—
tha an unpohube debate would ar se upon it,
which would consume mucn time, ihai should he
devote! to the ímiortant piblic business ot the
country, n-q uring lcnmeliue action S r, I am
■not sure iiui tiey t >ok the right cours*, an i
*h>uld hive i ee i «.u«tn'ief, tin ugh my vote
wand^.rec >rded n favor ot giving leave It oc-
«>  red to hie, at the tune, that, it my collergie
wtre n >i \ erm tted to hang a rea1 bonafi-lt  'um,j
sr> e h, 'o ir venire oH, on tu* oi'l, ab >ui the ot-
fiic ho'd rs and Exe-uue patronage, hi would
be criain >o do so, when s ime oih r measure was
uuHer discission, and that even in poiniof time, no
tain ' oa \ b sa/ed oy iefu<ing 11 graut the leave
d"s °i .1 > fOJtt, sir, th- bill has i e^n on your
docket for a lo g while, and t wish to see it di«-
po el of—a vote a^n up in it—and iet the coun-
try know how m n*r members are in favor of
wha1 I conceive t> be it' dious ptov si >ns i
hope* therefore, ih it no friend or ihe Administta-
Uon will move to lav it upon the tab e, or to g«>t
clear of it in any other i d rect w*y L-t Us
m «rch Tight up to the main que uon, and if tie
bil' contains the principle? ot the Wnis party, the
sooner the people know it the bet er. But I pre-
dict tha', vvh'necer we cone t > the snckmg point,
siifh dodg n% and hiding b«-hml pillar^, as there
will be, his not been witnessed among my col-
league's pilitical friends, since the ' tnmn laljive'"
voted for Mr Crittfndkn's famous gag bill.
My colleague complams that ihe minority of this
House are gagged by the majority. Where is the
evidence of it? Is it to be found in the many
elaborate electioneering speeches which have been
made here by htm and his political associates?
Have they not wasted fivefold as much t me in
useless parnsin debates, as has been wasted by the
Democauc member ? These facts ar° mdisputa-
b e—they aie blazoned on the records of our pro-
ceedings, yet, forsooth, the Opposition are gagged'
Sir, if it were not for the "previous q íestion" in
the House, and a determination on the part of the
majority to "set out" important questions in Com-
mittee of the Whole, it would be impossible to do
any husin°ss—such s the disposition of ihe Whigs
to s-'ave off everv question, to impede ihe progress
of legislation They oppos- every thing and pro-
pose nothing Like the architect of ruin, they are
eternally endeavoring to pull down, and never
«nee make an effort to build up.
Mr Speaker, the clamor of the Opposition about
office holders is not new to our ears. It is the cry
of the out  against the ins. It will be a- perpetual
as the existence of parties. We have often heard
it before. Strangers to the cry would be led to
suppo>e, that all office holders, all who were so far
honored with public confidence, as to hold any
pub ic s'atiou ot profit or trust, are neces-anly ene-
injes to their country—particularly if tney should
happen to hear the emphatic denunciation* of them
by my colleague. If, sir, there arj too many ottite
holders, let him specify them, and brug forward a
bill to dispense wiih them, and I assure him that
I will go for it No proposition has yet come
frem him for that purpose, and none can be ex-
pected.
But, Mr. Speaker, is the purity of repre«n'ation,
and t^e freedom of elections, alone assailable by
office holders of the General Government? Can my
colleague see no danger fiom any other quarter'
In ihe scenes which have lately passed be'fore our
eyes, and to which he alluded in his remarks on
yesterday, can he n it discover the danger to wh eh
elections both of members of Congresx and ot ihe
Slate Leg sla'ures, are exposed from sources much
nearer home than his supposed Executive influ-
ence? On the part of officers of the State Govern-
ments there have been daring attempt-., of late
years, to suppress the right of suffrage, and to con-
trol the results of elections. In one State, Penn-
sylvania, the policy was avowed by the minority
party, ihen in power, of "treating ihe election as
if it hal not been held." The attempt was
maHe in that and in one ether Siaie, by ofli er^
holding my c 'lleague'^ political opinions, and
«hariog with him in abhorrence of Executive in-
fluence over election —nit to petsu^de a pvrson to
vo'e, or dis uade hi n fr un votirg, this or tha'way
—but to suppres the r ght of suffrage itself—to iet
an le the voice of ihe people—and, in short, to
su isatute the will of the minority, (or that of the
majorny Yes, sir, ihe acts of leckles^anl un=
pnncip'ed officers of ihe Stat- G vemmen -, have
been substituted, or anercipicd to besubstnu fd, tor
a free ee turn by thepioplf, and, in all ihis, my
col'ea u* sees no cau«e of alarm, thnujh in one
ca e, it brought one of the largest and m st re-
spectable Slates in the Urn n, to ihe brink of revo-
lut on and civil w-ir, and, in the o h r led 10 a pro
I me><\ rii-orKinijau n of the legislative brancn of
the Federal Governme t
Aeain; elections are exp 'sed  o another vicious
influence, which see ns to luve escaped the none*
and reprobation ol my colleague I mean th° in-
fluence of "assi c a ed weabh," of pr viUged cor-
porations, ac'i'g in concert wi h Sate ifhc-rs,
against the policy of the Admi is rat on of the
General Government. I-> there n> dinger frem
this '•ource? The tremendous money power o thi-
country, and its na'ural ally, the m >ney power of
Eoglan I, are brought to bear, a* we have too o'ten
witnessed, not onlv upon elections, but upon ihe
elected Representative' of th  people V/ho c^n
e*tufiat<- the danger to our ín^titutu ns, of the con-
cen ra ¿on ot ttu> monejed power in the hinds ol
the General Governmsnt, whi^h it is the object of
the Wh gparty, who support the union of Bank
and State, to effect? And this o jert is to be
brougit about, not by the Administration and
its adnerents, bit by offi ers of the State Govern-
ment1-, acting in co-operation with m mey corpora-
tions, to c ntrol or set aside the popular will, as
expressed at the polls.
Bat whence is this outcry asainst the interfer-
ence of officer-- of the Federal Government in
elections? Does it not arise chi fly from tnose
S ates where the Opposition to the Admini>nation
have the majority? if this influence can he frit
much any whe e, it is in the large cit es on
the seaboard, Pni'adelphia, New York, Bo ton,
Providence, New OrWn , &c. where there are
numbers of custom-he use offictrs But have not
the e cities been oppose 1 to the Adm n s ration?
In Pniladelphia the majority for Ritnero\eT Porter
wa- upwards of four thousand. The city of New
York, at the la-*t Congressional elect on, went
against the Administration; an4 if, with the aid of
the re is ry law, the Whigs can drive the people
from the polls, they hope to win it again. Who
can attribute much influence, for or aeainst an
Administration, over the intelligent and spiuted
population of those cities, to a few weiahers and
gaugers, mspecters and tide wait r-? At ail events,
their influence does not appear to havs been very
efficient in commanding a majority.
In the interior of the country, a Government
ofiu-er is scurcely seen, nor is the power of th" Ex-
ecutive, m any way, seen or felt.   The workings
of our system are so admirable, thai the hand of
the General Goverr merit i« ra e y viable thf-re.
The post offices c< mprise the only c'a-s of public
offisers that the peopie generally are < ften brought
in contact with Thpre are abo jt twelve thru-and
postmas ers. But is it not nr torious that more th n
half of these officers are Opposition men? Mr
Kendall so informs us, in a If' ei rtd1res<;ed to a
membpr of thi* Hous , [Mr Dincan-,] at the last
session If any infli ence be exerted by office
holders under the Federal Government, it musí be
chiefly through this army of cflit.ers,atd m re than
half of them, I repeat, are Whigs The Adminis-
tration is likely, therefore, to lose at least as
much as it can gain by their political mflaence
Most c>( the e officers ate i«en of seme con
sideration in iheir own neighborhood, and
take the office for the accommodation of their
neiahbots, and not for the emolument, which is but
trifling—'•omeume-. not five dollar-, a year The
office is too inconside able to attach them to an
Executive, but, at the sain- time, it is one wh eh
they can, if they please, turn mth great powei and
effect against an Administration, by distributing
Fedfiral documents, promoung subscriptions to Fe-
dera' newspapers, and violating the r official duty
by franking If ifus  thina^ are donc at all, they
can surely be Jone by the Opposi ion poMma ters,
to as great an extent, as by those who are friendly to
the Administration
It is in vain, then, that we look to the officers of
the cu-t ms, or to t' e dpp ny postmasters, for the
evidence of ihat u fluenc* in support of the Execu-
tive, which my colleag >e so much dreads Wnere
is it to be 'ojno? Will be poii t to Wash ng'on
City fir piooi? Here, uoder the i-nm^diate nflu-
ence of the Presiden and his cahmet three-founhs
of all the cmz'n- are Whisrs. A large portion of
the clerks and the heads of bureaus are also o posed
to the present D^mocrauc Administration If, sir,
ihe Pres dent is to be censured at all, it ougnt to be
for keeping in < ffiee so many ot his oppi nents If
he is to hare all ihe od um, I think he ought to
Ime it f rsrmi>ihin? From ihe continual c'a-
mor about prosepp'ton, a peison who Knew n< thing
about it might well «uppo^e that there is some
truth in it, bu' the charge cannot be sustained by
the facts of ihe ra e. Tne Pr si li-n' do< s not agree
lo puisue su-h a ctur-e a- I would urge ¡so tar
as t am concerred, I would, as to all impor ant
offireis swtep ihe poli? cal cb«s\boatd, a"d it is all
shter hypoc i<y m the 0, p > mon, wb n they make
anv mher professu n, becmse, whenever and
wh-rever they have the power, 'he? carry out the
pi nciples of lodi-cn cíñate pro'crijiti in
I would like to see the política1 friends of my col-
league from the State of NewYiii vote for the
b'I During the Legislature now in session, the
Wh g Governor of that Sta e turned out and re-
fused io reappoint six hundred and more Demo-
crat c office ho'ders, including those of the lowest
grade, down to cullers of staves and heading, and
mspecters of sole leather.
Is u not notorious ihat the Whig Ci y Council
of New York tuni'd oat every D^m era*, evni
iha street scavengers an 1 lamp lighter^? Did not
the Ritner dynas') carry out the spoiK principe,
as my colleaguf has been pleased to cail it \u h a
ungi-aice"! He made a e'ein vweep. The white
laborer-, on the pub ic works were d smissed, and
as I have ju-.t been info med, negroes were put in
the r placts In New Jer-ey, the great broad sjal
State, evet> justice of th* peace was dunns-el,
and in Massachuset s, Vermont, Riode Is and,
Connecticut, and every other Stale  h°re they
have held the power, the same course has been
pursued. If ihe country should be cur>ed by the
election of the nominee of the Harnsburg Conven-
ing they will change their clamor, but there is no
danger that they will ever tnve that ci ise for
ceasing thJ r hypociiucil try of pir c ipuo i.
Here, I would have it understood, Mr Speaker-,
that noiwiihMam'i ig I an for a pretiy general
tumbling ov rboarJ, vet I would censure the Pre-
sident, or any o her min, for tuna g out compe-
tent, meritorious, and texpectable officers, and ap-
poisting others just the ie/tr e. But so ¡oa? as I
could find among my own friends, those who were
