April, 1840.____________
26th Covg«*"1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Freedom of Elections—Mr. Waller son
H o  Reps.
violation ot pledges made to his constituents, and
the principles which he professed when elected.
David Leech, president of Leech's Transporta-
tion Company on the Pennsylvania canal, and was
for John Cluincy Adams.
Edward Darlington, lawyer, Abolitionist, and
was for John Q.. Adams.
Samuel M. Barclay, lawyer, Abolitionist, and
was for John Q,. Adams.
E. T. McDowell, lawyer, is far universal free
negro suffrage, and was for John O,. Adams.
James Merrill, lawyer, Abolitionist, and was
for John 0.. Adams.
Cyrus P. Marrle, manufacturer, and was for
John Q. Adams.
Thomas E. Cochran, editor ef a Federal news-
paper.
T. H. Patterson, speculator.
A. 0. Cahoon, merchant, and was for John CI.
Adams.
Bela Badger, one of the judges of the election
in the Northern Liberties of Philadelphia, in 1838,
where such frauds were perpetrated. To say meie
of him is unnecessary.
NEW JERSEY.
Asa Whitehead, lawyer, and was for John &.
Adams.
Dudley S. Gregory, lottery broker, and was for
John Q, Adams.
Thos. A. Hartwell, lawyer, and was John CI.
Adams.
John D. Hager, clerk on a steamboat, and was
for John, CI- Adams.
Craio Moffitt, lawyer, and was for Adams, if
aid enough.
Robt. E. Horner, printer, and was for John CI.
Adams.
DELAWARE.
Thomas Rodney, a gentleman of leisure, and
was for John CI. Adams.
Prxstly Sp&uance, merchant, and was for John
& A lams.
Peter F. Cadsey, merchant, and was for John
& Adams.
Joshua G. Barer, school teacher, and was for
John Q, Adams.
Wm. D Waples, a dismisred mail contractor,
and was for John & Adams.
MARYLAND.
Reverdy Johnson, lawyer, and director of the
Bank of Maryland when it blew up, and ruined
hundreds.
Henry Page, lawyer, and was for John &.
Ad*ms.
William Price, lawyer, and was for John &.
Adams.
Richard J. Bowix, lawyer, and was for John &.
Adams.
John Leeds Kerr, lawyer, and Was for John &.
Adams.
J. N. GoLDSBORonen, planter, and was for John
&. Adam .
Robt W. Bowie, planter, and was for John &.
Adams.
James Moores, planter, arid was for John &.
Adams.
Ashton Alexander, physician.
VIRGINIA.
Benjamin Watkins Leigh, lawyer, and a lead-
ing member of the Hamburg convention. He
made a speech in the Virginia convention, in which
he contended that the log cabin men, whom he
called the peasantry, ought not to be entitled to the
right of suffrage, any more than the slaves, as they
were not qualified to judge of political affairs.
Now, I presume, he is the very pink of Democracy,
and is exceedingly fond of hard cider.
James W. Pegram, lawyer, and was for John
Cluincy Adams.
Ed. R. Chambers, lawyer, and was for John
Clmncy Adams.
Wm. C. Mt'SfBY, lawyer.
Festos Dickinson, lawyer.
Willooghb? Newton, lawyer.
Henry Berry, lawyer, and was for John &mn-
cy Adams.
Augustus Waterman, lawyer, and was for John
Cluincy Adams.
B.   tí. Baldwin, lawyer, and was for John
demcy Adams.                                                         I
Jssse Edgingti'N, lawyer, and was for John
Cluincy Adams.
Wm. S. Archer, lawyer, once a Jackson man,
but has been violently opposed to the Democratic
party ever «nee Mr. Stevenson received the appoint-
ment of Minister to England.
John Janney, lawyer, and was for Ji hn Cluincy
Adams.
Jones Green, lawyer, and was for J. Q.. Adams
Gen J. B. Harvey, merchant, and was for John
Ctuiney Adams.
Isaac A. Coles, planter, and was for John
Cluincy Adams.
NORTH CAROLINA.
James Mebane,   planter,   and   was for   John
Cluincy Adams.
Frederick J. Hill, physician, and was for
John Cluincy Adams.
Charles R. Kinney, lawyer.
John B. Kelly, lawyer.
W. H. Battle, lawyer.
Borgess S. Gaither, lawyer.
John C. Washington, merchant, and was for
John Cluincy Adams.
Isaac Burns, Physician, and was for John Cluincy
Adams.
Wm. F Davidson, lawyer, and was for John
Cluincy Adams.
Nathaniel M. Roan, physician.
Henry W. Miller, lawyer.
Joseph R. Loyd, lawyer, and was for John
Cluincy Adams.
Wm. W. Cherry, lawyer, and was for John
Quinsy Adams. .
KENTUCKY.
Leslie Combs, lawyer, land speculator, "Chick-
asaw Amba ador," and was far John Cluincy
Adams.
James Shelby, one of the most extensive and
wealthy stuck raisers in the State of Kentucky, and
was for J< ho Cluincy Adams.
Cassiüs M. Clay, lawyer, and was for John
Cluincy Ariarn*.
William i reston, an aristocratic lawyer, and
was fur John Cluincy Adams.
David Banks, bank officer, and was for John
duincy Adam*.
Marshall Key, clerk of a court, and was for
John- Cluincy Adams.
OHIO.
N G Pendeton, lawyf r, a twice defeated can*
didate for Congress, and was for John Ctatncy
Adam?.
Binjmin Bentley, president of a bank.
John Johnson, defaulter, a Hamiltoniiin Federal-
ist, and u< for J >hn Cluincy Adams.
Cyrus Falcar, physician.
Wm. S. Murphy,  lawyer, and the same nan
whose card, denouncing Senator Allen, was pa-
raded   in the columns   of the   Mariisonian not
long since.   The reason of his bulhing proclama-
tion will be duly appreciated   when the fact is
made known, that he, the afotesaid Wm. S. Mur-
phy, was a candidate for Congress, in 1833, against
Mr. Allen, and only received one vote in '.he iown
in which he resided, and bat fifty-five votes in the
whole district, out of six or eight thousand!     And
such was the insignificance of the man, to use no
harsher term, that Mr. Allen scorned to notice the
outpourings of his malice.
John M. Creed, lawyer and a defeated candi-
date for Congress.
Ira Belknapp, speculator, and was for John
Cluincy Adams.
Benjamin S. Cowan, lawyer, Abolitionist and
bank attorney.
Charles T. Sherman, lawyer.
Cyrus Prentiss, merchant, canal contractor.
Tracy Bronson, physician, Abolitionist, and was
for John Cluincy Adams.
Holland Green, merchant, and was for John
Cluincy Adams.
John S. Lacy, tavern keeper.
INDIANA.
Doulass McGüiRE, printer, and was for John
Cluincy Adams.
Amos Clark, lawyer, and was for John Cluincy
Adams.
James Perry, lawyer, and was for John Cluincy
Adams.
Milton Stapp, lawyer, and was for John Cluincy
Adams.
R. W. Thompson, lawyer, and was for John
Cluincy Adams.
Thos. J. Evans, lawyer, and was for John
Glmncy Adams.
Samuel Hanna, merchant, and was for John
Cluincy Adams.
LOUISIANA.
J. Mason Graham, planter on Red river.
MISSISSIPPI
T. C. Tupper, lawyer.
Ander*on Miller, land speculator, and gentle-
man of pleasure.
ILLINOIS
Georgk W. Ralph, lawyer.
W. S. Newberry, merchant.
Wm. B. Warren, meichant.
ALABAMA.
Henry Hilliard, lawyer, preacher, and editor,
W. H. Smith editor.
John M. Swope, mf rr-hant.
MISSOURI.
W. H. Russell, lawyer, and was for John &.
Adams.
Logan Hünton, lawyer, and was for John &.
Adams.
Uriel Wright, lawyer.
MICHIGAN.
Geo. C. Bates, lawyer, an old Federalist, and
was for John Cluincy Adams.
Thomas J. Drake, lawyer, and was for John
Cluincy Adams.
A.  S. McReynolds, merchant.
ARKANSAS.
B.  H. Martin, lawyer and & gentleman of plea 
sore.
[The foregoing list embraces every delegate in
ihe Hatnsburg Convention, but eight or nine,
whose professions, &c. I could not learn, as they
are reprt sen ed in Congre.-s by Whigs. It wi 1 be
seen that they are nearly all lawyers, merchants,
bank officers, and A'joht onists. Not a log cabin
man in the whole catalogue.]
Mr. W. again resumed his remarks. He said
the information he had been prevented from 'ajing
before the House, would show whose candíate
General Harrison was It would -ho" what kind
ot "conscript fathers," *s he hid ¡>een them termed
by the Wh g press, had assemb ed at Harrisonrg,
and nominated him. I' won d show tha1. in ih<tt
convention, there was evety hue of opinion—s'ave-
holders and Abolitionists, h gn tariffiteo, and ihose
who are for ••hee trade," Haitforl Convention Fe-
deralists, and apos'a<e Republicans, latitudmariass,
an I th' !<ewho piofess 10 b*  sirici constructionists.
No wonder they did not publivh an addie-s to the
people of the United S ates setting forih their prin-
ciples. No wonder Mr. Leigh of Vireinia violent-
ly oppo«fd, and the convention alm< si unanimouslj
vot'd down such a jroposiion. Tney knew very
well that a all their conflict^ principles were
spread out befóte the American people, they could
no longer humbog and d«lude thousands who are
honestly co-operattnR with them. They thought it
their best policy to continue their old crusade
against the Republican paity—without showing
their own hands—by misrepresenting facs—ini-
pugn'ng motives—crying out corruption—prodigal
expenditures—defalcations—bankrupt Treaf-ury—
distress—ruin—bloodhounds—bull-dogs—and ras-'
cality generally. Sir, with these weapons they have
been fighting for years; but thanks to the patriotism
and intelligence of the country, such slang and
slander make no more impression on the minds of
the honest-hearted and sturdy Democrats, than the
falling of a f>un-parched leaf upon the Rocky moun-
tains. If it had, sir, you would have heard much
oftener the roar of cannon, and the voice ef Fede-
ral orators, celebrating Whig victories.
It would show, also, Mr. Speaker, that aside
from their ring-streaked and stripe i politics, nine--
tenths of the delegates in the Harrisbnrg Conven-
tion were lawyers, doctors, traders, speculators,
bank «fleers, and merchants,-who hailed from the
cities, towns, and villages. This fact fully ex-
plains why it is that the Whig newspapers have
bees teeming with the proceedings of Hamson
meetings, responding to his nomination, to use
their own language, in such gallant and enthusias-
tic style!   All the delegates had to do, was to  re-
