S76

APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
'    >IH   CoNtt"
...1st Sess.
Freedom of El- ction *—Mr  Watierson
H. of Reps.
turn to their respective towns and villages, call to-
ge'her a few counter-hoppers, brokers, pettifoggers,
quacks, and skin-flints, appoint n enairman and
secretary, draw up a long preimb'e and re olu-
tions denunciatory of the whole Demacra ic party,
make a few speeches in favor of • 011 r p," lire a
few guns, raise a few shouts and huzzas, drink a
few bottles of Champagne and call it harl «iider,
sing a few Tippecanoe sonys, and then what a
soul-stirnng time they had of it—what a glorious
Whig revival—what wonderful reactions! The
very next number of the village, town, or city
Whig paper, as the case may be, contains a glow-
ing account of the most numerous gathering of the
peopla that had been known for years—a sponta-
neous movement of the boue and sinew of the
land—when, in fact, the real people, the inmates
of the "log cabins," had no part nor lot in the
grand farce, and not a solitary political feeling in
common with the prime movers and participators
in it Hence the reason why the Wh'gs are so
often deceived in regard to the elections They
mistake the voice of the few, for the voice of the
many. They do not recollect that one Whig blus-
terer about a town can, and does, make more noise
than one hundred Democrats in the country.
Passing, Mr. Speaker, from this National Whig
Convention to their State Conventions, and we find
them composed of the same materials, both as it
regards their professions and politics. I have seen
it staged, that there were appointed to the rate
Wbig Convention of Ohio, five hundred and forty-
two bank office s, directors, <fee , seven hundred
and thirty-three oflice holders, three hundred and
forty-six lawyers and doctors, one thousand and
forty-eight merchants, clerks and speculators, and
apwards of five hundred Abolitionists.
Mr. MAjsON iaked the gaatlemaa what paper he was read.
utgfiomt
Mr.  WATTERSON answered that it was the
Ofcto Siatesman.
Kr. MASON «aid the statement was wholly urtnie in manv
particulars, to his knowledge The designation o the indivi
aaals in his county «rae altogether incorrect, and he had been
assured by some of his colleagues that it was equally untrue
with regard to the cuunties in which they resided. Indeed,
the whole statement had been publicly contradicted in a raptr
la his State, (aaminz it,] and the edit <r who made it cilled on to
TMKxVuee the prod which he failed te do.
Mr BOND cortoboi ¿ted the statement of ha colleague, [Ma
Mas'W,] and said that the statemmt, so far as it regarded the
individúale living in his county, was wholly destitut  of truth
Mr. WATTERíjON said he did not pretend to
be personally acquainted with the individuals
named in the paper before him. The paper occu-
pied a respectable standing in the S'ate of Ohio,
and he had no reason to doubt its statements. He
would like, however, to hear from his Democratic
friend fmm Ohio on the subject.
Mr MEDILL eaid he was acquainted with but few of the
persons named as having been appointed to attend the wonven
Uon, and had no other information on the subject than he de-
med through the various papers of the day He was entirely
willing to rest the correctness of the statement with the people
of Ohio, on the assertion of the paper m which it is contained,
and the denial of hia colleague The names of the delegates
that attended the convention from the county in which he, Mr
M Tesided, are not given, except to a very limited extent The
official character of the very few that are reported, is correctly
designated Six of them hold appointments under the Federal
Government They are highly respectable; but, so far from
residing in "log cabins," and depending for a precarious sub-
sistence on "hard cider, he believed the whole six were mer-
chants, ef considerable capital, and who indulged pretty
largely ra the good things for which that county was so distin
guished
Mr. WELLES observed, that with the permission of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr Watthbson,] lie would like
to say a word to his honorable colleague over the way, [Mr
Bond ] The statement made by the Ohio Statesman in rela-
tion to the materials which composed the late Whig Convention,
had been impeached by his colleague All he desired to say
on thiseubgect was, that so far as that list gave the business and
occupations of the delegates appointed from the district which
he had the honor to represent, he believed it was strictly cor-
rect, Ht) was personally acquainted with nearly all of the in-
dividual  named, and therefore had no hesitancy in making the
statement
Mr. WATTERSON. There is one fact which
Trill not be disputed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bowd ] Hi  political friends in the conven-
tion alluded to, wonld not condescend to let it be
known, through the medium of an address, what
the Whig party are contending for—what are their
principles. No, no. They deemed it more pru-
dent to meet in all the pomp and parade of modern
Whigery__in all the antic circumstances of buf-
foonery—with drums, fifes, bugles, and rams
horns—with chicken coops and bald eagles—with
bands of bacchanalian singers—with "log cabin"
flags floating m the air—uith boat loads of Federal
orators—wi h canoes upon wheel*!, So full of Whig
abuse, misrepresentation, calumny, and lawyers
eating ginger bread, that it took six horses to pull a
single canoe—all for the purpose of hiding the odi-
ou-ness of their principles tr< m the gaze of an in-
telligent and Republican people, and diverting their
minds from the true issue now before the country.
How far they can ¡succeed by such disgusting de-
vices, the ensuing Presidential election will deter-
mine.
In connection with this convention I have heard
an anecdote, and must ask the indulgence of the
House whilst I relate it. It shows conclusive'y
that there was at least one delegate in that nume-
rous and boüterous assemblage, who was immova-
bly honest in his politics, if he were not so in his
morals. After the convention had adjourned, and
its members had got through their c^rou als and
frolics and debaucheries, one of their number found
himself minus something under one hundred dol-
lars. Suspicion fastened itself upon a brother de-
legate. He was taken up—examued—and sure
enough the money was found in hi* possession
Welt, sir, this was too bad—something must be
done—it must not go abroad that a Whig had been
Swariwcuting, and they tried to prevail upon him io
avow hims°lf a Democrat. "No, gentlemen, said
he, no"—you may call me a thief, a rogue, a vil
lain—but by Heaven, he exclaimed (laising his
head ertct ior the first time) you can't cram De-
mocracy upon me—huzza for ' Old Tip."
Mr. Speaker, my colleague closed his speech
with some general remarks, and I will take the
same liberty.
In glancing over a Whg paper a short time
since, my attention was anested by an artic'e
headed in large capitals, "a voice from the
Sodth " From the flaming caption, 1 wa«¡ induced
to read it; and what should I learn bu' the as ound-
¡! in  fact that a steamboat had arrived at ihe port of
11 Mobile; and among the passenger*, a vote had been
taken for Pies'dent, the result of which was,
twenty-nine for Harrison, and nine for Van Buren'
I began to think that the Democratic party weie
surely upset at last—that such facis could not be
misted; and I do not know but I should have en-
tirely desponded, on my part, and given up the con-
test, had it not been for a second thought which oc-
curred to me. I recollected that in travelling up the
Mississippi river about two year  ago, when it was
believed Mr. Clay would be thp Whig candidate
for the Presidency, a gentleman from Philadelphia,
with whom I had formed a partial acquaintance,
proposed that we should hold an election, and
ascertain the preferences of those on board the
boat, as between Mr. Clay and Mr. Van Buren.
I assented to the proposition, and we made
the count. But lo ' I wai completely trumped,
on finding that out of near one hundred ca
bin passenger^, there viere but twen-y-thiee or
four for Mr. Van Buren' As a matter of
course, I became satisfied that Democracy had
but few charms for that crowd, and was ]U3t study-
ing how I should parry the laugh, if I may be per-
mitted to use the expression, which had been raised
at my expense, when the captain of the boat, who
proved to be a sterling Democrat, dyed in the wool,
suggested that there were about one hundred and
thirty "deck passengers" that we had not taken
into the count, the great majority of whom were
substantial farmer*., the honest " log cabin " men,
from Missouri, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, In-
diana, Ohio, and Pennsy'vania, who had been down
to New Orleans with their pork and beef, and corn
and flour. Go, said he, and sec whether they are
Whigs or Democrats? We did go, sir, and what
do you suppose was the result oí our investigation7
As well as I can recollect, there were one hundred
and three for Mr. Van Buren, and fourteen for Mr.
Clay. It is needle's for me to add, that the laugh
was most essentially turned upon my Philadelphia
friend, who declared he had just found out where
the Democrats came from at the time of elections,
(the log cabins.1 and that he never again would be
deceived by those who travel in the cabin on steam-
boats, in stages, on railroads, or who reside in the
cities, towns and villages.   Sir, he was right. De-
mocracy  flour^h^s best in   the  coun'ry, where, I
hesitate not  to say, there is more honesiy, more
virtue, more manly independence, and more sub-
stantial intelligence,  than   can   be  fourd in any
of your towns,   not excepting the city of Wash-
ington, if we are   to judge its population by those
who composed the Whig " pow-wows" not long
since, and  who  disturbed our slumbers   by their
groans and hi^se , and huz¿as and bacchanalian
shouts.    In  that living, moving, rant ng band, the
boys, negroes, loafers, and a new species of the
same animal, familiarly known in the city of New
York  as soap-locks, tock the  lead, and  the rear
was brought up by dismissed office holders, disap-
pointed  office seekers,  mustached Terriers, per-
fumed exquisites, with heie and there a gentleman
from both political parties, who   had  been drawn
out by cunosiiy to witness their riproanous proceed-
ings.    Sir, I would advise  them  to reserve their
groans tor a more appropriate occasion.    If they
will only wait  until next  autumn, ihey will have
cause to groan much deeper  and  much more bit-
terly—provided such an effect can te produced by
the triumph of Democracy.    When the vo'e comes
to be taken among  the log cabin*  of  the hardy
We^t,   of the East,  of the   North,   and  of the
South, these   midnight Whig braw ers will   learn
that the District of Columbia is but a small spot
in  the Union, and that if even they were enti-
tled  to vote in  the election   ot  a President, they
could scarcely ripple the current on which the Re-
publican party are  now sailing to victory.   The
principles of the General under whose banner they
have enlisted, are not congenial to the spirit of our
free   institutions.      They  may   hold hira up as
the "log cabin  and hard  cider" candidate-—ihey
may  resort  to   all   the tricks u<ually pracused
by demagogues—still it all wid not do.   The peo-
ple know their rights, and will maintain them; no
matter  whether  they live in log cabins or moie
comfortable   dwelling ; no matter whether they
they drink hard  cider, pale sherry, or pure water.
Sir, when I first heard Gen. Harrison called the log
cabin and hard cider candidate, I could not help
smiling at the credulity of his friends in supposing
ihat American   freemen could  be swerved from
their principles by such miserable humbugery.    I
was forcibly  reminded of a  gentleman within my
knowledge, who became a candidate for the Legis-
lature of his Stale.   He had  been very stiff" in his
manners, rathrr aristocrat c in hi  feelings, wore
his bosom fu 1 oí luffles, and withal had taken but
little pains lo bee* me acquainted  with  the sove-
reigns ol his  country.    But  so soon as he threw
himself before  them for their suffrages, all of a
sudden, he dashed away his ruffles, his limbs be-
came much more pliant, a pleasant smile played
upon his lips, and he seemed to know every body.
On seeing a countryman come into town, he would
start alter him in  a long trot, give him a cordial
shake of the hand, and inquire about the health of
his family.    It was not long, however, before he
caught a Tartar, or, as they say sometimes in my
country, waked up the wrong passenger.   He met
in his new complaisant way, an old Revolutionary
Whig, a true Whig, sir,  who thoroughly under-
stood the science of human nature, and the secret
springs which operated upon such men. Sir,said he,
to him, "I have known you for ten years; I have
never seen you so graciously conde sending before;
you must be a candidate—now just excuse me if y on
please, I ean't do any thing for you."   And such,
Mr Speaker, will be the language of the freemen
who   occupy   kg   cabins, when   they  are "gra-
ciously" asked to support the candidate of the mo-
neyed aristocracy of banks and soulless corpora-
tions, who would grind them   into dust, or put the
yoke of despotism upon their necks, it it were their
interest  te do so.    They are not to be caught, like
the  unsuspecting horse,  by holding out to them
salt in one hand, and a concealed bridle in the other.
Mr. Speaker, I have often been amused at the
facility with which  the  Whigs can make great
men.   In twenty four hours they can manufacture
out of straw a perfect Goliah in intellect.   All their
candidates for political offices  are  total demolisu-
ers.   They run over  their opponents rough shod
on all occasions   until the elections come on, and
then if they should chance to be demolished, which
