M r. 1W0.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$77
26tH COMQ«-"l9T SeM.
JVew Jersey Election—Mr. Brown of Ten.
H. of Reps.
is no unusual occurrence, great astonishment is
excited, and the reason of their defeat is always at-
tributed to any other cause than the correct une.
In my own 6tt'e—I hope 1 shall be pardoned fur
speaking of my own Sute, and even of my own
canvass, if I wish, as ihe example has been set me by
my colleague, who is an old member upon this floor,
and ought to know what is proper, and what is
not proper to be spoken here—:n my own Slate,
sir, the Whigs have a remarkable talent for this
kind of game.   Last summer their   candidate for
Governor, who is a plain sensible man, and when
I say thai I nave done him ample justice, handled
his competitor, who is known throughout the Union
as a statesman of commanding talents, and une-
qualled before a popular assembly,  with the same
ease that a giant would a lilliputian,and they boast-
jagry proclaimed to their fiieuds every where, that
they would carry the State by a majority of twenty
thousand   votes.     Letters were  published   from
every Congressional district, giving the gratifying
news that the Whig candidates tor Congress and
the Legislature were slaying their opponents as
Sampson slew the Philistines.   They  vauntiogly
avowed that they were not content to whip us
merely; they intended to give us such a complete
drubbing, that we would remember it all the days
of our lives; ihey were determined to make a clean
sweep.    To such an extent did they carry 'his
puffing and blowing and  bragg ng system, that I
sometimes became really alarmed, not only about
the fate of my ffiends, but that of my own.   My
«pjMftrnt was eulogized   as the "brave, gallant,
chivalrous, talented, eloquent, and whole souled
champion" of Whig principles.    According  to
their account of it, he was daily turning scores
from the Democratic ranks.   It was impossible to
iesist the arguments that emanated trom bis gigan-
tic mind.   He was walking over the coarse almost
without opposition.    I was adm jnUhed to retire,
and not be disgraced by the signal defeat which
awaited me, in the event I continued in the field.
(I presume, as I was a young man, they did not
wi>h to nip my political prospects in the bad.)
But, foolish like, I heeded not their friendly coun-
sel, and was only elected by the slender majority of
abónt fourteen hundred'votes!   Well, sir, having,
by the aid of my Democratic friends, slain  this
patent right Hercules of the Whig party, I felt a
good deal of interest in the success of my Demo-
cratic colleagues upon this floor, [Messrs. Johnson,
Tobitky, Brown, McClellan, and Blackwell,]
whom 1 had learned, from the Whig- newspapers
and letter writers, would be politically butchered
and hewn to pieces. Jndge my agreeable surprise,
when the news reached me that not one of them
was elected by a smaller majority than thirteen
hundred and fifty, or a larger majority than twen-
ty-three hundred!   About this time nothing but dis-
may and consternation pervaded the Whig ranks.
They could not tell what in the name of common
sense had got into the heads of the people.   They
were at a loss to account for their unexpected, bat
Waterloo defeat. At last a bright idea struck some
wag right opon the head, and it was, that (he Ala-
banians had come across ihe line, and voted for
the Democratic candidates.    Forthwith ihe Whig
press raised the yelp, and the whole party joined
in the chorus.   "Alabama, 0! the cursed Alabami-
nna,n was their cry for months.   Not once did they
dream that it was a triumph of Democratic princi-
ples—the calm judgment o  a Republican people,
brought to bear upon Fedbbalism, ap*>stact, and
oag law Senators.
I see, Mr. Speaker, as I have already intimated,
that ihe same system of boasting and puffing is now
heiBf carried on by the Whig party upon an ex-
tensive scale. From the disputed territory in
Maine, to the Sabine, all i« enthusiasm for the hero
of Tippecanoe. Thousand and teas of thousands
are hourly deserting the Administration and flock-
ing around his standard. They have made the
wonderful discovery, to —a di.«covery for which
they richly deserve a patent right—that Harrison
is-the greatest General that ever "lived in the tide
of time," and the greatest statesman of this or any
other age. Such is the Aery zeal of the people for
him, that the mountains and valleys of the North
aad East, the piairies of the West,- and the woods
and green moss of the South, are in a tremendous
blaae!   To U >p the current of public opinion which
is setting in his favor, is just as impossible as to
stop the current of the mighty Mississippi.   The
farmer is quitting his plough—the  mechanic his
square and compass—the lawyer his nisi prius—
the physician his pills—and the merchant his coun-
ter—all for the purpose of attending public meet-
ings and glorifying ihe nominee of the Hamsburg
Convention.    Bonaparte, in all his glory, had not
more followers, and never was so sure of victory.
In their  own chaste lingo,  the "spoilers will be
routed—the Goths and Vandals driven from the
Capitol."   Sir, this is what we have been  hearing
for the last thr e months—it is what  we will con-
tnue to hear until the  next   Presidential  elec-
tion.     It   is   the   same   cry   which   the   Fede-
ral party   have  put  up  on  the eve   of every
Presidential  contest   for   the   last   forty   yetrs.
But, thank Heaven, it   is  one   thing   to   crow
and ano'her thing to vote.   The Democratic party,
conscious of the correctness of their principles, are
not reduced to the necessity of bringing to their aid
such contemptible means.   When the time arrives,
however, they will march up to the polls, in solid
column, and give the allied powers of Whigery
such a rout as has never been witnessed in this
country.   Mark the prediction, Mr. Speaker, and
when you and I meet again after the close of this
session of Congress, if it is not verified, then you
may set me down a false prophet.
SPEECH OF MR. BROWN*
OF TENNESSEE,                /
In the  House ef Representative, March IT, 1840—
On the resolution reported Trom tb<yCommi;tee
of Elections by Mr.  CampbAll, tharr chairman,
proposing to print all  the  ilstimyoy connected
with the New Jersey contesten election, and ihe
amendment of Mr.  R. Garla  of Louisiana,
to print other testimony referreu to that commit-
tee, subsequent to its report:
Mr. BROWN desired that the  resolution might
be read, on which this exciting and extraordinary
debate had been goiDg on.    He desired it, that the
House might be brought back to the precipe cha-
racter of (he proposition before it—not  one touch-
ing the merits of the controversy; not one involv-
ing the truth of the facts set fonh in the repo.t, nor
the action of the House, in admitting five of these
gentlemen to temporary membership on ths floor.
All these things have passed by—the repot t has
been made—it has been sanctioned by the House,
and the five gentlemen are now  here present in
their seats.   All the testimony on which these pro-
ceedings have taken .place, has been reported to
the House, and the committee now s'and here de-
siring and insisting that it should be printed.    But
these papers, now desired to be alio printed, were
not  considered  by   the committee, because they
were never before them in the form of evidence.
Not one solitary member ever saw the  inside of
that package until after the report was made.    It
was sealed up from all inspection, and therefore
constituted no part of the foundation of this report.
Why then should it be printed with it, as a part of
it, when in trnth and faet it was never opened here,
nor referred to the committee, until after its report
had been made?    We desire all the testimony be-
fore the committee, and on which the report was
founded, to be printed and sent out with it, in or-
der that ihe people of this country may be able to
see and determine  whether the committee and this
House have done right in the New Jersey case.
To print these depositions, which came in after
ihe report, can shed no light on the propriety of
what has been done-   They are now before the
committee, and should continue there until the re-
maining depositions shall arrive, and the whole
case come on for final hearing on the ultimate
rights of the pany.   They will then be printed  in
connection with the others, and go to the  world as
a part ot the New Jersey case, and receive that at-
tention which they may be found to deserve.
But it is useless to dwell on this point; for it is
evident to every one that the proposition is submit-
ted only for the purpose of furnishing an. occasion
to assail the conduct of the majority of the commit-
tee who made the report, and of the House by
whom it was confirmed. Sir, it is now notoriously
a question of crimination. Having failed to get in
the five claimants commissioned by the Governor,
and having farther tailed in excluding the five who
actually received the majority of the votes, gentle-
men turn round, in the rage and fury of their dis-
appointment, and >-eek to criminate the conduct of
all those by whom their purposes have been frus-
trated. Proud in the consciousness of having done
righ', as one member of the committee, I stood
ready to meet any and every charge that might be
preferred agdinst me, or any of the honorable gen-
tlemen who had concurred in making this report. I
expected those charges, if made at all, would surely
be preferred by members of the committee—by
those whose situation enab'ed them to form an opi-
nion worth submitting to the Anurtcan people.
Judge, then, Mr. Speaker, my surpri-e, when I
saw tne gentleman from Maryland suddenly thrust
himself into this controversy, which I had con-
sidered as a sort of "family affair," and gravely
prefer a long list of charges against the majority of
the committee. I do not deny the gentleman's
right to do so, nor do I question ihe sincerity of his
declaration, that, in his opinion, there had b en
something wrong in the action of the committee.
But, sir, I now admonish him in advance not to be
too precipitate in his conclusions—his situation has
not been favorable to a correct knowledge of the
facts; andl pledge myself now here, to the House,
and the nation, that he has not preferred one soli-
tary charge that cannot be triumphantly refuted.
The gentleman told us that he had looked into
our journals, but was constrained to admit that he
had only done so slightly. Now, sir, this very ad-
mission ought to have suggested to him to have
been more sparing in his denunciations. What!
did ihe gentleman think he could examine the con-
tents of this huge volume in a single night? That
he could comprehend the profound legal learning
of the gentleman from New York, the skilful spe-
cial pleading of the gentleman from Alabama, and
the wily tact of him from Virginia, on so slight and
so hasty an inspection? The gentleman can have
no sort of idea of the profound mysteries of this
new and interesting work.
With no better opportunity than this to obtain
correct information, the gentleman selected one por-
tion of the journal here, and another there—a frag-
ment from one place, and a scrap from another,
and drawing his conclusions from such disjointed
premises, proclaims to the country ''that there was
something wrong in the committee room." Sir, I
expect there was something wrong in that committee
room—some.h'ng wrong in this House—something
wrong b fore ihe Governor and Privy Council of
New Jersey. But I stand here to say, after a full
examination of this case, that that wrong is not on
the side of those who have maintained the rights of
the people of New Jersey agair.st its Governor and
Council.
Let it be remembered that no gentleman has
ventured to dispute the great and controlling fact
which constitutes the sum and substance of this
report, to wit: who received the greatest number of
votes cast in the New Jersey election. No man
has, because no man could deny it. The parties
holding the Governor's commission, so lar from
ddnymg that their competitors did receive the ma-
jority of votes, in their written pleadings have sub-
stantially admitted it. They have so plainly ad-
mitted it, that the committee need not have called
a single witness in the case; they need not have
taken a solitary deposition; but, walking into this
hall, might have laid that written admission on
your table, and said to you: "Behold the fact which
you required us to ascertain !" In one hour after
the pleadings of the parties were closed, the com-
mittee mi^ht have made the report which they
have made, and the House have taken the very
action they have taken, on the parties' own admis-
sions: If it be asked why such a report was not
made sooner, under such circumstances, my an-
swer is, that those who are now so much abused
as an unjust and overbearing majority, never be-
came a majority until the orders of this House had
been given, Commanding this report to. be made.
Until then we werein a minority, incapable of con-
