S80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. It40.
26th Cono.¿.....1st Seís.
lake action on the paper. That action depended
solely on the chairman, into whose hands it came,
which the committee had no right to accelerate
or retard, by any order on the subject. The gen-
tleman from Maryland, however, assumes the
ground that the chairman had the right to break the
seal, and to open the package, without presenta-
tion to the Speaker or any order o i the House.
The Speaker, however, was of a different opinion.
Every member of the committee present thought
' differently, except the gentlemen from New York
and Connecticut. The gentleman from Alabama
has no recollection of hearing the proposition
made, that the chairman should open it; but, at ihe
same time, he tells you if he had heard it, he
would not have sanctioned the idea for one mo-
ment.
iMr. Crabb here rose and submitted some re-
marks of explanation.]
Mr. Brown was glad that the gentleman from
Alabama had submited his remarks: he wanted
bis position to be perfectly understood, for it was
one on wh ch he did not intend to bestow the
slightest censure.
On the question of sending this package to the
Speaker, and waiting for its reference and return,
only two of the minority present voted for it, the
gentleman from Alabama not being one of them.
[Mr. Crabb again explained, and said that his
rote against sending it, was owing to certain reci-
tals on the resolution of the gentleman from Con-
necticut, which he did not think correct in point of
fact.]
Mr. Brown then read the resolution, and the vote
taken on if, and said that be meant to furnish the
House with the precise facts as they had existed,
but did not doubt the motive which ihe gentleman
had stated, controlled his vote on that occasion.
Mr. Speaker, I have been much astonished at
the opinions which the gentleman from Maryland   [
advanced on  this part of the case.   I understand   '
he is a distinguished member of the bar, and it is   ;
with extreme reluctance that I would undertake to
qoestion  any  of his  legal opinions.    Still I beg   ;
leave to submit to him  a few, very few, cases for  !
his solution.    Suppose an ordinary letter to be di- ij
rected to A B, to the care of C D; or suppose a   ;
letter to be written to the president of the Bank of   i
Maryland, to  the care of E P, one of its nock-   j
holders or directors; or to the clerk and master in   |
chancery at A, to the care of the sheriff attendant   i
on the court    Now does the gentleman mean to
advance the opinion, that in  all these cases,  the   ;
persons to whose care they were directed could law-
fully break the seals, and publish their content-?
The gentleman's argament seemed to affirm  that   j
they could, and opens up to my mind new princi-
ples of law,  which have heretofore eluded my re-
search.
I put to the gentleman, in becomin? deference,
another question; wheiher, if he  be  r ght on  the
general princip'es of the science, he may not possi-
bly be mistaken in his opinions on this point, under
the special provisions of the law of New Jersey.
That law, as I have before remarke , expressly re-
quires these depositions to be addressed and for-
warded to ihe Speaker of the House of Represen-
tatives.    How comes ii, then, that any one else !
can interrupt them—stop their progress toward the \
Speaker, to whom they are required to go—break j
open the seals, make use < f their conten's, and stiil  |
invoke ihe law to sanctify and approve  the deed? |
Sir, ell this may be so, but I must be permitted to
Fay that it challenges a very high order of credu-
lity to believe it.   At all events, the rommitiee did
not understand either the general law or the statute
of New Jersey in that way.   They  found  this
package not in your hands, but in the hands of the
gentleman from Connecticut; not on your table,  I
but on iheirs; not coming direct by the public mail,
bat wandering about first in one man':  hands, and '
then in another'.*,  covered by another envelope,  ¡
which is torn away from n; and having,  in fact,  !
none of those saffguards which  the law  throws
around depositions in  analogous cases.    Under
these circumstance ',  the committee determined to
have nothing to do with the package for the pre-
sent, but to let it reach its ultimate des ination, the
Speaker's hands,  by him to   be laid before the
New Jersey Election—Mr. Brown of Ten.
House, and by the House be referred to the com-
mittee, in due and regular form. It is now before
us, and will take its place with the other deposi-
tions; will be considered when they are considered,
and be allowed its due weight in the final report.
Thus far, Mr. Speaker, most of what I have said
has been in justification of the conduct of the com-
mittee. I wish no w to s-ay something in vindication
of the action of the House in requiring this report to
be made. The very terms of the resolution referring
this case to the committee, show that it was the in-
tention of the House not to leave New Jersey long
without ber full representation on this floor. Pre-
sent occupancy of her vacant seats until the final
rights of the parties could be ascertained, was evi-
dently intended. It was expected that a report on
the present right could have been made in a few
days, or weeks, at farthest. This right depended
eilher on the commissions or the poll books,
which, it was thought by the House, could soon be
determined. The final right depended on the pur-
gation of the polls in all the townships of the State;
and it was known that it would take much time
and trouble to perform it. These were the known
views of the House. Well, sir, the case had been
before us for about two months, instead of as
many weeks Questions of great importance to
the country were daily arising, and New Jersey
stood deprived of her full number of Representa-
tives in this hall. The Governor of that State
se zed en the occasion to appeal to ihe other States
of the Union. The impression was spreading far
and wide, that too much delay was taking place in
the investigation. During all this time, not one
word was heard from the committee. True, we
were seen repairing early and retiring late from the
scene of our labors. Night after night the burning
hmps of our committee room attested our industry
and devotion to business; but still no signs or tokens
of a report being made could be discovered. Al-
most every member was asking us when? The
vacant and unoccupied seats of New Jersey, as we
passed, seemed ready to a*k us when? The coun-
try at large was loudly addressing to us the same
question. But still no solitary response could be
obtained. Even now :hat we have reported, I can
ofien detect a sort of inquisitive curiosity t,i know
what we have been about during all this time. I
Will tell you, sir. We have been mak'tig this
great book—I beg pardon for having almost said
" Botts's book "—on the commission* of ihe Go-
vernor on the records of his proceedings; in making
a computation of the vot s on the certificate of the
Secretary of State, and the written pleadings of the
party. We could and ought to have made this report
in one-fourth part of that time, which we have
wasted on technical trifles, and in a poor, misera-
ble, and (as I fear the country will say) conlempti-
ble system of special pleading.
It was after such delays as this, and in the midst
of the universal complaint of that delay which I
have mentioned, that my honorable colleague,
Mr. Cave Johnson, submitted his resolution of
instructions to report forthwith who received ihe
greatest number of votes at the election of New
Jersey, and all the evidence appertaining to that
f<tct. Sir, I shall never forget the sensat ons evi-
dently produced on a portion of the committee by
the introduction of that resolution. The pride of
the gentleman from Alabama, and of the gentle-
man from New York revolted at ihe word 'forth-
with !" They revolted at the very idea of instant
compulsion. Ths gen<leman from Connecticut
did not care so much about the word "forthwith;" but
seemed to shrink with horror from the intrusion of
the chairaran of Military JJffairs! In touching and
eloquent strains, he imploied protection from that
man of war "with gl ttering helmet, and with
nodding plume!" That whole debate went off on
a collateral andTa'se issue, and was evidently in-
tended lo direct the public mind away from the
true merits of the proposition. It was said to be
indelicate, and even insultin? to the commut; , to
call on them for a report, wh;ch the House and
the ceuntry had been expecting for many weeks,
with breathless anxiety! The House was, how-
ever, resolved to wait no longer, and after amend-
ing, adopted the resolution. This amendment con-
sisted in the insertion of the word "lawftil," before
H. of Repg.
«                            '                                                                         —
the word "votes." It was proposed by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Fillmore,] who was
in full practice on similar motions in the committee
room. There, whenever it was proposed to ascer-
tain "who received the greatest number of votes
polled at the New Jersey election," so as to be
able to report that fact to the House, the gentle-
man, or some other member of the minority, would
move to insert the word lawful, so as to throw as
off from the poll books as they stood at the close
of ihe election, into the purgation of the polls.
They stood on the commissions as the foundation
of right to a seat. We stood on the poll books
that contradicted the commissions, and clearly
showed that five other persons received the votes
of the majority. Now, sir, the fair mede of
proceeding would have been to take a vote on the
validity and sufficiency of the commissions, and
if the majority of the committee of the House was
found in favor of Messrs. Aycngg and Co. to place
them in iheir seats; and if no such majority was
found, then, to have taken a vote on the vali-
dity and sufficiency of the poll books, and to
have placed Messrs. Dickerson, Vroom, etc. in
their seats, if a majority was found in their favor,
I repeat, sir, would have been the fair, plain-
tailing mode of proceeding. But it has been de-
nied to us throughout this whole proceeding. We
have been, from time to time, forced off from an
examination and report on the poll books, showing
in fact who were elected by the people, and com-
pelled to report on presumptions, instead of facts, or
give the commissioned gentlemen another chance,
by searching over ihe State of New Jersey for ille-
gal votes. Sir, the motion made here was a part of
the same system. But the gentleman did not re-
member that the word lawful could have none of
its magic influence on this resolution, where there
were so many other expressions to command and
control it. We were ordered to report forthwith,
but not se as to stop or delay our investigations
into the ballot box. So long as these expressions
continued in the resolutions of instruction, the word
lawful conld be made to apply only to those votes
cast in the election, which the law and the rules of
evidence declare lawful, until the contrary be
shown by evidence. In his zeal and precipitancy,
and misled by the effect of the same word in dissi-
milai propositions in the committee room, the gen-
tleman from New York failed to follow up his mo-
tion to insert the word lawful, by other motions to
strike out the word forthwith, and the whole pro-
viso at the close of the resolution. This failure
was fatal to his object. It lost every advantage
which he was seeking to acquire. The genüytían
and his friends soon perceived it, when they found
the whole Democratic party of the House still
voting for the instructions, notwithstanding the in-
sertion of that word. Thereupon the whole Whig
party, with no remembered exception, voted against
it, in the face of theii own favorite word "lawful."
This, sir, is the resolution, as finally adopted:
"Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be authorized to
report to this House such papers, and each of their proceedings
as they may desire to have printed by order of the House; and
thai they be instructed also to report forthwith which fiva of the
ten individuals claiming seats from the Slate of New Jersey, re-
ceived the greatest number of lawful votes from the whole State
for Representatives in the Congress of the United (States, at the
election of 1S3S iu said State, with all the evidence of that fact in
their possession: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall be so construed as to prevent or delay the action of «aid
commiitee in taking testimony, and deciding the said case o* the
merits of the election."
The gentleman from Maryland, as well as the
minority of ihe commiitee, have complained much
of the construction which was given to this reso-
lution by the majoriy. They have industriously
sought to make the impression that it was re-
solved to put Messrs. Dickerson and Vroom and
their associates into their seats, right or wrong,
on legal or illegal votes. Sir, nothing can be fur-
ther from the truth. We have not counted one
sinsle vote for them which has not been passed
upon and decided to be legal by the constituted au-
thorities of New Jersey, the judgss and inspectors
of elections. They have solemnly adjudged every
vote to be lawful before we have allowed it The
law takes tktir judgment as binding, until the
contrary shall be shown by evidence taken in the
case. Not only did the majority decide tkmt the
wltt received should be presumed and taken **
