
Mar. 1840.__________
i&TVL CoíTG.. «l8T Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
New Jersey Ehc'ion—Mr. Brown of Ten.
H. of Reps.
lawful votes, but every member of the minority de-
cided so with us. They vored without exception
for the following resolution:
"Raolvtd, That all votes received by authorized
officers acting in conformity with the laws, are prima
facie legal."
Now sir, we have not counted one solitary vote
which was not of that description.   To escape
from this, we are told on the other side that the
word "lawful" was not u>ed by the Hou&e in
this primé fKit or presumptive sense, but referred
to the final and absolute lawfulness which might
be established by the evidence.   Sir, how can this
be so, when the House knew that the testimony had
not  yet   been   taken—when  the House knew
that the parties had just left the city for the pur-
pose of taking it—when the House knew that two
months had been allowed them for that purpose?
How then could they have meant to call for a re-
port to be made forthwith, on testimony not in ex-
istence, and which would not be in our possession
before the second Monday of April next.   They
most have meant that we should report without
delay on the lawful votes, as they stood as such
on the records of New Jersey and the testimony
before the committee—on the votes which then
stood as lawful, according to the laws of New Jer-
sey, and not on the vote* which might hereafter be
found legal when the taking of the testimony was
completed.      The   House   was  demanding   the
report only to settle the right of  present occu-
pancy, sa as to pat one party or the other in their
teats, until the final right should be determined.
They therefore called for a report on the evidence
oi it then stood, not on the evidence as it might
hereafter appear.   This is put beyond all ques-
tion by the proviso which expressly declares that
the inquiry into the merits of the election should
not be suspended or prevented.
The next day the committee met. They settled
down on the construction of the resolution for
which I have contended, and ordered the report to
bt prepared by the Tuesday following (that being
Saturday.) On Tuesday the report, as prepared
by the chairman, was adopted aud ordered to be
presented to the House. It was presented, resist-
ed, debated; but was finally confirmed, and five of
the claimants admitted to their seats by an over-
whelming majority. I again affirm that every vote
counted in making oat that report, stood, at the
time it was counted, as a good and lawful vote,
according to the rules of evidence and the laws of
the land. But it is true, that in making out the re-
port the committee did not, and couli not, know
but what some of the votes counted might hereafter
be proved to be illegal when the parties returned,
on the 2d Monday in April, from taking their testi-
mony in New Jersey. We were not gifted wuh
the spirit of prophecy so as to know how that might
be, and the Hou¿e called for present and immedi-
ate action, and did not choose to wait the develop-
ments of the future. But whatever doubt might
have existed before as to the correctness of our con-
struction of iti orders, ihey must be removed by the
subsequent action of the House. When the report
came, it was resisted on the express groun i that we
had misconstrued the resolution of instruction.
The question was debated and considered by the
House. Surely the gentlemen do not mean to de-
ny that the House understood its own orders. Well,
what was its decision? It sanctioned our construc-
tion by confirming our report. Before the House
we were charged wuh stupidity and mental delu-
sion; now nothing can save the Honse itself from the
same unmerited denunciation. What, sir, after all,
have we done? Nothing but what the Governor of
New Jersey himself declared we ought and should
do. Hear his declarations, made at the time when
he was cleaving down the rights of his own people.
"But it will be asked, with force and propriety, is
a candidate to lose his seat in Congress because a
county clerk does not make a return of the votes?
Certainly not. If, through inadvertence or by de-
sign, any votes have not been returned by the
clerk, it is m the power of the House of Represen-
tatives, in thtii discretion, to allow these votes, and
give the seat to the person who, with these votes
may be elected.  Well, what have we done? The
rotes of Millville and South Amboy had not been
returned,  or rather had not been counted.    The
committee and the House have counted them, and
have  given  the   seats    accordingly.     Precisely
what    Governor   Pennington    then    said     we
ought and would do.   Let me tell genilemen we
have not only done this,  but we have done more.
We nave done what Governor Pennington ought
then to have done, but which he did not and would
not do.    He knew that  the c'erks  of Middlesex
and Am'ioy had not sent up all ihe returns ol all
the townships of their resprecttve counties, and
yet he would not send an express after them as the
law directed.    He knew that the votes of Millville
and South Amboy had not  been included in their
computations, and if included would have changed
the result.   He knew, in other words, that Messrs
Aycrigg and Co. had not received "ihe highest
number of votes" as required by the laws of New
Jersey, yet he gave'them commissions at declaring
them "to have been   elected," contrary   to the
truth of the case and the laws of the State.    In
the commissions which he gave, he could  not and
dared not say, that those to whom  they had been
given, had received the highest number of votes. He
iherefore introduced the word "elected," not known
in the laws of New Jersey.   Who i* "elected," is
a compound, and often a difficult question to be
determined, and is left under the Constitution in
such a case as this, to be decided by the House of
Representatives ■   But "who received the highest
number of votes" in   an   election,   is a  simple
matter of arithmetical computation, and has been
entrusted to the Executive of New Jersey as  the
returning officer.   He has made a return, at open
war with the facts of the case, and has only offered
to an insulted people the poor c insolation that the
outrage he was committing was within the   cor-
recting powers of this Hou-se.    We have corrected
them     We have restored to th  peop'e  of New
Jersey the great and fundamental ri^hi of self-go-
vernment, of which their own Governor, in an evil
hour of partisan madness, had deprived them.    In
restoring to them the high guarantees of the Con-
stitution, we   have met wish   revilings   and re-
proaches at every stage of our progress.   Misre-
presentations have followed upan onr footsteps,
and we have been held up, in the view of many of
our misguided fellow-citizens, as a lawless and ty-
rannical majority, ready and willing to sacrifice
every th ng on the altar of partisan idolatry.    The
minority who have acted with us have given oc-
casion to  much of  this   newspaper   defamation.
That minority submitted a counter report, which
they have laid in the form of an appeal before the
American people.   In that report and appeal, they
have cast imputations on the majority of  the com-
mittee and the House, which it is now my put pose
to repel.
The minority have been pleased to reprrsent
that th s House has perpetrated a daring outrage
in putting five men in'o ih'ir seats "who presented
no return, no credentials, no commissions." Why,
Mr. Speaker, this is no new thins under the sun.
Look at that book on contested elections. There
you will find from fifty to one hundred cases of the
same kind. In almost every instance where the
sitting member was ousted of his seat, his compe-
titor came in "without return, credential, or com-
mission." (Remember, sir, I am not responsible
for the tautology of this sentence) How cou'd
they come in under any of these ih ng ? They
had been cheated out of them by the fraud or stu-
pidity of the Governor and Privy Council of New
Jersey. The people of that State had done all in
their power to secure tj themselves the inestimable
right of suffrage. They had gone to the election
on the day, and at the places specified by law, and
deposited their votes in the ballot boxes. This
was all they could do. At the close of that elec-
tion, whoever received the highest number of
vote, were the only true and lawful members of
Congress. It is so expressly declared by the laws
of New Jersey, and must be so from the very na-
ture and spirit of our institutions. The people
having voted and made choice of their own Repre-
sentatives, all that remained to be done was, to
commission those on whom that choice had fallen.
The records or returns, when full, clearly showed
that choice to have fallen en Messrs. Dickerson,
Vroom, and Co They carried these records, laid
them down in the presence of the Governor, and
demanded their commissions. What was his an-
swei? "Go and get them from the House of Repre-
sentatives." This House has granted them.
Your rei-olution of admission is their commission;
a prouder credential than was ever issued under
the sign manual of Governor Pennington.
But we are told that this foul deed was done to
secure a majority, to carry through certain favorite
measures of the Administration. I solemnly de-
clare, Mr. Speaker, that I never heard such an
idea advanced any where, or by any person, until I
saw it in the address of the minority. What are
these measures: the Sub-Treasury? The Treasury
Note bill? The resolutions refusing the assumption
of State debM Sir, I know not, I care not, to
what measures the minority may allude, the asser-
tion must fail fiom its own absu dity. It is incre-
dible that the Administration should be able to per-
petrate all ihe outrages charged upon it in the New
Jersey case, and that too by <;o large a majority,
and yet be unable to carry through its own favo-
rite measures of public policy. Sir, the credulity
of this country is taxed even to bankruptcy, when
called on to believe such monstrous allegauons.
I mean next to notice a very extraordinary ob-
servation to be found in the appeal of the minority.
They remark that this House, with a madness and
blindness belonging to desperation only, not only
I adopted the report, but even went one step further,
and admitted these five c'aimants to their seats.
What beautiful and respectful langunge toward
this House, (a House of which they are mem-
bers, and with which their own reputation and
character are so intimately connected) The
minority proceed with the bold assertion that
all this was done, "the House being wholly igno-
rant of what the evidence established.'' Ignorant
of what the ev.denre established ! What was that
report intended to show? Simply the fact who re-
ceived'ihe greatest number of votes at the New Jer-
sey election. The instructions of the House went
no further than that. The report, on its face, pur-
ported to go no further. Now the question i*,
whether the House icas ignorant of the evidence
bearing on that point. It stands recorded on your
j iurnat«, that it was all read, on the call of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Duncan,] plainly and
distinctly read; and il your records were silent on
it, there are now here within this Capitol more
than two hundred witnesses to attest the fact.
Sir, this charge of ignorance has not even the
merit of novelty t > recommend it to public favor.
We have long since yielded the claim of "all the
talents and all the decency" to ihjse who have so
modestly claimed it. I mean, sir, that we had
yielded to that modest assumption before the pre-
sent session of Congress. Since the occurrence of
this New Jersey ca e, however, I believe they
have, by common consent, d scontinued any fur-
ther claim to a monopoly of all the decency, at
least.
Mr. Speaker, I have been surprised at the remedy
propo-ed by the minority for all these alleged
outrages commi'ted by this Hou e in the New Jer-
sey case. Thev call on the people to "ase in their
majesty, and assert and vindicate their rights
at the ballot boxes" At the ballot boxes!
What, sir, have we been doing but that,
throughout this whole controversy? What the
people can do there, let then learn from the con-
duct of Gov. Pennington and his Privy Council
at the ballot boxes J I did not exprct that the gen-
tleman had the heart to utter such a word. What
avail the ballot boxes, in an age and country
where it is bol Hy maintained that a partisan Go-
vernor can set them ande at his pleasure, substi-
tute his own friends in their stead, and, by affixing
the br< ad seal to the nefarious deed, defend and
protect it from all correction? If these things can
be done, and then justiied here, I aaain ask, of
what avail are the ballot boxes against party misr
rule and Federal domination? The ballot boxes
may speak in the voice of thunder, and yet a Whig
Governor can speak louder than they. New Jer-
sey knows the truth of what I declare because
New Jersey has felt it. The majority of he com.
mit.ee, and of this House, have sustained, through-
