382
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th ConS"«-Ist Sess.
Pre-emption rights—Mr. Clay of Ala.
April, 1840.
out fhii controversy, the rights and liberties of the
people of that noble and gallant Sia'e; the minority
have, throughout, justified the usurpations of us
Governor and Privy Council. We have succeed-
ed in putting into their seats those who have been
in truth and in fact chosen by the people. They
have been prevented from introducing, as mem-
bers, on this floor, those who were rejected
by the people, and whose only recommendation
was, "that they had fouid favor in the eyes"
of Governor Pennington. Baffled in the committee
room, defeated :n their views on ttrs floor, the mi-
nority have appealed to the American people.
They appeal as an oppressed and much injured
minority, whose counter report has been rejected
and suppressed by those who should have acted on
it. This faint and sickiy cry of persecution and
oppression is to be another one of tho^e false is-ues
which have been raised, in order to divert the pub-
lic mind from the real merits of this controversy.
Tne minority have not made a fair statement on the
«abject. They have neither stated all the facts, nor
stated them in their proper order and connection.
How were the facts in the commntee-room? The
minority asked that the presentation of our report
should be suspended un'il theirs should be prepar-
ed, and both be submitted together. Two periods
Were mentioned by them. The vote was taken on
the longest time time first. The majority did
vo'e against the longest, iutending to vote for the
shortest time. But, sir, to our surprise, the propo-
sition as to the shortest time was withdrawn by one
of the minority, and now the complain' i^, that we
would give no right at all. Gentlemen seem to
have gone on the idea that everything must be
done in their own way, or n'.t done at all. This
was strikingly illustrated on thisfljoron theptesen-
tation of their report. When they came in with it,
the House was actually engaged in discussing and
considering the report of the majority. Now, what
was the very reasonable and modest request of these
gentlemen? It was that the Horre should lay down
the business then on had—put aside the further
consideration of the report of the majority, and
take up that of th  minority. The question was
asked of th* Speaker, whether, if this was done,
the report of the minority, in the event of a de-
bate on it, would not take precedence of all de-
bate and action on that of the the majority. The
Spea-Reb. decided ih.it it would. Thereupon
the House determined to proceed io regular order;
to debate and decide on the report rhst presented,
and when that was done to take up that of the mi-
nority. Str, was there any oppress on in all this?
What right had these g'mlcmen toe me bustlirg
into the House, and to demaod that every thing
should stand aside for them, and that their report
should have a preference over that of the majority?
At the first moment after the report of the majo-
rity was dispo-ed of, the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. DroMgooix,] rose in his place, and expresad
a hope that the House would now, by universal
consent, agree to receive the report of the minority,
and that both reports an^l testimony be prin-ed. Sir,
from what quarter did opposition come, to this pro-
posa'? Not from us, but from two of their own
friends. One of them expressly declared, that he
d d not want it received; " that he wanted it to go
forth to the world as a tupprtssed report " The mi-
nority seized on the suggestion, ceased to ask for
iw teception, and have sent it toith in blaziag ca-
pital* as « suppress */ repoTf.
Mr. Speaker: in the appeal to the Americin peo-
ple, which the minority have been pleased to take,
we most heartily uni'e. We are perfect'y willing
to meet them at the bar of an enlightened and im-
partial public op.nion. Eut we want that appeal
to be fairly presented, with no errors of fac to mis-
lead, and n  false clamor of injustice and oppres-
sion to excite public sympathy. We mean to stand
at that bar as the advocates for the supremacy of
th? popular will; they must be there as the defen 1-
ers of the conduct of these who have violated and
outraged that supremacy. We will be thare, rely-
ing on the broad merits, on the truth and ju-nic of
oar canse, they standing on nothing but technical
presumptions, at open war wih the facts, and on
the supposed magic of the broad seal, des*crated as
¿t was in this bold attempt to destroy the rights ani
liberties of the people of New Jersey. The mino-
rity, in sending forth their appeal, invoke a deci-
sion in their tavor, in order to save this Govern-
ment from becoming "worse than a Turkish despo-
tism !" We assert that the danger lies altogether in
a different direction. We maintain that whenever
the time shall arrive when returning officers begin
to substitute their wills for that of the people—
when your State Governors assume to make Re-
presentatives in Congress, in face of the very re-
cords of our elections, then indeed "a worse than
Turkish despotism" will have fallen on this coun-
try.
been read a third
After some remarks from Mr. Cr.
lucky,
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said it was jwitn ex-
treme regret that he had heard the remarks which
had just fallen from the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Clat.] He was at a los? whether to ascribe
the Senator's c-mrse of argument to his inattention
to the subject, or to his deep-rooted prejudices
against the set lers upon the public lands; but he
could not avoid thinking ihat his perseA'ering hosti-
lity to this, and all kindred measures, must be ow-
ing to one of those causes or ihe other. Why, sir,
said Mr. C. it is perfectly demonstrable that the
Senator from Kentucky is entirely mistaken in re-
gard to almost every material fact he has s'ated.
He said the Senator had commenced his remarks
by alluding to the small excess, above th" nvnimw*
rrice, which the Government had received for ma-
ny years past; and he ascribed it altogether to min-
gling the results of all the different med^s of sale-
at auction, by private entry, (as it was usually call,
ed,) and und«r the pre-emption laws. As if confi-
dent of triumph, the Senator exclaims—"let us
have the average of auction sales." Well, sir, he
.«■lull have them—at le-ist so far as the sales at auc-
tion, since the enactment of the existing pre-emp-
tion law.
Mr. C. said he had given them the other day,
when the bill was before under th? conspiration of
the Senate; the Senator from Kentucky wa^ then
present, and if he had ihen been fortunate enough
to engage his attention, the question need not now
have been asked
Mr. C said, having on former occasions heird
the same complaint, Irom the same quarter, and
having been always disposed to treat the subject
with candor and fairness; conscious that such a
course ought t > ensure success in this body; he had
called on the CoHanuFsioner of the General Land
Office for precisely the statement desired, and had
obtained it. He had exhibited it in the course of
the debate, on Thursdav last, and invited the at-
tmtion of every Senator to its examination: but
for the Miisfaction of the Senator from Kentucky,
he would repeat the substance of what he then
said. This statement (Mr. C. said) cimp'ised the
sa'es of every kind, separately and distinctly,
which had taken place since the 221 of June,
18J8, up to the latest return-, which had been re-
ceived at the General Linl Office on the 16th of
January last. It -howed that the«e had foeen sold
at auction 1,875,854 acres, for $2 427,014 10, at
the average ra'e of JI 23.38 p*r acre. Ths
was entirely exclusive of ordinary sales, by private
entry, and of sales under the pre eruption law.
Now, sir, (Sdil Mr. C ) the demand of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky is met; and he finds that the
excess, above the minimum price, is but four rents,
and a sma'l fraction; and this is the important gain
of his auction system, setting at naught all favor
and indulgence toward those who open the way
for such sales.
Mr C. said another column of the same sta'e-
ment exhibited the amount cf sales to pre-emp-
tors, being only 752,973 acres. Eve'y gentle-
man can ascertain the mighty loss to the Trea-
sury by supposing that those lands, too, might
have been, sold as high as ths general aveiage
SPEECH OF MR. CLAY,
OF ALABAMA,              \
In Señale, Tuesday, April 21, lSIC^-The bill,
supplemental to the "act to grant pfe-empiiqn
rights to settlers on the public lands," having
hopn    rn«r4    ft    11% > nrt     tí IY1A
""     "           ften-
/
of the sales at auction; that, however, he thought
was not a very reasonable presumption. He slid
he had shown the other day that, if the number
of persons averaged one to every half quarter or
eighty acre tract—and there were, no donbt, more
than that many, as, under the provisions of the ex
isting law, every quarter section was to be divided'
equally amongst all the settlers upon it, they would
amount to about ten thousand, who had enjo ed
the advantage of its protection. And he wookfre.
peat the question, whether an American statesman
would, for the inconsiderable gain to the Treasti.
ry, nave subjected ten thousand families to the
hazards, and frauds, and oppressions of a sale
af auction, perhaps to be broken up snd again
'driven into the wilderness, or become miserable
and dependent tenants of rich and haughty land-
lord-?
Mr. C. said he had referred the other day to the
report of the Commis inner of the General Land
Office, made in January, 1838, to prove that in
1828 and 1829—the two years immediately pre-
cedng the first general pn-emption law—the ave-
rage pnce ef all the public land sold, in each, was
but $1 26 per acre. Such was the result of the
system before any preference was given to occu-
pants, unless perhaps to a small number of indi-
viduals, ho'ding under imperfect claims, derived
from Prance and Spain. Tne same document
showed the quantity of land sold in 1823 to have
been 965,600 36-100 acres, which, at $1 25 per
acre, would have amounted to $1,207,000, and the
sum actually received only exceeded it $14,357.
In 1829, ihe excess received was much smaller, in
proportion to the quantity sold. The number of
acres sold in that year was 1 244,860 1-100,which,
at $1 25 per acre, would have amounted to
$1,556,075, and the sum actually received only
exceeded n $16,788. And, in the two years, the
quantity of Un 1 s >ld was 2,210,460 acres, and the
excess above the minimum, on the whole quantity,
amounted to but $31,145. Howpaltry and incon-
siderable a sum, to jeopard the security and happi-
ne>s of probably thirty thousand families' He
said he would only add, on this point, that in the
next year (1830) with the first general pre-empiion
law in force after the 29th of May, the average
price continued precisely the same as in the two
preceding jears, although the sales amounted to
nearly two millions of acres. • This must be con-
sidered proof conclusive that Government lost
nothing worth taking into the account, by allowing
pre-empfons, were he to admit (which he "was by
no means piepared to do) that money was to be
justly appreciated above the happines , comfort,
and prosperity of freemen. Besides all this, there
8hoold be deducted the additional expense of sales
at auction, f 5 per day each, to ihe Register and
Receiver of the district land office, during their
continuance, (usually about two week ,) an arc-
tioneer at $8 or $10 per day, and extra clerk hire.
Make all these deductions, and where ts the pecu-
niary giin of this rich and powerful Government,
by all the r gor of the auction system?
But, said Mr. C. the Senator from Kentucky
make* another very great and most extraordinary
mistake, in sa) in  that, in every cave undjr uV
preemption law, the sett!er gets a credit of two
years. The Senator certainly could not hav di-
rected hi  attention to the terms of the law, or he
wou'd not have taken a position so broad and inde-
fens ble. He said it was only necessary to call
the attention *f the Senate, for a nv mept, to the
provisions of th? act of June, 1838, and that <i
May, 1830, to show how utterly erroneous were
the views of the Senator. The former revived the
lat'er, and continued it in force for two year*.
Hence the act of May 29, 1830, with all its Il-
lations and conditions, (besides those superadded
by the act of 1838,) was in full force now, and in-
tended to be continued in full operation by the
bill under consideration Mr. C invited the at-
tention of the Senator from Kentucky, and that
of other gentlemen, to the following section of that
ac , which he read:                                                 .
"Sbc 4 And be il further enacfrd. Tint th'«*e««¡S
not delay th* sate of any of the public landt of the uw«
Sta'ta, beyond Ihe time which has been, or may be, «PP0*"1""
for that purpose by the President's proclamation; nor snaliaw
of the provisions of this act te available to any peiw. "JPJL
sons, who shall tail to malte the proof and payment req«tr*« t
