April, 1840.
26th Cono.......IstSbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
593
Pre-emption to settlers—Mr. Clay of Ala.
Senate.
tora ihe day appointed fur the commencement of the fat
Und. lucludm* ihe trace or traces on   which the nunt of
the rales of
pre-
ñar have been appropriated forany purpose whatsoever
Here, said M . C. (alier reading the sec-ton,)
it is rendered indisputable by the express language
of the law, that it 'Shall not delay ihe sale ot any
of the public lands" beyond the time appointed for
that purpose by the Pie-ident's proclamation; and
it fanher expressly appears, that unless ihe settler
"make the proof and payment required, before the
day appointed for the commencement of the sale*
of lands, including the tract or tracts, on which
the right of pre emption is claimed,'' the provisions
of the aclare wholly unavailable, and lost forever
to the occupant.
[Mr. Clay of Kentucky here rose, and asked
Mr. Cut of Alabama whether there was not de-
lay of the sales of land subject to private entry.]
Mr. CLAY ef Alabama replied that it was true,
by the construction placed on the act of 1830, those
who were settlers on lands that had been offeied
for sale at auction, and remained unsold, were al-
lowed the who'e term limited by the law, to make
proof and payment. But he remarked that ihe
number of settlers on these inferior, refuse lands,
was comparaiively small. Thsre was none of that
"rush of settlers" on -tbem, which had been so often
deprecated and denounced here, as regarded the
fresh and rich lands; none settled on those poor
lands but those who were unable to purchase a bet-
ter quality. To prove that the operation of the
pre-emption law, under this construction,didnot re-
tard the sale of thai portion of the public domain
which was subject to private entry, Mr. C referred
to the same statement of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, madj in January last, from
wbjch it would appear ihit near four millions and a
hifof acres had been sold at ordman private en-
try, when less than (too millions had been sol I at
auction, and only about three fourths of a million
under ih« pre-empiion law. He said he regarded
this indulgence to occupanis of the poor, refuse
lands, as no great favor; and it resulted in no 1< ss
whatever to ihe Government. So far es rejarded
the assertion ot two years' credit being given by the
law to settlers on the fresh lands that had never
been offered or refused at public sale, Mr. C. re-
peated that it was clearly lounded in mistake.
There could not be an hour's credit or delay of
sale, more than if there was no pre-emp'ion law in
force. That chss of lands could only be sold after
notice of nut less ihan three, nor mors than six
months, by proclamation of the President; and the
shortest peri jd could be as well fixed now, when
the pre-emption law was in lorce, as when tuere
was none.
Mr. C. remarked that the Senator from Ken-
tncry had renewed another  objection, so often
made by him heretofore, that the passage of the
bill would be extending favor and pnvi'ege to tres-
passers and violator-! of the- law, to clashes who
were by no means the most meritorious.    Mr. C.
said he was sorry to hear  these   rharges repeated
against the settlers of the new S'ates, although in
a tone and temper somewhat mi'igated, compared
with former 03ca«i >ns.   Knowing  ihem to be ge-
nerally honest, industrious, and   respectable,   he
never cou'd hear such imputations made aga'nst
them, as a class, and remain silent.   Sir, said Mr.
C. 1 appeal with confidencj to you, (addressing the
President of the Senate,) and to every Senator who
has travelled through the new Stale*, or h*s had
the means of knowing ihe character of this pon ion
ef their population, to say whether they are not as
intelligent, as meritorious, and respectable,as those
engaged in similar pursuits in any of the  older
Stales of the Union.   They are engiged in ad-
vancing the improvement of the country, and the
cultivation of the s i1; no employment was more
favorable to pnnapKs of virtue ani   honor; and,
in moral worth, th<"v would compare advantageous-
ly with any «.tier cías*.    He denied that they were
violators of the la*, or trespassers, in any ignomi-
nious sense of tho^e terms.    He stiil th y did not
go upon the public   Ian Is  to  tnja'e, bat   to im-
prove them; nor did they go there to ta'ie the pub-
lic property without a  fair  equivale.it.     They
neiíher i'tiendíd to take them by force nor a k
them by way of dunaii-n—the only lavor they
asked of the Government of their county was, that
they might be permutad to retain ihe places of iheir
selection in the wilderness, which they had im-
proved by much labor, under the endurance of
great privations, by paying the same price which
would be received from others, who had done no-
thin  to advance the progress of civilization. So
far from being regarded as violators of the law, in
the ordinary acceptation, they deserved to be con-
sidered meritorious cmztns. They were generally
men oí small property: finding themselves situated
upon exhausted land in the o'd Siates, and perhaps
not the owner* of that, but the humb'e tenant* of
others—with families growing up around them,
whose wants were daily increasing—they went out
upon the fresh and fertile lands of the West, for
the highly praiseworthy purpose of improving their
condition. By this laudable enterprise, persevering
industry, and prudent economy, many of them ac-
quired a competency for the support of their fami-
lies, and the education of their children—render-
ing them useful and independent citizens, instead
of day laborers, hirelings, and humble dependants.
Wh t couise more meritorious could the father of
a family pursue? Instead of reproach, such con-
duct merited the highest praise; and it was only to
be regretted that greater numbeis of the poor and
humble tenantiy of the old Stales did not pjrsue
the same course.
But, sir, said Mr. C. the Senator from Kentucky
takes further exception to the bill, on the ground
that ii is too universal and indiscriminate in its
privileges. He comp'ains that, under the phrase-
ology, "every, settler on the public lands," even
"foreigners and free negro-s," may become pre-emp-
tors. Wow, sir, said Mr. C. ihe langupge of the
present bill is not more latitudmous than that of
any of the other laws heie'ofore passed upon 'he
same subject. He said that of the first pre-emp-
tion law, passed in 1830, was fully as bro d a;
any expressions to be found in this. It declared
"that every settler or occupant of ihe public lands,
, prior to ihe passage of this act, dbc." should have
  the right of pre emption. There was no clause to
be found in it which denied its advantages to any
class or description of individuals who occupied
and cultivated pub'ie land at the limes specified.
The act of June 19 h, 1834, pursued precisely the
same phraseology; and yet he had heard no com-
plaint of abuses growing out of the latitude of de-
¡sciipuon in either.
As it regarded foreignfrs no' naturalized, the
question had been distinctly made by a proposition
to exclude them, when the bill which passed in
June, 1833, was before the Senate, and it was re-
jected by a decided major ty. Tne Senator from
Kentucky, and some oi his friends, then supported
the proposition; bu', after full and deliberate con-
stdeiauon, the majori'y against it was so large,
that Mr. C. thougnt the question ought to be con-
sidered definitely se t!ei. For one, he had been
opposed to it then, and was still While the spirit
of our free ins itutions inviied the inhabitant of
all other countries to come amongst us, and we
proudly boasted that tur country was the asylum
of the oppressed, whence wever they came, he would
not only ex'end lo them ihe security of lie and
liberty, which was guatantied by our Constitution,
but enable ihem to acquire property, and enjoy all
its comforts. Should we deserve the proud name,
wh ch had been accorded to us by the friends of
freedom all over the world, if we denied to the
unfortunate foreigner, driven from his native land
by the iron hand of despotism, even ihe humb'e
privilege of purchasing a home with the fmi * of
his industry, labor, and economy? Mr. C. pro-
tested against it in the name of humanity, and for
the honor of his country. Let us not mock the
unhappy vistim of tyranny, by inviting him ir.to
our country, as the abode of liberty and equal
laws, and then deny him a privilege common to all
freemen—d«nied only to slaves.
Sir, said Mr. C this objection comes with a singu-
larly badjgrace from the Senator fromlKentucky. A
few years ago the Senate passed a bill making a
pure, unqualified donation to two hundred and
thirty-five Poles, of thiny-six sections of land, to be
Selected from any ihrre adjacent lown h'ps of tie
publ c Ian Is, wmch had been, or might thertaittr be,
surveyed, situated wnhiti the limits of the Slate of
Illinois, or the th n Territ >ry of Michigan.
[Vlr Yodno of Illinois in exposed, ?nd remarked
that the Senator from Alabama was mistaken; that
th? law required the Poles to pay the minimum
price per acre ]
Mr. Clay of Alabama replied, that he was per-
fectly aware that the bt'l finally passed in that
shape; bu', he could inform his friend from Illinois
that was a together owing to an amendment which '
was made in the Hons-: the bill did pass the Senate
in the shape he had stated. Ii I am not very much
mistaken, the Sena.or from Kentucky, [Mr. Clav,]
who now objects to suffering foreigners to enjoy the
privilege of pre-emption—that is, even to buy and
pay for the lands they have settled and improved—
vot^d for ihat bill.    I ask, did he not vote for i'?
[ VTr. Cuy of Kentucky here nod led assent]
Yes, said Mr. C he admits that fact—he did
vo e for it, as did many <.f his fuends—notwi h-
standing he now on>id*rs it an insurmountable ob-
jection, that foreigners are p-rminpd to buy under
the present bill.
Mr. C. remarked, that at the time the bill, to
which he alluded, passed, he ha! the honor to be a
member of the other Housp, and also a member of
the Committee on Public Lands, to which it was
referred. He --aid he well recollected ihe feelings,
of indignation it excited in his bosom, when he
saw thiity-six sections of the most choice porlion
of the public domain about to be voted away as a
pure sift to a parcel of loreigners, and amounting
to near an hundred acres each, when so many sol-
diers of ihe Revolution, who had fought the battles
whi h won our independence, were tottering on
the brink of the grave, destitute of land, and with-
out a comfortable home. Yes, s r, said Mr. C. I
lemember well the history of that bill. My feel-
ings rf volted at ihe injustice of making such a d«-
nation lo foreigners, when, at the same session, and
only a few days before, those who were Iriendly to
the settlers had a hard struggle—every inch of
ground being contested—to obtain the pas<ageof a
law to allow many of those Rev§lutionary -u'riols,
and their descendants, to keep the small tracts of
land ihey had imprjvel, by paying $1 25 per acre
Mr. C. remarked, that he was the mover of
th-; amendment in the committee of the House
of Representat ves, which reqm eí the Poles to
pay the mnimurn price, besilts inhabiting and
cultivating tne land; for, while be was willing that
foreigners should become proprietors of land, in
his opinion juiticedemanded that tbey -hould pay for
it,as well as American citizens. Hesaid.whenthebill
was returned to the S-nate, with this amendment, it
was d sigreed to; and he had, amongst otheis, ex-
ert-d himself successfully, but with some difficul-
ty, in prevail  g on a majority of the House to
iisist on its pmendment. Ht re, then, (said Mr.
C.) is a specimen of the Senator's consistency—at
ote time voting lo giveaway twenty-ihree thousand
a^res of the public land to foreigners—at an ther,
even object ng to let them become purchssers at the
sam* price paid by other.-!!
The Senator from Kentucky objects, too, («aid
Mr. C.) that the language of the bill is so broad
that even " free negroes " may avail themselves
of its provisions. Hr said this objeción was
on'irely new; it was now nearly ten years since ihe
pre-emption system commence), under terms as
lati'u linous as the English language could suoply;
nothing less than 't iat every settler, or occupant, of
the public lands" shoul I enjoy its benefits; and
yet he had never before heard a complaint that
a "free n^gro" had entered a single quarter sec-
t'on. There might be instances (Mr. C. admi ted)
in which that class of people had got the benefit
of the laws heretofore pa«sed; but, if there were,
they must be very few, and had not yet amounted
to a sufficient etil to attract a'lention. No, sir,
(said Mr. C.) you do not find that d-scription of
individuals going into and encountering the hard-
ships of the rough, untamed forest. They are
proverbially predisposed to indolence and ease;
and, instead of fin^n  them eag eed in the labo-
rious toils of bu-baudry, you will generally find
them in our cities, towns, and villages, pursuing
