April, 1840.____________
26th Cong'«"1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SS5
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Brown of Miss.
H of Reps.
ask  ju-tice at your hand* on this occasion, under
« law of the land? One of the-e officers is the Hero
of Sandusky; the hero of a battle—limited as wrre
tie iiumters on one side ensued in it—which shed
m >re glory on ihe coumry thtn any oiher military
Yicory achieved in ihe late war, except <h« of
New Orleans. Th- other officer ga'hn ly distin-
guished himself at Qusenstown, and in other bat-
tles, in the same war. Was ihat «fficer, who,
when left with a Handful of men by his command-
ing Gen'ra", [HanrsoiJ to defend Fort S'e-
phensou, had sj nob y sustained himself against
an attack Horn thousands of Bri ih and
•arage enemies—was he to be sel-cted as
a fit obj-ct of exclusion from the benefits of
a law which had been extended to officers
not more worthy, and cei'amly not so distin-
guished? He trusied not. Wn?t he desi el was,
that the-emees of these brave offio-is ¡should not
be made the ground of sich exclusion.
SPEECH OF MR. BROWN,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
h Ai Mírate of Rtprtuntn'ivts, April 17,  1840—
h Committee ot the Whjle, on tne gene al ap-
propihiion bill.
The House having resMved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the s'ate of th* Union, on  the
bill to provide for the civil and diplomatic rxpendi-
tuna ot the Government f >r the year 1840, and
the general policy ot the Administration, being un-
der diisn-stcn,
Mr. BROWN spoke sabstan'ially a  follow :  ,
Mr. Cb*ikmax: Sine* the c >mmeoctment of tire
present wsion of Conzress, it has been my custom
rather to listen to the views of other gentlemen
than to present any of my own.     p have hitherto
been a si ent member, not from any indifference on
my part a< to what was pacing, or any upw liiog-
oesa to gve expression to my opinion, brjt from an
almost insuperable aversion to engaging/in a gene-
ral scramble for place on this floor, Add now that
I have arisen to address the commute/ it would be
a fraud upon its members if I did wt frankly ad-
mit that it is not so much my purpose to discuss
the bill under consideration, as to take part in a
desultory debate which has been going on for the
last ten or fifteen days.     If. in the course of re-
mark in which I design indulging, it shall become
necessary for me to allude to the public or private
character of any distinguished citizen of this coun-
try, I shall do it in that spirit of courtesy which be-
comes one gentleman speaking of another, and with
all due regard to the station which it is my good
form tie to occupy.   I shall not indulge myself in
a tram of renark better suited to the me Hum of a
grog shop than to the hall of legislation.    The ex-
ample has been set me by one g-mleman [Mr.
Ogle] of speaking of a prominent member of the
other branch of ihe Le¿i lature as "a common
liar;*' and by anothe", [Mr. Stakly,] of declaring
that a itistnguished Senator is a fiend incarnate,
fit only to be associated w th the howling spirits of
the v<sty deep.     I cannot consent, sir, to follow
such an example, however d s ingui->hed the source
from wh ch it romes.     I leave the c assical and
beautiful phrases of liar and fiend to tha exclusive
use of the more refined and elegant geutemen
who belong to the party that claims for itself all
the wealth, all the talents, and all the decency, of
the country.   Plain, unpretending Loco Foco as I
am, rude and uncouth, I will not attempt to soar
with these gentlemen into the regions of space, but
shall content myself with appearing what I really
am—respectful and courteous to every man, and
demanding from every man that respect and cour-
tesy which I extend to others.     1 assure you, Mr.
Chairman, I have not the slightest inclination to
distinguish myself by the use of expres*ions better
suited to the mouth of a street bully than to the
lips of a member of Congress; and I leave honora-
ble eemlemen to the sole occupancy of this new
field into which they have gone, free to reap and
eny y all the laurel  that may be gathered there,
undisturbed by any act or expression of mine.  My
objsct is to discuss principles, not characters.     I
am now about to enter the grand political arena,
which has stretched its g gantic dimensions before
me; but before I do so, I may as well take a very
25
cursoty vi*w of the hill nominally uniier discus-
sion; ant, in doing this I hive an e-pecial favor
to a k of the senior ni-mb rs of this House. It is
thb: po'nt out 10 me such items in this bill as are
objectimahle; tell me in what the objection c>n-
s hiü; > tigtit the wh >le item to be stricken oi t, or
only a part? and, if only a part, how much? I
ask this, and I do it in all sincerity. It is necessa-
ry for me to have some further intelligence on the
suhj-ct, to enab e me to act advisedly. One of the
p'e *g*s wh ch I gave mv con-tt uents, and which
I am íes >lv i to carry ou', was to ai I in reform
ing the abuses ot this Gjveramen'. if, indtel, any
exited, and t" retuc  its expenditures, if they
could be reduced, cons s'ent with the public faith
and tke substantial interest of the country. I am
here, úr, for that purpose; and now is the appto-
priate timetocommenc; trie great work of reform.
( am not sufficiently lamihar with Government to
know which of the expenditures propo e I may be
di«pen ed with, or whether, indeed, the who e of
them are not absolutely necessary. It is,
there'o e, no idle interrogatory, but one pro-
pound-d with feelii gs of d<*ep sinreritv,
and to which an answer is most earnestly soli i ted.
Which of ihe proposed item<of expenditure in
this bill may be siricken out? We are told that
the bill propases an expenditure o nine millions
ot dollar*; and that nine millions is an enormous
sum to expend in the civil anl diplomatic depart-
ments of a Democratic administration. True, sir,
nine millions of dollars is a larg , if you plea e,
an enormous sum, but twice nine millions would
be a sum much more enormous; and yet who will
say thai if the honor, or the substantial inter-stof
the na ion required the expenditure, that the ap-
propriation ought not to be ma^, and made
promptly? The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Oglí] objects to that item in the bill which
proposes the appropriation of fiitten hundred dol-
lars to the clerk emoloved by the Go -eminent to
sign land patents; and if I understood the gentle-
man aright,  was n< t thai the service was unequal to
the money, or ihat the office < ught to be abolished,
but that the offi-er was politically opposed to the
gentleman; and for this very substantial reason,
he would refuse to compensate htm for his labor
Str, the service, or a great portion of it, has already
been performed—p -rfarmed under a positive con-
tract, a solemn law of Congress. This is not
denied, nor is it objec'el that the servi-e has not
been taithful'y anl effici ntlv performed; but ihe
person performing it is objectionable to the gen-
tleman, and th s furnishes ample reason, in his
judgment, for violating the plighted faith of the na-
tion, and disregarding the posi'ive right of an of-
ficer of Government. If tne office has become a
sineeure, and th re is now no lonser any necessity
for it let u>, like riien guidel by reason, and not
like chrldren controlled by tl e caprices and preju-
dices of the moment goto work, pay for the ser-
vice a'ready performed, and then repeal the law
creating the office, and thus get clear of the officer.
But do not disgrace yourselves and ihe nation
by taking the service of a cit'Zen, and then refus-
ing to pav for it, even though that citizen be the
son of a Democratic President; and let it be conti-
nually borne in mind that the present Administra-
tion is nowise responsible for the passage of the
law creating this office. It was passed under the
late Administration, and at a time when at least
one house of Congress (he Senate) was opposed to
that Administration, and for the reason, I suppose,
that there was then thought to be a necessity for it.
If that necessity has ceased,' let* the law cease with
it. Allí now say is, that we cannet, and if we
could, we ought not, in this informal manner, to get
clear of this responsibility of Government. I think
(and the gentleman, on reflection, I fancy, will
concur with rae) that he would much better have
expended the time and treasure of the country in
proving the law to be no longer necessary, than in
abusing the President and his son for offences of
which ihcy are even more innocent than himself,
and the party with which he is associated.
Again: the gentleman would have us abolish the
office of Minister to Russia, Spain,, and Mexico,
not by a repeal of the law creating them, but by
refusing to vote the necessary compensation to the
respective incumbents T.us, to my palate, Mr.
Cnaiintan, smacks a little tio strong ot agramn-
ism. Tnis is levelling as with the scythe of rum,
and wih no ngard io law, order, or ihe od nary
rules of common honesty. This is th-woist^pe-
(i s of Lot o Foco agrananism H s the-gentle-
man propei ly cons dercd thi  suhjec ? I-i h«- quite
certain that the hon >r and dgniy, and even ue
p -cuniiry inter, st of the nation, w< u d not -uffer
by such an act? If it w< ul 1 not, ih-n.sr, if the
contenían will place hi, proro>ri m b-lor* the
House in proper f .rm, I will v0 c for it; hut I c a-
not consent, Loro FllCn as I a<n—and ih reio e
prepared, no doubt, in the judgment or the >-eiy
e''quent gmtleinan fren Pv.nn*yivan a, [Vlr.
Oole J for the peifoirmnce of any aer, be it never
so monstrous—t  put my country in a Ight so
di-reputable before the w rd, as to ie use
to compensate our resident mini-ters abroad
fo' services already perfumed, and thus w th-
out inquiiy and without rea-on to rednc; t iem
from the dignity and pay of Mini ten Pltnipot^n-
tiiry to a m-re Chirte d'affaires. Bu>, sir, ihe
gentleman, I am "-ure, di i n>tmake ti* pro,isi-
ti >n seriously. He would no' vo e f >r it h m^fti';
he only wanted s >mednng to abu<etie A<frn nitra-
tion abou'; sum*'h'tig out of wh ch to m ike c  1 -
tical capita ;and, in the absence of all o htr thing*,
he had brought forward this proposition, not wi-h-
ing cr exp 'cting it to pass. The eentieman com-
p ains ot ihe vast expenditures of G ivrrament, nod
when a k*d where n they have increased so eno-
mous y, he points us to me Post Office Depart ntnt;
but he does not info m us of ihe re isons which pro-
duced this stats of afta r«. Nothing i« said about
the vast increase of m*d faciltie>io ail parts of
the coontry—nothing ab >ut the mail being trans-
ported over m tlions of squire mües, whic t b >t a
lew year* since was a savage waste—n'thing
about the mail being carried to the <oor of almos
every hamlet in the We«t and Southwest, which,
und r the ad ninistra ion ot the younger Adams,
to which thehonorible gentleman has vo orien and
so felicitous'y alluded, were total strangers to the
post bov, and all the comforts and pleasures wheh
he bears with him. The mhii transpor aion has
b en grea lyex'ended within t'ielasi eight ^ear^; but
this is not the only, nor indeed t ie greatest tea on
which has produced the increase in thegros. ex-
penditures of th s Department. It will be found
in the cause which has produced a muln'udeot po-
litical evils. It wtil be found issuing from trtat
grand Pandora box, out of which has come all our
political evils—ihe existence of banks the redun-
dancy of papermoney,aspecie< of devoure g rtptile,
which, like the locusts of Ejypf, has overrun and
'aid waste the entire country Whilst the receipts
of ihe Department have been regulated by a fixed
specie standard, the expenditures have b-en placed
under the cap ious and ever-varyina dominion of
an ephemeral paper currency—a currency which,
though now exploded and exploding, has
for the last five years placed a fictitious, nomi-
nal value on every particle of property and
evtry species of labor. Thns, whilst the Post Of-
fice Department has been denied the r.ght to in-
crease its rec npts by an increase in the rates of
postage, a sta e of things i-i produced by wh ch it is
compelled to pay one thousand dollars lor a service
which, ten years ago, could have been performed
for one-half the amount. A cintracor who, in
1839, wooli have carried the mail from Washing-
ton to Frederick for two ihousand dollars, would,
in 1840, demand twice that amount, because his
coaches and horses cost him double, and he must
necessarily pay twice the usual wages to bis dri-
vers. This grows out of an increase in the amount
of paper money; which, however, does not add to
the current receipts of the Department. Under all
these embarrassing circumstances, it is not won-
derful that the expenditures are increased; the won-
der rather is that the Department should have been
enabled to sustain itself at all. And that which is
true in regard to ihe Post Office is more or le-s so
in reference to all the D pwtments of Govern-
ment. I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that I shad
.be met at this point with the stereotyped declara-
tion that the Government is responsible to the peo-
ple for this inordinate issue of paper money—that
