S86
APPENDIX fO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong.... 1st Sess
¿ppropr'ation Bill—Mr. Brown of Miss.
A pt-^1840.
H- of Reps.
it was the legitímate const quenee of removing the
deposites, and  vetoing  the  Bank of the United
States.   Upon  these  points, I  shall, at a proper
time, take jpsue with gentlemen, and endeavor to
demonstra* the error into which they have fallen:
at preseut, it would perhaps be wandering a little
too far from the record, to go off upon these colla-
xsral, and to this bill immaterial, issues.   Though
I will not now undertake to show what has not
produced the present and pre-existing state of af-
fairs, yet may I not expect the pardon of the com-
mittee, if I digress for a moment, for the purpose
of showing what has, in my judgment, been the
real and main cause of their production?   Coming
from a State upon which the evils of the day have
fallen with more severity than upon any other por-
tion  of the  Union, or  of the world, and having
been no idle observer of the grand panorama which
has been exhibiud in that country, I fancy that I
can speak with some degree of assurance as to the
causes which produced  its fall,  and point with
some certainty to the pencil with which the aw-
ful   picture   was   first   marked   out.     I   come
from a section of the Union  the  most depressed
and deplorable in all its monetary relations of any
part  of this vast and  deeply  afflicted  Republic,
affording a theme fruitfal to the pol:tical economist,
and presenting a melancholy example of the folly
too often practisrd of abstracting capital from its
active pursuits, and investing it in unproduciive
property.    Mississippi can produce mere; real ex-
ports than the same amount of population in any
part of the habitable globe; and jet, wiih all her
energies, we find her, in a time of profound tran-
quillity, with ihe ports of the whole world thrown
open to her great staples, pro-trate, writhing under
a load of oppression, to the sustaining of which,
with all her energies, sheisfoundinadiquate. How
and why is this?   Let us not be told that it grows
ont of any action of the  Federal Government on
the  subjects of  banks   and   currency.     It   will
find its origin in another quarter: in a  too hasty,
and, I fear, an improper disposition  of the  public
lands.   From the year 1833  to 1836, the Indian
title to vast quantities of the  most productive ter-
ritory was extinguished, and it became the policy
of the then Administration—a policy almost uni-
versally  approved by all parties—to hurry  those
lands as rapidly as possible into market.   Most of
them were situate in a frontier,  or, at  mcst, in a
sparsely populated  country.    The wants of the
settler, the sturdy pioneer of the South and South-
west, whose little settlements here and there dotted
Ihe face of the wilderness, were soon supplied, and
vast territories of the most productive soil in North
America, that having been offered for sale and re-
fused, now remained to be entered at the miirmum
of $1 25 per acre.    This opened a field for specu-
lation too inviting long to remain unobserved, and
the gloating eyes of avarice were  turned upon i!;
a tide of emigrants, from all parts of the country,
flowed in, gladdening ihe  wilderness for a season,
and filling the land with joy.    They, in their turn,
purchased their little homes, and seemed contented.
The soil was to them what property in general was
to our first parents, a common stock, and each indi-
vidual lo  himself appropriated,   for   an almost
nominal sum, such portion as his wants required.
But this state of things did not long   continue.
Large companies of land speculators, chiefly mer-
chants from your Eastern cities,  were organized,
and vast sums of money consolidated  and sent to
Ihe Southwest, to be invested in " wild lands," that
were wholly unproductive; thus abstracting from
the current business a portion of its necessary sup-
port, to be invested where it could, by no possibi-
lity,  produce one dollar  of gain; depleting and
causing necessary languor and unhealihiness in the
channels from which it had been abstracted, and
giving no additional rigor to the other departments
of business, the lands being purchased for specula-
tion, and not for cultivation.   When this species
of devouring locusts came among us, and began
their work of demolition on the public domain,
onr hitherto quiet and contented citizen bscame
changed In hi* nature; the serpent had crept into
bis Eden, and for the first time he conceived the
new idea of making his fortune by land jobbing,
rather than by tilling the soil.   A portion, nay, the
whole, of his surplus cash, which might better have
been spent in improving his li'tle farm, or dis-
charging S)me honest obligation, was invested in
" wild lands;" the pernicious example, like all
others of similar character, was followed by his
confiding neighbor. To morrow some wanderer '
from his native home in search of the new Elysium,
finds this land of promise; pleased with the soil, and
still more with the generous hospitality of its occu-
pants, he determines to take up his abode. Land
purchased at the minimum, is sold to our honest
adventurer at twice that fum; and he soon becomes
regularly installed into all tha mysteries of living
without work; f >r*he, in his turn, to make a penny
in an honest way, sells the same land for five dol-
lars per acre. The news sweeps over the country
like an elsctric flash; the story of the grand specu-
lation is on every tongue, and the same land is
sold for ten dollars per acre.   This is too much—
"The banner is flung to the wild winds free."
Fortunes  are  to be  made  by speculation.   The
horn of plenty is inverted, and all  may grow fat
who   will   feast   their   appetites.     Drawers  are
searched, purses  are turned, the cash that jingled
about the infant's neck is taken   off,   and fuss
and confusion leign; money must be  raised   to
purchase more  lands, that  we   may  grow mere
rich.    In short, sir, every dollar that can be raised
in the whole country is taken to  the  land (nice,
given for unproduciive soil, and as essentially lost
to the real business of the country, as though it
had   been   cast  into  the sea.     Fortunate, most
fortunate  had   it   been for   my   afflicted   Sta'e,
and   for   the   whole   country,   if   the   folly had
here   ceased.     But   the   real   capital   of   the
country being exhausted, the Legislatures were im-
portuned to create more banks, that there might be
more money to invest in more unproductive lands.
These banks, without capital, had all to gam and
nothing to lose; their issues were free and unlimit-
ed; the country was flooded with their paper, pro-
ducing the  disastrous consequences, first, of an
ability on the part of speculators to purchase large
quantities of lands; and, secondly, the ability to hold
them at very high prices, besides stimulating every
article of necessary family consumption into an
inordinate nominal value.   Every man felt rich in
the possession of his real estate upon which he had
fixed his own price, with a firm resolve to obtain
that price  or keep  the land.   The land might be
kept, but it was unproductive.    Holding it at very
h'gh prices suddenly checked the tide of emigra-
tion and left ths country full of venders, but without
purchasers.   Meanwhile, a system of extravagance
is began and kept up to commensurate wi'hthe fan-
cied wealth of neighbor Humbug. The Misses Hum-
bug, whose father is producing nothing, but who is
rich in the pf ssession of lands, have doffed their
dunstables and a plain silk, and now think it quite
mal-apropos with any ihing shoit of a satin hat,
mounted wLh a flowing white plume.  Embro'dered
silks, satins, shalleys and velvets take the place of
the old-fashioned family apparel; splendid coach-
es, blooded horses, servants in livery, fine houses,
magnificent furniture, rich and costly services of
plate, take the place of domestic, simplicity  and
plain Republican elegance.   All Europe and Ame-
rica are ransacked for viands to load a mahogany
table that has driven the o'd-fashioned cherry and
walnut from the  dining-room of a woodland cot-
tage into the garret of a p: incely mansion.   The
Northern merchant—as if reason had lost her domi-
nion—excites and encourages the extravagance, by
selling vast and almost incomprehensible amounts of
merchandise to  our country merchant?; they tetail
them to their customers, who in  their turn find it
impossible to pay in any thing better than the paper
of an  insolvent  bank, conjured into existence to
answer the present purpose of some reckless specu-
lator, that having come out of its chrysalis, has sud-
denly taken to itself wings and flown away.     The
country merchant ha? awealihy customer, but one
whose means are not available.   He cannot col-
lect his dues, and therefore cannot pay his mer-
chant in New  York.     The  New Yorker   has
sapped too deeply the  foundation of his trade, by
drawing from it  large sums of money to be in-
vested in unprofitable lands.   He cannot bear up
under a dishonor of his country paper.     Our
dealer is urged to pay, and he in his turn presses
lis customer; but payment is not made, because it
cannot be made; presently the New Yorker fails
in business; his failure embarrasses his neighbor
and his another, and anon a general crash is heard
—terror and consternation possess the community.
The importunities for money become greater
and still more great. The wealthy Mr. Humbug
determines to sell a portion of his lands, pay his
debts, and live independent. He starts out with
this honest purpose, but what is his surprise to find
every bedy selling, and no one buying. He re-
returns dispirited, disappointed, disheaitened. He
is sued, harassed with executions, and finally
breaks; at this point he turns Whig, curses Gen.
Jackson, swears that Van Buren is the greatest
scoundrel that ever lived, and starts to Texas,
Such, sir, is a faint picture of the causes which
have produced much of the embarrassments in my
own country—such a brief outline of the rise,
expansion, and final explosion of the greatest
bubble that ever floated on the wide ocean of popu-
lar folly. But, Mr. Chairman, there is a more
interesting inquiry touching this subject than the
ona usually discussed in this hall. The real in-
quiry wi;h the great mass of the people, is not who
or what produced the mischiel; but what means
are to be resorted to to get clear of it. I find that
on all the essential points we differ; we differ radi-
cally and essentially. It never has, perhaps it
never will be, otherwise. There is no such thing
as a concurrence among us as to what produced
this calamity: for years has it been discussed
by the ablest men in the nation, and with as
little prospect of arriving at any harmonious,
result now as when they began. Let us not, then
waste our time in this unprofitable dispuiation.
Let us rather act for the attamment of some pre-
sent and permanent good. If the house be on
fire, let us first extinguish the flames, and then
go out into the streets and high places in search
of the incendiary. One of the first steps to be taken,
is to introduce a rigid system of economy into
all the various departments of business, public and
private. In Republics like ours, if the people
become extravagant, the Government is likely to
be infeded with the same mania, since it draws
its subsistence and vitality directly from the peo-
ple; and I call upon members here to set an ex-
ample to their constituents, worthy cf emula-
tion: let them show by their public actions that
economy and reform is to be the order of the day,
and it will exert a benign and happy influence over
all classes of the community. But gentlemen
tell me that something else must be done; that
it is useless to talk of economy to a man in the
last stage of. mortal existence; that the commu-
nity is sick to dea'h, and, if relief be not soon pro-
cured, ihe patient must expire. Sir, we have
proposed our remedy. That remedy, which we
grant, must be slow in iis operations, but will,
we think, be more speedy, as well as more
certain, than any other, to effect a final and per-
manent cure. And what have you done? You
have stood between our ministering hand and
the lips of an expiring patient; and you have ex-
horted him not to receive our remedy. Sull you
persuade him that he is growing worse, and that
each day he- is drawing nearer and nearer to his
final dissolution. But what, s ays the alarmed, ex-
hausted, and dying man, shall I do to be saved?
And you modestly respond, turn off your present
attendant, and take ws into your service. Ay, sir,
take you into his service; and, pray, what will you
do? How will you minister to his wants? Upon
this subject you are non-committal You refuse
our remedy; and yet you have no panacea of
your own. Will ihe change which you propose
be so salutary in its influence as to heal our afflic-
tionj? Will the defeat of Mr. Van Burea
and the election of General Harrison act like
a charm upon the country. Is this new
political Messiah to work by miracle*? Is he a sort
of political faith doctor? Tell me, sir, whathe is to
do for the country, and how he is to do it. Upon
what principles will he administer the Government?
What great measure of reform is proposed? And
how and by what means is it to be carried out?
General Harrison has been before the American
