26th Cong.....m1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE

appropriation Bill—Mr. Brown of Miss.
H. of Reps.
people for more than four months, and no man can
say—no man holding a position in the Whig
ranks, to give force and efficiency to his declara-
tions, dart say—what are his opuions upon any
great question of national interest. Dare any man
ay that General Harrison is for or against a Na-
tional Bank, Internal Improvement, the Tariff, or
even Abolition itself? Dare any member of the
Whig puty 0ft this floor rise in his place and
commit hisparrj to the support of any measure of
any kind? No, sir, they come in the impressive
language of my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Wat-
tkkson] as the architects of ruin, to pull down
every thing and put up nothing. That I may dis-
tinctly understand the position which gentlemen
intend to assume, I now, sir, call upon them indi-
vidually, and as a party of honorable men. to
come out and give us their principles. Do you
commit yourselves to the support of a National
Bank?
[Mr. Chinn, from his seat.   I do.]
But does the gentleman speak for his part)?
Will his parly link their destiny ta a National
Bank? Will it be the policy of General Harri-
wn's Administration, in the event of his election,
to create snch an institution. I put the categorical
question to gentlemen of the Opposition, on all
sides of the House, and I shall be content to recsive
a categorical answer. lam impatient for an.an-
swar, but it shall be my good pleasure to awa.t the
response of honorable gentlemen. I pause for a
reply. No one answers. Then, Mr. Chairman,
I am justified in concluding, thai gentlemen either
support a man without knowing his principles, or
else they are afraid or ashamed to let his principles
be known to the country and to the very pe op'e
whose suffrages they ask. If gentlemen can find
ease and c ,mfort in either po-i'ion, I give them
joy. Though, Mr. Chairman, gentlemen here w.ll
not commit themselves or their party to the sup-
port of a United States Bank—though, sir, they do
not, and will not, and dare not, designate this as
their means of relief.yet I choose so to regard it. All of
us agree that something must be done to relieve the
country, purify the currency, and move again ths
stagnant pools of commerce. We (the Democrats,
or the Loco Focos, if it please you better) say that
that something must be the adoption of the Sub-
Treasury. You, gentlemen, say what? You are
loud and long in yi ur denunciations of onr scheme,
and swear to it an eternal hate. What may we
expect of you? What do you bring forward as
the great antagonist of the Sub-Treasury? Noth-
ing; literally nothing.
I think proper to say, Mr. Chairman, to my con-
stituents, through ihe medium ot this House, that
the present state of things must continue, or the
Sub-Treasury must be adopted.   Nothing else can
be   done—nothing relse is proposed; tand   those
who oppose our scheme, and produce none of their
own, mus  be in favor  of the existing state of af-
fairs.   If I   can get no one here to take up a Na-
tional Bank and oppose it as the great rival to the
Sub-Treasury, I will leave this hall and discuss ihe
question with particular reference  to the state of
political feeling in Mississippi.   There the Whigs
are more unflinching than iheir breiheren in this
latitude.   They come out boldly, and avow their
preference for such an institution.   And now, sir,
permit me to institute a br.ef comparison between
the two schemer; first premising that in all our le-
gislative action it becomes our solemn and impen-
tive duty to make cur acts conform to the letter
of the Constitution, and to the spirit and meaning
of our Republican form of Government.     Our
venerable forefathers first conceived the   idea of
throwing off the British forms, and when they bad
done so, they, resolved lo crown the bold adven-
ture by establishing what had been hitherto un-
known in the science  of government, to wit: a
Government of the people.   They gave us a repre-
smtative  Democracy,   and   so   admirably   con-
structed, that once in two, four, and six years, all
political power reverted to the people; and so long
as we adhere to that form of government, it is
our  duty to do no   act which  will  take those
powers   out  of   the   hands    where   our  fore-
fathers  reposed   fhtm.      Indeed   it  may  well
be   questioned   whether   it   is   not   a   species
of political treason to do so.
And now, sir, pray what is a Bank of the
United States? For want of better data, I
take the proposition of the distinguished states-
man and orator from Kentucky, [Mr. Cuv,]
regarded every where as Sir Oracle, the Ju-
piter Tonans of the Whig party. His Bank
was to have a corpoiate existence of fifty years,
and an incorporated capital of fifty millions of dol-
lars. And what are the important functions it is to
perform? One gentleman on my right says it is to
"regulate the currency." Another, on my left,
says it will regula'e commerce. My friend who
sits before me thinks it will regu'ate the State
banks; and the member near me wants it as the
fiscal agent to collect and disbuse th? revenues of
Government; and my friend from Louisiana, [Mr.
Chinn,] who is ths only man of his party that has
had the boldness to come out in favor of such an
institution, thinks, I have no doubt, it would per-
form all these various offices.
[Mr. Chinn.   It did do so once.]
I hear the response of my friend, and it is suffi-
cient for my purpose.   I admire his honesty, and
I would  compliment his frankness, but I can-
not, except at theexpen eof his discretion.   Yes,
Mr. Chairman, a Bank such as that of which I
have spoken, might, perhaps it would, perform all
thee variou* offices.   Bu , sir, what is the Bank to
which you propose to intrust these powers, and
under what influence is it placed?   An association
of thirteen merchants of ihe city of New York,
under a corporate name, elevated, by a solemn act
of Congress, above the great mass of the people;
not subj ;ct to their will, and not reached by any
influence of theirs; under no control other than
ihat of their unbrid'ed will, conducting their pro-
ceedings in secret chambers, and with an eye single
to the interest of the stockholders and favorites of
the Bank.   And this is the institution to which you
are to entrust the regulation of  commerce, the
regulation of the currency, the regulation of State
banks, the fiscal agency of the Government; and,
I   will  add,   the  regulation   of   the   wages of
labor,   the  prices   of property,    and   the  opi-
nions of members of Congress.    And for what
period of time?    For fifty years, or until your
Bank   charter expires   by   its own limi'ation, it
exercises all these various powers supremely, in-
dependently, widnut control.   Are these powers
among the essenial ingredients of Government?
Are they not in fact the very elements of Govern-
ment itself?   May that be called a Government of
the people, where the power to regulate commerce,
to regulate exchanges, and 6x at pleasure the quali-
ty and quantity of the circulating medium of the
country, is taken out of the hands of the people,
and entrusted, for a period of fifty years, to a eolerie
of bank directors, owing no responsibility to the
people or to  their representatives,  but acting by
sanction of law, in a sphere abave and beyond the
power and influence ot the ballot-box?   Is that, sir,
a representative  Democracy, where all the essen-
tial elements of Government are taken from the
Representative eh sen by the peop'e, a^ placed in
the custody of a corporation—an immaterial thing;
a thing not visible or tangible?   Answer me  thes:
things; and if you answer as I know you   must,
then tell m->, sir, wheher you are violating the Ut~
ierof the Constitu'ion, immolating our forms of
Government, insulting the shades of our fathers,
and converting what they intended should ever
remain a representative Dem cracy, into a rort of
incorporated political oligarchy—whether, sir, you
are wresting trom the people the powers of Govern-
ment, and surrendering them into th« custody and
keeping of a corporation.   Gentlemen insist that
the United States Bank is to regulate the local or
State banks.   By this I understand it is to control
the amount of their issues.   If it expands, they ex-
pand; it it contracts, they contract: thus, at its besk
and nod, money is plenty or scarce.   If the Bank
of the United Sta'ej wills it so,  money is plenty,
property rises in value, and wages grow higher.
Presently, from inclination or necessity, it contracts
its issue*, money becomes scarce, wages go down,
and property sinks in value.   Thus, by contract-
ing and expanding its issues, which it does at will,
it regulates the wages of every man's labor, and
fixes the value of every species of property, and
with as much ease and facility as you, sir, would
regula'e a clock by raising and sinking iht pendu-
lum; and all thi? is done in a Government where
the people are flattered with the story of their su-
premacy, and cajojed into the belief that they are
in fact the sovereigns of the land.
But, says my distinguished friend over the
way, we must tie up the Bank with the strong
cords of the law—subject it to the frowns andt in-
dignation of the people—let the thunders of an out-
raged constituency fall upon the ears of our bant-
ling, and bid it pause in its career of ruin. Alas!
sir, n has no ear; it will be deaf to your lamenta-
tions, here andelewhere. You may scowl upon
its conduct, but it is blind to your indignation; it is
a mere ideal thing. You hear the winds, but you
do not see them; you feel the rays of the sun, but
cannot put your hand upon them; and as wall
might you attempt to lock up these invisible and
intangible things, as to attempt, by legal enact-
ments, to restrain a bank within its chartered li-
mits. iEolus locked up the winds in the mountain
caverns, and the sun stood still at the bidding of
Joshua. But, alas! there are no ^Boluses, no
Joshuas now. All time, all experience, has shown
that the tendency of corporations and of associated
weal h, is to place themselves above the law, the
Constitution, and people; and as well, sir, in my
opinion, might you attempt to chain the lion to his
lair, by throwing cobwebs about his mane, as to
attempt, by legal redactions, to keep a fifty mil-'
lioR bank within any prescribed limits.
Permit me, Mr. Chairman, (and only for the
sake of argument,) to submit a proposition to ho-
norable gentlemen; and as I only submit it by way
of argument, I beg that gentlemen may not be
alarme J.   Ins'eid of giving up the powers of Go-
vernment, to be exercised by an invisible moneyed
aristocracy, in the form of a National Bank, I pro-
pose to give them to the President of the United
States.   That is, sir, instead of having commerce,
currency, exchanges, local banks, and political opi-
nions, the wages of labor, and the value of proper-
ty, subjected to the controlling influence of one
grand consolidated National Bank, I propose to
place them under the control of the President of
the United States; and I am not particular whether
that President be   William   Henry Haiti on or
Mardn Van Buren; nor even, sir, in the language
of Mr. Clay, if it be Thomas H. Benton, Amos
Kendall, Francis P. Blair, or the Devil. To the Presi-
dent of the United States, whoever he may be, I
propose intrusting these powers.     What objec-
tion do gentlemea make?   Here is the man of
the people's choice, selected by them from fifteen
mi.lions of freemen, in consideration of his talents,
his patriotism, and his exalted moral and political
wor.h, to preside over their destinies.   To this
man,   thus   chosen,   holding   his  office  for  a
limited   tenure,   with   no  motive  to   act  cor-
ruptly,   and   with    every   inducement   to   act
leniently, reached  by the smiles  and subjected
to   the frowns of his countrymen, with a hard
earned  reputation at stake, with, in fact, all to
lose and nothing lo gain, I propose intrusting these
powers.   Methmks 1 hear my friend over the way,
to whom Executive patronage is even more terrible
thai the ghost of Banquo was to the affrighted
Macbeth, lifting his eloquent and impressive voice
against it.   Why, says he, this is worse than war,
pestilence and famine—more terrible than standing
armies.   Hark ye, friend, the people can do wrong;
they are sovereign; they are capable uf govern-
ing themselves; at least so you and I persuade
them; and these powers are only to be intrusted to
the man of the people's choice.   If he act cor-
ruptly—if he play the tyrant—the people, the sove-
reign people, have the correction in their own
hands; they have only to exercise their reserved
high constitutional privilege at the ballot box, and all
is right; the corruption is made pure, and the ty-
rant is dethroned.    But, says my   friend, give
these powers to the Execuuve, and he will rise
above th? people and above the influence of the
ballot box.   If you give him these powers, you
constitute him king, emperor, autocrat, supreme
ruler of the land.   You may still keep up the
