S8t
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jAjaril, 1840.
H. of Reps.
36th ConO"-1st Sess.
rfpproprict'ion Bill—Mr. Broion of Miss.
name  of freedom—sull   cling   to the withered
skeleton oí ihe Constitution, you may go through
the form  of an election, but its influence is not
fell; all political  power is merged in the Execu-
tive, and the voice ot  the people is hu hed, or has
become as "-oundmg brass, and a tinkling cymbal "
Win, says th* gen.leman in the fulne*. of his pa-
tr o i>m, and in the plenitude of trepi iaiion at the
hoirora of Executive patronage, there is not a
crowfctdhead mall Europe who possesses one tithe
of the power you propose to con er on the Ameri-
can President    Ay, sir, and upon whom do you
propose to confer all this power? Not upon the man
ot tne people's choice—not upon the man who is
elec ed by the people, and ammable to the people—
but upon a soulless, unfeeling, and irresponsible
corporation.    If the posies-ion of the powers  by
the President constitutes him king, emperor, auto-
crat, pray, sir, tall me, tell me, in the name of all
that is rea-onable and light—in the name of God
and our beloved country, what does it constitute the
bank] Says the gentleman,!he bank once exercised all
the** powers, and we did not feel us n ranny. It is
 Ot the possession of power that constitutes the ty-
rant, but the exercise ot it.    Elizabeth ruled over
England, and her people were prosperous and hap-
py; but the Stuarts succeeded to the throne, and
with the ¡ame powert they threw terror and conster-
nation over the land, and filled the hearts of the
pcop'e with mourning    I know not, Mr, by what
feelings and motives other gentlemen are moved,
tat, for myself, if these powers are to pass out of
the hands of the people, I want to sre them put in the
possefsion of a man—a thing of life—a real thins
of flesh and blood    If we are to have any kins or
tyrant id tbisjcountry, I want that he may be a living,
creeping thing—something that I may bee, that I
Bay feel, into whose face I can look, and upon
whose brow I can place my burning curses as he
bends about these uncaptive limbs the fetters of
despotism—and not a soulless, unfeeling corpora-
tion—an invisible, intangible, and immaietial thing
—a thing not responsible to man on earth, or Gcd
in heaven.   So help me Heaven, I coold not in-
trust these powers to  Washington himself, though
his sainted and canonized spirit (which I trust is
ever hovering around this Capitol, and rendering
op its devoutest orison* to God, invoking His bene-
dictions upon this  people) could return to reani-
mate his body and quicken it into renewed exis-
tence.   I could not, sir; because these powers once
given away, no residuary power cou'd make us
tree, and that which I tould not m'rust to the
Father of his country, I surely would not intrust to
a corporation, even  though that corporation con-
sisted of thirteen New York merchants and they
not only honest, but above suspicion.   Here I am
met by tbe declaration that I expect the Sub-Tiea-
sury to perform ail these  various function", and
that the Sub-Treasury is the creature of the Presi-
dent and under his control.    Without saying how
far the Sub-Treasury scheme, when it shall get into
successful operation, will affect the commerce, ex-
changes cunency, and local banks of the country,
I will suggest that it will control ihem, it at all, by
by a fixed and determined rule— a rule not under
the control of the President, but one settled by law,
and which   must  ever remain   the same   until
it is altered by an act of Congress.   The power in
a bank which makes it dangerous, and which, in
truth, gives to it influence, is its  ability to if sue
paper money otherwise than on a metallic bas's,
make discounts, and  receive  money on deposite
Give it these, and it will not be, like Archimides,
in want oí a place on which to rest his tulcrum; it
has ihi?; it ha«, in addition, all the elements of
power and streig h, and it needs but the will to ap-
ply ibem, which it is too apt to have, to repel the
Government itself.   Deprive it of these, and it is
shorn Sampson, a fangless serpent, which may have
the will, but not the ability, to do mischief.   The
Sub-Treasury possesses none of these powers—not
One of them. Another, and not the least by far of tbe
advantages which it claims over a National Bank,
is inn it is ever subject to the controlling influence
nf the peeple.   Tbe people, in the person of their
Representatives, may alter, amend, or abolish it,
at pleasure.   And this, sir, seems to be in accord-
ance with the spirit and meaning of our free insti-
tutions. But a bank pnsents the s,n;ular sni-
moly ot a creature r Mug ab ne the creator, of an
institution in a Governne toi the feopie n«tns
above the people, tor, ace rJni  10 Whi  ethics,
a bank char er is no alteiabe, c amendable, ex-
cept at the the di oetu n ot th. bank
I regret, Mr. Chairman, that I have pu sued th's
subject -o fat. I have said mo e, mucn more, than
I had intended; and y<-t I do nit well see hov I
could have said less, fled ng it u.ciden a'ly connect-
ed with the deterce ot the AdininiMia'ton again-t
the general charge of bav ng pioluceda state of
calamity and ruin, and no  nejiecuis or refusing
any corrective, I have beer ín^en^ibly led into
the e observation'. It they produce the sligh est
effect here or e^f where, I sna I «e in >re than com-
pensated í >r all thetionblethty hate cost me Ask-
ing pardon of ihe commit'ee tor th° aggre-sion, I
retu n to the bi 1, and t> the a'guaen's of gentle-
men who have spoken in oppo  tion to its passage.
I am told ihat this bill is an Etecutive measure
—that it come-- here with ihe impress of ihs tenant
of the White Hmee upon it, an I that it does not
give evidence of ihat rigid economy which we
were informed in the becinraog of this session was
to become the order of the day. As in, Mr Chair-
man, I appeal to gen'lemen to -how me in what
this bill g ves earnest ot the extiavaeance, profl -
s&cy, and corruption, of which «e hear ~-o much.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ogle] is
the only member, of th* dozen and one Opposition
orator;, who have spoken on this bill, that has
deigned to tell us in wnat its extravagance does
cons st. He desires to have our Ministers recalled
from foreign courts, and their p'aces supplied by
Chaiges d'Atfaires. But he has not shown us how
we are to avoid national dishonor in such an act.
What, sir, will te said of a nation of fifteen mil-
millions of freemen, who, refusing to reciprocate
an honor extendel to it by a foreign power, by
sending h^re their resident Minister Plenipoten-
tiary, assigns for it irr ridiculous reason "that we
are loo poor to bear the expense." I am (or eco-
nomy and retrenchment; but I spurn them, if they
are lo be purchased a the expense of national
pride and national honor. Ec< nomy is wanted;
but this is not the way to economize Retrench-
ment is demanded, but it must no", and so far as I
am concerned it shall not, commence here. I
would, Mr, have you commence this work of eco-
nomy and reform as ihs physician ministers to his
patient—fiist 'earnin? the'eat ot the disease, and
then app'ying the remedy If an arm be affected,
I would not have jou amputate the )e^, and if a
man's head be sick, I wou'd not have >ou ¡reice
hi* heait. And so, sr of the body poli íc. If the
disease, 'he extravagance, pr< fl gacy, ot whxh you
speak, exi*t in tl<e War Department, go there
with your remed) • if in the Navy, go there,
and if m the Treasury or Post Office, go
there. But do not, I pray you, stretch the Go
VPinmenton the Piocnwean bed, and under pre-
tence of curing a diseased part, cut rfTa leg on
this side, and an arm on that, un'il you have so
mutilated its fair proporu ins ih t it wuh-rs and
die-:, or hobbles out a mis*r?b e existence, "the
pity of its fr ends and the scorn of i s enemies "
Much, very much has been sail, Mr. Chairman,
about " fnuds and coriupi >n" in all the depart-
ments of G ivernment, and i' is gn e i out that this
bill is i s hi lin; place. Tne great íeduse, who
is ever present, and always invisible, rus his ca-
vprn, his mysterious and undiscovered home, in
this bill. I am rej >iced that tre d scovery has
been made. Icongra ulate gentlemen and the coun-
try that we are at least so close upon ihs heels of
the many headed monster; and t > prevent every
possibility of his escape, I piopose that we sta-
tion some of our best tact ciins around ih s mil
after the fashicn of 'uruutdng the Pt-ntne
marshes, and that g*ntlemen go with fire and
sword, if they please, and drag this monster from
bis den. Sir, I lej íc  th-1 ihs srand crusade,
after the far lam< d " fraud and c< rrupnon," as at
last diawmg to a close. Unlike ¡he Seminóles in
Fonda, you have traced him to his hiding
place You h*\e the soldiery under your com-
mand, and if ihe enemy be not now taken, it is
your fault.   Then be not sleeping on your posts—
gird on your armor, and let ihe work of war be
h ard vvah ihe coming in of t-> morrnw'o dawn.
H.thero }ou have ce mp a n d ¡hat ihe soldiery
wete not o \<ur ; thai iheir cause wjsro' your
cause; that th<i keungsand attachments wtte with
the enemy, and th t ihc-y d d n< t <ariyon that
relentless warfare which the en ergency ot the hour
and the peifidy of the en my s i imp ri us y de-
manded S r, >ou can no longer make thai com.
plaint. The capiain general oí th s House (the
Speaker) is he whi m you have chosen to the high
command—and he ha> noi beirai e 1 ) ou He has
chosen the capuirs and lieutenants and dril, ser-
geants from your own rank , ar.d alter a campa gn
ot three moi ths, they reium, throw d wn their
am or, declare ihat there is no enemf in the coun-
try, ai d ask to be d^banr'ed But theeentlemaa
fiom Vi'gmia [Mr Wise] whose quick ear de-
te ts tne sluhtesi 'ound, and from who5e watchful
eye n > phantom can escape, avers ihat there is an
enemy n the country; ih\t he has seen him and
felt him, and with a Zealand ene gy which does
equal jus ice to his reíd and heart, he dfmands, m
the name ot his heseiged country, that ihe army be
not disbursed Sir, I agree wi.h him, and I will
go with tie honorab'e gentleman in his opposition
to this abrupt terminaiion ot a seven years' war.
If for nothing else, in very charily I will do it. For
it would be be an unkind cut, af er all we have heard
about this monstrous enemy ol our country for the
last seven}) ear«,to permit gentlemen now to acknow«
le^e that there was indeed no such enemy in th«
land. Nay, sir, Í will do more. I will give my
humble aid (and I can say as much for my hono-
rable colleague) to the eleíanon of the honorable
gentleman [Mr. Wise] himself, to command. If
he is not pleased with the conduct his honorable
friend [Mr. Briggs,chapman ot Expenditures, <fec]
perhaps he could be pleased with his own mode of
w arfare. The gentleman has some experience, too.
His celebra ed cruise to Ne w York(on ihe Swariwout
Committee) won torhim laurels, green and glorious,
but laurels on which one so )Oung and valiant wou d
not be content to recline, when others, ¡.till more
rich, were to be gathered in the "¡ame fie'd. 1
thought, myself, that the cee rated Swariwout
campaign was a little too Q,uixot c—had a little too
much of the windmill about it; butinihisl may
have erred; and, in the error, may have don? the
honorable gentleman some injust ce. I am, there-
fore, the more anxious taat he should assume the
command, and by an exerc se of that ch valry and
high bearing, winch I know he possesses, terminate
the worst o. all our wars,—this war against "fraud
and ctrruption "
If the gentleman will allow me, and will receive
the sugsestion in all kindness, I will remark that
the country expects him to take the lead in this
war. It my memory does no' betray me into er-
ror, the honotable m°m,,er male pledgf to the
country on this hibject—pledge's which the country
ii anx ous to <ee luln ed And 1 again tender my
humble ierv c°s to tbe distinguished gentleman in
enabling h m to cany out th >se pledges
But, Mr. Chairman, in a 1 sober s-nousness, I
do beg ot gentlemen, either tj cea-e this eternal
clamor about frauds and corruption, or go to work
and expose them. '1 hey have amp e verge and
scope; they el cted their ?pjakar, and have all
the committees organized tj their liking; and if
this is not satisfactory, if committee^ of their own
fiiend , who-e duty it is to investigate ihe frauds
and expenditures of Government, will not perform
theruust, let them a-k for another orsanization
of committees; or, if they please, for select
committees. Let them ask lor any thing
and every thirg, an! I, anl the party with
whom I am associated, are prepared to give
it to them. We ask me < f two thing-, either
•hit they cease iheir clamor about frauds, c>irup-
tions, and perjury, or >hat ihey go w th commit-
tees, organ zed «fer their own fa hit n, and fr net
out the evidence of these abuses One of 'hese
'h tigs I ask, in ihe name of the party wi h whom
I act—in the name of ihe whole country—in the
name of justice, decency, anl propriety, and f on
ihis day furwaid I want it distinctly under tooJ,
that the Whig party have had, new have, and will
continue to have, full, ample, and unlimited power
