April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
26th Cowg." Ist Skss.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Brown of Miss.
H. of Reps.
to -eard, winnow, and in?estliate, every depart-
ment of ih'n Government, from the State down to
the P«>st Offiie, in all their various ramifications.
Whin I came here,. Mr. Chairman, I expected
the first note that would hive fallen upon my ear
hadbeenaWhis lamentaron, that the party in
power would  not permit investigation; that the
most enormous frauds were daily perpetrated, and
lha' the spacious mantle of Executive and Legis-
lative connivance  was   thrown over to conceal
them; and I left home with ihe firm purpose, with-
out regard to consequences to my party or to  my-
stlf, to assist in removing that mantle, and in ex-
posing this perfidy.   Imagine, sir, my surprise,
wh*n almost four monh* of the session had gone,
to hear, for the first time, an anxiety expressed to
see these frauds investigated; and how much greater
was my Mtrpr'tse, when I heard the very gentle-
men who had been loudest and longest in their
outcry against ihese thins*, the most reluctant to
engage in the work of investigation—one gentle-
man [Mr. Briggs] wishing to have his committee
discha-ged,   and another [Mr. Wise]  lecturing
hitn for his wantofdev >tion to the coumry, but still
reluctant to tahe hi< place.    Why, sir, I expected,
after the annuncia'ion oí the last wimer,  by the
gantleroan from  Vin in'a, [Mr. Wise ] that the
c'eiksofih* Depa fn-nts  were in  ihe habit of
coming secretly to his chamber at midnight, and
di-c'osirg to h m ihe enormous fr?uds that  were
going on, that no space would have contained htm,
if he had b^en denied the privilege of carrying on
his in vesications; but, instead of this, ihe gentle-
man has b*en as quiet as a lamb, and even now
shows no inclination to commence the great work.
I submn to the honorable gentleman, whether it is
quite painofc in him, convinced as he doubtless
is of the existence of these enormous frauds, not to
be more v g lant and industrious in ferreting them
out?   Or has the gentleman concluded with me,
that it was no real thing that whispered in his ear,
bat a mere creation of his heated imag nation—a
kial of spirit, that, like the ghost of Hamlet's la-
ther, sud:
'•But that I am forbid
To tell the secrets of my prison house,
I could a lale iinA.Li. whose figh esc word
Would harrow up thy soul; freeze thy young blood;
Make thy two eyes, Ilk  stars, start from their spheres;
Ttiy knotted and combined locks to pan;
And each particular hair to stand on end
Lito quilla upoa the fretful porcupine."
Ay, s r; that it was in fact in ghost, I do not
doobi; but that it was an honest ghost, I do doubt
most essentially.
In connection with this subject, I do not feel In-
clined to discuss the merits or demerus of the aspi-
rants to the PreMd^n-y.     Bat there was a remark
of ihe gentleman from Pennsylvania  [Mr. Oaut]
to which I mu>t allude.     He informs us thai the
President of the Uni¡ed States hasbtea defeated in
hs native fctate, (New York,) for no better reason
than that he is "a Northern  man   with Southern
principles."     This remark, coming as it did from
an avoweel Abo itionist, struck me with peculiar
force.     I felt deeply and sensibly the truth of the
suggestion, and I cou d but ask myself how it wa«
received by Southern  Whigs acting in Concert
with theeeutleman in bisoppcsition to ihe President
—wbe her it fell upon their ears like 'he dulcet vi-
brátil ns of an ^Eolian harp, or whether it wss not
to them like the death-kneji oí* Southern hopes and
Southern ri&ht*.   The Sou'h  will learn eie loni
to know her friends, and,  'earmrg this, ^he will
find >hat her b.t crest foes do n-1 always live north
of Mason and D.¡ton's lino, but witiin her own
borders, living upon her soil, honored   frith her
enfidence, and rectiving ihe protection  of  her
laws; are men who hold the hemlock to her lips.
Unfai hful friemJs aie mote to be dreaded than ihe
most   open hostile  enemy; and I pray   that the
Souih may not tall, if laH she muu, by the treache-
ry of her own sons, or, expiring, she may not have
cause to exc aim:
"The shaft that deerest in my hosom went
Was froui the bow pretended friendship bent."
Wi h tae candidate of the Whig party I hare
nothing to do. Idonotpo^e* the pow-r, and it
I did, I would not exetcise it, of plucking one
lanret from the wreaib that decks his veteran
brow.  His official acts are' matters of recq^,
about which it ill become: me to be leciaiing those
who have as ample opportunity as myself to learn.
I pass over, therefore, in silence,his military career.
t have noihing to say about the battle of the river
Raisin, nothing about the abandonment of Fort
Sandusky. With the sacrifice of the gallant Daviess
I have nothing to do. The ba<tle<= of the Thames
and the far-lamed Tippecanoe were fought; by
whom, and wiih what h >nor to the country, I leave
history to decide. Nor shall I pause to inquire
whether General Harmon had an honorable or
dishonorable discharge from the army. It is
enough ihat he resigned his comm;ssion, and was
succeeded in the command by one who brought the
war to a brilliant and glorious termination. I will
be permitted, however, to remark that it is not in
good taste to have opposed Gen. Jackson's eleva-
tion to the Presidency because he was a military
chieftain, and to advocate Gen Harrison's preten-
sions on the same grounds. Of General Jackson
it was s-atd that it were better that war, pestilence
and famine should visit the country, than that a
military chieftain should be chosen to rule over it.
And yet, by the same men, we a'e exhorted to vote
for Gen. Harrison because he is a military chieftain.
Why,say gentlemen,in the darkest hour of our politi-
cal travail, whencloudsand darknessovershadowed
the land; when cowardice aTdtreachery had brought
disgrace upon (ur arms, and clothed this broad
land in mourning; when the eyes of the whole coun-
try were anxkusly looking for sr me redeeming
f-piril, Haras >n came forth; he ra'lied to the ns-
cue; he changed our mourning into public re-
j licing; he rai«d the tattered star spangW banner
from being soiled and trailed in the dust, to be
borae aloft amidst the
" Shock, the shsut, the frown of war;"
that he wrung the lauiel from the bloody fangs of
the British lion, and wovs it in the glossy plumage
of the American eagle, and Feat her soaring
through the sk e-, the glad harbineer of glory and
of victory All this may be true, but if it is, histo-
ry has done the General exceeJinaly sreat wrong,
not to have recorded the facts, or to have done it
so bunglingly that another has received ihe ho-
mage of a people whose gratitude should have been
bestowed on him. Bat as military services do not
always afford the best evidence of a man's qualifi-
cation for the Pie-idency, may I n •( be permitt-d,
with proper respect io tr<e Ge if rai and hi  friends,
to inqoi e what ar  his civil claim*? We present a
candidate who-e opinions are clearly defined, and
every where understood. You attack the errors of
those opinions, but you deny us ihe privilege of
either concurring in, or dissenting from the opi-
nions of General H«r son, becau-eyon w,]l not let
us know wl,a' tho e opinions are. We are grave-
ly informed that the great Hani-burg Convention
d d not djem it prud nt to m^ke any general decla-
ration of the opinions and princip es of the Oppo-
sition paru; and that the committee into whose
hands the candida'e of the party has been placed
for sare keeping, hava determined that he should
make nu more di-c!o~ure of hs opinions, whilst
occupying his present po^inoi. I venture the
assertim that this is the first lime in 'he history of
this Government, that any asp rant to popular fa-
vor has taken the broad ground ihat he would
make no declarat om of his opinions to friends or
foes, during hLs candidacy. It <"oes seem to me,
Mr. Chairman, that gentlemen put a very poor es-
timate upon ihe intelligence of the people, whose
s iflfrages they s?t k. Instead of coming out with a
bold and fearless declaration of their opinions and
sentiments, in im>t<tion of that "timeserving,
wire-working, non-committal candidate of ihe Re-
publican patty," they deem it mo.st advisable to
kerp the r opinion* concealed; and, as if they
thought ilf people a gr«a> booby, " ho could be ca-
joled and flattered wth swset cakes, candies, and
sugar plums, t>-ey discourse him m> st eloquently
about di*tre<s, log cabins, crackers, and hard cider.
And who, .ür, is it that is keeping up this perpetual
cUmor about "1 g cabins aidhirdcldet?" Who,
sir, but the lords, aristocrats, and nabobs of the
land; men, who live themselves in marble palaces,
and drink the best w.n° that Prance ever pro-
duced? who me the people at elections as a firmer
dees his hor¡e, to perform a drudgery, and then to
be turned out to graze until he is wanted again.
and again to be caught up by shaking a bundle of
hay, or pounding on a cider barrel. Su\ I demand
of gentlemen whe.her any thing is known of the
principles or opinions of General Harrison? whe-
ther any thing is urged in his favor, except that he
lives in a "leg cabin, and drinks hard cidei?" And
are these qualifications thatbefit a man for the Pre-
sidency? If*o, sir, I congratulate my colleague and
myself that we represent more than 25,000 free-
men, any one of whom is qualified for the
firs-t office in the gift of this great Republic; for they
live in leg cabins, in fact, cabins unlike the Gene-
ral' —which, in sooih, loeks very like a splendid
country mansion—but the real thing, built of small
logs, and clap-boards; and, though our constituents
do not drink hard cider, (thank God, they are a
little above that,) they can boast of as signal ser-
vice to the country in quaffing a few glasses of old
whiskey; and if gentlemen really think that these
are the only qualifications necessary for a Presi-
dent, I stipulate, as a matter of economy, to fur-
nish Presidents from my State for the next five
hundred years, for five hundred dollars a piece.
In this, I trust the gentleman from Pennsylvania
will go with me, since it is economy on a much
more extensive scale than that of supplanting our
foreign ministers. I say nothing of General Har-
rison's political opinions, for the reason ihat they
are veiled in mystery, or have been expressed in
such dubious language as to give no definitive
Hea of what they were. I have a word or two
in c inclusion, Mr. Chairman, to say in regard to a
practice that has obtained very generally in this
House, and which is justly esteemed throughout
the country as one of bad moral and political
tendency, not likely to produce any good, an i out
of which grow most of our personal broils and
disasters. I allude, sir, to the practice of assail-
ing, without reason, the personal and private cha-
racter of political opponents, and more especially
the character of the distinguished men of the coun-
try. The character of our great men belongs not
(o this Honse or this Congress, bat to the
whole country. It is the pede-tal upon which
is built the fairest fabric that homan wisdom
has ever devñ-ed. It is the pillars, the
arches, in truth the edifice itself, of our
Republican Government; destroy this, and the
whole fabiic totters from its basis, ana crumbles
into attorns. Rome owed her greatness to ber Senate,
and Greece to her philosopher. la mor* modera
tim s the French Chamber of Deputies Qas &iv«°
tone and energy and power to a nation's cha-
racter. England's bright escutcheon has been ren-
dered still more bright by the eloquence and
energy of her sons; and America, young, happy,
proud America, when she has run the full race of
a nation's pride, when having filled the measure of
her goodness and greatness, baffled every difljjauy,
and outstripped all competition, ihe sits quietly
down upon the summit of her peculiar fame, far
above the nations of the earth, she calls the Bi*sett
of the new world to record her history; she will
bid him write upon its fairest page the names
of her Calhoun!, her Clays, her Webster , and
her Bentons, for to these will she be indebted for
her success, her greatness, and her glory. Sir,
when I contemplate the character of the distin-
guished son of Massachusetts, I do it with pride
andexultat on. Differingwith him in political sen*
titnent as wide es the extremities of earth, I can,
nevertheless, do him that justice which his great-
ness demands: He is an American, and as an
American do I honor him, and I envy not that
heart whose contracted limns embrace nothing bat
its especial favorites. Look upon this man, sfn
how calm, and yet how great; how like ihe de*p
and placid lake that never moves but in a storm;
and then, foaming and ca.tng high thebil ows of
pa-son, sentiment and wit, he seems from the
very bottom of his soul to be throwing op u>e col-
lected con-ents of a thousand years. Ab*'j* ****
orator of the West, he in whom nature jus
been pleased to blend all that is grandI and peeul ar
- ee how, like the great father of waters, 1heswwej
on in sullen, solemn, S™"*"";. W'*J^nf £
anon a ripple or a spray, a gentle hearing of the
watet* surface, a thing that yoa may look «po ,
