592
26th Cover.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Repeal of the Salt Tax—Mr. Benton.
April, iS4o,
H. ofR
eps.
i   l like thi-  Alter the process   I bo ling is o\er the brine is
ii in isrdiier  Inemning off the I ittern, or bitter watt*,
v  i I ^epirate from the salt, top e^ent this a bimp of tallow
(wti i. i sbe*t, thiugi tir is « nne urn.  u^tij^i is ihiown into
ea-h gtainer tn thi* tl esait t irm* a I ind ol rip, or hollow
subst i ice which retain  the bitter w itei Ths however, is
ro «i ' i lent to renin it all a poiuon of it escape* oi runs oft,
mil 1.1 uht ii d [ n i t ihe srrtiueis <i,ain i id boiled until
ii i* burnt an1 idhere u the ket lc in 1 berom< a« white as
oak This lsall iwid to remain on the graine - until, bv the
apt ci i n ot coid brine "liter being cot led h *n the bolléis
v ie thi íwninu tlu siauitis, it iiidtti ih i lhe« on to them
a i el i-di-. litem irire put tl - mixing up with the a't
This - i w nice is retinikibh tuavv ind i< what tends, more
tliaidm 11 neelbe toeiteto&ultusiineg os v\ i n appearance
Ti i man wlo i-no a iiuUe ol tin tiaiiiLi aJulttration,
the srea er tl e ad i tera't >n the better the salt i-eei is from lt-
fro-tv white fine appearance Doubtless the community ha\e
olien stei in the Kanawha salt white lum¡- appdrentl) as
ha>-1 asa ríek the reason of whi h l- this where too much
ta'iow and bmer witer die c wnliwed or have b"t n added and
the consequent great he-u which is nece=-arv to be applied to
make the «alt ie am this heavj 8u s,nnte the r-alt and the bit
tern I ff ime me eitii-ther and imm tho-e 1  ip*> these the
maker-call tal'ow ball- andaré nevtr made e\tept by an
over anxiety to adu terate '
Mr. B ".aid that such a a a'emeta as this re-
qairtd no c >mmeiitar}; it, in fact, admi'ted of
iii n°. The s atement was exp'icit ard potnttd, it
«ai tha' of an e^e witness; and it ai-p ayed a
hornble a^uss which had no parallel except in a
place which he would presently name. The
punt at present was to ctrroboia'e h i statement;
and for that pirpose he would have recourse to
several piece* i f te-timony contained in ih* docu-
n eTt "which hf* hid men \> n*d Prefixed to 'hat
document, wtre ' Ihir'y queries," rddie>sed by h m-
self tJ his consti uents las' summer on the subject
o* the sa|t naJeof the We-i: one ot which que-
ue* re ated tj the adulteratuns of f-alt, and was
in he e words :
' Q.OERY 20 Do you know, or have yon heard
fr< m c e uble sources of any practices amo ig the
salt makers to adulterate their >alt by u-n g taliow,
or other s-ubstances to cause ltme, or bnit-r water,
or other impurities tobe rettined in it to increase
ii*,weghtf Do yon perceive inmpurities in the
salt you iiíeí and if so, how do y u de ect th *m1
bv chemical snal}s *, or commrn observation1?"
To ihi« qoeiy. many affirmative answers were
|i rn of uh ch I uili read a fe  to the Senate:
1. 7 c answer fn m Howard county, sgned by
acomtnjitee of tnuen ci izens of boih pohtcaJ
pames,  ■*,«
"We have been told that some of the sal' makers of this
coun'ryare in the habit of putting tallow and  uch like sub
stancesm theirsali to make u retain all the bitterwater and
other impuriuw, morder to make it weigh as heavy as pos
« ble."
2 The a«*wer from the o"l <~ctor cf the port of
Et L di« Ml. Rsnrey, savs:
1 By common observation, wc can easily áet"C impurities in
the K inawha salt, and we can al waye do so to a great extent by
Ch trjcal analysis "
3. The answer frtrn New Hope, Lincoln roun-
U, drawn up hy ac immittee o six citizens, chosen
in a pub ic mesure, sajs :
'We have two practical silt boilers prefent, w no state, when
M't wasso'd b> measure, lie measured bjihrl w uld ftequent
ly weigh not over Tony poan Is When the law authorize the
saleol saltttihi fifty louiids to the busrH a t ose licks, the
buler* wtre ien directed to put in a'umand o herinsredients
nml t > retain ir he s I' the Lino a id bi ter v ater tu increase
tie weight of the salt "
4   The ars er from a public mee'mg of ths
people in Madi-on c^nty, ^gai-d bv their chair-
man ai d secret irv, sa\ •
"That tallow is used by salt makers to adu erate their «alt,
there l- not a doubt We have it from good an horny that tal-
l>w is sometimes used to renin the bitter water «oasto increpe
the weicht of the ral and we kn uv tha' m sal i s pork, ashes
are iieq etuly m xed v.  h ih  salt, to make it <t «solve "
5   Ih* ?n-wer from a public meean? in Jeffer-
sin coun y, signed by iheir chaitmm and secre-
tary SIVi
' B ins re note from the place of manufactuiinff, we are un-
ab e . > «peak from kmwledae but 'rom very credible sources,
that ta lo v is ce íerally used Dr the purpese ">f retainn g the
bi 'er  «ater   with the view of increasing ire weght of tho
6    The answer from Taney count), signed by
the comm ttee r>f a pubhc meetrg, say--
"We have known, and heard from credible "> mvces, that salt
mnlrei-* u e tallow to retain bitter water in their salt, to increase
its weight"
7    The answer from Pla'te county says-
"What may be th« piartices res ited to, to make salt weigh
heav v, I do not know, but Una I do know, that it frequently ap-
ZüTIty of salt tnaáe, equal to five thousand bushels of salt
2nd hal this wasactually .lone CKhers have toWIm¡that ul
low wa also'u'.ed to prevent the concretion, ant" adhesion to the
Xorthe kettles, oPf the Urn. which is h.l i m so mioo in
•om  wells and sptwgs of salt wa-er, and so retain H in tnt
pears in the most villanous shapes I have seen it perfectly
calcined by the tire, and as har I as brick, I have seen it poured
so hot into the barrels as to bum the in ide ol tht barrt I to a
•oal, and 1 ha\f seen it asain in such questionable shapes,
stripes, and shades, that the maker himself would not know
what to call it and most lertamly would not call itb\ i s proper
name, were he to call it salt "
8.  From Pike county, signed by a committee of
fifty   say-:
"■situa'ed as w e are, at a long distance, from the Kanan ha salt
works, nis impossible for us to fin nish you with an accurate
ac ount of tin- 'piicticei aioig salt makers to adulterate
tl eir salt Judsw; fiom tht qualitj and the appearance of
mu h of the domt sucsalt brouaht here we aie sati-fied that
many feross imposit ons are practised in lto manufacture
9.   Prom P kt  county, (Ashley )
"We have no doubt but ihat tallow is u^ed by «alt makers to
ahilteiate their salt \\i have it fiom good authority, that
ta low is sometimes used to retain the bittei water, and so as
to increasel|the weight of the salt, which often renders it ne
cessarj to put ashe« wih the «lit, to di-nülve it, in salting
meat  Ace
Mr B -aid that thece answers were sufficient to
show the fact of the adulteration < f salt at the gre<it
source ot snpplv for the W^st That it is adulte-
rated, and wilfully, and that for the purpose of
making it weigh heavy, is univeisallv known in the
West, and is now proved in this chamber. The
prircipal inered ent in the adulteration is bittern,
commt nly called bit er water, a poisonous fluid, of
great weight, and by ihe re ention ot which the
wnght of salt may be increased almt st two to one
The degree t > which iht adulierat on actually e.x
tend-, will be *een umler another head of abuse,
which I propose to examine, for the preset t, 1
limit myself to «ayirg that the proof will establish
an averaee of more than fi ty per cent The effect
of this adulteration is mjutious in many wajs. In
the fir t place, it defrauds he purchaser in the
measure, or quantny, of salt which he receives. In
the next place, it injures the salt use f, mingles an
an mgiedient with it which prrmo e- putrescence,
at d otten occasions the loss of provisions, and en-
daigers health in many instances. In the third
place, it injures the character of Western bacon,
bf ef, anH pork, in foreign markets, and does essen-
tial injury to that branch of Western trade.
Mr B. c >uld not qun th s part of his subject
wphout rem*rkiPg >hat the salt wa er of all springs
and «el s, held many foreign substances in sulu-
t on; the teparation of which wa- carefully enft reed
by the law  ot most oountnes where salt was arn
ficiallv made. In our own country, in the Stote of
New York, an inspector and .supeivs>rof salt
works are appointed by law, to guard bo h the
measure and the pnriiy of th° amele, and wh> had
offic ally rerorted to the Legislature of the Stite,
twelve momhs ago, the difficulty and a'most entire
impossibili y, with a'l their care, of totally prevent
ing adul eran n. An extract from tier teport
may be se< n in the salt document, No. 196, t f he
p esent session. The Engl'-h have «evtre statu-
tory regulanon- on the suhj ct, and officers always
pie'ent toerf nee them; who besid<sall ro^ibe
care to prevent adu'teration, often had recourse to
chemical analysis, ihe only m all b'e test, to asccr-
ta n the purity of the arücleaner it was made; and
condemned it if any foreign írgredi nt should be
detected The document, No. 196, c niainsano-
t ce of all the'-e regu'ations in England, to guard
the purity of their va't, and to save the com nunity
from the misch'efs of adulteran >n. This reing the
case— he salt water itself containing impunues diffi-
cult to be separated from the *a t—it being the in-
terest of'he manufacturer to ie ai i thrse impuri-
ties—and the presence of laws and officpts oeing
hardly sufficient to protect the purity of the manu-
facture; ihts being ih  ca*e with boded  alt, where
there is law to regula'e u, htwmu-t it be where
there is no law, and where the owner of ihe we h,
disregarding his true interest, surrenders his pro-
perty tj monopolizers to treat it as they please, and
io practiseevery species of abuse to «wed the pro-
fits of a brief lea S"1 That an adulteration of fifty
per cent is to take place under such circumstan-
ces is just as naturally to be expected, as it is here
fully proved.
The next abu*e reiultm? from tb'8 monopoly,
rhich Mr. B. would bring to the nonce of the Se-
nate, was in the measure, or as it was practised in
the West, in* the wcght of this artic'e. Universally
over the West rait was sold by weight, instead of
measure; and fifty pound  were allowed to the
hu-hel, not by any law in Missouri, but ihe law of
the company itself. This arbitrary measure was
copied fiom the custom-house, where it was msidi-
oii-ly introduced, as explained in the report on the
fishing bounties, by General Hamilton, in ihe year
1792, in order to increase the ptoduct of the «alt
revenue, by diminish ng the size of ihe bushel
Thus introduced through the cuslom-house, where
fjfiy-six pounds was the standard ot ihe bushel, th«
monopolizers had reduced n tc fifty, and applied it
to every km 1 of ^a t,notwithstanding the d (Terence
of its specific gravity. Thu^, the sun nude salt
whith weighs eighiy-four pounds to the menured
bushel, was sold fifty pounds for the bushel, ihus
defrauding the purchaser of thirty-four pounds in
every bushe1; and thus the Kanawha salt, which
dry and pure, would weigh about fifty pounds to
the meavured bushel, was so increased in weishtby
adulteration, that a half bushel measure would hold
the fifty pounds. In the measure, fou1- different
species of lmpo-inon occurred, the joint effect of
whuh were to reduce the nominal bushel to about
one peck The first was in ihe Litter water, which
was equal to fifty per cent, upon an average, ofad-
ditional weight Thestcond was in the d ffcrence
between "lick ireighC and true weight, the diffe-
rence being Irom ten to twenty percent and the
purrhastr brund to purchase at "h k weight," or
pay the diference, if re-weighed. The ih rd was
in the tare allowed foi the weight of the barrel,
twenty five pounds being the allowance, while from
thirty-hve to fifty pound> was the r«al we ght. The
four h was in the wa^tase and leakage from expo-
sure, thf barrels being brcuaht down the Ohi) river
in open boats, exposed io every weather, ar d after
arnvirg at the place < f sale, s-til 1 lying out in the
open air, on the ground, ejposed to sun at d rain in
summer, and to ram, hai', ske', snow, and mud in
the winter. From all these causes, the quantity of
salt was so reduced in the nominal bushel, that
when the purchaser had paid for a bushel, he had
received but a peck'
. Mr B then 'ead numerous quotations from the
salt document, No 196 consisting of answers to
his queries from the7ih t>the 14th inclusive, which
iitlly fs'abli-hed a'l ihat he had -aid in relation to
the false measure by which sa't was sold in the
Wf s\ To enable the Senate to bet er comprehend
th" answers he lead ihe queries first to wh'ch they
appl ed    Thi-querifs weie.
"7 When sold hy the barrel, is salt gold according to tht real
weight at ihe time of sale or according to the weii'nt marked
upon the barrel when first filled, commonly caded lick
weight!
8   Is the real weizht generally, or always below the rrsrked
wetehi? And if so what is the u«ual difference, and what the
g catest difference th.t you hate heard or know of? V\huui ths
tare allowed for the  arrel, and what its real weighil
9   Are the barnl* <ometitnes exposed m the upen air to ths
sun and ram, cither while coming to maiket.or waiting sale, so
a' to add wastage from such exposure to defec ive weight from
dryi lg and leakingl
10   Is an met eased price demande I f r the salt if re-weighedV
An I if «o, whai 18 the <isual «mount of the increase?
11   How many busuus by weight aro usually marked on 8
ban el?
12   How many measured bushels would the same barrel tot*
tan?
13   After deducting for wanage, leakasre, and drying, how
mai y measured bushels dots a barrel u'ua lv emu un7 And
what is the lowest qu mtny it has been Known to contain?
14   Whdt would be the welaht of a measured bushel of each
\ariety olsalt in vour neighborhood"1"
The answi-r  io uitse qutnes weie*
1    Prom the Sur vpyor of ih-p'it at St Lour5
"7 I' h general'v gold by the weght barked on he barrel,
hut sometimes liv re we ght
8   The Tetual weight is a moat alwavs less than the marked
we gh 1 kave kmiwn it to ]03e in weight from 20 0 SO
pounds on the single barrel
9   It i< generalh exp< sed to the weather, wnhout wareheus
inc until ihe artisle isdi«i osedof by .heagent
10   W hen sa't is re weighed t ii «old from 10 to 15 percen*
«bw the price when raicen attrehek Aeight
11   The barrel'at the lick weigh from 17ó to 400 peunds,
and averdge from 5 to 7i bu«hels
12   The same barrels would tonta n, in measure, from 3 to *t
bushels
13   I have not known a barrel of Kanawha salt to hold lees
than 3 measured bushels, rnr more tl an i\ measured bushel",
25 poun 's oi Iv are allowed for tn tat~ or weigh' of the barrel
when emptv   hut us ícrnal weight iMn in3o to sOpounds
14   Kana  ha salt weif lis <5 pounds to the mea«ured hu«he <
and forticu toarse aa t utout S7 jx ards to the measured bu
shel "    "
2    From Pike county:
"8 Between the real weifhtand the marked weight, tb ™
is, we believe, invariably a r ifference, sometimss tredifl*reDce
Is not more than 15 to 25 pounds in the barrel, but when the salt
has been kepton hsnd for some time, we h ve known t*iT«i 
to fall short fiom 60 to 60 poveds
