April, 1840._______r
A6th Cong......1st Sess.
APPEKUIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39;
Repeal of the Salt Tax—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
!>9. Not a dout't exists with us that the people of this Stale  I
would use greatly mote salt than they now do, if they could get
it cheaper, and of better quality''—[Howard county.
"27. During the last winter, the people were so necessitated
for salt tha> thev wereobli^ed to submit to impositions, and to
purchasesuchasthey could get, at such price as the monopo-
lists chose to prescribe.                               .
28.  It isa very rare occurrence when salt is sold or bar.'ered
for produce. Such occurrences do sometimes happen; but
when saltis given in exchange for produce, it is for an article
which readily commands the cash.
29.  Ifthe people in our part of the countrj could get salt of a
good quality for a less price, we feel assured that the quantity
used would be much increased. Many of sur more experi-
enced farmers are becoming satisfied that the quantity of salt
heretofore given to stock has been too small, and that a more
liberal use of it would contribute much, not only to their health,
but to their improvement. Whilst the present high pi ices of
salt in ihe Western Stales continues, its consumption will be
reduced to the smallest quantity."—[Lincoln county.
"27. See answer 17th (or imposition; their necessities at that
time forced them to submit.
28.  See answer 7th for answer to this.
•29. They would unquestionably use fhe article of salt much
more abundantly; and as ours is properly a grazing and slock-
growing ceuntry, a large supply of the article is necessary for
our support and our occupaikms; would say that the article
should be sold at proper weight and a fair price, in order that
there might be no stinting in the case, as there has been hereto-
lore, owing to the exorbitant price."—[Jackson county.
"27. The people are sometimes entirely dependent on the
agentsof the company for their supplies, and, under such cir-
cumstances, the price is raised in proportion to the necessities
of the people.
23. The company's salt ii sold for cash only. The merchants
frequently exchange foreign salt for produce.
29.  Moie salt would be used if it were cheaper, particularly
for stock."—[Greene county.
"27. We have been compelled at times te take any kind we
could get, and at any price the holders saw proper to ask.
28.  It is never bartered in this section of the countty lor any
kind of produce, but is always sold for ready money.
29.  There would be four times the quantity used in this
county i( it could be got at a fair price, and of good quality."
[Taney county.
"Answer to questions 27 and 28. These two questions I have,
rhink, answered in answering the preceding questions.
Answer to question 29. If saltconld be procured sufficiently
clieap, I would venture to say more than ten times the quantity
now used would be used; the farmer's sheep, hops, cattle, and
horses, (if brutes have sympathies and affections,) would be
astonished and delighted, lo say nothing of the vast benefit they
would derive from the exchange, agreeable to them, and profit-
able to the owner; lor but few farmers can afford to give their
stock any thing like a sufficiency of salt. It is used here more
as an article to keep stock penile, than with the expectation
that the small quantity given will be of any real advantage to
stack. Salt, to be really useful to stock, should be dealt to them
with a liberal hand; in fart, it should be so placed that they
should be able to get it whenever they want it."—[Platteco.
These are quotations enough to show the insuffi-
cient, the f cant, and the slimed supply of salt which
monopolizers allot to the West, and the rigorous
exaction of ready money pay The credit system
does not extend to salt in the Western country; and
the monopolizers, the Bank men, prefer hard mo-
ney. Gold and silver, or its equivalent, is what
they demand!
Mr. B, would make, no further quotations, nor
would he make any commentaries on what he had
read.   He had proved every point in the case: the
monopoly—the suppressed production—the adul-
teration—the false measure—the extortionate price
—the districted distribution—the stinted allowance
—and the establishment of the general and special
agents to reside in the districts, and to enforce all
the   regulations of  the monopolizers.    He  had
proved all this; and proved it to exist in a country
which possessed a free Constitution, and a repre-
sentative form of Government.   He would under-
take to say that there was not anothercountry upon
the face of the globe in which such an abuse ex-
isted, except one, and ihit one he had mentioned in
the commencement of th se remarks: it was the
East Indies—that part of the East Indies which
had been conquered by the arms, and was sub-
jected to the despotism—the iron heaited, moneyed
despoiism-^of the English East India Company.
There, on the banks of the Ganges, and the Indus,
among helpless and depressed Hindoos, a parallel
was found—an exact parallel—to thesalt monopoly
which now prevails on the banks of the Ohio and the
MUsissippi, among the free peop^eof a proud and in-
dependent Government.   Mr. B. said the British
Parliamentary papers for the year 1832, now in
the Library of Congress, contained the authentic
evidence of the salt monopoly in India; and it was
among the curiosities rf the tim< s that, while our
library contained authentic details and elaborate
testimony on the East India monopoly of salt, it
was with great difficulty, and after a most strenu-
ous resistance and protracted opposition, that he
had been able to get the evidence of our own mo-
nopoly printed 1 The order for printing had been
vehemently resisted—resisted for an entire day—
but finally prevailed; and now our legislative ar-
chives will show the history of the American, as
as well as of the Asiatic, monopoly of sal'. The
Senate and the country wi 1 be astonished to see
the closeness of the parallel, and to observe how
identically the spirit of monopoly has worked alike
in the two quarters of the globe, and at such an
immense distance apart. The entire diameter of
the terraqueous globe was between them; commu-
nication and concert was impossible; yet in both
places the dire and fell spirit of the salt monopoly
is the same! its operations the same; its results
the same; its history the same; an account of one
an account of the other, varied only by the change
of names, and the diversity of localities and man-
ners which belong to the two quarters of the globe.
The East India monopoly was brought to the
knowledge of the world in the same manner that
the American monopoly is now brought before our
Congress. Petitions from India went lo London to
lay their complaints before the Parliament, and to
claim redress for their cruel wroBgs. It was in the
year 1832. Parliament appointed a select com-
mittee to hear their testimony; and, from the testi-
mony taken by that committee, I propose to read
the evidence of two of the wilnesses, one a Hin-
doo, the other an Englishman.   This is what they
say:
"Extracts from ihe report of the select committee of the
British House of Commons, on the affairs of India:
1832.
SALT MONOPOLY.
Answers of Rammohun Roy to queries on the salt mo-
nopoly.
Rammohnnltoy, a learned Brahmin pundit from India, was
examined before the committee, and the following are his an-
swers to queries upon the salt monopoly:
Question. Have the poorer classes in India been prevented,
at anytime, from procuring a sufficiency of salt by its high
price?
Answer. As salt has, by Ion? habit, become an hbsolute ne-
cessary of life, tlie poorest peasant* are ready to surrender
everything else, in order to procure a small portion ol thisani-
cle. The dearth of salt is felt by the whole community; and the
people in general are, therefore, obliged to make use of a bad
quality; and few, comparatively, are able to incur the expense
of procuring it in a purer form.
Question. Do you consider salt as necessary to the food of
the natives, and the want of it a great deprivation of comfort?
Answer. The food of the people in Bengal is chiefly boiled
rice, which without salt is a most insipid article.
Question. Do you suppose that a reduction in the price,
and an improvement in the quality, would tend to any very
considerable increase of consumption?
Answer. Salt, being an absolute necessary of life, is now
purchased even by the poorest individuals at the sacrifice of
every other kind of seasoning, and of every kind of food but
rice, the staff of life. If salt were rendeied cheaper and better,
it would greatly promote the common comforts of the people.
I do not know that it would immediately cause a very consi-
derable increase of consumption. But to a certain extent it
Would, undoubtedly; and from its cheapness it would be used
by the people for seasoning the fond of cattle, for which pur-
pose large quantities were used before the Government mono-
poly. The poorer classes, at all events, would not be com-
pelled to sacrifice other comforts to procure it.
Question. To what extent Is the salt of the Bengal monopo-
ly adulterated before it reaches the consumer ?
Answer. The adulteration of salt is carried to an enor-
mous extent by mixing it with one-third, or even one-half,
of earth, until, instead of being like salt, it more resembles the
earthot which it is composed. Persons in comfortable cir
cumstances generally purify it over again before they use it, or
purchase it already refined, often at double the common price;
but the poorer classes cannot afford the expense of either.
Question.   What is the retail price of salt in Calcutta?
Answer. The price of adulterated salt, at the time of my
departure from India, was seven or eight seers for a rupee, or
fifty cents for sixteen pounds, (one dollar and a half per bush-
el.) Puro salt costs fifty cents for nine pounds, (three dollaro a
bushel.)
Examination of Holt Mackenzie, esq.
Question. Ale you of opinion that, if salt of a better quality
could bfc supplied at a lower price to the ultimate consumer, a
very considerable increase might take place in the quantity con-
sumed throughout the country?
Answer. 1 have no doubt at all upon the point. I believe
that many of the natives are very partially supplied with salt,
and that what they do consume has much foreign matter mixed
with it.
Question. What are the circumstances under which salt is
manufactured on the cost of Coromandel?
Answer. It Is manufactured on Ihe coast of Coromandel as
inJBengal, on account of Government. It is produced by solar
evaporation, and at a low price.
Question. In what state is the salt generally sold to the re-
tailer? Is it as pure as when supplied by the Government, or
is it adulterated after it is sold by the Government?
Answer. I have been told that, to increase the quantity,
dirt or «ami is sometimes thrown in.
Question. What is the present amount of the salt monopo-
ly in Bengal?
Answer. It would be safe to estimate it at 1,4 0,000 pounds
sterling, or 7,000,000 of dollars, annually.
Question. Will you inform the committee in what part of
Bengal the salt monopoly is carried on?
Answer. It is manufactured in Cuttack and the mouth of
the Ganges principally.
Qnwüon.  What is the modi of operation?
Answer. There are six manufacturing agencies, which em-
ploy a vast number of people who contract to make the salt.
Question. Is each agency attended by a European salt
agent?
Answer.   By an officer ofthecompanv.
Question.    When the salt is delivered,'how is it disposed of?
Answer. It is can ieil to t he G overnment agencies.
Question. What is the comparative merit of tho two kinds of
salt?
Answer. The value of unboiled salt has greatly increased.
Question. Does not the duty on salt amount almost to a pro-
hibition ?
Answer. It does.
Question.  Is it not limited to a cntain quantity?
Answer. Undoubtedly it is. This is the spirit of all the East
India Company's monopolies. If ihcy were to supply the mar-
ket equal to the demand, ata fair price, one cannot say towhat
extent the consumption would so. The consumption would
be incalculable, by bringing it within the reach of th - consumer.
We see this in coffee, sugar, and every article upon which the
duly has been reduced.
Question. Cansalt.be produced in large quantities on Ihe
Coromandel coa^t?
Answer. "It is naturally produced in immense quantities by
solar evaporation.   It is strong, good, coarse salt.
Question.    How is salt produced in the Bengal provinces1
Answer. By collecting the surface earth, and very often
ploughing the banks of the river to increase the deposite, filter-
ing the water through it, and boiling ihe brine into salt.
Question. How is the East India Company ablv to preserve
its monopoly?
Answer. By a branch of police, under the direction of
the salt agent. On the coaft of Coromandel the salt fornix
by solar ecaporation in large '/nautili's, and the natives are.
forced to destroy it for the purpose of preserving the compa.
ny's monopoly.
Question.   What is the price of salt to the consumer?
Answer. From six hundred to one thousand per cent,
upon first cost.
Question. How was salt ¡manufactured before the mono-
poly!
Answer. Salt pans were ranged parallel to the coast. Into
these the sea was admitted, and salt was formed by solar eva-
poration."
Having read the statements of these two wit-
nesses, thus taken before a select committee of the
British House of Commons, Mr. B. said that those
Senators who wished to see further evidence to the
fame effect, might find it in the British parliamen-
tary papers, now in the library of Congress. Por
himself, he would read no more, but would make
some use of that which he had read. He would
run the parallel, in a few particulars, between the
Asiatic and the American monopolies. He would
compare them at a few poinis; and show the Se-
nate with whatfaithfnl similitude—with what pre-
cise resemblance—the spirit of monopoly conducted
its operations in two regions so distant from each
other, and how exactly they came to the same re-
sults, at the same time, on the two opposite sides of
the globe.
1.  As to the adulteration. The fact of adultera-
tion—wilful, intentional adulteration, for the pur-
pose of, increasing the qnantity—was proved in
both cases. The quantum of adulteration was
proved also to be about the same in each case, and
to be about the one-half. Thus, in the fact, and
in the quantum of adulteration, the two monopo-
lies were on a par; but when we come to the adul-
terating ingredient, the parallel ceased, and the
advantage was on the side of the Asiatics. They
used an innocent ingredient, to wit, earth and sand;
while the American monopolizers used bittern and
lime; poisonous ingredients which promote, instead
of preventing putrescence, counteract the properties
of the salt, and do mischief to the provisions which
are put up with it.
2.  As to the measure. This is proved to be by
the pound, and not by the measured bushel, in
each case. But here again the Asiatic monopoli-
zer is the fairest of the two; be gives 56 instead of
50 pounds of his stuff for a bushel; and be. gives
full weight, not lick weight; he does not compel the
purchaser to take 25 pounds weight of wood for
salt in every barrel; nor does he compel the pur-
chaser to pay for what has been lost by leakage,
dryage, wastage, and exposure to the weather.
3.  In the price. This is proved to be near the
same in both instances. The price for adulterated
salt in the Asiatic monopoly was about $1 50 for
56 pounds: for purified salt, the double of that;
which would bring the price to about $4 50 for
the m«asured bushel of 84 pounds. This would
make the peck cost about $1 12i cents; and ttns
may be assumed to be about the common price
of Kanhawa salt in the greater part of the West.
A dollar a peck!                            _   ...   ,,    ,
4.  In the districted distribution. • la thisth. two
monopolies are proved to be identical.   The Eng-
lish East India Company dlT,de ,hc Tast I*610? of
their Asia into salt districts, just as onr American
