S96
26th Coxg«"'1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Repeal of the Salt Tax—Mr. Btnton.
April, 1840.
Senate.
monopohzers divide out the vast valley of Missis-
sippi. The Doui,dines "f the valt vlivtrats are de-
fined in the two regions; and each district placed
under the care of agenw, w.ih an alione I quantity
of salt to each, «ith orders to sed at prices which
m y be increased according to circumstances. The
orders gi"en to these agents are supreme and abso-
lute. No agent can dis>bev ihem; no power can
repeal them; no tupplicatu ns or remonstranct scau
solien them.
5 In th> suppre<s d produc ion. Here again
the corduct ot the t.vo companies is the saihe;
their object ihj '■ame; the re^u t to the community
the same. No difl'.ret ce between them, but in the
mode of operating, and that difference resulting
Iron  pesmon an! power. The Amercan mono-
polizers opeiaie by the monejtd pnwtr, and With
the aid of banks They borrow mrney and rent
the salt welK to 1 e id e, they pay owners of wel s
not to work ihem; uVy pay other owners not to
open new wells. Thus, am«ng u-., they suppress
the product on, by preven'in¿ the manufacme of
salt. In Asia, the monopolizers operáis by the
military powrr. Hav,ng a standing army at its
command, ihe English Eas- Ind a Cjtrpanv s luK
oat detacbmenN of iroops to c impel ihe na tie- to
f i down to the sea ■>h.orj, ail h're deMny tie
pure salt whici ihe >un ha^ nvi'e ir the ii out oí
the sea wa'«r, and which t ey miiht use a,.nost
without puce and without trouM-. This ren;
destrojed, the whippy , e >p e ma-t then go t > the
company's agent?, an pi-rcia-e i er aduieraeJ
stun* at the rate ot 600 to 1,0.0 per en am prunt
to ih- company.
6.   In iht scant supply. Th s is th- same under
both monopo lex Toe >upply ot salt a owed to a
dtstr ct is alwa\s btlsw ihe wan s of the dis ncr,
in order to lacreas* the demand, to augment the
price, and to coirp-1 the purchaser to take such as
he can get.
7.  In ready money pay. Here again the paral-
lel is comp ete. Tne exact in of morey in hand
f.r salt in equally r g rous on the banks -if the
Indus, the Ganges, and the Burrampo iter, as on
the Ohio, the M s ouu, and the Mississippi. Ti e
credit system has no app'ication to ihe salt trade in
either place.
Such is the «pint of mrnopoly ' Such the work-
ings o1" this fell spun ' Such its enortmi-s and
oppressions! ard that in the most free as well a*
in the mtst enslaved of ctun'ries—in Amer ca a*
well as in Asia—on ihe oppt* te sides of, thp globe
—and at the d'S'ance of tne earth'-, en ire ciameier
apart i and all this in tha n ne'e nth cen ury ' In
an age when people were readme, w¡ih aston sh-
ment, of the monopolie-  which existed in Europe
two hundred year-ag", and exposing the ramaze-
ment ibat.-uch hinvs coald have existed; andjet
not one of which was equal to the enormi us of
the salt monopi ly existing in oar own d-iy, m oar
own country, and under a fuim ot Government
which le^ts upon ihe equally ot laws and rght?.
The peop'e of Ind a,  continued  Mr. B  came
to L"nd> n to «obci , fron ihe Bu ish  Parliament,
the suppression of  tne monopoly which added
and oppress dthera: thp pe. pie of the West appear
at the Dar of ih'-ir own Cor gres- to sc'ic ' s mdar
relief.   They prove up iheir case in tre decumen'
of testiminy wh.ch ha^  been   produced, and of
wh ch'h«> Stnav hss ordered ten thousand cop e>
to be pnn'ed     Not a doubt of ihe trut^ of -he tes
timonycan rema a upon the minds ot  any one; if
it did, tie am >unt  of the  evidence  could  be in-
creased an h ndTd foH.    With this procf in the r
band, the ppop'e of ihe West appear at  your bar,
and   ask   tor rr'ief; n< t by  interfering   w th tne
property of he monopol zt ;  for  with   that Con-
gress has no hin? to do.    It belongs to the Sta e ol
Virginia to regulate a li c<l c< ncem a ihinhor li-
mits; and she might ac.jts \y by thecommun ty, a* d
beneficially for the   propriety r*, to   loliow tfe ex-
amp e of other count es  (jiid even her own m the
case of tobacco, flour, and provisions )andes'ahlish
an inspection over the measure and purity ol sa t
Bach an inspection miKht prove to be as benefi-
cial  to th« owners of ihe  property as to ihe con-
tainers of the salt.    But  that is mt the question
here.   Congress fcas nothing to do with it; it has no
power over the property or conduct of the mooopo-
l'7Prs But it has power over lis own revenue
laws—o er ihe dmy on foieign salt—that duty
without which the mo it polizer  would m vain
c imbme w.th banks, at d in vain tent wells to let
>hem he idle' The duty impede* the imponaiion
of foreign silt; it throws what is imponed into
the hands of regraters it mak-s ihem masters
of the foreign importauon as well ot the domes-
tic producuon; it enables this g gintic monopoly
which bestrides asa colossus the \as' valley of the
Mississippi; it rnabks his co'o s is to p'ant > n- foot
firm'y in the city of New Orleans while the t 'her re-
mains dtep'y rooted on the Kanawha and the Hols on.
This i< «4' the du'y on the loresn pride
does. That duty is the £e;is of the monopoli-
zers It is their shield and protection—the indispen-
sable ally, without which all th^ir ctmbinations
w mid be defective and vaiu. It trees them irotm
competition, the only thi g they dread It frees
(hem from ihe only compel,! on which can
crn'end with them—which can bring them to a
just price, a fair measure, a pine ar'icl , and
a full supplv. The people of the West ask for ihe
abolition of this duly—for the cessation of this pro-
tection to mor opohzers. Th*y ask for a free Hade
in sil , tl at artrc e wh'eh, in thp cata'ogue off um?n
and brute wants, ranks next a t-r 1 read and grass.
T ey avk for free inr:rp^s to the inexh?nstib'e sup-
pVs ol this article, vihuh the Gull of Mex en pre-
sent-a'the mouth t f thur great river, aid wMch
•he Fede a1 ta.t repu «¡ s fntti our shore. Tney
ask ihat sa t may be freed frt m tax and mrnopoly
i'i a country where luxune-. and trifles—silks and
pertum^-.—are iree!
Tais is v hat ihev ask—a free iride in salt, and
no aid to the monopolizers Tnii is their pe-
tition—this the aprhcatoi of the people of the
Wes1. It is csrtam'y a rea-onable request, and
stich, it would seem, as conll hudly Le rp-
po ed, but tipposed ,t i~; cp s=d it has been, and
opposed it wo! be; rnd that with an e ergyard
de-pera'ion which do honor to a bet e' cause. Ne-
ver has any ihi g been remted on ihie íleor w th
more vehement de'ermination than the repral
of the salt tax; and powerful is ihe combina-
tion of ict^re-t an I taent which now nsist it.
The salt manufacturers, the We t rn monop h-
zts, the Northeasttrn fisheries, the authois of the
compromise act, a'l stand together to res st this
repeal; anl they constitute a formidable rpposi-
Hon to my bill. Unfounded, unreasonable, and
uniust as thu opposition is, it is yet too pow-
erful to be contemned. It is able, wuh its combined
strengih and its delusive argument, to obstruct
and impede our attempt, and to keep up an
oliou^ rax, fundamentally wrong in it-elf, and the
p?rent of the heartl-ss monopoly which now ar-
fltc s ihe West. It becomes my duty, as the au-
thor of the repeal bill, to review this oppose on—
to examine its, arguments—to show iheir nulliiy—
and to convince the Senate that such an oppo-
sition and such arguments cught not to be al-
lowed to defeat the great measure which I pro-
pose This review I will nrke; and will exa-
mine in their O'der, and briefly, th? interests and
the arguments which oppose ihe suppress on of the
salt tax.
1, The compromise act, as it i-, called, of 1833.
At he head cf all the elements of opposition to my
bill, stands this act and its authcr-; ih * act which
released luxures from taxation, and left taxfs
upoi necessaries-—which no iwo autlvrities can
c nsirue alike—wn ch reined dutie-> without re-
ducing the drawbacks founded oprn ihem—which
underiake* o tie up the lm- ds of Copetes till 1342,
and lo rcgala'e its crnsiiiut,onaI action afir r«'an's
—which adjourned, without sei 1 ng, ife tariff ques-
t on. This act and ns au hi rs [M s-rs. Clat and
Calhoun] oppos-mybil, at.d pretend it will be
a breach of the con p omise to touch ihe question
before the year 1842. JSTot admi ti> g the sanctity
of that act in any re>pec; pto'estirg agairst its
preten>ions t > inviolabili y; believing it to tethe
most injud ciou?, mcomptehen-ib'e and fau ty act
that ever appeared on the ita'ute b ok, I proceed
to oppose compromi-e to compromise, end to
show ihat ih«re are nol'ss than three so'emn
compromises in favor of the repeal of this odious
taj; the whole of which have thus far been viola-
ted. The first of these compromises was in the
enactment of ihe lawnself, which limited us dura-
tion to tie continuance of the war with Gnat
Britain, ' and for one year thtreajltr, and nolongei."
It was a war tax, lai alter the war was declared
lim'tkdto the war and to one year thereafter; and ex-
cept for this limitation could not have been laid at
ail. The history of the act, as given in the report on
the fishing bounties and allowances revived at
the same nme, and the words of the act lUelf
proves this. The conceding section of the act is
in these wt rds : '• That this act shall continue in force
vntil the termination of the war m which, Ihe United
Siatis are now engaged xcilh Gieat Bii'ain, and
for one ye at theieafttr, and no longer'''' Such was
the ci mpromise on wkich the revival of the
salt dmy was obtained in 1813; but even then
there was a strong opposition to it. Many
sagacious statesmen, opposed at all times to
a salt lax, and knowing how difficu't it was to re-
peal a tix aiter it was orce laid, and how easy it
was to violate the conditions upon which it was
obtained, refustd altogether to vote for n; and pre-
ferred io raise the means for carrying on the war
from taxes rn any thing elfe. Among these was
the venei.ible Mr. Macon, of North Carolina, who
utterly relused to vote for the act—recorded his
name, and li ted his voce, against i!—and de-
cíale I hiv belief Ihat he should never see the lai
re'inqmshed. His fo ebodings were propheiic-
mote than a qnar er of a century has e'aps d since
the termination c f the war, and the tax sull con-
tinúes. It should have ceased in Fehmary, 1816;
for the war terminated in February, 1815; insiead
t'f iha' it is still ¡n force in 1810- Thus, ihe first
comp omre for the cessation of the act, ihe sacred
one u,on which its passage was obtained, has
been v.olated. The second comprom se f< r its
spte ly cessation w as in the act frr its continuation
in the year 1810. Tha' continuance was obtained
to prevent a deficit of §700,000 in the Treasury,
and un il the pub ic landi in Alabama and Missis-
sippi conld be brought into market to supply that
sum. The dorurr.eiiton the fishing bounties and
allowaices proves tr i ; and, at page 24, contains
this statement, in a letter from ihe Secretary of
ihe Trea-ury to the Committee of Ways and
Means of the Hou^e of Repiesentatives. After
giv ng a v ew oi the finances, he [Mr. Crawford]
says: "/i thtitfo't appears that, if the salt tux shall ht
reptaled thire will be a deficit in the revenue of more
than $700,000 annually, until the proceeds of the tales
of the lands in the State of Mississippi and in the Ala-
bama Territory shall be applicable to the current ex-
penses of the Government " Upon th's itaiemenf,
the ¿ct was cont nued, and continued generally,
withi ut rammg how long, tc meet the contingency
of the f. Uhcommg sales of public lands m
the Souih*eit. The sales came on in 1817
and 18 ¡8, ard produced far more than
the $700 000 reqa red; and tne tax sheuld
then laie been discontinued; but ¡t was not;
and here is the breach of ihe second compromise
for ihe ces«at o i t f ihe salt taf. But the contin-
gency did not recur without an attempt to repeal
it: the year 1813 saw iwo such attempts—one m
each House of Congress—and these were defea'ed
from a pair t tic deer e to extinguish, in a bref pe-
riod, ihe na lonal debt which w as ihen drawne so
larje an mt-rest. Mr. Lowrdes, chairman of the
Comm tieecf Ways and Means, made a report in
favor of continuing taxes for ihat patriotic puipcse,
and calculated the n tal extinction of the deot by
the year 1-27. With this vetf he recommended
ihe continuaron of ie\eral taxes, a"d among the
rest that cl ih° duty on silt. Tnis patriotic pchcy
prevs-iled. The attempts to repeal the act failed,
and failed on the «ole ground of keep ng it upun.il
the public deb was paid. That debt has been
paid, not in 1827, as calculated by Mr. Lowndes,
but in 1831, under ihe most g'onous alministra-
lion cf PiesicVnt Jatkson. The debt has been
paid near seven years. President J¿ckson, like
Mr Jefferson, rectimmended the suppre^iin of
this tax in the last year of his administration; y|
it continues: and thus is violated the thirJ
compromise for ihe cessation of the tax. Tbre
compromises to discontinue the tax have been vi-
oUtid; and now a new  compromise, made under
