S98
26th Covg.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Repeal of the Salt Tax—Mr. Benton.
April, 1840.
Senate.
it^ d-nth. Fourthly, I clam for salt a separate act
because, wh a ih ' authors oí the compromise act
iramtd the t serinal "bill, and anaugeil their long
Jx-t oi tree articles—most ot them ar'icles of luxu-
ry, i.nd manx the meiest trille^; when thu was
done, salt was not admit'elinto the favored 1 st.
This famous compromise act gives us a free traJe
in linen , silks, shawK, and cambrics, in camo-
m le flower-, ccnandei seed, and catsup; n es-
sence oí bergimot, aol ctto of roses, in rattan, arid
íeeds; in loitoi e shell combs, anl jumper berries,
and other terries, in. cochineal and opium, in
emcrv, sulphur, boras, oxhorn tips, aqua ioitis,
and larianc acid1-: it gives us a tr'e trade in all
these luxuries at d trifles, and in many o'hers, "too
tedious io «numerar.?," and leaves a ta\ upon salt'
and now the effort is to pi event the salt tax from
being aboh^h-d in a srpaiate b 11, alt-r íe'usmg to
include it in the exemptions of a general law '
Such are the impediments by wh'ch we are met—
such the obs'acles which oppo-e oar progress ' ob-
stacles which extort the exclamation, when wdl th"
proper lime come—what will the proper form
b —to lepeal a salt tax"* Andtotbi  inquiry, ex-
perience and the past, answer, nevi.ii, until the
people take the question into thpir o'vnharcU, anj
nx the tenn for the end of their own wrongs.
5    Protection to th" domes'ic mannlac'ure. This
is a reason urg'd by many to keep up ti e du'}, but
1'ieie are answer-, whith ínvaliiate it. J. Fifty
■.ears of protectee duty has not answered the
purposes of protection—has not given ti the
country an adequate supply of a better and a
cheiper artice. The sa't, ot tte West espe-
cially, is st.l1 h gh in price, and lnftner in quality.
Í2 It has rot produced a supply ol alum sa't at
all; the Western salt works cannot produce i';
no artificial process can ever make it The whole
Westi now dependent and mas' 1 >reierbedepend-
ent on the sea and the sl\' for a supply of this kind
of salt, without wh'ch beef and pork cannot be
pickled, bacon cannot be sent to the South, and
tu'ter becomes rancid. No amount of prctec-
t on can produce a home supply of th's article, and
it is folly and tyranny to try it The We-t must
continue to purchase the sun made sal', cost what
it may, and although the doraes'ic salt should be
lurnisbed gratis 3 If prjlec'ion was ju^t or iip-
cessaiy, ire ght and d s a^ce wou'd give it. The
cential parts of the valley of the Mississippi are
twelve or fifteen hundre 1 mi'es fiom New Orleans;
many pa'ts of the valley are two thousand miles
and upwards from tint port. The transportation
of salt over th s long distance, must be several
t'mes more than its ongiral ccst—mu^t be equal
to a protecting duty of several hundreJ per cen'.
This is sijpic^nt, if piotection can do any good.
A du'ynptn the fore gn silt, in addition to this
expense f trans, orta'ion, can answer no pnrpise
but to fester monopolies and oppre s the con-
sumer 4 Beiles all this, the p'o ecuve pnnci-
p'e is suirendeird by the comprimí c, it is given
up, and, if it was h^ ¡t vould be an outrage to
any legislative body to ask p-o'ect'on for such
manure or--üf *d.H as we have had disclos d in
the evidence. Protection to what? To monopo-
lies ' To d^ad wells—a^u'tcration-^uppressed
production—peck bushels—extortionate price—
distruteJ distribution—ajency ugulatioti—«'intrd
allowance' W)1othermn who MarnI? up anl
demands pio^eiion for such abominations '
6   Th<> C^liu g bonnt e, and allovsai cc , lor the
keeping up of uhch the substiatum oí a sJt tax
is an it dispensable fuundaton. 'Here, sail Mr.
B in ibis strange cbject.on we have the exempl.fi-
rition of the e\ ils ot careless, and e roneous legis-
Jatibn. By an error in the compromise act, and
the previous act reducing the daty en salt, the
strange effect is produced of convert ng the neatest
consumer? of .«alt m'o the supporte's of a -.alt tax
__converting the foriier g'ea'est enene-of  th's
tax ni o its g eatest friend*.' This is the cas  fl( ith
the Northeastern fisheries, the great consumers of
salt, and /onrerly 'he great enemies of the tax
upon it. Th;S int( rest was the first to memorialize
Ccngress against the rait duty fifty years ago; th-ir
Representatives voted unanimously, with the ex-
tcptton ot two vo.ces, for the repeal of the tax m
1807, they vcted nea-ly  unanimously against the
tempoiary revival of the duty, as a war tax, in
1813, now they are for it; and this strange convei-
sion is the effect of our own faulty and vicious
legislation, inreJucing duties, ai,d no* reducing tne
drawbacks depen lent upon them. The fishing
bounties and allowances are a drawback of the
salt duty—a drawback of the duty panl by the
fishermen on that part of their fish which should
be expoi ted from tne United S'ates and be ng a
drawback, there was no profit attending it so long
as the drawback and the du'y were the sirne. But
these have tVea rendered unequal by the blunders
of recent legislation, the duty is reduced two-thirds,
wlu'e the binn'ies and allowances remam «hat
the/ were! Thus a tax has become a profit' two-
thirds of these bounties and allowances have become
clear gams, next year all will be clear gun; and
the yearatier, the whole salt revenue of the Unioi
will be insufficient to pay the drav tack upon it'—
a drawback it will be, with a \engeinc?, when it
takes all, and more too, to pay it' Far from being
a reason for keeping up the ^alt duty, these boun-
ties and allowances, and especially iheir present
condition, are among the strongest reasons lor sup-
pressing it. By the fault of our legislation, they
have ceased to bs drawbacks, and have generated
in o naked bounties—gratuities—out of the Trea-
sury—the ne plus ultra of the proteclive system'
This is a state of thiiizs w h eh neither the Constitu-
tion of the country, nor justice to the community,
can tolerate. National bounties were proposed by
Genera! Hamilton, and attempted to be justified on
the "general welfare do-írtne," but they have been
scouted as equally unconstitutional and injudicious;
and, until now, in the case of lhe-,e fisheries, not
a voice has been heard in favor of national boun-
ties since General Hamilton's leport in their behalf
was overruled by the country near fifty j ear> ago
Theiecnt reason which has been invente 1 for
bol-terini up these bounties to the fisheries, that
they are in a depressed state, and cannot be kept
up, to tram mariners for the navy, itniecs by the
aid of national bounties, is as unfounded in fact,
as thty are unconstitutional in law, and injudicious
in practice. These fisheries are not in a depressed
slate, but in the most prosperous condition of aDy
branch of industry in the Union' This is a fact
about which there will no longer be two opinions.
The report of the recent committee of the Senate
on the salt dut.es and the fishing bounties and al-
lowances, settles this point, and settles u forever.
Here is an extract from th  report, i( unded on au-
thentic data, which must carry conviction to every
mind
' 1 As to the depreb el ami sufleiing«tate of these fisheries
^elytar fiom that condition is their aitual state, anil that'is
su  eptib'e ol prool which admits oi no contestation 'the
pro fciira-- fiom the tisheiv i sell—from its ov.n returns of Kb
own bootless In the veai 1 s.7, the ¿--sensors of each town in
tlio tjute of Moss.achiis.etls were required, by an act of ihe Le
i,i_iatuie, to make letuin to the Secretaiy of the Common
we ilth olall thebrai chts of the manulactuung mdustiy of the
*>'ale, particularly racing the arnoim' of capitil invested m each,
the number ol pen-ons employed and its annual product The
ie*iiin i.ecessirilvcompichendedthe fisher s, and exhibited the
(nllnving insult Iji the Statt
1 lshery, (wnale, cod, and
mackeiel 1
Oil    define t   whale and
other oil )
Value
Hands em     Capita) m
ployed          vested
$7,Gi">2'J0      2U,lbs
2,030,321  I          11"
S4ÜJ2H1  1      '0 U)
lji.I1 37s
'  i c i 13 Me biat of tile Mdb H.Ü i • ' tiritones' L/lo,eupon
u i ir.ll ns of 0 ill n upon 11 if itil of le s th n loi i eon m
li n- managed by twenty Ihoii^ml p r=on«, anil tin  loi the.
luhiu- s asoii (so fai as eod a id m ickeiet ate i ipcemed) ot
three and a hall oi lour months The proceeds arr rn.ji $y\\
foi li «-. than the thud of i «o!ai jeai, to each hand i mploved
They are a' the rate ol above sixty por centum mi ti e capital
lines ed, and that foi hrer immhs an i i lull, lea\?in-, the lis,!
ermi n (exec, it die w'l deis) th. othn et 'lit inou hs anda hall I
Oie year to pursue other a\or uion , both them^eH e-* and their
s. nps Vnd this i& to be ui'le t a depressed and «irfierm^ bu-
siness, only to be kept alive by Tieasury donations annually
iluLd out to it' Compile it with anv bianch ol T-iictiltuidl
industry in nthn paiN of the TTnion—v ith tie ob icco crop
ol ihc-wh >le 1 une ' S Ttes,wi'h all the capital invested, anda'l
'he hands employed in the proluetion of that ciop and y eldin"
nniiill/ an expo tibie nine of about seven or emht millions
ol dolíais < omparethe fisheries,even tho^eof Mas aehu e ts
alone, with the condition ol thi3 great sta| le, oi any utlei gieit
stipleol thesSouthein, VVesKin, and Middle Siatt , make this
cjinpanson and n will be sem that the fibhenesarc m i state
ol pro'penty linmeasinably above them Passing fiom the
gross pioiluct of the fisheries ol Massachusetts to detailed
Btalements confined to rod and macker-I, and li will be seen
that, in many places, the resulti aie still more favorable than
thea\erage ol tliegroa" aniount would gnc    Tluf, for iius
ton, at page 2 of the repoit, the rod and maiktiel fishery jt
that plat e, independent ol the while branch ol the bUsilleSb b
thus stated                                                                                  '
" \ e^e's employed in tlie cod and mackerel fisliei>,lV, ton
naee ol sime 97Oí, codfish caught, 127 2"0 quintals, valup
theieol, f 1IIS,')(I9 Of), mackerel caught 42 2M> bairels value o|
the sime, SJ"20,Ui5, salt Used in the cod and mackreel fishery
11\"jOy bushels liando emp'ojed 179), cip¡ al investí I
fcó'H 200 '
"Here is a result, in some partii ni ir=¡, more striking than the
cuiss statement Acapmlofle s tl an r'lDOOi yields a pro
duel m les, than foul month ol t kul ti i i 17 '0 00U, arid di
vides, loi that lime, upwards   I    1' i) to each han 1 enaijtdinit
"Atrain at pige li!, the followi g is found, undei the head of
Don htsiei
" ' \ e-.seU employ edm the cod mil nnr' ei'l fshet-i 10, ton
nage of the same 1,OTO—cot h<-h cineht, '< 000 quintals y due of
the same s,2">,0 Kl—maeki  el taii.ht, r>,000 barielt.  yileeolthe
sami, S3Í0PO— alt u e i in the e 11 ill maekeiel i hi ¡y, 2U0'K!
bus-I tl-,, handi employed, lis. cap1 ' invented, v. jf) I li n.i >
' ileie, a 'am, is a result lai exceeding t le piotiNol ,>ny agri
cu tmal buaiiiei a capital of S'-UOOO yii 11« tejilOOU m iJUi
montlis ' 123 hands avei i:xe i diy derrt ofcls-l each '
' One more mst nice anil the commute! will cea e thisexami
nation Tu y deferring to the \olum° i oe I, in thehbraiy ol
• "in-iess, loi the unp'e detn's vv ne i | i \r I ie-,e fishenes to
be quite n lepindint of nitiu i !> untie ) tike the town ot
Gloucestei, (oi the paiticulai reason tl at it h s lately b en tl e
scene of some excitement in lelation to the s,alt duties and die
fishing bounties and alio vanees, and hi s n' memouals to
Congress to arrest tlen leped At [ ige ') of the same leport,
the eod and mackerellishery ofthiotown, exclusive oltheyvna1 
fish  ry ol the same place, is thus stated
"Veo^els employed in thecoI and nuciere! fishery,C21 ton
naae ol same. °.,S24 codfish caught, r1 HI quintal" value ol
same, SHbolb, mackerel caught, Hiijt banel", value ol
same $JJoobo, ba't u^il m tic eod i d maekei* I hshei),
113 760 hu«li lb, hands emp'oyed, l,r 0, cafital invested,
4349 000'
'Thib gives, upon a capital of £3^^000, a pioduct of atiou
S")22010, and a dividend of abmt 8330 to th< hand and all this
loi a business pursued frim three anda hat' to loiu months in
the year'
' Half a dozen othei to yns,t,ikenat random,and lnmttdto the
cod and mackerel fUheiy, jive  In I ilhvvmj letulu
Toyvns
capital    i Value
Plymouth
Bains table
f'hitham
Eis bam
Oilcans
Welllleet
«79 500
16 200
11200
10 770
JjllKl
-b ^7
"I '( 0
ill 110
11,10)
1-J,/0U
Hands I     ¡salt
I Cuslie)
101
1 h
'I!
-II
1 (
o5,400
(j,95U
l1-1,17
(> 1 II
• 1 000
."9,350
"Thecomun'tee pursue this inquiry no faither, the re'Ult
given are sutiicient to bhoxv that tlie fisheries are doint, well—
fai better than any branch ofagn ul'ure, and tint yvhat they
want from the Goi eniment is a <ie>- trade in   ah '
This, continued Mr. B. is the state oí the li'-he-
ries, incomparably more produc'ivc than any other
branch of national indusiiy, and the very last to
cla'm a bounly to sustain t^em. They are now
pros.peroii'}, and ha\e been regularly imptoving
with the increase ft the home niP'kti, ot which
the} have the exclusive -uppU T1 e\ i o v ha/e
the monopoly of the market ¡or ce 'en u n mil'ions
of people—a people doubling their numoeio eve'y
twenty five jtar^ This monopoly ' thej true
cause of their great and grow ns ptotp-n y; ant',
while in pof-esMinoi such an advantage let them
not ask for bounties in addition to monopoly T"
do them justice, many oí them do ro'. Th*
owners ol the vesseh, «ho nny be ordinary mer-
chant'-, are the chief stickler - fot bcnn'!^, be-
cause ihey get three eighlhs a p ece, vhi'o thp
whole crew get but hve-e gMhs amor g ih' in Sal',
free trom duty, and consequently a' less thin halt
its p-esent price, with good markets foi th°ir fHi,
is all the fishermen need, and tlm let thtm have.
When he had finished answe"'ng the objectioni
to the repeal of the salt duty, Mr. D -ad thef
were rurr.erous arguments ¡nfi- r í i'ic repeal,
of dti urgent and peculiar na nre, not stated or
impliel in hi« pievio'is r-Ta'ks, a ten ot which
he would pre ent to the feena ". A .oiling a repe-
tition oí vhat he had alrcc' !y pTs.-nted, he would
confine him<-t'f to ihe pecului rra^ens to which he
had alluded, and, pat mg oyer e  ch one with all
possible brevity, he would claim, foi what h" said,
the atlention a il e n^iderat on w b ch wa due to a
suljfct rising abovtf al! party con-ideiatioiis—con-
nected wiih no poli'ic-—aril-e'elv dn-cel to the
good of thec.untry.
1. At the head of the e reasons, le p'acsd the
great consideration ot the full use ot salt fir the
s'ock ol the "Western countr}, tor the bo-S"s, ca'tle,
swine, and bhe p of the G i at West Stock was
inort? or less valuab'e m every pirt of the Un on;
but in the West, and espacia ly o 'he upper halt of
the val'ey ot the Mississippi, u was a mam «"iirce
of mdiv.¿ual and rf ra'ional weal h, and was en-
tn'ei to every_ai i wheh wcu'J promote and in-
crease its value.    Evtiy p.r oa  knov;  fiat silt
