f
April, 1840.              __
S6th Conq.—'Ist Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Repeal of the Salt Tax—Mr. Benton.
390
Senate.
was indispensable to the well-being of stock m all
countries, and especially in those which, being far
fro"\ the sea, have not the benefit of saline dews
on the grass; snd where, consequently, all their
green lood is fresh and watery.   Evay person
knows this; still it is only in England, France, and
Holland, and some other European countries, that
learned societies, enlightened men, and practical
farmers, have piosecuied a course of experiments
to ascertain the full benefit of a free use of salt in
rearing slock.   In these countries a ssnes of expe-
riments for more than half a century, have esta-
blished the fact that a fu.l use of salt will make a
difference of from one third 10 one half, in the va-
lu« of stock; that food for stock can be made to go
nearly twice as far when welUalled; that the health
and growth, the Caver, the flesh, milk and butter,
and the fineness of the rnir and wool, and the gene-
ral improvement of the whole animal, are wonder-
fully promoted by it; and that no animal will take
too much when  leli to its own will; and that all
shou'd be allowed to take as much as they please.
The agncuhural books of the countries I have
mentioned aie full of facts and evidence to this ef-
fect, part of which may be seen in the salt docu-
ment printed by the order oi the Senate at the last
stsyon    A recapitularon, or even a leference, to
the * important details, is  impossible in a speech;
but there is one species of stock, the condition of
wh'ch in the United States is se far behind that of
o her countries, that a quotation in relation  to it
may be tolerate!, even towards the end ol a long
speech. 1 speak of sheep; and ot the effect which a
free use of salt producís upon the health and growth
ot the animal; upon its fattening; upon the flavor of
its flesh; and upon the qualify of its wool.   I quote
from Young's Annuls; a name which is only to bs
pronounceJ in un agricultural circle to awaken re-
spect anl command attention; and I take the ex-
ample which he has drawn from one of the south-
ern provinces of France.   He says:
"In the jurisdiction of Arle, in the county of Provence, there
is a district cailed the Ciaw, extending in length about six
leagues, and m breadth about three, the whole surface of which
is covered with small rough stones, and not a tree or bush to be
eeen in the whole district, except here and there upon the bor
ders, yet on this Bpot, so seemingly sterile, by the free use of
•alt, more numerous flocks of sheep aie bred and reared than
upon any other common, of equal extent, throughout the whole
kingdom And what is no less remarkable, the sheep are heal-
thi r, hardier,and endure the seventy ol winter will) less loss—
though they have fewer sheep cots for covering them—than
those bred and fed on moie copious pastures; and, besides, they
have not the advantage of more convenient shelter Add to this,
that the wool of the flocks bred ai.d brought up m the Craw is
not only the finest in the whole country, but bears the highest
pnce of any in France From hence he concludes that it is to
the unlimited use of salt that these surprising effects are to be
ascribed, for it frequently happens that the Craw is so burnt up
in the summer that the poor animals are forced to turn up the
very stones to come at the few blades of grass that grow round
them, and yet none perish for want of food Let every excel
lence, therefore, that can reasonably be supposed inherent ¡n
the herbage, bs allowed to it, yet the quantity of it is so small,
that, without the abundant use ol salt, a fourth part of the sheep
kept in the Craw could not subsist in it
' But, as a still further demonstration that thv  astonishing ef
fea is solely tobe attributed to salt, we have (says the writer) in
languedoc, on the bttrdcrs of the Khone, a spot of the same
kintf of stony land, in every res¡ ect simi'ar to that of the Craw,
yet, for want of the free use ot salt, that in Languedoc does not
maintain the tenth part of the number of sheep that are brought
up in the Craw, though in other rettpects it is no ways inferior—
their wines and other /ruits produced in the borders of both be
ing, u their goodaea and other essential qualities, equal "
Such, continued Mr, B is the testimony of an
English author on thrs point, so important to agri-
culture. The testimony of a French author, of
the highest celebrity, which Í will super dd, may
be read With profit and pleasure by the statesman
and the farmer. Who is there, in the literary and
scientific world, who has not heard of Ciiaptai,,
that eminent chymist and amiable roan, created
Count of the Empire and Peer of Franco by the
great Napoleon, not for feats of arms or policy,
but for the application of the greatest talents to the
most q«eful aflairs of mankindl Who has not
heard of this great man, and will not receive with
attention his opinions upon the impolicy of a salt
tar, and the benefits to a nation from a free use
of salt in agrculture7 I flatter myself that I ren-
der a pleasure to all enhshtened and candid minds
by quotmg therto: and this is what he says in one
of his mo t useful works—"Introduction to Chy-
mistry applied to Agriculture"—a wo'k in which
the highest results of seience are brought down to
useful appl cation to the affaire of life, and in
which instruction is imparted lo the laborer in ihe
field, and to the statesman in the legislative hall:
** "In order to realize all the evil which results to agriculture
from the duty upon salt, it is sufficient to know the extensive
advantage arising from its emplov nient
' Salt is of th  utmost importance to all rummatingammali,
increasing their relish for the lnspul food, exciting the action of
their membraneous and weak stomachs, and pieventing those
obstructions of the intestines which are produced by the use
of dry forage during the winter It is generally observed that
thoie animals are preferred in the market, which have been
habitually fed upon saline plants, and iliat their fies i is of a
superior quality There is no farmer, who has not been ab'e
to see the difference, at the close of a winter between those
animals which have received their supply ot salt and
those that have been deprived ol it, the first are well shaped,
large, and fat, their hair is ¿ios<¡y, their eyes lively, and their
motions prompt and firm, the second present images of suffer-
ing and misery, the sheep have lost nearly all their fleece be
fore shearing time, and that which remains is falling from
them in lock", the neat cattle are lean and«uckly, their organs
of digestion are impeded in their action, and it is only after
having browsed the juicy heibage of spring that they recover
their health
" During the time that salt was freed from any impost, (in
France) the use of it in agnculturp became each year more
extensive, it was mixed with manures to increase their activity,
it was spread at the roots of trees to reanimate their languish
ing powers of vegetation, and the quantity of salted provisions,
both for market and for home consumption, was much, in
crease I
"The impost upon salt is to agnculture a real calamity,
sine  it has laken tro-n it many of its sources of prosperity,
and at the sime time the public Treasury has received no ad
vantage from the tax, equal to the miury which it has inflicted
upon agriculture '
2 Passing from the subject of stock, Mr B.
said another of the peculiar reasons against a salt
tax wat in its mcqual ty; that it was the most un-
equal tax in the world, fallal* m the most unjust
proportions on the different parts of the community,
and with its greatest weight upon the most men o-
nous part, and the part least ab'e to bear it. It
fell upon the farmers, who hand'e little money,
and not tipon the merchants and bankers, who
handle much It might safely be sai 1 ihat a We it-
em farmer, wi h half a seciion of land, and a
small stock, paid more salt tax than Stephen Gi-
rard did with his fifteen mil'ions ot dollars in mo-
ney. This is perverting all the principles of taxa-
tion, and should not be tolerated in a free country.
3. The drawbacks allowed to the northeastern
fisheries, as a return of the duty paid on the fo-
reign salt used in curing fish, was the third oí the
peculiar reasons urged by Mr. B. for the total re-
peal of the duly. It was a gross injuslice, he
said, to all the other classes ol consumers of the
article; an injustice to the curers of beef and ro k,
and to the lake fi herie* of the Ncrthwes*; ard to
the bay, river, soui d and gulf fl.henes oí the At-
lantic coast, and of the South. All these classes had
as much right to the drawback as the Northeastern
fisheries; and up to the year 1807, the baef and
pork curers enjojed it in the same degree with the
cod and mackerel fishery. They still had a right
to it in point ot justice, and were only omitted in
the act of 1813 because of its limite 1 and tempora-
ry character Farmer* and Ihe other fisheries had
an equal niht to his drawback, but a universal
drawback would be absurd. belter that no one
should pay i) th^n that every ore should draw
back what he paid; and this was precisely what he
[Mr. BJ aimed at. To elucidate this point, and
to show the injustice and partiality of ihe salt tax,
Mr. B. here read a paragraph frcm the report on
the fishing bounties:
"The third answer to thisobjeclion i«, that, if it were both ne
cc=sary and constitutional to eive national bounties to the cod
and mackerel fishery, it would he unjust to do so, without ex-
tending the same bounties to other branches of American fishe-
ries, and to the salted provision trade of ihe United States This
is a dear and indisputable p oposition With respect to fishe-
ries fifty jears ago, when the bounties and allowances began, we
had none of any consequences but those in the Northeast,
since that time the fisheries of I ale Superior, and other north-
western lakes, have been developed to stieat ad-antage Those
ofthc bays an 1 livers ot the At'autic boari' (ti c Delawaie and
Chesapeake bays, the P tomac river, the Albemarle sound,
and other places) have ri«en to a high degree ol lmjioitanrc,
exporting something, and furnishing a large quantity offish (or
home consumption Flonda, too, has been acquired bince that
time, and, round thesliores of that peninsula, the fisheries, now
carried on by Spaniards from the West Indies, promise to be as
valuable, in proportion to their extent, as those of Newfound
land Such is the opinion of Genertl Jesup formed in a two
yews' service in that quarter, and expressed in a letter which
has been printed among our documents Allihese fisheries
consume salt—much «alt— and all of it foreign, which has paid
duty to the Government, and the cost of which is increased by
the duty far beyond the amount of the duty itself All these
have the earn  claim to bounties and allowances with the North-
eastern fisheries; and the postponement or denial of these
claims cannot be expected if the allowances are continued to
others. To the beef and pork trade, the cessation of the bounty
on exportation, which they formerly enjoyed in lieu of a draw
back of the salt duty, has been particularly lnjuuous, and can-
not be expected to continue in one case w itnout being restored in
the olher The fust act that ever laid a duty on salt (that of 1789 )
and every subsequent one until 1807, gave the same bounty to the
exporter of beef and pork whu h was ¡rranted to fish The amount
ofihebiunty was the duty paid on a bushel of salt for earh
bairelofbeef or pork, which was the same that was allowed to
a barrel of pickled and a quintal of dued fish This continued
until the repeal of the first «¡alt tax, in 1807 Up to that time,
the farmer and the fi herman were equally the object of all ti c
bounty laws At the revival of the salt tax, in 1813, they part
ed company—doubtless because the act was of a temporary
Character, and was constantly expeutd to terminate It has
not yet terminated, and the disadvantage to the farming inte
rest has already been great Of beef and pork, the exporta-
tion is greater now ihan ofhsh, const pientlv ,he bounty should
begreatei, jet these two products oí airricultuie receive no
thing, while th  fisheries annually receive $320 000 The total
amount received by the fishe íes since 1789 and much tie
largest portion of it bince the revival of Ihesalt duty in 1813, «
about $7,010 C00 Computed in bushel-, of salt, as this allow
anee is computed in the annual Ireasury reports, and it
amounts to near fifty millio is ol bushel*' In other words, (ho
fisheries have received 50OOJalOO bushels of suIt fiee or duty,
while the ftimers have not o ily ] aid duty on all that they
Consumed, hut, in the West h iv e been subieetcd to the abusis
of a heartless monopoly Thefisheues are now actually re-
ceiving a diawbac'  which rtpicscn s nine than 3000000
bushelsot iree salí while the laim is n t only pay the duty,
but. in consequent of the duty, aie, in a huge section of ü e
Uni m, subjected to a heartless mont puly, and all this undei a
constitution which guaranties the i quality of taxes, and under
a Government wheie their own Representatives makes the
laws' Such a state ofthines must cease Ihetarmers havea
right to be restored to the bounties in lieu ol di iwback, winch
they formerly enjoved, but asa general drawback of duty in
favor of all consumera would be idle and absurd, as it would
leave nobody to pay, the true remedy is, to make all even, m
the first instance, by abolishing the tax, and thus sweeping
away all claims md pretensions fiom all classes of consuméis
for any return of duty in any shape whatsoever "
" 4. The fourth of the pjculiar effects which a
salt fax produced on the article to wh ch it applied,
to which Mr. B. would advert, was in its perni-
cious- influence over importations and puces. Du-
ties upon other articles only affected impor'ations
and puces in some reasonable proportion to their
own amoont; but in the ca^e ot s>a't, this influence
was out o'all proportion to ihe quantum of the
tax; and the reasons we e ihet>e. In the first place,
salt was seldom imported as an article of merchan-
dite for profit, but merely for ballast; and to tax
one species oí ballast, was to discourage its intro-
duction, and to cause another kind to be substi-
tuted. Thus, stones, and even heavy wood, were
now used by many ships Lt a lo>=, which would
prefer salt if free from duty. Tne olher reason
was, in its influence upon the price. Every body
could see the price of the article m ihe seaport
towns, and that it was usually forty or fifty cents a
bushel; that is to sav, thiee times the cost of Li-
verpovl, five times the cost of West Iod'a; eight
times the cost of Sparu.h and Por uguesp, and ten
to fifteen times the cost of the Mediterranean and
Adna'ic salt. This was an increase of price out
oí all proportion to Ihe duty, re ulting from l's
falling into ihe hand* of intermediate dealers wht 
advance the duty for the importer, ergross the arti-
cle, and then put up ihe pries ef the whole lo the
highest mark. Mr. B. s -id ihat Sena ors deceived
themselves when they undertook to siy the duty
on salt being six cents a bushel, it only added six
cents to ihe cost. Tlvs was a grfat error, and ar-
gued a want of practical information on the sub-
ject. All duties add more than their amount to
the cost of the article- The seller must have his
profit upon his whole outlay—upon the cost—the
duty—and all the expenses This was the ca?e in
alíameles; but id respect of salt, the «fleet was
what had been >-hown—an increpe of piica out of
all proportion to the amount ot ths duty.
5 The diain of specie (Mr. B. iatd) was
another of the peculiar evi's of the salt trade
in the West. It was there a ready money
business, and a hard money business All the
tesfmony in the salt d'cument, No. 196, proved
this fací. All over the "West, ready money,
and hard money, or its equivalent, was ex-
ac ed fcr sa t. The credit system did not ex-
tend lo it; nor did the barter system reach if. It
could not be obtained, like other meichandise, on
a credit of sime months, nor in exchange for pro'
duce. Money in hand,«nd good money, was the
word. The cons-quence was an immense drain
upon the West for gold and silver, amounting to
several millions of. dollar* per annum, and cons'i-
tuting one of the powerful causes which shake the
banks and derange tbs currency cf that region.
If a free trade in sa't was allowed, all this
would  be    altered.     Salt would   be like   any
