46*
26th Cono... 1st Skss
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¿Ippropr ation Bill—Mr. Steenrod.
April, 1840.
H. of Reps.
one who has been selected by a great party in this
country as the candidate for the second office with-
in toe gitt of the people: one who migh* be sup-
posed to be the exemplar of the opinions and prin-
ciples of this party—no other personage than Go-
vernor Tyler, of Virgtnia. Wnat did he say on
fatssobject, in a speech delivered in the House of
Representatives on the 6'h of April, in the year
1819, when tbe report referred to was under consi-
deration'   He said-
"There remains now but one branch oF inquiry
with ih ise who do not think the creation of this cor-
poration an unconstitutional act, viz   Is it expedí-
dient to direct a scire facias, or, in other word-, to
pat down this corporation?    I contend   that   it is.
For one, I enter my protest   against  the banking
system as conducted in this country—a system not
to be sapported by any correct principles of p >litt-
cal economy; a gross delusion, ihe dream of a vi-
sionary—a system which has done more to corrupt
he morals ot a society than any thing else, which
has introduced  a   struggle for  wealih,  ins'ead of
that honrrable struggle which governs t^e acticDS
of a patriot, and makes ambition virtue; which has
made the husbandman spurn his cottage, and intro-
duced a spirit at  variance with   the simplicity of
our institutions.    I call upon  the warm advocates
of banking now to surrender their errors.   Shall I
take them by the hand, and lead them through our
cities?    Bankruptcy meets us at every siep; ruin
stares us every where in the face.    Snail I be tul t
of the benefits arising to commerce from the con-
traction of caprai7   Away with the delusion. Ex-
perience has exposed its fallacy.   True, for a mo-
ment, it has operated as a stimulus;  but,  like ar-
dent spirit, it has produced activity and energy but
for a moment: relaxation has followed, and tne tor-
por of death has ensued.    When ycu  first   open
your bank, much bustle eniues: a factitious god-
dess, pretending to be  wealth, stands at  the door,
inviting all to enter and  receive accommodation;
splendid palaces arise; the ocean is covered with
sails: bat some alteration in tbe state of the country
takes place; and when the thoughtless adventurer,
seated in the midst of his family, in the imiginary
enjoyment of permanent security, sketches out to
himself long and halcyon days, his prospects are
over^hidowed, and misery, ruin, and bankruptcy
make thfir appearance in the form of bank cuitail-
ments. If this be true, and I appeal to the knowledge
of alt men for its truih, I demand to know if you
can put down the system  too soon.    Can we too
soon e«ape the  dangers with which we are sur-
rounded?    I know I shall be told that, even if we
put down this bank, the State banks will still exist.
Even if true, the position is not a justifiable one.
If the Sta'e Legislatures do not follow the example
which we set them,  we shall have acquitted our-
selves of our duty.   It is all that can be asked of
us.    But, sir, we actually possess the lever of Ar-
chimides, and have a foot ot ground on  wh ch to
rest it.     Our revenue  amounts   to  upward   of
$20,000,000 annually.    Require a fourth, or even
a sixth, to be paid in gold and silver—what would
be the efTec?    The merchant would collect the
notes of banks, and demand specie for thera; and
thus a test would be adopted by means of which to
ascertain the solvency of each institution.   The de-
mand of specie thus produced would have the be-
neficial effect of introducing more of it into the
country; for money is like every other article, and
will find its way to the market where it is most
wanting.   The system might be enlarged gradually
un'il your wishes should be consummated.   1 know
the ground I occupy when I urge thece considera-
tions  upon you.   A man jegardful alone of the
fleeting and ephemeral popularity of   the   hour
would hesitate impressing them upon you.   But I
should  not  hold  myself entitled to your counte-
nance, Mr. Chairman—to the countenance of ho-
nest m«n—ir, what is still more important, the ap-
probation of my consc ence, if I could be operated
on  by such motives or fear*.    Pardon me for still
further extending this  inquiry.   There are three
parties interested in   the question which  we are
called on to decide: the stockholder, the debtor, and
tbe Government.   I contend that it is to the inte-
rest of the honest stojkholder  to put down this
bank."
Governor Tyler, then, the candidate of the
Whig party, the acknowledged exponent and repre-
sentative of the principles of this party, may "pro-
test against the bankm? S3stem," asihen conducted
in the country, as ' a syste n not to be suppoited
by any correct pnncip'e-. of political economy—a
gro-s delusion, the dreim of a visionary," as "a
sy->t°m which has done mnie to corrupt tne moral*
oí society than any thing e se," whom3y condemn
the bank curtailment as the cau*-e cf "m.seiy,
ruin, and bankruptcy," who may advance the doc-
trine ihat the Federal Government, "by means of
collecting its revenue in gold aty3. H.ver, would no*
only be a test to ascertain the solvent banks, but
the beneficial effe-c's of introducing more of it inti
the country " Governor TyhSr can advance tiese
opinions, and commend hunjse'i to ihe high and
favorable considerauon of his party; but when the
Chief Magistrate of this Republic, whose duty it is
to recommend such measures as the public interest
may require, advances andieccmmend* those prin-
ciples, it is charged h re as a most inexcu>ab'e and
damning one ce against the banks, and the Adnii-
ei tration is denounced as endeavor tig to redace
the wages of labor, and restore the cjuntry to ?n
exelusue metallic currency.
[Mr. Wise here wi hrd his colleague [Mr. S j 'o
infjrm him where he could find the speech reri ned
to, and was understood to endorse it as containing
sound Democratic pnncip'es.j
Mr Steenrjd congratulated his eol'eague on his
conversón to those principles, and pronounced
them the principles of the Republican party, and
informed Mr. W. where he cou'.d find the speech
rererred to.
[Mr. Wise said he did not endorse these princi-
ples, and proceeded to define his op mons on the
subject at some length. He said his former course
would show thai he had invar ably condemnel the
banking system when it was excessive, and, if his
colleague would refer to the Debates of Gales and
Seaton, he would see that he had made i regular re-
port against eighty or ninety of those institutions for
excessive issue, and his party had gone with him.
At the same time, he said he did not blame the
banks for the causes under witch we now labor,
but he thought the policy of the Adm initiation
was much lo blame, and refeircd to the removal of
the deposites ]
Mr. S. resumed. I will, then, Mr. Chiirman,
oppose the op n ons of my colle?gue [Mr. Wise]
with another authority—a certain " wise man ot
the East,'' one who, it is whispered, is soon to be
left in the other end if thu Capitol as the prominent
defender of the banking institutions of the country.
Yes, sir, when that setting luminary that is now
1 ngering in his leave, and awakening so many
thrilling reminiscences of the past, when he pro-
mised to be the barbmgrr of a brigh'er and better
day, and cheered the hearts and quickened the hopes
of his numberless admirers; when this 'e"tng lumi-
nary shall repose his blazing axle in tne cooling
shade of his own beautiful Ashlan 1, the gentleman
whom I now quote from as authority, will not only
be the star in the a^endaot, but the pre-eminent
champion of ihe banks and the bankers, It is the
authority of the S*nator from Massachusetts [the
Hon. D. Webster ]
Mi. S. then read from Mr. Webber's speech of
1824, as follows:
" The paper system of England ha 1 cei tainly communicated
an artificial value to property It had encourageJsoeculation,
and excited overtrading When the shock, therefore, came,
and this violent pressure for money acted at the same moment
on the continent and in E lgland, inflated and u inatural prices
could be kept up no longer A reduction tookpHcc, which his
been estimated to have been at least equal to a fall of 30, if not
40 per cent The depression was universal, and the change
was fe't in the United States severely, though not equally so
in every part of them Thnre are those, 1 am aware, who
maintain that the events to which I have alluded did not cause
the great fall of puces, but that latí was natural and inevitable,
from the previously existing state of things, the abundance of
commodities, and the want of demand But that would only
prove that the effect was p oduced in another way, rather than
bv another cause If these great and sudden calls for money
did not reduce prices, but prices'fell, as of themselves, to their
natural state, still the result is the same, for we perceive that,
after these new calls for money, prices could not be kept longer
at their unnatural height
"About the time of these foreign events, our own bank sys-
tern underwent a change, and all these causes, in my view of
the subject, concurred to produce the great shock which took
place m our commercial cities, and through many parts of the
country The vear 1819 was a year of numerous failures, and
very considerable distress, and would have furnished far bet-
ter grounds than exist at present for thn gloomy representa-
tion of out condition which has been presented Mr Speaker
has alluded to the strong inclination which exists, oi has exist-
ed, in various parts of the country, to issue paper money, as a
piool of gieat etiSLinguifficulties I legard it rather as a very
productive cau e of those difficulties, and the committee will
not fail to observe that there is, at this moment, much the loud
est complaint ot distress precisely wheic there has been the
gieatest attempt to relieve it by systems of paper credit And,
on the other hand, contení, prosperity, and happiness, are most
obseivable in tho=¡e parts of the country, where there has been
the least endeavor to administer relief by law In truth,
nothing is so baneful, so utterlv tumous to all Hue industry, as
lnteifering with the legal value of money, or attempting to
raise artificial standards to supply its place Such remedies
suit well the spintol extravagant speculation, but theyeapthe
very foundation of all honest acqui-u.on "
fms authority attr butes the disasters of 1824,
principally to the paper «ysstem, when this system
may be said to have bean in its most successful ca-
reer. It had found a lodgement in ihe State and
Federal Governments. The Bank of the tinned
States and the Sta'e banks, were all in successful
tide of operation. The banks then w ere not only
the fiscal agents of the Government, their paper
ricetved and paid out for the public use and dues,
and their paper nearly the exclusive measure of
value, b'U my colleague will b ir testimony that
the then Administration was nut cha ged with op-
po>ing them, or warring on iheir rights or interests.
S ill, at that favorabl  period, with all their advan-
tages, this h gh authority >-hows that they signally
failed in accomplishing the purposes for which they
ne'e ins ltu'ed, and the great ca'a*trorhe entailed
on the country by th- nherent ev s of ihe system.
But,<-ir,I invite my colleague to follow me toanother
era that has been referred to by him,and distinguish-
ed bv the impr.?S5 made on the age and the country
by the paper system 1 hold in my hand the report
of Mr. T)lerof Virginia, from the Committee on
Finance, who were instructed by resolutions of the
Senate to investigate the affairs and conduct of the
Bank of the Un'ted States.
I now, nr, invite the consiperation of the House
to the operations of the Bank, as deve'oped in this
report, during the memorable and distinguished
years of 1833 and 1834; the period that is known
in the history of this body as the panic session of
Congress.
"On the 24th Septembei, 1833,the board appointed a com
mittee. ol seven members, to take into consideration what mea
sures it is necessary and proper should be adopted on the pait
ol this Bank, in consequence of the recent intimation that the
Government deposites are to be removed That com
mittec recommended, and the Bank adopted, the (allowing mea
sures
" 1 To extend the regulation of the 13 h August, as to the
puichase of domestic bi 1  at the five Western offices, to those
of Burlington, Utica, Buffalo, Pittsburg, Natchez, and New
Orleans
"2 I'o limit the purchase of bills of exchange to those paya-
ble in the Atlantic cities, and in New Orleans and Mobile, not
having more than ninety days to run
" S Increasing the rate  ol collection and purchase of bills of
exchange, at the Bank and several offices, on different sections
of the Union
"4 To decline the receipt of notes of State banks, except such
asare established in the same place with the office receiving
them, and to collect the balances due from State banks
'o That all the balances due by distant State banks, be col
l'Cted either in specie or in drafts on the Atlantic cities, and that
such balances be not permitted to accumulate "
On the 8.h of October, 1838, the board further
decide! and ordered a general and gradual reduc-
tion of the loans and diicounts. The reduction
made in obedience to this order, in October, was
$5,825,906 74, and on the 23d of January, 1834,
a reluction of #3,320 000 was further ordered
by the board. It is alleged in the report, this or-
der is made, not in consequence of the removal of
the deposites, but of othT pxpecte I acts of hos-
tility on tne part of ihe Executive. Thus the
whole reduction ordered in less than four months
amounted to $9,865,435 58.
The circulation of the bank, on the first day of
October, 1833, was $ 19 128,189 57; which circu-
lation was protected by $10,663,440 51 of spe-
ci<*; its demand on the State banks amounted to
$2,238,573 10, which was, m fact, equivalent to
specie.
In the two ensuing months from that day, there
was due en d mrsttc exchange $5,279,320 45;
thus giving the Bank the resources at command
tj that extent
Here, sir, vou se« an in'-t 'n< on that is the
child of the Gnernmrnt, commence an o,en an-
tagonisiical operation m us we lare, "in conse-
quence [mark the language of the resolution on
which these measures were founded] that the
deposites of the Government are to be removed."
