408
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'"46th Cons«..-1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. rftherton.
April, 1840.
II  of Reps.
lunon in relation to internal improvement*, by the
General Government       Nor do these come troni
Northern gentlemen alone.    A leading member ot
tbe Oppos tion,  one  ol   the Representatives  from
Marvland, in a speech del veiel by bun in Februa
ry, 1939, referred  to  the "overthrow  ct   internal
improvement," as one of the chief evi's of Gen
Jackson's adaunutrat on.     My friend from North
Carolina, [Gen McKw,] has exh biied thii mat-
ter in its proper light, and referred to the vetoes of
President Jackson on the bills sub^crib ng forstock
in the Washington Turnpike R( ad Companv, and
in the Lou.sville  and Portland  Canal Company,
and lor erecting ligh'-houses, and  improving har-
bors, and especially to the veto on  the Maysville
Road bill, Is which projects, ot ex ravagance were
ttopped wh'chwere already on loot,  involving an
expend tire of ever one hundred millions of dol-
lars.   The gent eman from Maine, [Mr.  Evans ]
perceiving the force of lhts view, and endeavoring
to avoid i',  asked how it was known  that the gen-
tleman  lrom  Massachusetts [Mr. Adims]  would
n t have made a «ímilar exercise of the veto power
cm the Majsville road bill.   When my friend from
North Carolina rose, and said  the gentleman from
Massachusetts   [Mr.  Adams]   wa> present, and
could answer for   himself,   the g ntleman from
Mame avoided that i>-sue.      The gentleman fiom
Maine farther remarked, that he hardly thousht,
on   account    of    the    many   similar    proj cts,
General Jackson could have done  an/ thing el«e
than   veto it.     Thee remarks certainly struck
me with some surprise.     The gentleman  from
Maine, anJ his poll ical friends generally, voted
for  the bill,  evea after the veto of the President.
Not only so; but let any one read  the debates on
that occasion, and  the most unsparing denuncia-
tions will be found showered by the Opposition on
the President, for his refusal to sign that bill     Nor
were the<e denunciations confined to this House,
bat they were echoed and re-echoed by the Opposi-
tion presses through the land.    Besides, we have
just heard the most unrparing attacks on the late
President for his tyrannical exercise of the veto
power.    It certainly seems to me that the gentle-
man from Ma ne, in his eagerness to escape from
the force of the remarks of my friend from North
Carolina, has fully overthrown the arguments ad-
duced by his friends from Massachusetts, [Messrs.
Rxxd and Saltonstall,] in relation to the abuse of
that power by the late President.    No, sir- no so-
phistry can e\ade  the fact that to the Democratic
party and to General Jackson is due the credit of
arresting  the projects which received the counte-
nance and support of the Opposition, involving ihe
most monstrous extravagance.   Let the principles
of the adrrunistrat on   of Mr.  Adams be adopted
and carried out, and there can be no limit even
imagined, where expenditures would cease.    Yet
unfavorable contrasts have been  a'tempted to be
drawn between the expenditu esofthi^ Administra-
tion and tbo e  of Mr   Adams'-, and the compari-
son has even bf en carried back to the administra-
tion of Mr. Adams the elder.    I remember a toa't
formerly given by Josiah duincy, a most distin-
guished   member of the Opposition,  "that  those
who fell with the first would rise with the  second
Adams."   As these periods of cur history s em to
present to gent'emen of the Opposition their beau
ideal of administrations, perhaps we may soon hear
it announced that "tho^e who fell with the first and
second Adams shall rise with  the  hero  of Tippe-
canoe."
Having thus contrasted   the principles of the
great contending parties in this country in relation to
ihe expenditures of the General Government, I now
ask the attention of the committee to some obser-
vations tending to show which of these parties is
most favorable to popular liberty   and   popular
rights.    What is tbe distinction  between an Aris-
tocracy and a Democracy'    It is that between ir-
responsible and responsible power.    In an Aristo-
cracy (and by that I mean not the government of
the test, as Ihe werd in its derivation implies, but,
more properly, oligarchy, or a government of a
few) power is in the hands cf those who are not
responsible to the mas?  of the community; while
in a Democratic Government power is placed by
ihe people i  the hands of those elected by and re-
sponsib'e to them. And just *o far as a par y strives
to place power in the hands of those not selected
by the ptop'e, and contends against responsibity to
the people, just so far the designs of that party tend
towards an Aristocracy. Now, sir, I maintain
that the distinguishing characters ícsof the parties
are these that the Democratic party are in favor of
responsible and the Opposition party of irresponsi-
ble power. Before proceeding to more duest il-
lustra'ions of this idea, I will advert for a moment
to the manner in which those holding office under
the people are spoki a of by the Opposition. They
are spoken o I as a body o t men separate fto-n the
people, and Government is treat d as something
distinct lrom the people. This appears to be a
leading and cherished aotion of the Opposition, and
it seems to me to furnish a key to their ideas of
Government. Who are the officeholders under
Government' They are persons either selecte' by
the people or appointed by those selected by the
people for that purpose.
For as was well observed by my friend lrom
Missouri, the other day, the theory of our Go-
vernment is, that the people are the sou'ee of a'l
power. Not only have we heard denunciations
against those holding office, but we have seen at-
tempts to disfranchise them and prevent th^m from
exercising the commonest rights of cmzens.
Tne gentleman from Tennesseee, [Mr. Beii ]
March 7,1838, from a select committe, reported a
bill entitled an "Act to secure the freedom of elec-
tions," in which is the fol'owing clause:
1 Be it enacted, ele Tint from and after the first day of luly
next, no officei, agent, or contractor, or any other person
holding any office or employment of trust oi profit nniler the
Constitution and laws ol the I nited states, shall, by the conin
bution of monev or other valuable thins or bv the me of the
franking prmlese, ur the abuse of any other official pi n ilege or
function, or by thieais and menices, or in any other manner
intermeddle with the election of any member or members of
either house ofConsre -, or of the President or VicePtesidentof
the United Stales, or of the Govrrno or other officer of any
S ate or of anv member or members of the Legislature of any
Stai , and every such officer or other person offending therein,
shall he h°ld to he guilty of a high misdemeanoi mrl upon
conviction in any court of the United States having juris hction
thereof shall pay a fine not exceeding one thousand dollars
and any officer other than the President, Vice President, and
judgesof the courts of the United States, so convicted, shall be
thereupon removed from office, and shall be ever after mcapa
ble of holding any office or place of trust under the authority of
the United States "
The gentleman from Tenne-see, this session, in
his speech on introducing a bill of a similar na-
ture, spoke of Mr. Crittenden's celebrated bill,
which was so effectually exposed in ihs Senate,
and which has so decidedly received the condem-
nation of the people, as one, the principle of which
he approved, but which wa- unfortunately
worded. It n difficult for me to conceive of words
of more comprehensive and tyrannical import than
those in the foregoing extract. "Or i«j any other
jvuvnfr intermeddle "' It a man be appointed
to an office by one selected by the peop'e for that
purpose, he is an officer of the reople, holding his
appointment if not directly, still indirectly, from
them. B cause a man is tiusted by those whom
the people trust, is he, therefore, to have the brand
of disgrace burnt deep into his forehead? Is he to
be deprived of the right of speaking and writing
his sentiments like his other fellow-citizen^ Tne
gentleman from Tennessee remaik d that, by
his bill, in the common and ordinary walks of life,
the persons therein m ntioned might express their
own opinions, but it was "going out of their way"
lhat was to be punished. How alarming the sin-
gular ambiguity of this explanation. If a person
holding office abuses his official power, and neglects
the duties of that office, no one would more ear-
nestly desire his removal than myself. But does a
person cease to be a freeman because he accepts
an office in a free Government? If he has the
ability and inclination, he has ih? samj right to
address his fellow-ci'izens; he has the same privi-
lege to write and publish his ideas as other men.
But by the princ pies of the bill reftrrei to, if a
person is so unfortunate as to have esta-
blished a reputation which has drawn towards
him the confidence of the people and their agents,
though he might discourse with the eloquence of
a Cicero on the subject of popular lights, his lips
are to be shut in perpetual silence, and though he
might write with a pen of light on those eternal ,
truths dear  to the hearis of freemen, the pen is to
be sincken from his hand.
The collector of thepirt of Boston was de-
nounced with great severity bv the gentleman from
Tennessee, and also by the gentlemen from Mas-
sachusetts, [Messrs. Refd and Sai ton stall ] An I
vvhj? Because he had the audacity, on request,
to deliver an addre-s at Hartford • Aie the
freemen of th s land to be denird the privilege ot
speaking and writing ? What can be more in-
sulting to the people ihan to proclaim that, because
a person is deemed worthy of th°ir confidence, he is
therefore to be deprived of ihis pnvi ege. Is it
possible that, because peisons are in office in a
Governmi nt of the people, they are to be prohibited
from expressing their sentiments? Or is it the po-
pular sentiments them^elve that are lo be proscribed.
Sir, ihe gentleman who has been thus denounced
has done much to exalt and adorn the literature of
the coum ry; and hu History of the United States,
should he live to comp'tte it, will form a monu-
ment to his fame as durable as the language in
which it is written. And never Can I consent to
the doctrine, that because he holds an office, he is
to be branded with di'grace, if he is wilhng to de-
vote the enthusiastic eregies of his philosophi-
cal and highly cultivated mind to the advancement
of popular rights, and the illus'ration of those po-
litical principles which concern so nearly the good
of his lellow-citizens. Let me refer to one or two
passages from the address at Hartford, and see
whether the seitiments are such that the people
should Le debarred from hearing or reading
them. In speakirg of ihe propriety of giving politi-
cal power to the whole of the community instead of
any fraction thereof, the author thus speaks of the
fraction of the wealth).
1 Now, to every rich m-in there are two things firs!, he is a
man a  such, Democrat y respects him and gives him equal
right* Next is his wealth, but wealth is blind It cannot iea
son and it cannot feel The moneybag has neither heart nor
mind The loie of riche  is a bise passion If Government is
sunendered to it, then the question will be, what v, ill be said of
this measure by the speculators in leal estate? What will be
thought of it by the bears and bulls in the stock market There
fore Democracy rejects the Government of wealth She insists
on putting the question not to note shavers and money makers,
not to those who are rich and are struggling to grow richer, but
to conscience and to mind '
In speaking ot "tendency to improvement" as
one of the characteristics of Democracy, the fol-
lowing language is used
"This constant hope of progress is denouncad by our oppo
nents as deslructne of present institutions—a war against the
past But in truth, Damocncy is not destructive she makes
no war on the pasi, she p an-, no overthrow of the present On
the contrary, she earners up, andbeais along with her all the
truths that pa«t generations have discovered, she will not let
go one single idea, not oiiepiim iple, notone tiulh She has an
honest lineage, she is, under God s providence, the lawful off
sprmgof a Hancing humanity, and she claims as her rightful
inheritance, the glorious invention , the rich discoveries of the
past Ilut Democracy does not, like the Egyptians, embalm
the dead, she does not bear along with her decayed institii
tions, errors that have inflicted on themselves their own death
blow She leaves the self styled conservative io stagger along
under the accumulated superstitions and wasting structures of
pasl centuiies, to totter under the piles of chaners that have
expued, of contracts that have teen broken, and she herself
keepsonin her course, having for her companions all the no-
ble institutions which iest, self sustained, in their own inte-
grity, and for the guarantee of her success, the natural immor-
tality of truth, and the ever active providence of God "
Though gentlemen might not agree in these sen-
timents, is there any thing in them so objectionable
lhat it should be considered a crime to send them
forth lo the community? Suppose there were a
con'est going ®n between a vast moneyed corpora-
tion or a combination of banks and the people,
have not the bank presidents, bank directors and
stockholders, cashiers and clerks, the same privi-
leges as other citizen ? Do they not exercise the
right of speaking and writing on political subjects,
and "in any other manner intermeddling'1'' in elec-
tions? There is no sin in this ■ But if an officer
in the Government of the people dares to exercise
the rights of a freeman, he is to be proscribed!
When such a contest as that referred to is raging,
such a bill, passed into a law, would deserve no
better name than that of a sedition law of the
banks. I have satd that the aim of the Opposition
seems to be to denounce those trusted with office
by the people, as a body of men distinct fron the
people. How different is the manner in which
these favorite and cherished in titutions, the banks,
are regarded. In the last Congress a gen'leman
from Virginia exclaimed- "What are banks but
institutions of the people?"   A leading member of
