Mar. 1840.
26th Cong-•••1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41,
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Montgomery.
H. of Reps.
great and principal measure we were called to
act upon, providing for the imposition of proper
and suitable punishment by line anl imprison-
ment upon the d shores! keepers of the people's
money in future.   la order to prevent a repeti-
tion of   the  tame abuses  that had to severely
scourged and afflicted this nation, this bill con-
tained the   most salutary provisions    wiih   re-
gard to the safety of the public money, such as
prescribing ihe manner and ihe places in wh'ch
it should be kept, and impo-ing severe and suitable
punishment by fine and imprisonment upon   all
those who should again dare to use it for their pri-
vate purposes in speculation or otherwise, or refuse
to pi? a over on demand made by the Secretary of
theTieasary to meet the  appropriations of Con-
gress in favor of the honest cred tors of the Go-
vernment, [see its provisions.]   In section 4, all
deposites were made special, not to be used for
priva e speculations, bank discoun's or loans, nor
for any other purposes except ihise for «hich the
money was collected—that is to make payment to
ihe people who held just, legal, and bona fide claim*
upon the Government for services rendered   or
supplies furnished.   Section 9 made the applica-
tion of the people's money, by those with whom it
was entrusted, to any other than ihe proper objects
recognised by law, "dialing," and subjected the
persons, thus guilty, to punishment by imprison-
ment of not less than two nor more than five years,
together with a fine equal to the amount embezzled.
There then existe J, and now exist, no such sal ui ¿try
provisions in oar laws against pubic defaulters;
and had ihis wholesome law b«en in existence b'fore
the suspension of the banks in May 1637, and 1839,
would not all ihe eviK u brought upon the country
have been prevented?   Would all these bankefii-
cers have subjjeted  themselves to ihe walls of a
public prism for five year 1   Never, no  nevsr.
Much a* they might be, and as they have pruved
themseh es to be, disposed to disregard the sacred
trust reposed in  them, with this provision upon
the s'atu'e book, they would  have preferred  a
prompt and faithful discharge of duty, to a shame-
tul and insolent refusal of justice, and would have
paid over the peoples money which they had re-
ceived in truH.     This bill was referred to  the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
as was  bill from the Senate with the same rr
similar provisions, which had  passed  that body;
and on the 4th of October the committee reported
the  latter   to   the House.    After   various other
proceeding's, the   vote   was  taken   on   its   final
passage, or   rather   its  final  rejection, for si it
turned out to be, by the combined opposition party
who had at that session a clear and decided ma-
jority in ihis House, against adopting any substan-
tial relief for the suffering people and country; and
by their votes was rejected this favorite measure of
the people.     This vote stands recorded on page
195 of this journal, [holding up the journal of the
extra session,] and was giv en on the  14th day of
October, 1837.   On a motion made by a gentleman
from New York [Mr. Clark] that thu bill do lie
on the table, for that motion there are recorded 119
yeas, and 107 nays.   That the people of this coun-
try may see who it was of their representatives that
were unwilling to grant relief to iheir suffering
conttituents, and to punish by fine and imprison-
ment the plundering public defanlt-rs, for Iheir
frauds aad peculations on the people's money, I
here insert the list of yeas, as they stand on the
public record:
"The question wan then put ou the moüon that the bill do lie
00 the table,
"And passed in the aftiimaure, yeas U9, aye 107.
"The yeas and nays beipg desired by tme>nfih ol the mem-
beriutreieot,
"Thtxte'-who voted in the affirmative, are,
-ultt*M.Jfcda«n ,AIexaader,Hwnan Allen  John W. Altan
Atom  Bell, Bidd'e, Bond, Bo den, Briggs, William JB.
CaffiotyL John Calhnon, William B. Campbell, John
Canipbell, Carter, Casey, J. Chambers* Cheatham, Child 
CjarMCoii ,) Clowney, Corwrta, Craiiilon, Crockett, Curtió'
Cuebing, Da£lipg«t«, Dawson, Edward Danes, Deherry, Den-
nis, Duo , Elmbrt. Everett, Ewfng, Richard Fletcher, Fill-
more, Jame* Oarlandf (Con*.) Bice Garland, GooUe, James
G/t^ra,.WjluamQrahun, Graves, Grennell, Griffin, (Dem )
Hahted, Harlan,Harper, W. S. Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Herod,
Hoffman, Hopkins, (Cons.) Henry Johnson,  William Cost
— *2\Z-----■•——™",« • !j, m«T, wiLxweji, ¿neneiee, me.
Ear, «Aligan, Mathiaa Morns, Calvary Morris, Naylor, Noyt;
Ogle, Patterson, John ¡VI   l'atton, (Cons ) Pearce, Peck, Phil
li.'S, Pope, Potts, Rariden  Randolph, Reed, Rencher, liicharil-
son.Ridgway, Rumsey, Russell, Sawyer, Sergeant, Augustine
If. Shepperd, Charles Shepard, (Dem ) Shields, Sibley, Slade,
Smith,  (Cons)  Snyder, (Dem ) Southgate,  Stanlv,   Stuart,
(Cons ) Sloue,  Stratton,  Taliaferro,   Thompson, Tillinshast,
Inland, Underwood, Albert S   White,  John Whit ,   Elisha
Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, Sherrnd Williams, Jojepli L. Wil-
liams, Christopher II Williams, Wise, an J Yorke—119 "
Democrats 3; Conservatives 11; Whigs 105.
Here, Mr. Chairman, are 119 gentlemen, wi'h
their politics marke', recording their names against
punishing   those who steil  the people's  money,
thereby holding out encouragement io p'under—
iheir being m adeqate punishment to guard against
the recurrence   ot   ihe   very   cranes   the   com-
mission   of  which   had    brought    us    to;etrer.
If, Mr. Chairman, the members of this House re-
fuse to obey the voice and wishes of the people, as
they did on th« occasion, the President  is net to
blame, nor is he responsib'e to the people fcr the
refusal of their Representan ves to relieve  ihe suf-
ferings of the country, by legislation, when 'hat
suffering is sufficient to justify a special call of ihe
people's Repre*entativts, when he has made  ikat
call, (as Mr. Van Burea  did on that occasion,)
made the facts known to them, and suggested such
remedies   as he deems proper and right to be
adopted.   He has then done his duty, and all that
he can do.    He (the President) cannot make laws
to punish defaulter , that plunder the public mo-
ney.     We,   the   people's Representatives, must
make the laws, and he,  the Executive, execute
them.      In  this case,  Mr. Van Buren is curvd
by    the    Opposition    for    not    execu'ing    and
enforcing  laws that they absolutely s-tand here re-
corded three times on these journals aga>mt en-
act me, and the «ant of which has, no doubt, occa-
s oned all  ihe losses  by  Swartwouf, Price,  and
oh<rs, which have since occurred;  and, further,
that it would most certainly have saved the country
from the late suspension of specu payments, and
all ifo present pecuniary difficulties, there cannot be
a single doubt; because our monetary affairs would
then have  been settled; ihe Government  would
have kept its own money, and the banks would not
have relied on that drawn from the people to sus-
tain their overissues, whilst they would have been
compelled to bring their busine-s   within  prudent
and just limits,   relying  on  their   own means,
instead of   those   ot   the   people   to   pay   their
own   debts,   which   they   must   finally   do.      I,
therefore, Mr. Chairman, hold th; Opposition  to
this Administration responsible for all  the ¡suffer-
ings of the people ot this'country, in  consequence
of the losses of public  money through defaulters
since that time, which amounts to over a million;
as also for the stoppage of specie payments by
the banks, with all the many  evils inflicted  upon
the country in consiquence of it    They had the
power to  have prevented i*.    They  refuse! to
do   so.      I   do   not   thus   charge   them   upon
my   own   authority,    or    upon  the    authority
of   newspaper   slips or  paragiaphs,   but   upon
their own recorded votes here upon the journal.
And,  Mr.   Chairman,   these   journa's and   re-
cords  stand m   poliucs   like holy  writ does in
morals, as incontrovertible truth', that cannot be
denied or evaded.
[Mr. Wi'E here rose, and asked leave to put a
questien to Mr. M. which was granted. Mr. W.
inquired whether the gentleman from North Caro-
lina intended to say that the Opposition had the ma-
jority in the Twenty-Fifth Congress.]
Most certainly, Mr. M. continued;and I state the
fact from the very highest and best authority—the
recorded votes upon this journal. Here it is on
page 195—one hundred and nineteen names
in opposition to the bill No. 6—the great Admi-
nistration measure to relieve the country from
the suffering produced by the unfaithfulness
and dishonesty of the Government agents which
was sufficiently great to justify a special call of
Congress at an expense to the people of irom
#200,000 to $300,000. What was the cause?
Why a failure on the part of ihe banks to return
thirty-two or more millions of the public money
that had been collected froto the people to pay the
honist cifizens'who had just claims aganst the Go-
vernment. This unfailhfnlnes on the part of the
banks had brought upon the Government the dis-
grace of bankruptcy, though it afforded to some
gentleaun grest comtort and happiners. For a
certain par y in our day are the happiest when the
people and ihe country suffer m >st. This bill
coma'ned the most salutary provisions to guard
against ihe lecurrence of fimilar evi s, and in vot-
ing again-t it, did the majority of ihe House per-
form that duly to the country, and to the people
which the peop'e have -o loudly t'emanced at
their ham's? No, s r, they provid d by the issue of
Treasury notev m anotlur bill, limited and tempo-
rary relief for on? year only, tc piy the immedi-
ate demands upon ih" Goveriment, and to relieve
it from ihe siate of bankruptcy brought upon u by
ths banks, but that wasihe smallest part of the duty
tl ey were called together toperfjrm; audi will here
take ihe oc-asiuti tj say thit, by a do¿en or mo.e
Whi s voting vvi'h us on that occasion, we carried
the bi 1, or it would have been lost. Hut not one
of them was irom North Carolina. But the most
important and vital pait of ihs duty which we were
called upon to per'orm for the country, was to pass
laws to secure the public money, and make us cus-
tody more sa'e, so that when it might be called lor,
it should not be found to be loaned out to specula-
tors, stockjobbers, brokers, and others, in Wall or
Chestnut street, as had b?en the cise in the
month of May preceding. The Adminis-
tration patly wished to see the present stale
of things put an end to by fine and imprison-
ment, and such ether precaut on«.ry measures
as suggested themselves. They proposed and
voted lor these salutary provisions, whi'e the Op-
position vo'eJ against them; the la'ter numbering
119 votes, while the fi lends of the Administration
numbered only 107, [sre jourml page 195,] i-hiw-
ing a clear majo uy ot 12 votes.
[Mr. Wi-e here rose again, anl asked leave to
explain, which was granted. Mr. W. said he hoped
the gentleman from North Carlina would not
publish to the world that the Opposition in this
House had a majority in the Twenty-hfih Congress,
for it would be a ridiculous statement; for the Ad-
ministration Speaker and Clerk were e'ecied, and
consequently the Opposition were in a minority ]
Mr. Montgomery said that thee elections were
no test of parties, and Ihe gentleman from Virgi-
nia knew it, because Ihey were not mide to turn
on politics; but thai the election of pub'ic printer
was a party question, and taken in connection with
the vote above mentioned, did most clearly prove
beyond a doubt that the Administrat on was in a
minority of from 12 to 21 votss in this House, at
that time. This vote for public Printer took plac«
on ihe 7th of September, 1837, and was decided
on the 12ih ballot, [see journal, page 42,] and
stands thus: For T.Allen, 113, Whigs and Con-
servatives, and Blair and Kives, 101, Democrats;
and Gales and Seaton, 9, Whig?; making in all
223 votes cist, of which the Administration candi-
dates received 101 votes, and the Opposition candi-
dates received 122 votes and showing a clear ma-
jority against us of 21 votes. Can th  gentbman
from Virginia [Mr. Wise] prove that 101 votes is
a majority against 122? If so, I demand his proof.
If he has belter proof than the recorded voles in
this journal, let us have it. If not, the journal is
right, and he is wrong. Nothing can prove it but
the medern Bank Fed:ral Whig Pennsylvania
arithmet c, which my friend before me, [Mr.
Ramsey,] stated in his place on this floor, had
numbered and rétame! a clear majority of one
thousand votes for his Whig colleague [Mr. Coop-
ia] in a single township, where there were bat
three hundred legal registered votes, and which
was not denied, but admitted as true. By th«
above rule of calculation, and by- no other, can
the gentleman from Virginia make 101 vous-a
majority over 122. Here they stand recorded on
the journal, and a new journal must be made, and
this expunged, or I am right and the gentleman
from Virginia wrong. I here insert a list of mem-
bers by Slates, as they are recorded on the journal
with their politics marked, and which will not, nor
cannot be denied, except by those who deny any
thing for party purposes.
KuajL—DemocraU—Messrs.  Anderson,    P«rFÍs¡   Davee,
—3.   Conservatives.—Mr. Sinidi— i.
