414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1840.
26th ConG" -1st teESs.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Montgomery.
H. of Reps .
New Hampshire —D —M°t,srs Atha on, Cushman, Far
rinstun, Week    NVil lams—5
MassiiKi setts — D—Mi Parmenter—1 F — Mtssrs
Fletbher, sal o i-na I t u^lmis Lincoln Grennell, Busgs, tal
hJ m Mastines Bn Icn Reed Adims—II
Rhode Islwd — F — Mes  s Ti'lmghast, Cranston—2
CoNNtCTii-CT—.D —Messrs Toutey, Ingham, Whittlesey,
Halev   Pne ps  Orn —6
Aki-viont — D— Mr Detener—1 F—Messrs Hall, SUde,
Everett, Allen—4
New \otK — D — Me-srs \andcveer Canine t.ng Moore,
Kemble "litus Jones Brodhead,Piatt, McClellan Vail, Gallup,
De Graft, Palmu, t-jemer Loomis, Foster, Grant, Bionsun
Premiss, Parker, Beeis, Gray Tavloi, Bickneil Noble Bird
sill Andrews, Jackson—¿8 F—Messrs Hofman Curtis,
Russell, sihk) C nlds, Putnam, Peck Marvin, F.lhn it.
Mitchel —10     C—Messrs   E i wards Clark—2
New Jersey — F—Messrs Aycngg, Halsu-d, Maxwell,
Ran lol[ h, su Jion, Yorke—6
Pennsylvania—Z> - P vnter, Fry, Wa^ener, Hublev
Keim, Reily, L'gan, Shetlei, MtClure Pottu Petukin Ham
mood, Morns, hlingensnuth Btuhanan, Beuty Plumer—17
F— \It<Ms ^eigemt T 4and N lylor, Davies, Potts, Darling
ton, Morris, Ojie Mt-Kennan Biddle Henry—11
Delaware —F — Mi   MUligau—1
Maryland —X) —Messrs VVorthington, Howard, Thomas
—S F — Messrs Dennis, Pearce, Kuinedy, Johnson, Jenilei
—6
Virginia—D — Messrs Beirne, Bouldin, Coles, Ciaig
Dromgoile, Johnson, Jones, Msiean, Banks, Penny backer,
Rive , Stuart—12 F—Messis Miltory, Mercei, Tilialerro,
Wise—1 C—Messis Gailaiid, Hopkins, Maso i—J State
Rights—Messis Hunter, Rooortson—2
North Carolina —D —Messrs Bynum, C Shepard, Mc
Kay, Hawkins, Montgomery, CVnnoi—C F -We«3rs Siwyei,
Stanly  Deberry ¡sneppard, Rencher, Graham Williams—7
"octh Carolina—D—Messrs Campbell Clovvney, El
noie Itiifhn, Pickens, Richardson, Rhett—7 F—Mr Tnoinp
son—1     C — Mi  Legare—1
Georgia —D —Messrs Cleveland, Glascock, Grantland,
Ilivnes, Holscy, Jackson, Owens, Towns—8 F— Mr Daw
son—1
Kbvri'CKV—D—Mr Murray—1 F—Me=si  Rumscy,
Underwood W lliam Harlan, Calhoon, Pope, Grave , White,
Hawes Alenelee, Í ham us sou lieatc—12
TenvessEE —jD - Mi ssrs VcCiellan, Turney, Polk—3
F—Messrs Cartel Williams S one, Campbill, Bel' Majiy,
bhields, Chea ham, Ciockett, Williams—10
Ohio—D—Messrs Duncan, Webs er, Fan ei thaney,
Leadbetter, Hunter sdieploi f?weann°en—8 F— Messts
Goode, Loomis, Corwin Morns B ml, Ri l=way. Mason, \.le\
ander, Harper, Allen, Giddi tes, Coffin—12
Louisiana —D —Mr Ripley—1 F—MesT" Tohnson,
Garland—2
Indiana—D—Mr Bion—1 F—Messrs Ewing, Graham,
Dunn, Randen, Herod White—6
Mississippi —F —Messrs Prentiss Word—2
Illinois —D —Messrs Snyder, Casey—2 F —Mr May
-1
Alabama —D —Messrs Chapman, Martin, Lewib—3
_ir-_Mr Crabb—1     C —Mr   Lyon—1
Missouri — D —Messrs Hainson, Miller—2
Arkansas — D —Mr \e 1—1
Michigan —D —Mr Crary — 1
Here stands the vote by States, marked as they
voted on this grea' measure of secur ty for the safe
keeping of the people's money,and punishing tho<e
who improperly use it, or who plunder it, asSwart-
wout has since done, and who wasrecommpnded by
a Whig papei, in New York, as a smtab p candi-
date for the Vice Presidency on t^ie Wnig ticket
Mr. Chairman, having now  gone through with
the affairs of the l«t sess o i of ihe 25 h Congre s,
and proved that  the  iriends of this Administra-
tion did make an effort on   their part to  oKey
the call of the people, and  to secure rmre safe-
ly the public money, by  proposing to sever  all
connection between    the   Government   and  the
banks who had   proved false and unfaithful  to
their  trusts, and to provide other keepets hereo,,
whose fidelity and punctuality  was  to   be secured
by the certainty of incurring th  pains and penal-
ties of fine and in pnsonmeiit for the oppo ite con-
duct; and  having proved also that the measure
they proposed for these objtcts failed by a majo-
rity of twelve votes—thus relieving the Republican
party from the fearful responsibility of refusing to
obey the just and reasonable calls of the people to
provide an adequate  remedy tor their sufferings,
as well  as to guard  against iuture defdcations
and  suspensions   with   all their   banelul  couse-
qaences, I will now look ,nio  the journal of the
2d session of the 25'h Congress, and see what is
there recorded.   That session began on the 4th day
of December, 1837, and ended on the 9 h day of
July,   1838,  amounting    to    two   hundred  and
eighteen days.     Tne same members  that   com-
posed  the  first session  composed  this     On the
26th day  of  March, 1838, Senate bill No 157,
containingall thesalu ary piovis onsandsaiegiurds
which   were embodied in the bill ( f the House, of
the extra session, reía ive to tne safe Keeping and
disbursing ot  the public   money, and punishing
defaulters, was sent us, it having passed that body.
On the27ih day of March, and only one day after it
made its appearance in this House, on motion by
Mr. Patton of Virgin a, it wai la>d on the table by a
vo eif 106yeas to 98 nays. The journa sa so sIkw
[March 21, pase 513] t'iat a similar bill [No 597]
vil hth-samesalutary provis ot>,was reported tuthis
House, and on page 1157, a vo'e stands recorded
of 111 lor and 125 against us passage Thus, Mr
Chai-man,ihe journal shows [page 1157] that the Op-
position to this Administration in the 2otn Congress
s'ill had a clear and determ ned majority against
us up n this great measure of finance so much de-
sired by the people and the Administration party, tor
separating all connection beiween the Government
and their unfaihful ¿gents the banks, and again-t
all laws providing tor the safe keeping and disburs-
ing the public money. The journals also show a
settled and fixed determination on the part of the
same mijomy against passing any laws foi the
punishment ot public defaulters, for peculation
and stealing; they having three times solemnly re
corded their names again t all propcsiiions oa that
subject, and against any compromise as to the re-
ception of banc paper in payment of the public
dues. In ordci to show that they were opposed to
any compromise whatever, it is only necsssary to
observe, that with a view to make this last men-
tioned biU [No 597] more acceptable, a special
provision in section 20 was made, " hat after
the 1st ot January, 1839, one s xth part of
all payments to the Government should be
in coin, Treasury notes., or other legal accept-
ances of the Government, and one sixth to be
adaed annually till the who'e shall be thus pud"
Thus, beginning with one-sixth specie, and add ng
one sixth annually, thereby givng the banks five
years to prepare for tne sta'e of things lesulting
from a collec ion of the revenues, exclus vely in the
c jrrency recognised by the Constitution. Tins provi-
sion was rejected by a Whig and Conservative vote
of 125 to 111—a maji rity < f 14 votes. The Senate
bill, a similar one, was rejected by a vote ot 106
to 98—a majority of 8 votes. The bill at the ex-
tra session was rejectea by a vote ot 119 to 107—a
majority of 12 votes. Having failed in three re-
pea'eJ attempts made at the first and second ses-
sions ol the Twenty-fifth Congrts-. to separate the
keeping of the people's money from the banks;
having failed in our attempts to enact any addi-
tional laws to punish public defaulters; and a^o
having failed to effect a compromise by offering to
take one-sixth part of our revenues annually forfive
years in specie, and the balance in good bank
paper, we despaired oí doing any thing, and the
whole suiject was referredto the sovereign people
for their decision They have given a verdict, and
we will soon see what that verdict is. I believe
th?v have returned to the Twenty sixth Congress
in this House from one hundred and twenty to one
hundred and thirty pio;pas,ed and instructed mem-
bers in lavor of a separation ol the keeping oí the
public money from the banks, thereby proving that
the people wish and are now for this mea-
sure, as well as for penal laws to prevent
peculation on the public funds; and if any
now desert, let him, Arnold-like, have a face
both wav-> in all future t me. At ihe third ses-
sion of ihe Twenty fifih Congiess, the same mem-
bers btine present who had three times voted
against ihese important m asure<, we not having
the power to pass them,and ihey having the power
to prevent their parage, no funher effort was en
made for that puipose, and the responsibility rest-
ed on them, and not on us, nor upon the President
We had do.ie oiir dut): they had not done theirs.
I now, Mr Chairman, pn p >se to examine into
the causes wh ch have led to the present embai-
rassed condition if your publ c Treasury, which, if
not already in a state ot actual bankiuptcy, is in
daily and imminent danger of becoming so; and,
therefore, imperatively requiring the sp-edy pas-
sage of the bill on your table. I do not rely on
rumor, nor newspaper paragraphs, nor do I intend
to coarge the state of things I ha^e adverted to, to
the proper quarter on my own a uhi nty merely;
but it is my purpose to r vet my chatges tleie ov
the facts con'an ed in th-se thiKf \ jiu i es, end je
votes of tntmber  if th s House during tie whole
ot the three >es>ions of ihe Twenty-fifth Congress,
when the Opposition, as I have already shown, had
a majority here, and received pay for more legisla-
tive days than it any previous Congress since our
Government has exis'ed—the hrst session beirg 43
days, the second 218, and the third 91 days, mak-
ing an aggregate during that Congress of 352 days,
and wan uig only thir een days ot one whole calen-
dar year, or one-half oí the whole time for wh.ch
they were elected.
During the whole of this time, the people of this
country were suffering intently for the want of
some legislative action of Congress, and wh ch
Congress was, in September, 1837, specially called
tj act upon, and relieve the embarrassments occa-
sioned solely by the unfaithfulne sof tne deposita-
ries of the public mon?y, and the remedy f >r which
alone res ed wuh Congress I have proved, by the
journals, that the Opposition had vote^ down three
salutary acts rf permanent relief, and that ihe only
relief which had been granted during that period,
was the pa-sage of the Treasury Ncte bill now be-
fore us—a temporary measure only, limited to one
ye¿r at a time, and no longer, relieving only the
Government's wants, whi'e the people in the mass
had no relief. But even that poor and limited
relief gives no credit to modern Federal Whigery,
for on the passage of the fiist Treasury Note bill,
which is recorded rn the journal, p 179 of the extra
session, there were 127 >eas and 98 nays, and
among the 127 yeas ihere are 11 Whigs and Bank
Conservative?, whose names I insert as an act
of justice, vi7: Messrs. N B. Borden, (Mass)
J. Calhoun, (Mass.) J. C Clark, (N Y ) J. Gar-
land, (Va.) R. Gakland, (La) J M. Mason,
(Va.) J. P B. Maxwell, (N. J ) J C Noyes,
(Conn ) J. Pi pe (Ky ) J, Rariden, (la ) and F.
O. J. Smith, (Me ) These eleven votes were
mosfy Whiga then, and are all Whigs of the
deepes' dye now. Thus, Mr. Churman, this
vote is another proof that whatever may have been
intended by th1 Opposition, (tor with their motives I
hav e no hm; to do,) their ac*s, asa bo ly, with the
excepu >n ot the eleven who voted with us at the
extra session, did suhjec  the Government to utter
bankruptcy < nd disgrace There were 17 votes
not given on that occasion—sick, behind the co-
lumns, or elsewhere At the second session of
he 25th Congress, on page 391 of the journal—
May 16th—the act for the issue of Treasury notes
was renewed for one year only, by a vote of 103
yeas to 94 nays, there not being one single Whig
vote to b~ fout d in the affirmative. Thus the re-
cord does not show that at this long session of 218
days, a single Whig did vote to íaise and provide
the means to save the countiy from bankruptcy, or
to provide a single dollar to pay either .their own
eight dollars perdiera, or the 838,413,064 87 ap-
propriated at this and the extra sess on, for which
the Whigs, as a body, vo'ed for every dollar,
never having given more than 35 Whig votes
against the passage of any one of the appropriation
bills, containing the wnole $38,413,064 87. See
the lecorded vote against b 11 No. 676, page 1034,
journal of the 21 session, 25 h Congress, being the
bill for the snppressit n of Indian hostilities, appro-
priating |6,739 410 41. Here the Whigs, who
voted against (he Treasury note bill lor supplving
the wants ot the Government, voted for these
unusually large appropriations, much the largett
ever made for any one year s'nee the for-
mation of this Government. With these facts
before their eye% and wiih these tables contained
in h° íeport of the Secretary or the Treasury No.
4. male to t^is House at the meeting of that ses-
sion, shoeing he tact [,ipge 4] that the estimated
revenue expected to be derived from all sources,
during that vear, to meet ihe appropriations of the
year, would not exceed the sum oí §31 959,787.
And what was 'h° result of th s 'stimatei It was
this- instead of yielding the sum of $31,959,787,
(see document No 4, page 4, 3d session, 25th Con-
gress ) as was estimated by the Secretary, only the
sum of $24,152 655 34 was paid into the Trea-
sury dur ne ihat year, being less bv the sum of
$7,807 031 66 than ih<? es ima'es. The estimate*
f>r 1839 w°re $2S.78o,0O0—amount rereiyed not
vet ascertained will n it be over twemy-foar mil-
iums..
How, then, Mr. Chairman, these modern
Bank Federal Whigs could calculate on pay
mg   a    debt    upon   the   Treasury,   by   them
