r
Mar. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
26tH C0NG««"l8T SESS.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Montgomery.
H. of Reps.
created for 1838— amounting to 138,413,064 87,
with the sum of $24,152,655 34, the receipts
paid into the Treasury during the year 1838,
(exclusive of Treasury notes, against which
they voted,) I am at a loss to divine. How could
they calculate on the Secretary paying these thirty-
eight millions with twenty-four million ? Did they
not know that bankruptcy, under these large ap-
propriations over the income, was certain, without
Treasory notes? Did they wish bankiuptcy, that
they might rejoice over it, and increase their party?
Let them answer.
Wis it not iheir duty to propose or vote from some
plan for ihe parpóse of paying off trie large debts
they crea'ed by their votes at that session? Did
they do so? No, Mr; they did not. They con-
tented themselves with voting this $38,413,064 87,
thereby imposing a debt upon the people of that
amount, in that year with only $24,152,655 34 to
pay it with, and voting down all the salutary safe-
guards proposed to protect and secure the twenty-
fonrmilltons when collected, from peculaton and
plunder, and Swartwout has since withdrew overa
million. But this is not all. After haviug taken
this course they proclaim on this floor, and at
home before the people, that we, the Republican
Administration party here, were doing all in onr
power to ruin the people, and disgrace the country,
by bringing it to bankruptcy, and that they were
laboring hers with all their power to relieve the
people's distresses, take care of the public money,
and preserve the faith and credit of the country
unimpaired. They made these assertions when
the truih was, they had not brought forward a sin-
gle measure of relief, either for the people or the
Government, but had actually, with their Bxnk
Conservative allies, voted down three times all thi
measures we proposed of permanent relief for the
people and the country, and so far as their own
votes went, would have voted down the measure
that provided the means for meeting their own ap-
propriations; and instead of mourning over the
sufferings of the people, and the calamities of the
country, they actually appeared to be flushed with
exultation and triumph, and greatly to rejoice that
they had succeeded in preventing the passage of all
the measures intended for the people's relief, ex 
ultingly proclaiming that the people had not yet
suffered quite enough, as they say.
[Mr. Rayner of North Carolina here asked his
colleague if he did not Know that the Opposition
had not the power to pass measures of relief at
that session of Congress.]
Mr. M. resumed.    1 do not know that the Oppo-
sition conld not have passed any measure of relief
ia this House they wished; but I do know that
they had a majority here, and also that that ma-
jority did vote down all the measures ofperma-
manent relief  that the Administration   brought
forward.   Here ate their recorded votes in these
journals to prove  the fact.    Has my colleague
better proof than these journals?   If so, I demand
it.   II it is not given, h<? is wrong, and I am
right.   And further: I do know another strong
faot; I do kno<r that the Opposition in this House
did not propose or bring forward a single plan or
measure of relief   for   the country   during   the
whole of the three sessions of the Twenty-fifth
Congress,  amounting in all   to   352  days—the
longest period of legislation that ever took place
during any one Congress since the formation of
the Government.   I also know what the whole
nation   knows, and  what   my colleague, [Mr.
Rather] too, well 'knows, that this same majo-
rity on  three several occasions recorded   their
names against onr measures of permanent relief,
while thpy could have passed through this House
•ny   measure ttey chose to propose.     By   the
same majority they    voted   down   our  plans.
Does this committee and the nation not believe
that had the Whigs and their allies been as wil-
ling to have relieved the people from their suf-
ferings a,Hihey were to prevent the Administration
party from  doing   so,   they   ciull   have   done
it?   I submit thai i sue to thi intelligent peop'e of
this nation, with the1 recorded facts before me in
these journals which I intend to publish to the
world, (holding up the journals of the three ses-
sions of the Twenty-fifth Congress)
[Mr. Ratner of North Carolina here rose greatly
excited, amid.-t loud cries of order from all parts
of the hall, and asked leave to put a question to
his colleague.   No, no, was heard from all sides.]
Mr. Montgomery asked ©f the House to allow
his colleague to interrogate him. He would an-
swer him willingly : he hoped he would be permit-
led to put whxt questions he pleased.
[Mr. Connor rose to a question of order. He
denied the right of Mr. R. to rise so repeatedly to
interrupt his colleague, who had the floor.
The Chairman (Mr. Dawson) observed, that
the gentleman who had the floor had expressed a
desire to answer Mich questions as his colleague
wished to propound to him.
Mr. Ratner then said: does my colleague in-
tend to insist on this floor, and publish it to the
world, that the Opposiuon party had the power in
this House during the 25th Coneress to bring
forward and pass their measure of relief? And
does he not know that their plan of relief was and
is a Bank of the United States? Does he not
know that he and his party vrted down that mea-
sure by a majority in this House; and does he
intend after this to publish to the world that the
Whigs had the power, and could have carried any
measure through the House? Mr. R. was here
arrested in his remarks by calls to order from
all sides, which were continued till he resumed his
seat, which he did wi'h much apparent txcitement,
exclaiming that he was not to be put down by a
parcel of members who would collect around him
and call out ''order, order"—he was not to be
put down by such stuff as that.]
Mr. Montgomery resumed. Then, Mr. Chair-
man, I understand my colleague to say, that a
Bank of the United States is the favorite plan of
him and his party for the country'3 relief.
[Mr. Ratner. I do freely acknowledge that
that is my plan for relief; but not just at this time.
But I do not vouch for my patty ]
Mr. Montgomery. My colleague says he ad-
mits it to be his plan to establish a Bank of the
United States, but not just at this time. Bat hé
does not vouch for his party. I ask my col-
league when the time will arrive that will bring
forward this favorite plan of relief. Is it to be
postponed and withheld until the ppople and the
country are utterly and irretrievably ruined?
Have the sufferings of the people not yef
reached a point that can affect the tender
mercies of him and his party, and excite
their kind feelings so -as to cause them to do
.'omething for their suffering constituents? Is this
the treatment the people are to receive from my
colleague and the party with which he acts? If so,
let the world know it. Is this what they told the
people while canvas-ing for their seats on this floor?
Did they then tell the people that they had not yet
suffered enough to drive them like the serfs of
Russia, into tame submission to a tyrant's man-
dates? My colleague asks again if I intend to as-
sert here, and publish to the world, that the Whigs
had a majority in the Twenty-fifih Congress. I
again present these journals to him as the answer
to his interrogatory. They prove the fact; I in-
tend to publish it; and if I publish any thing incor-
rectly, it will be through mistake, and can be easily
detected. I could not, were I disposid to do so,
publish any thing half as strong as the facts here
recorded. They are all I desire, to put this matter
right before the people, who, I must say,
have been greatly imposed upon in rela-
tion to this subject. They shall have the
facts before them, just as they appear
here upon record; and I now say to my colleague,
and the party with which he acts, that the propo-
sition relative to a Bank of the United States, their
great and their only measure of relief, and which
they were either afraid or ashamed to bring for-
ward during the Twenty-Fifth Congress, was
brought forward, but not by its friends in this
Hou«e, for they shrunk from the responsibility of
bringing up before the people of the United States
so odious a measure. Yes, that old Federal mon-
ster, that had acted, and still acts, as the main
vheel that controls all the sscret money operations
of the country, producing panics, suspensions, &c.
Ac. with all their train of curses, and which the
honest people of the United States had, at the polls;
not only once but thrico solemnly decided, by large
and increased mnjoriiifs, should not exi^t as a na-
tional institution, having sunk under its own cor-
ruptions, and hav'ng ceased to scourge this country
under national amho iiy, and revived in.a new form
—the same Bank, with its thirty-fife millions of ca-
pital, with all its foreign allies and stockholders,
some of whose names have titles of nobility at-
tached to them as long as my arm, by purchase or
otherwise, obtainfd a chatter fam the State of
Pennsylvania. Having obtained this charter, it
was exultingly procliimed by the mas'er spirit who
c mtrolled it, [Mr. Biddlb,] that it was more
powerful than when connected with the General
Government; it was loudly proclaimed as the great
regulatoi of the exchanees and commerce of the
conntry; as the sole and only guardian and pro-
tector of the great State of Pennsylvania, and the
sure preserver of h^r magnificent and splendid pub-
lic works. But mark the result of all this boast-
ing. In May, 1837, about fifteen months after-
wards, it had, by its folly, or lomething worse, re-
gulated and wound itself up into asíate of com-
plete bankruptcy, acknowledging itself unable to
pay a poor man for one of her five or ten dollar
bi'ls, and is now a miserab'e spec acle of ruin and
corruption. And this is the sort of regulator my
colleague and his party thinks is the only power
that can relieve the people's suffeiings; and when
they shall have suffered a quantum nfficit to com-
pel them to swallow it, then the time will arrive
when he and his friends will be ready to cram it
down their throats. This is their only remedy, a
banktupt bank, thrice rejected by the people. They
do not regard the fairlv and fully expressed will of
the people, but in violation of that will, say to
them, you shall suffer until your sufferings campel
yoi to swallow the filth you have thrice rejected.
Wilthe people submit to this attempt at despo-
tism? Never; no never. Look at once happy
Pennsylvania! See her condition since she adopted
the rejected monster as her guardian ! Disgraced
by permanent suspensions, borrowing money to pay
interest, cursed with shinplasters—all by the Great
Regulator.
Mr. Chairman, bavinz most clearly proved by
these journals, that the Whigs and iheir allies—
the Conservatives, every man of whom, with one
honorable exception, [ColonelHopkinsoI Virginia,]
is now completely and thoroughly in the Federal
Whig ranks—not only had a decided majority in
the House during the Twenty-fifih Congress, but
actually recorded that majority on three different
occasions before cited, in successfully voting down
the great and leading measures of this Administra-
tion, I will now proceed to show by their recorded
votes, how far tbeir dec'arations, here and before
the people, correspond with them. Would you,
sir, and would the people believe, after hearing the
loud and angry denunciations of the Whig party
against the extravagance and corruption of this Ad-
ministration reverberated at every cross road, grog
shop, and muster ground, as well as elsewhere,
from Maine to Texas, and from the Atlantic to the
RocWy mountains, that any Democrat ever voted
against a single appropriation proposed from any
quarter? Surely not, sir. And, on the other hand,
would you, sir, for one moment allow yourself to
believe that a single Whig ever supported or re-
corded his name in favor of a single dollar of these
unjustifiable and outrageously extravagant appro-
priations of the people's money, as they say? Surely
not, sir. You could not suppose so. I have
charged that, as a body, these Whins are not re-
corded,against a single bill in the Twenty-fifth Con-
gress which contained these large appropriations
that they so loudly complained of, and that the
highest Whig vote recorded against any one of tbem.
is only thirty-five. I have charged that of the
seventy-five millions appropriated daring the Twen-
ty-fifth Congress, at its three sessions, when I have
proved that the Whigs and their allies had a clear
majiit/ in this House, and cou'd ha-.e con'roleU
all the appropriations th  ' m of $66,035,453 64,
or near this sum, is receded upon th« journals as
having passed this House unanimously, with the
exception of six votes against ten "'«"^«"««T
gent, at the third session of the TweHty-fiftb Con-
