April 184ft.___________
2rjrw Co*©—« *T Sns*.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I*nf(irfe and 0' Sullivan—Mr. Johnson.
419
H. of Reps.
we wilt soon be compelled to mon u> a direei tai.
The laborers oí tho country will have to pay away
the  earning* >•> support tbe ansioctacy ot theeities
ib spteaiior and liasipanoo.   Thu will not be tole-
rated by the people-   Are the  ofthe Democratic
party who boaeily adhere to Ibetr principle* of
economy and justice, to ¡""lei by tbe «enunciation*
heaped apra ihem by ta* Federalist , merely be-
cause a lew of tnuw that are **ni here as Demo
•rata, m> 'ar iMget taetr pnoc pies and their doty
as to role wtia ¡to Federalist  to take millions of
tbe moaey rawed of the people, to pre to their po-
litical fnrad ' And do ihey not know that the very
mea who are to receive this money, join in the cry
of •xuavafaa.'e and waste against the Democrats
aad taeif AdmiaistraiioaT   We can protect our-
selves against oar enemies) bat God sate as from
saca friends-   Mr. P. said be, for owe, woold op-
past tat parage of all such bills.   He would hold
taese man np before the country who profess to be
Democrat*, but are here willing to vote, whether
rwat or wrong, with the Opposition, tor all such
Met as lake moaey from the Treasury—men who
are willing to sacnice tn-ih party and prtncip'e to
vote a tew dollars into the pockets of tbé r personal
meads or constituents    Such men are not Demó-
crata—they do not belong to that party whose pnu-
rpiea the present  Adm.nistrauoo are anxious to
carry «at by practice. It ihey do, they are strangely
forgetfol.    They forget that the Democratic party
am held accountable tor every dollar voted by this
Congress to be taken from the Treasury.   They
forget that they are daily to'd on this floor by the
Whigs that the Democrats nave a majority, and
that although they (tbe Whigs) vo'e to take money
out of the Treasury,  yet tbe  Democrats, being a
majority, are in l*o t, if it i> taken out improperly.
If any Democrat has voted without proper reflec-
tion, bow is the time  to correct his error, and to
show the people that he is not recreant to his prin-
ciple*.
Mr. P. argued that gentlemen whose constituents
wen intere *ad in tbe passage of a bdl by which, if
passed, the? were to receive so large an amount of
moaey, had no right to vote on the passage of the
present bill.
SPEECH OF MR. JOHNSON,
op vntGiNU.
m at Hmt of Jbprwsentett* , April 14, 1840—On
the mot'on to recommit to the Committee on Ac-
counts the reports in relation to contracts eiiit-
ing between Langiree and CSallit an and the
Clerk of the House, for stationery, etc
Mr. J. JOHNSON of VirsimaXasked leave to
sabnni a report from the Commit  on Accounts,
ta relation to the accounts of Laogkree and O'Sul-
livin.   He said that all i's membete/with the ex-
ceptúa of one, had concurred in trte report; audi
that a minority report would be presented to
House.                                            .,
Mr. Wwx objected.                       \
Mr. Johbjsom moved a suspension of tbe
aad tbe question was taken by count; and
ag ayes 79, noes 40, and no qooram vol
Mr. Ban. said be presumed the obj'&t of the
chairman was to get tbe report printed, and that it
woold not give rise to debate.
Mr. Jobjnsow rephfd that the report was a vo-
lamiaon* one, and that debate would not take
place aotil its contents were known to the House.
The object was merely to let both reports be re-
ceived, and have them printed. He presumed there
could be no debate on a motion to print.
Mr. Wise rave notice that be woold debate it
the moment u u ached the Clerk's table.
Mr. Prnums  a'so gave notice that he won Id de-
bate il.
Mr. Johnson again moved a tnsptns:on of the
rales, and called for the yeas and nays on that mo-
tion; which were ordered, and were—ayes 128
nays 28.
So the rules were suspended; and
Mr. Johnson sent ibe report to Ihe Chair, and
asked that it be printed.
Mr. Johnston of New York said the House
woold see, by the minority report, that tbe Com-
■«tee of Accounts was. required, by the re^olutiun
of — March, to inquire foto W« qualification of,
and ibe price* paid for, th* stationery furnished to
the Hoo'e bv Langtree and O'Sullivan, and con-
tract them with those ol the stationery furnished to
ihe Senate, and to send for persons and papers.
Mr. J said, by referring to the minority report, it
woo VI be seen that the committee bad relused to
do BO.
Mr. Pktrikin moved that the report be recom-
mitted to the Committee of Accounts, with ad-
ditional instructions to inquire and report to this
House,
1.  Whether tbe prices paid by the Clxrk of this
House for stationery, is a reasonable price, when
compared with what stationery can be purchased
for from ether persons of like quality.
2.  Whether the stationery is not of an inferior
kind, when compared wuh the stationery pur-
chase 1 for this House at the last two sessions of
Congress
3.  Whether any allowance was asked by the
Caxaa, either in writing or verbally, for the diffe-
rence in exchanee between Philadelphia and New
York; and, if any, how ranch!
4.  Whether any payment has been made by the
Clerk to the c mirador, in advance, on his con
tract, or the auditing of his account by the com-
mittee?
Mr. EvxaxTT called for the read.ng of the re-
ports.
Mr. Wise wanted to know how much of the
report was thewtrkof the committee, and hew
much was the work of the officer whose accounts
were to be investigated, and hoped it would be
read.
The reports hiving been partially read through,
and the morning hoar, to which the suspension of
the rules applied, having expired,
Mr. Jones of Virginia called for the orders of
the day.
On the following morning,
The Chair announced that the first business in
order was tbe reports of the Committee on Ac-
counts, in relation to the contracts existing between
Langtree and O'Sullivan with the Clerk of the
House, for furnishing stationery, &c , and the im-
mediate question before the House wat the motion
:o recommit the reports to the Committee on Ac-
counts, with the above instructions, as moved by
Mr. Petri kin.
After a few words from Messrs. Johnston of
New York, and Garland of Virginia,
Mr. Johnston of New York obtained the floor,
and moved the following as a substitute for tbe
above instructions, viz:
Strike out all after tbe word "moved," in the first
, and insert the following:
That the resolution which passed this House on
4ihday of March last, upon the subject of sta-
tionery, and the reports thereon, and the other mat-
ters therein contained, be committed to a select
committee, with additional instructions to inquire
and report to the House:
1.  Whether the prices paid by the Clerk of this
Honse for stationery are reasonable, when com-
pared with pnces for which stationery of the same
quality could have been ourchassd of other persons
than thote of whom he purchased.
2.  Whether the stationery is not of an inferior
quality, when compared with tbe stationery fur-
nished this House at the last two sessions of Con-
gress.
3.  In what mode or rmnner the Clerk has ad-
vanced or pa'd vtoney to paid Langtree, in relation
to said stationery, the amounts paid, and the diffe-
rent times when pad; and that said committee
have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. Johnston of New York said he was willing
that both reports should be printed, and take their
ordinary course in the House. Gentlemen would
see the inconsistency, the impropriety, and tbe illi-
berally, of recommitting the repon to the same
committee, who had had the matter under conside-
ration for seven weeks, and had presented to the
Hoose the only result at which they were able to
arrive The power to send for persons and pa-
pers was given to the committee, so that all doubt
might be dispelled in relation to tbe subject, and to
prove the facts required by the resolution under
which the committee bad acted'.   Mr, J. did not
conceive that the duties of the committee had been
properly discliareed, as they had refused to receive
evidence in subver.ion of the resolution. The de-
sun of the movtr of it had fallen to the ground.
Mr. J did mu propose to so into a discussion is to
the merits ol ihe two reports which had been sub-
mitted. When it should become necessary, he
would do so. He hoped if there was to be a re-
ference of ihe subject, that the good sense of the
House would see the propriety of sending it to a
«elect committee, and not to the committee who
had had it u der consideration, there to remain
seven weeks lont;er.
Mr. Joseph John^n said he regretted that any
thing should have occurred to make it necessary
tor him to impose himself on the pdtience of the
House, even tor a single moment. But standing
in the relation he did, he considered it as due to
himself, and the majority of the committee, that he
should make a very few remarks on the subject.
Mr. J. then adverted to the circumstances under
which the resolution of the 3d of March had been
adopted, instructing the committee to make their
report. It would be evident to all that the report
was based on the instructions given by that reso-
lution, and had been prepared after a patient and
diligent investigation by the majority of the com-
mittae. He believed the report contained all the
facts contemplated by the resolution, and he would
ask those gentlemen who were in favor of a refe-
rence, to furnish the committee with something on
which they could base their action. If any indi-
vidual or individuals were to have charges pre-
ferred against them, let the committee have those,
charges laid before them, and he would pledge his
word that the majority of the committee would not
shrink from a full and rigid investigation. And he
would embrace the opportunity to say, that if gen-
tl-raen contemplated making any charges against
the Clerk of the Honse, in relation to the manner
in which he had contracted for stationery, etc he
Mr. J. was authorized by that officer to say that he
was very anxious for an investigation into the man-
ner in which he had performed his duties.
If the gentlemen from New York and Pennsyl-
vania should succeed in their effort to refer this sub-
ject back again to the committee, without any new
mat'er whereon to base their report, they might be
assured tint the committee would arrive at no
oi her result.
Bnt with reference to tbe Clerk of the House, the
facts would appear that be had, in all his contracts,
taken the utmost precaution to guard the interests
of Government. With a view of showing this, be
would send to the Clerk's table the two resolutions
of 1815 and 1897, under which the Clerk had act-
ed, and by which he bad been governed in making
the contracts.
The resolutions were then read in the following
words:
Retobtd 6y the Senate end Houu of ReprutnU-
titet of the United S.atu of America in Congrtn **-
tembUd, That the Secretary of ,ne Senate aad the
Clerk of the House of Representatives be directed
immediately after the adjournment of the present,
and each succeeding Congress, te advertise three
weeks successively, in two newspapers printed in
the District of Columbia, for proposals for sup-
plying the Símate and House of Representatives,
during the succeeding Congress, with the necessary
stationery and printing; which advertisement shall
describe the kind of stationery and printing required;
and that the proposals to be made be accompa-
nied with sufficient securely for their performance.
And it shall be the duty ot the Secretary and Clerk
aforesaid, in the month of April, thereafter, to no-
tify the lowest bidder or bidders (whose securities
are deemed sufficient) of the acceptance of his ot
their proposals: Provided, That this resolution snaU
not be so construed, as to prevent the Secretary**!!
Clerk aforesaid for contracting for «7*^1*15
of the supplies of stationery and printing reqtnreu
to be furnished.
Approved, March 3, 1815.
me viera «'i  mc nuu<; — —r              . r K ,«wi*« 
reeled to furnish, for tjto ne* f^nae^S
such stationery fbf their respective Hootes, as they
