410                                              APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April,  1840.
26th Con«..-.1st. Sess.
shall think suitable and proper, the joint resolution
of the 3rd of March, 1815, to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Mr. JOHNSON then resumed, and said it would
be apparent to all, that, under those resolutions, the
Clerk was invested with full power to make all the
contracts he had entered into. Under the former
resolution, power was given to that officer to make
contracts for any portion of stationery that he
might deem necessary; and under the latter, he was
directed to furnish such stationery as he might
think proper for the House of Representatives.
Now he, [Mr. J.] was no lawyer, nor would he
undertake to enter into a legal debate before a hun-
dred and fifty lawyers; but he was guided by com-
mon sense, and he would appeal to every member
of the House, whether the Clerk had not acted in
accordance with the plain common sense meaning
of the resolutions in question.    In the resolution of
1827, the Clerk was directed to "furnish" station-
ery, etc.    Now, what was the meaning of the
word "furnish?"   Would gentlemen pretend to say
that the  word "furnish" implied that the Clerk   ,
should, with his own hands, and without the assist-
ance of any other person, perform all the duties
appertaining to his office?    For instance; one of
the duties was to compile a book.   But would gen-
tlemen require that the  Clerk should actually go   !
into the printing office, and perform the work of a  ;
practical printei?   Again; he was required to fur-  ¡
nish fuel for the House; but would gentlemen in-  i
sist that the Clerk should shoulder bis axe,  enter 1
the forest, and become a wood-chopper?
He would advise the   gentleman from   New   j
York to be a little careful before  he made accusa-
tions against the Clerk, and to pause while he was
seeking ground of censure with  an avidity equal
to the bloodhounds of Florida.    He would tell the
gentleman, however, thai even the backwoodsmen
were not to be despised, for he had known instaces   '
where backwoodsmen had become Senators, and
many a wood-chopper  had   been   appointed   to
places of trust and honor.   He would also tell him    |
that he had known men inhabiting log cabins be-
ing aspirants for the first office in the gift of the   !
people.
After some debate on a point of order,
Mr. Johnson alluded to the practice of the for-  | i
mer Clerk in the purchase of stationery.   He re- ,
minded gentlemen that for some eight or ten years  j
previous to the last Congress, the Clerk had been
in the habit of purchasing directly the stationery for   !
the House.     And what was the result?   Why,  ¡j
said Mr. J. you fared infinitely worse.   The Com-   ¡
mitteeon Accounts have discovered the startling
fact, that now, in one of the committee rooms, is
unavailable and useless stationery piled up to the
amount of some twenty-five or twenty-six thou-
sand dollars!   This excess of stationery, under a
resolution of the last Congress, had been srnt to
New York for the purpose of being sold; but when
pat up at auction, it was found that it would not
lech one-fourth the price it bad cost; and most of it
remains on hand to this day.
Now, with a knowledge oí these facis, was it
not the duty of the Clerk to adopt some other mode
of furnishing the stationery so as to avoid this loss?
Yes, it would be remembered that at the last ses-
sion of Congress the Clerk was admonished to
adopt some other means. He accordingly entered
into a contract for the furnishing of stationery of
the best quality, at a moderate price, wi'h a pro-
viso that all which should aot come up to the strict
terms of the contract, should be returned. But
another objection was, that the Clerk had made a
written contract.
To which allow me to reply, that, by the resolu-
tion of March 3d, 1827, (the authori'y which has
been referred to, to impeach the validity of the
contract in question,) the Clerk was empowered
in general and unrestricted terms, to procute the
stationery required for the consumption of this
Home, provided that he did so iu a manner,
and on terms deemed by him, in hi«¡ honest judg-
ment, jast, and withal favorable to the interest
of the United States.
There is nothing, at least that I can see, iu the
resolution, that limits or restricts the exercise of
Langtree and 0'Sullivan—Mr. Johnson.
his (the ClerkV) s)und discretion in the discharge
of this, a part of his clerical duty.
Now, he would ask, was the Cleik to be blamed
for having taken the precaution of producing a
written agreement? Was he to be blamed for do-
ing that which was done by every prudent man in
the management of his private affairs? It ad-
peared, however, that the act which was esteemed
a virtue in private life, was a startling offence
when practised by an officer of the Government.
It is certainly of but little consequence whe' her
he proceed in person and in detad, or by proxy, to
the original sources of production or importation
for the various articles required, as it cannot be
supposed that he must of course, as the Clerk
of this House, be a nice and discriminating judge
of the texture, quality, and fabric of such mer-
chandise. This knowledge, I think, is alone con-
fined to the manufacturer, and appropriate dealer.
The importance of this matter is not in the man-
ner, or from whom purchased, whether a gene-
ral trader, stationer, manufacturer, or import'r,
whether by the Clerk in person or under his im-
mediate direction, provided he is perfectly con-
vinced of the ampleness of the contract in its stipu-
lations aid security.
If honorable gentlemen contend that the reso-
lution of 1827 was limited in its strict letter to the
ensuing Congress, leaving the original resolution
of 1815 in full revived force at the expiration of
that period, the reply is, that, from the nature of
the case, there could be nothing peculiar in that
single Congress, which should dictate a change of
method in procuring supplies of stationery, for
that particular brief space alone.
The change in'roduced by that resolution should
be understood in a inore general sense, as virtual-
ly repealing the resolution of 1815, especially
when ii is borne in mind that the old method was
never subsequently reverted to, and that the intent
of the resolution of 1827, here coatended for, has
therefore received the uninterrupted practical con-
struction of twelve consecutive years, under dif-
ferent officers, whose course has been sanctioned
by as many successive Committees on Accounts.
• Mr. J. said he had had the honor of serving on
the Committee on Accounts during the last two or
three Congresses. He had assocuted there with
gentlemen of all political parties. He had had the
honor of associating there with his namesake from
Maryland, and with the gentleman lrom Kentucky
[Mr. Hawes] who, as political partisans, disputed
every inch of ground. But never, till the com-
mencement of this Congress,had that hydra headed
monster,"party,"been permi; tei toenter the commit-
tee room of the Committee on Accoun s Until this
Congress he and his associates on that committee
had looked above all party considerations, and,
like good servants of the people, they had put
shoulder to shoulder, and labored for the public
interests, under no other feelings than those dic-
tated by friendship. He would that he could say
the same now; but he could not. He hid besn
told that soon after the meeting of the House at
the present session, certain gentlemen, not
membeis of ihe committee, had attempted to raise
a select committee to inquire into this very matter;
and that, too, at a time when the standing commit-
tees had had no opportunity of making a repor'.
He asked whether such conduct was not an im-
plied censure on the gentlemen composing the
standing committees. He repeated, that soon after
the commencement of the present session, certain
gentlemen had resolutions in their drawers, the
object of which was to take the matter oat of the
hands of the standing committee, and refer it to
a select committee.
Now, he would ask, whence arose all this fe-
verish anxiety? Wa> he to believe that it was for
the purpose of manufacturing political capital for
the benefit of the Hero of Tippecanoe? or was it
because one of the parties to the contract was the
Editor of the Democratic Review, a talented young
man, who, with firmness and distinguished ability,
had advocated the just principle* ou which our liber-
ties are founded? or was it because that gentleman
[Mr. Garland] there, sitting at the table, had, at
the commencement of the session, displayed a Ro-
man firmness, in refusing to qualify  five  gentle-
H. of Reps.
men from New Jersey, claiming seats under the
sanction of the broad seal of the Governor, and
with certificates given in defiance of the expressed
will of the people? "When to have done so, (using
the language of his own countrymen, recently and
kindly expressed,) would have been in derogation
of the Constitution of the United States, destruc-
tive of the rights of the people, and of the rights of
suffrage, and an alarming attempt to wrest the
right of election from the people, and vest in their
unfaithful, fraudulent, and negligent agents."
The morning hour having expired, the remarks
of Mr J. were again suspeuded nntil the follow-
ing day, when
The Chair announced that the first business in
order was the reports of the Committee of Ac-
counts, in relation to the contracts existing between
Langtree and O'Sullivan, with the Clerk of the
House, for furnishing stationery, &c. and the im-
' mediate question before the House was the motion
I to recommit the reports to the Committee on Ac-
counts, with the following instructions:
1.  Whether ihe prices paid by the Clerk of this
House for stationery, is a reasonable price, when
compared with what stationery can be purchased
for from other persons, of like quality.
2.   Whether the stationery is not of an inferior
kind, when   compared  with the   stationery pur-
j   chased for this  House at the last two sessions of
,   Congress.
3.   Whether any allowance was asked by the
Clerk, either in writing or¡verbally, for thejdifference
in exchange between Philadelphia and New York;
and, if any, how much?
4.  Whether any payment has been made by the
Clerk to the contractor, in advance, on his
contract, or the auditing of his account by the
committee?
Mr. Johnvton of New York moved the follow-
ing as a substitute for the above instructions, Viz:
That the resolution which passed this House on
the fourth day of March last, upon the subject of
stationery, and the reports thereon, and the other
matters therein contained, be committed to a Se-
lect Committee, with additional instructions to in-
quire and report to the House:
1.   Whether the prices paid by the Clerk of this
House for stationery are reasonable,when compared
with prices for which stationery of the same qua'ity
could have been purchased of other persons than
those of whom he purchased.
2.   Whether the stationery is not of an inferior
quality, when compared with the stationery fur-
nished this House at the last two sessions of Con-
gress.
3.   In what mode or manner the Clerk has ad-
vanced or paid money to said Langtree, in relation
to said stationery, the amounts paid, and the dif-
ferent times when paid; and that said cemmittee
have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. Joseph Johnson said that when, on yes-
terday, his remarks were suspended by the expi-
ration of the morning hour, it was his intention to
have replied in detail to the speeches of the gentle-
man from New York. Bat, on reflection, he was
satisfied that no good could arise (rom a continu-
ance of a discussion thus prematurely. With that
understanding, therefore, he would merely observe
that the motion to recommit the subject to the
committee under general instructions, would be only
asking the committee to report what they had al-
ready done.
As regarded the document accompanying the re-
port of the committee, marked with the letter J.
and which had given the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Johnston] and Pennsylvania [Mr. Pe-
trikin] so much pain and labor, he bad one word
to say. He understood that upwards of eight pages
of the report made by the gentleman from New
York, were taken up in attempting to prove that
triis document had been smuggled into the commit-
tee ronn. Now he would call the attention of the
House to the resolution read on yesterday, by which
it would be seen that, with the exception of the so-
litary vote of the gentleman from New York, the
document was received by the unanimous vote of
the committee.
Mr. Chares Johnston, the member  alluded
