Feb. 1840.
86th CoNG""lsfr Sess
ing the baltl
monument f
ceased, it co
stitation, in
was taught wh
country valuab'
lX"
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42S
Cumberland Road—Mr. Parris.
H. of R«p«.
of their country. In erecting this
the/memory of the illustrious de-
infH the advantage of a literary in-
h£h the rising generation, while it
' would render the youth of the
members of society, would be in-
spired with a love of glory, and emulation of those
who had offered up iheir lives as a sacrifice on the
very spot where it was contemplated to found this
institution. He thought the interest that must be
felt throughout the whole Union for the fate of
these gallant and chivalrous men who had met
death far from their homes, must commend this
measure to the favorable consideration of the Ame-
rican people. Where could there be a more mag-
nificent underlaying, or one more worthy of the
American character, than to erect over the ashes of
fallen herces a national monument, at once to per-
petuate the glory of the fallen sons of the Repub-
lic, and to instruct the rising ones in their duty to
their country? He hoped the bill before them
might not mett wnh any serious objection. The
desire of the American people to mark this spot, to
hold it up, like Thermopy'se of old, as a memento
of the noble sacrifice ot life to patriotic considera-
tions, he thought, should induce every Senator pre-
sent to lend it his aiJ.
*
It is not perceived that any constitutional objec-
tion can be mide to making the grant in question,
as it is proposed to be made ot the lands in the
Territory of Florida, which is now under the juris-
diction of the United S ates, and where the lands
were purcha«ed by the Government, and where
the ownership is no', in any way, restricted. We
have clearly the right lo disposa of these lands for
national objects. The establishment of the con-
templa'ed in^iiution would enhance the value of
the public domain in Florida, afford ihe mean* of
instruction to the rising generation, and of inspiring
them with a proper veneration and a noble emula-
tion of those heroes who have offeiel up their lives
for their country, and become a lasting memorial of
those patriotic deeds which are so peculiarly en-
titled to the nation's gratitude.
It is true that Florida has already had two town-
ships of land granted to her for a seminary of learn-
ing, and that oaly two townships have been grant-
ed to the other new States tor the tame purposr,
with the exception of the S ate of Ohio, to which
State three township- have been granted by Con-
grejs—an additional township having been granted
to her for the erection of a college, which, it is
thought, cannot have any thing like the c'aims
upon the nation wh'ch the institution, now contem-
plated to be es'ablished, must be admuted to pos-
sess. It is, therefore, hoped that the granting of
another towr.ship to Florida for the purpose of es-
tablishing the Dade Institute, will not be obj cted
to. It is known to every Senator that Florida has
so ¿mall a portion of fertile lands, that it is impos-
sible to select even a few sections of good land in
that Territory; and that the two townships already
selected cannot be of any great value, and that it
would, therefore, in her case, require more than
thiee townships to place her on a fooling, in this
respect, with the other new Slates.
When we recollect the number of gdlant offi-
cers and soldiers who have offered up their lives in
Florida, and now he buried in her wilds, without
any thin? to mark the spot where they fell, every
American heart must respond to the wish to erect
to their memory a national monument, by which
their names may te handed down to posterity.
This monument is to be erected near where the
noble Dade and his associates so heroically fell,
and where his whole command offered up the r
lives for their country; and it is, therefore, hoped
that the bill on the table will receive the sanction
of the Senate.
It is not considered necessary to sav more at this
time, but if objections are made, an attempt will be
made to answer them.
Mr. SOUTHARD professed to have a  much re-
spect for the memory of the patriotic individual
alluded to as any one, and the name was as much
cherished by his family; but he must confess that
the project before them did not strike him in the
most favorable  light.     To his  mind, there   was
something out of the ordinary mode of proceeding
in calling for a township of land to build a monu-
mental college  for the purpose of perpetuating a
military achievement.    What the fighting of mili-
tary men had to do with the erection of seminaries
of learning, he  was entirely at a loss to conceive;
and gallant and noble as was the conduct of Dade
and his confederates, Mill it did not appear to him
to warrant the selection of that isolated case, when
there were so many  thousands of the  Revolution
and of the late   war whoje   deeds   were  equally
chivalrous and glorious, without a grave-stone to
tell the spot where   their   relics   repose.     What
connection, what  appropriateness   was   there   in
erecting a monumental  college   as   a   tribute to
military   prowess?     Again: apart from all those
considerations,   where was this  seminary   to be
erected?     Did not the massacre take place far
from the abodes of civilization, and would  they
place  it there?    Where were the children to be
educated at (his college?   Was it right or proper to
build a college not so much wi'h regard to fit its,
inmates for the duties of civil life as to serve as a
monument of military glory?     He  would go so
as far as any man to dissemina'e ihe blessings ol
education among the people of our common coun-
try, and had done  as much, devoted as  many
hours, and labored as hard, for the benefit of Flo-
rida, as any other person, and would be glad to do
more where he could give vote cons strnt'y; but he
could not lend h's sanction to reach an object which,
when attained, would   not be likely to be attended
with any beneficial results.
Mr. FULTON would, only observe, in reply to
the remarks of the Senator from New Jersey, that
although the population of the Territory might not
at the present tune afford sholars, yel ihe day was
not distant when Florida must become both popu-
lous and prosperous-. It must be recollected that
it wculd take some years to build this monument,
even after the Indians were removed, and by that
time the country would, in all probability, be closely
settled. The Legislature of Floiiba had a^ked
this measure at the hands of Congress; the
sympathy of officers of the army was actively
excited in its behalf, and indeed he did think there
was a general feeling throughout the country
in its favir. With regard to the association
of literature with monuments of military glory,
he could see no great objection. Monuments of
all kinds served to perpetuate ihe glory of indivi-
duals. Look to the grave->ard cf Congress—were
there no monuments there? L ok to the monu-
ment at the base of the Capitol, where the deeds
of ihe illustrious dead were recorded in imperisha-
ble marb'e—and did not these things f earn to inspire
the living with a generous emulation of fame! He
thought ihe object laudable and praiseworthy, and
that it ought to receive the sanction of the Sen-
ale.
Mr. BUCHANAN held the memory of Major
Dade in high estimation, and would be willing to
accord every just tribu'e of respect; but he could
not con-ent to vote for the bill before them without
some further information. While he was ready to
admit that the public lands could not be more use-
fully applied than to Seminaries of learning, yet he
must know, when given, that they are to be suc-
cessfully app'ied. What s«curity had been afford-
ed in this case, that, if the land were granted, the
college would be erected by the Territory? Again:
the bill provided that the college should be built on
the spot where Major Dade and his comrades had
fallen. Was that a proper site? was it in the cen-
tre of popula'ion? Had all these necessary investi-
gations been made? and if not, would it be proper
to pass the bill before these matters were fully con-
sidered? He would, therefore, suggest to his friend
from Arkansas, to let the bill lie over; his remarks
had called public attention to the «ubject, and at a
future time it could be introduced with a better
chance of success. He would, therefore, move to
lay the bill on the table, expressing his wi lingness
to withdraw that motion, if any Senator desired to
debate it.
The bill was laid on the table.
SPEECH OF MR. PARRIS,
\ OFMAIPtE.
In the House of Representatives^ FMwtry 11, 1840—
On the Cumberland RoarJ.^aad- constitutional
power to make internal improvements.
Mr. PARRIS said^Jdr. Speaker: If I were -to
judge from the remarks ot the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Mason,] who has just resumed his seat,
1 should infer that all his batteries were directed
towards the members from the South, firf inter-
posing their objections to the constitutionality of
appropriations tor the Cumberland road. Now I,
said Mr. P. as a Representative from the North,
would interpose my objections on constitutional
grounds, as well as against the injustice and inex-
peliency of this measure. The gentleman from
Ohio, in a long and able speech, at last sveceeded m
proving, what all are willing to admit, and what no
one has ever denied, that the States of Ohio, Illi-
nois, Indiana, and Missouri, were entitled, under
the compact made with them by the General Go-
vernment at the time they were admitted: into the
Union, to five per cent, or one-twentieth part of the
nett proceeds of the sales of the public lands within
their limits, to be applied to the making of roads
leading to and through them. No one, I appre-
hend, will attempt to deny that such obligations
were imposed Upon this Government, tobe observed
in grod faith, when they become sovereign States
of th'S Union.
But another important question is here naturally
presented: Has the General Government performed it*
part of the compact? This is the great question to he
answered; and upon the issue rests the fate of this
bill. Should I succeed in demonstrating to the
House by documentary evidence that millions opon
millions from the Treasury have been expended for
this measure, after every obligation en the part of
the Government had been fulfilled, I shall have a
right to expect ihe co-operation of every advocate
for economy and reform, here or elsewhere, in-ar-
resting the progress of a system of internal improve-
ments, which I believe to be unconstitutional, inex-
pedient, and unjust.
I hold in my hand an act of Congress, passed
April 30,1802, for the admission of Ohio into the
Union, which I ask permission to xead to this
House. The 7th section of the act provides: That
one-twentieth part (or five per cent > of the belt
proceeds of the lands lying within the said State,
sold by Congress from and after the 3(kh day. of
June next, after deducting' all expenses incident 
the same, shall be applied to the raying^imt'-attd
making public roads leading, from the-navigable
waters emptying jnto the Atlantic, to the Qb^e, to
the said S ate, and through the same. I find, alio,
by a subsequent law, passed ¡on the 3* day of
March, 1803, that Congrebs appropriated in** par
cent, of the said five per cent, to laying ont and
making roads within the State of Ohio, leaving two
per cent, of the appropriation, contained in the
first mentioned act, for the laying out and making
roads to that State. The States of Indiana and 11-
linois were also admitted into the Union upen the
same conditions as Ohio.            >.
The gentleman from Illinois (Gov. Rbtnol&s)
says he asks an appropriation for the continuation
of this road through the Western States in fW-
Hlment of a contract. Can that gentleman; or
any ether member of ibis House, point arte to any
other contract than the one I have just read, em-
braced in the act of ad*timon1 No, sir, no other
contract favoring this claim, to which this Govern-
ment is a party, has any existence, I am new
prepared to spread- before this Honse and the cpaa-
try, evidence which cannot be battered down, to
prove that the General Government has how than
complied with the terms of the compacts I wfcr
gentlemen lo document No. 350, from the Secreta-
ry of the Treasury, laid before the Housedwing
the last Congress, which gives, as the result, the
whole amount of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, and the amount appropriated for tke
, construction of the Cumberland road. In *« do-
cument I find the aggregate amo^untawiopii-
ated for the making and wpainng of the Comber-
l>ai road leading from the navigable water* emp-
Si taKSSU*. to and *roagh the^teaof
óhXlnd na,«ndIBUto ,tob«          W18 7*?
