42^
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1840
26th Contg---«1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Parris.
H. of Reps.
Add Jo, this the three per cent, fund,
which those States have received
from the Government, and expend-
ed en other roads within their limits     1,271,746
Amounting in the aggregate to
The five per cent, fund on the nett pro-
ceed* of-the public land sold in
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, up to
the 1st of January, 1838, which they
are entitled to by the compact, amounts
7,590,485
to only
-   2,119,578
Difference between the two aggregates   $5,471,907
Here, then, we have presented a fact a% incon-
trovertible as it will be astounding to the country,
that the Treasury has been robbed of more five
MILLIONS FOUR   HUNDRED  AND   SEVENTY   THOUSAND
dollars of the people's money, and squandered in
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, to make
them roads, at an average expense of fifteen or
twenty thousand dollars per mile. If the authori-
ty I have here introduced be correct, and I chal-
lenge contradiction, then it is sufficiently shown
that these compacts have bren more than fulfilled
by the Federal Government, and that these States,
now asking an annuity of about half a million of
dollars, to be expended on this road, are indebted to
the Government upon every principle of equity,
FIVE  AND  A   HALF   MILLIONS  CF   DOLLARS.
But amid this profuse expenditure of the public
money, the country naturally inquires where and
when it is to terminate? A document is laid upon
our tables showing that engineers estimate the ex-
pense necessary m completing this work at about
eight millions of dollars, additional to the amount al-
ready expended. I find, also, that one sizzle mile
of this road is estimated to cost $211,000, and
another mile the enormous sum of $460,000. The
expense in paving and Macadamizing this road for a
distance of more than six hundred mi'es through
parts uf country yet an unbroken wilderness, ex-
ceeds per mile the cost of any street in any city of
this Union.
Will it, then, be contended by any gentlemon of
this House, that the Federal Government is bound,
under the compact, to enter into such a splen-
did system of internal improvements? Was it
originally contemplated by Mr. Jefferson, whose
authority the gentleman from Ohio invoked,
that this road should be a magnificent
structure, or that a visionary project should
grow out of it, affording any portion of the
people a pretence for plundering trie Govenment?
No, sir. The only object of setting apart one-
twentieth part of the nett proceeds of the sale of the
public lands, as originally claimed by its advocates,
was to construct a road from the Ohio river to the
Atlantic coast, to facilitate the transportation of
their surplus products to market. They wished to
overcome the Alleghany mountains, tho-e natural
barriers which intercepted all communication be-
tween the inhabitants residing upon the tanks of
the Ohio and those upon the Atlantic frontier.
The road, so loudly called for by the early settlers
of Ohio, then pioneers of the forest, has been
made. The Alleghanies, that once pre?ented insu-
perable obstacles to internal intercourse, have been
surmounted. The reasons, which operated upon
.the country to construct th;s work, have kng
since ceased to exist. But has this road terminated
on the banks of the Ohio? No, sir. It has
crossed the Ohio river, and now pervades the whole
extent of that great and powerful State. But when
and where, sir, is this road to terminate? On the
banks of the Mississippi? Or at the base of the
Rocky mountains? No. These are barrier*, fay
the friends of this visionary project, which the
National Treasury must subdue; it can be limited
only by the shore  of the Pacific. The cost in
passing the Alleghanies, the most difficult and ex-
pensive part of the road, was originally estimated
at $6,000 per mile. You have extended it about
. six hundred miles into the level praries of the
West, and now a single mile is computed by en-
gineers to cost the enormous sum of $460,000.
Let the work go on under the sanction of this Go-
vernment, and its expense increase in the sa m
progressive ratio, and the wealth of this continent
would be exhausted in its completion.
To exhibit to the country how preposterous is
the claim of these States to the further munifi-
cence of Government, and to show what a vast
amount of the public domain has been squandered
upon them, I have but to refer to an act of
Congress, passed February 28, 1823, granting a
quantity oí land, equal to two miles in width on
a road, (to defray the expense of its construction,)
commencing at the Miami rapids, and terminating
at the Western boundary of the Connecticut
Western Reserve, in the State of Ohio ; to an
act passed March 3, 1827, appropriating public
Jands in Ohio to making a turnpike load from
Columbus to Sandusky city; also to several acts
granting large tracts of the most valuable public
lands in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
for  the purposes of education.
We are told that these States have not taxed the
Government lands within their limits? And why
have they not done it? Beeause, sir, no such
power is given them by the Constitution or the
compact. Their expressed stipulations with the
Government in the acts of admission, preclude
for ever any such pretensions. I will read from
the act passed April 30, 1802, which provides
"that every and each tract of land sold by Con-
gress from and after the thirtieth day of June next;
shall be and remain exempt from any tax laid
by order, or under the authority of the Stale, whe-
ther for State, county, or township, or any other
purpose whatever, for the term of five years, from
and after the day of ?ale."
If an attempt has been made by any member to
leave an impression upon the Houíe that this Go-
vernment is under any obligitions to these States
for any acts of disinterested benevolerce, in for-
bearing to exercise the right of taxation upon
these lands, such an inference would be most erro-
neous and deceptive.
It now becomes important to inquire for what ob-
ject these lands were ceded to the General Govern-
ment, and how far they have answered the pur-
poses of their destination. If I have understood
correctly, the public lane's were ceded by the
States of Virginia, North Carolina, and Georgia, to
the Government, not for the purposes of education
or internal improvements, nor to be appropriated
for any State or local object, but for the purpose
of liquidating the public debt that accrued to the
country in our Revolutionary struggle; and it can
be clearly shown, by authenticated tables, that the
lands have n no part answered the purposes of
their destination. The debt of the Revolution has
been liquidated with the moneys received from
cus'.oms, and not from the proceeds of the salts of
the public lands, as stipulated by the Government
in the acts of cess on. How, then, stands the ac-
count between the public lands and the public
Treasurj?
The cost of the acquisition and management of
the public lands amounts to             - $102,220,000
For the extinguishment  of the  In-
d.an title               -            -           -     85,974,000
Expense of protecting the settlers in
Florida    .            -            -           -     15,000,000
For the fund reserved out of the pro-
ceeds of the sale  for the use of the
new States           -            -           -       4,410,000
Amounting in all to
Receipts from land sales
-  207,604,000
-  104,000,000
Making a balance due the Treasury of $ 103,604,000
The fact, then, will be admitted, that the public
lands have not only failed to answer the purpose
of their destination, in discharging the debt of the
Revolution, but are now indebted to the Treasury
for their purchase money and management, more
than ONE HUNDRED AND THREE MILLIONS OF DOL-
LARS. Who, then, can doubt the injustice of di-
verting that source of the revenues of this Go-
vernment, the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, to works of internal improvement ? Every
dollar of the vast amount of money, abstracted
from the Treasury and expended on the Cumber-
land road, was paid in by the customs.    And
who have paid the customs? The people of Maine
and other States, who have no interest in this
work, and who have contributed most largely to
complete it, and not those of the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, that arc receiving its exclu-
sive benefits.
The public documents on file show that, in the
ten years ending January 1, 1837, Maine alone
paid into the Treasury,  by imposts
and duties,             -            -           -       $3,260,418
While Ohio, Indiam, and Illinois,
paid but                ...               13,536
The people of Maine have paid into
the Treasury an annual average
amount of                                                    326,000
While Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
have paid but                    -           -                 1,300
Three hundred dollars have we contributed
in Maine to defray the expenses of this Govern-
ment, where these three States have contributed
ONE DOLLAR.
But we are told that this great disproportion is
made up to Maine and other Atlantic States in ap-
propriations for light-houses, harbors, forts, and
arsenals. It is not my purpose, at this timp, to be
diverted from the question immediately under con-
sideration to inquire whether appropriations for
light-houses, haibors, &e. are of a national, or
merely local, character. When that subject ¿hall
be pronerly before us, I will then be prepared to
resist any appropriation called for from any section
of this Union that is not clearly authorized by the
Constitution. But suppose, for a moment, the ap-
propriations made to Maine were for local objects
and benefited us alone; how, then, would stand
our account with those States.?
In the four years ending January 1, 1838, Maine
paid in'o ihe national Treasury $1,304,000, and
rt'c.ived for li%ht-houses, forts,&c. $240,000. We
have received but one dollar where we have paid
six. But how stands the case in those Western
States? In thirty years they have paid, by duties,
but $25,000, and have drawn from the Treasury
nea.ly eight millions of dollars. Paid into the Trea-
sury but one dollar where they have taken fovx
hundred. In what part of the Constitution do gen-
tlemen recognise the power to subject the people
of the North or South to make roads for the West?
Do they find in the clause ' to provide for the
common defence and general welfare?" Sir, the
old Federal doe'rine, once advocated, that this
clause of the Constitution gave Congress the power
to work every species of injustice and rascality,
under some plausible pretext of the public good,
has been long since exploded. Is it found where
power is given "to establish post roads," or "to
regulate commerce?" I am aware that the power
to appropriate money for the Cumberland road has
been claimed, at different periods, under all these
clauses of the Constitution. But now all are
abandoned, and its advocates rely solely on the
stipulations of the compact. But whether you
look to the compact or the Constitution itself for a
foundation on which to rest this claim, it will be
found as baseless as an inverted pyramid.
The power which the people of the several
States delegated to Congress was meant to be
"clear," "express," or "particular," or at least that
no reasonable doubt should exist as to its nature
and extent, before it could be exercised. If power
had been claimed und>T the Constitution, by its
framers, to enter into a splendid system of internal
improvements, and thereby recognise the gross in-
justice of robbing one portion of the country to
benefit another, not a State of the Confederacy
would have ratified it. I contend that Congress
has no power to make appropriations for improv-
ing territory over which this Government cannot
exercise exclusive jurisdiction. The Constitution
gives to Congress the power "to exercise exclusive
legislation over this District, and to exercise like
authority over all places purchased by the consent
of the Legislature of the Slate in which the same
shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arse-
nals, dock-yards, and other needful buildings." If
we had power to construct roads and exercise ju-
risdiction over them, the strong arm of Government
could then be extended over any portion of this
Union, and, with its nrght, prostrate not only the
