426
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
36th Cong.......1st Sess.
Jippropriation Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
sion; and trom the tact thai that single item has
been harped upon in almost every speech that has
bee  made by the Opposition, it is fair to presume
thty know of no other instance jf extravagance;
and how do they stand in relation to that. During
the last Congress the Opposition had a decided ma-
jority in this Home. They elected a Printer of their
own party. Yes, sir, they elected a man of their
own; and who was he? A miserable tool of a
miserable faction—(I mean the Conservatives)—
an empty, brainless coxcomb, without a name, a
residence, or a foothold on the face of the earth—
a pennyless loafer—one of the gaunt lounging
office seekers thai beset this Capitol, and ride you
like ihe nightmare, without the means of doing the
printing, and, 1 believe, withouttheflrstdollar to pro-
cure th* means; and what was the¡consequence of his
election? Tne public printing, in place of being
done by the Government's confidential sworn offi-
cer, was farmed out to Ga e.s and Seaton, not confi-
dential and sworn officers of the Government. Ye*,
sir, the public pnnt.ng was farmed out, and the
man of straw elected (I mtan the Editor of the
Madisonian) received ten thousand dollars per
annum for the office and trust thus reposed in him,
and Gales and Seaton did the printing for the
balance of the profits. What was the course of
the Opposition, then, thin* you? Was it to reduce
the pnnung? No, sir; not a word was then said
about the extravagance and profligacy of the pub-
lic printing; but, on the contrary, more" at jobs of
printing were thrown into the hands of that cor-
rupt and f. audulent combination than has ever
been done in any Congress since the organiza-
tion of the Government, or the establishment of
public Printer, by which the public printing was
swelled to upwards of $231,000, which is moie
than double as much as it ever amounted to before,
and that enabled Gales and Seaton to pay the
enormous rent of ten thousand dollars. But as
soon as the party character of this House was
changed, and the printing was about to fall
into Democratic hands, the yelp tf extra-
vagance in the public printing was raised
by a hundred Whig tongues, that had before
teen as silent on that subject as the grave.
But, sir, what did the Democracy do on the ie olu-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia? [Mr. Black."!
They ordered a commiitee to investigate the sub-
ject of the public printing, and to report to this
House what th°y might find to be a fair and just
compensation for the public printing; and Blair and
Rives were elected public pi inters on the condition
that they were to receive such a compensation.
That committee have made their report; it is now
on the Clerk's table; it is in favor of retrenchment,
and the Democracy will sustain it. So much for
reform in the public printing the only item of pre-
tended extravagance pointed out or attempted to
be expostd by the Opposition; and lhai item vrcAd
have remained unexposed by them if the ptifia%
had remained in the hands of their party pets.
"Office holders and spoils party.''  Si*, hsr; not
every feeling )ou poisesr, phj-sica! at¿ cental,
been nauseated and sickened at that incessant cry
—that miserable hungry   howl  cf  lamentation,
which is never permitted to die on your ear? I pnce
before exposed the fact by tables and figures, that
more than one-half of all the offices of this Go-
vernment are occupied by  Federali>ts, and I now
assert it to be a fact; but one-half is not enough for
them.    "Being of the better sort of society," they
claim   them   all;   and   nothing   thort   of   thiir
full possession will ever satisfy a party whose prin-
ciples teach them to believe they are born to rule
the " common people."   The Federal party claim
•ffice as a natural and political right composed, as
they claim to be, of "the riecency,"and "belter sort of
people,'''' they "areborn to rule the swinish multitude."
This right has been disputed by the  Democracy,
and it js this dispute, and the rights and principles
involved, that   have   produced   all  the   political
struggles and turmoils  that have been witnessed
since   the   commencement of   our  Government.
Will the Democracy now surrender? Heretofore the
claims of the Federalists for all the offices have
made in  blustering demands;  now they are made
in pitiful whining, sickening, crocodile whimper-
ings.    The Democracy, in the support of stern
principles, resisted the one?   Will they now per-
mit their sympathies to be so overcome as to yield
to the othet? Will they permit their principles, to
maintain which they have so long, and so man-
fully contended, now to be sacrificed at the hungry
yelp and pitiful whine of a host of lean, lank,
lazy, lounging office seekers, which beset this
Capitol, and annoy the countiy elsewhere? " The
spoils party," and what would the hungry F. deral
office sekers be, if they Wire to get all ihe offices
and spoils! would they not be " the spoils party
too; and how much would the conimuniiy be bene-
fited! by the change? I ask what benefit, the tax pay-
ing community wi uld derive by turning out the well
fed, fat,clean, sle k, Democratic office holders, and
pu'ting in a swarm of hungry, lean, starved, Fe-
deral office seekers?
Panic! panic ! panic! That's the string to pull.
Turn back to the history of your Presiden-
tial elections, and show me one in the political
s a;i*tics of your country, if you can, th:it
has not been swamped in the Federal cry of panic.
Examine the public journals from the commence-
ment of Presidential elections to this time, and
you will find by them that every year that a Pre-
sident has had to be elected, is a year of panic and
desolation. The cry of "panic and desotalion" is
one of the standing modes of electioneering. The
people understand it, and are no longer to be
gulled by it, and they look with contempt upon
those who make it, as they do upon the slanderer
and calumniator of American insdtutions and the
American character. The ve'p of panic, ruin,
and distress, is now overspreading the land and
doing its base and dirty work of slander upon
the character of our country. Where is the panic
and distress to be found? Where it always will
be found: amons the penniless lrafers of your
country—those who are too laz/ and too proud to
work, and have nothing to trade upon. All the
panic and distress we have, consists in the ina-
bility of that class to enjoy the "glories of the credit
system" Show me the man in our widespread
Union (except he has been the subject of misfor-
tune) who depends upon his own industry and his
own resources, that cannot laugh at vour panic
and sneer at your demagogical cry of distress. And
here I must qu-.lify this general remark, by the
exception of many hundreds of persons of tht
most useful class of society. I mean those whs
labor in manufactories. They are, no doubt, se-
riously afftcied by the depressed and derang?c
slate of ihe currency; but all their difficulties grow
out of their connection With inslitutions, the pro-
prietors and owners of which have not capital
of their own by which to conduct them. It such
persons will study their own real interests, they
will cut loose from such establishments and such
proprietors, change their business, or engage in
the employment of those who have not to defend
upon the smiles and favors of banks, and the
uncertainties of the "glorious credit system,"
But, sir, what if there is distress and panic it
the country? What is the cause of it but youi
miserable banking and credit system—a systeir
that the united efforts of the Demccracy hav<
been directed to overthrow, so far as it is exclusive,
monopolizing, and partial in its operation—?
system, which, so long as it exists, will product
periodical derangement of the currency of the
country, and distress with those who trade upon
capital not their own.
But, I repeat, what if there is panic and dis-
tress in the country? Has Congress power to give
relief? What constitutional authority have we
for making this Capitol a poor-house? And by what
constitutional authority can members of Congress,
in their representative capacity, assume to >hem
selves the office of overseers of the poor? Sach a
use of this Capitol, and such a usurpation of office,
and such an exercise of power, were never contem-
plated by the framers of this Government; nor is
it any where, except in the babbling noise of the
demagogue, or in the brain of the raving politi-
cal monomaniac. Sir, it is a settled principle, and
a fact well known and universally understood, ihat
all the wealth of this country is dug in sweat from
her soil; and all the comforts and conveniences
of life are the offspiing of the united labor
of the farmer and  the mechanic, and upon that
must we depend for all we possess, either as a
nation or as in tividuals compoiing a nation.
And let me assure yon, whatever system of policy
may be established by legislation, which will ena-
ble one part of the community to live without la-
bor, muit and will have the tendency to throw a
greater portion of labor upon these not so favored.
Such is the natural consequence, and such the prac-
tical effect, as all experience has shown, and will
continue to show; and such is the credit and bank-
ing system, as it has existed, and now exists, in
this country.
All the panic and distress that now hangs over
us as a people, or any portion of us, had their
origin in extravagance, idleness, or overtrading.
That fact dare not be denied; nor dare it be denied
ihat they have had their foundation in the credit
and banking system, by the facilities they afford to
live without labor, and temptations to speculate.
While I am unwilling to admit that any man
here can go before me in commiserating the mis-
fortunes of my fellow beings, nor can any one re-
joice more at the prosperity of our country, and
the happines of every class of society, than I do,
yet I hold that Congress has neither the power nor
the means to give relief in cases of distress. I say
hat Congress has no such power. I mean by that,
that Congress has no power to tax one portion of
the community to relieve the dis'resses of another.
Such a power cannot be exercised in justice,
nor did ever the framers of the Constitu-
tion contemplate such an exercise of power.
Congress can give no relief on any other prin-
ciple than by an unjust and unconstitutional
system of taxation, either dnectly or indirectly.
To all such applications for relief, (I mean for
such distress as is now said to pervade the coun-
try,) as a Representative, I must say, (however
cold, heartless, and disconsolate the advice may be
considered,)'go home, work harder, and live more
?conomically, and relief will be your reward.
Sir, I have said that the cry of panic, as in times
before, is made for political effect and party pur-
poses. It is no, and such is the object of the dema-
j<-gue. But I have the charily to believe that some
)f those who are attempting to spread the alarm of
Jisiress. are, or ihink they are, sincere; but I am
constrained to believe that many of that class are
laboring under a species of derangement. There
is a kind of derangement called monomania, which
leaves the individual affected with it in full pos-
session of his reasoning powers, on all subjects ex-
cept the one on which he is deranged. For in-
stance, the monomaniac is deranged on the subject
of religion, and perfectly rational on all others.
Hence it is that some persons fancy themselves to
be the Saviour of mankind, or to be one of the an-
cient prophets, and, in some instances, to be the
Almighty him?e!f; or he maybe deranged upon the
subject of mechanics; hence it is you hear
of persons spending a great portion of their lives in
attempting to invent the perpetual motion. So it
is with the a'chymist, who spends his life in pur-
suit of the philosopher's stone. So it is with meta-
physics, &c. And yet persons laboring under this
species of derangement maybe perfectly capable
of attending io ordinary business. Professor Tital
of Jena continued to perform his professional du-
ties for some time, although laboring under the
fixed hallucination of believing himself to be Em-
peror of Rome. Many other instances of a simi-
lar character could be cited. Alexander Pope, in
a few lines, illustrates, in an interesting and forci-
ble manner, the various effects of monomania on
different individuals.    He sung thus-.
"Unnumbered throngs on every side are seen,
Of bodies changed by various lorms of spleen,
Here living teapots stand, one arm heldout,
One bent; the handle this, and that the spout;
A pipkin there, like Homer's tripod, walks;
Here sighs a jar, and there a goose-pie talks,
Men prove with child, as powerful fancy works,
And maids, turned bottles, cry aloud for corks."
Well, sir, we ree that men become deranged on
religion, mechanics, metaphysics, «fee; why may
they not become deranged on the subject of poli-
tics? They do. Our medical records furnish many
ios!ances of the kind; so they do on subjects of
finance and economy. The celebrated Doctor
Eberly informs us that he knew a person who for
