Ayti, "WO.__________
36th Cosa.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
4S7
Appropriation Bill—Mr, Duncan.
H. ot Reps.
more than twtnty years was firmly persuaded that
he Tras the President of the United States; and yet
this man woald converse and thmk rationally upon
all the ordinary concerns of life. We have all
heard of persons in affluent circumstances pinching
themselves with hunger, ana clothed in rags, lest
they should come to want and die in poverty. Such
is the political monomania under -which some oí
oar politicians are now ravin 5: and if Alexander
Pope Jived at this day and in our country, he would
sing—
"Hen often turn from reason's shining way
To chase a phantom in the light of day;
Sane in all madera save the affairs of state,
And wild in them as in the rest they're great.
Now preach they panic with a sing-soig tone,
When panic lives Within their breasts atone;
Now hear they Furies jell in deep despair,
With deadly serpents hissing from their hair.*
Politically mad as Bedlam's King,
Around the wo'ld their doleful song they sing,
O'er ferule fields they leave their baneful track,
Blow up the world, and chuckle at the ctack.
Such is the hell-born phantasy that holds
The Federal prophet's in its crimson folds;
Makes banks perfection, by a simple thought,
And strives to teach men what can ne'er be taught."
But, Mr. Chairman, I told you I intended to
talk of some things not immediately connected
with the bill under consideration. I desire to talk
some abont the Presidential election. I hope I
Will not be considered out of order. When the sim-
ple proposition to instruct the Committee on Fi-
nance to report an appropriation for the Cumber-
land road, was before the Hous , the Whvs used_,
up one entire week in attempting to prove thai*
General Harrison ought to be elected Presidemvof
the United Slates. I hope it will now be in qjraer,
on the general appropriation bill, for me to jfse an
hour or two in attempting to prove that he/should
not be elected.                  v
So, sir, I proceed with mtproofs and
One of the modes now tm
overthrow of the AdministUiion
election of the Federal candidate,
the minds of the people thai Gen/ral
a poor man, and therefore th|
mat he is the inmate of a log
cider, and is compelled, no
his life, to toil in sweat and du|
tenance; and therefore, if elected to the Presidency,
will be capable of appreciating the poor man's
condition, and will direct the administration of the
Government with reference to the interests and be-
nefits of that class of the community.   These, if
trae, are powerful inducements for the poor and
the friends of the poor to sustain Geneneral Harri-
son for the Presidency, all ether circumstances be-
ing favorable.   But that he is, or ever was, at
heart, a frleDd to the poor man, I am prepared to
doubt; and with a view of being as brief as possi-
ble, in support of this belief, I will give one illus-
tration of the most forcible and undeniable charac-
ter—and one, too, which, at the same time that it
carries truth on its face, will serve to convince
every man who reads it, or hears it read, that the
poor man has but little to expect, on the side of
mercy and favor, from General Harrison or his ad-
miabtration, if elected.   General Harrison is in
favor of, and has voted for, a law authorizing and
requiring the sale of the poor man in bondage and
degrading slavery for the payment of a fine and
costs in which he might be mulcted, or what is tan-
tamount thereto.   This, sir, is a startling state-
ment; hut I have the proof at hand—read for your-
self:
"Extract from the journal  f the State of Ohio, dated
Tuesday, January 30,1821.
Senate met, pursuant to adjournment
The Senate then, according to the order of the day, resolved
into a committee of the whole on the bill from the House en-
titled "an act for the punishment of certain offences therein
named," and after some time spent therein, the Speaker (Allen
Trimble) resumed the chair.
Mr. Fnhian then moved to strike out the 18th section ot said
bill, as follows:
''Beit further enacted, That when any person shall be im-
prisoned, either upon execution or otherwise, lor the non-pay-
ment of a fine or cost, or both, it shall be lawful for the sheriff
Of the county to SELL OUT SUCH PERSON as a SERVANT
to any person within this State, who will pay the whole amount
due, for the shortest period of service, of which sale public no-
tice shall be given at least ten days; and upon such sale being ef
ftetad, the sheriff shall give the purchaser a certificate thereof,
"The Ptrrfes-were said by the ancients to have fiery serpents
WwDg from their bair.
jections.
secure the
secure the
) impress on
Harmon is
man's friend:
Irinks hard
the sun-down oí
for his daily roain-
iployed:
abin,
and from which time the relation between snch purchaser and
prsoner shall be that ot MA-TER and SERVANT, until the
time ofservice expires; and for injuries done by either, remedy
shall be had in the same manner as is, or may be, provided by
law in the case of master and apprentice
"But nothing therein mentioned shall be construed to pre-
vent persons from being discharged from lmpusonmont tccord-
lngtothe provisions ol the in. rty stventh section of the actto
which tins is supplementary, if it shall be expedient to giant
such discharge Provided that the court, in pronouncing upon
any person convicted under this act, or the act to which this
is supplementary, may dnect such person or persons to be de-
tained in prison until the fine be paid, or persona otherwise dis
posed of agreeably to the provisions of this art."
And the yeas and nays being required, those who voted in
the affirmative were, Messrs Beasly, Brown, Fithian, Gass,
Healon, Jennings, Lucas, Mathews, McLaughlin, McNilton,
Newcomb, Roub, Russell, Scofteld, Shelby, Spencer, Stone,
Swearengen, Thompson, and Womeldorf—20
And those who voted in the negative were—IVTessr   Baldwin,
Cole,Foos, Faster, WILLI nM H HARRISON, McLean, Os
well, Pollack, Ruggles, Roberts, Wheeler and Speaker—12.
Secretary of State's Office.       >
Columbus, O Sept 10,1R36 \
'" I certify that the foregoing is a true and accurate copy from
the journals of the Senate ol the State of Ohio, being the first
session of the 19th General Assembly, held at Columbus, De-
cember, 1820
See pages 303, 304,305.
CARTER B HARLAN,
Secretary of State "
Sir, this is the journal, certified to by the proper
officer; and in order that no false issue may be
raised as to the meaning or intent of those who
voted foi and against a proposition degrading to
the American character, at war with every princi-
ple of our free institutions and constituting a black
mark, and a foul stain, upon the legislative jour-
nals of a free State. I say, that there may be no
false issue or mistake, I will submit the remarks of
a distinguished statesman and patriot of the last
war, at the time the measure was under discussion.
I allude to Gen. Robert Lucas, who distinguished
himself in our second war for independence; has
for many years been a member of both branches of
the Legislature of Ohio; her Governor for four
years, and he is now Governor of the Territory cf
Iowa.
Hear what he said:
''General Robert Lucas, in the true spintof patriotism, made
the following remarks
"What will be the operation of this sectionl" said Mr. Lu-
cas "We will suppose a case- suppose one of the patriots of
the Revolutionshould be msOlted by an enemy of his country,
or a tory, who had fought against him in the struggle for li-
berty, and he should be provoked tocommitan assault in de-
fending the honor of his Government—by our laws he might
be prosecuted and fined. He is poor and unable to pay the
fine. What would follow, under the provisions of this section?
He is publicly ADVERTISED FOR TO BE SOLD—he is
dragged by the crier along the streets—the man who provoked
the assault, bids the amount of the fine and the shortest term of
service, say forty years—and the old patriot is knocked *ff to
lusper-bondage.
"Any unfortunate citizen, who, in an unguarded moment,
might be thus subjected to the payment of afine, would be lia-
ble to be sold under this section, and driven into slavery by a
FREE NEGRO, should such a negro choose to become the
purchaser.
"This would be revolting to every principle of humanity,
and a disgrace to the age id. which we live
"The question was then taken on Mr Fithian's motion, and
earned in the affirmative—yeas 20, nays 12 So this obnox-
ious provision, voted for and defended by WM H HARRI-
SON, does not now disgrace the statute books of Ohio."
And this, sir, is the manifestation of General
Harrison's attachments to, and sympathies for, the
poor man. What will the hnsey hunting shirt
wool hat inmate of the log cabin, who delights oc-
casionally in taking a kneck down for the laudable
purpose of improving his courage,and hardening his
body, (for which he may be made the subject of
fine and costs, which he may not have the means
of paying) say to tsuch a manifestation? What
will the crippled war-worn soldier, and patriot of
the Revolution, say to such a manifestation? Did
he buckle on his armor, march to the field of battle,
face the cannon's mouth, and risk fortune, limb,
and life, to break the chains of British slavery, that
his sons and posterity to all time, (in the misfor-
tunes of poverty) should be the subjects of a law
that would have disgraced the conscripts of the tyrant
in the most arbitrary and degraded days of Rome,
and make them the subjects of bargain and sale,
and the slaves of the purse-proud and unfeeling
Shylock; and that too, for the mere crime of po-
verty j or of not having the ability to pay afine,
and a few dollars and cents of cost? Sires of the
Revolution ! was this what you fought for; was it
for this you bared your bosoms, and "bore up un-
der the battle's hottest rage?" Had you no higher
object than mere colonial emancipation to stimulate
you, when yon iought the enemy knee to knee,
and breast to breast, on Bunker Hill, Monmouth,
and Trenton, in suffocating dust and smoke; and
when your brave comrades in arms were(s'nking in
fai'gae and death by your side? You are not
here; I will answer for you. You had higher ob-
jects. Emancipation of your country, poliiical li-
berty, religious toleration, and personal freedom,
were your stimulants, your objects, and your re-
wards. Then, I ask, can you cast your suffrage to
the support of a mai for the highest office in your
gift, who stands prepared in prmciple, and has at-
tempted m practice, to sell your sons in slavery
for the crime of poverty, or the miafortune of ina-
bi uy to liquidate a fine and cost, in which they
may be mulcted by a little imprudence, without de-
sign or intention of crime? I am inclined to doubt
Gen. Harrison's sympathies for the poor man.
But it is said that "General   Harrison is a poor
man, and live  in a log cabin, and that he toils in
sweat and dust for his daily maintenance."   These
allegations are  eih*r false or  they are  true.   If
they are false, then it is an attempt to practise a
base fraud upon the Amercan people from motives
of demagogui&m; but I will presnme, for the present,
that they are true.    And let me assure you that if
General Harrison is of the right political faith, and
is well qualified to discharge  tha comptica'ed, re-
sponsible, and arduous duties which the Constitu-
tion, the interests of this country, and the policy of
this Government impose on the President of the
United States, the fact of his being the tenan* of a
log cabin s.hall heigh/en my zeal and double  my
exertions to secure his election.   The most devoted
recollections that I have are associated with scenes
and pleasures, in boyhood, with the inmates of log
cabins. I was raised in a log cabin. All my youth-
ful playmates were the tsnants of leg cabins; and
all my youthful frolics were played off in log
cabins.
Sir, I delight in the very name of a log cabin.
There is no name in the English vocabulary that
dwells upon my lips with 50 much delight as log
cabin. It brings fresh to my recollection scenes of
youthful pleasures, which I have never since, nor
ever will again en]oy. Many and oft is the time
that I thought a day a month, in anxious watch for
the se ting son which was the token for the rally to
the frolic of the log cabin, where I met the com-
rades of my youih in dance, play, and seng. In
the times of which I am speaking, log cabins were
what the term means—a house made of round logs,
one story high, of dimensions suited to the size or
number of the family who were to inhabit it, and
sometimes with reference to an increase, a puncheon
floor, a lin balk loft, and a clapboard roof. The
industry of the matron and her daughters was dis-
played by the thick ft Ids of hnsey frocks, panta-
loons, and hunting shirts, which behung its walls.
Its loft was underhung with stnngs of dried pump-
kins, and its capacity heated and lighted with a
large wood fire frc m iti capacious chimney. So
much for the description. Now for the frolic. The
frolic consisted in dancing, playirg, and singing
love and murder songs, eating johnny cake and
pumpkin pies, and drinking new whiskey and
brown sugar out of a gourd. Our dancing in my
jouihful day, and in my neighborhood, was done
to the performance of an old Irishman with one
leg, with the heel of which he beat time, a fiddle
with three strings, to the air of
"Barney let the girls alone,
Barney let the girls alone,
Barney let the girls alone,
And let them quiet be
Judy put the kettle oa,
Judy put the ketlle on,
Judy put the kettle on.
And we'll all take tea."
for, if I recollect right, I think our fiddler played
but one tune.
But let me tell you, sir, our girls were not to be
sneezed at. They presented a form in beauty that
marked the developments oí nature, when unre-
strained by corsets, and the withering dissipation
of fashionable and high life, and their guileless
hearts koked through a countenance that demanded
confidence in their innocence and unsullied virtue.
But, oh! their forms! When you plied your
arm to their waist in the giddy waltz, with the
twenty-five yards of warm linsey iu which they
