April, 1840.___________
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
blishment and confirmation of a system of policy
whose natural tendency is to make the "rich richer
end the poor poorer."
From such a guardianship save the Democracy,
Is my prayer. Under the guardianship of such
me , hard c:der and log cabins would be the lot of
the poor man through all time. Sir, I have more
than once said that a contempt for the intelligence
of the people is a fundamental principle with the
Federal party. I hold in my hand two communi-
nications, which will sustain me in the assertion.
I ask that the Clerk may read them.
The Clerk read:
"From the Osweg* Palladium.
"GENERAL HARRISON.
"We call public attention to the following moat extraordinary
reply, made by General Harrison's committee at Cincinnati, to
a letter addressed to him by the Union Association of this vil-
lage. We ate obliged to a member of the Association for a copy
ofthe letter addressed by it to General Harrison, and a copy of
the letter of the committee, in reply thereto. We assure the
public tin correspondence is genuine.
"Oswbgo, January 31,1840.
"To the Hon. William H. Harrison:
"Dear Sir: In accordance with a resolution of the Union As-
sociation of Oswego, I am instructed to propose three questions
to you inrelation to subjects that a large portion of this section
of the country feel adeep interest in.   The first is—
"Are you in favor of receiving and referring petitions for the
immediate abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia!
"Secondly—axe you in favor of a United States Bank, or some
institution similar to that for the safekeeping and distributing
of the public moneys, and for giving a uniform currency
throughout  the United States?
"And lastly—Would you favor the passage of a general
bankrupt law by Congress, so that its operations might be
equal in all the States of the Union.
"I have only to say, sir, that the above inquiries are made in
accordance with the unanimous wtBhes of this association, the
members of which, I am instructed to say, entertain the highest
regard for your past services, and hope, should you be elected
to the high office to which you are nominated, that nothing
may occur to lessen you in the estimation of a great and free
people.
"1 am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
"MILES HOTCHKISS,
"Corresponding Secretary."
"Cincinnati, Feb. 29,  840.
"Oswego Union Association:
"Gentlemen: Your letter of the 31st ult. addressed to Gen.
Harrison, has been placed in aur possession with a view to early
attention. This is unavoidable in consequence of the very
numerous letters daily received by the General, and to which
his reply in person is rendered absolutely impracticable. As
from his confidential committee, you will look upon this re-
sponse, and if the policy observed by the committee should not
meet with your approbation, you will attribute the error rather
to ourselves and his immediate advisers, than General Harri-
son. That policy is, that the General make no further decla-
ration of his principles for tne public eye whilst occupying hie
present position. Such course has been adopted, not for pur-
poses of concealment, nor to avoid all proper responsibility;
but under the impression that the General's views, in regard to
all the important and exciting questions of the day, have here-
tofore been given to the public, fully and explicitly; and that
those viewB, whether connected with constitutional or other
questions of very great interest, have undergone no change.
The committee are strengthened in regard to the propriety of this
policy; that no new issue be made to the public, from the consi-
deration that the National convention deemed it impolitic at the
then crisis to publish any general declaration of the views of
the great Opposition party, and certainly the policy at the pre-
sent remains unaltered. In the mean time, we cannot help
expressing the hope that our friends every where will receive
the nomination of General Harrison with something akin to
generous confidence. When we reflect upon the distingushed
intelligence of the nominating convention—how ably all inte-
rests were represented in that body; we certainly have a high
guarantee, that, should General Harrison be the successlul
candidate for the Presidency, that office will be happily and
constitutionally administered, and under the guidance of the
same principles which directed our Washington, Jefferson,
and Madison. Believing you will concur with us in the pro-
priety of the policy adopted, we have pleasure la subscribing
ourselves,
Vour friends,
DAVID GWYNNE,
J. C. WRIGHT,
O. M. SPENCER.
H. E. Spbncbe, Cor. Secretary.
[Mr. Duncan was proceeding, when Mr. Ma-
son of Ohio interrupted him, and asked to explain.
Mr. D. gave way. Mr. M. said that he had seen
a communication in a Buffalo paper denying the
genuineness of these communications, (just read,)
and that he (Mr. M.) felt himself at liberty to pro-
nounce the whole a forgery.]
Mr. Duncan resumed, and responded that he
presumed bis colleague [Mr. Mason] knew nothing
about the matter; and that he (Mr. D.) felt him-
self at liberty to pronounce it no forgery, and that
the whole correspondence is genuine, and precisely
as representad on the paper which was juu read;
and this he was authorized to say, not only from
Ihe presump'ion contained on the face of the paper
itself, but from other information upon which he
could rely. Sir, it is genuine; and what are the
impressions this correspondence must make on the
mind of every man who may read them? They
are twofold. First, they convey the idea most
forcibly, that, owing to physical and mental imbe-
cility, the party have been compelled to assign
political keepers to General Harrison, and the ne-
cessity of this measure, with those unacquainted
with General Harrison, will be forced upon the
mind, when it is known that he is now in or near
the seventieth year of his age; a period of life
when the heart beats slow, the blood flows slug-
gishly, the limbs become palsied, the watery eye
grows dim, the voice trembles, the muscles wither,
the " pantaloon becomes slippery," the memory
takes wing, the empire of judgment totters, and the
mind sinks in human frailty.
The appointment of the committee must give rise
to a supposed necessity, and that necessity will find
its reason in the natural lrailties of three score and
ten. It is not for me to rescue or relieve General
Harrison from the difficulties and imputation with
which his friends embarrass him. It is for his
friends to explain away these imputations. But,
second: the answer of the committee will not fail
to make the impiession, either that General Harri-
son requires political conscience-keepers—because
with him the Federal principles of these times
would not be safe—or that he and his party have
no principles—or that their principles are so ob-
noxious to public sentiment, that it is dangerous to
disclose them. I think the latter proposition is the
fact I have looked in vain fur a demonstration of
modern Whig principles from iheir conventions.
I can see none. There have been noae; nor will
there be any. The object of a committee is to put
their principles under a bushel. Such is the secret
mandate of the State Conven'ion wire-workers—
such is the secret mandate of the wire-workers of
the National Harrisburg Convention; and the lips
of all subordinate committees are sealed. Tne
above committee, inl'oms us, in so many words,
that it is not the policy of General Harrison or his
friends to make any exposition of political faith or
principle until after the election. Like the subjects
•f benighted ignorance of the old world, it is enough
that the priests know the will of God and the mys-
teries of his holy ^word. What a miserable cause it
is that shuns the light; and how unpardonably ig-
norant the political leaders of a party must be of
the intelligence of the nineteenth century—of the
intelligence of this people—who think they can
lead the freemen of this Government, blindfolded,
to the subversion of their own principles, and the
overthrow of their cherished institutions. And
how basely corrupt must be the party who sneak
and skulk from an open, candid, and manly expo-
sition of their political principles. Sir, I say un-
hesitatingly that this corresponding committee has
been appointed for the purposes of concealment
and delusion. I unhesitatingly assert that this con-
cealment of principle arises from the fact that the
Federalists dare not publicly disclose their princi-
ples to the American people. Concealment of
principle, and false glare of military tinsel, are to
be the means by which the people are to be gulled
into the support of Federal men for effice, and ihe
establishment of Federal measures. But, sir, the
effort will be about as fruitless as the coffin hand-
bill mode of electioneering.
In relation to the conscience-keeping committee,
I must say something. Of David G.vynne, I know
nothing persenally; I am unacquainted with him. I
presume he is a clever fellow, and a respectable
citizen, as all my constituents are. I take it for
granted that he is opposed to the Administration
and the Democratic party and principles but not
the less respectable for thai. But of J. C. Wright
and O. M. Spencer, I know something. I know
them to be attorneys at law of high standing. I
know them, as private citizens, to be of
the most respectable order, and I will
take this occasion to invite all who hear me, and
all who may read me, to call on J. C. Wright and
O. M. Spencer, should they have any business in the
way of their profession. No two men in the State
n which they live, will discharge their duty with
more fidelity or more ability. But I know another
thing. The Democracy will find themselves ve-
toed if they make these * gentleman the conserva-
tive* of their political rights.   The log cabin, and
its wool hat inmates, will find themselves in the
vocative, if their political rights are thrown upen
the care and protection of these gentlemen. A
Persian frog could not swim in alllhe hard cider
they ever drank. These gentlemen may have seen
a log cabin in their travels; so they may have seen
a plough, but I doubt if either of them knows to
which end of it a pair of horses should be hitched,
or from which side of the land the futrow should be
thrown.
These gentlemen are not Democrats. J. C.
Wright will feel secretly flattered when he learns
that I pronounce him a high-toned Federalist, from
the first foundation of the world; and if his col-
Jeague is not of quite so blue a steep, it is because
he has not been in the dye so long. Knowing, as
I do, it was intended by the Federalists that the
Democracy were to be gulled by this confidential
conscience-keeping committee trick, I think it was
a manifestation of diplomatic stupidity, that I have
never seen excelled in political manoeuvring. It
was cassiowary siupidity. I think it is the cassiowary
bird, that rests the security of its body in the con-
cealment of its head. The politics of this commit-
tee are too well known. If General Jackson, in
his proudest and most popular days, were to have
put himself in the keeping of these men, it would
have blown him sky high with the Democracy, far
and wide as they are known. If the friends of
General Harrison had constituted
UNCLE JAKE FELTSR,
OLD STEPHEN WOOD, and
JIM GOODLOE,
the Committee of Conscience Keepers to General
Harrison,  the Democracy would have understood
something of the principles and rules of action; but
as it is, they will stand off.    Sir, before I attempt
to expose an extraordinary display of Federal in-
consistency, I will ask your attention, while I ex-
pose an ordinary  one.   The Federal Whig na-
tional ticket is—
For President of the United States,
WM. HENRY HARRISON, of Ohio.
For Vice President,
JOHN TYLER, of Virginia.
Now, sir, I pronounce John Tyler a slave-
holder, and violently opposed to modern Aboli-
tion sm, in all its orms. If I have done him in-
justice, I hope some one of his Virginia friends
here will contradict me, and I will retract. None
•to contradict me?   Then I am right.
How does Gen. Harrison stand on the question
ef Abelition? As I cannot answer you that ques-
tion, and as Gen. Harrison will not answer, and as
his conscience keeping committee are prevented by
rule and the precedent of the convention, I will
ask to read an extract from a letter, which will
give us some light on the subject.
Here is the letter:
"TO THE PUBLIC.
"Fellow-Citizens: Being called suddenly home to attend
my sick family, 1 have but a moment to answer a few of the
calumnies which are in circulation concerning me.
'I am accused of being friendly to slavery. From my
earliest youth to the present moment, I have been the ardent
friend of human liberty. At the age of eighteen I BECAME A
MEMBER OF AN ABOLITION SOCIETY, established at
Richmond; the object of which was to amelioiate the condition
ol slaves, and procure their freedom by every legal means. My
venerable friend, Judge Gatch, of Clermont county, was also a
member of this society, and has lately given me a cenificate
that I was one. The obligations which I then came under, I
have 'iaithfully performed.'
"WILLIAM HENRY HARRISON."
So much for the letter. Now for a -small senti-
ment, which is a part of a speech delivered by Gen.
Hatrison on a public occasion.    Here it is:
"."hould I be asked if there is no way by which the General
Government can aid the cause of emancipation, I answer, that
it has long been an object near my heart, to see the whole of its
surplus revenue appropiiated te that object."
This is the sentiment. It is a unall sentiment,
but b g with meaning; and the very attempt to car-
ry it into practical operation would drench your
stieets in blood, lay waste in wreck and ruin this
land, and sink this Union. Still, sir, I cannot say
that Gen. Harrison is an Abolitionist. He may
have qualified these sentiments so as to make them
unexceptionable, but this is for him, or his politi-
cal conscience-keepers, to show. But, sir, what I
want to call your attention to, is the truth of an as-
sertion I once made on this floor, which was that
all .the contending Federal factions of this Union
will be drummed up and drilled, ranked and sized,
