432
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
46th Como.......1st Skis.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Duncan.
April, 1S40.
H. of Repg.
9 9 9 9 M ? 9 9
" trl~ Kettteett, Thai the conduct of his Excellency, the
Cammander-in-Cniei; WILLIAM H HARRISON, ot ihe
Northwestern Army, on in.  occasion, i« shrotrded in myt-
trry, ami la usperfeelly inexplicable.
tÁJi^ 6 6 6 k 6
"R* r>f<i, That ihe lorecoms: preamble ami resolutions
be ngned bv the general and lield officers and commandants of
independent corpa, approving the same in their own and in be-
half of their reapeclive commands; and that acooy of the pro-
ceedings be delivered by the Secretary to his Excellency the
Governor, and a ropy t  the printer at Frankhnton, and each
ol the printers in Chillicothe, with a request that all the
punters in the State would give publicity to the same, also
that the same be signed bv the president and attested by the Se-
cretary."
JAMES MANARY,
Brigadier General, President.
'Attest:
Enu Obbokn,
Brigade Quartermaster, Secretary
Robert Lrcas. Brig Gen.
John McDonald, Colonel.
Jimes Denny, Colonel.
William Keys, Colonel.
John Furqison, Colonel.
Isaac Bonsbr, Colonel.
James Kilcorb. Major
John Wiixet, Major.
Allen Trimble, Major
N   Bsasly, Can   ' it'om't
James Wilson, Major.
1*resly Morris, Brig Major.
John Boogs, Major
Wm   Ritledge, Brig Major.
Richard Mocker, Capt. Com.
Eden Fennimorb, Bri?  Q. M.
WILLIAM KEY BO!\D,
Judie Advocate."
When the name of William Key Bond was pro-
nounced, Mr. D. demanded of his colleague [Mr.
Bond] if he was that man.
[Mr. B. answered in the affirmative, and asked
to explain.
Mr. D. gave way.
Mr. B. said*, in substance, that the officers and
troops at Grand Camp of Ohio Militia, were disap-
pointed at some of General Harrison's movements.
They were thought slow. They considered them-
selves neglected, and feared they were go-ng to be
disappointed in an opportunity to distinguish them-
selves in the campaign, which they had undertaken
in the service of their country; and, without under-
standing the motives which governed the movements
of the Commander-in-chief, he had drawn up the
protestation and resolutions which had just been
read, and submitted them to the officers of the
camp, who considered and adopted them, without
a dissenting voice. He (Mr. B.) had loug thought
the officers had dose General Harrison injustice.
Mr. B. said he was yonng (not over twenty-one) at
that time. Had be had the advantage ot
years, he would have been more capab'e of appre-
ciating the motives of General Harrison, and his
coarse would have been different. He staled that
he held a public communication over ihe signature
of Allen Trimble, which he wished read. It was
read, and consisted of an apology similar to that
which Mr. B. had mac'e 2s above.]
Mr. D. resumed. Mr. Chairman, my colleague
says he was youDg and inexperienced when he
drew up this protestation and resolutions, and signed
them. I Rill ask him if any of the other officers,
whose names are affixed, were older than be was.
Mr. B. answered, j es; nearly all older than him-
self—some thnty, some forty years of age, and
perhaps some upward.
Mr. D. asked Mr. B. if he had ever betore ten-
dered to the public a recantation of his course in
that matter.
Mr. B. answered in the negative.
Mr. D. What is the date of the communication
signed Allen Frimblr?
Mr. B.   It is of the date  f January, 1840.
Mr. D. said, ihese recantations, have both been
made since General Harrison was nominated for
ihe Presidency. Had General Harrison not been
nominated for the Pres dency, they never would
have betn made. It is now upwards  f twenty-
seven years since tbi* spread of infamy overclouded
General Harrison; and never, in all that time, was
this cloud attempted to be dispersed. Allen Trim-
ble was the Governor of Ohio for four years, and
my colleague hasjbeen a member of Congress for
nearly *ix year*. These names, of imposing in-
floence, put afloat a public manifestation of the In-
famy and disgrace that has attached to General
Harrison, and gave sanction to the sirocco breath
of blander for twenty sev«n year;-; and for
that time has his reputation been wither-
in? undtr it, and, what is still more remark-
able, my colleague and the ex-Governor nave all
this time been the política J friends of Gen. Harrison,
and, with him, have lab red at the Fedt ral oar
through all the surges and tempests of parly strife.
I say that the infamy charged upon General Har-
rison at Grand Camp Ohio Militia, an i spread to
the four winds through the public newspaper
sheets, has dwelt with and abided upon his reputa-
tion for twenty-seven years, and if he had not been
nominated for the Presidency, this infamy, without
recantation or explanation, would have followed
his reputation to the grave, and rested upon his
memory for all time. Gontlemen, why did you
not come out sooner with your recantations. I
fear you are now too late. An intelligent commu-
nity will charge you with injustice and ms;i atittide,
or they will charge you with deraagozuism and an
attempt to practise a trick for poht.cal deception.
Wh'ch horn of the dilemma do you prefer to hang
upon?
I think I have shown how mi-erably peurile the
vain and empty Whig boast that "Gen. Harrison's
military character never was assailed until he was
a candidate for President," appears before the om-
nipotence of tiuth, when it is remembered that the
expose I have made 'is from Whig evidence.
It is vainly and pompously boasted that General
Harrison was in more battles during t' e
last   war   than   any   commander in ihe service.
This is not true. General Harrison was not in
a battle during the last war; and I defy his friends
to point out one in which be was present, and
acted m person. What battle was he in? Tippe-
canoe? That was no battle; it was a surprise by
n'ght, and a defeat of the American troops. Pour
or five hundred Indians attacked General Harri-
son's army, consisting of ten or fifteen hundred
of as brave men as ever marched in defence of a
country, in the night, when the General and his
troops were sleeping in supposed security, and
killed and wounded one hundred and eighty of
Kentucky and Indiana'* choicest sons; and retired
at break of day, with perhaps the loss of fortv or
fifty killed and wounded. The fact ihat the Indians
retired at day break does not warrant the charge
of defeat upon them. The attack and retr'ai they
made was according to their mode of warfare. In
the surprise of Tippecanoe, General Harrison and
his men fought bravely; and, under all the circum-
stances, so far as the surprise was concerned, did
honor to the American arms and lo American
chivalry. But let no man so lar disgrace the
memory of those who fell, and the reputation of
those who survived the battles of Monmouth, Bun-
ker Hill, Lexington, Trenton, and many others
of the Revoluuon, by cal'ing that a battle and a
victory, which was a surprise and a defeat. It is
a perversion of terms, and if spoken in any
other spirrit than ihit of gratitude and na-
tional pride, in or out of this coun'iy, will
bring ridicule and deris'on upon him who
speaks it. I say that General Harrison and
his troops fought bravely at the surprise of Tippe-
canoe, and I say so in pride and gratitude; so says
a nation, in the same spirit.
But General Harrison has been censured for
permitting the enemy to select his camp ground.
He has been censured for permitting himself to
be deceived by the friendly pretensions of the
enemy. He has been censured for not causing a
breastwork to be raised as a security against sur-
prise.
But above all, General Harrison has be*n cen-
sured for, encamping his troop-, on a narrow piece
of ground,  • surrounded with a deep marsh as al-
most to cut oif retreat in case of surprise. Skill
to avoid ambuscades and defiles, and in the judi-
cious selection of camp grounds, have always been
considered among the best marks of a prudent and
wise General.
The incautious manner in which Sempronius
permitted Hannibal to lead him and the Roma 
troops into a1! ambuscade, by which they were de-
feated, and almost all cut off at the battle of
Trebia, has ever been considered unwise and fa-
tally imprudent, and has fixed to the memory of
Serupromus ihe character of fiery zeal, rather ihan
useful braveiy. Manjr other latal instances could
be named of like imprudence.
These are matters, so far as they relate to the
battle of Tippecanoe, I know nothing about. I
was a boy at the time, and six or seven hundred
miles from the scene of acuon. I have no prac-
tical knowledge of the matter; nor have 1 the ad-
vantages of the military skill, experience, and
learning, of the two hundred and thirty-nine
members who surround me, all of whom my col-
league [Mr. Corwin] informs us are colonels and
generals; for I have never been a fourth corporal,
1 must leave the decision of the matter to
those who were actors at that time, and to such
experience as that of my colleague, [Mr. C] who
informs us that he is a colonel. But with all my
inexperience, I will venture one opinion, and that
i«, if the Indians had commenced the work of
deaih two hours sooner; or if they had had the
Joshua who commanded the armies of Israel and
Gibeon against the five kings of the Amontes, to
have commanded the sun to stand still two hours,
and there&y given them two hours more of dark-
nets to have performed the woik of death, Gene-
ral Harruon, and every man of his army, would
have been cut off. Not a man, in all probability,
would have bren left to relate the fatal and
bloody story. So much for the "Battle of Tippe-
canoe," of which General Harrison is sung the
hero!
Where do we find Gen. Harrison next? In the
battle of the river Raisin? No: he was not in that
battle; but there were ¡ome circumstances in rela-
tion to Gen. Harrison, associated with that unfor-
tunate battle and massacre, that I have heard
talked of, which, if they existed, are not very fa-
vorable to the General; but as 1 have no practical
knowledge of them, I will agree, if his friends will
do the same, to say nothing about them, and by
such an agreement Gen. Harrison will not be the
loser. But I am to'd Gen. Harrison was in Fort
Meizs when it was attacked; be it so: be was, and
conducted himself well, and behaved bravely; but
that was a siege and a defence: it was no battle.
Was Gen. Harrison a participator in the gallant
defence of Fort Stephenson? No. Governor Dan-
can's letter informs us that "he ordered Maj. Cro-
atian to burn the poU, wiih all the munitions and
Mores, and retreat, without delay, to headquar-
ters." Croghan refused to obey; on the contrary,
continued his zealous and patriotic efforts to
put the fort in a proper state of deience.
The fort was. attacked in ihe manner, and
by the force, as described in the letter which you
have heard read. The defence of Fort Stephenson
was one of the most brilliant affairs recorded in
American history; and earned us commander, and
those who (ought with him, never fading gloiy.
That defecce was the first which did true and un-
varnished honor on the frontier to the American arms.
It revived the hopes and lifted from despair the
whole Northwest, and was the fiist effectual check
the haughty and savage foe met. Major Croghan
and bis brave officers and men have met a reward
in the affections and gratitude of a nation. Be it
remembered that ihe defence of Fort Stephenson,and
all the honor and glory that attended it was in di-
rect violation ot the express orders of General Har-
rison If Major Croghim is entitled to the unmea-
sured gratitude of the American people, the song
of praise to General Harrison will be weak.
What is the next battle in which we may look
for General Harrison? The battle of ihe Thames?
Yes, he was ihere; and of hi  conduct there I have
no laultto find; nor would I name it, except in
his praise, but for somecoinununications now afloat,
evidently started for the base, mean, and unhal-
lowed purpose of crowning General Harrison
with the laurels which Colonel Johnson reaped
in blood on the plains of the Thames. De-
graded indeed must that party be, when the crip-
pled veteran must be robbed of his honors, and be
permited te sink in forgetfulness to the grave, with
his body covered with wounds received on the
field of battle in his country's cause, for the base
purposes cf party. The glorious battle of the
Thames occupies one of the brightest and proudest
