APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
26th Cong •••1st. Sess.
Public Expenditures—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
time than the present to discuss the great subject
of public expenditure; to compare  the expendi-
tures of this, with the expenditures of former Ad-
ministrations; to show forth, in the hearing of oar
constituency, whether this Administration had, by
its extravagance and profligacy, forfeited the con-
fidence of the American people, or whether its
coarse of conduct had been marked by that regard
10 the public interest, by that strict and vigilant ad-
herence to public economy, and by thai untiring ef-
fort t  maintain unimpaired the principles of the Fe-
deral CemfUution, so as to merit and command the
support 0f this Confederacy.     He rejoiced that
thissubject was before the Senate, and that it was
likely to be ffilly discussed.   He would not shrink
from the most fall and ample investigation; and
from what had recently taken place—trom what
had of late been sent forth, by the semblance of
authority, setting forth the expenditures of this Ad-
ministration, and contrasting them with tho*e of
former Administrations—it was due to the Ameri-
can people—it was due to the cause of truth and
of justice—it was due to those charged with the
administration of out public affairs, to set history
right—to present  to  the people incontrovertible
facts—to remove from their minds any false im-
pressions which garbled and imperfect exhibits of
public expenditures are calculated to make.
There is at this very moment an extraordinary
excitement abroad in the land, touching this very
subject.   It is noC confined Within the limits of this
District, but it has reached his own State; it is run-
ning through every section of the country.   Not
an' Opposition journal is to be seen, but what is
manifestly laboring to impress the public mind
with'the extravagance and profligacy of this Ad-
ministration in its expenditures.   Within a few
weeks, if minor can be relied upon, a neighboring
Commonwealth has literally  been flooded with a
document, tending to show the aggregate expendi-
tures of this   Administration.    It probably has
produced its designed   effect  there.    It   was   a
subject upon which the people were peculiarly
and properly most  sensitive.    The  expenditure
of the public money was a matter connected too
intimately with- their interest, not to excite their
attention* and to awaken their vigilance.   Aware,
as^hewas* of what had taken place, he rejoiced
when' his friend from Missouri offered the resolu-
tion, calling upon the Treasury Department fot
information of the  aggregate expenses of the Go
vernment from 1824 to 1839, inclusive.   He knew
not that such a resolution was to have been pre<
sehted.   He had not exchanged a word with thai
Senator in relation to the matter.   He had offered
it,-andoabtedly, To elicit the truth, for the purpose
of counteracting the statements having the sanction
of an <' Exeouave Committee," which was circu-
lating through the country.   He had read the reso-
lution after it was offered, and he could not bat
congratulate himself and his friends that it had
been presented.   The answer was reported to the
Senate this morning, and, in the temporary absence
of the Senator from Missouri, he had moved to
have it printed.   He knew not the contents of the
report, but he daubted not that it was a true an-
swer to the resolution, as offered; and if so, it was
o£'4h*otru6t importance to have it printed.   His
motion iwaa agreed to.
The Senator'who offered the resolution had been
favored,'it seems, with an opportunity of inspecting
that report; and 'he had just given to the Senate a
full exposition pf the contents of the report itself;
and it had seemed to him, who had listened with
fixed attention to the remarks of the Senator from
Missouri, that if there was, or ever could be, an
occasion For printing an extta number of any docn-
mint, this was that occasion, and this was that
document. He had therefore suggested the number
oftfirrti thousand, as the number of this document
that otight to be printed:.' tt was] on his suggestion,
tlMt the motion now pending was made. He
would  */*< could, place this document in the hands
of every freeman ef the Confederacy. The bane
nil'been'sent into every "log cabin" of the coun-
try? Víe wouid'circolate the antidote as extensively.
This w/ * tíué to the Administration and to the
cóühtry.' It was just that description of document
which the people' -éovdá Tead—would  careful
examine and well understand. It treated upon a
subject closely allied with the exactions of tbeir Go-
vernment. A tax paying community have a light
to claim from their public servants a fuil expose
of the public appropriations. They have a right to
know how their money is expended. They have
a right to see whether those charged with the exe-
cution of the laws are faithful, prudent, and eco-
nomical in the expenditure of their contributions.
This is one of the most effectual modes which can be
adopted by the public servant to give up to his
master a lull account of his public stewardship.
He could not expect to have a greater number of
this document, than that named, printed by order
of the Senate; he hoped not to have a less num-
ber. It wa«, he admitied, the largest extra number
usually called for; but the document i'self, and the
time and circumstances, demanded that number.
He would not add another remaik, if the adop-
tion of the motion made by the honorable Senator
from Missouri, upon his suggestion, had not met
with the most determined opposition. As it was,
he should go into a brief examination of the re-
solution submitted by hfs friend, and the not ce
which had been taken of the answer to that reso-
lution. He had not read the report itself, but was
familiar ""^ *-^« terms of the resolution. He
had nevtr exchanged a word wiih the Secretary
of the Treasury upon the subject of h*s report.
He was, however, much gratified when the resolu-
tion was offered to the Senate; and he had nc
doubt that he should be as much p'eased wiih the
answer now given. The information required,
was of the utmost importance, and demanded by
every consideration of justice.
What was the resolution? What was the na-
ture of the information which the resolution was
designed to elicit? This resolution, calling for
specific information, had been before the Senate a
number of days—it had been printed, and Sena-
tors could not but be familiar with its terms. It
required, first, the aggregate amount of all expen-
ditures or payments of every kind from the
Treasury, from 1824 to 1839 inclusive. Se-
condly, the aggregate amount, independent of the
payments on account of the public debt, whether
funded or unfunded. Thirdly, the asgregate
amount for permament and ordinary purpose*, ex-
cluding payments on account of objects either
extraordinary or temporary, and goes on to state
eighteen or twenty heads, under which he included
the extraordinary expenditures of the Government.
The resolution was explicit, and was dtawn up
with great particularity. The resolution required
that the information should be arranged under dis-
tinct columns. The Rtgister of ihe Treasury, upon
whom the duty necessarily devolvsd, had prepared
the answer, and the Secretary of the Treasury
had this morning communicated'that answer to the
Senate—and the honorable Senator from Missouri
had now given a detailed statement of the contents
of that answer. Bat had he not done so, can there be
a doubt that this report is a true response to the re-
solution?—and if so, it is merely but a transcipt
from the public records of the Government. What
occasion, then, to delay the printing until the report
shall have been examined? Is this the usual
course? When calls are made upon the Depart-
ments, are not the answers to those calls ordered
to be printed at once for the information of the
Senate? Is it the usage of this body to lay such
reports upon the table, until they can be examined,
before there is an order to print? No s r. Are not
these reports necessarily made upon the responsi-
bility of the Departments? Does not the report,
now before the Senate, come from one of the Ex-
ecutive Departments? And if perchance the
head of that Department has travelled out
of the record, and incorporated into this repoit
matters and things foreign from, and uncalled for
by the resolution, there will be, in that case, no
disposition, in any quarter of the Senate, to screen
the Secretary of the Treasury from reprehension.
No, sir/that officer has not such a strong hold opon
the affections of those opposed to the Administra-
tion, as to expect favor from that quarter. He
hazarded nothing in saying that the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury would be found to be a
full and proper answer to the resolution.  He could
not well conceive how it could be otherwise. Specific
information is required as to the   public expendi-
tures.    How is that  information to  be  obtained?
From the books of  the  Registeis office.    Tnere
stand  recorded the aggregate  expenditures of the
Government for each year, from its commencement
to  ihe  pie^ent period—there stand  recorded the
payments which  have annually been made on ac-
count of the publ c debt—there s anrls recorded all
the information which  the resolution seeks to ob-
tain.   There could be no speculations of the Secre-
tary in relation to ihis matter.    His course of duty
wat plain, and he had no duubt that duty was wtll
understood and performed     He hazarded nothing,
then, in saying that the report, on the most minute
examination, would be fuund to be an answer, and
nothing less or more than a true answer to ihe reso-
]   lution it*elf.    It seemed  to   him, thr.efore, to  be
wholly wrong  that  the   printing  of   this   report
i  should be delayed until Senates could have an op-
'  portumty of comparing the copy wi h the record,
I  in order to see whether the certificate of the Regis-
I  ter be true or fal«e.
The Senate had learned, in the course of this dis-
| cu^sion, that the aggregate amount of all the ex-
|  penditures   of the Government, or   payments of
every kind from the Treasury, for the year 1824,
had been aboui thirty-two millions of dollars, and
that for the year  1839, they had been  over thirty-
seven mill ods of dollars.    Here was a difference
of over five millions of dollars, which  he shou d
find no dfficulty in accounting for without ímput-
|  in  to the Administration iny extravagance. ThsSe-
|  natehadlearned that the expendi'ures for permanent
i  purposes for the year 1824 had a little exceedsd se-
I   ven millions of dollars, and that the expenditures
i for the same objects in 1839 hid a little exceeded
.  thirteen millions of dollars, making a difference of
about six nvll'on'* of dollars in the public expendi-
i  tares for ordinary and permanent purposes-, be-
!  tween the years of 1824 and 1839.   This difference
j  ihe Senator from Missouri had not particularly ac-
'  counted for; and he could only, from a general re-
i collection of the drcuments which have from time
| to time been laid upon our tables, giving an ac-
count of the public receipts and of the public ex-
penditure:, and also of particular documents com-
municated to Congress from ihe Treasury Depart-
ment, be able now  to  particularize  in  what the
whole of that difference consisted.    He had tables
showing the  public  expenditures  for a series of
[ years; and he might add  hereafter extracts from
tho-,e tables.    In  the first pUce,  the expenses of
! the navy alone, since 1824, had bren increased, by
II   the legislation of Coneres-, nearh , if noi quite, two
millions of dollars. The expenses of the army, in-
cluding the expenses necessary for the «upp Tt of
the Military Academy, had been increased also
something like two millions more. These gieat
additional expenditures in the support of the navy,
and in the support of the army, were not to be
charged to the account of this Administration.
They were authorized by law, and they had receiv-
ed the support not only of the friends, but of the
opponents of the Administration. He did not pro-
pose to look into the journals to see how particular
individual* may have voted on particular mea-
sures. But he presumed that he should not
be contradicted, when he said that every mea-
sure t nding to swe'l the expenses of
our naval establishment, hal receired the
unqualified support of taose now arrayed against
the Administration. Here were, then, two-ihirds
of the whole difference at once pcronnted for; and
is this Administration to be blamed for th's increase
ot expenditure—an increase necessarily connected
with the protection of tlie cfcmmerf e and general
defence of the c>untry—an increase of expendi-
ture demanded by every consideration of patriot-
ism and of justice, and by a proper rrg-id to the
public welfare? Again, the legis'a'ive expenses
between 1824 and'1639 had nect-sssnlv increased
more than a half of a million of t'"!la's. The
expenses of the judiciary had nearly dnuMed within
that time—an increase rendered necessary by the
increase of the population and of the business of
the country. Our light hou«es h*d more than dou-
bled between 1824 and 1839, and the increased
permanent expenses on that account, between tb
