May, 184o.   _________
£6th Cowg«"1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44t
Publie Expenditures—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
roussd to the subject of our expenditures, and
whatever we publish on the subject, I doubt not,
will be closely scrutinized. If there be errors in
the repert, or if be drawn up so as to make false
impression, it will been seen and pointed ou'; but,
if not, it will have its due weight. With this im-
pression, I care not to look at its contents before
giving my rote; but, if any gentlemen desires time
to examine it before he votes, as far as I am con-
cerned it shall not be withheld from him.
Mr CLAY «a* glad that the Senator from South
Carolina admitted that the expenditures of this Ad-
ministration had been extravagant. Coming from
him, it was an admission very important. And
Mr. C. denied both his premises and conclu-
sion; and proceeded to argue that the protective
system was not the cause of the surplus revenue,
and that it d:d not necessarily follow thit a Go-
vernment, with a surplus, would always be extra-
vagant, though he admitted the conclusion to be
correct in regard to this Administration. Mr. C.
pjoeeeded to point out what he thought the ieal
causes of a sut plus, and to specify and comment
upon varióos expenditures of the Administration.
Mr. BUCHANAN said: I rejoice at this day's
debate. It has been the most propitious day lor
eliciting truth which we have seen since the com-
mencement of the session. I's consequences, for
good or fir evil, must be felt, and will be felt, ei-
ther by our friends in the Opposition or by our-
selves.   I am most willing to abide the result.
I do not rise to discu-s any of the great ques-
tions agitated to day, which have not an immediate
bearing on the subject before the Senate. My pur-
pose is, so far as my voice can be heard, to fix the
the attention of the Senate and the country upon
the very question now at issue between the two
great political parties; which is, have the present
Administration been guilty of an extravagant an i
wasteful expenditure of the public money?
As to the result of the next Presidential election;—
I shall never make that a subject of discussion in
this body, unless I should be farced into it by Sena-
tors in the Opposition. In passing, I would merely
say, "Let not him that girdeth on his harness
boast himself, as he that putteth it off." 1 shall
never raise the shout of victory, until the battle
has been fought and won; although I may feel
great confidence in the result. The event, uoder
Providence, is in the hands of the American peo-
ple; and this day's debate will essentially serve to
enlighten their judgment and to influence th«ir de-
cision.
Mr. Van Buren came into office on the 4th of
March, 1837. Since that day, we must all admit
that the Treasury has not been full. On the con-
trary, we have found difficulty ever since in raising
the ways and means. This fact we cannot deny;
and if we have been guilty of extravagant and un-
necessary expenditures of the public money within
that period, we can neither justify nor excuse our-
selves under the plea of an overflowing Treasury.
We desire to escape from this charge under no
such subterfuge. We boldly deny the accusation
of extravagance preferred against us by our politi-
cal opponents, and demand the proofs by which it
is. to be sustained.
In order to establish their accusation, that this
Administration has been guilty of an extravagant
attd nnne^esiary expenditure of the people's mo-
ney, since the 4th March, 1837, they must clearly
and distinctly point out the items and the objects of
this extravagant and unnecessary expenditure.
We call upon them, for: their bill of particulars.
We ask them where, when, and how, have these
expenditures been incurred? Vague and general
charges of extravagance, although clothed in the
most eloquent language, amount to nothing. We
call for specifications—for items. By this report
from the Secretary of the Treasury, we furnish our
opponents with the best weapons to assail us, if we
are vulnerable. It enumerates, under different
heads, all the expenditures of public money since
the present Administration came into power. It
presents the subject, item by item, and makes an
aggregate for the last year (1839) of thirty-seven
millions of dollars. The permanent and regular
expenses of the Government, during that year, did
not reach thirteen millions and a half; and it has
never, to my knowledge, been asserted, either by
friend or foe, that, under any system of wise econo-
my, ihey could have been reduced below this sum.
The remaining twenty-thres milhons and a half
(I spak in round numbers) consist of eleven mil-
lions expended in the payment of the public debt,
which   we   were   compelled  to create ia conse-
quence   of   the   bank   explosion   of   1837;   and
twehe   millions  and   a   half   appropriated   by
Congress for  the purpose of meeting extraordi-
nary and temporary expenditures which we allege
were unavoidable.     We now come to the  very
point in controversy.   This is a question of figures;
and honorable Sinators in the Opposition are called
upon, with the report of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury in hand, to lay their finger upon those items
of expenditure, whether ordinary or extraordinary,
which they condemn.    Let them point out such as
could have been avoided.   This, and this alone, is
the mode by which they can establish the charge
of extravagance against the present Administration.
Now, sir, our case is presented.     The heads of
our expenditure are  before the Senate, and the
people of the United States, in an official and au-
thentic form; and feeble as I may be, I am willing
to take up the gauntlet, and do battle with any of our
political opponents in defence of the present Admi-
nistration against this charge. I shall not refer to the
ournals for the purpose of proving that they them-
selves have voted in detail for the   very   expendi-
tures which they now condemn in mass.   This has
never been my practice.    I take these expenditures
as I find them; and all I ask is, that our opponents
shall come forward and specify, in a distinct and
tangible form, those particulars which they deem
unnecessary and extravagant.
Gentlemen, in the first place, fix fifieen millions
of do'lars as the proper annual expenditure of the
Government, and then charge the Administration
with extravagance, because it has exceeded this
imaginary standard. The present report of the Se-
cretary of the Treasury exposes, in the clearest
light, the fallacy and the injustice of such a course.
Among the items constituting the twelve and a
half millions of the extraordinary and temporary
expenditures during the last year, we must cer-
tainly find the evidence of this extravagance, if it
is any where to be founá. Can any Senator spe-
cify a single expenditure upon this list which ought
not to have been made? In it the items for Indian
wars, for the purchase of lands from the In-
dians, and their removal west of the Mississippi,
amount to a large sum. Bat who will say that the? 
expenditures have been unnecessary? The present
Administration, when it came into power, found
an Indian war raging on our Southern frontier.
This war was more savage, if possible, than any
war which the savages had ever waged against
us. Men, women, and children, were murdered
indiscriminately. Would any one of our friends
on this side of the House, stop to calculate the
cost of defending our citizens against such a cruel
and treacherous foe? I answer, not one. If mil-
lions more had been necessary for this purpose,
they would themselves have granted these million".
With what justice, then, can the Administration be
censured for this expenditure? Extravagance in
this particular can with no more justice be charged
on Mr. Van Buren, than on the Emperor of China.
He found the Florida war raging when he came
into power; and he was bound, by the most impe-
rative obligations, to apply the money granted by
Congress to the defence of the country. Had he
acted otherwise, he woald have violated the
highest duty of hi* station; and yet this is
a heavy item in the extravagant expenditure
with which he is charged. It is perfectly
fair for gentlemen to examine carefully the manner
in which this war has been conducted, and if they
can find any thing in it justly censurable, to hold
it up to public view. But the war itself, and the ne-
cessary expenses of conducting it, were inevitable.
Then as to the removal of the Indians and the
purchase of their lands. This policy was, I be-
lieve, commenced under the administration of Mr.
Monroe, and has been steadily pursued throughout
all the succeeding Administrations. The object
has now happily been almost accomplished. Is
Mr, Van Buren chargeable with the expense in-
curred by pursuing this policy? It Indian treaties,
ratified by the Senate, and sanctioned by Congress,
had required the expenditure of five or ten mil-
lions more in removing the Indians from the States
east of the Mississippi to the west of that river,
who could have fairly charged Mr. Van Buren
with extravagance in this increased expenditure?
Is there any Senator who would restore the In-
dians te Georgia, and the other States from whence
they were removed, even if, by doing so, he could
restore the cost of tbeir removal to the public
Treasury?     Not one.
The most extraordinary item embraced in this
general charge of extravagance, is the large
amount of indemnities paid by the Treasury to
our own citizens, for losses sustained by the
injustice of foreign Governments, and which the
administration of General Jackson obtained from
these Governments by its vigorous and suc-
cessful policy. These sums were paid into
the Treasury in trust for the claimants, and of ne-
cessity they were paid out to these claimants. And
yet this very disbursement contributes largely in
swelling the aggregate expenditure of the last
year to $37,000,000, and is thus made to constitute
one of the items of proof to establish the charge of
extravagance against the present Administration.
I might examine in detail the whole list of these
extraordinary and temporary expenses of the Go-
vernment during the last year, and ask which
one of them could have been avoided; and the an-
swer to each individual question must be the same.
They were all necessary. Mr. Van Buren is faiily
chargeable with none of them. Point out when,
and where, and how, he could have avoided or dimi-
nished any of them. Unless you can do this, you
give up the question.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] takes up the expenses of the civil list. He
compares their aggregate amount with what it was
a number of years ago, and shows that it has in-
creased. This increase has been rendered abso-
lutely necessary by the increase of our rapidly ex-
tending country. But he deals altogether in gene-
rals. He does not descend to particulars where
we could meet him.
Here Mr. CLAY said, I do descend into parti-
culars. I memioned the increased number of cus-
tom-house officers.
Mr. BUCHANAN. The gentleman refers ge-
nerally to the custom-house oificers. What kind
of a bill of particulars is this? If the number of
custom-house officers has been increased, let it be
shown that this increase was made without neces-
sity, and was not required by the public service.
This, I think, will prove to be a difficult task. Let
the subject be minutely investigated.
This is not a question to be carried by eloquent
appeals, but by a close examination of facts and
figures. The Secretary of the Treasury has laid
the case fairly open for gentlemen: and if there
has been any expenditure not justified by necessity,
I am willing to unite with them in condemning it.
Three years of the expenditures of the present
Administration are now before the country; and I
shall expect, at an early day, to hear from our
friends in the Opposition on this subject. I repeat
aga'n, let them point out the items of extrava-
vance; and if we who" are the political friends of
this Administration cannot defend each one of them
in detail, we must suffer the consequences. The
people (of this country have a right to know whe-
ther any, and, if any, what, amount of the thirty-
seven millions of dollars paid out of the Treasury
during the last year, has been expended without
necessity.
Sir, the necessary expenses of this Government
must go on increasing. No human prudence or
foresight can prevent it. All that we can do, is to
take care that not a dollar shall be expended which
is not necessary to promote the interest or defend
the honor of the country. You might, with
equal propriety, say that the same quantity of
cloth would make a garment for the full grown
man, which was sufficient for him when he was a
little boy, as to allege that the necessary expendi-
ture for this country, now embracing twenty-six
States and three populous Territories^hould-be limit-
ed by what they had been ten or twenty years ago.
