442
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
£6th Cowg«" 1st Skss
Cumberland Road—Mr. J)avii.
H. of Reps.
The   position caanu, tot a moment, be main-
tained.
| «gree witi  the Senator from Son h Ca*oltni,
[Mr. Preston] that soon I pol cy dictates to ik to
lacreas* our navy. It is our bt-st an I mast ni-
toral defence aaam<t a forugi foe, and our com-
merce, wh-ch is spread over every se i, dt mands ad-
ditional protection. Rut, according t > the po i-
noos assumed by gent'emen, the appropriations
which taav be made bv Consress to cairy this po-
licy «to effect, would constitute, in the aggu g\te
ot the account current, a heavy item of exirava-
gant expeodiiare against the President, who should
execute oar will.
The present issue is precise and limiied in its
character. Have the expenses of tne G ive'nment
been extravagant «nice the 4n Match, 1837? We
are ready lor the trial. Ttus question, however,
is not to be decided by comparing the agjregatps of
expenditures for the years 1337, 1338, and 1339,
with the aggregate for previ >us years, n hen there
were no Indian wars—no Indian lands to br pur-
chased, nor Indians to be removed, and none ot the
other enumerated extraordinary expenses to be in-
curred.    1 h*ve nothing mere to say.
Mr. CALHOUN. My obj ct, when I first ad-
dressed the &?nal* on this snhj.ct, was neither to
acense nor defend the Adm n.stration. It was
much higher—to state tacts p->int out causes, and
trace consequences In affirming that there had
been a pen >d of extravagance, I made no particu-
lar-reference to th -present Administration, but, on
Ihe contrary, asserted at the ti ne that the period of
economy had commenced. But, as fie Senator
from Kentucky had thousht proper to refer what I
had said to the existing Admm s ration, I 'eel my-
self called on, as an act oí juries, to state my ím-
presston how far they are or are coi r^spon ib!e, in
reference to the subject of cuco^sion.
There certainly remains mu-h to oe done to
complete the work ot retrenchment and economy;
but, as far as I can judge, it won 1 be rtoinir great
injustice to deny that, in the rank-, of fie Admin'i-
tranon, time exists a siren? desire to reform the
expenditure!, and that a good deal has been done
already, undet circumstance* of no small difficulty.
So strong has been this spirit at the present session,
that thus far few bills hive pass d, involving ex-
penditures, to which I could not cheerfully give my
assert. But I attribute tb.3 reformation to the ex-
hausted state of ihe Treasury. I know well,
from past experience, if ths Treasury had b-en
fall, the money would be spent. It would not
have been in the power of this, or of any other
Administration, to prevent it; and I take the ooca-
s.oa to repeat, that I rely on an f mp'y Trea«,ury,as
the only certain remedy against extravagance.
The most that can be done by the Administration,
is to bring down the expenditures wi h the dimi-
nishing means of the Treasury. This is no difficult
task, and necessarily requires time. I ask the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky, in all candor,
whether it would be possible for the Adminis ra-
tion to reduce thi expenditures to the proper
8'andard, all at once? Take the pennon lists.
There are about forty-fonr thousand remaining on
it, at a cost of upwards of three millions annually.
Caa that be got clear of at once? What can be
done under ibis vast head of"*expenditure, but to
arrest the farther progress, and to leave it to time
to retrench? I appeal to all whether there has not
been great vigilance for the last two years, to pre-
rent the increase of the lists, or whether more
could well be done in that particular than has been?
Again; take the Seminole War, for which the pre-
sent Administration is not criainly responsible.
They found it exwtmj.and how could they prevent
the heavy expenditures from, that source while it
continues to exis?
I have had, sir, some experience on the subject
of retrenchment and economy. It was my fortune
to administer the Department of War under Mr.
Monroe. The Department was in a state o' great
disorder, and the expenditures extravagant. I went
in wiih the determination to use my best efforts to
economise and retrench, to which 1 devoted my-
self; but I found the task a work of three years of
incessant tabor, before it could be accomplished, to
any thing like satisfaction to myself.
Tne Sen nor hasas^e ted on th's as well .is other
ocv^as on\ that the Untf was net the eansv. of the sur-
p!u  revenns, hot that it wa. cau ed by the prbl c
lands. A very few remarles vu t, l'tru-', -at^ty
the S-nator h'trselt that he is in eiror. Tne t.rnf
'it 1825 raided th  duties, oiai avcag , o' all th 
inports so high, that reirly one-hi!f in vaUie I all
tie goods impoitej was paid to ihe custom house;
th« is, out ot an import ot about Mxty milli >ns ot
do'lars, th; Government follee'ed about thrty mil-
lion*. That was about the amount of the imp >rts
when the compromise act passed. S nee ihen our
domestic exports have ri^-en to nearly 100 000,000;
wh'ch, adding th* profits oft-ade, and the whale
fishery, with tther tesi urces, would cive an import
ot not le«s than one hundred and twenty or thirty
millions, and which, ilthe tariff of 182-> had not beci
reduced, would htve given an income (rom the cus-
toms of sixty or .«eventy mil'ions. Could so large
an amount have beencol'ected without a heavy sur-
plus? It may, indeed, be said, that if the tariff
had not been reduced, ihe exports would not hive
b en increased, but that would place its oppressive
character in a still stronger light. The ot>|eetfor
reducing the tariff was in part to get e'ear ot thsex-
cels of revenn°; but notwithstanding the reduction,
which bad to be gradual to pievent ihs dt struction
of the maniraetures, the duties were &uffi.i nt to
swell the income from that source to an a-nouni
greatly beyond the expenditures ot theGsvernment.
The turplus, after'h* payment ot Ihe public dett,
and the removal of the deposites, wa-> place 1 in
S ate ban'f; and afforde I the means of ba'ik rtc-
commo^ation, on so large a scale, as to raise prices,
and to give an unbounded impulse to spe* ulation
in the public lands; and hence Ihe revenue from
that source, to which the Senator attributes the sur-
plus. It, indeed, greatly increased H; but properly
considered, it was itself but <-ne of the effects ot ihe
surplus already accumulated in the Trtasury from
the tariff.
But the Senator said that, adm't -\% it ws the
cause, still there was no necessity that the surplus
should be spent: no necessity for spending a reve-
nue of forty or fifty millions of bank paper, passing
into the Treasury annually? Could such a tide ot
paper bs permitted to flow into the Treasury from
year to year, without flowing out through some
other channe? I put the question to the Senator,
would not us first effect have been to transfer
a large portion of the property of the coun-
try to the banks, and their favorites, and
finally, on the reilux of the tid-, to leave
them in the embarrassed and prostrated condition
in which we now find them? Is not, in fact, the
present cond tion of the country, proof conclusive
of the truth of what I have asserted?
(Mr. Clay. The accumulation might have
been prevented by ihe distribution of the surplus.]
Yes, it might, and I accordingly made the quali-
fication, that it must be spent, or got e'ear of sime
other way; but the Sena'or knows my objections
to the scheme of raising a revenue for distubu'ion.
It may be expedient to get clear of an accidental
surplus to avoid a greater evil, by a deposite with
the States, as was the case in 1836; but of all mea-
sures, I regard a permanent distribution of the re-
venue, as the most fatal effect that couldgrowout
of a surplus revenue. As bad as are extravagant
expenditures, it is still worse. We have had the
two combine!, and they, in the short space ot a
few years, have well nigh proved fatal to the
country.
The Senator in conclusion declared against a
high tariff, but asserted, if I understood htm cor-
rectly, that he wa« for protection, and was in fa-
vor oí a system of countervailing, or retaliatory
duties.
[Mr. Clay explained, that he was in favor of
maintaining the compromise act, and of affording
protection within the limits to which it would re-
duce thr duties.]
I c rtatnly understood the Senator to <=ay that he
was prepared to meet prohibí ion by prohibition.
Did 1 understand him coirectly?
[Mr. Clay assented.]
I do not intend to go into the important question
involved; but I take the occasion ot raising a warn-
ing voice against the whole system of retaliatory
dn íes. It would prove worse in the end than the
pioiective *yMem. Go in o it when you may, it
wi 1 be alniost impo'sib'e to get out of it. Begin
the w..r o* duties against duties and prohibition
againsi prohibition, and you will find no stopping
plpce. It will po on. The pa^s ons will be loused
oi both sides. Pride will te enlisted, lfyourai'e
the duty on one article in order to force a leduc-
I    tion on arother, lmtead of reduction,additional du-
nes «-ill be laid to countervail youis If jou pro-
hibit on one article, lo force the removal of prohi-
bition on another, it will in like manner be met by
prohibition  on  some  third  artirle.    In every in-
i    stance there will be less rtsistance to ir creased du-
ties on one side, than to the i eduction of the duties
on the opposite, and to adding to  ihe list of prohi-
bnel articles on one side, than diminishing the list
on ihe other.
I       It is ea«y to see ihe erd.    We should have the
'  protective tariff in the  worst possible  frrm,  still
t,   more oppressive and morethfTuult to throw off.    I
II   proclaim  the  danger in  advance,   and  I callón
11   those interested to be on their guard.
| In guarding against the danger of the retaliating
system, I am not insensible to the unequal and op-
pie sive t'uues under «huh some ot our great sta-
p'es, and especially tobacco,   labor in many of ihe
I c uintries wuh which \ e have commercial rela-
tions, to the great injury ol   boih them  and us.    I
j hApe the folly ot such a policy will yield to ihe
growing nitel igence of tlv ag-, and I do trust that
those who may be charged with the Executive De-
pinmsnt of the Government, will spare no efforts,
n >r lose any opportuniiy, to remove the evil,
ihronsh the agency of negotiation and argument;
but I do trnst that the Government will not go a
step beyond. It would te, at best, but to injure
ourselves in ortler to spite o hers. I hope that
s une more suitable occasion may be presented to
g:> fully into this impor.ant sutject, belore the ter-
i    nunation of ihe session.
Tne question being then on printing thirty thou-
| sand  xtra copies of the report, it was agreed to—
ajes 22, noes 14, as foliom<:
' YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of   Alabama,
1    Cuthbert,   Fulton,   Hubbaid,    King,    Lumpkin,
1    N cholas, Norvell,  Pierce,  Roane, Robinson, Se-
|    vier, Sturgeon, Wall, Willipms, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs.  Clay   of Kentucky, Clayton,
' Dtvis, Dixon, Henderson, Knuht, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Ruggles, Southard, Tallmadge, Web-
ster, and White—14.
Th? Senate then adjourned.
SPEECH OF  MR. DAVIS,
\         OF INDIANA
In ihe Houst \f Reprtsenlatbbts, Jlpril 30, 1840.—
Delivered in\ Committee/of the Whole House,
on the subjeckof an apr/ropriaiioa for the Cum-
berland Road.X             '
The general apVrrpriaion bill being under con-
sideration in Comrnjtieeif the Whole House—
Mr. DAVIS movVd tfc sttike out the following
items:                      \   '
For coast surveys      \                           $125,000
For colonnade to the Treasury buildirg       41,0J0
Ft r completing the Patent Office          -       52,000
For continuing the  Post Office building     125,000
Amounting in the whole to      -           -    $343,000
and mverang in lieu thereof:
"That the following sums be, and they e here-
by appropriated, for the continuation of  the Cum-
berland road, viz:
For the State of Ohio -           -           -     $75,000
For the State of Indiana         -           -      100,000
For the State of Illinois           -           -      100,000
$275,000
To be disbursed under the direc'ion of the Secre-       «
tary of War, subject to all the regulations and re-
strictions of former appropriations "
Mr. D. assured the committee that nothing but
the strongest sense of obligation to his constituents
could induce him to trespass for a single moment
on their paiience, wearied, as he knew they w«re,
by protracted sittings and irrelevant debate    Gen-
