April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
26th Cong......1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Davis.
H. of Reps.
support should have ceased, as soon as it reached
the Monongahela, as this river is one of ihe navi-
gable tributaries of the Ohio. Bat, sir, it was
found quite convenient to consider it as perfectly
constitutional, until it was completed as far as
Wheeling, having passed through a portion of their
territory. Are these gentlemen aware of the fact
that Virginia, Maryland, and Pennsylvania, all by
solemn acts of legislation, sanctioned the passage
of this road through their respective territories?
Do they not know, that by the compact with Ohio,
the general Government is bound to make a road
to and through that State? and in the compact with
Indiana, they are bound to make a road to thai
SUUe, and by ths compact with Illinois, they are
farther bound to make a road to that StaWi Do
gentlemen, ^presenting the old States, know, that
more than three millions of dollars have ben ex-
pended, in making that road east of the Ohio? But
as the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Mason,) has so
ably stated all In? facts connected with the history
and constitutionality of this road, I will not dwell
any longer upon it.
Mr. D. said he cou'.d not refrain from exprés-
ing his regret that there should be sach a manifest
apathy, not to say opposition, tothUworkon the
partof those States through which it passes, sanee
it has been finished and ceded to their jurisdiction.
He thought such a course did not argue very
strongly in favor of their patriotism, to say the
least of it; and hoped gentlemen would consent to
act more magnanimously towards the new States.
Mr. D. said he now proposed to say a word in
«ply to an observation that fell from some gentle-
man near him when he first commenced making
his remarks. That observation was, "Your bill is
killed in the Sena'e " It is certainly a matter of
deep regret to the friends of this road, that they
have not been able to procure a direct vote upon
the isolated propos.tion for an appropriation; be-
cause many members have given us distinct
pledget that upon such a proposition, they would
support us, that did not feel at liberty to do so
when the question was presented to them, as it has
ever been, coupled with other subjects which they
regarded as extraneous.
For a long time we looked to the Senate to fur-
nish us with this opportunity, by passing a bill, and
sending it here for our concunence; bu>, to our
great mortification, this prospect, we fear, was illu-
sive. I propose to advert, for a moment, to one
of Ihe principal sources of our blighted expecta-
tions in the Senate. A very distinguished Senator
from Kentucky—
{Here Mr. Thompson of South Carolina said, in
an under tone of voice, "you admit him to be dis-
tinguished?"]
Yes, replied Mr. D. distingu'shed alike for his
talents and his inconsistency—inconsistent, as well
on this as on many other important topics of na-
tional legislation.
Tms Senator, who for so many years was the
eloquent and vig.lant defender of the interests of
this work—to commemorate whose efforts, a statue
of imperishable material) has been erected on tha
road, near "Wheeling—he,  too, sir,  has not only
given his vote against this measure, for  the first
true, but hs has poured forth a torrent of his min-
gled investive against both  the President and this
great national undertaking.   Like  the gentleman
from New York, to whom I have referred, and
many other leading members of their party, he has
sacrificed this, his own darling and favorite mea-
sure, upon the altar of his unhallowed parly ambi-
tion—as is evident from his remarks, recently made
in  the  Senate.   We are indebted to the efforts of
this Senator, and his only, for the failure of our
appropriation in the Senate; and, in my humb'e
judgment, its consequent failure to become a law;
as I bel eve, if the Senate had given us a bill, we
coflld most undoubtedly have passed it.
But in order th if mi* Senator's coarse may be
.properly appreciated, I d?sire to r¿a 1 a short ex-
tract frooi a speech delivered by lh u gentleman in
favor of t >is roa) i'i January, 1824, io show you
how eloqienty hedi«our-ed at that period in its
favor; and t.ut you nny compare it with his re-
marks recently deliverei in the Senate. (Mr.D.
. was about to proceed to read tfee extract referecl to,
when Mr. Proffit and Mr. Stanly rose simul-
taneously, and gave notice that this part of Mr.
D's speech would certainly be answered.]
Mr. D. then read the following extract from Mr.
Clay's speech upon this road as delivered in Con-
gress in 1824:
"Let me ask, Mr. Chairman, what has this Government done
on the great subject of internal improvements, after so many
years of its existence, and with such an inviting field before it?
Yon have made the Cumberland road, only. Gentlemen appear
to have considered that a Western road. They ought to recol-
lect that not one stone has yet been broken, not one spade of
earth has been yet removed in any Western State. The road
begins in Maryland and terminates at Wheeling. It passes
through the States of Maryland, Pennsylvania and Virginia.
All the direct benefit of the expenditure of the public money
on that road, has accrued to those three States. Not one cent
in any Western State And yet we have had to beg, entreat,
supplicate you, session after session, to grant the necessary ap-
propriations to conplele the road. I have myself toiled until
tny powers have been exhausted and prostrated, to prevail on
you to make the grant. We were actuated to make these ex-
ertions for the sake of the collateral benefit only te the West;
thai we might have a way by which we should be able to con-
tinue and maintain an affectionate intercourse with our friends
and brethren; that we might have a way to reach the Capital of
our country, ani to bring our counsels, humble as they may be,
to consult and mingle with yours in the advancement of the na-
tional prosperity. Yes, sir, the Cumberland road has only
reached the margin of a Western State; and, from some indi-
cations which have been given during this session, I should ap-
prehend it would there pause forever, if my confidence in you
were not unbounded, if I had not before witnessed that appeals
were never unsuccessful to your justice, to your magnanimity,
to your fraternal affection.
'•But, sir, the bill on your table is no Western bill.   It is em-
phatically a national bill, comprehending all, looking to the
interests of the whole.   The people of the West never thought
of, never desired, never asked, for a system exclusively for their
!   benefit.    The system contemplated by this bill looks to great
|   national objects, and proposes the ultimate application to their
I   accomplishment of the only means by which they can be ef-
fected, the means of the nation—means which, if they be with-
held I ram such objects, the union, I do most solemnly believe,
of these now happy and promising States, may, at some distant
(I trust a far, far distant) day, be endangered and shaken at its
centre."
Mr. Chairman, I now propose to give you a few
short extracts from the Senator's remarks, made
during this present session to the Senate, accom-
panied by a word or two of comment. That Sena-
tor says, " that he never thought it expedient to
create a national debt to carry on works of inter-
nal improvement; it was only when it could be
done without inconvenience to the Treas-ury, that
he had been willing to concur in appropriations to
that object."
Now, Mr. Chairman, is it not a matter of his-
tory, that this Senator voted for large appropriations
to this road, for many years after the last war,
when our country was in debt from one hundred,
to a hundred and fifty millions? And now the whole
amount of our Government debt does not exceed
five millions, and there are ample means to pay off
that sum, if the banks would but act the part of
honest agents. This is but a sma'l (ample of his
consistency. Now his remarks upon the constitu-
tionality of this work are as follows:
"The operation of the Constitution of the United States, as to
the construction of artificial roads, has been suspended in all
parts of the United States except in the three States of Indiana,
Ohio, and Illinois. We have had, in effect, two constitutions of
the United States, one for those three States, and another for the
rest of the Union."
Will yuu have the goodness, said Mr. D. to
compare this extract wiih his lemarks made in
1824 (asquotid) in regard to the nationality of this
work. When speaking of his reluctance to vote fur-
ther sums for its continuaation, he says:
"That reluctance was increased by a knowledge of the fact
that the very States, which were thus exclusively benefited,
constantly maintained the Administration which originated and
inflicted this inequality. Nay more, a majority of their delega-
tions has been always opposed to a distribution of the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands, by which other States, as well
as themselves, might have acquired the requisite funda to con-
struct their works."
Here, sir, we have it as one of ihe reasons why
he will no longer support this road, that the States
thiough which it pas-es dared to support the Ad-
ministration, not giving him their votes for Presi-
dent, and thus the people of the new States are to
be afllicted with the Senator's wrath for acting the
part of independent freemen! refusing to abandon
their principles, and refusing to support his hum-
bug of a Land bill. That Senator should have
learned, ere this, that language of intimidation
should be his last resort, if he is dispos*d to cajole
the honest and hardy yeomanry of the West. One
other extract from the Senator's remarks, and I
shall dismiss him.
He says:—
"Another consideration operate  very fctrongly with me to
diwuade me, at the present time, from concurring in the pis-
sage of this bill; and that is the necessity which I think exists,
for a thorough investigation into the causes of the extraordina-
ry expenditures upon this road in those States, and especially
in Indiana."
Here we find the Senator seizsd all at once with
the idea that extravagance exists in the disburse-
ment of the public money, and especially in Indi-
ana. If abuses of ihat kind do exist, I desire most
sincerely their correction, and will go at all lengths
with other gentlemen for that purpose; but I am
unwilling to take the suggestion of the Senator,
"that it will be best to remit this whole subject to
the administration of President Harrison," for I
have an aversion to giving so long a credit on  o
important a subject. There are doubts that both
th« Ssaator and myself shall have passed to that
"undiscovered country," before his proffered tribu-
nal shall have been established.
Now, said Mr. D. I have but one or two obser-
vations to make m reply to ihe gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Pickens,] and I shall ihen
close these my desultory remarks.
The amendment which he submitted when this
subject was first before the House, went to make
void all our efforts to instruct the Committee of
Ways and Means, which commiitpe is unfortu-
nately so constituted that no bill will be reported
by them, unless ihey are expressly instructed to do
so. On that occasion the gentleman gave us his
views in the spirit and tone of one warmly attached
to ihe State Rights doctrines; aBd he and myself,
said Mr. D. are not so far apart upon this subject
as might be imagined. I concur With him in most
of his views of State sovereignly, but we differ as
to the nationality of this work. He admits the
power of Congress, under the Constitution, to con-
struct works of internal improvement, provided
they are of a general, and not local character; for
the benefit of the nation, and not of a State. This
point is so finely illustrated in General Jackson's
veto message on theMaysville road bill, that I must
ask that gentleman and others who think and act
with him, to give that document one more attentive
peiusal. 1 am sure if they will do this, their ob-
jsctions to this great national work will be dissi-
pated. The gentleman from South Carolina has
expressed great fears that the Union would one day
be subverted, on account of the course pursued on
the subject of internal improvements. If the gen-
t'eman has reference to works purely local and
sectional, thera may be some grounds for his
gloomy apprehensions; but of this great national
avenue, of which we are speaking, there can be
no doubt of its acting as a bond of our prosperous
and happy Republic, rather than as a disseverance.
Now, Mir. Chairman, permit me, in conclusion,
to ask if there is not something doe to the people
of the new States, some obligation resting on the
General Government to complete this work in ad-
dition to the many claims I have already recited?
How much, Mr. Chairman, would have been the
value of these public lands, if it had not been for
the labor of the hard-working, tax-paying, mus-
ket-bearing yeomanry of the West, who, with
an enterprise and an industry no where else to be
found, have stemmed the dangers, and braved the
hardships of a border life? These people have
poured into your coffers more than sixty mil-
lions of dollars, the result of their hard earning.
Let me ask, sir, is there i othing due them for all
this? What have they had in return for all their
efforts? I will tell you, sir; a system of national
legislation, suicidal of their best interests. South
Carolina, in her worst days of oppression, never
had as strong ground for nullification, as some of
the new States have had. Your system of land
laws, and the miserable penury manifested in ap-
propriations to this national road, are alike oppres-
sive and despotic; and the small pittance you have
meted out to us ou this work, has only been ob-
tained by repeated begging, and constant importu-
nity. 1, for one, sir, am disposed to change this
tone of begging for our rights, into a demand for
justice! 1 am wearied alike with your tyranny
and your inflexibility; and so long as I am ho-
nored with a seat upon this floor, my hand shall be
raised, and my voice swelled to its boldest r.o.es
of exclamation, in demanding justice ! The time
mau come, and it surely will come, whea we shall
be able to do justice to ourselves, and to prostrate.
