446
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Coico* ••• 1st Sbss.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Farmenler.
April, 1840.
H of Reps.
m ihe dust this M«tuf«r pmctr. When we shall
have thus conquered, we wi ¡ inscribe on our shield
the motto t>f iiie food Old Dom in >n. "Si« semper
tyrwrnms" lithe present generation sha>l tail to
do this, I am tore, sir, no true patriot ot the West,
who loves his rights as a freeman, out would, « uh
his latest breath, mi use into the e\r, of hi:, last and
only son, principles ot resistance to all such ty-
rannies.
SPEECH OF   MR.  PARMENTER,
OF M.VSáAriirSETTS,
M At H«ui •/ ktfret:nut\v*s, Jipnl 20, 1840—In
Coamitire of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the civil and diplomatic appropnat.on
bill.
Mr. PARMENTER said: Mr. Chairman, the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Everett,] who
has jost taken his seat, stated that the cusio-n of
the House, in Committee of the Whole, on the bill
new under discussion, was consí ierabiy different
from what it had been for several years past. That
it bad bten usual to refer the President1* message
to a Committee of the Whole House for examina-
tion and debate, and that speeches on the poli.ical
topics of the day were then made. He has cen-
sured the friends of the Administration tor not pur-
suing tbat course, and for not referring the Presi-
dent's message. Since I have been a member of
this body, ( have witnessed the most unremitted
efforts, on the part of the friends of the Administra-
tion, to hrve the Prendent's message referred for
the purpose of discussion. But it has been uni-
form ¡y objected to by the Opposition. It would be
well recollected by those who were members of the
laat Congress, that scarcely a day passed in the
early part of the session, that a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr Haynis] did
not endeavor to procure a suspension of the rules,
for the purpose of the reference of the message, but
it was always strongly opposed by the Wh'g mem-
bers, and the requisite vote of two-thirds could not
be obtained. The message, therefore, was not re-
fened as usual. If the remark was intended as
an excuse for the wide range the debate has taken
on this bill, it could not be urged that the occasion
for that apology was at all attnbntab'e to the
friends of the Admim>tration; for I am sure, as far
as my knowledge extends, it has always been the
wish of the Administration members to give it the
usual and an early reference. Tne tault is not
with them.
Had not the Opposition on this floor extended
the debate so far as to include within its scope al-
most every party question of the day, the friends of
the Administration wcdld have gladly forborne
many remarks, which they have felt compelled to
make, in justice to themselves and their cans:, dar-
ing the discussion of the bill now before the cc m-
mittee. The necessity of its early passage, and the
great labor it imposes on one of ihe important
committees of the House, (the Committee of
Ways and Means,) to be in constant attendarce,
would have induced them to bave-faken some other
occasion, had it been possible. But it would have
been considered a dereliction of duty to have left
the entire field lo our opponents, and then, ptrhaps,
unable to save any lime. The gentleman from
Vermont again brings forward tae oft-repeated
charges of corruption and profligacy against the
Administration. The accusations are, as usual,
vague and indefinite; but he has made ene remark
which has struck me with some force. He takes
the ground, that no successful invest gations can be
bad without the Executive is of the same political
character with it* accusers. Now,sir, as these charges
are against the Executive, how can the invest ga-
tors be successful in demonstrating charges, unless
they be true1 The Exeeut ve department deny
their correctness. Does the gentleman wish them
to admit they have done wrong when they have
not? Or, does he mean to intimate that there has
not been the most cp-n and freedi«c'osure of every
thing on the part of th  different Department to
committees of investigaron? If so, 1 think he is
mistaken, for it has always been admitted, so far
as I have ever heard, that the greatest attention has
been paid, and the most abundant facilities offered
to evtiy committee of investigation. The difficul-
ty docs not he in the \tfant of a favorable political
Executive for investigation, but in the absence ot
truth in thu vanous accusations brought again«t it.
Tne Secretary ot the Treasuiy has been for a time
the principal object of attack.and every examination
and sciuttny into his conduct, has only mo e and
more demonstrate 1 the fklei'ty and capability of
this efficient offic-r Th* .is-aults upon him, as
well as the President, JjtfVe latterly subsided, and
have been, during the present ses-ion, transierred,
in some degree, to the Postmaster Genera1. But,
after all the attacks upnn him, he is univer a'ly ai-
m tiled to be an officer of consummate ability, and
of great research and mdusuy. It is not my pur-
pose, in mm?, to make a general reply to the gen-
tleman from Vermont; and I have made theke re-
marks rather mciJentally than olherw se. I wish
to «ay a few word* in re'ation to the speech made
by my colleague, [Mr Cusmnq ] some days since,
which was considered by ih* gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Vandsrpoel,] who succeeded him, as
more than ordinarily courteous in its language and
style.
We have been so generally denounced, in no
measured terms, that it is no smalt praise for a
member who, at the present day, ranks under the
Opposition to the Administration, to be compli-
mented fur his gentlemanly deportnwnt in argu-
ment; and therefore I am rather d sposed to attri-
bute some of his views to oversight than to any
other cause, although his reputation for thorough
examination is >uch as to make it a little extraor-
dinary that he should have made the omission of
some material facts.
My colleague quosed from the President's me
sage, at the beginning of the present session, th
followin; passage, speaking of Treasury notes:
"The whol; amount unredeemed now falls shot
of three millions.    Of these, the chief portion i
not due till next year; and the whole wonhl ha*
been already extinguished, could the Treasury have
realized the payments due to it from the banks.   1 f
th >se due from them during the next year shalll be
punctually made, and if Congress shall keep the
appropriations within the estimates, there is every
reason ti> beltrve that all the outstanding Treasury
notes can be redeemed, and the ordinary expenses
defrayed,  without imposing on the people any ad-
ditional burden, either of loans or increased taxes "
And then he assume-  the position that the Presi-
dent expresses hi* belief that no deficit could be
possib'e, but in the event of the contingencies
therein named, which, my colleague states, are two:
first, that it could not happen, unless Congress
should make appropriations to exceed the estimates,
which have not yet been made; and secondly, that
the bank balances, being but about one million of
dollars, were sufficient to go but little way towards
supplying what was proposed to be given by Trea-
sury notes—tbat amount being five millions
Tne idea conveyed by my colleague, although
he, perhaps, does not, in express terms, say so, is
evidently that the President was greatly mistaken,
ur that he intended to make an erroneous impres-
sion on the p-ibl c mind, in relation to the true
s ate of the finances of the nation I, therefore,
regret that he should have overlooked this passage
in the message of the Prssident. It will be found
on page 9:
"The precautionary measures which will be re-
commended by the Secre ary of the Treasury, to
protect faithfully the public credit under the fluc-
tuations, and contingencies, to which our receipts
and expenditures are exposed, and especially in a
commercial crisis like the present, are commended
to your early attention."
I will now advert to the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to which the President refers, and
which was laid before Congress on the same day
with the President's message. The Secretary
says :
"The Department, therefore, is now without any
resort, temporary or peimanent, in ca«e ef ma'e-
rial deficiencies, and considering all the circum-
stances before mentioned, with the dangerous ln-
bility in law to have the whole outstanding Trea-
sury notes paid in at any moment for public dues,
without a power remaining to issue others in their
stead; consjderiBf, also, th  present revulsions in
the commercial world, which affect so seriously
the receip's from both duties and lands; consider-
ing the disasters which are befalling the banks and
rendering our collected funds in some cases wholly
unavailable, and the advances necessary to be
soon made for the large payments of pensions, and
Treasury notes falling due in March, the earliest
attention to new legislation on this subject seems
highly prudent, if not ind spensible, for the effec-
tual security ot the public er«dit."
The President, therefore, did not omit to men-
tion the probability that a temporal v arrangement
would be necessary to relieve the Treasury, even
admitting that a Treasury note issue, in antici-
pating the revenue, may be properly called a loan,
as my colleague contends.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his re-
port, also presests a full view of the various
ether matters which bear upon the finances of the
nation.
But, in relation to the intimation tbat the contin-
gencies had not happened which {would cause a
temporary deficit. It will be recollected iha< his
speech was made a little more than a month since,
when, in addition to ihe proofs I have adduced,
several otbercommunications had been made,which
show that a larger amount of supply for the Trea-
sury might be needed than was an ícipated. On
the 4th of February, the attention of Congress was
called to the state of the finances of the nation, by
a mes age of the President in relation to the judi-
cial construction given to existing laws for the
collection of imports.   The President says:
" The effects wh.ch these proceedings have
already produced, in diminishing ihe amount of the
revenue, and which are likely to increase hereafter,
deserve your early consideration.
" I have, therefore, deemed it necessary to bring
the matter to your notice, with a view to such
legislative action as the exigencies of the case may,
in your judgment, require. It is not believed that
any law which can now be passed upon the sub-
ject can affect the revenue favorably for several
months to come, and could not, therefore, be safely
regarded as a substitute lor the early provisions of
certain and adequate means to enable the Treasury
to guard the public credit, and meet promptly and
fauhfully any deficiencies that may occur in the
revenue, from whatever cau«e they may arise.
" The reasons in favor of the propriety of adopt-
ing, at an early period, proper measures for that
purpose, were explained by the Secretary of the
Treasury m his annual report, and recommended to
your attention by myself. The experience of, the
last two months, and especially the recent decisions
of the courts, with the continued suspensions of
specie paj ments by the banks over large sections of
the United States, operating unfavorably upon the
revenue, have greatly strengthened the views then
taken of the subject."
Again, on the 17ih of February, the President
says to Congress by message:
" I submit to Congress a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, repeating suggestions
contained in his annual report, in regard to the ne-
cessity of an early provision by law for the pro-
tection of the Treasury against the fluctuations and
contingencies to which its receipts are exposed, with
additional facts and reasons in favor of the pro-
priety of the legislation then de-ired.
"The application assumes, that although the
means of the Treasury for the whole year may be
equal to the expenditures of the year, the Depart-
ment may, notwithstanding, be rendered unable to
meet the claims upon it at the times when they
fall due.
" This apprehension arises, partly, from the cir-
cumstance that the laige't proportion of the charges
upon the Treasury, including the payment of pen-
sions, and the redemption ot Treasury notes, fall
due in the early pan of th s year, vu: in the months
of Ma'ch and May, while the resources on which
l* might otherwise rely to discharge them cannot be
made available until the last halt of the year; and
partly from the fact, that a portion of ihe means
of the Treasury consists of debts due from banks,
for some of which, delay has already been asked,
and which may not be punctually paid."
Accompanying the message, of which thi* 1  a,
