APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*6th Cqh«* *1*t Scs*.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Partnenter.
April, 1840.
H ofRspg
If «ay bare been sustained by a portion of the
(heads of the Administration, they have always
discriminated between those which they considered
strictly of a national character, and those of a
more limited in wrest; or, as in some cases of im-
portance, they have viewed them with favor from
an impression that it was the fulfilment of a com-
pact, the payment of an obligation by which the
United Stales were bound. This obligation is de-
nied by some, and 1 only mention it to show that
■one of these local appropriations are defended by
the Democracy on the grrund of constitutional
right to make local improvements, at the expele
of the whole country.
Constitutionality of appropriation, economy in
expenditure, and a simple and secure mode of
managing the public moneys, are lavont  points
with the Democratic party. They wish no patron-
age for party Cr ."«rsonal benefit W« have been,
indeed, denominated the ;:;p^ls twrty," as a terra
of reproach; but what is the fact! In an ^tarna-
tion last year by the gentleman from Ohio, it was
found that, in fourteen offices in the Executive
branch of this Government, out of 374 officers,
193 were Federalists, with an annual compensa-
tion of |269,065; and 181 Democrats, with
#339,140.
I hold it to be a sound doctrine that the Admi-
nistration should prefer its friends, not to the ex-
lent, however, of proscription. \ But so great has
been the forbearance of the Executive with respect
to these officers, it has by som4 of our own party
been considered almost too liberal. It'has been the
uniform custom of the Federal party, when they,'
have gained the ascendency, to Vnakc a thorough
sweep. New York, Pennsylvania, and Maryland,
have been particularly spoken of, for in sogfe of
these States hundreds, from the bi|hest to the low-
est, have been instantaneously removed. Jin Mas-
sachusetts, my own 8tate, where \thefederalists
have been many years in power,\jfpo niments
have always been from their own party, with
scarcely an exception. I have here a list of office
holders in Massachusetts, which h called the "Bine
Book." It contains an account of 830 officrs,
with pay and emoluments amonnting to $226,832,
of which 497 are nominated by the Governor, and
943 subordinates. The remainder are chosen by
the Legislature. Of the number appointed by the
Executive, the Democrats will not exceed half a
dozen. No, sir, the Democratic party do not seek
"spoils." Their wish is to preserve the liberties
and rights of the people, by a faithful attention to
the administration of the public concerns, to sus
tain the Union, by carefully observing the powers
and restrictions of the Constitution, to simplify the
operations of the financial affairs of the Govern-
ment, and secure fidelity in public officers by suit-
able restraint and direction. They disclaim unwar-
rantable interference with the concerns of 'be peo-
ple, bat wish to make all constitutional and whole-
some laws for their benefit. They cannot, indeed,
prevent the evils which arise from overaction in
the trading commnnity, from the unnatural state of
things which arises from this and other canses, such
as the sudden influx upon the capital of the nation,
which mro?e from the borrowing by several of the
States of nearly two hundred millions of dollars
From fore ga nations within a very few years, and
which drew labor from its other employment
for new enterprises; but want of more
capital, and doubts of the productiveness of the va-
rious projects, have thrown back much labor,
which, until it can find a new source of employ-
ment, as it certainly will in a country of as many
resources as this, may cause a reduction in the va-
lue of labor, the effect of which will spread, to a
certain extent, to all the employments of the coun-
try, upon the general principle that supply exceeds
demand. Although some branches of industry are
not affected, as I am informed, navigation, an in-
terest of great importance at the North, is in a
very prosperous Mate, and the high wages of sea-
men almost unexampled.
The effect of this unnatural state of things upon
the revenue of the nation i* referred to in the an-
nual referrenceof the Secre-ary, as follows:
"Should the States not speedily suspend more of
their undertakings, which are unproductive, but,
•y new loans or otherwise, find means to employ
armies.0! laborers in consuming rather than rais-
ing crops, and s ould prices thus continue in man./
cases to be unnaturally inflated, as they have been
of late yeais in the face of a contracting currency,
the t fleet of it on our finances will be still more to
lessen ex pons, and consequently the prosperity and
revenue of our loreign trale. It will also impede
the ¡>a'e of the publx lands by diverting labor
from the soil to work* which, for some time, must
be wholly without profit. Circumstances like
those, with the scarcity of money and high rate of
interest abroad produced by them and other occur-
rences, not necessary to be now repeated, have al-
ready diminished the income in the present year
below what it otherwise would have been, and
will probably manifest their power much more in
the year to come."
It is indeed idle to attribute to the operations of
Government the effects in which itself, or rather its
finances, are common sufferers. The evils are ra-
"■<■!,v passing away. We shall soon have the
gratification °f witnessing industry properly re-
warded and with the assmtance incidentally af-
forded to t e soundness of the currency by the
adoption «f the policy of the Administration, ye
shall witness the nation going on in prosperous
and hfklthy action.
The very great latitude which the debate on this
bijf has nad, will be my apology, if any be neces-
sary, for extending my remarks to some other poli-
tical questions, as matters which have a bearin? on
the two great part es who are now contending in
the country. If the unlimited scope of the remarks
members of the Opposition, during the discussion,
have been listened to, and sustained as being war-
rantable, on the ground that the whole concerns of
the nation, past, present, and future, are legitimate
subjects of debate at the present time, the compara-
tively small consumption of time occupied by the
member* in Congress favorable to the Administra-
ron, will not be considered out of place. And it
is quite important to show that those opposed to
us are uot entit'ed to the claim of being more pure
in their political views that we are, because it
pl c?s in a proper light the authority of their cha-
racteraud influence, which has been, by their own
assertion, ms's ed on as that to which the public
should always look, and that upon which the peo-
ple of the Unit il States could safely rely. Since
the adopt on of the Constitution, and, indeed, prior
to that important event, the people of this country
have ben divided into two great political parties;
the one retaining, to a considerable extent, their
British predilecuons.and doubting the capacity of the
people for self government, and hence desirous of
introducing aristocratic features into the Constitu-
tion and making it too powerful for the great body
the people to enjoy political powers. The other in
favor of a Government of the people, as we now
have it, contending that they are the legitimate
source of authority. The first have been long
known as the Federal, the other as the Democratic,
party.
The Federalists have always supposed the public
«ould be amused by names. Knowing that the
people of this country felt the importance of anew
Constitution, they took the name of Federalists to
indicate an attachment to the Constitution; but the
Constitution they wanted, was one without its De-
mocratic piovistons, and it was owing to the efforts
of the Democracy of that day, that the important
modifications and amendments were made, secur-
ing religious toleration, preserving liberty of (
speech, and the press, with other essential privi-
lege=, lor the great mass of the community; and
without which, the Constitution would have been
an instrument of oppression, instead of, as it now
is, a shield of proteciion.
The character and principles of the Federal
partyare matters of history, and the name, notwith-
standing its asserted origin, and the assumption
that it simply meant a friend of the national
compact, soon became odious, on account of the
objectionable political Unets of the party which
had taken it, and the name has been changed from
time to time, until at the present day, the old Fede-
ralists call themselves Whigs, an appellation asso-
ciated with the patriotism and self-devutedness of
the heroes of the Revolution, but wtmhhasaU
ready, by its present use, bi come so undesirable
that it is, in many parts of the country, abandoned'
and atterups are made to take the name of Demo I
crat; which course, however objectionable in other
respects, is an involuntary recognition of the cor-
rectness and populan y of the principles of our
party.
But the Democracy of the country has not con-
tented itself with maintaining the principle of
equal rights, upon which our Government is
based. It has not been satisfied with securing
to the people all the benefits which flow from
its institutions, in making our country, in practice
as well as theory, one of free principlts,
for the enjoyment of our blessings at home,
in the exercise of our political privileges; but it has
always been ready to maintain our national rights,
to assert the high character of the nation in its
standing with foreign powers. Has the Federal
party ever shown that determination 1 What was
their course during the last war with Great Bri-
tain? Did Ihey not throw every embarrassment in
the way of the Government when it was contend-
ing to preserve the honor of our flag, and to defend
the sacred rights of our seamen, who were thrown
by thousands into the "floating dungeons" of Eng-
land? There they were compelled to fight against
nations in amity with their own, besides being torn
from all that was dear to them-—parents, wives,
children, friends, and perhaps compelled, during the
contest, to fight against the r own countrymen. But
more: I well remember the painful and heartrend-
ing accounts which were daily given of the butch-
eries of the then new settled West by the merci-
less savages; and yet the Federalists continued
every effort to paralyze the Government by dis-
couraging loans, dissuading from enlistments in
our armies and navy, opposing in every manner,
and interposing in every way, obstacles to a suc-
cessful termination of the mighty contest. What
was their motive? The leading men were, it is
supposed, in part influenced by their attachment to
the principles of another Government. Those
who were opposed to the princip'es of our own, an-
ticipated its downfall They were willing to see their
country humbled, if Demouracy should tall. But,sir,
the nation went through the struggle triumphantly.
The fore'gn enemy was beaten, the domestic foe
retired to his lair to await another opportunity,for
attack, and for demonstration that a Democratic
'Government contains within itself the seeds of dis-
solution, and that the great mass of the people have
not the intelligence and virtue requisite for their
own government. I make not these remarks for
mere declamation. I ask «very one to look calmly
and soberly at the facts, and decide whether the
Whigs of the present day are not, like the Federal-
ists of former days, composed of those who want
laws for their own benefit, or who fancy them-
selves superior to their fellow men, and the Demo-
cracy, on the other band, composed of the inde-
pendent, unambitious, and industrious portion of
the country.
But the opposition to the Government existed, to
a great degree, among those who called most loud-
ly on the Government for interposition in their fa-
vor. Their language was urgent, and their calls
loud on the Government. In the winter of 1805
and 180C, the merchants of all the principal sea-
ports in the U. States—New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore,Boston, and many other places of exten-
sive foreign commerce, memorialized Cengress, and
declared that Great Britain was endeavoring to
establish principles that «would totally ptostrate the
trade of the United States; that if her pretensions
were recognised, it would he an abandonment of
our rights, and a desertion of the great commercial
interests of our country; and that reason, justice,
and patriotism required that the United States
should oppose these pretensions, as unsound in
principle, and offensive iu practice, and that the
Government should take immediate and prompt
measures to force our commerce, asseit our rights,
and vindicate the honor and dignity of the
country. It would consume toe much of
•he tirm of the committee if I should read
thes: various memorials, or even extracts from
them.   They are signed by many men who were
