-4*4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
86th Cong.......1st Snss.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Jameson.
H. of Reps.
nothing of bis private character, and would say
nothing of his politieal, with any disrespect to his
memory. His father was a Democrat, and when
that party succeeded ia Massachusetts, he was
' chosen Governor, after a most bitter and severe
^oateu. I have heard an incident related, tending
m show thai it was supposed he took part in the
..contest against his father, to an extent b?yond what
might hare beea expected from the relation in
whkh he stood.
Tim oommutooners went to Washington, but
«hat they did, I believe has never been a subject of
mnch iaqwiry.   They met, on their journey, the
jews of the victory at New Orleans, and tidings
of peace, which blew up their schemes, whatever
they were.
.   Mr. Chairman, I have extended my remarks
.sanen farther than I thought of. I have alluded to
the polities of my colleague, not with any person-
al disrespect, but as he has been selected to be placed
at the head of the party opposed to the Adminístra-
nos I support, and calls upon the people to aban-
don it  and aid in restoring "the Government to the
days of former patriot Presidents," 1 have thought
¿t da* to myself, as well as the canse I advocate,
coming from a section of the country where the
measures I have referred to first sprang into exisv
. cace, to examine the claims of a party, for whom
my colleague is constituted a prominent organ, to
be eatitled to the right of directing us in oar poli-
.ties! course, or at least to see how far their own
position would require us to yield ear opinions to
those they entertain.
II
SPEECH OF MR. JAMESON,
OFMI86OURL
Jb m* Hmm a/ Jbwresmtcttt*, JfyrU 91, 1840.—In
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. JAMESON rose and said, that he had not
iateaded to have made a speech djnng/ihe pen-
dency of this hill, until he was induced Jo do so by
the personal remarks mad* by the gentfcmaa'from
Fenaayivaaia [Mr. Ogle] towards a Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Brawn .} The getjilenyan from
Pennsylvania had indulged in epithe* tofeards that
have
: he have
\nd I men-
gentleman
that I will at-
Seaator, wmch he dared not, nor wi
dene, had that Senator been here, of
been here, to have defended himself
lion it now, in the outset, as I see
ia his seat, that he may have notice
lead to him, especially in relation to that matter,
before I take my seat.   And having determined,
Mr. Chairman, to reply to that gentleman m rela-
tion to those personal allusions, in language that
could aot be misunderstood, I then also came to the
•oaelnmoa to make some remarks on seme of the
anbjeou that had been logged in the debate daring
the progress of this bill: and in doing that, Mr.
Chairman, it need not be expected that I will touch
en the merits of the bill; for that is so unusual, I
. Might, by doing so, be almost considered oat of or-
der, as President-making speeches seem now to be
the order of the day.   Por the Opposition seem
. asnaHim about their candidate for the Presidency,
and, as if sensible of his unfitness for the station,
. aa he has given no evidence of his qualifications for
the same, they attempt by speeches to puff him
into a fit and qualified man for that office.   But,
Mr. Chairman, after all their long harangues here,
to manufacture General Hamson into a statesman
, and a General, they will fail of deceiving and
gulling the American people in telaticn to either;
f#r they understand that matter too well.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Stuart,] Mr.
. Chairman, set oat, as be said, to make a speech for
, heme consumption, and to that end be attempted
to ahow that Mr. Van Buren was opposed to the
Cumberland road; and also repeated the old, worn
out, stale stuff, which has been so often charged,
and as often refuted, that Martin Van Bnren was
«ppeaed lo the late war, and a friend of Rufus
- aviar, and I will not take up the time of the com-
i Jaittee now to reply to mat part of the gentleman's
«mean.   It ha  been again and again proclaimed
nam the stamp, and ftwm the Opposition press; i
has been aa often answered and refuted.   The
people understand it well; thejf have acted on it,
and decided it in Mr. Van Burenes favor.,
But to the Cumberland road,. How does the
gentleman undertake to show that Mi/Van Buren
is opposed to the Cumberland tpadv Wny, he is
opposed to it because the Stcreta/y of the Trea-
sury did not, in his report at tbiiftession, make aa
estimate for an appropriation ¡^br that road, and
had been in the habit of doing it heretofore. That
is the argument, aud that is the evidenc: adduced
to show that Mr. Van Buren is opposed to the Cum-
berland road; and to sustain himself in this charge,
the gentleman has referred to the letter of the ho-
norable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Hopkins,]
who has come lo the same conclusion; and, as I
presume, from the same facts. But in order to be
certain whether the gentleman from Virginia had
any more evidence or fact  to found his conclu-
sions on than thegent'eman from Illino .shad, I will
ask that gentleman a question. Did you ever con-
verse with Mr. Van Buren on the subject of the
Cumberland road; and if so, did he inform you
that he was opposed to it; or have you come to the
conclusion that Mr. Van Buren was opposed to it,
from the same circumstances and fact* as those
mentioned by the gentleman from Illinois?
[Here Mr. Hopkins asweied and said that he
had never heard Mr. Van Buren say any thing
directly or indirtotty in relation to the Cumberland
road, and that he presumed that he had come to
the conclosion that Mr. Van Euren was opposed
to that road from (he same circumstances and facts
that the gentleman from Illinois had ]
Here, tbet, Mr. Chairman, are the circum-
stances and facts from which these gentlemen have
come to the conclusion that Mr Van Buren is op-
posed to the Cumberland road: that i«, that the
Secretary of the Treasu1}* did not give any esti-
mate, in h s report at this session, tor that road—
and that he had done n heretofore. And that is
the whole ground they hare for that opinion. Sir,
they have only taken a partial view of the facts,
and it sometime*, in fact very often, happens that
different men come io different concluso is from
the same set of fact ; then lrt us take a full v ew of
all the facts connected with this road, so far as
Mr. Van Buren has acted in relation to it. Ard it
seems to me that you and I, and the people of the
States interested, must come to the conclusion that
he is not opposed to the road; as he has given no
evidence that he is, but has given strong evidence
that he is not. Sir, this ¡.ame Secretary of the
Treasury, under the direction of Mr. Van Buren,
did, in his repoit to the first session of Congress
after Mr. Van Buren came to the Presidency, give
an estimate for this read; a law passed at that ses-
sion making an appropriation for it, and was signed
and approved by Mr. Van Buren. A similar esti-
mate, by the same Secretary, was made and sent
in at the next session, which was the last session
of Congress; andaCcngress, for the first time
since the road started, failed in making an
appropriation for it; and thereby abandoned
the road. Then, Mr. Chairman, who is
to blame for the abandonment of this road?
Where did it get its death blow? At the hands of
the President or of Congress? Sir, it was not at the
hands of the President, but of Congress. It was
Congress for the first time, at the last session, fail-
ed in making an appropriation for it—abandoned
it. How, then, could the President have acted in
this matter to have, escaped the denunciations of
the Whig parly? If he bad recommended it again,
by directing estimates to be reported for the same,
by the Secretary of the Treasury, after this deci-
sive expression against it by the Legislative depart-
ment at the last session of Congress, he would have
been denounced by the greater portion, if not all,
of these same Whig gentlemen, as profligate and
! extravagant, and as aiming to dictate to Congress
after it had decided against this road, rejected and
i abandoned it.
I     And although, Mr. Chairman, these Whig gen-
tlemen profess that they have united in one com-
,  men bond, to put down Executive dictation, power,
and patronage, yet many of them, from States not
immediately interested in this road, in order to pave
I  the way oat of which political capital could be
I made to operate against the President at the next
Presidential election in (he States interested in this
road, have declared upon this floor that they could
not vote to appropriate money to carry on this
road,   because   it   had   not been   recommend-
ed    by    the   President;   that   is,   because   es-
timate?    had    not    beea    iurnished    by    the
Secretary of  the Treasury; and the   gentleman
from Illinois, in order to follow this lead, and carry
out this arrangement, has declared that the Presi-
dent was opposed to ihi  road, and that that oppo-
sition was the cause of it, failure.   Away with
such stratagems and ar.ifices, such hollow   pro-
fessions;  you   cannot deeeive the  people   in the
West by attempting to throw such chaff and du&t
in their eyes; they understand you and your course
too  well;  they will believe   that you  who have
voted against it, would have done so if the Secre-
tary had  sent in  the  estimates; they will believe,
and correctly   too,   that this pretence   has   been
fine 1  out, and served up for the occasion; they
know that you have  been raising the "hue and
cry" for the last eight or ten years against Ex-
ecutive  dictation, and  they  will not believe you
now when you come out and say that you cannot
vote an appropriation, because the Executive did
not di tate it; they will believe that yeu have sa-
crificed this road to electioneering purposes, and
that the President has had no hand not fault in it.
Tne last session of Congress took the responsibility
of giving this measure its death  blow; and Mr.
Van Buren pursued the course of hi* predecessors,
and paid respect to that expression of opinion on the
part of  Congress: and   as Congress took   that
lesponsibility,  it was  their  duty to take  the re-
sponsibility of resuscitating and reviving it. The
Executive, then, as in duty  bound, will  pursue
your lead.   Then let it be revived by the same
hands that  killed  it; and  let  us  hear  no more
of th'S stuff, that we should do  nothing,   un'ess
the President direct  us lo  do it; -this   doctrine
may suit Whigism, but it  does not accord with
Democratic principles. But, Mr. Chairman, there
is another cause for the downfall of this road—it
was  first diseased by the acnon of the Legisla-
ture of the State from which the gentleman, [Mr.
Stüart] came.   That  body determined that the
road should not pass through that Stale, unless it
struck the Mississippi at Alton.   It was ihe enter-
ing wedge  to  its destruction.    The fr.ends of it
falling out among themselves about its location,
weakened it.     ihe  enemies of  it   seized upon
this circums'ance, and  worked its rum—at least
for the present, and I now have but little hopes of
it being revived again until forty-three, after the
new   census   is   taken,   and   the apportionment
thereon   made.     Mr.     Chairman,   the   gentle-
man   from  Illinois   b'ew hot, and he blew cold
in   the   tame   speech.     First, that the Execu-
tive   assumed too  much   power, and to much
dictation; and secondly, that he did not assume
enough of either; and m connection with the first
branch of his argument, I am led to notice a poli-
tical  doctrine advanced by the gentleman   who
preceded him—the aged and learned gentleman
from Massachusetts   [Mr.  Saltonstall J    That
gentleman said "ihat General Jackson  was  the
first  President who  had ever advanced  the idea
that he was the immediate representative of the
people, and was responsible to them for his acts,
and not to this body." Now, Mr. Chairman, I must
beg leave to differ from that gentleman.   That
doctrine is as old as  the Constitution itself; yes,
sir, as old as the opinions of Jefferson and Madison,
in relation to our frame of government.    I had
always been   taught to believe,  that this was a
Government of the people—that the people were
the sovereigns—that all the officers of the Govern-
ment were their servants, or agents, appointed to
administer the Government and laws for their be-
nefit—that they were responsible and accountable
to the people for their acts—and that the three de-
partment* of Government, ihe Legislative, Execu-
tive, and Judicial, were created to form balances
and checks on each other, and to that end were
made independent   sf  each other,   but   the of-
ficers of all three dependent on and responsible
to  the people for their  acts—and   that no one
department  was ever intended to be dependent
on, or responsible to, either of the others for its
