April, 1840.___________
26th Cono""1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
appropriation Bill—Mr. Jameson.
H. of Reps
acts, bat precisely the reverse. Sir, it is that in-
áependence of each other, and responsibility of
each to the people, that constitute the beauty and
strength of the frame of oar Government. It is
the corner stone, the arch,! the basement, upon
which the superstructure is reared. It is that up-
on which the liberty and freedom of the people
rest; and it is that upon which the principle is es-
tablished, that all power in this Government ema-
nates from, and concentrates in, the people; and
this is Gen. Jackson's doctrine: yes; and I will in-
form the gentleman that it is now, and has been
since the formation of the Constitution, the doc-
trine of the Democracy. He says that the doc-
trine of the old Federal party was, to add more and
more power to the Executive, so, I presume, that
it might be enabled to bring the other departments
with n its control, and thereby destroy the liberties
of the people. But now, forsooth, the doctrine is
as far on the other extreme: the Executive now
mast be responsible to the Legislature, instead of
the people: any shifts, or new experiments, to
overturn Democracy. But Democracy, and the
principles of the Democratic party, have been one
an ithe same thing, since the formation of the Con-
stitution; that is, to carry out the principles of the
Constitution, as intended by its framers; not to
permit one Department to encroach, or be depen-
dent, apon another, but to let each perform the du-
ty assigned it by the Constitution, and law made in
pursuance thereof, and to huid them all strictly ac-
countable and responsible to the people for their
ads.
But if the doctrine of the gentleman be correct, I
hope kt will no longer complain of the President
for not making out an estimate for the Cumberland
road. As he is to be responsible to this Hou-e for
his acts, the House then, as a matter of course,
whether the President told them to do it or not,
should hare taken the responsibility of making the
appropriation for the road, and I am in hopes the
gentleman from Illinois will also come to the same
conclusion, when be looks back to that part of his
speech complaining so much of Executive dicta-
tion, and noiccme to the conclusion (for if he does
be will find himself mistaken) that trie people of
Ohio, Iadiana, Illinois, and Missouri, are so igno-
rant' that they can be humbugged by such palpa-
ble inconsistencies.
Mr. Chirman, a few more words in relation to
this road, and 1 will have done with it for the pre-
sent.   Sir, if the principle iet forth by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Stuart,] in that  part of
his speech last alluded to, and by o her Whig gen-
tlemen upon this floor, be correct—that Congress
should make no appropriation, or do any thing un-
less it is recommended or directed by the Presi-
dent—then Congress ought not to consume the
people's   money,   by    investigating,   discuss,ng,
debating   and   originating   measures;  but meet,
ascertain  the   President's   will, do   it,   adjourn,
and   go   home.     But  such   are  not the  prin-
ciples of   the Democratic  party; nor  have those
gentlemen pretended that it was theirs in relation
to any thing else but this road, except where the
Cons itntion or law required it.   Hence I am irre-
sistibly brought to the conclusion that their object
is to gall the people in the Sta'es interested, by
trying to make them believe that it was the fault of
the President, and not of Congress, that this road
has failed at this session.   In relation to this road,
the President was not required by the Constitution,
or any law, to furnish estimates; and I repeat
again, that he has given evidence that he was in
favor of the road, by furnishing estimates for the
road every session of Congress since he has been
President,untilCongre«s abandoned it,and by signing
die only bill that passed since he came into the Pre-
sidency, making an appropriation for it.   Nor has
he said one word against it in his message, or any
other writing, or verbally.   There is not, therefore,
one particle of evidence or foundation for the asser-
tion that he is opposed to it.   Sir, he knew, as
.  every unbiassed, intelligent man must know, that
as Congress first took the responsibility to abandon
it, it was their duty first to take the responsibility
, of reviving it; and when that is done, if it be before
his next Presidential term expires, my word for it,
he will continue to furnish estimates again for it,
until it is again abandoned by Congress.
I now, Mr. Chairman, come to the opposing
candidate for the Presidency, Gen. Harrison, and
will inquire into his principles and qualifications.
And I will firt>t show that he is either an Abolitioi-
i t, or that he is favoring their schemes; or if he is
opposed to the Abobitioni*.ts and their schemes, he
is aiming to get their votes, and will then deceive
them, and his friends may take either horn of the
dilemma. Second, that he is a high protective ta-
riff man. Thud, that he is in favor of the United
S'a'es Bank. And fourth, that he was identified
with the Federalists during the administiation ol
the elder Adams, and thai there is no proof oí his
having changed his principles since. ^''Aiid fust, as
to Abolition.                                 ,
Mr. Chairman, I presume that/t cannot, and
will not be denied thai Gen. Harmon will receive
the votes of the Abolitionists, amd that it was
through and by their upited influence and exertions
that he received the nommatio/for the Presidency,
by the Harnsburg Convention^ over Henry Ciay.
And, sir, a "man is known ¥y his company;" and
if we hi>re no eiher evident , it is a safe mle to
presume that a man is of "he same principles as
those through whose influence he is nominated, or
succeeds to office, for It is/almost universally true
that he will serve those wMo promote him to office
Then, if elected, Genv Harrison will ewe that
election to the Abohlidn/sts; he will be under the
greate t possible obligation to ihem, and will, as a
matter of course, favor their schemes. But, sn, I
will show, by a train of evidence and circum-
s'ances, that it was through the influence of the
Abolitionists that Gen. Harrison received his no-
mination. I hold in my hand a circular, issued
from Albany, New York, accompsn ed by a letter
of a Mr. BlooJgood, and circulated through the
Northern States ju t p^ecedin^ the meeuns of the
Harnsburg Convention^ in order to malf way and
prepare the m nds of that convention to nominate
Harrison over Clay; and one of the main reasons
assigned is, that the Abohtionis's would not sup-
port Clay, and, as a matter of course, wou'd sup-
poit Harrison.
Here is the letter and circular; let ih^m speak
for themselves.   The Clerk will read them:
"Albany, Oct 23,1839.
"■To the Editor of the Sangamo Journal
"Dear Sib: 1 eend you (confideitiiaUy) t circular which is
circulating here, and is producing great effect. Mr. Clay can-
not possibly get this State, or New England. Our only hope
is in General Harrison, who is perfectly unexceptionable, and
has no serious opiMsuiion to him on any possible ground The
leaders do not feel, perhaps, as sure of getting paid for their
services with him as with other candidates who ha\e implied
]y come into their views. But we can make a alonous rally
under his banner, and reach the hearts of the people with his
services and virtues. General Scott has been pushed by a
few anti Clay men, but it is all nonsense I send you a pam-
phlet which is also circulating here, and which shows that no
Jackson men, or Clintooians, can or will support him The
great point now is to have the public voice h dicate a pre-
ference, or there may be fatal mistakes made at Harnsburg I
am the chairman of the State Central Committee of Young
Men, butdonotspeak officially. Ishouldlike to forward some
papers and letters to your delegates, but their residence is not
mentioned. Will you publish their residence and send me a
paper?
Yours truly,
S. DEWITT BLOODGOOD."
"(confidential )
"Dbab Sir- The peculiar crisis in which the Whig party is
placed, and the circumstance of my connection by means ol an
extensive political correspondence, wiih many of thepuiest
and most patriotic of our fellow citizens in other States, induce
meto address you at this time, in relatien to the Presidential
question. And first let me avow myself as the warm, devoted,
pergonal friend of Mr. Clay, and an unqualified admirer of his
talents and services 1 believe he deserves to be President of
the United States, above all our other candidates, and yet, with
all these admissions, I cannot but consider his prospect at pre
sent a hopeless one We have lost three years 'n contests about
men, and the tide of victory canying us no where, except 'mo
the eddies formed by opposing sections, or upon the Larren
beach of useless controversy, seems ebbing to leave us there
The Whig party being an intelligent and intellectual class, must
necessarily do its own thinking, and with thought come variety
of opinions, and with variety, want t f unity and concord This
isour predicament and our danger If we were united, we
should be formidable to the enemies of our country, but, alas,
we are. beaten in detail. Let us apply this fact to the choice of
candidates Mr. Clay's political course, and long conflicts with
portions of his fellow-citizens, have rendered him liable to
warm opposition,personal haired, and unjust prejudice Is it
the part of sagacious men to venture against such odds7 With
a majority of the States against us, is it prudent to risk every
thing left usi Our party leaders want sagacity, or, as I prefer
styling it, philosophy. They act asif mankind were always ac-
tuated by the best motives, and that the holding up an abstract
truth, is the pledge of victory. Not so. Nations, like indi-
vidual , often rush blindly to ruin, from passion, prejudice, «m-
bition, and many other causes It is vain to oppo e their
will when thev lake a particular bias They who altem;.t
it are sacrificed, and thus history tells us with its monitoiy
page, of the downfall of patriots vainly struggling agaiiT-t ihel'r
erring countrymen, and finally of the downfall of the masses
themselves This is the law of nature and the will of Provl-
dence. Let us also apply this fact to politics. We cannot ex-
pect perfection in the people at large, we can only rely on their
¡.«neitl good intentnns, sustained by a consciousness, that then
own interests individually, are at stake with those of the
mass When thev are right in the mam, it is as much as we
should expect We cannot hope that they will cease to be
men in or 'er to please us. In this knowledge consists the taci
ol the Admini-.tiatum part) They studiously seek to know
the public will, and they follow it long enough to profit by us
foiceandpowei. How adroitly they availed themselves of the
p.ipulanty of lickson' Hy bad measures they have lost
much of its advantage, and by prosecuting such a scheme as
tin SubTreasuiy, they will lost more. But still they are
suongly emrenchtd, and we must canj their entrenchments,
orbe donned to political slavery How can this be done?
Only by uniting on i he man who has less opposition to hnn
I han another Mipi-noror splendid talehls or exalted claims
ait not the que  ions to li e considered What is any man
compared to the rausei What have we to do with political
rewaids when our country is on the brink of ruin?
" Herein the fuends of Hi Clay ha\t made a fatal mistake
In their lave foi him they forget that a battle is tobe fought
Enthusiasm wi'l not always overpower superiority of num-
bers    II it could, Mr. Clay would have been Piesident long
ago
'If Mr  Clay runs, he will meet with opposition from old
party antagonists, whose heads have grown grey in political
iniquity.
"The old JACKSON MEN will oppose him
"The ABOLITIONISTS generally will oppose him.
' The violent Anti masons will oppose him.
"The Irishmen, who have already denounced him for bis at-
tack on O'Connell, will oppose him.
"The  enemies  of the  United  States  Bank  will  oppose
him.
"The WESTERN SQUATTERS will oppose him.
"The Southern State Rights men will oppose him.   (Po say
several leading papers in Georgia.)
"Now, in the name of Heaven, shall we run the risk of this
opposition,oreven of the show ofitl Can we go headlong into
a fight, wnh these adverse elements actively atwork againsttig?
Are we strong enough to venture so much! It seems to me that
some men must have taken leave of their senses, to advocate
any candidate against whom any portion of this opposition may
be brought Nothing but a strong and decided course on the
part of our editorial friends, and an appeal without delay to the
good sense of the party, will save us from utter ruin.
"To whom shall we then look for aid1 Where is the man
sufficiently popular to be our candidate, and one free ftom these
ob|ecuonsl
"1 answer, we have him, and have had him for three years;
and if good policy had prevailed, we would by this time ha^e
looked down all opposition.
"Among the 'people' of this State, he is at this moment
vastly more popular than any other candidate; and the reasons
for it lie deep in the human heart
"Since the reverses in the West, and South and North, ftien
have begun to think, and thinking has produced wonderful
changes under our own eyes. Our letters from thr western
counties assure us that the delegates to the National Conven-
tion will generally be Harrison men, and such they will be from
this vicinity
"The name of Gen Scott has been brought out here by a few
of our leading office holders It is suspected that rt was at first
merely a scheme to get rid of Mr. Clay, and the implied obli-
gation ul h s support. As it took a little better than was ex-
pected, a few have attempted to press, it. But it is the idlest of
all attempts, and even now signally fails. General Scott is not
known as a Whig and not identified with us. A few- ambitious
men in New Yoik, and in the army, doubtless hope to advance
themselves by advancing him. But leaving all other objections
out of view, two circumstances are fatal to him, growing out
of a celebrated personal controversy. General Jackson's let-
ter, and that of De Witt Clinton, will shortly make their ap-
pearance, by which all hopes of support from any of their
friends will be entirely cut off". Read for yourselves from
Niles's Register for 1818, and you will judge how much popu-
larity will be left him 111 this struggle    ButI forbear.
"I hope yon will give this letter your serious attention, and
if you agree with me, you will-st once throw yourself into the
front rank, for the purpose of producing 'union and harmony'
IN TIME.                  Yours, with respect,
A FkIbud 6V Clat,
But a greater friend of thai
Here, sir, before the meeting of that convention,
is the way paved by these Abolitionists who issued
that circular for Harrison over Clay. It is true, as
a mere blind, for the purpose of misleading, other
reasons were assigned for their preference of Har-
rison over Clay. But, sir, let us examine these
other reasons and see if there is a particle of truth
in them. The first is, that "the old Jackson men
would oppose Clay." And why, let me ask, would
the "old Jackson men" be more likely to vote for
Harrison than Clay? Has not Harrison, been as
bnter an enemy of Gen. Jackson and his princi-
ples as Clay? I answer that he has. The first op-
portunity he had after the late war, be sn0*e°0h,f
enmity and haired towards Gen. Jaekso . In 1818
he i ined tbe,Feder lUts m «heir violent and un-
warranted attack against Gen Jacksons military
conduct in the Seminole war, and voted for the re-
solution disapproving the proceedings on the -trial
and execution of Arbuthnot   * A*b™'e£ ■ *
declaring the seizure of tte ^^^J**"*;
cola and St. Carlos de Baraocos by the Amroean
army to be contrary to the Constitution of the ttu-
