456
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
86th Coita....lST. Sbss.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Jameson.
April, 1840.
H of Reps.
youth to the pr   K moment, I ha   been ihe ardent friend oi
bumao liberty. At (be age ul eishieen / Aeróme a mtntbrr of
an Abtiiti-i* Jtv (jf, «íiihlisVtl ai Richmond, the ouiect of
which was to imflwnff th rxmhuoo of slaveiy, and procure
lhair freaittvin b    err l*|fal mean  My renerabV ftienO,
Jwlf  tiatrh. of Cleratonl county, was nlso a member ol this
sofietr, ami ha« Uifly giren me a certificate that ] teas one
7V eWtf«fr  i / rant ramc «jmí/t / Aore tai'hfut y pe:-
Urmett.                                       \VM   II   HARRISON "
Here, then, Mr. Chairman, is his own letter,
ander his sign manual, pabltshrd  m Cincinnati,
right under his nose, published in an Abolition paper,
friendly to his election, and no doubt under his
direction, or at least by his assent, to satisfy  h>
Aboliiionis-s that he was their triend, so that they
might concentrate their forces on him.   Sir, this is
as strong n declaration in favcr of Abolition as the
Abolitionist devre.    He says: "he has been ae-
en ted of being friendly to slavery;" he den e« n,
and says that •• he had been a member of an Abo-
lition Society at Richmond "   So anxious was he
to satisfy the Abolmonisis that he was one himself,
he informs ihem ihat he ha.l la el  received a cer-
tificate from his venerable friend Judge   Gi'ch,
certifying that he had been a member of that Abo-
lition society; and then he «ay, that the obi g\-
lionshe  then had   come nnder, he  had faithfully
performed; that is, that he had been, and ¡hen was,
a good  Abolitionist.    It is true, he says, "that the
object of this Abolition society" that he h-dbcea
a member of, was "to ameliorate the condition of
slavery, and  procure their fieedem by every legal
means "   Bat, sir, th t is what every Abolition so-
ciety and Abolitionist says: that their object is to
abe>h<h slavery by "legal means."   Butwhoi'oes
not know better?   Who is it that does not be íeve,
from their courve, that this is a mere pretext to de-
ceive and aid them >n power; and ihai it they get
the ascender ry, and the power in their hands, ihey
will not  prostra'e the O nsiitntion, law, and every
thing else, to effect their object? Buthis Whig friends
on this floor siy that he declared against Abolition
in a speech delivered by him at Vincennes; agreed
that he did, and the  gentlemen may    have  the
fnll benefit   of  it;   and    whit   does    it   prove?
It   proves that   he   has   positively   declared   in
one instance in favor of Abolition, and m another
against  it;  and it  shows   the    greater    reason
wby he should come ont now and give us the best
two in three declarations one way or the oih°r—
that we may know what he is now on this subj c>.
For now is the time we want to know from his
own mouth, or pen, that we nny be able to  put
our   fingers   upon   him   and   find   him   there.
Yes, sir,   now   is the   time  we  want  to know,
that there may be a stop put to ihis double game.
For wh le the Abolition papers aie publishing th s
letter to convince their brethren that Harrison is
an Abolitionist, and  that they should support him,
the Whig anti-Abo'itionials of the eVinih are pub-
lishing his Vmcennes speech lo prove that he  is
not an Abolition^.   And, sir, let h>m no  longer
skulk behind a committee, and raise the f rand ri-
len I plea that he he snot time toanswerthisqnestmn.
For if he be so weak and feeble that  he cannot
answer a letter, which he could do in a drz^n  or
twenty line*,  how can he, if e'ected, perform  the
dnt es of the Presidency, for it is known by all
to be the most laborious office in the nation?   And
yet Mr. Van Bnren can attend to the duties of that
office, and answer every letter that is addre=sed to
him on this or any other subject.   Sir, he does not
refuse to answer and give his views on all the
Eolítica! questions that now agitate the nation; if
e did, the Democracy wonld >oon drop him. He
answers fnll and broad against Abolition. Ah' but
Gen. Harr sob ts so crowded with commonica'icn*
that he has not time to answer whether he is an
Abolitionist or will favor their schemes or not; or,
in other word , he receives so many letters that re
has not lime to answer any—although, no doubt,
they are all on the same subject, and an answer to
«me woald be answer to the whole. Well, I pre-
sume that Mr Van Boren receives us many letters
as Gen Harrison. Now, Mr Chairman, how
stands Gen. Harrison on this subject—he has de-
clared both ways. While at Vmcennes, where he
knew there were no Abolitionists, (for Indian  has
always been sonnd on this subject: her LegiVature
has, by a vote of ninety-nine to one, passed stronger
- iwsotmioas against Abolition than have ever been
passed here,) he came ontstroig again«t the
Aboliiionisis; but when he was in a couniry where
he was surrounded wiih Aboliiionists, and was
charged wr.h being a friend to slavery, he denies
the charge, calls it a calumny, and comes out strong
in favor of Abolition. He is called upon, as he
has declared hoth ways, to let us know now what
he is, and refuses to anwrr them. Sir,
what is the irresistible conclusion ihat the
American people must come to. It is, sir,
that my first proposition is true; for, sir, al-
though owing to the lenity of the criminal law for
a century and a half back, a man standing mute
does not convict him of the crime he is charged
with, yet, in all oiher proceedings, and in all our
relations in life, if a man is charged with any thing
thai he knows is unpopular, and stands mute, re-
fusing to answer when called on, it is taken for
granted that he is guilty of the charge—law, rea-
son, and common sense has established it as a
principle.
Sir, I have said that Van Buren was sound on
this subject, and what do ihe AboHiomsts «-ay?
The f.eniUman from Pennsylvania [¡Mr. Ogi.i.] has
repeated the statement on this floor thai we have
seen so often put frrth in the Abolition papers;
that is, that Mr. Van Bjren was a Northern man
wiih Southern principles—with this addition by
that foul-mouihed gent'eman, that he was a traitor
to the North; and in what particular' let me ask this
Aboliuonist and bis Aboiiiion editors. Sir, they
have only given us onf reason lor this deelaia-
t < n—they can give no other; and thai is that Mr.
Van Bar*n hai public'y declated that Congress
had bo p,>wer under the Constitution to inter-
fere with slavery in the States, and ihat, if they
passed an act interfer ng with slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, it wou'd be agair.st good faith;
and he should fcl himself bound to veto it. Yes,
sir, this is the whole amount of the charge against
him. B' cause he has shown himself to be the Pre-
sident of the entire nation, and not the President
alone of these fanatic Abolitionists, and because
he has determined to do every ihmg which in his
power lies, according to the solemn oath which he
has taken, to preserve the Constitution, the union of
these State?, and to prevent civil war and blood-
shed, he is d nounced by the-e Aholitioniits as a
traitor—a Northern man with Southern pnneipl s.
Let the South look at this; it needs no further
comment.
I will, Mr. Chairman, pass to the second propo-
sit on, and show that Gen. Harrison is is favor of
a high protective tariff, or rather show that he has
been heretofore, as far as he has acted and spoken,
.and we are boxtnd to presume still is, as he also at
present keeps silent on that subject. But to th<?
proof. As lata as 1831, in an address de'ivered
before the Agricultural Society of Hamilton coun-
ty, he said: "It may be asked whether, under any
ci'cumstances, I would be willing to abandon the
tariff. I answer wuhout hesitat on in the affirma-
tive. Whenever the streets ofNorfolk and Charles-
Ion shall be covered with grass, and our Southern
friends find no market for their produce; and this
state of things can be directly traced to the tariff, I
would then instantly give my voice for its modi-
fication, or enure repeal." How kind; yes, sir;
how kind the General would be to you Southern
people. Afer your land presents one wreck of
rum, your country depopulated, your cities de-
cayed an J grown up in grass; in a word, after
you are entirely ruined, when it is too late to do
yon any good, this great statesman, as well as ge-
neral, will then stop and put his mind upon the in-
quiry, and if he finds out that the tariff is the cau e
( f it, he will go for its "modification, or entire ^re-
peal;" he would do it, too, "instancy, and without
hesitatun." These aie his tar ff notion*; and, sir,
the West, as well as the Sou'h, is de ply m'erested
in th s question. Sir, a great many of the leading
politicians of the West have deceived themselves,
as well as the people there, on this subject. The
interest of the South and West is one and the
same in relation to this question. As a high tariff
affscs one directly, so it affects the other indirectly,
as in the first place it oppresses and ttrikes down
the price of the staples in the South, so in the se-
cond it oppresses and strikes down the pnce of the
stock, and all the products of the West. And how
ts ii? Why, sir, the people of the West sell their
beef, pork, horses, mules, and their surplus pro-
ducts, to the South. They buy from the East, and
sell to the South. Then, sn, just in proportion as
the Souihern people get a high prce for their mam
staple, which is cotton, (and in fact it may be said
to be the staple of the nation,) just in the same
proportion the Western farmers gf t a high price for
their beef, pork, stock, and surplus products; and
vice versa—fi r one follows the other. Then Ge-
neral Harnson's opinions on th s question are di-
recly against the interests of the West, as well as
the South.
I need not take up the time of the committee in
producing evidence to show that General Harrison
is m favor of the United Slates Bank. The his-
tory of the country proves him to have been uni-
formly its advocate; and he declared himself to be
in favor of it when a candidate for the Presidency,
in 1836.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I will appeal lo Vir-
ginia, and lo the South generally, and ask them
whether they are prepared to support a man who,
they are found to believe, from the evidence, is an
Abolitionist, or at least is favoring iheir schemes—
in favor of a high protective tariff—of the Uniied
States Bank—and who is now in the keeping of a
Federal committee. An!, sir, I will appeal to the
North, and a-k them, too, if they are prepared to
support him, wuh all these facts staring ihem in the
face; for 1 believe they, or at least a large niajoniy
of them, are sound tipm all of tries* questions.
But, if this is not sufficient, I will presently show
that he was identified with the Federalists in 1798
and 1800, and thit we have no evidence of any
change in hi* principles since.
As to ihe genera sh p o' General Harrison, Mr.
Chairman, I have but litt e to say; for I know, sir,
if, by any deeds, in aims, he hasacqu red for him-
self the fame of a brave man and a General, ihat
any thing 1 might say here would not detract from
that fame. The people, in forming iheir opinions
in relation to it, will be governed by the history
and records of the couniry, made at the time, and
shortly after he was in the field, commanding an
army oT his country, and the opinions of living
witnesses, who served with h m and under him,
for, sir, j ou can scarcely go to a ne'ghborhood in
the West, but what you will find some person who
served under G'neral Harrison in the late war; and
those who have grown up since, or who were ho-
w th him in the late war, had raiher, and very pro-
perly, too, taken their opinions as to his general-
ship and bravery, than ours, proclaims! from this
hal'; and, on the other hapd, I will inform the
Whig gentlemen on this fl <or that if the history, re-
cords of the country, and the living witnesses, do
not prove him to be a general, all their talents, in-
genuity, and long speeches here, cannot manufac-
ture him into one. It he was not a general in the
field, sirs, you cannot make him one on this floor.
But, Mr. Chairman, the remarks of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Stuart,] will cause me lo make
a few passing remarks under this head. He said
that Geneial Harrison had fought more battles
than any general during the late war. St, I was
as'onished to hear a member on this floor, direclly
against the facts, as known by living witnesses, and
recorded In ihe history of the country,make sucha
statement. What battles did he fight during
the late war? Not one. He had a fight or
a skirmish wi'h a «mall band of Indians at
Tippecanoe, previous lo the 1 ite war, at which
time the enemy selec'ed his camping ground
f r him, as proved by his own report; surprised him
before day, killed a great many of his gallant offi-
cers and men, fought him until day, and retired.
That, sir, is the only battle he was ever in; and I
cannot see that ihere was much generalship or he-
roism displayed by him there—nothing, sir, that
would entitle him to the appellation of the hereof
the battle. If the gentleman had cast his mind
opon a Jackson, a Brown, a Scott, a Gaines, a
Miller, a Johnson, and a Croghan, he would have
found men who fought battles during the late war,
ma manner, and with an effect, too, that justly en-
titles them to the appellation of "hero." But, sir,
U is a slander, a reflection upon tne character of
