April, 1840.
AfPÉNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
26th Cono-—1 t Sbm.
Jlpprop iaiion Bill—Mr, Jameson.
H. of Rep?.
the Western people, to say that General Harrison
is a great General, or that he has achieved many
victories, or rendered important military services
for his country. For there is no people so grateful,
and del'ght so mucft to honor men who have led
thera to victory and to giory,as the "Western people.
Why then, sir, have they not, long since, shuwn
their gratitude, and rendered honor to ibis man, if
he is so great a General, fought ¿o many battles,
gained so many victories, antl covered himself and
his country with so much glory, as is attempted to
be manufactured on this floot? I call upon
you, Representatives from Ohio and Kentucky,
whose sobs constituted the greater part of his army,
why it is that you have been so ungrateful and
forgetful of this man's great military services, as to
let him lie dormant for twenty-six years after these
services have been performed; confer no nono is
upon him all this time; and now, when he is seven-
ty years of age, with one foot in the grave, and the
other not far off, you call up these past, ihcse no-
ble, and great military services rendered, and say
for that he ought to be made President oi" the United
States. Why, gentlemen, you are too late in
showing your gratitude and conferring your honors.
Mr. Chairman, it is perfect humbugery—a perfect
farce attempted to be played off on the American
people.
Mr. Chairman, the Western people are not un-
grateful; they would have long since conferred the
highest honors on General Harrison within their
gift, if he had deserved them.   Sir, they are an in-
dulgent, forbearing, and charitable people.   Sir,
they are a generous, brave, and noble, and warm
hearted people. If they caa say nothing in favor of a
military commander, they will say nothing at all.
Where they have no confidence in him, they will
not scrutinize his conduct,   but  will  throw the
mantle of charity around him, and permit him
to retire unmoesied and untroubled from the bus-
tles of public life.   And th s is the couise, sir, ihey
have pursued towards Gen. Harrison, for I need
not state that there never was a General who com-
manded braver officers and men, and had a better
opportunity of distineuishinsr himself, than General
Harrison.    But he foiled in doing it.   It was his
own fault, and it is too late to make him a general
now—the time has passed—he should have shown
himself a general in the late war, when he was at
the head of his brave and gallant army, and, hav-
ing failed, he should not undertake to make him-
self a general bow by certificates,   and the   long
speech?s of his talented friends on this floor.   Sir,
he  is the only man who commanded in the late
war, and the first I ever heard of who undertook
to prove himself  a  general   by certificates and
speeches.   They know that it is their acts in the
field up«n which an intellisent people will deter-
mine the fact.   They would consider such an at-
tempt the highest possible insult that could be of-
fered them.   But, sir, what did Gen. Harrison's
cotempararies  say about him—the Senate of the
United States, in 1816—immedately after the close
o*" the war?     That Senate, composed almost en-
■ lirely of the same men who had acted in that
body during the   war—who  wire patriots, who
were in favor of the war, who gave the iJluf trious
Madison all the aid in their power to prosecute the
war with effeet, and to the success and glory of
the American arms—who with deep interest watch-
ed close the course and conduct of each American
commander, and who  were  ready,  anxious to
confer honor upon the officers, where honor was
due—refused to authorize a medal to be struck for
General Harrison, and to tender him their thanks
in honor of his military services    His name in a
resolution to that effect, was introduced by the
side of Governor Shelby, was strieken from it,
and Governor Shelby's retained.   This needs no
comments, it speaks vol a mes.
And, sir, to show that the people of the West
are net in fault in this matter, it is only necessary
to look at their course towards others who served
and proved faithful in that war. Where u the
m*a who distinguished himself in that war in the
West, or who showed himself ready and willirg to
act, if a chance had been given him, who has aot
been rewarded by that people. Sir, you can
sweety Had any man, from lieutenant op, who
served with General Harrison, tbat has not been
honored with any office that he asked for. Many
who served wiih him are now upon this floor; and
it is strange that they have neglected General Har-
rison aloBe, if he deserved their confidence and
their gratitude. Sir, they have not done it. They
have done ample justice by him, by throwing the
mantle of charity over him, and permniog him to
retire, without scrutinizing too closely his military
conduct.
Mr. Chairman, it has been stated by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Saltonstall] and
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Stoart]
that the old Federal party has been long since dis-
banded, and that some of the old Federalism now
belong to the Democratic party, and some of the
old Republicans to the present Whig party; and
that they, the present Whigs, are not identified ¡
with the old Federalists. Now, sir, it may be true,
and I have no doubt but that it is true, that men
have changed their principles, that some of the old
Federalistas have joined the Democratic parly,
and that some of the Republicans have joined
the Whig par.y; and what dots this prove? Why,
it only proves what ev«ry man knows: that man is
fallible, liable to change his opinions from the va-
rious causes that operate upon the human mind.
Bui does all this prove that the principles of t:ie
two pariies havechanged? Sir, principle.- once esta-
blished are fixed and eternal; men may change, but
they cannot. Does not trie Democratic party tow
pursue and maintain the ssme principles that were
pursued and maintained by Jefferson and the Re-
publicans of '98 and 1830? and are not the princi
pies of the Whigs now die same as th< se of the
Federalists then. Sir, we profess to be the follow-
ers of Jefferson: he is our captain and our head;
he was opposed to the United States Bank, to mo-
nopolies, and in favor of a strict construction of tha
Constitution, and so are we. Hamilton was the
leader of the Federalists in lhat day, and prt posed,
and was in favor of, the United States Bank, of
monopolies, and of a latimdinarian construciion of
the Constitution, and so are the Whigs. I will
tell you, Mr. Chairman, what that party has done
since the days of Jefferson: they h*ve, in order to
gain favor with the people, disbanded their nimes
at least a half a dozen time?; but their principles
remain the same. Sir, in my Slate, ihe Whigs do
not attempt to identity the Democratic party wiih
Federalism; but their whole effort on this subject
is to defend themselves against it. But, Mr Chair-
man, I will show that ihe Whig party is now run-
ning a man for the Presidency who was identified
with and sustained the Federal pany in '98 and
18U0. Here is the proof: the reference to records
and the facts therein is corrpcr, and its comments
on the records and facts I endorse as my own. The
Clerk will read it.
From the Nashville Union,
HARRISON'S FEDERALISM.
The Proofs—The Pr.oops.
That Wm. Henry Harrison was a Fed. raliat, and supported
the administration of John Adams during the reign of terror in
1798, '99, 1800, is affirmed without the fear of successful contra-
diction.
The ineontegtabl? proofs which we add uce are the Journals of
Congress and his own admission of the fact.
The first office of any importance which he ever held wasf
that of "Secretary of the Territory Northwest of the river Oliis,"
conferred upon him by John Adams, then President of the Uni-
ted States, on the 20th June, 1798—[See Executive Journal, vol.
I. p. 282.]
It was at the session of Congress in 1798, it will be remember-
ed, that the alien and sedition laws were passed by the Federal
majority who supported Mr. Adams's administration; and it is
well known that none but those agreeing in political sentiment
with President Adams and his Federal majority in Congress
were appointed to high public stations.
General Harrison was afterwards returned as a delegate to
the House of Representatives in Congress from the Northwest-
ern Territory, and served as a delegate during the session of
1790-1800, up to the 12th of May, 1800, on which day he was
nominated to the Senate by John Adams, then President of the
United States to be Governor of the Indiana Territory—[See
Executive Journal, vol. I p. 363.]
It will be remembered that it was during that year (1800)
that the contest between the Federal and Repubtiran parties,
in the then pending Presidential eleciion between John Adams
and Thomas Jefferson, and which terminated in the election of
the latter in the fall of that year, had reached its highest point
of excitement, and raged with its greatest fury and violence.
The black cockade was the insignia of distinction worn by the
Federalists, and universal proscription from ode  of all who
differed with them in political sentiment was the order of tha
day. It via  at that time that General Harrison waa a favo-
rite which John Adams, and was appointed by him and a Fede-
ral Senate to he "Governor of the Indiana Territory."
furiAer.-Ifthe fact that in these high party times General
Harrison was in favor with President John Adam*, and wat re-
warded by him, first by the appointment of Secretary, and then
of Governor of a Territory, were not of itself conclusive proof
that General Harrison was a friend and supporter of his ad-
ministration, his own admission, which we proceed to adduce,
would remove all cavil or doubt in the minds of the most skep-
tical that he waa so.
The charge. In the year 1826. Mr. John Randolph of Vir-
ginia and General Harrison, met in (he Senate of the United
States, and in a debate in that body on the 20th March, of that
year (1326) Mr. Randolph charged the fact to be  o, in the
following plain lanjuajc, reponed in the National Intelligencer
at the tune, and preserved in Gales andSeaton's "Congressional
Debates," vol. 11, part 1, page 309, to wit: Mr. Randolph
said:
"Now, sir,tin  only difference between the gentleman from
Ohio [General Hatrison] and myself is this—and it is vital—
that gentlemen and myself differ fundamentally and totally, and
did differ when we first took our seats in Congress—he as a de-
legate from the Territory Northwest of the river Ohio.I asa
member of the oiher House from the State of Virginia; he was
an open, zealous, frank supporter of the sedition law and black
cockade. Administration; and I was as zealous, frank, and open
an opponent oi the blai'k cockade and sedition law Administra-
tion. We differ fundamentally and totally—we never can agree
about measures or men—I do not mean to dictate to the gentle-
man—let us agree to differ as gentlemen ought to do, especially
natives of the same State, who are antipodes to each other in
politics, fie, I acknowledge, just now, ihe zenith and I the
nadir, but unless there is something fdlse in the philosophy of
the school, in the course of time even these will change their
places."
Mark! " Who are antipodes to each other in politics."
Thus much for the charge.
Now for the admission. On the same day General Harrison
reolied to the charge ol Mr. Randolph, antl ADMITTED ITS
TRUTH in the following language, reported in the National
Intelligence! at the time, and preserved in Gales and Seaton?
"Congressional Debates," vol. II, parti, p. 364, 365—to wit;
" In the course of this debate, Mr. Harrison said that he could
not refrain rom makinghís acknowledgments to the gentleman
from Virginia for the notice he had been pleased to take of him.
He has been pleased to say, that in the administration of Mr.
Adams, I was a Federalist, and he comes to that conclusion
from the course pursued by me in 1799-1800. Atthateeasion,
the gentleman and myself met for the first tint'; he in the sta-
tion of Representative from Virginia, and I in the more humble
one of Delegate from the Northwestern Territory. Having no
vote, I did not think proper to take part in the discussion of
any of the great political questions which divided the two par-
ties. My business was to procure the passage of the bills
which I had introduced for the benefit of the people I repre-
sented. The gentleman had no means of knowing my political
principles, unless he obtained them from private conversation.
As 1 was upon terms of intimacy with the gentleman, it is very
probable lhat he might have heard me express sentiments favo-
rable to the then Administration. I certainly felt them—so far,
at least, as to the course pursued by it in relation to the Govern-
ment of France. Nor, said Mr. H. was I unsupported in that
opinion by those who had a right to control my actions, it not
my opinions In no part of the country were those measures
more decided y approbated than by my immediate constituents
—the Legislature of the Northwestern Territory—as the address
of that body to th  President, during that session, will show.
For Mr Adams, said Mr. II I en'ertained at that time, and have
ever since entertained, the grealest respect. I believe him to
be an honest man and a pure patriot, and his conduct during
that s"s>iion proved him to lie such. This opinion I know, said
Mr. H. was enterta;ned by those two able and upright Mates-
men, John Marshall and James A. Bayard. To the question
asked by Mr. Randolph, whether Mr. II. recollected a conver-
sation between Mr. Nicholas and himself, in relation to the ne-
groes and politics of Virginia, Mr. H. answered: I recollect it
perfectly well, but can this be adduced as an evidence of my
favoring the Sedition Law!"J
Mr. Randolph's charge was—and he spoke from his own per-
sonal knowledge of the fact—that "he (Harrison) was an open,
zpalous, frank supporter of the Sedition Law and Black
Cockade Administration," "and I (Randolph) was as zealous,
frank and open an opponent of the Black Cockade and Sedition
Law Administration."
Does Gen. Harrison, in his reply, admit or deny the truth of
Mr. Randolph's chargel
He admits its truth plainly «nd unequivocally,   ne says:
"As I wason terms of intimacy with the gentleman, (in 1799
—1800) it is very probable that he might have heard me ex-
press eentimen s favorable to the then Administration—I CER-
TAINLY FELT THEM."
And he further says:
"For Mr. Adams I entertained, at that time, and hare ever
since entertained, the greatest respect. 1 believe him to be an
honest man and pure patriot, and hi  conduct during that ses-
sion proved him to he such !"
What stronger admission of the charge that he (Harrison)
was a Federalist, and a supporter of Adams's-administratlon,
can the English language convey"!
General Harrison, however, in 1826, when he was compelled
to make this admission, becatise it was true, and the bring
witnesses were present to prove it, if denied, seems to have
been sensible that President Adams ana his administration had
become unpopular, and attempted to bolster and tusiain, if not
excused himself for the opinions he entertained of him, by refer-
ring to the opinions of other distinguished Federalists. And to
whom did he referí "This opinion (of John Adams) I know
(said Mr. H.) was entertained by those two able ondupright
statesmen, John Marshall and James A. Bayard I" Th« refe-
rence is a most important one; and, if possible, still mor  closely
and indissolubly identifies General Harrison with the Federal
men and party.                                                       . .   , ,.„
And who were Judge Marshall and James A. Bayard, but the
distinguished leaders of the old Federal party? 1«" a,m"™.„
notorious history, never denied, and undeniable, tnat tney wot
the two great champions of Federalism^
Judge Marshall was s
Justice ef the Supreme Coun w. u  "•■—-, ,vr>„_ _f m. H-.ih
¿«-^J801.ar?officewhirJ,h^e^
ne iwo preatcnampions oi reoerotioni.         .            v^ /■ }./■
Judge Marshall was appointed by_Jor.iilAihwi tobeiGW
__.¡.5 .r.u. ^______rí...... „r.h  United States on the AftDOt
subsequent time of his life, M^^fl™ t^Md#d " ""
head of the Federal partymitof™-"«5 R.p,,,, „,«„•,«,
■ üf' &yarlla,h.St«T.orrilawire in 1798, AN1> VOTED
fSTSS BESmON 'Jaw  . journal of ¿h. Hou  of
Representative , reprint r l. 3, p, 8791.;  Mr. weyara wm a,
