460
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
£t TH   CoKO....l8T SRSS.
UanJc-vpt Law—Mr Wall.
Senate.
raembrrofth* Hon   from Delaware, «nit roifd for Aaion
Bttrr afama Thvmat Jeferttm to be President ol UwTJnueil
Sute '
So much for the able and uprifh' statesmen with whom
General Harosot: arteddtuir.g the Keifn of Terror.
Brtween the close of ihe adminisiratinn of John Adam  en
the 3,1 of Meich, 1 01, ai.ri ihe commencement of theadinims
«ration of John Quint* Adam  on <he4ih ot March, 16S5, Gen.
Hamaon wae not so «ctnely engaged in political lile as to
make it necessary for h¡m to make mv public amvali of his
political principies. Tnal ¡key remained unchanged, Aow-
ever, tbtri cannot be a dim bl.
At the commencement oi ihe administration of John Quincy
Adams we find Hartrem m the Senate of the V.mert Stales,
•••n open. leatoos, and frank supplier" ot Ai  administration,
•sha had been in 1799-ldu> «f the Sedition Law and Black
Cockade administration of his f «ilier.
We will not willingly do General Harrison injustice. We
hare said that he u a Federalist, and we hare adduced ihe proof
of the fact.
! will now, Mr. Chairman, torn my attention
awhile lo the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Oole] He has wantonly, and without canse,
assailed the person and character of one of the
Senator  from Missouri [Mr. Benton] in the most
abusive manner that a b ackguard could dense.
I had heard gent'emen before on this floor make
ose of abusive epithets Iowa ds officers of the Go-
vernment and leadirg politicians oniside of this
Hou«e; but, sir, I have heard nothing to come tear
op to those used by this gentleman. He has shown
himself to be degraded beneath that if any other
man who has any pretensions to reputation and
honor. Sir, if he had spokea of Col. Benton's
principles or inconsistency, lfh- could hive shown
any, I would have had nothing to say; but
that would not do hint; he must strike it his per-
son. He stated, sir, in reference to the East room
letter as be caled it, (which I know nothing about,
and it would be ("eerading lo th>s Hoo*e to under-
take to make an inquiry into it) that Col. Benton
had in that letter "sute.I a wilful and ba*e fa'f ehood,
and that the villain "Should not escape his denun-
ciation. " These are the epi hets u?ed towards
that Senator—a iran who had the confidence of
the people of Tennessee, and by them was put in
the councils of their S ate before he removed to
Missouri, and who, eve' since he has been iliTe,
has stood high in the confidence of the people of
that Slate. They have by large majorities sent him
to the Senate ol the United Stales for twenty soeces-
aire years, and Mill they keep hm there. They
are as virtuous and as intelligent a people as live
opon ihe globe, and have endorsed his charac-
ter tut that length of time, and stilV continue to en-
dorse it. A direct thrust iherefoie at his character
and person, is an indirect thrust at the character of
the people of Missouri, who, t-o, 1 have the honor
in part to represent Sir, Col. Benon's public life
needs no eu ogy from me; if I were to attempt it,
I should fall short of doing him justice. He has
been in the service of his country, either in the
field or in the cabinet, all his life, and his acts are
interwoven into, and form a bright page in, the
history of the country; and, suffice it to tar, that
his untiring and unceasin? efforts, and bis masterly
talent , have all been used in tehalf of liberty—of
Democracy—of the people—of the working peo-
ple of this nation. Sir, this is the man towards
whom this little fellow, who never was heard of
outside of his district until be came here, has used
these epithets—epithets, sir, that no man would
make use of towards a member of the other House,
who had that sense of honor and propriety calcu-
lated to distiogoi-h him from the blackguard of a
brothel, or the bul i y of a mutter field. It was a
mean and cowardly act.
[Hete the Chairman called Mr. Jameson  to
order.]
Mr. Jamison said he was done.                         <
SPEECH OF MR. WAX,
OF NEW JERSEY,
In Senate, May 12, 1840—On the bill f est**blish
an uniform system of bankruptcy. |Th/ques-
tion being on the adoption of the subfttijnte sub-
mitted by Mr. Wall, from the roinotfty of the
committee—
Mr. WALL addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President:   In submitting the substitute
which I prwposs tor the bill to establish an uniform
system of bankruptcy, 4c. reported by the majo-
ittjr ©Í the Ccnuaiuee pa ibe Judiciary, it becomes
my duty to explain the feature* and pr.nci¡iles of
it. In doing so, I shall endeavor to avo'd every
thing extraneous, or which can draw off the atten-
tion of the Senate from what properly belongs to
the subject.
I am not accustomed to deal in professions, or to
make myself piominent in any way; but as my
course in relation to this matter has been comment-
ed on, in the public p*pers, with harshness min-
gled wiih misr presentation, it is proper tn remove
unfounded accusations, by defining my position. I
am in favor of passing a constitutional law upon
the subject ol bankruptcy, of such a character as i<
demanded by ihe s'a*e of the country—one that will
relieve the unfortunate debtor who is borne down
by Ihe depressing load of ihe perpetual bondage
of debt, and restore to h m ihe invigorating stimu-
lus of hope, and the natural impulses, without
which, energy, active rn'erpriie, and useful indus-
try, languish or perish; and, at the same time, do
justice to the i laims of the creditor.
In my judgment, the lime has arrived when the
slate of the country imperiously demands that Con-
gress should exercise their constitutional power of
passing an uniform lawrn the subject of batikmp -
cy. It is demanded as well fur the relief of th 
debtor a* the interest of the creditor—for the inte-
rest of the public, as of individuals. The intrret of
the public requires ihit the productive er ergies of
the many ardent, en'erprisinz, and mTitoiious, but
unfortunate men, whi h have been paralyzed by
Ihe viciss tudes of trade, the flu tuations of the
currency, or thedisisttous resu'w of rashness, im-
prudence, or inexperience, should be resuscitated,
and restored to the community.
We cannot shut our eyes to the melancholy fact,
that the whole country is suffering fiom one of
ihose revulsions, which, of late, have periodically
cist their wrecks upon the shores of trade and bus -
ness. This is not the proper occasion to inquire
into 'he causes of this tevuUion, or to measure cut
censure or condemna'ion upon any. The country
demands that relief of Congress which they suppose
ihey cun constitutional y apply. They have, in
numerous feti'ions, clearly and explicitly made
known ihe nmedy which they suppose can and
ought to be granted. It is the pas=aae of "an wn 
form law upon the subject of bankruptcy." No
petitioner has asked for a partial, special, or par-
ticular law upon that subject, which rennets and
c< nfines the remedy to the voluntary and exclusive
act of ihe debtor; leaving the creditor remediless,
and debarred of it* benefits, save what may be in-
cidentally gleaned from the voluntary proceedings
instituted by the debtor. Thi idea of a bankrupt
law, designed and framed for the exclusive benefit
of the bankrupt, so far as I know, originated in
the chamber of the Judiciary Committee, and is
ushered into the world under their auspices alone.
No precedent of such a bill is to be found, either
in the legislation of Congress, the Parliament of
England, or of any other country. It is a new and
untried experiment.
The first movement on the subject of a bankrupt
law, made during the present session, prozeedrd
from my honorable friend from Michigan, [Mr.
Norvell'J who, on the 14th January last, submit-
ted a resolution, instructing the Judiciary Commit-
tee "to inquire into the expediency of passing a
general bankrupt law " He is entitled to ihi me-
rit, whatever it may be, of first presenting the sub-
ject for the consideration of this b >dy. It seems
to have awakened ihe attention of the whole coun-
try, from one extremity to the other. Tnere were
soon on the files of the Judiciary Committee, fifty
one petitions, praying for the passage of an uni-
form law on the subject of bankruptcy, twentj-
nine of which are from New York, five from
Michigan, five from New Jersey, two from Indiana,
two from Massachusetts, three from Ohio, and one
from each of the Slates of Tennessee and Missis-
sippi. There are thirty-five other petitions, pray-
ing for the pavas  of a general bankrupt law, or
using some equivalent expression to uniform or ge-
neral; fifteen of which are from New York, eight
from Pennsylvania, four from Illinois, one fiom
each of the Slates of Ohio, Maine, and New
Hampshire, three from Mississippi, and two from
Alabama.   Resolutions, also, have been passed by
the Legislatures of Maine and Michigan, in favor
of the same measure. These latter petitions are
not uni.f >rm in their lanaunge or object—some of
them asir, that banks and corporations should be
included in the operations of any law passed on the
subject.
Such, then, is the want of the public; such the
prayer of the people which has reached the com-
mittee. No one has been found expressly to ask
for a bankrupt law restricting its operations ex-
clusively to the voluntary act of the debtor. How-
ever ihey may differ as lo the persons upon which
it shall act, all desire that the law should be
uniform in its action upon debtor and creditor, and
unitorm in the manner of its action, by affording
its remedies and its benefits alike to the debtor and
creditor, as far as consists with the general principles
and policy inherent in, and peculiar to, such a sys-
tem. What then is the con>titutional power of
Congress over the subject of bankruptcy? It is a
delegated power, and we must look to the terms of
the Constitution for it, or it does not exist. There
the power is expressly to be found. It is "to pa-s
uniform laws upon the subject of bankruptcy."
The power is not to pass a law cf bankruptcy, or
relating to bankruptcies, but "lotos upon ihesU iject of
bankruptcy;" thus giving a latiiudinous power as
broad  nd comprehcnsive as the whole tubject of
bankruptcy; limited and resramed only by the quali-
fier ¡on that, in its action upon Ihe distinct classes
of bankrupt^, and on the several cases, which are
subjects of bankruptcy, it should ba uniform.
I shall fs>ume it asan undeniable position, esta-
blished by the decisions of our Supreme Court,
and ihe opinions of all jurists, who have treated
upon the subject, that we are to look to the le-
gislation and the decisions ol England, to ascertain
the true meaning cf Ihe clause of the Constitution
in question. The framersof the Constitution well
understood that law; and what we e the subjects
upon which the bankmpt system of ihat country
operated? They have withdrawn from the legisla-
tion of the States all power to pass any law lo
impair the obligations of contracts; and they cer-
tainly did not, by so doing, vest Congress with a
a general and uncontrolled power to pass laws to
impair the obligations of contracts in all cases
whatever. Any power which Congress can exer-
cise over the c miracts of ihe citizens of the Slate.*,
as such, must be sought and ft und in the clause
au'horizing them to pass a law upon the subject of
bankruptcy.
Let us look, then, to the legislation and deci-
sions of Eng'and for the true interpretation of a
law on the subject of bankruptcy. Bankruptcy is
the state of being a bankrupt. What is a bank-
rupt? The word is of foreign origin, com-
pounded either from the Italian words, banco
rollo, or the Latin, bancus ruptus. The literal
meaning; is a bank or bench broken, and is plainly
symbolica1; comprehending in its metaphor, a
trader in money or goods, the emblem of his oc-
cupation, and his failure, or that such emblem was
broken. Lord Coke says, "that we have fetched
as well the name as the wickedness of bankrupts
from foreign nations. Some say it should 8  «*-
nved from Banque and rompue, as he that hath
broker his bank or state." «'In former times, as
the name of a bankiupt, so was the offence itself,
(as hath been said,) a stranger to an Englishman,
who, of all nations, was freest of bankruptcy"
Whatever may have  been the origin of the
word, it has been naturalized in the English lan-
guage, and has now not only a technical but a
popular  signification, perfectly well understood.
The meaning of a bankrupt, in the law of Eng-
land, is a debtor who is a trader, and unwitting' or
unable to pay his debts, or meet his engagements.
Such a debtor only can be made liable to the ope-
rations of a bankiupt law,  or be legitimately
brought within its scope.    Bankrupt differs in its
technical sense from an insolvent debtor, wiihwhich
it is frequently confounded.   Any debtor, whether
a trader or not, may be an insolvent, and the only        ¡
(en of insolvency, is the inability to pay his debts,       i
not his unwillingness.   No debtor can be an in-       J
solvent who has the ability, but not the will, to       :
pay his debts.   A debtor trader may be a bankrupt,        
if he has the mum, but not the wilt, to pay his      «
