Mat. 1640.
gftTH   CoKO.~.«.t8T Saaa.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
Bankrupt Law—Mr. Wall.
Senate.
debts.    Such, then, is ihe description or class of
pctmns who may be bankrupts, or the subjecs ol
ala* of bankruptcy.    What, the , ts the subject
apoa which a taw of bankruptcy mav operate 7
Her  again we mast hare recourse to the legisla-
tion and judicial decisions of England, as   ihey
ex>stetl at the time of ihe forming ol  ihe Con-
siitotion.   I do not mean by this ihat we mast
kg«laie in the same manner, on  the subject m"
bankruptcy, or adopt the same provisions as are
found in the acts of Parliament in Manon thereto,
bat   that   oar   constitutional    legislation   mu.t
be  confined  to   ihe  same  classes  of   poison ,
and  the  tame subject matters.     Whether the
word    baakrwp'     traces     l's    origin     to     the
custom of  trader? on the  Rial to ot St. Marks,
or of the traders in any other coontry, for it* sym-
bolical meaning, or to the ovde of the civil law, at
the time of the framing of the Constitution of the
United States, the pitntipU of the system or the
wjjirt of anca a law, was the creature of the Par-
liament of England, aad such principles only were
ia the contemplation   of its   fiamers, when this
clame was inserted in the Constitution.   The law
apoa the subject of bankropicy, which thi. Con-
stitution means, is confined to the subjttt of bank-
ruptcy and ihe c ass*>s of persons as understood
in England at ihe time or i s ad.-pti >n.   The cessio
Imita ol the civil law, was simply an insolvent
law, which did not ducharte the debtor from the
contract, bnt only that part of the remedy relative
to imprisonment, differing substantially only from
the English insolvent law, which gave the relief
ooly on the application of the debtor, in permitting
other the debtor or creditor to become ihe actor,
ia originating  the proceedings.     I   believe  that
mere was not at that time any  law of bankruptcy
on the continent of   Europe, which   discharged
the   debtor   from    the   contract,    without   the
consent of the creditor.   "As far  as   tbey went
on that  subject, the discharge was con terred by
the voluntary or enforced consent of the creditors,
and in the nature of a composition.   The English
bankrupt law was the only one which discharged
the debtor from the contract.   This, too, famishes
one of the marked distinction* between a law on the
subject of insolvency and of bankruptcy.   The latter
discharged the debtor from the contract itself, pro-
vided such debtor was a trader; the former, from
the remedies founded on the contract, as related to
the imprisonment of the person, or the remedy
allowed by the lex feci, to enforce the fulfilment of
the contract.
To elucidate this distinction, I must a*k your
attention, sir, to a brief review of the most
important epoch* in the history of the English law
on the subject of bankropicy.
The first law on ihe subject of bankruptcy, was
passed in ihe reign of Henry Vill, 1542, when, as
Lord Coke tells us, "the English merchant had
rlo'ed in three kind* of costliness, v.z: costly build-
ings, costly diet, and costly apparel, accompanied
with a neglect of his trade and servants, aad
thereby eoasnm"d his wealth." It was entitled
"an act against such persons as do make bankrupt;"
and the preamble sets forth, that whereas diveisand
sundry person*, craftily obtaining into their hands
great substance of other men's goods, do suddenly
flee to parts unknown, or ke;p their houses, not
minding to pay or restore to any of their creditors
their dnirs, but at their own will and pleasures,
consomé debts aad substances obtained by credit
of other men, for their own pleasure and delicate
living, against alleqauy and good conscience."
It is manifest, although this act is not confined,
in terms, to merchants and bankers, yet that the
mischiefs intended lo be remedied, were such only
as could be committed by trial class of persons. In
fact, the histories of the day inform u* that it was
levelled against the Lombard*, who were the prin-
cipal merchants and bankers of the time. This is
the first of the laws on the subject of bank-
ruptcy in England; and in* fact that no d ci-
sión is io he torjn I in Ihe Ensh h honks opon
this law, whic^ continue! in exnlen:e for near
thirty year<, «-hows ihat nere could have been no
difference of opinion as to the description of per-
sons liable to it. It was merchants and bankers
oaly.   This construction is fortified by the iitl«:
"An act against such persons as do make bank-
rupt" thereby, «xvi termini, restricting it to mer-
chants and banker*.
The provisions of this law partook of the cruel
and bltN*)y character ot the monarch in whose
reign it was eoaced.
I. The body, if it could be found, and all the
property of ihe debtor, were to be seized by the
commissioners, and the latter was distributed for
the use of the creditors equally.
9. The whole property of the debtor was, ipso
/«efo, by ihe mere lorce of Ihe statute, vested in the
commissioners, as also all kisfutute Mentation*.
3 Ihe debtor was outlawed if he did not sur-
render himself within a limited lime; and, of
course, in that event, his life was at the mercy of
every one.
4.  Two ac's of bankruptcy only were specified:
suddenly fleeing to parts unknown, or keeping
house, not minting to pay their creditors.
5.   It opera ed only on the subject of debtor and
creditor, growing out of contracts.
6.   The remedy was summary and extra-
ordinary, confined to the creditor without trial, or
judement, or execution, and, upon the simple order
of the commissioners, vested all the property and
future acqu sitions of the debtor in themselves,
aad gave ihem a right to take the body also.
These two laiter provisions, together with the
equal distribution of the assets, with such modifica-
tion as the experience or necessities of the case
misfit, from time io time, require, have coniinued
fundamental principles of every law upon the t«6-
jtet of bankruptcy.
In the ihineeuht year of the reign of Elizabeth,
(1570,) this law underwent many modifications.
The preamble of that statute recites, that notwith-
standing ihe statute before mentioned, against
bankrupts, " hose persons have, and still do, in-
crease into great and excessive numbers, and are
like more to do, if some better provision be not
made for the repression of ibero;" and declares
that all merchants, Ac. and persons seeking his or
her trade or living by buying and felling, shall be
liable to be declared bankrupts. The repression
of bankrupts was the object of this statute; and to
effect this object, the operation of the law of bank-
rup'cy was extended to trade , as well as mer-
chants and banker*, to which the former statute
seems to have been restrained byconsiruciion.if not
by its language. It is difficult to understand bow
a mi-chiel could be repressed by restraining the
operation of an efficacious and approved remedy to
a fewer description or class of persons. The re-
medy was desgned to act beneficially, by enlarg-
ing, not circumscribing, ihe sphere of its action.
Tms s aiuie authorized the Lord Chancellor, by
commission, to ve?t the estate of the bankiupt in
commissioners, with power to at rest his body.
It makes bat little altera'mn in the provisions of
the former sta'ute, to which I have adverted, per-
tinent to our present inquiry.
Up to this time, the discharge of the debtor from
the contract, foimed no part of the subject of a
bankrupt law. That princ pie was first introduced
in the statuie, 4 and 5 Anne, (1705 ) That statnle
first in.reduced the punishment of death agaimt
the bankrupt; and the policy of discharging the
bankrupt from bis contract; and allowing a per
centage to the bankrupt, whose assets should pay
a certain per centage.
Since that time (tie subject of the bankrupt law
in England has been confined uniformly to mer-
chants, bankers, and traders, or those who, from
time to time, have been declared traders by Parlia-
ment; and in the case of the occurrence of bank-
rupxy, it operates upon the contract of such debtor
and his ere htors, by furnishing the creditor a sum-
miry and extraordinary remedy, and ihe debtor an
extraordinary relief, a discharge fromthe contracts,
not known or extended to other contracts, or classes
of debtors and crecitois. These features have a'-
ways been retained in the subsequent English sta-
nza; and by uniform legislation, hive become the
fundamental principles of the English law on the
luojeef of bankruptcy, triumphing over all the mo-
difications and alterations of subsequent legisla-
tion.
For a considerable period ¿in the history of the
legislation of England upon the subject of bank*
ruptcy, ihe bankrupt was looked upon as an offen-
der, a criminal; liable, in a given case, to torfeit his
life; and the remedy was placed exclusively in the
hands of the cretnor. But at lensth the mild and
benign principles of Christianity were infused into
the syMem; and in the first year of the reirn of
Q«orge the Third, the stain of blood was effaced
from it. Long before that, the humanity of credi-
tors, and of courts and legislators, had practically
moulded the system in such manner, that the ho-
nest debtor was deempd unfortunate merely, and
there was doled out to him a pittance, from the
wrecks of his misfortune, to support his family,
and to begin the wotld anew, teinvigorated wi;h
hope. The policy, as well as the principles of the
law ol bankruptcy, were fundamen'allv restrained
to contracts between debtor and creditor, where
the debtor was a trader and failed. It mattered not
whether he was a irader in money, credit, or
goods. The law of bankruptcy sprung from the
creditsystem, commerce, and trade, and was cir-
cumscribed in its operation io those who were train-
ing their livelihood by us means, and pxposed to its
hazards, vicissitudes, an 1 revulsions But the remedy
of the creditor, the relie/ of ihe debtor, the modej of
its procedure, the machinery by which it acted, were
always controllable by fegis/aitce wisdom, to be
moulded to accommodate the progressive advance-
ment of the age, the extension of trade and com-
merce, and the expansion of the credit sysiem. It
was a fixed and settled system only ia those fun-
damental principles, that it operated on these con-
tracts or relations between debtor and creditor only
where ihe fotmer was a merchant, banker, or trader,
or declared to be such by law, and was unwilling
or unable to pay his debts—that it cave to the cre-
ditors as a das*, in case of the commission of an
act of bankrup'cy, a summary and extraordinary
remedy, not afforded on other contracts, of arrest-
ing the body of ihe debtor, and seizing all his pro-
perty, without trial, judgment, or execution, or any
process known to the common law—that such pro-
perty was to be appropriated for the equal benefit
of the creditors, without preference, except such as
the law should define; and in consideration of the
exercise of this power by the creditor, and of bis
thus stripping his debtor of his property, the honest
bankrupt was discharged from the contract. These,
I believe, will be found to b  the only fundamen-
tal principles of the law on the subject of bank-
ruptcy, known and recognised as the English sys-
tem at the time of Ihe framing the Constitution ot
the United States. At that time such class of per-
sons only, and such contracts only, and such rela-
tions of debtor and creditor only, were the subjects
of the bankrupt law in England. Who should or
should not be deemed merchants, bankers, or traders—
what should be considered an act of bankruptcy—
the manner «f procedure in respect io the remedy—
the preferences, the classes of persons who, falling
within the general description of merchants, bank-
ers, and traders, should be exempted from the law—
the machinery of the system, and the extent and
tffect and mode of the diseAarge of the debtor from
his contract—and all the details of the system, were
plastic, to be moulded from time to time, according
to legislative discretion and wisdom, to suit the va-
rying operations of trade and commerce, and the
credit system.
The dicta e-f the Supreme Court of the United
States, "that the line of partition between bankrupt
and insolvent laws, is not so distinctly marked as
to enable any one to say with positive precision
what regulations belong exclusively to one, and not
lo the other class of laws," admits that there is a
distinction between the laws. There are some
fundamental distinctions that separate them into
classes.
1.  Bankrupt laws are confined to merchants,
bankers, and traders, and to contracts. Insolvent
laws operate on all classes of persons, and upon
torts, as well as contrac s.
2.   Insolvent laws cannot operate on the contract
bv dissolving it. Bankrupt laws may, and do.
The former is confined to the remedy on the con-
tract—the latter proUrates, at one blow, the con-
tract, ana alt remedies founded on it. The former
may operate by prescribing the circumstances which
