464
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong.......1st Seis.
Bankrupt Law—Mr. Norvell.
May, lt4Q.
Senate.
lees, and will not corporations and associations of
persons, become the asylum of fraud, the hiding
place of dishonesty, and the rogue's last refuge?
The country is shiogVsd over with corporations al-
ready, and under such an immunity they will in-
crease and multiply so as to exclude the natural
man from all business.
Will it be said that we cannot bind the corpora-
tions created by States? Are they not subject to
our general laws? Are they not bound by the ge-
neral principles contained in ihe provisions of this
bill against preferences, frauds, &c? Cannot
Congress bind them by their general laws, their
revenue laws, <fec? To what would such a princi-
ple lead? Have gentlemen reflected upon it? The
principle which 1 have assumed in the substitute,
and which I believe to be the only sound one, is,
that where Congress have a constitutional right to
legislate, they may bind artificial persons, whether
deriving their authority from themselves or any
one of the States, as well as natural persons, by
Iheir laws. If they cannot bind artificial persons,
it must be bicause they cannot bind natural
persons.
It may be objected that sovereign States are members of the
corporations which are included in the bill. It may be so.
But this does not affect the question of constitutional power.
It is a mere que«tion of policy; and, as I have befare intimated,
I leave that to the judgment of the Senate. But who will con-
tend that a State, by gianting a charter to itself, or itself and its
citizens, can put such corpoiation beyond the operation of the
constitutional legislation of Congress—create an impertum in
imperial This question has been put at rest by the solemn
decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, in 9 Wheat.
904, the Sink of the United States vs. the Planters' Bank of
Georgia. That court decided that "whenever a Government
becomes a partner in any trading company, it divests itself, so
far as concerns the transactions of that company, of its sove
reign character, and takes that of a private citizen. Instead of
communicating to it its privilege  and it* prerogatives, it
descends to a level with those with whom it associates itself,
and takes the character which belongs to its associates, and to
the business which is to be transacted. Thus many States who
have an interest in banks, are not suable in their own courts,
yet they never exempt the corporation from being sued."
It may also be objected that there is n  precedent for in-
cluding corporations in the operation of the bankrupt law.
Perhaps it is so. But the very nature of a bankrupt system is
so plastic as to the modus operandi, that it may be extended to
include them. If this be not correct, the bill of the majority
falls to the ground; for no distinct precedent can be found for
allowing its benefits upon the act of the debtor alone, and 10
the debtor alone. If I nave been successful in my efforts, I
have shown that the classes of persons who shall be deemed
technical merchants, bankers, or traders, belong to legislative
wisdom, to determine from time to time, so as to render the
bankrupt system an effectual adjunct of the commerce, trade,
ant credit system. So far from doubting the power of Con-
gress to include corporations, it is more reasonable to doubt
the policy of excluding them, when they are technically and
really merchants, bankers, or traders. Such an exclusion has
the appearance of breaking its uniformity, without sufficient
cause.
Again: It will be contended that by excluding such corpora-
tions and associations as are exempted from th« bankrupt law
by their charters, or the express legislation of the States, the
uniformity of ih,e law is destroyed, and such exemption renders
it unconstitutional. My answer is, that the law must be uni-
form upon the classes singled out for its action; you may ex-
empt either persons nr corporations, in certain categories, from
is operation, although, without such exemption, they would
fall within the general description The law of Congress, esta-
blishing an uniform system ol bankruptcy, in 1800, as well as
a'l the subsequent laws proposed in this body, and all laws on
t le subject of bankruptcy, show this.
The discussion, however, on all these matters belongs, to the
policy and the details of the bill, and I shall be ready at the ap-
propriate time to submit my views on these matters, more
a',large.
In conclusion, I have to remark, that I have endeavored to
discharge my duty, as one of the members of the Judiciary
Committee, in preparing and presenting an uniform law upon
the subject of bankruptcy.   I submit it as asubs'itute for that
S reparad by the majority. In doing so, I submit It to the wis-
om of the Senate, for correction and amendment. I am not
wedded to any of its provisions, or unwil'ingto adopt any al-
terations or amendments that may be suggested. I announce,
however, that I cannot support any partial, particular or spe-
cial law, which breaks up the uniformity of the law of bank-
ruptcy, into separate laws for the debtor, creditor, and corpo-
r itions.
I hope I may net be charged with enmity to banks by the ad-
vocates of the bill proposed by the majority, because t have in-
cluded corporations in the compulsory clause. Was I actuated
by such feelings, I would support the bill proposed by the ma-
jority. I believe no more effectual mode could be devised by
human ingenuity to prostrate the banks, than to authorize their
debtors to dissolve the obligation of their contracts with them
without payment
It is proper for me to observe, that in discussing this subiect.
I do not intend to be drawn ofTin'o any personal or political dis-
cussion, unless compelled by high aod imperious necessity.
Such discussions ought not to be mingled wuh the claims of
suffering humanity, or grave questions of policy, naturally con-
nected with the adoption of a measure which rises superior to
the ephemeral politics of the day.
SPEECH OF MR. NORVELL,
OF MICHIGAN.
Jit Smalt, rTtdattdtti/, May 20, 1840—On the bill
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy, and
on the substrate embracing voluntary and in-
voluntary bankruptcy, tand also corporations.
Mr. NORVELL &aiu that his honorable friend
from Norih Carolina, [Mr. Strange,] in the
learned and able speech which he had yesterday
delivered on the bill and the substitute before the
Senate, had, towards its/ clpse, expressed doubts
whether Congress had the ¿onstitutiona,!,. power to
pass a bankrupt law which would have a retro-
spective operation on pre-existing contract;.
[Mr. Strange explained, and said that his
doubts had reference to the retrospective operation
of such a law upen previous acts of bankruptcy.]
Mr. Norvell resumed. He did iiot. precisely
comprehend the explanation; but it was sufficient
for the purpose he had in view, to stale that the
power of Congress had been questioned to pass
laws of bankruptcy which would operate on con-
tracts existing prior to the.r passage. If this doc-
trine were correct; if the debts of individuals
which are now due all over the country, and which
they are unable to pay, could not be reached and
extinguished by a bankrupt law, on the sunender
of whatever property they at present possess, such
a law would afford no re'ief to their sufferings and
distresses. No benefit could accrue to the nation
from a bankrupt law merely prospective in its ope-
ration on future contracts. He should vote for no
such law. But, in bis judgment, no doubt ought
to exist as to the unqtia lfied, unlimited, and ex-
press power of Congress over the whole subject of
bankruptcy. Theoojectofa bankrupt law was
to apply the entire proceeds of the property of the
debtor to the payment of his creditor, to relieve the
debtor from all duress, to set him free, and to pro-
tect him in his future acquu-i'ions, of propsriy. On
this subject be should produce authorities of a very
conclusive character. In 1827, when a bank-
rupt bill was under discussion in the Se-
nate, Mr. Reed of Mississippi moved an
amendment to the first section, declar-
ing that nothing contained in that section,
nor any other provision of the bill, "should ex-
tend, or be construed to extend, to any contract
made before the passage and promulgation of this
act." In considering the question, "does Congress
possess the power to provide, by a bankrupt law,
for the discharge of contracts existing anterior to
the passage of that law," Mr. Berrien Htid:
"That Congress possesses a power over thjs subject, which
is co extensive wuh the provisions of this bill, and which does
not belong to the States; in direct terms, that it possesses the
power to provide, by a bankrupt law for ibe discharge of pre-
existing as well as future contracts, may be satisfactorily
proved It results from the express terms of the Constitution;
and that both affirmatively and negatively; affirmatively by the
grant of power to Congress to establish uniform laws on the
subject of bankruptcies; and negatively, by the denial to the
States ofihe right to pass any law impairing the obligation of
contracts."
H<" goes on to observe:
"With a perfect knowledge that the efllct and operation of
statutes of bankruptcy, in other countries, were to discharge
the debtor from pre-existing contracts; wilh the subject ofthe
inviolability of contraéis thus obviously presented to their minds,
since they were engaged in restiaimngihe power of the States
in this very particular, is it possible lo conceive that the fra-
me  of the Constitution would have given to Congress a gene-
ral control over the subject of bankruptcy; unlimited, except in
he requisition of uniformity, lfthev had intended to restrict its
exercise in the manner contended fer by the Senator from
Mississippi) The power, now denied, was affirmed by both
Houses of Congress in the bankrupt law of 1800; and, more
than once since that period, has the same principle been as-
serted by the Senate."
The Supreme Court has also repeatedly decided,
that the power to pass bankrupt laws retrospective
in their operation, was constitutional; and Chief
Justice Marshall ha< la>d down the doctrine, that
the power of Consress over the subject of bank-
rup'cy was both unlimited and supreme, ami had
declared that this principle had never been ques-
tioned. But, sir, the Senate itself, at the clo^e of
the debate on the amendment of Mr. Reed, has
given the most decisive judgment upon the sub-
ject. Toat amendment received but sixteen votes,
" while thirty-twf  votes were forded against it.
Among those who thus voted to reject the amend-
ment, are found the names of Mr. Benton, Mr.
Be'r'fn, Gneral Harrison, Mr. Havne, the present
Vice President, Mr King, Mr. Van Buren, and
Mr. Woodbury. The power cf Congress to em-
brace pre-existing contracts in a bankrupt law was,
therefore, in his judgment, conclusively esta-blithed,
and not hereafter to bs drawn into question.
Mr President, continued Mr. N. my dee|> con-
viction is, that no legislation, no measure, no com-
bination of measures that we can adopt, would af-
ford one temh part of the relief to the country
which will be secured 10 it by the passage of a uni-
form law of bankruptcy. But after the able and
eloquent speeches to which the Senate have listened,
on this subject, I can hope to shed no new lght
upon it. The vicissitudes and disasters o> business
of all kinds have produced among all clas>es of
men so much indebteduess,such extensive distress, a
paralysis so universal, that it becomes every mem-
ber alive to this state of things to contribute his ef-
forts, however feeble they may prove, towards the
removal of ihe evils under which the country is
suffering. It has been often and truly said that
thousands of our fellow-cit zjns have, by misfor-
tune—by excess of overtrading—by the spirit of
speculation—by miscarriages in business, become
hopelessly embarrassed. They are unable to re-
lieve themselves from the burdens under which
they groan. Their energies are paralyzed—their
hopes and hearts are crushed beneath the pressure.
It is notan extravagant estimate to say that not
fewer than two hundred thousand of our mon ac-
tive, intelligent, and enterprising citizens, from
twenty-five to fi'.ty years of age, are actual bank-
rupts at this moment. Upon their industry and
exertions depend the subsistence and comfort of at
least a million more of their connections. Wives
and children, brothers and sisters, fathers and mo-
thers, share in the mortification and distress. Tne
class of citizens to whom I allude,' if relieved from
their present condition—if emancipated from the
debts which chain them down to the earth, would
not only be enabled to support and educate their
families, but to contribute to the enhancement of
the wealth and prosperity of the country. Tne de-
sired relief cm only be afforded by the passage of
a general bankrupt law, embracing all, of what-
ever pursuit, who require to be restored to a free
exercise of their industry and their business fa-
culties.
Without a measure of this kind, the debtor, whose
obligations are beyond his ability to pay, is left
jviihout means and without hope; an outcast and a
reproach in the world; mortified, humiliated,
shunned by others, and degraded in his own esti-
mation; incapable of holding up his head; his wife
and children participating in the desolation of his
feelings; suffering for want of bread, and with no
light beyond the horizon to brighten their future
projects.
Such a debtor is, indeed, doomed to drag out a
miserable existence. The gloom of a despairing
mind casts a cloud over his whole life. His con-
dition stimulates to intemperance. It preys upon
his health and spirits. He is broken down in con-
stitution and mind, and brought to a premature
grave, leaving a widowed and an orphan, family
in the depths of despondency.
The insolvent laws of the States afford no ade-
quate relief. They not only take away all the ex-
isting property of the debtor, but subject all that he
may acquire hereafter to the payment of his past
debts. They afford freedom to his person only
within the limits of his own Stale. If he has oc-
casion to travel beyond its boundaries, he is liabla
to be pursued by the merciless creditor, aided by
the harpies ofthe law; to be arrested and impri-1*
soned among strangers; his family outraged in then*
feelings, and deprived of his services for their sub-
sistence.
The process of voluntary bankruptcy affords an
effective and lasting relief to the debtor, upon the
hone-t surrender ol his effects for the benefit of his
creditors, and protects his future acquisitions of
property.    He can br gin the world anew.
The process of involuntary bankruptcy, con-
fined to ihe merchant and trader, enables the cre-
ditor to arrest the wasteful indiscretion and extra-
vagance of the debtor, and strengthens the security
of ihe contract between them. It secures a more
certam and full discharge of the debt, and again
leaves the debtor free to engage in his accustomed
pursuits. Nor does ihis compulsory species of
bankruptcy, as applied to merchants and traders,
prevent that class of eitisens frem seeking the be-
nefit of the voluntary provision. Both the bill sad
the substitute allow all persons to avail themselves
