May, 1840.
—                                             i                           ■ ■■!
26th Cong.......1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
465
Bill for the relief of Capt. Wm. Williams—Mr. Pierce.
Senate.
of voluntary bankruptcy. The feature of involun-
tary bankruptcy is limited to merchants, for the
mutual benefit of the creditor and debtor. The
same reasons do not require the farmer to be sub-
jected to this process from his creditor.
In relation to banks, no other measure than a
bankrupt law can be adopted by this Government,
to secare a sound currency in bank notes to the
country. Of the perfect pawer of Congress on
•this point, and indeed over the whole subject of
bankrup'cy, be had never entertained the least
doabu Toe language of the Constitution is ex-
plicit and unqualified, leaving no loop to hang a
question on. The excessive issues of banks, the
evils of an irredeemable paper currency, the mis-
chiefs of its ever varying value, can only be effec-
taallv restrained and corrected by a law of bank-
ruptcy. He had the highest authorises to sustain
his position on this subject—authorities which had
never been questioned.
In answer to inquiries propounded to him by the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn,] then chairman of the Committee on Na-
tional Currency in the House of Representatives,
Mr. Dallas, the Secretary of the Treasury, in a re-
port dated March 19,1816, recommended the adop-
tion of measures to secure the payment of the
dues to the Government in specie. Treasury notes,
or the notes of such banks as redeemed their bills
with gold or silver. In that report, he said that,
"if it ever should become necessary to increase the
force of the measures which he had suggested, pro-
vision might be made, und>r the constitutional
power of Congress, to subject all banks and bank-
ers, failing lo pay their notes according to the terms
of the contract, to a seizure of their estates and ef-
fects for the benefit of their creditors, as in a case
of legal bankruptcy."
In a letter of Mr. Crawford, when Secretary of
the Treasury, on the exportation of the coins of
the United States, addressed to the Committee on
Finance in the Senate, en the 29ih of December,
1813, he says that, whatever may be the result of
the experiment to preserve the convertibility of
bank notes into current specie, until that experi-
ment is tried,
"No legislative interference is conceived to be necessary, ex-
cept for the enforcement of the obligation on the part of the
bank  to discharge their notes in specie when demanded. This
can be mast certainly effected, by considering and punishing,
««an act of bankruptcy, any attempt on the part of a bank to
circulate its notes whilst it refuses to discharge th m in specie,
or the notes of other banks in the same situation."
In a report made to the House of Representa-
tives, on the currency, the 12th of February, 1820,
Mr. Crawford again says, that
''Whenever the agency of banks should be employed in fur-
nishing part of the circulation, a refusal or omission ta dis-
charge their notes, on demand, in the national currency, should
be treated aa an act of bankruptcy."
These distinguished statesmen entertained no doubt
of the constitutionality of such a measure. They
believed it to be the only efficient check upon the
tendency of the local banks to issue and force a
vicious currency upon the country.
These are not the only authorities • in favor of
applying the bankrupt principle to banks.     In
February, 1827, Mr. Branch, pending the bank-
rupt bill in this body, moved to include banking
corporations as fit subjects for the coercive and re-
straining operation of the bill.   He said that the
banks of the South had given circulation to a de-
preciated   paper   currency, which subjected the
people to great losses, and that measures onght to
be adopted 10 enforce a just disposition of their
effects for the benefit of their numerous creditors.
Merchants and individual brokers had been brought
within the pains and penalties of the bill; and why
should not banking corporations, failing or refus-
ing to redeem their debts, their worthless paper,
he subjected  to the fame consequences?   Should
Congress legislate with a view to the weaker por-
tions of the community, and leave its laws silent,
or with the strength of the cobweb, as regarded
the stronger portions?   Banks had weighed down,
with a merciless oppression,  the community of
which he was a member.   Let the Senate lay the
axe at the root of the evil, and pave the way to a
cordial acceptance of a bankrupt law throughout
the country, by making it instrumental in restrain-
ing those arbitrary and aristocratic moneyed institu-
tions, which were bow privileged beyond the pale
30
°f the law. If they were not checked, Ihey would
shake the fabric of our liberties, and bring down
ruin upon some of the most meritorious classes of
the country.
Mr. Smith, of South Carolina, said that the
amendment was a rational plan for the relief of the
people. Banks refuse to pay their bills with im-
punity. Wry should they be exempted, any more
than individual bankers, or merchants, from the
consequences? There was no difficulty in applying
the principle of bankruptcy to banks. Their pre-
sidents and director*, whenever they commit an
act of bankruptcy, could as easily be subjected to
the consequences jas any other individuals. They
are the responáble persons. More evils had sprung
up from the conduct of the banks, than from the
invasions of enemies, or from the commercial disas-
ters of Europe. They were ihe destroying angels,
which had passed over our country with terror and
devastation.
Mr. Barton coincided in the views which had
been expressed in favor of the amendment. Banks
were no more the objects of protection and care
to the State Legislatures than were merchants and
others. To bring banks under a bankrupt law,
was no more an invasion of State sovereignty,
than to bring the merchants and other citizens of
the States under its operation. There was no dif-
ficulty in the case.
Mr. Reed said, that to declare a bank to be
bankrupt, did not forfeit its charter. The only
effect of the amendment would be to compel the
banks to pay their debts. It did not affect the rights
of the States.
Mr. Van Bdren and others opposed the amend-
ment, on the ground that it was an interference
with State soveie gnty, and an indirect way of pie-
venting the States from granting bank charters.
They maintained that the penalty of bankruptcy,
in the case of banks, could be brought to operate
on no person, the directors and officers being only
their hired agents, and properly exempt from the
penalty of bankruptcy. The amendment was voted
down; but it was sustained by the votes of such
mea as Mr. Macen, Mr. John Randolph, Mr. Ben-
ton, Mr. Smith of South Carolina, Judge White of
Tennessee, aud Mr. Branch, renowned in the po-
litical history of the country for their devotion to
State rights and State sovereignty. Mr. Van Bu-
rén has changed his views upon this subject. Ten
years'experience, the renewed suspension of specie
payments by the banks in a state of profound peace,
and the consequent derangement of all the pecuni-
ary and financial affairs of the country, induced
him, after he became President, to recommend to
Congress the propriety and importance of a uni-
form law concerning bankruptcies of corporations
and other bankers, as a salutary check on the issues
of paper money, and an effectual remedy to the
citizen, in a way at once equal in all parts of the
Union, and fully authorized by ihe Constitution.
But, sir, I cannot concur in the idea, that the
banks may be taken by the State Legislatures, in
their discretion, from under the operation of the
bankrupt law. Reflection has sati-.fied me that
such a provision would not only, as has been just-
ly said by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] destroy the uniformity of the law, but
would defeat the end it has in view , so far as re-
gards corporations. We have seen the influence
exercised by banks over many of our State Legis-
latures. We have seen their repeated suspensions
of specie payments, their acts of insolvency, their
violations of all iheir charter obligations, sanction-
ed in the legislative halls of their respective States.
We could not expect that the same influence would
not be effective in inducing such similar Slate ac-
tion as would take the banks from the operation of
this law. It would then have failed to restrain ex-
cessive issues. • It would have failed to prevent
suspensions. It would have failed to secure to the
people a solid paper currency. I would rather see
the provision entirely stricken out, than that it
should pass with a discretionary authority vested
in the State Legislatures to relieve the banks from J
its operation.
Id relation to the inclusion of farmers and me-
chanics in a bankrupt bill, he entertained no diffi-
culty.   He would not apply the compulsory prin-
ciple to them. It was not necessary. The Con-
stitution specified no particular class as entitled to
the exclusive benefit of a law of bankruptcy; and
it was only by a resort to professional and technical
ingenuity, by a reference to the darker ages of Ve-
nice and England, that such a law was attempted
to be limited to the merchant and trader. If a bill
so restricted should pass, it would not reach the
evils under which the country was suffering. It
would be a partial law: it would be neither uni-
form nor equal in its effects. The vivifying prin-
ciple of relief ought to be extended to all; to the
cotiage of the farmer and Ihe humble dwelling of
the mechanic, as well as to the princely palace of
the merchant. In the origin of the insolvent and
bankrupt principle, it was first applied to the mass
of the people. "The first insolvent law that was
ever passed," says an eloquent statesman, "was ap-
plied by the conscript fathers of Rome. When the
people refused to fight the enemy, because they
were laboring under oppressive debts, a law was
passed to relieve them from their obligations. They
returned to their ranks, beat the enemy, and saved
Rome."' The example of Republican Rome was
entitled to more weight with us than that of either
Venice or England.
After all, Mr. President, with the public voice,
and the cries of distress, which haye reached the
bar of this Senate, vibrating on our ears; with the
universal expression of public sentiment in my own
State, and the unanimous vote of her Legislature
on this subject, before me, I couid not refrain from
pressing the passage, before we adjourn, of some
general bankrupt law, which will afford the relief
to our suffering fellow-citizens, which their neces-
sities, and the wants of the country, demand. No
doubting the expediency of embracing both banks
and the involuntary principle in the bill, and hav-
ing no constitutional difficulties as to our power
on the subject, I shall, in the first ptace, vote to in-
clude both. The essential and most valuable fea-
ture of any bankrupt act, is that which will enable
the debtor to relieve himself, by a voluntary ap-
plication for its benefit; and if I cannat obtain all
that, in my judgment, a bill should embrace, I
shall feel compelled to vote for the best that can be
obtained, if it bhall be such as to secure the relief
due to.a distressed and suffering peop'e.
\------------------------------------------
Sf EECH OF MR. PIERCE,
;           OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In Senée, Friday,   May   1,   1840—Upon claims
for stven years' half  pay,   and   five   years'
full a y,   uoaer  certain   resolutions   of   the
o!dC*agre^r   Several bills for the relief of
Captain'William Williams, and others, being
the spewal order of the day—
Mr. PIERCE said: When these bills were post-
poned, and made the order for to-day, I hoped that
I might be able to arrange, with somewhat more
system than other pressing engagements, and the
state of my health, have permitted me to do, the
facts and views which I desired to present to the
Senate.   I have, however, examined the cases im-
mediately under consideration, with such care, that
I trust I shall be able to make my objections un-
derstood.
The iew remarks, which I took occasion to sub-
mit when the bills were reported from the com-
mittee, may, I am sensible, have struck gentlemen
as out of place, and somewhat too sweeping in
their character. My first object (doubting whether
I'would be able to take any part in the debate) was
to bring the claims, at that early stage, to the no-
tice of other Senators, who, on former occasions, I
knew had not been indifferent to the subject. How
far facts, not controverted, and irresistible infe-
rences, justify the remark then made—that among
all claims of this class that have been allowed by
Congress within  the last thitty-four years,
and
be found haying any good foundation, either m law
or in the broadest equity-I shall now attempt to
show.   The first case upon the calendar, or indeed
all, are comparatively of li"ie  ^ ' °?rU¿
though to liquidate them, will probably reque not
a lesl sum íhan from #25,000 to ^0,000; but.any
one of them is of vast consequence as e-tabhshmg
principles «pon which we will legislate, and plao-
