May, 1840.___________
S6th Cong«««1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED
Bill for the relief of Capl.JVm. Williams—Mr. Pierce.
.4,67
Senate.
Sir, the officers were nei'hef in en-.ble nor un-
mitdfui of ¡hi- frrbni; 'hey h id mad -every sarr-
fice for liberty; but there was a sacrifice they could
not make; their fortune*, their lives, were compa-
ratively nothin?; but they could never think of for-
feiting the good opinion of the people, wth whom
and for whom they had served,for, as I have before
observed, it wasa warof nearly a whole people; and
this, as every body knows, was the secret of ultimate
success—and this, asevery nation will know, slull
be the grand guarantee of our liberty in every fu-
ture contest, and ia all coming time, against fo-
reign foes.
They perceived what was the public sentiment,
and, gallant, patriotic men as they were, they yield-
ed to it; a compromise was the consequence—a
compromise satisfactory to all men in all station?.
What was the moving cause of that compromise!
A memorial from the officers themselves, which I
feel bound to notice, out of a deep reverence to the
noble spirits that prompted it; as worthy of be-
ing repeated not only here, but in the ear of every
American citizen; as worthy of being contrasted
with the memorials which, within the last ten years,
have come here, complaining of distress, and ask-
ing for relief in the midst of peace and security,
affluence and ease. This paper, with Gen. Knox
as its first signer, breathes such sentiments as the
following:
'^Humbly sheweth, that we, the officers of the army of the
United States, in behalf of ourselves andourbrethren, the sol-
diers, beg leave, with all proper deference and respect, fteely
to state to Congress, the supreme power of the United States,
the great distress under which we labor.
"At this period of tlv; war, it is with peculiar pain we find
ourselves constrained to address your august body on matters
of a pecuniary nature. We have strugsled with our difficul-
ties year after year, under the ho^e that each would be the
last; but we have been disappointed. We find our embarrass-
ments thicken so fast, and have become so complex, that many
of us are unable to go farther. In this exigence, we apply to
Congress for relief, as our head and sovereign.
"We complain that shadows have been offered to us, while
the substance has been gleaned by others.
"Our distresses are now brought to a point. We have borne
alt that men can bear. Our property is expended-, our private
resources are at an end; and our friends are wearied out and dis-
gusted with our incessant applications. We, therefore, most
seriously and earnestly beg that a supply of money may be for-
warded to the army as soon as possible. The uneasiness of the
soldiers, for want of pay, h great and dangerous, and further
experiments on their patience may have fatal effects.
"We regard the act of Congress respecting half pay, as an
honorable and just recompense lor several years' hard service,
in. which the health and fortunes of the officers have been worn
down and exhausted. We see with chagrin the odious point
of view in which th?. citizensof too many of the States endeavor
to place the men entitled to it. We hope, for the honor of hu-
man nature, that there are none so hardened in the sin of in-
gratitude as to deny the justice of the reward. We have reason
to believe that the objection generally is against the mode only.
To prevent, therefore, any altercations and distinctions which
may tend to injure that harmony which we ardently desire
may reign throughout the community, we are willing to com-
mute the half pay pledged, for full pay for a certain number of
yean, or for a sum in gross, as shall be agreed to by the
committee sent with this address. And in this we pray, that the
disabled officers and soldiers, with the widows and orphans of
those who have expended, or may expend, their lives in the
service of their country, may be fully comprehended. We
also beg that some mode may be pointed out for the eventuai
payment of those soldiers who are the subjects of the resolu-
tion of Congress of the 15th May, 1778."
This memorial was dated at Cantonment, Hud-
son river, J 782. No immediate action of Congress
followed, and in the month of March both the army
and the country was thrown into the highest state
of excitement and alarm by four publications,
addressed by one of the most able men and power-
ful writers of his time (himself an officer of rank)
to lúa brethren. He commences his first article
thus:
"A fellow soldier, whose interests and affections bind him
strongly to you, whose past sufferings have been as great, and
whose future fortune may be as desperate as yours, would beg
leave to address you.
"Like many of you, he loved private life, and left it with
regret. He left it, detet mined to retire from the field with the
necessity that called him to it, and not till then—not till the
enemies of his country, the slaves of power, and the hirelings
of injustice, were compelled te abandon their schemes, and ac-
knowledge America as terrible in arms as she had been humble
in remonstrance. Wi'.h this object in view, he has long shared
in your toils and mingled in your dangers. He has felt the cold
hand of poverty without a murmur, and has seen the insolence
of wealth without a sigh. But, too much under the direction of
his wishes, and sometimes weak enough to mistake desire for
opinion, he has till lately, very lately, believed in the justice of
his country. He hoped, that as the clouds of adveisity scat-
tered, and as the sunshine of peace and better foruine broke in
upon us, the coldness and severity of Government woulil relaxj
and thatj-more than justice, that gratitude would blaze forth íipon
these hands which had upheld her in ihe darkest stages of her
passage from impending servitude to acknowledged indepen-
dence,. But fanh has its limit  as well as temper, and there are
points beyond which neither can be stretched, without sinking
Jnto cowardice, or plunging into credulity,
''Let it be represented ¡n language that will neither dishonor
yon iiy iis rudeness, nor betray you by its lears, what has been
promised by Congress, and wnai has been penormed—how
long and liow patiently y m have suffered-how litile \ou have
asked, and how much "fill it little has b en denied. Tellthem
that though you were the first, and would wish to be the last, to
encounter danger; though despair itself can never drive you
into dishonor, it may drive you from the field; that the wound,
often initated, and never healed, may at length become incura-
ble; and that the slightest mark of indignity from Congress now
must operate like the grave, and part you 'orevei; that in any
political event, the army has its alternative. If peace, that
nothing shall separate you from your arms but death; if war,
that courting the auspices, and inviting the direction of your il-
lustrious leader, you will retire to "some unsettled country,
smile in your turn, and 'mock when their fear cameth on.' "
This was followed by other and yet more inflam-
matory appeals, urging the officers not to lay aside
their swords until suitable provision should be
made. Whether necessary or not, it is well known
that all the energy and moral power of the Com-
mander-in-chief was promptly put forth to silence
murmurs and restore tranquillity. This is striking-
ly shown by his address, delivered to the officers as-
sembled on the 15th March, 1783. At this meet-
ing General Gatrs presided, and the resolutions
which were unanimously adopted on the occasion
justified the confidence that had been reposed in
the most brave, chivalrous, high-toned, and de-
; voted band of men, who ever drew swords in a
common cause. The sixth resolution is in the fol-
i  lowing words:
"Resolved, unanimously, That the officers of the American
army view with abhorrence, and reject with disdain, the infa-
mous propositions contained in a late anonymous address to the
officers of the army; and resent, with indignation, the secret at-
tempts of some unknown persons to collect the officers together
in a manner totally subversive of all discipline and good order."
I have been thus particular for two rea;>on^: first,
Í:  because it is well to be refreshed in this history, so
¡;  honorable to the cause, and to the distinguished ac-
I1   tors in that mighty drama; and secondly to  show
;;  ihat it is not in th? nature of things, that the provi-
!  sions of the resolution of March, 1783, adopted in
¡  the midst of this h'gh excitement and intense soli-
¡  citude, could have escaped the notice of any of-
ficer embraced in its purview.
V     Now, sir, I pause here to inquire of the honora-
!  ble Senator who reported these bills, what are the
| rules  of evidence which have guided the action of
|  the committee in deciding upon applicati ns of this
,  character
[Mr. Sturgeon replied, that when the officer, or
the heirs of the officer, proved satisfactorily, by
parol, or record evidence, that the officer was re-
duced by the arragement of 1780, or ibathe served
to the close of the war, and the Government could
not produce evidence of payment, the committee
reported a bill.]
On these grounds, then, the committee presume
non-payment; and it is to this presumption that I
object, as both dangerous and unjust. So extremely
probable is it that all claims founded in right have
been adjusted, and so fallible and uncertain, at
best, is all human testimony, after a lapse of sixty
years, that I believe every gentleman will concur
with me in saying, that we ought to require the
cause of this long delay, especially when the claim-
ant relies upon parol evidence, to be established by
testimony e'ear, explicit, and satisfactory, and this
without any reference to the peculiar and unfortu-
nate condition of the Government, in consequence
of the ravages of the elements.
To test more thoroughly the propriety of this
presumption, which the committee assume, at the
threshold, in favor of the claimant?, let us consi-
der, for a moment, not what would be the legal,
for they come here for the very reason that they
are without law,) but what is the natural and com-
mon sense pte-umption.
The first point to be noticed is, that ample provi-
sion was made, and the mest convenient mode
adopted, for the adjustment of the claims, under
the resolution of Match 22, 1783. At the close of
the war, they were settled as the monthly pay of
the officers was settled, and usually in the same
account. The paymaster general was authorized
and directed to adjust them by issuing ceitificaes,
which were to bear interest of six per ceat. But,
more than this: commissioners were appointed to
go into the several States, and to give public notice
of the times and places of their sitting, and the
districts within which they settled accounts;
and it was supposed that certificates were
universally   granted   in   1784.     Why   should
it    not    have    been   so?     They     wer°
upon application, and the production ..f <h-.
te.'dy
requi-
site evidence—not ready at an uncerta n time, ;.nd
at remote points, but brought, as it were, to their
very doors, and with public not ce. That any offi-
cer within the limits of the United States, and in
the possession of his faculties, could have been
ignorant of the provisions of the resolution of 1783,
and his rights accruing under it, no man can be so
credu.->us as to believe. Whenever there has been
any acuon upon pensions and kindred subjects ia
latter times, how long a period has elarsed before
that action, whether favorable or unfavorab'e, has
reached the dweliing of every survivor of that no-
ble band? The commissioners to whom I have
before referred, were furnished with the record evi-
dence, and all the necessary papers relating to the
lines of the several States to which they were re-
spectively assigned. Further than this: to bring
the matter to a close, and stimulate the officers,
who still had unsettled claims, to a speedy adjust-
ment, a resolution was passed by Congress declar-
ing that all claims not presented before August 1,
1786, should be forever barred. But this is not
all: upon the supposition that here and there an,
honest claimant might, by some casualty, have
been precluded from obtaining his rghts, in July,
1787,  another term of one year was given for their
presentation; and on the 27ih March, 1792, an act
was passed suspending the operation of the limita-
tion acts for two years. Under this extension, re-
maining claims, or such as were presented, were
adjusted at the Treasury Department by.what was
then termed certificates of registered debt. Is it
within the bounds of probability—nay, is it pos-
sible—that any claims should have been withheld,
after this period, if they were ever intendsd ¡o be en-
forced? It is to be recollected, that during this
eleven years, it was not as it unfortunately now is.
There was not only the record evidence, but there
were hosts of living witnesses to supply any defi-
ciency, both among the officers with whom the
claimants served, and Ihe soldiers whom they com-
manded. Men engaged in the >ame noJ le cause,
and serving in the same camp, were no strangers
to each other. Never, perhaps, was there a band
united by such ties oí affection, and confidence,
and intimacy. The links that bound men together
then, exist not now. Their close relations and
friendships were of a character which, perhaps,
from our very natures, can only be formed and
established amid the mutual dangers and privations
of a camp, where, as in this case, jPgenius and honor
and unshaken valor, wen pledged to the support of
a nation's rights. Every important fact, and eve-
ry incident of the eventful struggle through which
they had just passed, must have been fresh and
vivid in the recollection of all. Nothing could
have been involved in doubt. Nothing need have
been left to presumption.
Thus far in my argument I have not adverted
particularly to the unfortunate and unprotected
condition of the Government, in consequence of the
destruction of that documentary evidence, which,
forty years ago, might have been readily and tri-
umphantly appealed to, to refute these claims. To
show the extent of this loss, I read an extract from
a letter of the Third Auditor, dated January 21,
1840, in answer to certain inquiries as to the mode
of settlement, and the evidence of payment of the
seven years, half pay, under the resolution of Au-
gust 24, 1780-
'■The claims for the seven years' half pay guarantied by the
resolution of Congress ofthe24th August, 1780, never were ad-
justed by the Paymaster General and Commissioner of Army
Accounts, nor by the accountant of the War Department, the
records of whose offices now form a part of the records of thie
office—that is, all that were saved from the burning of the War
Office shortly after the removal of the Government to Washing-
tan, and the burning of the public buildings in August, in 1814.
I mention this in order that it may be seen that the facts which
I shall state in my report on the foregoing inquiries, {)?ve £?**
1 snail state in my repun vn tue lurcguiug n^uiii^ ■■;— -
derived from other sources than the fecords of this omCB-
unueu aiairs by the Secretary Oi ■■—i— a.«i  p., r< n ir«
February, 1798 (See vol. Claims, American Stare Papers, page
•in j„. ir„ «\ .h.. .h ™ «««  t that time on file in tne  war
Department l^ofUjj^^^S^if^yTh^
their widows and orphans,^chi>aQ Government, of
veral States to the old Congreaor t^P toM, of the „«,,,&,,
navment made bv the state  UI,u?L->   _u: i.______~,h.j ...
parent made by the Su^ueru.-^^              ^^ •
^JKttPwolto^ih^oaaccountofthoü^
