April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4*1
26th Cong-...1st Skss.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Clifford.
H. oí Repg.
views of  either of the   two   parties  that   were
represented  in  that  convention.    The   mass   of
the   people   felt   deepl    the   impei fections   of
the    articles    of   confederation,   and    arden'ly
wished for such alterations a* would telieve them
of the evils which they had experienced in conse-
quence of them; but there was* a wide diversity of
op D'on as to the character of the alterations ne-
wv-ary to ce mide lo attain that object.   On the
17th of September,  1787,  the present draft was
agreed to, and immediately tiansm tted to Congress
"in a letter subscribed by ihe President, in which
it was said to be the rvsuit of a spirit of amity and
of that mu'aal deference and concession which the
peculiarity of their political stuanon rendered in-
dispensable "   Immediately after iis publica ion it
was sabmi ted by Congress to the several States for
ratification.   It is necessary to glance at ihe dis-
cussion that ensued, in order more fully to compre-
hend the aim and objects of pait es, or the motive
by which they were influenced at the time of its
adoption.    It is true that many of the Republicans
opposed   it,  not because   they  were   averse   to
a   mere   perfect   union    of    the    States    for
C rtain   specified   purposes,    to    regulate    the
commerce of ihe country, and to insure ihe com-
mon defence, but because, in some íespects, its in-
ternal powers were more ample, and in others, less
cautiously restricted, as they believed, than were
consistent with the sovereignty of the ¡states, or the
liberty of Ihe people.   They were jealous of the
extent of power conferred upon the Executive, as
conceding too much to the known partialities of
their opponents, and they «riticized, with gieat se-
verity, the  omission to provide a bill of right* for
the security of the citizen.   It was this last objec-
tion that weighed so heavily on the mind of Mr.
Jefferson, and it is no discredit to the soundness of
his judgment, that the good sense of the people so
far appreciated his opinions, as to supply the defi-
ciency.   On this point Mr. Jefferson remarks:
**I approved as much of the Constitution as moat persons,
and mor  of it was disapproved by my accuser than by me,
\ and of its parts moat vitally Republican. My objection to ihe
' Constitution was the want of a bill of rights—Colonel Hamil-
ton's, that it wanted a Icing and a house of lords. The sense of
America has approved my objection, and added ihs bill of
rights, and not the king and lord3."
Again, he denies that he was opposed to the pay-
ment of the public debt, and says:
"He wishesit paid to-morrow—Colonel Hamilton never; but
alwaysto remain in existence, tar him to manage and corrupt
the Legistatuie."
It is undeniably true, that some of the features
of the instrument, which most excited the fears
and jealousy of those that desired as far as possi-
ble to preserve the authority of the States, afforded
-  the strongest inducements to their opponents
to espouse us adoption, which they d'd, for ihe rea-
sons assigned, as we'l as from the conviction aris-
ing from the iact, then made evident in the discus-
sion that immediately followed its publication, that
no nearer approach to that system of national pow-
er to which all their efforts had been direclrd with
earnest solicitude, could ever rece ¡ve the sanction
of the mass of the people. The development of
public sent ment on this point was so clear, that
the most barefaced advócales of monarchy yielded
to the demonstrations of the voice of the people,
and advocated the adoption of the Cin>titu-
Upb; and whatever may be (bought of their mo-
tirea.it most be confessed ihey contributed to a
• pxaisewortby result.     It cannot be necessary or
- useful te pursue that branch of the inquiry furiher.
My object is accomplished if I have said enough
to draw atteBtionto the incipient causes which ltd
to party division at the period of which I am speak-
ing; and, if I am not mataken, all who have ex-
amined the subject with the care which it deserves,
will teel obliged to acknowledge that it took its rise
it a radical and theoretical difference of opinion
as to the first principle of Government itself, with
reference to its tendency to promote the happiness
astij prosperity of those for whose benefit it is insti-
tuted. Let thai be as it may, of this I am certain,
that eve* since the adoption of ih° Constitution, U
ha> been the policy ol the F«d ra' party to obtain
by consttuctioB.in every shape and lorm which hu-
man ingenuity can suggest, what they failed to se-
cure after repeated attempts, by express grant.
The vagrant power to incorporate, which has 60
many advoca'es at this time in the ranks of the
Opposition, though scarcely any two of them can
agree upen its locality, was directly and solemnly
refused a place in the Constitution. It was several
times considered, in one lorm or another; but, as
often a* it was proposed, it was promptly voted
down by a large majority of the Stales. The rea-
sons assigned for the refusal were, that the people
in certain portions of the Confederacy were averse
to a National Bank, and if the power to írcorpi-
rate should be recommended, it would obviously
include the right to charter a Bank, and that this
would present an obstacle of a very dangerous
character to the consummation of the general de-
sign. Thus it appears, at that early day, the peo-
ple of this country were fully apprised of ihe
dangerous influences and alarming tendency of a
corporate institution in the bosnm of a free Repub-
lic, to control its currency, and to mete out its fa-
vors or its curses as self-interest might render most
expedient to its purpoje. The people never dream-
ed, during the discussion that ensued, (hat any such
power would be found lurking in the provisions of
the instrument they were called upon io sanction
by their suffrages. But no sooner was it adopted
than the Federal party, true to their original de-
sign, claimed it by construction. The Democratic
party denied it, and they deny it still. The oppo-
nents of this Administration, by whatever name
they choose to call themselves, affirm it. This was
the great point of division when party organiza-
tion, in its more extended sense, took place at the
close of Gon. Washington's administration wuh
refeience to the sel'Cion of his successor.
The objects of parties underwent no change, bat
the system of operation was necessarily varied
to the altered circumstances with which they were
surnunded; all acquiescpd in the new Constitution,
but their irinctple? remained the same as before
its adoption. It now bet ame necessary to fix its
interpretation. Here they divided. The one
party desired to confine us application to the spe-
cified objects for which it had been created; the
other was equally solicitous to extend Us provisions
by implication, to embrace the objects which they be-
lieved ought to have been included among its enume-
rated powers. The os'ensible object of the latter, so far
as any avowal of their intention was made, was to
include the power to incorporate, with the view io
the establishment of a National Bank. This has
been a favorite object with the anti-Democratic
party at every stage of our histery, and through all
the disguises of names and principles which have
marked its career of wickedness and folly; and if I
am not greatly deceived in the signs of the times, it
is one of the leading motives te the desperate strug-
gle for power and place now being made by a
great and poweiful pauy, under the assumed name
of Whigs. O i the 14th of December, 1790, the
Secretary of the Treasury transmuted to Congress
a'etter, accompanying his report of a plan of a
National Bank. The report is full and elabo-
rate, but I will not weary attention by reading
mere than a single passage: " It is to be
considered that such a bank is not a mere matter of
private property, but a political machine of the
greatest ímporiance 11 the State." It is manifest
ihai ihe author of that paper looked upon a bank
as the natural ally of the Executive, and as a va-
luable and necessary appendage of national power,
calcu'ated to give strength and vigor to the Federal
Administration, in all Us internal'operations and
machinery. Undoubtedly it might be so, while its
favor was conciliated, and the wishes of its owner*
and managers consulted. The principle of self
interest would dictate so much of patriotism, and
no more. The reason, however, that prompted its
recommendation, was founded upon the expecta-
tion of its alliance wiih the Government. But ex-
perience has shown, beyond controversy, that,
while such an ins itntion may become a political
machine, to sqs'am an administration of its choice,
it is no less powerful in opposition to one that may
in«-ur its dis-p'easnre. That, in either event, it will
be a politx al machine in the hands of its directors,
and consequ°ntly n responsible to the people of the
country, needs no continuation. But to mark the
line of party division with more accuracy, it is ac-
cessary to pursue this subject further.                       ¡
It scon became evident that the people, as "well
as the cabinet, were divided in opinion touching the
constitutional power of Congress to charter such
an   institution.      The   President,   in   pursuance
of a practice   which   then  prevailed,   required
the     members    ot     his     cabinet    to     submit
their   respective   views   in   writing.      As   the
opinions   of    Hamilton   and    Jefferson    cover
the   whole   ground,   I   will   read   from   them.
! It is worthy of remark,  that  ihe former main-
1 tained the power to incorpoiale, in its broadest
I sense, without limitation, deriving it from every
I specified grant in the Constitution.   Fearlessness
I was a prominent trait of his character, and, as I
have ah eady remarked, he spurned any disguise,
and on this occasion broached the  whole dtctnee
of construction, untinctured with ihe concealment
of after times; and throughout his whole public
life, I believe, he adhered to it, and gave it a steady
and firm support.   It will appear that he claimed
the right as an attribute of sovereignty itself, and
after premising that it is the clause of incorpora-
tion    which    gives   rise    to    objtction,   he   íe-
marks:
''Now it appears to the Secretary of the Treasury that this
general principle is inherent in the very definition of Go-
vernment, and essential to every step of the progress to be mado
by that of the United States; namely, that ever} power vested
in a Government is in its nature sovereign, and includes, by
force of the term, a right to employ all the means requisite, and
fairly applicable to the attainment of the ends of such power,
and which are not precluded by restrictions and exceptions spe-
cified in the Constitution, or not immoral, or not contrary to
the essential ends of politicalsociety. The circumstances that
the powers of sovereignty are,in this country, divided between
the National and State Government, does not afford the distinc-
tion requited."
"The power which can create the supreme law of the land in
any case, is doubtlesB sovereign as to such case. This general
and indisputable principio pais at onee art end to the abstract
que-iion whether the U States have power to erect a corporation,
thatisiosay, to give a legal and artificial capacity to one or
more person", distinct from the natural; for it n unquestionably
incident to sovereign power to erect corporations, and, conse-
quently, to that of the United States in relation to the objit-ts
entrusted to the management of the Government."
No one can fail to parceive ihat the opinion of
Mr. Jefferson is equally explicit, and precisely the
reverse, denying, in every respect, the premises and
conclusiors of the Secretary of the Treasury. He
says: "I consider the foundation of the Constitu-
tion as laid on this ground, that all powers not de-
legated to the United States by the Constitution,
nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to
the States or the people. To take a single step be-
yond the boundaries thus specially drawn around
the powers of Congress is to take possession of a
boundless field of power no longer susceptible of
any definition. The incorporation of a bank and
other powers assumed by this bill, have not, in my
opinion, been delegated to the United States by the
Constitution,
"I. They are not among the powers specially
enumerated.
"II. Nor are they withis either of the general
hrases, which are ihe two following:
"1. To lay taxes toprorlde for the general wel-
fare of the United States; that is to say, to lay
taxe* for the purpose of providing for the general
welfare; for ihe laying of taxes «[the power, and the
general welfare the purpose for which the power is
to be exercised. They are  ot to lay taxes adiioi-
tum for any purpose they please, but only to pay
the debts or provide for the welfare of the Union.
"2. The second general phrase is to make alllaws
necessary and proper for carrying into execution
the enumerated powers. But they can all be car-
ried into execution without a bank. A bank there-
fore is not necessary, and consequently not autho-
rized by this phrase."
To avoid being tedióos, I must pass rapidly
over the period that immediately followed the esta-
blishment of a National Bank. Suffice it to say,
in the language of the historian of Washington,
that "this measure made a deep impression on
many members oí the Legislature, and contributed
not inconsiderably to the complete organization of
those distinct and visible parties which, in their
long and dubious conflict for power, have since
.«haken the United States to their centre. It has
seemed to me proper to draw public attention to
the source of party division; as,   «f  ""°f
this debate, both sides have claimed to be Republi-
cans, and all seem anxious to cast off the name of
Federalist; and as names are subject to change at
