April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47S
26th Cong......1st Sbss.
appropriation Bill—Mr. Clifford.
H. of Reps.
"Unless the present disposition of the British admiralty
courts and navy officers can be counteracted and removed, a
widely dispersed and unprotected commerce, extendingto every
region of the globe, will only serve to invite depredation, to
bankrupt ourselves and enrich others, until such commerce be
swept from the face of the ocean."                  ...              i
They further state, "That a tacit submission to
pretensions thus lofty, would be aa abandonment
of rights openly recognised,  and a derelicticn of ;
the most important commercial interests of this  \
country."   And they ad¿: "Reason, and the most
powerful considerations of  equity, enjoin it as a
duty on the United States, to oppose these pretpn-
sions."   And fiat "These pretensions are unsound
in point of principle, offensive in practice, and nu-
gatory in effect." They charge the British Govern-
ment with "preying upon the  unprotected pro-
perty of a friendly power;" and call upon the Ad-
ministration   "promptly to adopt such measures
as might disembarrass our commerce, assert our
rights, and support the dignity of   the  United
States."
The Newburyport memorial alleges that—
"In many cases our vessels and cargoes have been captured,
tried, and condemned, under unusual and alarming pretenses,
which, if permitted to continue, threaten the ruin of our com-
mercial interests.   So far from ohtainmg redress of our griev-
ances by the ordinary modes and processes of law, we have in
most cases been subject to heavy costs, and suffered embrrass-
ing and distressing detention of property, even when no pre-
tence could be found to authorize the seizure of it.   Having
sustained these losses and injuries in the prosecution of our law-
ful commerce, and in the exercise of our just rights, we rely
with confidence on the wisdom, firmness, and justice of our Go-
vernment, to obtain for us'that protection which a regard to the
honor of our country, rio less than the rights of our citizens, must
dictate and require."
The Salem memorial is even more explicit:
" These obstructions are of a very serious nature.   When
eaercised in the mildest form, they produce oppressive searches
and delays; expensive litigation, and often a total failure of an
otherwise lucrative voyage "
They speak of the British policy,
"As letting loose the passions to prey on the miseries and
plunder the property of the innocent. It would subject neu-
trals to hazards nearly as perilous as those of actual hostilities;
and independent of its influence in stimulating to revenge and
retaliation, it would transler the benefits of peace to any victori-
ous usurper of the ocean. Your memorialists wish to take no
part in the contests which now convulse the world; but, acting
with impartiality towards all nations, to reap the fruits of a just
neutrality. If, however, conciliation cannot effect the purpose
of justice, and an appeal to arms be the last and necessary pro-
tection of honor, they feel no disposition to decline the common
danger, or shrink from the commotf contribution. Relying on
the wisdom and firmness of the General Government in this be-
half, they feel no hesitation to pledge their lives and properties
in support of the measures which may be adopted to vindicate
the public rights and redress the public wrongs."
Similar memorials emanated from New York,
Philadelphia, and Baltimore, and from almost eve-
ry commercial city in ihe Union. The uniform
tenrr of the public press was in strict accordance
with the prayers of these petitions. Pre's after
pre-s called upon the Government to redress the
grievances of which the merchants, without dis-
tinction of party, complained, and in the most
solemn manner, and in repeated instances, plighted
th  ir faith to the support of any measures to ac-
complish the object. On the 23d of June, 1807, the
wanton attack was made on the Chesapeake by the
Leopard, in consequence of the refusal of Commo-
dore Barron to submit to the claimed right of
search, and to deliver up four sailors on board the
former, in pursuance of the iniquitous demand of
the British officer. This raised the excitement to
the highest pitch of indignation. All parties alike,
the Federalists as much as the Democrats, cla-
mored for reparation, with ju«t abhorrence, of the
insult offered to our national flag.
The excitement was so great it was deemed im-
politic and unwise to convene Congress until suffi-
cient  itne had elapsed for reflec'ion, and for the
resentments of the public mind to subside. In the
mean lime, to quiet the a'arm which very generally
prevailed, and to pro'ect the interests and honor of
the country from a repeti'ion of such flagrant pro-
ceedings within our own jurisdiction, the President
issued the proclamation of the second of July, for-
bidding British vessels of war in certain cases and
under certain limitations to enter or remain in the
pons or harbors ot the United States. This was
a mere preeau'ionary step to guard against similar
outrages u-ail Congress could be convened. The
whole subjei t of our relations with Great Britain
was submitted to Congress at the extra session, on
the 26th of October following; the embargo became
a law on .the 22d of December, 1807. No man
dare risk his veracity, or his intelligence, by af-
firming that this measure was not adopted to meet
the complaints of th« Federal merchants, and to
prepare the  way for a redress of their grievances
so vividly set forth in their memorials.    It now be-
comes necessary to inquire how far these patriotic
citizens, who have so much regard for the military
reputation of their candidate for the Presidency,
lived up t  their professions—how far they re-
deemed their hollow and deceptive pledges to the
country and the world, and with what sincerity they
staked their lives and property in support of the mea-
sures which should be adopted to vindicate the pub-
lic rights and redress the public wrongs. The truth
is, they fulfilled no one of them, and never designed
to do so when they were made.    It was all a sham
and pretence of patriotism which they never felt, '.
and was put forth for the purpose of deceiving the
people, and aiding their party to power and place,
at the expense of the real friends of the country. ■
It was a part of that system which has fastened
upon them the name of "the war party in peace,
and the peace party in war."   One  f the best in-
formed writers of that day remarks that "the clear,
indisputable, and melancholy fact is, that, after
having impelled and goaded the Government into
measures to procure redress, they not merely with-
held their support from those nwasures, but actu-
ally, as far as depended on them, prevented their
success."   After they had formally resolved "that
the suffering armed vessels to station themselves
off  our   harbors,   and   there   to   stop,   search
and capture our vessels—to impress, wound, and
murder our citizens—is a gross and criminal ne-
glect of the highest duties of Government, and that
an administration that patiently permits the same
h not entitled to the confidence of the people"—
when that Administration, in the mildest mannei
possible, attempted  to seek  redress of the very
wrongs which they had so feelingly portrayed, the
leaders of the Federal party, in spite of their boast-
ed patriotism, turned round and denounced the Ad-
ministration which they had just before reproached
for its supineness, and, in the violence of their op-
position, actually coalesced with the common foe,
to defeat and paralyze every effort to redress the
very grievances of which  they had complained.
But it is my principal object, as already stated, to
prove what I allege; for which purpose, I shall be
obliged to read sundry extracts from ihe leading
newspapers of that penod,  which seem to me to
afford strong evidence of the motives and designs
of the Federal party, especially of its leaders; and
also to refer to sundty letters and proceedings
which appear to be equally corroborative of the
same points.
"Every man will presume that he is not bound to regard it
(the embargo,) but may send his produce or his merchandise
to a foreign market in the same manner as if the Government
had not undertaken to prohibit it."—Boston Centinel.
'Weknow if the embargo be not removed, our citizens will,
ere long, set its penalties and restrictions at defiance. It be-
hooves us to speak; for strike we must, if speaking does not an-
swer."-• Boston Repertory.
"It is better to suffer the amputation of alimb than to lose the
whole body. We must prepare for the operation. Wherefore,
then, is New England asleep! Wherefore does she submit to the
oppression of enemies in the South? Have we no Moses, who is
inspired by the God of our fathers, and will lead us out of the
land of Egypt."—Boston Gazette.
"This perpetual embargo being unconstitutional, every man
will perceive that he is not bound to regard it. If the petitions
do not produce a relaxation, the people ouglil immediately to
assume a higher tone. The Government of Massachusetts has
also a duty to perform. This State is still sovereign and inde
pendent."—Boston Centinel.
"In my mind, the present crisis excites the most serious ap-
prehension. A storm seem  to be gathering, which portends,
not a tempest on the ocean, but domestic convulsions. I feel
myself bound in conscience to declare, lest the blood of tnose
who should fall in the execution of this m asure (the embargo)
may lie on my head, that I consider this to be an act which di-
rects a mortal blow at the liberties of my country; an act con-
taining unconstitutional provisions to which the people are not
bound to submit, and to which, in my opinion, they will not sub-
mit."—Speech of Mr Hillhouse.
This subject might be pursued much further; hut
the lateness oí the hoar admonishes me of the ne-
cessity of brevity. But I cannot forbear to give one
more extract, to show the aim and object of all
this clamor and complaint, without even proposing
any substitute. It is characteristic of Federal po-
licy to find fault with every thing, and propose no-
thing:
"The original embargo act had been openly and frequently
violated. The public prints in Boston had audaciously and se-
ditiously invited the citizens to set it at defiance. The British
Government had also, as we have seen, added the allurement
of its powerful invitation. Such an invitation was unneces-
sary. There are always to be found, in every community, men
who will seek the shortest road to fortune, whether through the
dark paths of smuggling or otherwise; and these men united
their obstreperous brawlmgs with the clamor raised by those
whose grand object was to harass the Government for tko
«hance of regaining the power they had lost."—M. Carey.
This shows in very admirable colors the commu-
nity of interest which then existed between the
office seeker and the speculator, and evinces the ve-
nality of motive which governed their actions, and
prompted their efforts to overihow the Gjvern-
ment of the people. One more reference on this
point, and I hsve done:
"You have reposed confidence in a coward [Jefferson] and
leaned on a broken staff too long. The day of political proba-
tion is fast verging to a close, when the fate of America will be
decided, and laurels, bought with the price of freemen's blood,
will grace the brows of the Gallic tyrant. Let every man who
holds the name of America dear to him, stretch out his hand
and putthisaccursedtlung [the embarco] forever from him. Be
resoi ute—act like the sons of liberty, of God, and your country—
nerve your arms with vengeance against the despot who would
wrest the inestimable germ of your independence from you, and
you shall be conquerors. Give ear no longer to the syren
song of Democracy and Jeffersonian liberty; it is a cursed delu-
sion, adopted by traitors and recommended by sycophants.
Jefferson, the man who, with the dagger of popular confidence,
first gave the stroke to your libert.es."—Newburybort Cir-
cular.
It was during the period of these publications
that the leaders of the Federal party in New-
England are believed to have plotted the dissolu-
tion of the Union, and ihe establishment of a
Northern confederacy upon its ruins. The excite-
ment was carried to the utmost pitch of exaspera-
tion. The press teemed wiih calumny and
falsehood levelled at the President and his admi-
nistration, the principal object of which was to
prove a secret alliance with France, in her at-
tempts to prostrate the power and influence of the
British crown.
After the labored defence of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, I hope I may be excused for de-
taining the committee for a few minutes, while I
exhibit some of the proofs which have induced the
opinion which he seems to think is so uncharitable.
It is not necessary for me to remark that I have no
other knowledge upon the subject, except what is
available to all who will take the trouble to ex-
amine it. In the first place, I will refer to the mis-
sion of John Henry:
Mr. Ryland, Secretary to Sir James Craig, late Governor
General of the British Provinces in North America, to
Mr. Henry.
(Must secret and confidential.)
"Quebec, Jan. 26,1809.
"Sir Deas Sik: Tlie extraordinary state of th'ngs at this
time in the Eastern SLa'es has euííested to the Governor in
Chief the idea of employing you on a secret and confidential
mission to Boston, provided an arrangement can be made to
meet the important end in view, without throwing an absolute
obstacle in the way of your professional pursuits. The infor-
mation and political observations heretofore received from you,
were transmuted by his Excellency to the Secretary of State,
who has expressed his particular approbation of them," &c.
From the instructions of J. H. Craig to Mr. Henry.
("Most secret and confidential.)
"tlDBBEC, 6th February, 1808.
"The principal object thatl recommend to your attention is
the endeavor to obtain the most accurate information of the
true state of affairs in that pan of the Union which, from its
wealth, the number of its inhabitants, and the known intelli-
gence of several of its leading men, must naturally possess a
very considerable influence over, ami will indeed probably lead
the other Eastern Slates of America in the pa.t they may take
at this importantcrisis. I think it necessary to putyou on your
guard against the sanguineness of an aspiring party. The Fe-
deralists, as I understand, have at all times discovered a leaning
to this disposition, and their being under its particular influence
at this moment, is the more tobe expected from their haviog
no ill (well) founded ground for their hopes, of being nearer the
attainment of their otject, than they have been forsome years
past. It has been supposed that if the Federalists of the Eastern
States should he successful in obtaining that decided influence
which may enable them to direct public opinion, it is not im-
probable that, rather than submit to the continuance of the diffi-
culties and distress to which they are now subject, they will ex-
ert that influence to bring about a separation from the eeneral
Union. The earliest information on this subject may be ot
great consequence to our Government, as it may also be that
it should be informed how far, in such an event, they would
lookte England for assstiance, or be disposed to enter into a
connection with us."
Credential from Sir James Craig to Mr. Henry.
"The bearer, Sir. John Henry, is employed by me, and full
confidence may be placed in him for any communication w.n'^J?
any person may wish to make to me in the business committed
to him. In faith of which, I have given hiin this ™}¿et m^
hand and seal at Quebec, the 6th day of February, ISO .
"J. H. CRAIG."
In pursuance of this commission, Mr. Henry
proceeded to Ihe Eastern States, in prosecution of
the design, which very clearly appears from the
cautious and stealthy language of his letter ot in-
structions. The following are extracts from hi 
correspondence, which evinces.beyond controver-
sy, the brilliant hope? he entertained of success
and the accuracy ol his information as to the tem-
per and disposition of parties m this country:
