April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
475
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr, Clifford.
H. of Reps.
misdeeds, wuhoat any chanse of their cherished
principles. Party organizat.nn .was abandoned,
and of course theantmo^y ot feeling which had
long prevaiiel, subsided These "no party times,"
as they have been calle I, continued, at lea-tin
New England, until >h° elfcttt.n ot John &. Adams
by the House of Represent niv-s. The events
which led to that te^u t are tami'iar to all, and
need not be recap,tu and. Admi', if you p'ease,
for it is true, that Mr. Adam^ was supported by
many of th* old Repoblicars; and it is equa'ly true
that the borty of the Federal party, aroused fon
their lethargv, ral'ied to his Mipport. Shonly
after his e'ecmn, the declaration was made, with
some appearance of authority, that those who fell
with the fir.t Adams shou d rise with the second;
and theeouise of his administration, was supposed
to furnish ground for such belief. Tne old party
feeling was aroused to a very high degree of ex-
citement at the ensuing Presidential election; the
mass of the Democratic party were embodied again
under the banner of Jeffersonian principles, in op-
position te an Admin.stration which commanded
the confidence and respect of the tariff and bank
party in every quarter of the Union. It is impos-
sible for me, at this time, to speak of the benefi-
cial change in the administration of public affairs
that was introduced by General Jackson. It is re-
corded in the grateful remembrance of the people,
and constitutes one of the brightest and most en-
daring pages in the history of the country.
Tae calumnies and falsehoods that were heaped
upon that distinguished individual, by the old op-
posers of Jefferson, have gone to the "tomb of the
Capulets," and it only remains to complete the
parallel, after he shall have been consigned to the
grave, for his enemies to pronounce his eulogy.
Professions of economy are becoming very fash-
ionable, and a most deliberate attempt is made to
fasten upon the present Administration the charge
of extravagance in the expenditure of the public mo-
ney. Let no one accuse me of undervaluing any
just system of economy; on the contrary, I hold it
to be indispensable, in a Republican form of Go-
vernment, to secure it from corruption, and all the
evil tendencies of monarchial institutions. But
the appropriate inquiry is, who are the friends of
economy, and whose principles, if adopted, will
lead to extravagance? I will give one fact to illus-
trate my views on this subject, after remarking
that the only security against improvident expen-
diture, is to raise no more money from the pock-
ets of the people, than is necessary to meet the
obligations of the country upon the strictest princi-
ples of frugality. If taxes are levied and collected,
the money will be expended; and, indeed, there
seems to be a necessity that it should be, for no one
will pretsnd that it would be just or wise to hoard
up the currency, or shut it out of circulation.
Hence the impolicy of a high tariff; for, if money
is collected it must be expended, and this engen-
ders extravagance, and tends to corruption. The
fact to which I wish to call your attention, is the
veto of the Maysville road bill.
It has been said very justly, I believe, that, at
roe time when that measure was arrested by the
moral courage of General Jackson, unconsti-
tutional appropriations were contemplated to the
vast amount of cne hundred millions of dollars, by
the advocates of the «ystem of which that bill was
the germv Some of the friends of the President
wtre alarmed when they learned his intention to
V3to it, and even we&t so far as to desire him to
yield to the wishes of a maj nty of Congres?. The
result is known. The Democratic party sustained
him with increased vigor; and, though a few deten-
ed, the mass remained firm. This was a specimen
of economy worth talking about, the i> flupnee of
which will be felt, it is to be hoped, through all
coming time. One would think that the advocates
oí this system of wasteful and unconstitutional ex-
penditure would be retrained, by a sense of de ica-
cy, from making char .'es of extravagance against
those whom they have uniformly derilfd as the op
holders of a niggardly policy of retr nchment. It
is not denied, mat, f.r a time, many hone t Demo-
crats were found in opposition to that Administra-
tion, through a feeling of distrust of the fitness or
prudence of the incumbent, which had been engen-
deted by the violence and wickedness cf his op-
po-eis. and by ttie wide-spreai calumnies which
had been circulated fc<- th¿ puipose of blackening
h s character and blasting bio reputation—a lepu-
tat on which had been r arm d in the fie.d of danger,
tnioush toil and peril, in iefence of ihe hon'>r and
s. lory of his country. B<it as fie po'r-y of his Ad-
mim tration wa^dt veloped, these i'l-around^d fears
were dissipated in the civ ering exhibitioi.s of wi^-
d >m, patriotism, and sound hepublic*n ptincp'es,
which chaiactf-nz J his com se, and furnished
the most giatifymg assurance of that devotion to
principle which so signally marked his public ca-
reer. At his second election, the whole Demo-
cratic party in New England, with the exception
of a few individuals, who became traitors to their
own principles, were united, and gave to the hero
of New Orleans a generous and hearty support.
No one can oppose to this declaration a successful
denial. Each party rallied under the respective
banners of their long cherished principles, and en-
tered into the contest with spirit and determination.
With very few exceptions, ihe Federalists gave
their support to Mr. Adams. It is a veiy common
saying, that "one swallow does not make summer,"
or, as the legal maxim has it, that "a single in-
stance docs not make law:" so, the party associa-
tion of a few individuals, after the lapse of many
years, does not afford any evidence of the princi-
ples of the party with which they happen to be
classed, with reference to a previous organization,
or the posttion of the masses of which that organi-
zation was composed. I am willing to admit that
a few Democrats remained in opposition, and that,
generally speaking, they maintain, to this day, like
all traitors, that every body has changed his prin-
ciples and position, except themselves; that, while
they have stood firm and inflexible, each of the two
great political parties of the country has changed
sides—that is, the Federalists have become Demo-
crats, for their particular accommodation, and the
Democrats have abandoned their cherished prin-
ciples and joined their enemies, although, if the
story be true, there was scarcely any one left for
them to oin.
On the other hand, I am not disposed to deny
that a small portion of the Federal party supported
the election of General Jackson, most of whom
have deserted and gore back to their old asso-
ciates; and, without meaning any disrespect to in-
dividuals, it is my sincere desire that they may ne-
ver return to make further trouble in the Demo-
cratic rank*. Those that remain, are believed to
be sincere, in the change of principles which they
profess. Generally speaking, they acknowledge
their past errors, and avow their change of princi-
ple and position. This I believe to be the true
state of the case. I can speak with the utmost
confidence, when 1 siy that witViin the limit of my
own acquaintance, it is an undeniable fact, that
the mass of the old Republicans then living, were
the warm and zealous supporters of the second
election of President Jack>on, and continued
throughout to approve of the principles and mea-
sures of hii administration; the distinctive features
of which were a strict construction of the Consti-
tution, opposition to a National Bank,  he reduction
of the.tariff and the receipts of the Treasury, as
far as possible without injury to the great interests
of the country, to the wants of the Government
upon the strictest principles of accountability and
economy, and an undeviating hostility to unconsti-
tutional appropriations upon local objects of im-
provement. That the Federal party opposed this
Administration, i's principles and policy, with un-
relenting and uncompromising hostility, is suscepti-
ble of the clearest demonstration, if the fact does not
s'and confessed All the old Federal presses, includ-
ing the Boston Cer.tmel, teemed with abuse and
misrepresentation of the same reckless character
as had marked their opposition to Jefferson and
Madison. But proof on this point would be a
work of supererogation, and therefore I will desist.
M/confiltnc? in the intelligence of the people,
induces me to believe that they cannot bs derived
in this matter, relating, as it does, to event* which
are fresh in their recollection. If these things be
so, an inference will follow, when one other fact is
established, about which I imagine there is still less
dispute, of great importance in the inquiry which I
am pursuing. The additional fact that I wish to
establish, I presume no one will (eny, and there-
fore does not require projf, but may be fa rly as-
sumed; and it is, that the supporters, principles,
and policy, ot the present Administration, are
identical wi h the one thu preceded it. It may be
said hat it is in contemp aiion to substitute the In-
dep ndent Treasury system for the collection, safe
keeping, and d sbursement of the public money,
in the place of the Stale banks; but this does not
affb'd the distinción required. The State banks
nee selected as an experiment. It has signally
failed, through the misconduct and bad faith of the
banks themselves; and it is well known, that, after
the suspention of specie payments in 1837, and
the refusal of the banns to pay over nearly thirty
millions of the public money, which had be«n col-
lected from the peop'e, and deposited with the
banks for safe keeping, General Jackson, no less
than Mr. Van Buren, became satisfied that no
further confidence could be reposed in them as de-
positories of the public treasure, and both alike ap-
proved of the new recommendation ihat was made,
and which, I trust, before this session terminates,
will become the law ot the land. One accusation of
the Opposition is, therefore, fully sustained, and
will be cheerfully admitted, that Mr. Van Buren
is "treading in the footsteps of his illustrious pre-
decessor." I hope gentlemen will not back out of
Ais charge, because it may be convenient to do so
to avoid the consequences of an issue they
wish to escape. Will any one undertake
to deny that the principles and measures of
the two Administrations are the same in all
the essential elements of national policy? Surely
no one will attempt it; and that their sup-
porters are the same in New England, with indi-
vidual exceptions, I appeal to every city, district,
and village in that section of country, for the con-
firmation of what I affirm; and I am willing to
stand or fall before my constituents, upon the truth
of the fact which I have now stated, confining i's
application, of course, to the limits of my acquaint-
ance, which is not very limited, ia two or three
of those States. Every member of the Hartford
Convention now living, is opposed to this Adminis-
tration. The talented and distinguished committee
that addressed Mr. Adams, and called upon him
for the evidence to sustain the charge he had
made against themselves, or their associates,
who were "dispersed throughout Massachusetts
and Maine," at least so many of them as are
now living, are members of the Whig party;
and the Boston Centinel, and other old Fe-
deral journals, constitute the leading organs
of that party in the unparalleled and unheard of
s-trugg'e to overthrow the present Democratic Ad-
ministration; and if all these things be so, it re-
mains for the people to determine, as they surely
will, who are the followers of Jefferson, and who
are Federalists. The princ pies of parties at the
present time will now be considered with a little
more particularity, but with as much brevity as
possible. It has already appeared, that, throughout
the period of party organization, they have been
separated Dy an impassable gulf in their views and
feelings, rpon the construction of the Constitution.
In the progress of events, other questions, tempora-
ry in their nature, have largely contributed to the
btttfrness and acrimony oí party strife, which at
times has threatened the existence of the Union
i'self; but as these temporary cau=es ef irritation
pass away, parties are seen to s ttle down upon the
standaid of principle, upon which the division
first took place. Such is ihe case at the. present
time, in spite of fill the efforts in certain quarters
to conceal it. The present coa.est is one for prin-
ciple, and its dividing line is bottomed upon the
construction of the Constitution as leading to dif-
ferent measures of policy in the administration of
public affairs. Of the many essential grounds of
division between partifs under he ex s ing organi-
zition, I shall only be able to sp«ak <>f sow; of
those which have atirac'ed the Ia-jr- st share of pub-
lic attention under prectd ng Administrations. This
Administration, and the party supporting it are
opposed to a National Bank, believing it to be both
unconstitutional and inexpedient.
