480
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
26th ConO"« 1st Skss
appropriation Bill—Mr. Jones.
Senate.
tion, I have once more obtruded on the attention of
the committee.
To simplify my explanation, I shall institute a
fair comparison between the expenditures of 1826,
the second year of Mr. Adams's administration, and
1838, the second year of the administration of Mr.
Van Bureo. In the comparison, I not only mani-
fest perfect fairness towards my opponents, but
yield them every advantage they can desire.
The gross amount of all expenditures for 1838,
was            -           -           -           $39,455,433 35
For all the expenditures in  1826,
there were required only    -         24,103,399 46
When one sum is deducted from the
other, a balance is left against
1838 of
The one amount subtracted from
the other,   will leave an   excess
against the latter   year, of               5,435,361 92
This last sum, added to the excess
of expenditure given above, of     15,352,038 89
Will form a gross amount ia 1838
over  1826 of                               20,787,400 81
This exce. s, though great, I am prepared to show
rannot make geoi the charge of extravagance;
and if my colleague will take the trouble to deduct
the sums expended for objects extraordinary and
indispensable, during the administration of Mr.
Van Buren, but not required under that of Mr.
Adams, he will discover, however, reluctantly, the
amount of disbursements in the two years, to vary
bat slightly.
In the >ear 1838, the amount expended for pay
of the army, subsistence of officers, subsistence
«ltd forage, was      -      -      -     $2,559,758 08
In 1826, the second year of ihe ad-
ministration of Mr. Adam*, the
amount expended for the same ob-
jects was only
- 15,352,038 89
[Mr. Wise inquired whether the gross
amount referred to during the administration of
Mr. Adams, did not include ten millions of public
debt]
Mr. Jones. If my c lleague will endeavor to
put a slight curb on his impatience, he shall soon
be satisfied on this, as well as on other points,
against which his objections have been directed. I
am unwilling to desert the order of explanation
which I pioposed for myself when I rose; but to
indulge him in all his requisitions, I inform him
that, while it is true, that more than ten millions of
the gross expenditures of 1826 were for payments
on account of ihe public debt, it is also true, that
more than five millions were expended during this
year of the administration of Mr. Van Buren for
tne same object.
[Mr. Wise.   Strike both s'jms out.]
Mr. Jones. As the omission of both sums
might be supposed to furnish me an advan-
tage in the argument, my colleague will per-
mit me to concede to him the benefit of retaining
them. I have nothing to withhold, nothing to con-
ceal. My conclusions have been reached through
an honest and assiduous investigation. The in-
ference?, which I have hone&tly made, I intend
-•frankly to state. Where all is upright,concealment
and subterfuge, if under any circumstances I could
be induced to resort to them, are unnecessary. I do
not design to ask the attention of the committee to
an elaborate display of minute numeiical state-
ments: in a speech such details must be tedious,
uninteresting, and unintelligible. I shall select for
comment, trom the gross expenditures, the largest
and most striking items. These, without the men-
tion of small sums, will be sufficient for illustra-
tion and proof. But in presenting my comparison,
as I have already said, I wish to make every con-
cession, to yield every advantage; and, therefore,
instead of complying with the suggestion of my
colleague, to strike out the amounts required for
payments on account of the public debt, I shall, in
accordance with my ideas of perfect fairness and
liberality, include them in my comparison of the
expenditures of the two years, in which my com-
ments are intended !o be made.
The payments on accounts of the
public debt in 1826, were            $11,041,082 19
For the tame object in 1838,              5,607,720 27
$1,307,759 34
Leaving an excess against 1838 of   $1,251,998 74
Here is a great augmentation of expenditure in
this branch of the public service. But the whole
amount was applied to the support of the arm v.
The increase of the army was not the offspring
or the Administration only: it was a measure sus-
tained by both parties, deemed unimportant by both
sides of the House. It was not a project of the
Executive ana its friends alone, but received the
cordial and zealous support of many of their op-
ponents. If there existed a necessity for the in-
crease of the army, if even in the conception of the
party adverse to the Administration, the increase
on account of peculiar circumstances was judged
indispensable, surely the friends of the measure
cannot, in fairness, throw the culpability of an ex-
penditure which they advocated on the Adminis-
tration. If, ia this instance, there be faulty ex-
travagance, the Administration can boast as part-
ners in its guilt many of those who now con-
demn it.
[Mr. Wise, I never voted for the increase of
the standing army, but this Administration recom
mended it, and this is one of the very sins with
which I charge it. I charge it not only with its
extravagance, but with its increase of the stand-
ing army.]
Mr. Jones, I wish to do injustice to no one—
certainly not to my colleague; but if he was op-
posed to that measure, he should recollect that I
voted against it also; and while he and I accorded
in our sentiments on this subject, many of his
friends voted for an enlargement of the military
force. They, and those who voted with them,
deemed such an increase indispensable, on account
of our having a more extended frontier to protect,
made necessary by the removal of the Indians,
the existence of Indian hostilities, and for the
requisite garrisons for the fortifications on our ex-
tended seaboard. But if the army had not
been increased, there is still sufficient reason ta jus-
tify enhanced expenditure for its support in one
year beyond what may have been required in ano-
ther. The cost of provisions, of clothing, of trans-
portation, of camp equipage, is not always the
same; and variation in the price of these and other
articles required for ihe army must justify a corre-
spondent variation in the total expenditure neces-
sary for its maintenance. The cost of subsistence,
&c. in 1838, exceeded the same item in 1826 by
the sum of $571,282.
Supposing that I have furnished my colleague—
or, at all events, some of his friends—with a suffi-
cient reason for subtracting the sum I have men-
tioned from the amount of alleged extravagance, I
will now proceed to the examination oí another
item:
In 1838, the expenditures for fortifications, ar-
maments, repairs, ordnance department, cannon,
shot, and powder, were     -           - $1,123,162 85
In 1826, ihe expenditures for the
same objects were          -           -      835,121 07
An excess in 1838 over 1826 of
288,041 78
To justify the increase in the cost of ordnance,
&c. I need but mention a fact which none will dis-
pute, that, since the year 1826, there has been a ne-
cessary addition tc*the naval force actually in ser-
vice, and, to say nothing of the additional supply
of ordnance required for fortifications, my col-
league, with all his zeal of opposition, cannot maki
the same assertion with respect to this branch of
the service, that he just now ventured in regard to
the army. He has always manifested a disposition
to put no restrictions on his liberality when the
prosperity of the navy has been involved.
[Mr. Wise. I hope my colleague will permit
me to interrupt him once mare. If I had my way,
I would vote twenty-five millions per annum for
the navy, instead of five. But I ask my colleague,
while the expenses of the naval establishment have
increased, have we a larger force oa the ocean?  I
u
ask him to tell his constituents and mine
what force we have in the Pacific, what
on the West IncMa station, on the Mediterra-
nean station. If I am wrong—and would t iat I
were—let gentlemen contradict me. We have one,
and only one, vessel that u respectable. In the
face of a threatened war, at this moment, while
Great Britain has battery upon battery frowning
down upen any vessel that bears the stars and
stripes—while she has hundreds of ships on that
station, you have but a solitary ship to meet the
power of Great Britain. And still the gentleman
tells us there is an increase. I say that the navy
department is in a worse condition than it was five
years aeo.]
Mr Jones My colleague has finished his epi-
sode; I am aware it.cannot be made to harmonize
with my work. It is obvious to ihe committee that
while his spirit of opposition is so indiscriminate
and uncompromising, it is scarcely possible that
our views can be made to accord. I ask not for
liberality, but for sheer justice; he extends to me
neither. If there be a measure for which he will
not vote, and it increases the annual appropria-
tions, it is denounced by him as reckless extrava-
gance; but if there be one which he approves, in-
creasing the expenditure not five millions, but
twenty-five millions per annum, we are condemn-
ed with the same equitable consistency, because we
shrink from giving our concurrence to his schemes
of thoughtless prodigality.
[Mr. Wisb did not complain. He said that the
Administration had not spent tweniy-five millions,
but that it had spent less than five or six millions.
He complained, that with an excess over the
amount expended in Mr. Adams's administration,
the party in power had nothing to show for the in-
crease, and ttiat the navy was in a worse condition
than it was then, His colleague would certainly
excuse the interruption, when he caled to mind
the fact, that in setting out, he (Mr. J.) said, he
would show item by item that the increase of ex-
denditure would be justified by objects which all
would admit to be necessary and proper. He (Mr.
W.) would admit that the uavy is a proper object
of expenditure; but the question was, what was
there to show for the navy, from what had been
spent?]
Mr. Jonfs. I make no objections to any expla-
nations or interrogatories which my colleague may
choose to make. A reply to such interruptions is
a courtesy waich usage has established, and which
1 am willing to extend to him cr to any other. I
have bat to complain that his brief explanations are
too fi equently expanded into protracted speeches.He
wishes he may be in error when he asserts that there
is but one respecable vessel in the Mediterranean. I
think I can relieve his apprehensions on that score.
We have in that sea not only a ship of the line,
but also a frigate of the first class, and a corvette;
three respectable ships, constituting a force, found
amply sufficient in time of peace to protect our
commerce, and to fulfil all the purposes for which
cruizers are wanted. Nor is he less in error,
when he asserts that our naval force can boast of
no improvement since the Administration of Mr.
Adams. On the contrary, it has been greatly aug-
mented. For since that period there have been
launched one ship of the line, and two frigates, be-
sides seventeen vessels of inferisr classes.
But, Mr. Chairman, being unwilling to consume
too much time in incidental remarks, I will di-
gress no farther, but continue my analysis. When
I said I could demonstrate, by a fair comparison,
that the expenditures of 1838, vary but little from
those of 1826,1 did not make the assertion with
any confident anticipation that I should be able to
subdue the fixed opposition of my colleague. He
is not easily susceptible of change. Pride of opi-
nion, and respect for appearances, raise impregna-
ble barriers in the way of open admission of error.
But 1 trust that others will not ce disposed to dis-
regard the strong language of facts.
In the year 1838, the whole amount expended for
the War Department, including annuities and
disbursements on Indian account, except the
charges for the Creek and Seminole wars,
was     -           -           -           -   $5,564,323 75
1826, the expenditure for the
