April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
26th Cono*•••1st Sbss.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Jones.
H. of Reps
War Department, Indian annui-
ties, and treaties with the Indian
tribes, was                                    753,247 54
Being an excess  in 1838,  over
1826, of           -          -          -#4,610,976 21
An immense difference between the two Admi-
nistrations is perceptible in this single item. The
excess forms a large deduction to be made from ihe
sum of alleged extravagance. These five millions
of dollars have been indispensably required for the
purpose of concluding Indian treaties, for remov-
ing Indians beyond our territorial limits, and for
extinguishing Indian titles within the States. These
measures received general sanction, and I présame
it is a policy which no party would now be dis-
posed to change.
We have succeeded in removing from our bor-
ders hordes of restless and ruthless savages,secured
peace and quiet to the inhabitants of those States
from which they have been removed, and acquired
the possession of immense tracts of valuable land.
The policy was approved by our opponents; but
the expense necessary to be incurred, in order to
carry it out, is denounced in unmeasured terms.
If the disbursement! in 1838 were extravagant,
they were the effect of the policy to which refer-
ence has just been made. The cause should be
blamed, not the effect; the law is in fault, not the
expenditure. You vote willingly for a bill which
all know mast lead to vast expenditures of money,
and condemn as extravagant the very expen-
ditures which you yourselves have authorized.
But there are still further expenditures, in which
the Government has been involved by the attempt
to remove the savage aborigines from our territo-
ry. We have been forced into a war by the phi-
lanthropy which prompted the dissociation of the
Indians from the whiles. The consequence was,
that the amount required in 1838 for preventing and
suppressing Indian hostilities was $3,804,359 20,
while, in 1826, there was no requisition on the
Treasury for any such object; not a dollar was
then wanted for such a purpose. But, had such
an expenditure then been necessary, is there aay
man of any party who would have refused tu draw
the last dollar from the Treasury, if he could by
such txtravagtmet have saved but one woman or
one child from the butchery of the savage? And
yet the present Administration has been the object
of no measured vituperation, because it has been
obliged to appropriate, for the protection of our
women and children, large sums not called for un-
der the administration of Mr. Adams, when there
existed no Indian war within our borders. Were
the millions expended during the late war in de-
fence of our honor, and to protect our soil from
foreign invasion, an extravagance of the Adminis-
tration? Was tbe debt enailed upon us by that
struggle an extravagance? If so, the hundred
millions of debt which have since been paid, must,
I présame, be also denominated extravagance. Í
I know that war was by many thought wrong—I
know that many deemed it irreligious and immoral
to ¡rejoice for victories achieved by our brave
troops over the common enemy of our country—
bat I ais  know my colleague is not to be ranked
among such zealots in opposition to that war.
[Mr. Wise. I was always a Democrat.]
Mr. Jones. I know he was a good Democrat
when be was elected to his present dignified sta-
tion.
[Mr. Wise.   I am a better one now.]
Mr. Jones.   My colleague was elected as an op-
ponent of Mr. Adams.   He came into office, if I
do not mistake, on the shoulders of General Jack-
son; he was then a good Democrat.
[Mr. Wise said he had always (God forgive
him) gone with his colleague in support of General
Jackson; but he [Mr. W] never came here on the
shoulders of General Jackson; on his own indepen-
dent character be came here, indedendent of the
power «r the influence of General Jackson. The
very first session he was undeceived as to his
principles; he [Mr. W.] saw that neither General
Jackson nor his party belonged to the Democracy
at all. He stood where he was, on his Democratic
ground; they had left him, he had pursued an inde-
SX
pendent course, and had   never  for  a moment
truckled to the power of General Jackson.]
Mr. Jones. Mr. Chairman, perhaps in the
warmth and hurry of debate, I may unintention-
ally have employed language conveying a much
stronger meaning than I wished; I was far from in-
tending to make any insinuation against the inde-
pendent character of my colleague; I meant only
to say, that by being the friend of General Jackson,
he was aided by the popularity of that distinguished
individual, in attaining the object of his youthful
ambition—a seat on this floor; and when he asserts
that he has been deserted by the Democracy, and
derives to himself consolation from the position
assumed, he will find it difficult indeed, to satisfy
the tens and hundreds of thousands of the true
Democracy of the country, who have never for a
moment faltered in their onward course, of the
sufficiency of the reason he now assigns.
He expresses a hope that God will forgive him
for supporting the cause of General Jackson. Sir,
if my colleasne has a comfortable assurance of
forgiveness for the political sins of which he has
been guilty since that day, and there be truth in
Holy Writ, let me assure him, that those which
appear to disturb him, will be blotted out no more
to be remembered against him.
But let me return from this digression, and pro-
ceed with the analysis. The amount expended
for the surveys of ports, harbors, breakwaters,
military roads, and other schemes of internal im-
provements in 1838, was $1,188,876 66.
In 1826 not a dollar was expended on any sach
objects.
[Mr. Wise here inquired if the Executive did
not furnish estimates for those improvements? He
asked his colleague to tell his constituents whether
the majority of the New Yotk delegation at that
time were Whigs or Locofocos. He wished their
votes to be shown on this subject of harbors in the
State of New York; he wished his colleague to tell
his constituents what made the fortune ot the pre-
sent Minister at the Court of St. Cloud, of our then
Secretary of War", of Lewis Cass; but the harbors
and improvements on the Northern lakes: my col-
league shall not escape.]
Mr. Jones. Mr. Chairman: I am incapable of
subterfuge or evasion, and my colleague, if he
knows me at all, will vouch for my assertion. I
have indulged in no reasoning, relied on no fact,
which can have aftendency to lead me to any
other than a fair and just conclusion. I am in no
position from which I desire to escape; nor do I
intend that he shall escape from the perplexities in
which he is involved; nor shall he make me a p ar-
ticipant in ihe difficulties with which be is
shackled I again repeat that I shall not permit him
to escape; and consequently I shall not permit my-
self to be led off from the discussion of the ques-
tion at issue. He shall not allure me from a dis-
cussion of the affairs of the nation, into an exami-
tion of the private affairs of Lewis Cass, or of any
other individual. I am already sufficiently em-
ployed by the duties which my station imposes on
me in the investigation of ihe numerous important
questions which daily come up for discussion,
without wandering from the appropriate sphere of
those duties, to discuss the affairs of any individual
whatever. Nor is this the proper time for any
such discussion. ¿Shall I in conformity with
my own views of the rules of argument, ad-
here closely to the topic under considera-
tion. An enemy to subterfuge, I am equally
unwilling to become its dupe. If the affairs of
Mr. Cass should be brought up in a proper form
and at a proper time, I shall not be found to shrink
from the investigation.
I have but one other remark to make on this
branch of the subject. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Cushino] has volunteered to de-
monstrate that it was through the instrumentality
of the Whig party that the harbor bill was carried
through; he claimed it as their measure. My col-
league controverts the assertion. It is not for me
to become the arbitrator of their differences. I
shall leave them to settle their own dispute. If
they can settle the difficulty between themselves,
be it so. I shall certainly not be found «sing any
effort to disturb their harmony.
Bat to proceed to the next item of alleged extra-
vagance. My colleague will surely not complain
of the extravagance which pays to the pensioners
of every class the pittance allowed them by their
country's gratitude. He will not denounce as ex-
travagance the sums paid to those who, in the days
which tried men's souls, perilled their lives and
poured out their blood on the battle field, in defence
of the rights and liberties which he and I this day
enjoy. And yet a large item in the amount now
denounced as extravagance, is an excess paid un-
der existing laws to this class of our citizens. In
1838, the amount paid for pensions
was     -          -          .          .   $3,113,418 79
In 1826, it was   -          -          .   $1,556,593 83
Making an excess in 1838 over
1826 of                                         #556,824 96
[Mr. Wise said that he never would deny any
sum, which the Administration might have appro-
priated for the descendants of our Revolutionary
sires, for Revolutionary services; and he said
it with more pride than he took in any
other subject, that more claims for Revolution-
ary services came from the consecrated district he
represented here, than, probably, from any other
district in the United States. Almost every man
that was captured at Germantown during the Re-
volutionary war, came from Accomac and North-
ampton, Virginia. Almost every spot in that dis-
trict was a soldier's sepulchre. He believed, how-
ever, that this Administration deserved a deeper
and more damning curse for the frauds it had
countenanced in these very Revolutionary claims,
than for any cause whatever. Mr. W. proceeded
to state, that the most gross and palpable frauds
had been committed, while many of those who
were entitled to pensions had never received a cent.
He had been informed that some of the officers of
the Government bad been concerned in admitting
claims, which never ought to have been passed.]
Mr. Jones. My colleague has thrown into my
speech another episode of illegitimate length. Bnt
of this I will not complain, since it concedes all I
could desire. He admits that there is no extrava-
gance in the increased amount required for the pay-
ment of pensioners; but his complaint is that frauds
are countenanced by the Government in the settle-
ment of these claims. This is the charge. Sir, if
the frauds of which my colleague speaks do, in
point of fact, exist, he will find my denunciations
of them no less earnest than his own, and my zeal
and labor for their correction no less assiduous.
Bat I must be first convinced of their existence,
before I will undertake either to punish those to
whom guilt is imputed, er to denounce them, espe-
cially when we have six committees clothed with
ample powers of investigation. These committees,
we were told at the commencement of the session,
were appointed for the special purpose of thorough-
ly investigating all the departments of the Govern-
ment. Their chairmen are known to be as zealous
and decided opponents of the Administration as
are to be found on this floor. They are confessedly
men of ability; they are not only competent, bat
willing to investigate frauds, if they exist; they un-
questionably are not disinclined to arraign any
man friendly to this Administration, who may
come within their jurisdiction, and is suspected of
countenancing any fraudulent transaction. If these
frauds exist, why have they not been discovered by
your committees? Heretofore it was alleged that
frauds could not be detected, and their authors ex-
posed, because the committees were packed. Until
the present session, the committees were said to be
composed of a majority of the friinds of the Admi-
nistration, who were unwilling to make public,
even if they knew of, the existence of dishonesty.
Now there exists no each excuse. If the alleged
frauds are not discovered, it cannot be said to be
attributable to the unwillingness of the committees
to expose to public view the crimes of the party in
power. The doors for examination are thrown
open as wide as gentlemen could desire. These
committees are composed each of five members,
three decided and zealous opponents of this Admi-
nistration, and two of its friends. Constituted as
they now are I must believe that if frauds were
countenanced'by, and disgraced the Government,
i.
