484
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
26th Cowo... ..l8T S*is.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
mean, it is as much a violation of the Constitution
as it would be to usurp powers entirely new."
It has sometimes been argued, and with much force
and ability, that as the Constitution has prohibited^
the Slates from passing any law "impairing the
obligation of contracts," that under the power con-
ferred to pass uniform laws upon the subject of
bankruptcy, no such laws can be passed, even by
Congres , impairing the obligation of any existing
contract, or having a retrospective operation.
This matter I am disposed to leave for others to
settle. It is wholly unnecessary for my purpose
to discuss that question. I take the bill as it is,
and I find sufficient objection upon its face to deter
me from giving to it my support. Looking at the
general object of the measure; regarding it as com-
prehending classes, unauthorized by the Constitu-
tion itself, I am constrained to oppose it. This
question 4f eotuHtutioruii power, as was well said
on a former occasion, by one of the most efficient,
industrious, and learned judges that ever occupied
a seat on the bench of the Supreme Court of my
native State,
"la a question to be settled by the books, and not by conjec-
ture or argument. There had, it was true, been some diffi-
culty in determining who were, and who were not traders.
The courts had, by construction, embraced several classes of
persona within the statute; but it had always been done on the
express ground that their principal employment was that of
trading. So particular statutes, since the thirteenth of Eliza-
beth, hare included some and rejected other classes from the
bankrupt system; but invariably on the ground that they were
or were not engaged in trade. Such was the theory of the sta-
tute of George II; such of the new bankrupt act of 1825; and
such toe principle running; through all the one or two hundred
reponed decisions upon this system."
If the power tj include all classes of the commu-
nity, within the provisions of this bill, cannot be
inferred from the express terms ofthe Constitution
itself, it certainly will not be presumed to apper-
tain to Congress from the records of onr own his-
tory antej ior, as well as subsequent, to the adop-
tion of the Constitution; nor can we find authority
for any such opinion in the whole history of Eng-
land for the Ian two centuries.
"No instance could be found for the whole two centuries
nace the introduction of the system, of a mere agriculturist
having been adjudged a bankrupt. The definition of a bankrupt
in the statute, forbad* such a construction; judicial decisions,
more than one hundred and fifty years old, had forbidden it;
and the subsequent statutos had again and again forbidden it;
and this, not because they had before been included, nor on
any local theory of politics in England, but because a bankrupt
system, in its true «tent and meaning, was not adapted to the
education, habita, opinions, or condition, of an agricultural po-
pulation."
The Constitution of the United States, as before
stated, declares that "no State shall pass any bill
impairing the obligation of contracts." Wo gen-
tleman will contend that it is within the constitu-
tional power of any one State of the Confederacy
to pass a voluntary bankrupt bill; such a bill as
that reported by the majority of the committee.
This power is expressly prohibited by the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and it may be well to
consider under what circumstances the provision
to establish uniform laws on the subject of bank-
ruptcies throughout the United States, and the pro-
hibition above recited, were incorporated into the
Constitution. It is perfectly manifest to my mind,
that to the States, and to the States exclusively,
did the power belong, to pass an insolvent law;
thai this power conld no more be exercised by
Congress, under that clause of the Constitution,
giving authority to pass a uniform law upon the
subject of bankruptcy, than it conld exercise the
power to abolish all contracts and all debts. The
express power conferred upon Congress has its
meaning and its limitation. The power prohibit-
ed to be exercised by the States, has also its mean-
ing and its limitation. No one doubts that it is
perfectly competent for State Legislatures to pre-
scribe remedies for the collection of debts. No one
can doubt that State Legislatures can pass acts of
limitation with reference to all contracts entered
into subsequent to the passage of such act;; but no
one will have the boldness to assert that Stales can
pass any act of limitation which shall have a re-
trospective operation. States, with reference to
contracts in future, can exempt this and that
piece of property from
eeutíbn—can even free
debtor from arrest and
in doing  all this,   which
atttachment and ex-
the person of the
imprisonment. But
are remedial  provi-
•WBty they - cannot   impair  the   obligation  of
the contract itself.   They have not the power to
nullify a contract between individuals—'to abolish
a subsisting debt.   States have the power 10 pass
insolvent laws, which look to the relief of the
debtor, as well as to the interest of the creditor.
They may legalize an assignment, honestly and
fairly   made  by   the  debtor,  of   his  property;
but they cannot abrogate the  contract, or   de-
stroy the debt of the creditor, without his agency
or assent.   In my own State, the body of the
debtor is liable to imprisonment on all debts beyond
a certain amount; but when the debtor is, by due
course of law, discharged from that imprisonment
as an insolvent, he cannot afterwards be arrested
on the same cause of action; but when fortune shall
smile upon his efforts, and prosperity crown his
enterprises, the creditor then can reach the proper-
ty of his debtor. All the doings of State Legislatures
since the adoption ofthe Federal Constitution, have,
in relation to this matter,been confined exclusively
t.i the passage of remedial acts—to the establish-
ment of a mere insolvent system—to the affording
that relief to the unfortunate and honest debtor
which they could do, without destroying the absolute
rights of creditors.   These salutary provisions, we
all know, are not the same in all the States.   They
are essentially different in different communities.
In some of the States the body of the debtor is
not liable to arrest on mesne process; in others it
is.   In some of the States judgments operate as
liens upon the real estate of the debtor; in others
they have no such operation.   In some of the
States property of one description is liable to at-
tachment; in others the same description of proper-
ty is exempt from the process of the law.   But in
no State, without the assent of the creditor, can the
obligation of his pre-existing contracts be impaired
by the force of State legislation.   It may then be
asserted, and I trust without contradiction, that all
the power the Slates possess over this subject, is, in
short, to afford, by their legislation, temporary re-
lief to «he insolvent debtor, leaving the absolute
rights of the creditor unimpaired.   I admit that the
States possess this power; but, in making that ad-
mission, I am not prepared to acknowledge  that
sach a power as is asserted in tbe bill before ihe
Senate, is vested in, or can be exerci.ed by, the
Congress of the United States.
This is the important question: Has Congrcs
the power to pass a general insolvent system, look-
ing to the entire abrogaiion of all contracts? If
Congress has no power to interfere with the reme-
dial statutory provisions adopted by the States with
reference to the rights of their own citizens—if
Congress has not the power to abolish the subsist-
ing debts of the citizens of a sovereign State—then,
sir, it follows that it has not the constitutional au-
thority to pass the bill before us. With just as
much propriety can it be said that Congress pos-
sesses Ihe power to annul any contract entered
into between any one of the States and a foreign
Government, as to say that it can embrace within
the provisions of a general bankrupt system every
class of the community. With equal right can it
be urged that Congress has the power to nullify the
acts of a State, as to contend that it has the power
to nullify the debts of the citizens of that State.
If the bill proposed by ihe committee could be
regarded as a limit, beyond which the constitution-
al power of Congress over this subject could not
extend, then I freely admt the farming classes
would not object to its general provisions. And I
as freely admit that, if any such bill can be passed
by Congress, it shonld embrace every class of
debtors. But, Mr. President, it is in reference to
this whole subject—it is in view of the power
which it is alleged that Congress does possess in re-
lation to ibis question—that I oppose this particu-
lar measure. If Congress can pass this bill, esta-
blishing a system of voluntary bankruptcy, there
can be no doubt that, under the same specific grant
of power, it can establish a system of compulsory
bankruptcy. If Congress can extend to the farmer
the privilege of declaring himself a bankrupt, at
his mere will and pleasure, it can, by the compul-
sory process of the law, force him to be declared a
bankrupt, however much such a declaration might
militate with his interest, or be opposed by his
judgment.   If a farmer debtor can be permitted,
without the knowledge of his creditor, to declare
himself a bankrupt, and be proceeded against ac-
cordingly, and in effect obtain a certificate of dis-
charge, it follows, irresistibly, that Congress may
authorize a creditor of any such farmer debtor to
originateproceedings against him—cause him to be
decreed a bankrupt—compel him to surrender his
whole estate, his lands, his flocks, his herds, his im-
plements, his every thing, into the hands of as-
signees, for the bene6t of his creditors. And be-
lieving, as I most conscientiously do, that the fra-
mers of the Constitution never con:emplated the
exercise of any such power—never, for a momtnt,
supposed that the specific grant of power to Con-
gress to pass uniform laws upon the subject of
bankruptcies, "gave authority to embrace class-
es of the community within the provisions of
a bankrupt system, who, according to the popular,
as well ax the technical, meaning of the term bank-
ruptcy, at the time of the adop.ion of our Consti-
tution, were most clearly excluded—I feel con-
strained to oppose the measure. If Congress has
the power to pass this bill, it possesses full and ple-
nary power over every part of the subject. If it
can permit the farmer to become a bankrupt, it
can compel him to become a bankrupt. If it
can give to him the privilege of selecting
time, place, and every o'her circumstance,
to declare himself a bankrupt, it can
compel him, without his agency, and against
his will, when the creditor shall see fit to move, to
>ie!d to the decree of a judicial tribunal declar-
ing him a bankrupt. If the power ü admitted, it
must be conceded for every purpose. It will nt.t
do to say that Congress can pass this system for
voluntary bankruptcy, and is precluded from pass-
ing any bill providing for involuntary, compulsory
bankruptcy; and the practical farmers of my
own country will not infer, from my decided
opposition to this bill upon constitutional grounds
that I am disposed to deprive them oí any privi-
leges which I would extend to the other classes of
the community. Far otherwise: if there is any
portion of our citizens for whom I entertain a strong
predilection, it is for the farming classes. If there
is any portian of our community whose great inte-
rests deserve the vigilant attention of Congress, it is
that of the agricultural cla^s. The merchants ne-
ver fail to be heard, when, in their judgment, a
proper rfgard to their rtgnts requires the legislative
[ interposition of Congress. We have them always
i with us. Well understanding their own peculiar
interests, they never fail to declare them and to
maintain them with great ability, and with most
untiring zeal. Not so with the yeomanry, the
practical husbandmen of our country. Their re-
tiring habits—their little connection with commer-
cial men—their disposition to cultivate their own
soil in peace, seldom leads them to present their
grievances in our halls of legislation; and, sir, it is
this very characteristic habit of the farmer—this
retirement from the business and the bustle of com-
merce and trade—it is this absence " im all the
confusion and hazards of enterprise and specula-
tion, that led the framers of our National Constitu-
tion to incarporate the guarded and qualified provi-
sion which they did, defining the power of Con-
gress over the subject of bankruptcies. Had they
intended to have subjected the. farming classes of
our country to all the evils of a bankrupt system,
why was this clause thus guarded? Why was not
the word insolvency coupled with that of bank-
ruptcy? Why was not the clause made in express
terms to embrace portions of our community which
had never been included within the provisions of
any bankrupt system of England, from the thir-
teenth of Elizabeth, to the time of the adoption of
our Constitution. It was for the reason that no %
such grant of power to Congress would have been
sanctioned by the American people, the source of
all political power in this country,
Mr. President, does any Senator now present,
for a moment believe, that if the Constitution had,
in express terms, conferred upon Congress the
power to include all classes of our community
within the provisions of a bankrupt system, as it
was then understood, that such a power would have
been affirmed and approved by those who ulti-
mately ratified that instrument?   No, sir; such a
