May, «<0.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
491
26th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Independent Treasury Bill—Mr. Lowell.
H. of Reps.
tional councils on questions ielatine to the cur-
rency; and he thus s cceeded in stiikms a blow at
the Constitution, the effects of which have been
deplored by the Democratic party trom that time
to the present. Tnus wtre its provisions violated
through the art and cunning of a man who was op-
posed to our free in.-t tun'ons—who had no confi-
dence in ih? vinueand intelligence of the peip e—
who doubled their ability f-r  elt government—
who «onsidered th  British Constitution the most
perfect form of Gosemment in tne world—and
who was a zealous and eager imitator of all British
insti utuns. He thus succeeded, by an unwananU-
ble constructs n of the Constitution, in fasten ng
upon this country a system, the inevitable tendeni y
of which is to ovtrthrow onr free institutions, blot
out the State sovereignties, and establish upon
their runs a central, consolidated Government,
similar to that of Great Britain.
Much stress is laid by the advocates of a Na-
tional Bank on the fact, that some prominent
Democrats have recommended such an institution,
•nd among them Mr. Alexander J. Dallas, Secre-
tary of the Treasury under Mr. Madison. But it
should be recollected that Mr. Dallas, in recom-
mending the late Bank of the United States, De-
cember 6, 1815, admits that, "under the constitu-
tional authority, the money of the United States
has been established by law, consisting oí coins,
made with gold, silver, or copper." And he adds,
upon the next page of his report:
"But it  within the acope of a wise policy, to create addi-
tional demands for coin, and in that way to multiply the induce-
ments to import, and retain the inetali of which it is composed.
For instance, the excessive issue of bank paper has usurped
the place of the national money, and, under such circumstances,
goW and silver will always continue to be treated asan article
of merchandise: but it is hoped that the issue of bank paper
will be soon reduced to iis just share in the circulating medium
of the country, and consequently that the roin of the United
States will resume its legitimate capacity and character."
Again:
■"lie Treasury, yielding from necessity to the general im-
pulse, has hitherto consented to receive bank paper in payment
of defies and taxes; but the period approaches, when it will
probably become a duty to exact the payment either in Trea-
sury notes or in gold or silver coin, the lawful currency ol the
United States."
Thus it will be seen Mr. Dallas most distinctly
admits that the lawful money of the United Sta'es
is gold and silver coins; and foreseeing a different
state of things from what then existed, he piedicts
the future establishment ot the measure now un-
der consider atio .
The committee of Congress on so much of the
President's message as related to the national cur-
rency, in their communication with Mr. Dallas,
say, that " They had determined that a National
Bank is the most certain means of restoring to the
nation a specie circulation." Such was the avowed
object for which the late bank of the United States
was established; and how signally it failed to effect
the great object for which it was instituted, is with-
in ike recollection of all. Bat it has been said that
Mr. Madison, after all his former opposition to a
National Bank, became the friend of such au insti-
tution, and approved of the charter in 1816. It is
indeed true, that it was chartered during his admi-
nistration, and received his signature; but I will
▼enture to say, Mr. Chairman, that you can bear
• witness, from your intimate acquaintance with that
•distinguished man, that his own opinion remained
unchanged. fHe states the reasons for bis course in
a letter to C. J. Ingercoll, June 25, 1831:
" The charge (be says) of inconsistency, turns on the ques-
tion, how far legislative precedents, expounding the Constitu-
tion, ought to guide succeeding legislatures, and to overrule in-
dividual opinions."
Again: I am told that there have been numerous
decisions of the Supreme Court sustaining the con-
stitutionality of such an institution. That is also
true; and I have had occasion to examine some of
them They are to be found in the 4th, 8th, 9th,
and 12th of Wheaton's Reports.
But however much I may be disposed to respect
the decisions of that court in questions over which
the Constitution has given ihem jurisd'ction, I can-
not wink out of sight the fact, that the distingnish-
ed men who composed that court, and made those
decisions, belonged to a party which has always
been disposed l> enlarge the powers of the General
Government by construction. Nor can I forget,
last our Government consists of'three separate and
distinct departments, each independent of the other,
each intended to act m sime measure a  a check
upon the other, an I each bound by the oath of of-
fice to support the Constitution. It is under the
solemnity of such an oa'h, and as a m-m^erof one
of those de par m nts f Government, thu I now a^-
dres< you l,i such, a case I woult suffer no man,
<>r set of men, w atever might beth^ircha'a ter.s
or situation, io influence me sgmnst the owiius
meaning and mteni^n of the framers oí the instru-
ment.
From every view which I have taken of this sub-
ject, I can come to no ither cnc'usion, than that
it was the intention ^ f the framers of the Con-
stitution to adopt gold and silver as the stan-
dard ot value, and toesUhli^h a metall c currency;
and that the Government should perform it- fiscal
operations through the agency of its own officers
I am, therefore, in favor of ihe bill, because it is
ba^ed upon, and is in accordance with the princ-
p'es of the Constitution. I am opp >-ed to the sys-
tem of bank agency, which is the antagonist of this
measure, because it violate* the Constitution; and
I cannot concur in the opinion that legislative pre-
cedents are to be regarded as imposing an insu-
perable obligation on subsequent Legislatures. If
they are risht, they 6hould be followed—if wrong,
they should be abandoned. Precedents which con-
travene the principles of justice and equality—
which assume powers never de'egated—which vio-
late the reserved rights of the Slates—and trample
under foot the liberties of the people, can have,
and ought to have, no influence over an American
Legislature. Instead ot beifig a guide for future
legislation, they should be viewed as the prudent
mariner would regard a dangerous reef or ledge,
around which he sees scattered the wrecks and
fragments of vessels.
Second. As a mere question of convenience, the
proposed system is greatIv superior to a bank
agency for transacting the fiscal operations of the
Government. It is more dirtct and simple in its
operations.
There are three great sources of revenue, name-
ly: the duties on imports, the sales of the public
lands, and the postage of letters and papers. When
banks are used as agents, these revenues are col-
lected by officers of the customs, receivers of land
offices, and postmasters, in bank notes, and depo-
sited periodically in banks in various parts of the
Union. When money is needed for the purposes
of Government, drafts are drawn by the Treasurer
on the banks in favor of the di*bursing officers, who
go, or send, to the banks, procure the amount in
bank notes, and pay it out for the purposes for
which it wa> appropriated.
By the Independent Treasury system, the money
will be collected by the same officers in gold and
silver, and deposited in the Government vaults, un-
der the charge of the officers of Government, who
are bound to keep it safely in specie until it is
drawn for by the Treasurer, and is then paid out
in specie in pursuance of appropriations made by
law.
The old system deposites the money in banks,
which are authorized to discount and loan money*
to individuals on the strength of it; while the Inde-
pendent Treasury system entrusts it with the offi-
cers  f Government for safe keeping, who are un-
der heavy bonds, with ample sureties, not to loan it
to others, or to use it for any purpose whatever.
To illustrate the subject. When banks are used
as depositories and fiscal agents of the Govern-
ment, the postmaster at Machias, Maine, is required
to deposite the revenue cf the office- quarterly in
some bank in Bangor, or Portland, or elsewhere in
the State. The contractor for carrying the United
States mail from Bangor to Eastport, applies to the
Postmaster General for his quarter's pay, who
draws in favor of the contractor upon the bank
where the money is deposited; and the contractor
goes, or sends, to Portland, or Bangor, and pro-
cures the amount in bank notes.
By the Independent Treasury system, the post-
master at Machias will notify the Postmaster Ge-
neral of thi amount in his hands, at ihe end of
each quarter, and the Postmaster General will im-
mediately draw in favor of the mail contractor, on
the several post offices on his route, which drafts he
will pie ent, and take the specie, instead of going,
or send'n?, to Banvor or Portland, for bills-
Agiin: when I anks are used as the depositories
and agents of Gi.vrnme'it, a collector ol the cus-
toms at Bo-ton, N^w Yoik, Phila'elphia or Bait -
nice, col ect* the duties on un o is in bank notes,
and dep s1 e> ih^n in some bank, or banks in the
s-tme p a"e; and wh*n the money is n eded tor the
ereet'on of fortification*, public works, or other
puip >sf«, in pursuance ot law, it is drawn out by
the treasurer hy  drtlis in favor ol tie contactors.
By the In'epfndent Tie isnry sys em, t e ou'ies
will b* collet, d in gold and silver, deposited in
<h° Government vaul[\ ke, t *a!e until it ¡s needed
f<t th-*  ame pur^ o-es, and then be dishuisedby
the iffiii-rs (,f G'>vern>ni nt, in g i'd and silver.
Again: whfn b,ini?s ate u^ed for the fiscal ope-
rations of the Government, ihe proceeds of the
sile-< of the public lands in Ohio, Illinois, and In-
diana, are colleceil by the receivers at the public
land offices, in bank notes, deposited in ihe banks
most conveniently situatpd, and when needed to
m^et appropnations fur Ind an treaties, or other
opendiiures, in thi Western States, are drawn
from tne banks in bank notes, on the draft of the
treasurer of ihe United States, in favor of the dis-
bu'sing officers.
By ihe Independent Treasury, the proceeds of
the salts of the public lands would be collected by
the same eflicers, in gold and silver, kept safely
until drawu from their hands, for the purposes be-
fore mentioned, bv drafts in favor of the contract-
or; and thsn paid out in specie.
This system is, therefore,%inch more simple, di-
rect, and convenient, than that of a bank agency.
Third. The Independent Treasury system has
the advantage of the other, not only in constitu-
tionality and convenience, but also in the security
of the  public revenue.
To maintain this position, it will be necessary to
consider at some length the origin, objects and qua-
lities of banks, and the principles on which they
are established and conducted.
The business of banking is said to have been
commenced in Italy by the Lombard Jews, in the
year 808. The Bank of Venice was established
in 1171. The Bank of St. George, at Genoa, in
1407. The Bank of Ams'erdam in 1609. The
Bank of Hamburg in 1619. In Sweden, the Bank
of Stockholm in 1657. The Bank of England in
1694. Tiie Bank of Copenhagen in 1736. The
Bank of Berlin, in Prussia, in 1765. The
Bank of Atsignats, in Russia, in 1768. A Bank
for the discount of commercial paper in France,
in 1776; arid the Bank of Assignats in 1789.
The first bank established in -this country was
the Bank of North America, at Philadelphia, in
1781. The Massachusetts Bank, at Boston, in 1784.
The Bank of New York, at New York, the game
year; and the Portland Bank, at Portland, Maine,
in 1799. Since which time, the whole number of
banks and branches in the Uni'ed States has in-
ri eased to 901, with a capital stock of #358,442,692;
bills or notes in circulation, $106,968,572; and
specie in their vaults, $33,105,155.
Banks were originally designed to be places of
deposite merely, and not of discount and circula-
tion, as at the present day. They were not the manu-
facturers of paper, but the bailees of gold, silver,
and every description of coins. These coins were
deposited principally for safe-keeping; and were re-
ceived by the banks at their intrinsic value, sub-
ject to transfer or withdrawal by the owner, at a
trfling expense. They afterwards became banks
of discount, as well as deposite; and still dealt
chiefly, if not wholly, in hard moBey. They have
more recently become banks of circulation, as
well as deposite and discount; and many of them
are at this time but little more than the manufac-
turers of paper.
The history of paper money, as it is termed,
both in this .country and Europe, is a history of
alternate expansions and contractions, of apparent
prosperity and real adversity, of an excited and
unnatural abundance, and a painful deficiency of
the circulating medium, of plenty and scarcity, of
profusion and poverty, extravagance and want,
confidence and distrust.
All countries which have tried it, have saffererj
