*98
£6rn Co «"«*l«T- Sbs .
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. McKay.
April, 1840.
H. of Reps.
«mount received within the first forty years of the
Government.   Here is a very large increase, and
yet the rates of postage have remained the same
as they wen fixed some time after the close of the
war.   Mo new charges had been imposed on the
correspondence and business of the country, to
swell the revenues of the Department—and would
any gentleman have the hardihood to rise in his
place, and say that because this larger amount had
been di bursed, that that circumstance alone w«u>
proof of extravagance; on the contrary, had not
the accommodations to the public been increased
with the rise in the expenditures?   The official re-
ports would show that the number of post roads in
all parts of the union—the extent of mail service
throughout the country, and the number of  po>t
«ffioes, had all increased at the same rate with the
revenues; and yet, for all this, as he said before,
the rates of postage were not altered.
He was not aware that any gentleman in the
Opposition had urged the increase in the expendi-
tures of the Department, as an evidence of extra-
vagance against it; yet, according to the principle
they had hud down, there could be no other con-
clusion. And it is proper to notice here, a circum-
stance, which had been the cause of much misre-
presentation on this subject. It was-this: Prior to
1836, the revenues of the Department were dis-
bursed exclusively under the control of the Post-
xnaster General, without any appropriation by
Congress, as they were not paid into the Treasury.
In that year an act was passed, reorganizing the
Post Office Department, and among other provi-
sions, reqairing the payment of all moneys re-
ceived by it, into the Treasury, and an appropria-
tion of it by law. Hence it is that the aggregate
of appropriations by Congress, within the last few
years, has been increased to the amount of what
was needed for the service of the Department; and
thus afforded to the Opposition, one of the pre-
tences, upon which to make the charge of extrava-
gance against the Administration.
Mr. McKat, by way of further illustration, re-
ferred to the fanners of the country.   Suppose the
ease of one who has emigrated from the East to
the West.   He buys a tract of land upon one of
those rich and beautiful prairies, which abound
there, and for which he goes in debt to the amount
of $8,000.   He settles down upon it with his fami-
ly, and commences its improvement.    The first
work which he does, is to build himself a house,
(or, if you please, a log cabin, to which the gen-
tlemen, living in their splendid mansions, have of
late taken such a liking,) and clear a field around
it.   By industry and economy, he would, in a few
Years, pay off the whole of the debt, and, in the
Mean time, supply  all   the  moderate  and  rea-
sonable wants of his family, with about $250
per annum of his income.   After the payment
of the debt, however, his family having become
more numerous, his fields having been enlarged,
his stock of every kind increased, and his crops
more   productive, he chooses   to improve   his
buildings, to convert the log cabin into a more
stately edifice of brick or of wood, to add to his
landed estate,  to send his sons and daughters
to school, and to incur other expenses amount-
ing in all to $800 or $900 per annum; and all this
M done without going beyond his income.   In
such a case, what gentleman would get up and ar-
gue that this increase of expenditure was proof of
extravagance'?   Why, no one in his senses would
attempt it; and yet the charge against the Ad
ministration had been made on no better ground.
If the Government, while making these expendi-
tures, had contracted a large public debt, then
there might have been some cause of   blame;
but such was not the case daring the whole of
the administration of Jackson.   It was true that
the present Administration had found it neces-
sary to apply to and obtain of Congress a tempo-
rary authority to issue Treasury notes, in conse-
quence of indulgence given to certain banks and
merchants in the payment of moneys dae by them
to the Government, and with this qualification—in
no year had the expenditures exceeded the re-
ceipts.   And this brings us to a more interest-
ing view of the subject.
The Government, tor many years past, has had
two princ pal sources ot revenue only, that is,
the customs and the sales ot the public lands.
It  was  true that' there were soma other items
of a  miscellaneous character—uch as postages,
balances on account of the old direct taxes, and
internal revenue and dividends on the stock  of !
the Bank of the United States during the con-
tinuance of its charter, but they were small in
amount, and some ef them had acudlly ceased,
and would not iherefore affect the general rule.
Here, then, as he said before, we have had no
othei  revenue than that arising trom customs—
that is, duties on foreign merchandise imported
into   the   country, and the sales   of   the pablic
lands.   By the Constitution of the United States,
| the power to  levy and collect taxes, duties, ím-
l ports, and excises, and to pay the debts and to
I provide for the common deleace and general wel-
fare, is given to Coagress only.    In the exercise
j of this power, no more money should be  laken
irom'the  people  than the public  wants  require;
and   it is equally the   duty of the   Representa-
tives to see that, when thi^ money is collected,
it should be applied to constitutional and   use-
ful purposes.    All that the President can do, is
in the performance of a duty enjoined upon him
( by the Constitution, "to give to Congress informa-
tion of the state of the Union, and to recom-
mend to their consideration such measures as he
snail   judge   necessary    and     expedient."     He
can do nothing   more  than this.     He has   no
authority  to   originate a bill either to lay new
taxes or to repeal old ones—as  he has already
shown that power lies with Congress, and with
Congress alone must rest the responsibility.   Now,
in relation to this point, what had been the course
of the Executive?   The first term of General Jactr-
son, as President, commenced on the 4th of March,
1829.    The last act imposing duties on imports
had been passed on the 19th of May, 1828. In
his first message to Congress, in December, 1829,
he thus invited its attention to the subject:
"Looking forward to the period not far distant, when a sink-
l ing fund will be no longer required, the duties on those articles
of importation which cannot come into competition
with our own productions, are the first that should en-
gage the attention of Congress in the modification of the
the tariff Of these, tea and coffee are the most prominent.
They enter largely into the consumption of the country, and
bare become articles of necessity to all classes A reducuon,
I therefore, of the existing duties, will be felt as a common bene-
fit, but like all other legislation connected with commerce, to
be efficacious and not injurious, it should be gradual and cer-
tain "
Such was the recommendation of the President,
and en the 20th of May, 1830, an act was passed
to reduce the duties on coffee, tea, and cocoa.
By the provisions of that act, not only were mate-
rial reductions make in regard to teas and cocoa,
but from and after the 31st of December, 1830,
the duty on coffee was to be reduced from five to
two cents per pound; and after the 31st December,
1831, to one cent per pound. By two other acts,
approved 29ih May, 1830, the duty on molasses
was reduced from ten to five cents per gallon, and
the doty on salt from 20 to 15 cents; after the
31st December, 1830, until the 31st December,
1831, and after that time, to ten cents per bushel,
and no more.    In his second message, December,
1830,   after expressing his opinion on various
points connected with the revenues and manufac-
tures of the country, and particularly the princi-
ples upon which protection should be given to the
latter, he says:
"That the present tariff taxes seme of the comforts of life
unnecessarily high, it undertakes to protect interests too local
and minute to justify a general exaction; and it also attempts to
force some kinds of manufactures for which the country is not
ripe;" and that "while an abandonment of the policy is neither to
be expected and desired, the people have a right to demand, and
have demanded, that it be so modified as to correct abuses and
obviate injustice "
In his third message, Dec. 1831, he says:
"The confidence with which the extinguishment of the pub-
lic debt may be anticipated, presents an opportunity for carry-
ing into effect more fully the policy in relation to impost duties,
which has been recommended in my former messages A
modification of the tariff, which shall produce a reduction of
our revenue to the wants of our Government, andan adjust
ment ef the duties on impoits with a view to do equal justice
in relation to all our national interests, and to the counterac-
tion of foreign policy, so far as it may be injurious to those in-
terests, is deemed to be one of the principal objects which de-
mand the consideration of the present Congress Justice to the
interests of the merchant, as well as the manufacturer, re-
quires that material reductions in the import duties be prospec-
tive and unless the present Congress shall dispose ef the sub-
ject, the proposed reductions cannot properly be made to take
effect at the period when the necessity for the revenue arising
trom present rates shall cease It is therefore desirable that ar
rangements be adopted at your present session to relieve the
people from unnecessary taxation allef the extinguishment ef
the public debt In the exercise of that spirit of concession
and coucilialion which has distinguished the friends of our
Union in all great emergencies, it is believed that tins object
may be effected without injury to any national interest "
And on the 14.h ol July, 1832, an act was passed
to alter and amend the several acts imposing du-
ties on imports, by which it was supposed that a
reduction ot several millions in the receipts of the
Government would have been effected. Mr.
Adams, who was chairman ot the committee by
whom the bill was reported, estimated that the re-
duction would be from five to eight or ten million 
of dollars annually. But as apoition of the peo-
ple were dissatisfied with that act on various
ground*-, and, among others, that it did not reduce
enough, the President again, in his message at the
opening of the next sesión, invoked the attention
of Congress lo the subject. In his message of De-
cember 4, 1832, he says:
"I cannot too cordially congratulate Congress and my fellow-
citizens on the near approach of thai memorable and happy
event, the extinction ol the public debt of this great and free
nation Faithlul to the wise and patriotic policy markedout
by the legislation of the country for this object, the present
Administration has devoted toilall the means which a flou
rishing commerce has supplied, duel a prudent economy pre-
served for the public Treasury Within the four years for
which the people have confided the Executive power to my
charge, fifty eight millions ol dollars will have been applied to
the payment of the public debt. That this has been accom-
plished without stinting the expéndame fir all other proper
objects, will be seen by referring to the liberal provision made
during tlie same period for the support and increase of our
means of maritime and military defence, for internal improve
mentsofa national character, (or the removal and preserva-
tion of the Indians, and, lattly, for the gallant veterans of the
Revolution.
•'The final removal of this great burden from our resources,
affords the means of further provision for all the objects of
general welfare and.pubhc delence, which the Constitution au-
thonzes, and presents the occasion for such further reduction
in the revenue as may not be required for them From there-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, It will be seen that, after
the present year, such a reduction may be made to a sonsidera-
ble extent, and the subject is earnestly recommended to the con-
sideration of Congress, in the hope that the combined wisdom
of the Representatives of the people will devise such means of
effecting that salutary object, as may remove those burden*
which shall be found to fall unequally upon any, and as may
promote all the great interests of the community
"Long and patient reflection has strengthened the opinion I
have heretofore expressed to Congress on this subject; and I
deem it my duty, on the present occasion, again to urge them
upon the attention of the Legislature The soundest maxim of
public policy, and the principles upon which our Republican
institutions are founded, recommend a proper adaptation of the
revenue to the expenditure, and they also require that the ex-
penditure shall be limited to what, by an economical adminis-
tration, shall be consistent with the simplicity of the Govern-
ment, and necessary to an efficient public service. Iu effect-
ing this adjustment, it is due, injustice, to the interest of the
different States, and even to the preservation of the Union
itself, that the protection afforded by existing laws to any
branches ol the national industry, should not exceed what may
be necessary to counteract the regulations of foreign nations,
and to secure a supply of those ameles of manufacture essen-
tial to the national independence and safety in time of war. If,
upon investigation, it shall be found, as it is believed it will be,
that the legislative protection granted to any particular interest
is greater than is indispensably requisite for these objects, I re-
commend that it be gradually diminished, and that, as far as
may be consistent with these objects, the whole scheme of duties
be reduced to the revenue standard, as soon as a just regard to
the faith ol the Government, and to the preservation of the large
capita) invested la establishments of domestic industry, will
permit"'
And on the second March, 1833, another act
was passed, commonly called the compromise act,
amendatory of that of the 14th of July, 1832. Now
let us see what has been the effect of these several
changes, bearing constantly m mind that the objeet
of them all was either to reduce existing duties, or
to repeal them altogether. By the following table,
prepared by¡ the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, it will be seen that there has been a large
reduction in the amount of taxation imposed upon
the people m the form of duties, effected by the se-
veral acts ot Congress to which he had referred:
18J0|
1631
1832|
1833
1834
1835|
1836,
1837
18381
39,282,964 95
36,559,383 41
29,310,894 78
24,152,674 66
«185,476 69
3 728,725 31
7,304,566 28'
19,789,590 03
18,'9b0,'705 96843,425,811 231 24,465,105 27
25,890,726 66 52,943,768 19 27,053,041 53
30,818,327 67 45,421,515 99 34,603,188 32
18,134,131 01 49,125,984 48 30,991,853 47
19,702,825 45l 42,120,657 84   22,417,832 39
1*22,681,9*5 91
21,922,391 38
24,224,441 77
28,465,237 24
29,032,608 91
16,214,957 15
19,391,310 59
23,409,940 53
11,169,290 39
16,158,800 36
'Estimated on the import  during the yean ending on the 30th
of September.
