¡500
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
86th Cono*"*1st Sesb.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. McKay.
Senate.
1<hMH;n had been made in the provisions of the
«Ct-=cf 1838  and to point out the consequences
ttiaf resulted from   them; and, further,  to show
^^^-wnjcrlMi  been   the conduct of the  Executive
,1n relation  thereto.     But  after   all  that  had
4 tea done, the receipts into the Treasury from
-itetotom  were large, and, including tho>e from the
"j&nbhe Jands, were much larger than had been
"«■tieipat«a by any one.   Who then is respon-
^níMe !br*tbis superabundance in the Treasury?
9iJto¿)ar country has presented the extraordinary
0 apsetaale, within the last'few years of the people
^wrangling, not about the amount of receipts—not
~, «boat the amount of money taken  from  their
, 'poekets by the Government, but the amount of ex-
^pendituxes after the money had been collected from
0tham, with> their consent. He bad already referred
^„to the several messages of the President to show
quia character of his recommendations on ths sub-
. jeet.^ As some captious persons might insist that
Jheee messages merely dealt in generalities, and
fw«re -all very good in. themselves, yet nothing
could b* inferred as to what the Executive really
desired or intended, he would endeavor to be more
jpMNQjs.    The Secretary of the Treasury  [Mr.
,vttPLtne] in, his,-annual report to Congress, in De-
¿pfe$tar, 18J1, After stating that «independently of
¡<ihe«nargeoi the public debt, the revenue for the
■^ejpeaditures of the Government, as at present au-
!>0K i2*d, need not, it is estimated, exceed annually
^«rsam of #15,000,000;" and further specifying
''JIÑA new obfepts for which appropriations at the
síjtfópex time.-««ght to be provided for, says:—"For
¿^ foítootog-purposes, together with the existing
^¿rteemtareV Wd a moderate allowance for such
yphjects of general improvement as shall be of ac-
•taewreaged national character, within the limits,
<«* admitted by the Executive, of the powers of
•Congress ever the «abject, an annual revenue of
^fifleeítmütione of dollars will be fully adequate."
,On the 87tn of April, 1833, he makes a report to
>tbe<Hoese, in which he submits a bill, the basis of
Thinh im ii total repeal of the act of the 19ih of
Hay* 1888, from and after the 3d of. March, 1833,
-and a limitation of the revenue afterwards to be
laiairl by a new system of duties, to the existing
expenditures of the Government, aad to such other
•ae&BSsary expenditures as the exigency of the pub-
ilic istgñce nay require, and Conjressin its wis*
4om<may authoriae."   And for these objects, he
•gaiat  estimates  an annual revenue of   fifteen
millions of dollars as necessary, of..- which he says
that three millions will be received from the public
lands.   The bill thus proposed by the Secretary,
was referred to the Committee on Manufactures,
of which'the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
jAbams] was the chairman, as be is now.   On the
25th of May following he made an able and elo-
quent report, from which he would quote one or
two passages only to show the influence under
which- that committee had acted: on page 24: "The
draft of the bill presented by the Secretary of the
Treasury was prepared in a spirit of compromise
between the two great and seemingly conflicting
interests, chiefly to be effected by the reduction of
the revenue.   In this purpose it was to be expect-
ed that iticould not be altogether satisfactory to
¡either; and its provisions have accordingly been
considered ef questionable policy by different mem-
bers of the committee under the impression on the
one" part, that ihe reduction of the revenue antici-
Sted   by it, was  too extensive,  and on the
ler, not extensive enough.   It proposes to reduce
the .revenue to be raised from duties on imports to
$l$000,000,and thereby to remit, of the existing
duties, upwards of ten millions.   This reduction,
in the view of the manufacturing interest—an inte-
rest closely and intimately connected with its inter-
nal improvement, and the interest specially repre-
sented in this House by this committee, is dumtd
Itfte **ctf*ive.   It proposes a diminution of reve-
nue of more than the sum liberated front its pre-
sent appropriation for the payment of the national
debt.   Tie majority of thi oommittee are of opi-
nion, founded upon principles submitted to the con-,
¿deration of the House m this report, that no re-
duction should be made, at least at the present time,
equal to the whoie.amount <¡í the annual appro-
priation thus liberated, that a, ten millions.   Upon
this opinion, however, they will not now further
enlarge. The projet in the d'aft of the bill is con-
sidered by other meml'ers of trie enmrr íttee as ex-
ceptionable for opposite reacons—that the re auc-
tion, in their opinion, is not extensive enough.
Under this vane y of views, the committee have
made several modifications in the bill proposed by
the Secretary of 'h° Treasury, and now report for
the consideration of the House a bill, not such as
would in its de ails be satisfac'ory to every mem-
ber of the committee, but is th t upon which they
have been able to unite a majority of their own
views." They then state the various modifica-
tions, add:
"In these deviations from the draft of a bill reported by the
Secretary of the Treasury to the House, the majority of the
eommiuee have done full justice to the inteu ions of thai offi-
cer. They have petceived in the diaft a spirit and temper en-
tirely congenial to their own, an earnest desire to conciliate and
harmonize the adverse feelings and interests of the two divi-
sions of the Union. Unable to concur with him m all the de-
tails of his drafted bill, they have felt it their duty to depart
from them as -seldom as possible, consistent with the obliga-
tions to the interest which it is their special charge to main-
tain."
The bill, thus prepared, became the act of the
14th July, 1832. H« had already observed that it
did not give satisfaction, and that, at the next ses-
sion, the President again called the attention of
Congress to the subject. The Secretary of the
Treasury, in his annual report of December, 1832,
after stating that, from all sources, there would be
an aggregate revenue of twenty-one millions in the
year, and adds:
"In the last annual report on the state of the finances, the
probable expenses tor all objects other than the public de it
were estimated at fifteen millions. This is still believed to be a
fair estimate, and, if so, there will bean annual surplus of six
millions. Still firmly convinced of the truth of the reasons
then presented for a reduction of the revenue to the wants of
the Government, lam again urged, by ásense of duty, to sug-
gest that a further reduction of six millions be made, to take ef-
fect after the year 1833 "
In pursuance of this suggestion, a bill was in-
troduced into the House by Mr. Verplanck, chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
then in the confidence of the Administration, and,
after being discussed for a long time in the House,
was finally superseded by what is commonly known
as the Compromise bill. He did not affirm that
Mr. Verplanck's bill could have passed, had it not
been for the introduction of the substitute; yet it
was understood to embody the views of the Se-
cretary, and that the reduction under it would have
been more rapid and considerable than under the
compromise. It has been admitted by the two
distinguished Senators who are supposed to have
bed a chief agency in the preparation of that mil,
that they foresaw, at the time, that there would be,
under its operation, a surplus in the Treasury. In
the speech before referred to, Mr. Calhoun said;
"He stood, personally, without pledge or plighted faith, as
far as that act was concerned. He cleany foresaw, at the time
that bill passed, that there would be a surplus of revenue in
the Treasury. He knew that result to be unavoidable, unless by
a reduction so sudden as to overthrow our manufacturing esta-
blishments—a catastrophe which he sincerely desired to avoid.
Whatever might be thought to the contrary, he had always been
the friend of those establishments.. He thought, at the time,
that the reduction provided for in the bill had not been made to
take place as fast as it might have been. But the terms of the
bill formed the only ground on which the opposing interest 
could agree; and he, as in part representing one of the Southern
States, accepted íl"
And he proposed, a* a remedy, an amendment
of the Constitution, by which Congress might be
temporarily authorized to make a distribution of
the surplus among the Stats . Mr. Clay, on the
same day, said:                 v
"He had foreseen, at the period of the passage of the act, the
probability of a large surplus, beyorjd the wants of the Govern-
ment, economically administered; and he had endeavored, si-
multaneously with the passage of the act, to provide for it, by
the introduction of the land bill."
And, on another occasion, he said:
"I thought I saw ¿course marked out, which must lead to the
utter and entire destruction ot the protective system. * ' *
I saw, in 1832, that a great crisis had arisen. I saw, on the one
hand, that we were menaced with a speedy destruction of the
entire protective system; while, on the other, I beheld one msm •
bar of the Confederacy," &c.
And as having an important and intimate con-
nection with this part of the subject, we must not
forget the vetoes of the President to several bills,
appropriating money for purposes of internal im-
provement Commencing between the years 1803
and 1812, with the Cumberland road, the power had
been slowly and constantly extending itself; until,
in 1825 and 1828, it had embraced several works
H
in different parts of the Union, and the expendí-
tu.es for these purposes had r sen from $165,670 5>-
m the former penod, to $3,112,419 01 in the lat-
ter; and had u notb.-en foi this old man of 'iron
will," it would, at this time, have comprehended
every object < f internal improvement, either of a
local or nation*! character, in the Union, and have
ab<orbed al' the revenues of the Gorerament.
General Jackson, in his message (December 1st,
1834,) say-:
"Yet wo all know that, notwithstand nt; *hese grave objec-
tions, th s dinserous doc'rine was at one time apparency pro-
ceeding to its final establishment with fearful tapi iity. The
desire to embark the Federal Government in works of internal
improvement prevailed, in the higaeet degree, duung the first
session of the first Congress tha- I had the honor to meet in my
present situation When the bill, authorizing a subscription
on the part of theUn.wd States, lor stock in the Maysville and
L°xmgton Turnpike C tnpany, passed the two Houses, there
had been reponed, by the Committees on Internal Im, rove-
msnts, bills contamine appropriations for surn objects, inclu
sivc of those lor the Cumberland road, and lor harbors and
light-houses, to the amount of alout one hundred and six mil-
lions of dollars. In thi^amount was included authority to the
Secretary of the Tieasury to subscribe fur the stock of diffe-
rent companies to a great extent, anil the residue was principal-
ly for the direct construction ol roads by this Government. In
addiuon to these projects, which had been presented to the two
Houses under the sanction and recommendation of their re-
spective Committees on Internal Imprevements, there were
then still pending before the com mittees, and in memorials pre-
sented, hut not referred, different proiects for works of a similar
character, the expense of which cannot be estimated withcer-
tamtv, but must have exceeded one hundred millions of dol-
lars."
Now let us turn to the proofs of the firmness of
this President in resisting the exercise of a power,
which many patriotic men consider the most fruit-
ful parent of profuse and profligate expenditure,
and thus subversive of the purity and stability of
our institutions. On the 27th May, 1830, he re-
turns to the House, with his objections, a "bill au-
thorizing a subscription of stock in the Maysville,
Washington, Paris, and Lexington Turnpike Com-
pany,'' of 1,500 shares—(amount not stated.) On
the Hist May, he returns to the Senate a "bill to
authorize a subscription of stock in the Washing-
ton Turspike Company," for 4,500 shares, equal
to $90,000. On the 31st May, 1830, he returns a
bill from the House, making appropriations for
building light-houses, light-boats, beacons, and
monuments, placing buoys, and for improving har-
bors, and directing surveys, amounting to $430,493;
also an aet to authorize a subscription of stock in
the Louisville and Portland Canal Company, for
1,000 shares, equal to $100,000. December
6, 1832, returns to the House "an act for the
improvement of certain harbors, and the
navigation of certain rivers, containing appropria-
tions to the amount of #554,869. June 30, 1834,
retains]a bill from the Senate "to improve the navi-
gation of the Wabash river.appropnating $20,000."
Andas further showing his determination by the
use of his veto, to resist improvident appropria-
tions, it may be remarked here, that, on the 6'h
Dec. 1832,he returned to the Senate""a bill providing
for the final settlement of the claims of the Statssfor
interest on advances to the United States made
during the last war." And though no amount is
stated in the bill, it was well understood that its
passage would involve an expenditure of upwards of
a million. Senator Hill estimated at $1,300,000.
Now it was not so much on account of the amount
of appropriations in these bills for purposes of in-
ernal improvement, that the country approved of
the vetoes of them: it was the limitation which was
attempted to be placed on a most dangerous power;
and though it has continued to be exercised, arid
the expenditures under it have been constant in-
creasing, yet all candid persons will admit, whether
agreeing with the Presiden tin hi? views of theconstt-
tutional limitation or not,that his vetoes gave a check
at least to this class of appropriations. It is notori-
ous that the party opposed to the then Administration
had labored hard to divert the funds of the na-
tion from the payment of the public debt, and ap-
ply them to purposes of internal improvement.
Even after the power had been signally rebuked
in the manner he had mentioned, its friends endea-
vored to maintain it, by forcing every work with-
in the limits, admitted by the President for its ex-
ercise. It was under this influence, and perhaps
a hope that the power would ultimately triumph,
that the Committee on Manufactures, in the session
of 1831 and 1832, would not consent to a larger re-
