April, 1840.
26th Cowg.."1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-m
II     II    Mill!
Appropriation Bill—Mr. McKay.
H. of Reps.
duction. Thus: "ihey ask that a portion of the
common treasure should continue to be applied to
great works of internal improvements." "This por-
tion," they think, "should not only be unimpaired,
but increased, inconsequence of the removal of
the burden of the public debt. Internal improve-
ment is, itself, the most effective means of
providing for the common defence—the defence
common, not only to the whole people, our cotem-
poraries of the present age, bat common to our
posterity of numberless after generations." It
mnst be obvious to all, who have at all attended to
the history of our legislation, for the last twenty
years, that the tariff and internal improvements
were parts of the same system, and that one could
not be supported without the othe. Hence the ad-
vocates of the former were disposed to favor the
latter, by opposing, as far they dare to do, the re-
mission of duties.
This is a brief history of what had been accom-
plished in the way of reduction of revenue during
the administration of Jackson. He (Mr. M'K.)
did not claim for Jackson and his friends the whole
credit of it. What he insisted on as entirely just to
them, was, that if they were held responsible for the
increase in the amount of expenditures, they should
receive at least some credit for the earnest, repeated,
and often successful efforts which they made to re-
lieve the people from unnecessary taxation. Though
the President d'd not recommend, in his three next
annual messages, any further changes in the tariff
laws, as the effects of the reductions which were
then in progress upon the revenue, could not be
distinctly foreseen; yet he earne tly and respectfully
pressed upon Congress the importance of abstaining
from all appropriations which were no absolutely
required for the public interests, and authorized by
the powers clearly delegated to the United States.
Thus, in his message of December 3, 1833, he
said:
" We are beginning a new era in our Government. The na-
tional debt, which has so long been a burden on the Treasury,
will be finally discharged in the coarse of the ensuing year.
No mors money will alterwards be needed than what may be
necessary to meet the ordinary expenses of the Government.
Now ÍB the proper moment to fix our system of expenditures
on firm Mad durable principles, and I cannot too strongly urge
the {necessity of a rigid economy, and an inflexible determina-
tion not to enlarge the income beyond the real necessities of the
Government, and not to increase the wants of the Government
by unnecessary and profuse expenditures. If a contrary course
be pursued, it may happen that the revenue of 1834 will fall
short of the demands urwm it; and alter reducing the tariff, to
lightens the burdens of t. .a people, and providing for a still fur-
ther reduction, to take effect hereafter, it would be murh to be
deplored, if, at the end of another year, we shall fiad ourselves
obliged to retrace our steps, and impose additional taxes to meet
necessary expenditures."
And, m the same message, he also expressed the
opinion that
" The rule as now fixed by law on the various articles, was
adopted at the last session oi Congress, as a matter of compro-
mise, with unusual unanimity, and unless it is found to pro-
duce more than the necessities of the Government call for,
there would seem to be no reason, at this tune, to-justify a
change."
Such were his sentiments—a disposition to re-
spect the compromise act, unless it was found to
prodoce more ihin :he wants of the Government,
and, at the same time, not to increase those wants
by profuse and unnecessary expenditures, until, in
1836, towards the close of his spendid civil career,
when, finding that the revenue continued to accu-
mulate, in a manner unexpected to every one, he,
at the session which commeaced in December of
that year, again invited the attention of Congress
to the subject. In his annual message of that year
he say-:
" Considering the intimate connection of the subject with the
financial interests of the country, and its great importance, in
whatever aspect it can be viewed, I have bestowed upon it the
most anxious reflection, and feel it to be my duty to state to
Congress such thoughts as hive occurred to me. to aid their de-
liberations, in treating it in the manner best calculated to con-
duce to the common good.
"Tne experience of other nations admonished us to hasten
the extinguishment of the public debt, but it will be in vain
that ws have congratu ated each other upon the disappearance
of this evil, if we do not guard against the equally gieat one of
promoting the unnecessary accumulation of pub'ic revenue.
No political maxim is belter established than that winch tells us
that an improvident expenditure of money is the parent of pro-
fligacy, and that no people can hope to perpetuate their liber-
ties who long ai-qmcce in a policy which taxes them lor ob-
jects not necKesai y to the legitimate and real wants of their Go-
vernment. Flattering as is the coiidi ion of our country at the
present period, because of its unexampled advance in all the
steps oí sWcial and political improvement, it cannot be disguised
that there u a lurking danger already apparent in the neglect of
this warning truth, and that the time has arrived when tl>e re-
presenlauves of the people should be employed in devising
ion  more appropriate remedy than now existe, to avert it.
"Under our present revenue system, there is every probabi-
lity that there will continue to be asurplus. beyond the wants of
the Government; and it has become our duty to decide whether
such a result be consistent with the true objects of our Govern-
ment.
"Should a surplus he permitted to accumulate, beyond the
appropriations, it must be retained in the Treasury, as it now
is, or distributed among the people or the Stales.
"To retain it in the Treasury, unemployed in any way, is im-
practicable. It is, besides, against the genius of our free insti-
tions to lock up in vaults the treasure of the nation. To take
from the people the right of bearing arms, and put their wea-
pons of defence in the hands of a standing army, would be
scarcely more dangerous to their liberties, than to permit the
Government to accumulate immense amounts of treasure, be-
yond the supplies necessary to its legitimate wants. Such a
treasure would doubtless be employed, at some time, as it has
been in other countries, when opportunity tempte I ambition.
l'To collect it merely for distribution to the States, would
seem to be highly impolitic, if not as dangerous as the propo-
sition te retain it in the Treasury. The shortest reflettion must
satisfy every one, that to require the people to pay taxes
to the Government merely that they may be paid back again,
is sporting with the substantial interests of the country, and
no system which produces #uch a result can be expected to
receive the public countenance. Nothing could be gained by
it, even if each individual, wto contributed a portion of the tax,
could receive back promptly the same poition. But it is ap-
parent that no system of the kind can ever be enforced, which
will not absorba considerable portion of the money to be distri-
buted in salaries and commissions to the agents employed in the
process, and in the various losses and depreciations which arl*e
fiom other causes; and the practical effect of such an attempt
must ever be to burden the people with taxes, not for purposes
beneficial to them, but to swell ihe profits of deposite banks,
and support a band of useless public officers.
"The safest and simplest mode of obviating all the difficulties
which have been mentioned, is, to collect only revenue enough
to meet the wants of the Government, atjd let the people keep
the balance of their propery in their own hands, to be used for
their own profit. Each S:ate will then support its own Go-
vernment, and contribute ns<lue share towards thesupportof
the General Government. There would be no surplus to cramp
and lessen the resources of individual wealth and enterprise,
and the banks would be left to their ordinary means."
And a bill was brought into the Senate by its
Committee of Finance, proposing a further reduc-
tion on about three million*; and it actually
passed that body by nearly a party vote, the
friends of the Administration voting for it, and its
opponents against it. Thus much as to that por-
tion of our revenue receivable from customs. He
might proceed further, and allude to the resolu-
tions moved by himself in the House, in the ses-
sion of 1835 and '36; to the bill reported by Mr.
Cambreleng, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, and to which the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Corwii ,] informed us he was opposed, in the
session of 1836 and '37, both proposing a reduc-
tion and both movements generally supported by the
friends of the Administration; but he deemed it un-
necessary. It may be safely affirmed that the Pre-
sident, and at least a majority of his friends in Con-
gress, were in favor of bringing dawn that part of
our revenue to the wants of the Government, eco-
nomically administered.
As to Mr. Van Buren, there has been no occa-
sion, since his election to the Presidency, that
made it necessary or proper, in his communica-
tions to Coneress, to recommend any reduction of
the revenue from this source. The great revul-
sion that occurred in 1837, caused a great falling
off in the receipts from the customs; so that in that
year lhey amounted to $II, 169,290; and in 1838,
$16,158,800 36-somewhat more lhan in 1837.
Now in resp;ct to the public lands. There have
been no material chanee< made in the laws regu-
lating them since 1820, the minimum price of
01 25 per acre, then fixed, not being altered; and
notwithstanding ihs, the receipts from this source
have been unusually large. It appears from the
tab'es in one of the documents, that the whole
amount received from 1789 to 1839, was $106,-
021,938 11, of which $75,075,404 97 was receiv-
ed from 1829 to 1839. This fact, showing the most
extraordinary increase, should teach us caution in
judging public events, or in expressing praise or
censure on any of the measures ot an Administra-
tion. No one had expected so large an increase.
He had already ¿hown that Mr. M'Lane, in 1832,
did not estimate the receipts from this source high-
er than $3,000,000. Mr. Caihoun, in his patro-
nage report, as late as 1835, estimated them at
$3,500,000 on'y. Various causes, however, con-
uibutedto produce this increase. The extinguish-
ment of the Ind an titles to extensive tracts of va-
luable land in several of the Siattá and Territo-
ries—the great number of foreigners, who have
within the last few years emigrated to this country
and settled in the West, and the spirit of specula-
u
tion, fostered in some degree by Our banking sjr*^'
tern, seized hold of the public domain, as a subject^ '
upon which to opeiatf, and thusa greater quantity1
of it was was sold than was required forsrttle-,
ment.   As soon as this latter operation became ap-
parent—that the lands were passing into the hand**''
of speculators in exchange for bank credits—sth 1'
President took decided steps to arrest it.   All 'wiUu
re-ollect the celebrated specie circular and the re* l(l
commendation in his annual message in 1836", trj '-
confine the sales of the public lands  to actual fct-
tiers.   It is known that a bill did pass the Se*"
nate by a party vote, the friends of the Admhtis- ''
traii .n voting for it, providing for the latterobject ~
With regard to the former measure, he would ,
not now discuss either its legality or policy, both of'"1"'
which have been so much questioned.   He thought' "
that he might safely assert, that the immediate ef- '■
feet of it was to check the sales—to prevent a far 
ther exchange of ihe rith and valuable lands of tha
Government, in the Souih and West,for depreciated,""
and perhaps worthless bank paper, and that it has-
tened the crisis in the moneiary affairs of the coun- '
try which soon after occurred; and that it also di-  '
minished the intensity of that crisis, by preventing '
the further extension of bank paper, which would '
otherwise have taken place.   His regret was that '
it had not been issued earlier, for if it had been, a
good deal of the pressure that was afterwards felt
would have been avoided.   It may also be ob- "'
served here, that a considerable proportion, per*
haps one-half, of the receipts from the sales ofthe' t
public lands from 1830 to 1839, were frdm ÜMtt' "•
part of them that had been acquired from the
Indians within that period; so that in the year   ll
1835, '6, and '7, when the sales were so heavy1/the   "
Government was only getting back the moneys
that it had previously laid out in the purchase of
the very lands it had thus sold.                           '"\ l
Mr. McK then insisted that these various acts, the1 '•
history of which he had endeavored to trace, hav-   '
ing failed to prevent an accumulation of a lurplué
in the Treasury, the existence of that  surplc**
was one cause of the increase in the expenditure;
If the money was collected, it must be spent, i
would be ruinou#to the best interests of the coun 
try to hoard its public revenues.   A distinguished   ■
Senator has said:
"Experience has abundantly proved, that lie rohgfSS" there !■
a large surplus in the Treasury, the interests in fáyotfqfíts&jc-
penditure will ever be stronger than that opposed to it; and
that no prudential considerations, arising from the necessity of
accumulating funds to meet future wants, or.the hazard of en-
larging Executive patronage, or the danger of cc
political and public morals of the counrry,'by tuél
fuse expenditure, or any other whatever, are suffice
the temptation.   If one unworthy object of appropriation As j
....prtt/'1
WfceeurtK
defeated, anotner, with no greater claims on the public bounty
or j ustice, will ever stand ready to urge its claims, till the frugal" ■
and patriotic are weaned out with useless and incessant «Jon  '■'
toguard the Treasury."                                          ,    .    ,jp   ¿5
If more money was collected than the proper
wants of the Government required, he must repeat  t
what he had already said, that those who opposed
the adoption of measures to  prevent a surplus, iL
were clearly responsible to the country.   The Pre-, .
sident, who recommended, and the members of
Congress who voted for, the several acts reducing .
reducing revenue, are certainly entitled tojhe <cre-1
dit of diminishing the expenditures, for it must be
apparent to all, that, bad the act of 1828 remained. . ¡
in force, without any alteration of its provisions, ,'
the receipts  under  it  would have been  much"
larger, and the expenditures would probably have    ,
ranged from forty to sixty millions annually, ,,,   -;
Such, he believed, would have been the statg of tj.,
things, had not a check been put to what has befln. , .
called the American system.   In saying this much (I„
in defence of the party with which he usually acted, ^
he did not wLh to be understood as making any f
imputations at all upon the conduct or motives of^,
those who had taken an opposite course.   He waa;j,
aware of the difficulties of the   period through
which we had passed, and would therefore be ex« .,
ceedtnglv circumspect in censuring any one for F>
the part he had acted i  it.   He believed that; ther* ,
were many persons who looked upon the act of 3d, ,
March, 1833, as a compromise of the great con-
troversy respecting the tariff, which had so long a
agitated the country, and who would not, for that
reason alone, support any proposition that might,
in us tendency, if adopted, disturb the principles
upoa which toat Wt WMframetJ,   After all, how
