«02
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1140
26tbí Cono.......1st Seis.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
«ver, that bad been done—after the people had
been relieved from a large amount of taxation in
the manner he had explained—there was still a
large amount in the Treasury, and he would pro- *
ceed to inquire how it had been disposed of, and to
what purposes applied? It will be recollected that
the Constitution expressly provides that no money
shall be drawn from the Treasury except by ap-
propriations made by law. He had already shown
that Congress alone can originate bills for raising
or reducing revenue; so it equally belongs to that
body to direct its expenditure after it has been re-
ceived into the Treasury. Before he would pro-
ceed to examine into the purposes to which the mo-
neys have been applied, he would make a few re
marks upon one or two points that are properly
connected with this part of the subject.
The first relates to the cost of collection, that is,
the expanse incurred by the Government, in taking
the money from the pockets of the people a d
placing it in the common Treasury. It has been
said that the cost has been unusually great during
the present Administration, and that of General
Jackson. In document No. 192, there is a table
showing the rates per cent, caloulattd upon the
basis of the amount of receipts into the Treasury,
and also upon the value of imports. It will be
seen that the rates of cost, calculated upon the lat-
ter basis, are not larger than the rates in previous
years. In respect to the former, it is obvious that
there is a large increase.
Without pretending to jastify this increase, vari-
ous causes can be assigned to account lor it.   1st.
The large angmentation in the quantity of articles of
merchandise imported into the country, which ren-
dered necessary the employment of additional offi-
cers for the prompt and faithful discharge of that
branch of the public business.   2d. The building '
and equipping revenue cutters to supply the places
of others, placed under the direction of the Navy
ana War Departments, to aid in suppressing the
Indian disturbances in Florida, the construction
and maintenance of revenue cutters being a charge
on the accruing revenue.   3d. The disturbances on
the Canada frontier during the last two years have
also increased the custom-house expenses on that ,
extended frontier.   Besides this, the whole recent  i
expense of making sets of weights and measures
for each State, as well as each ciftom-house, is
charged to the collection of the revenue.
Ito be continued.)
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI.
In Senate, Tuesday, May 27, 1840.
BANKRUPT BILL—INCLUSION OF.CORPORATION3.
Mr. BENTON addressed the Chaib, aod said,
that the question now  before the Senate was styled,
in the convention of 1787, aa* extensive and a de-
licate ques'ion; and so, in/fact, it is.   It is the
great question of deírtor jind creditor; a relation
which pervades eve*r ra/ntfication of society, and
which, in all ages, and/n all countries,  has given
the greatest labor to jthe legislative and judicial de-
partments of the Government, and has often been
productive of popular commotions, convulsions,
bloodshed, and even civil wars.   It is a great ques-
tion, and a question of two sides, and of two par-
ties, and one which cannot either justly or safely
be treated in reference to one side or to one party
only, be that side or that party which it may.   The
lawgiver must look at both sides, and must act
justly and impartially in relation to each.   It will
not do to legislate for the creditor, without regard
to the debtor; it will not do to legislate for the
debtor, without regard to the creditor.   Each has
his rights, and these rights must be respected.   No
man becomes the debtor of another, except by get-
ting from him bis money or his property, his labor
or hi* service, or enabling some other person to get
these things, by the loan of his name and the inter-
vention of his credit.     He gets this money or pro-
perty, labor or service, or enables another to get
then?, by promising to pay for them; and this pro-
mise, thus founded on a valuable consideration,
becomes a sacred engagement, which the moral
sense of the world has inves:ed with a character of
inviolable sanctity.   The borrower is bound to re-
turn; the purchaser is bound to pay; the depositary
is bound to restore; the security is bound to see his
engagement fulfilled and,  while the performance
of thrse obligations continues to be possible, the
legislative power cannot  interpose   10   set  them
aside.     Bat, in the vicissitudes of human  af-
fairs—in the casualties of human arrangements—
in the uncertainty of  all human ca'culations, a
compliance with these obligations often becomes
Impossible; and when  that impossibility becomes
manitest, the arm of the law interposes, not to vio-
late an engagement, for that violation has already
taken place; but to ascertain  legally  the fact—to
bring the parties together upon the principle of a
compromise—and  to adjust the relations between
them in view of this unexpected state of things,
and upon the basis of an impossible compliance
with the original contract.   Release from further
liability for a debt under such circumstances, and
after a surrender of the debtor'.? effects has beeu
granted by law, or obtained by compromise, or ex-
torted by force, under a'l foims of Government,
and in all ages and countries.   But, in all these te-
leas s, where the voice of thejaw is heard  at all,
the voice of the creditor is also heard; and he still
has a part to act—an essential and material part—
in the conduct of proceedings  which may end in
the deprivation or extinction of his rights.    He has
a right to examine  thp conduct of hi-s debtor—to
trace his dealings and his mode  of life—to  ascer-
tain  whether his conduct  has been innocent   or
fraudulent—whether his inabltity  is  the  r«sult of
misfcrlnne or misconduct—whether he is a proper
subject for the favor, or for the rebuke of the law;
and, above all, he has the power   (by  having the
right to institute the bankrupt proceedings) to inter-
fere before it is too late—to interfere while there is
something to be saved—and to snatch something
from the wreck of the debtor's estate before the
work of* fraud  or destruction shall  be complete.
All these rights he   has, wherever the law in-
terferes   to   abrogate    his   contract;  and,   more
than   all   these,   he   has   the   right   to   consent
to   the final   result,    by   having   the   right  to
commence    the   proceedings which   lead   to   it.
All these rights belong to the creditor in every
country, and in every case, where law, and not
forct, dissolves the connection between debtor and
creditor.   Thus there are, in the very nature of the
bankrupt question, two sides, and two parties to it—
two sides at the creation of the debt, and two at its
abolition—and, as one or the other of these sides
has been more or less  favored by politicians and
lawgivers, so has the abolition, or enlorcement of
debts, frequently given form and character to the
political parties which  have figured in  all   free
countries, and which must continue to be found in
a'l countries where freedom shall continue to exist.
Relief to the debtors, or assistance to the creditors,
has often been the touchstone, and the basis, of po-
litical parties in the great Republics of antiquity;
and numerous have been the elections which have
been carried, or lost—numerous the civil commo-
tions which have been excited, or quelled—by pro-
positions to abolish the obligation, or to enforce the
collection, of existing debts.   Political parties have
been characterized, and have been held up to ap-
plause, or censure, in consequence of their conduct
in relation to these propositions; and, wi'hout going
back to ancient  times, or abroad   to foreign coun-
tries, to find example?  of these party movements,
familiar to the reading of every Senator, it is suffi-
cient for the  present occasion, and  is pertinent to
the present proceeding,  and may be  profitable  to
the issue of the present question, to remind the Se-
nate and th« country that the birth ar.d origin of
the two great political parties which, undsr what-
soever names, have existed so lung, and  must
always exist in our country while its freedom lass
—the Federal and the Democratic—has been re-
ferred by one whose authority will not be disputed
on the other side—by Chief Justice Marshall—to
their respective conduct in  relation to   this pre-
cise question of debtor and creditor.   That  emi-
nent man, in the most responsible of all his works
__the Life of Washington—so refers the origin of
these parties. In the fifth volume of that work,
at page 85, he traces the rise and formation of the
Federal and Democratic parties among us, making
thsir respective characters to turn upon the con-
duct of each in relation to the sanctity of contracts,
and the emissions of paper money. In this por-
trait of parties, he has given to the Federalists the
honor of" guarding the sanctity of contracts, and
preserving a solid currency: to the Democracy is
assigned the less creditable part of relaxing con-
tracts, and emitting paper money. This is a point
too essential to the historian himself—to the cha-
racter of the two parties—and to their present ac-
tual posiiions in relation to the bills now before the
Senate, involving as they do the exact questions re-
ferred to by the historian; it is a point too essen-
tial to all these parties, to be passed over with a re-
ference and a paraphrase. It is too material to be
mentioned without being cited. It is a case in
which the'historian should have the benefit of his
own words. I owe it to him, and to the occasion,
to read the paragraph entire; and here it is:
"The discontents and uneasiness, arising in a great measure
from the embarrassments in winch a considerable number ot
individuals were involved, continued to become more ex-
tensive. At leneih, two great parlies were formed in every
Stale, which were distinctly marked, and which pursued dis-
tinct objects, with systematic arrangement.
" The one struggled with unaba'ed zeal for the exact observ-
ance of public and private engagements. By those belonging
to it, the faith of a nation or of a private man was deemed a sa-
cred pledge, the violation of which was equally forbidden by
the principles of moral justice, and of sound policy. The dis-
tresses of individuals v-'t re, they thought, to he alleviated only
by industry and frugality, not by a relaxation ot the laws, or
bv a sacrifice of the rights of others. According to the stem
principles laid down lor their government, the imprudent and
idle would not be protected by the Legislature from the conse-
quences of their indiscretion; but should he restrained from in-
volving themselves in difficulties, by the conviction that a rigid
compliance with contracts would be enforced. They were con-
sequently the uniform friends of a regular administration of
justice, and of a vigorous course of taxation, which would ena-
ble the State to comply with its engagements. By a natural as-
sociation of ideas, they were also, with very few exceptions,
in favor of enlarging the powers of the Federal Government,
and of enabling "it to protect the dignity and character of the
nation abroad, and its interests at home. The other party
marked out for itself a more indulgent course. Viewing with
extreme tenderness, the case of the debtor, their efforts were
unceasingly directed to his relief. To exact a faithful com-
pliance with contracts, was, in their opinion, a measure too
harsh to be insisted on, and was one which the people would
not bear. Thry were uniformly in favor of relaxing the ad-
ministration of justice, of affording facilities for the payments
of debts.' or of suspending their collection, and of remitting
taxes. The same course of opinion ledthem to resist every at-
tempt to transfer from their own hands, into those of Congress,
powers by which othTs were deemed essential to the preserva-
tion of the Union. In many of the States, the party last men.
tioned constituted a decided major ty of the people; and in all
of them it was very powerful. The emission of paper money,
the delay of legal proceedings, and the suspension of the col-
lection of taxes, were the fruits of their rule, wherever they
were completely dominant. Even where they failed in carry-
ing their measures, their strength was such as to encourage the
hope of succeeding in a future attempt; and annual elections
held forth to them the prospect of speedily repairing the loss of
a favorite question.
"Throughout the tlnion.the contest between these parties was
periodically revived; and the public mind was perpetually agi-
tated with hopes and fears on subjects which essentially affect-
ed the fortunes of a considerable portion of the society."
I do not read this paragraph, (said Mr. B.) for
the purpose of objecting to the character attributed
to the Democratic party. I do not mean to defend
them from what is here said. I am one of those
who believe that every man, and every party,
writes bis own, and its own character—that they
wrile it in their actions—and that it is in vain to
impute, or to ascribe, characters which actions do
not justify. It is not to defend the Democracy that
I read this paragraph; in fact it is not for them that
I read it at all. I read it for the gentlemen of the
Federal party—for the purpose of holding up to
those gentlemen a mirror which reflects for them
an elevated character—for the purpose of exhort-
ing them to act up to that high character, and not
to exchange it for the inferior one imputed to the
Democracy.
I new proceed, Mr. President, to examine the
question before the Senate, and to apply to it the
principles which, in my opinion, should govern a
system of bankrupt laws.
Three members of the Judiciary Committee
have reported one bill; two members have reported
another; and these two bills emanate from the two
political parties which, under whatsoever names,
have existed in this country for fifty years. One
of thfse bi'ls proposes relief to existing debtors,
and no more. It proposes to legislate for volun-
tary bankrupts alone, and for those debts alone
which now exist; for the bill is limited to twoy*ars'
duration, and cannot he expected to find many
new cases to act upon in that short time, and in
the present stagnation of business and paralysis
