May, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
26th Cong*•♦•1st Sess.
Bankrupt. Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
of credit. It is, then, a partial and temporary act,
retrospective, not prospective in its opeiation, and
solely directed to the relief of debtots, without
looking to the security of creditors. It is a one
sided bill, for the abolition of debts—eiisting
debts—at the will of the debtor, and no more-
The other is a general bill, looking to the rights
of creditors as well as to the relief of debtors-
intended for the future as well as the present and
the past—applicable to corporations as well as to
persoas__embracing the compulsory as well as the
voluntary feature—and making provisions for
those who are not, as well as those who are,
technically merchants and traders.
These are the twe bills, and certainly no two
things of the same name could be more dissimilar
in their import and character. One is a system,
the other a special act. One proposes a general
rule for the regulation of all contracts—the other
proposes an absolntion of the existing debts. Both
are styled systems in their enacting clause; but one
only presents a system. The other proposes noth-
ing but a relief law.
The majority of the committee has reported
one; a minority has reported the other; and the
question is, not which shall we pass (for we have
not yet arrived at the question of passing) but which
shall be preferred for consideration? which of the
two we shall take up, discuss, consider, amend,
perfect, and ripen, if we can, into a law? This is
the question; and, in its decision, I have no hesi-
tation. I prefer the general to the special bill: I
prefer the bill of the minority; not that I agree to
it as reported (for there is much in it to which I
object;) but because it is general, not special—a
system, and not a temporary, one sided law—
because it is a bankrupt law, and not an insolvent
law. It contains the leading features which a
uniform law on the subject of bankruptcies ought
to contain; and is susceptible of the amendments
which may render it acceptable.
This being my preference between the bills, I
will proceed to state the reasons why I object to
the one, and advocate the other.
I object to the bill of the majority because it is
unconstitutional—because it is a bill wholly un-
warranted by the clause in the Constitution which
authorizes Congress to pass uniform laws on the
subject of bankruptcies. The fir ^t idea of such
laws are, that they are to be prospective—that they
are to look forward—that they are to operate upon
future cases—and to fumish a rule of action for
creditors and debtors to govern themselves by in
time to come. Admitting that the law may take
in existing cases, yet to limit it to such cases, as
this bill of the majority virtually does, is to reduce
it to the character of a mere insolvent law. It is
te take in all existing cases, and it is only to con-
tinue in force two years. This may be time
enough for existing debtors to avail themselves of
its provisions; but it can have little or no operation
on future cases: it can furnhh no rule of action
for the future governm?nt of the community; and
the very nature and object of law, and especially
of a system of law, and, above all, of a system to
govern contracts, should be prospective in it-> ope-
ration; it should relate to the future, and should be
known to the community, that they should he able
to govern themselves by it. I do not object to the
inclusion of present cases, but to the exclusion of
future ones: I object to an act which is both tem-
porary and retrospective—which exclades the fu-
ture, and embraces only one side of the past. Such
an act could not have come within the comtempla-
tion of the Constitution; and, if adopted, must set
the example of a succession of these acts for the
abolition" of debts as ofien as the debtors become
sufficiently numerous to make their power be felt.
I object to the act because it has no feature of a
bankrupt law in it, and became I deny our con-
stitutional power to pass an act, under the name
of a bankrupt system, which has no feature of a
bankrupt law in it—nothing which discriminates
those laws from common insolvent, or relief laws.
Without at all limiting the power of Congress to
the adoption of the English statutes on this sub-
ject—without limiting ourselves to the adoption of
something which may be found in the English le-
gislation; without at alt limiting oar power to this
narrow basis, I must still insist that there are cer-
tain essential characteristics of a bankrupt law,
known   to the world, and contemplated   by our
Constitution, and which it is not in ihe power of
Congress to  disregard.   The most   prominent   of
these features is the   right of the creditor to save
something, out of the estate of the debtor, before
it is too late—his right to interfere, and stop waste
or fraud, before it is too late.   In every system of
bankruptcy ever known, the creditor is an actor; he
begin*, or continues the proceeding; and he com-
mences it at the time when  his  interest requires
him to do so—when he sees fraud or waste going on;
and by thus arresting the career of his debtor, and
divesting him of his estate, he impliedly gives his
cousem to the final discharge in consideration of
getting possession of all that the debtor owns. This
is a feature in all bankrupt laws: it is an equita-
ble provision; it is  a fundamental principle; nor
can I conceive of a law without it.   I cannot con-
ceive of a bankrupt law which does not embrace
this feature; and the bill of the majority does not
embrace it.   Under this bill the   cieditor may see
waste and fraud gaing on—he may see his debtor
consuming, hiding,or alienating his estate—and-yet,
under this bill, he could do nothing to arrest such
conduct. It is in vain to say that he may go to the
State laws: the bankrupt system must be complete
in itself, and must not look to the State laws for
the one half of its operation.   I object to a bank-
rupt act as unconstitutional,which leaves the remedy
exclusively to the will of the debtor; and that is
precisely what this bill proposss to do.
Sir, this is one of the most delicate powers which
Congress can exercise", and one which it should be
most careful not to transcend or mistake. It is an
intervention between debtor and creditor. It goes,
not merely to the alteration, but to the annihila-
tion of contracts. The Constitution has forbid the
Slates to do any thing to impair the obligation of
contracts. It has granted Congress the power to
make bankrupt laws; and these laws go to the ex-
tinction of the contract. But how? Not by pass-
ing acts, from time to time, for the abolition of
debts at the will of the debtor, but by making the
discharge of the debt the joint act of the creditor
and debtor; the creditor instituting the proceeding,
or being ruled into it by a majority in interest, and
thereby assenting to it. I grant that the power of
Congress is full over the subject of bankruptcies,
but I deny that this power can be fairly exercised
in the enactment of a temporary, one-3ided, exclu-
sively retrospective bill for the abolition of debts at
the will of the debtor. I deny that it can be fairly
exercised in the abolition of existing debts, under
the mock name of a system of bankruptcy. It is
a delicate power, denied to the States, granted to
Congress, and which Congress must exercise ac-
cording to the intent of the grant, and not wantonly
according to the will and pleasure of a majority for
the time being.
Objecting to the bill, as I do, upon constitutional
grounds, I should still oppose it, even if our con-
stitutional power to pass it was clear and undoubt-
ed. I object to the bill for its principle, and for its
details, and for its effect upen the present age, and
upon posterity. The principle of the bill is, that
every person owing debts may, at his own will,
and by going through a process which he himself
commences, be absolved from all liability for his
debts. This is the principle; and the details are
such as to deprive the creditor of all effective
agency in the conduct of a proceeding which is
commenced without his conseat. The present ef-
fect, as gen'ilemen say, is to release 500,000 debtors
from future obligation to pay their debts; of course
to deprive an equal number of rights and means on
which they relied. Its future effect must be to se
an example for the repetition of such laws as often
as the debtor class becomes numerous and power-
ful; and to teach the rising generation a facile way
to get rid of their obligations, after squandering the
money and property which they had obtained upon
the faith of paying for it. Nothing, in my opinion,
could be more objectionable than the priaciple of
the bill.
The details of the bill aggravate its principle,
and go to deprivei the creditor of all real or effec-
tive check over a proceeding which is commencsd
wiihout his consent, and which may end in the an-
nihilation of his rights. The details are these: any
person'whatsoever, owing debts, not less in amouat
than the sum of------dollars, may go into the
district court of the United States for the district in
which he then resides, or into the superior court of
the Territory in which he then resides, or in the
superior court for the District of Columbia, if he
then resides in this District, and file a declaration
on oath, or affirmation, averring himself to be una-
ble to pay his debts, and upon this declaration the
court shall decree him to be a bankrupt. (Sec. 1.)
The court is to be always open for the reception of
these declarations, and the proceedings upon them
are to be speedy and summary. (See. 6.) No re-
cord at large is to be kept, but only papers filed,
and memorandums kept by the clerk. (Seo. 13. The
properly of the bankrupt is legally divested out of
him, and vested in assignees, by a decree of the
court, to which the creditor is not a party, and he
becomes entitled to a full discharge on. the surren-
der of his property, (Sec. 3 and 4,) but the certifi-
cate and discharge shall not be granted until .,
days after the decree of bankruptcy, nor until after
twenty days' notice in some newspaper, designated
by the court, for the creditor to come in and con-
test the right to the discharge. (Sec 4.) Onap-
pearing, the creditor may prevent the discharge,
by proving that the debtor has made alienations of
his property or preferences, or payments among his
creditors, in contemplation of taking the benefit of
this act; (Sec. 2;) or has been guilty of fraud, or wil-
ful concealment of his property, or has wilfully
disobeyed the orders of the court, or has lost at
gaming or* betting, within oae year before the
decree of bankruptcy, at any one or more times,
the sum  of------dollars.    By proving any one
of these things, (on a part of which the debtor may
be interrogated under the direction of the court)
the discharge may be prevented. The final dis-
charge of the debt may be prevented; but the de-
cree of bankruptcy is not reversed. It is net set
aside. It stands; and the creditor's rights in rela-
tion to his debtor, and bis property, are entirely
changed. All his remedies and proceedings against
him—all his suits depending against him, and not
ripened into judgments—all his measures for se-
curing himself, are suddenly arrested. The con-
nection between himself and bis debtor is dissolved.
He has to arrange with a new party—assignees—
to prove his debt for them to settle it, and to take
his chance for a pro rata distribution with other
creditors out of the surrendered effects—(Sec. 5.)
If he does not do this—if he does not come in and
prove his debts, (and it will be shown that he will
have but little chance to do so,) he loses all right
to any part of the bankrupt's estate, for the whole
is to go to those who appear and prove their debts
—(Sees. 3 and 5.)
These are the details; and now let us examine
them, and see their practical operation and bear-
ing, and ascertain how far they open the door to a
general and rapid abolition of debts, and how far
they go to give, or to deny to the creditor, any
rights or powers in instituting or conducting a pro-
ceeding which may end in converting all the notes
and bonds in his possession into so much waste
paper.
1. The debtor chooses his time for instituting the
proceedings and making the surrender of his pro-
perty; and what time will he choose? Upon all
the principles of human action, what time will he
choose? He will certainly choose the time which
will suit himself; and that will be after hope is ex-
tinguished, and after his property is exhausted.
He will surrender his property when the surrender
will be of no avail to his creditor. And here lies
the great distinction between this act, which is
nothing but an insolvent law, and a real bankrupt
law, which always gives the creditor the right to
choose the time for instituting proceedings and di-
vesting the property. The creditor would choose
the time when there was something to be saved;
the debtor, when there was Uttle or nothing. What
will the creditors receive in the distribution of an
estate so surrendered? Under the best circumstan-
ces, and where the creditor chooses his time, the
expenses often swallow up the principal part of the
surrendered effects.   The assignee's eipenses, anil
*árifó-* Í?S
