Mar, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
26th Cong"««1st Sbss.
Bankrupt Bill—Air. Benton.
Senate.
are now suffering.   How quickly a bankrupt law
would put an end to such a scandal!
All declaim against the misconduct of the local
banks; all call for an authority which can extend
its power to the whole of them—a national power,
which can reach and regulate them all.   This is
the excuse for a National Bank—it is the founda-
tion for the demand for the renewal of such an in-
stitution.   The want of a regulator is so keenly felt
by many, that they are willing to take one which is
not named in the Constitution—which has proved
itself to be ina'equate to the task of regulating
others, and to need itself more regulating than any
other.   To all such we present the true regulator,
in the bankrupt law, which Congress can establish
at any moment that it pleases.   There is a regu-
lator named in the Constitution, fully adequate to
its object, and needing no regulation itself.   A
bankrupt law, applicable to trading and money
dealing corporations, would regulate all the banks
in the Union; and that without the infliction of a
single evil which results from a National Bank.
National Bank, and put an end to evils from which
they expect political advantages.   For these rea-
sons they oppose it; and for these reasons the De-
mocracy  should demand  it.      A  banktupt   law
against banks should become  the rallying point
with Democracy.     All good citizens who have
thought a National Bank justifiab'e as a regulator,
will perceive that the Constitution presents a real
regulator, which it depends upon the people to adopt
it any time.
These are the benefits—a few of them—which
would result from the inclusion of banks in a bank-
rapt law. They are great and striking, and such
It would be a constitutional, efficient, and innocent
regulator. It would supersede the call foi a Na-
tional Bank, and therefore is opposed by all the
friends of such a bank. It would remedy all the
existing evils in the currency, and therefore is op
posed by all those who wish those evils to continue
until the present dominant political parly is over-
thrown. As a party, the Federalists are opposed
to the extension of the bankrupt process to banking
corporations, and that for the precise reason that
 nch a remedy would extinguish thsir call for a
as mast arrest public attention; and now what are
the reasons against including them? Gentlemen
will pardon me. I do not mean to undervalue
their speeches, or to disparage their capacity. I
do not mean to say that they cannot give reasons
when reasons exist, though it is hard thing to give
them when they do not exist. I have heard their
objections, but not their reasons. I have heard
them object to the inclusion of these corporations,
because they were State institutions, and held char-
ters from State authority. 1 have heard these ob-
jsctions, but no reasons to support them; and now
it shall be my task to show that no reasons can be
brought to sustain such objections.
Certainly nothing is more respectable—nothing
more worthy of inviolate regard—than the rights
of the States.   But what are those rights?   Are
ihey capricious and unbounded? or are they limited
to what is right in itself, and to what is not forbid
in the Constitution of the United State*? Certainly
they are so limited; and at this point I meet the ob-
jection.   I say the States have no right to do a
thing which is morally wrong, or which is forbid-
den in the Constitution; and this is the precise
point at which we find ourselves.   Leaving out of
view altogether the question of the right of the
States to charter banks to i=sue circulating notes
convertible into specie at the will of the holder—
leaving that question entirely of view as having
nothing to do with the present inquiry—we come
to the point of circulating inconvertible and depre-
ciated paper; and boldly affirm that no State has a
right to do it, or to empower others to do it.   The
circulation of such paper is wrong in itself—it is mo-
rally wrong—and jt is forbidden by the express words
of the Federal Constitution. No State shall emit bills
of credit: no Sta'e ¿hall make any thing but gold and
silver a tender in di-charge of debts: no State shall
make any law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts.   Such are the injunctions of the  Constitu-
tion; and surely the circulation of depreciated bank
notes, by State authority, is a clear and palpable
violation of these clauses.   A question has been
raised whether a bank note itself was not a bill of
credit; and it has only escaped condemnation on
that point on the allegation of its convertibility
into specie at the will of the holder.    On   this al-
leged character it has escaped condemnation. Con-
vertibility alone has saved it.   When it ceases to
be convenible it degenerates at once, without ques-
tion or dispute, into a bill of credit, and falls under
the prohibition of the Constitution.    It is to no
puipase to say that people may receive them or
not—that they are not by statute made a legal
tender.   It is to no purpose to allege  this.   Often
it is not true.   OAen these notes are made an alter-
native tender: it is to take them, or get nothing far
a long time.   Every authorized suspension is an
authorized tender of depreciated paper; and even
without these legislative enactments these depre-
ciated notes become a forced tender as often as the
banks chose to stop payment, and force their paper
upon the community.   They then become a torced
tender.     No man can help himself.    Specie is
banished from circulation.   It ceases to be a cur-
rency.   Those who want it must purchase it in the
market, and pay the price for it which the holders
chose to demand.   The currency of the Constitu-
tion is superseded by the currency of the banks.
A confederacy of broken banks make their notes
the forced tender in discharge of every debt, thereby
impairing the obligation of contracts, and setting
all law and all government at defiance.   And this
is to be called State rights!   This is to be called a
right of the States'.   Sir, I repeat: the States have
rights—real  and   respectable rights—only to be
parted from with their existence.   They have these
right'-; and, far from   being vindicated,  they are
disparaged and brought into disrepute by appeal-
ing to the«e rights to cover this conduct of the
banks.    The circulation of depreciated paper is
immoral and unconstitutional, and it is a difgrace
to State rights to call them in to cover and protect
such unjustifiable conduct.
The charters of these institutions are also in-
voked to justify their conduct. They have char-
ters, it is said, from the State*; and these charters
give them privileges which Congress cannot touch.
Sir, wi'hout questioning the rights of the Slates to
grant charters, I must say that there are limits to
these rights—that no State has a right to grant
charters exempting a portion of its citizens from
the fundamental laws of society, and the eternal
principles of justice. What is a charter? It is a
bit of paper, purchased with money most usually,
and authorizing a man, or a company of men, to
carry on some trade, or bnsiness, with privileges
and exemptions not granted to the rest of the com-
munity. This is a charter; and these who have
money can buy them; and the more they are able
to give, the more valuable and extensive will be
the charter they obtain. Thus, the managers of
the Bank of the United States gave Pennsylvania
four millions of dollars for a charter of thirty years,
and thirty-five millions of dollars, and, under the
mask of this char'er, have twice produced a sus-
pension of specie payments, and inflicted the great-
est evils on the whole country. The very institu-
tion which is now the Pandora's box of America,
gave four millions of dollars for its privilege to
scourge and plunder the country; and is the cry of
charter to protect these crimes, and authorize
this institution to go on trampling on all laws, hu-
man and divine, and filling the whole Union with
distress and ruin? If it is, then we know what the
value of money is in our country, and how far our
principles of equality go. Those who have no
money to pay a bonus, and to purchase chartered
exemptions from the laws of the land, must sub-
mit to these laws: those who have money may buy
themselves off from the operation of the laws.
This is the effect of a charter according to the no-
lions of those who would plead chartered privi-
leges in favor of an exemption from the bankrupt
laws. The Constitution gives Congress full power
over all bankrupts; the banks are the greatest and
the worst of the bankrupts; but Congress is not to
touch them because tbey have purchased a bit of
paper from the States, filled with privileges and
exemptions from the law! Sir, the constitutional
power of Congress cannot be nullified in this man-
ner; and if it could, then all the rich would bi-
corne exempt from our power, arid leave none but
the poor for the operation of our laws.
In England, all ihe bank--, except the Bank of
England itself, are subject to thr bankrupt pro-
cess; and it is within the bounds of moderation to
say that five handled commissions of bankruptcy
have issued against banks in that kingdom within
the last forty year . Nearly one hundred have
been issued m a single season of financial revul-
sion; such as the papei system is subject to there,
and when-ver it exists. Ih the years 1814, 15, and
16, no le«s than ninety-two commissions of bank-
ruptcy were issued against these establishments.
The con;equence wa-. the immediate winding up
of their affairs-—the collection of the debts due
from iheir officers—the equitahlc distribution of
their effects among ilmr cieditori—and the com-
plete pioteettnn of the communry against the circu-
lation of tlu ir deprecíale! paper. These batiks were
not incorporated; thevdiJ not hold charters but they
were banks legally e*ul>lnhe''; existing under an
act of Parliament, and many of them fai trans-
cending in amount of capital, and m the number
of their stockho'ders nine t<nt i5 of the I anks of
this country. Formerly the pjitners in all incor-
porated companies, were liable to the penalties of
bankruptcy in England. They u ere liable under
the statute of Elizabeth, and so continued until the
profligate reign of Charles the Second. In that
reign a commission of bankruptcy was issued
against a member of the East India Company—a
knight—Sir John Wolstenholme by name—and the
issue of it was affirmed in the court of king's bench
on appeal to that tribunal.    A servile Parliament
! I  annulled the judgment by law, and passed another
law to prevent such judgments from being given in
■ future. Tnus, the members of the most powerful
corpora'ions—even of the giganuc East India Com-
pany itself—were subject to this remedy until re-
leased from it by the interference ef Parliament,
and that during the reign of such a monarch as
Charles the Second. This is a material point ia
our case, and the proof of it shall be made clear.
I will read the two acts of Parliament to which I
refer, and make good the positions which I have
assumed. Here are copies of th? two act :
First act, to annul Ihe judgment.
"Whereas, a verdict and judgment was liad in tlie Easter
Term of the King's Bench, whereby S r John Wolstenholme,
Knight, and adventurer in the Ea t India Company, was found
liable to a commission of bankiupt only foi, and by reason of a
share which lie had in tiie joint ¡,t >tk ufsaij company: Now,
&c. be it enacted, that the sod judgment be revetted, annulled
vacated, and foi nought held," &c.
Second act, to prevent similar judgments in future.
"Whereas divers noblemen, and gentlemen, and persons of
quality, no ways bred up to trade, do often put in great stocks
of money into the East India and Guinea Company: Be it en
acted, that no persons, adventurers for putting in money or
merchandise into the said companies, or for venturing or ma-
naging the fishing trade, called the royal fishing trade, shall be
reputed, or taken to be a merchant or trader within any sta-
tutesfor bankrupts."
Thuc, sir, this important point is made clear.
Under the great statute of Elizabeth, the members
of all incorporated companies were liable to bank-
ruptcy. They were exempted in the reign of
Charles the Second; and tor what reason? Because
"divers noblemen and gentlemen, and persons of qua-
lily, no ways bred up to trode," had invested their
money in these corporations, and because it suited
the dissolute morals of that reign to exempt such
persons from the laws which applied to the rest of
the community. This was the origin of corpora-
tion exemption from the penalties of bankruptcy in
England; and from this source we obtain the ex-
amples to exempt them in our America!
In all the bills proposed in the United States, and
in the only one which ever ripened into law, bank-
ers and brokers were included in the list of those
subject to the bankrupt process. Bankers mnd
brokers have always been included; and now why
exclude banks? A banker keeps a bank, and he is
liable. A company of bankers keep a bank, and
they are liable. The want of a charter makes them
liable; that is to say, the want of license of exemp-
tion from law purehaseable for money. This is a
distinction without foundation in icason, and can-
not be recognised. The same men, carrying on
the same business, doing the same acts, shall or
shall not be liable to a baiokrupt law, according as
they shall or shall not have this little talismanic
bit Of paper iatheirpicket, which they can pur-
