508
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
26th Con6«..«1st Szss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
chase for money. The banker Girard was subject
to  bankrupt law, but the Girard Bank is not sub-
ject to it! This is preposterous, and what no one
cao agree to; yet it is the conclusion to which we
are driven by making the artificial being, fabrica-
ted by the Legislature lor money, superior to the
nataral man, created by the Deity after his own
im£e.*
There is nothing in the objection: there are no
reasons to support it: money dealing and trading
corporations «re not entitled to exemption from
bankrupt laws: and it is no infraction of State
rights to include them in such laws.   Charters
which would grant such exemptions are immoral
and unconstitutional, and should be scouted by alt
authorities, legislative and judicial.   The whole
weight of the argument is in  favor of their inclu-
sion, and so is   the weight of authority.    The
weight of names and opinions are in its favor—
names of weight, and recorded opinions, second
our proposition.   Sir, this is not the first time that
the proposition has been made to subject these cor-
porations te the penalties of the bankrupt process.
Mr. Dallas and Mr. Crawford, both eminent ju-
rists, and Secretaries of the Treasury, proposed it
in their time.   They proposed it twenty-five years
ago, when the conduct of the banks was as bad as
it is now, and when it seemed impossible to com-
pel them  to resume specie payment.   They both
proposed the bankrupt process, and showed it to be
a prompt, adequate,and constitutional remedy. They
were overruled by Congress, (for the two Houses
were well filled with bank owners,) and a national
bank was substituted.   The creation of a national
bank, m 1816, was the substitute for the bankrupt
remedy; and we have all seen how it has worked.
The remedy was far worse than the disease !   The
bank which was to compel resumption in 1816,
was only saved from suspension in 1818, by the
nse of all the public money; and has twice failed
since when deprived  of that money.   The great
regulator needed regulating more than those v, hich
it was created to control.    That experiment has
been tried, and woful has been its issue !   Time
and experience have proved that the Secretaries,
Dallas and Crawford, were right in the preference
which they give to the bankrupt remedy.   In 1826
this question came up again.   It came up in   the
Senate of the United States, and numerous and
weighty were the names which declared for the
bankrupt remedy.   Twelve Sena'ors declared for
it;   and,   of eleven   of  those   I  am   permitted
to    speak,   and   to   say that   the country will
recognise   among   them    the    names    of    the
wisest   men,    the   fairest   patriots,   and    stea-
diest   State   rights    advocates   which   the   his-
tory of our country has seen.    Governor Branch,
of North Carolina, then a member of the United
States Senate,  moved to include banks in the pro-
visions of the bankrupt bill then depending before
the Senate: his motion was supported by the re-
corded names of Messrs. Barton, Benton, Branch,
Cobb, Dickerson, HeRdricks, Macon, Npble, Ran-
dolph, Reed, Smith of South Carolina, and White
of Tenne-see.   In this list are seen the names of
many whose opinions will be heard with reverence
by the friends of the country.   In this list are to
■be seen the names of those who were the lathers
of the Repablican church, and the most s'eadfsst
supporters of the rights of the States.   It never
entered into their heads to suppose that they were
violating those rights by subjecting corporations to
the laws which apply to nataral persons, and pre-
venting the demoralization and plunder of the com-
munity by the circulation of broken bank paper..
These sublimated conceptions of State rights have
been reserved for a later and for a more erratic
school.   Since the Senatorial vote of 182fi, two
other names, both graecd with  the highest honors
which the American people can conler, and both
known as disciples of the old State Rights school,
have added their authori y to the list of opinions
which think it competent end expedient for Con-
gress to treat a bankrupt bank as they would a
bankrupt  man.     General Jackson, in his late
letter to the committee of the two Houses of the
Ohio Legislature, and Mr. Van Buren, in bis well
known message of 1837, to the two Houses of
Congress, have both rccpmm.e ded this great mea- I
sure.   They have done it under the sanction of
their names, and under the pressure of circum-
stances, which impart the greatest weight to their
opinions.   And here let me do justice to the eleva-
tion of sentiment,  and the magnanimity of spirit
which dictated this message of President Van Bu-
ren.   As a Senator in this body, in 1827, he had
voted and spoken against the proposition of Mr.
Branch.   Subsequent reflection convinced him of
his error; and, rising far above the petty ambition
of preserving consistency by persevering in error,
; he came forth frankly, and in a responsible mes-
! sage, to recomm nd what he formerly opposed.
< This is honorable in him.   It shows true greatness
of mind; and it gives to his present opinion more
1  weight and value than if it had been the same from
1 the beginning.   It is a revised and corrected opi-
nion.
Such are the reasons for including banks in this
bill: such the number and weight of names which
sanction the proposition. And now we ask for the
reasons against it. We call upon gentlemen who
oppose the proposition to give us reasons—to enter
into the argument, and prove to our understand-
ings that what we ask is unreasonable and unjust.
We profess ourselves to be rational men, and to be
accessible to reasons. We invite our opponents to
give us reasons. They pertinaciously refuse. Of
1 the two wings of the opposition to this measure,
neither will give us reasons. The gentlemen of
the opposite political party have a reason, we
know; and we know full well what it is. They
want a national bank; and they are against a bank-
, rupt law against banks, because it will expunge
their argument in favor oí that institution. This
! is their reason. The gentlemen of our political
! party confine themselves to stating objections, with-
out sustaining those objections. They invoke State
rights, and charters, without showing how State
rights and charters extend to the protection of what
is morally and constitutionally wrong.
The objection is invalid. The trading and mo-
ney dealing corporations should be subject to the
bankrupt law. It is the only thing which can pre-
vent the bad from governing the good; it is the
only thing which can save the good institutions
from ths destruction which the conduct of the bad
is bringing upon the whole; it is the only thing
which can save the community from the miseries
of a depriciated paper currency; it is the only thing
which the bad banks dread. I say, the bad ones:
for, as far as I can hear, the really solvent and bu-
siness institutions are in favor ef our proposition.
Sir, when I speak of the banks, it is with a full
knowledge that a difference of character is found
among them, and with a conviction that a diffe-
rence of language should be applied to then,. 1
speak of them with discrimination, and not in
mass. They are managed by men, and they take
the character of the men who manage them. As
men differ, so do they; and it would be as absurd
to give the same character to all banks, as it would
be to give the same character to all men.
We have two classes of banks among us, dis-
tinguished by characters not only essentially diffe-
rent, but entirely opposed: one class consisting of
the commercial and business institutions, doing as
well as they can under the evils of a vicious sys-
tem—the other consisting of the political and gam-
bling institutions, wholly intent upon politics and
plunder. TLis distinction developed itself in the
suspension of 1837, and became confirmed in that
of 1839; and now exists as palpable and obvious,
to the sense, as the noonday sun. Unhappily,,in
both instances, the political ani the gambling insti-
tutions were strong enough, and dexterous enough,
to force or seduce many into their system, which
abhorred their conduct, and thus to spread over the
country, far and wide, the mischiels which they
contrived a;d created. Thi* latter class are the
masters of the counry, and must continue so
without the remedies of a bankrupt law. It
is for them that the remedy is wanted. Head-
ed by the insti ution which usurps and
disgraces the name of the United States, and wholly
intent upon politics and plunder, their steady object
is to scourge and pillage the country, and to excite '
the people against the Government, by charging
upon it the miscbiefs which they themselves create,
Their notorious object is to enrich themselves, and
to distress and injure the country. Mischief is
their sport and their profi'; and an unbridled paper
system is their instrument and shield. To make
expansions and contractions—to put up and to put
down ths prices of property and produce—to sink
the wages of labor—to make money plenty and
scan —to stop payment when they please, and to
force others to do so—to suppress the circulation of
gold and silver, and to force upon every body the
use of depreciated paper: these are their daily
practices; and all me mischief which they create is
promptly charged upon some act, no matter what,
of the Democratic Administration. Their power
over prices and over the currency, is absolute and
uncontrollable; and they wield it as wickedly as
powerfully. Of this it is sufficient to give two in-
stances, the notoriety of which will supersede
proofs, and the jnormity of which will stand for an
exemplification of all the rest. I speak of the fl*ux
speculations of 1836 '7, and the specie suppression
of the present day. In the years 1836 and 1837,
the price of flour rose to twelve and fourteen dol-
lars a barrel: the cry of scarcity was raised, and
immense importations of foreign grain took place.
Several millions of dollars'worth were actually im-
ported. The good people of the United States were
taught to believe that all this high price, and all
this vast importation of bread, was owing to a
scarcity at h ome—to a failure in the domestic crop—
to the neglect of our agriculture. This was what
they were made to believe. For two yeais they
had to believe it. Finally, the tables of the
commerce and navigation of the United States
for those years were published; and what
did they show? Why, that there were full crops
at home those very years, and that we were actu-
ally exporting more than we imported! This is
what the custom-house books proved. The expor-
tations of wheat and flour for the year ending the
30th of September, 1836, were $3,676,000; and
the whole export of bread stuffs for that year, com-
prehending Indian corn and meal, rye meal, ship
biscuit, rice, &c. was $7,431,199. For the year
ending the 30th of September, 1837, the exports of
wheat and flour were $3,000,000; and the whole
export of bread stuffs was $6,820,542. And, to
complete the picture, it must be added that the pre-
ceding, and the following years—those of '35 and
'38—were equally abundant. The exports of
wheat and flour for the year ending the 30th of
September, 1835, were $4,454,000, and the whole
value of exported breadstuff* was $8,383,997. For
the year ending the 30th of September, 1838, the
wheat and flour export was $3,612,000, and the
whole export of breadstuff's was $6,764,664. These
are facts which should be known to every citizen;
and, being known, w ould enable every one to esti-
mate the power of the vicious banks over the
prices of property, and even over public opinion,
and over our daily bread. For two years, the
whole Union was mystified on the subject of bread.
Deficiency at home—necessity for importations—
and consequent enormous price, was what every
one had to believe. Now it is seen that all was
false—that there were ample home supplies during
the whole time, and also before and after; and that
in fact our exports were nearly the same for four
years, covering the two years of importations; and
that ihey have amounted in that time to nearly fif-
teen millions in wheat and flour, and neatly thirty
millions in breadstuff's of all kinds. Yet, with this
equable supply, the price of flour was put up in
that time to twelve or fourteen dollar. , and is now
put down to thiee or four dollars! And how was
this effected? By bank expansions—bank contrac-
tions—and bank monopolies! The banks made
the rise, and now make the fall. And, as it was
with flour, so it was with beef, pork,' butter, eggs,
and every thing else that was used by the people.
All was the sport and spoil of the gambling, mono-
polizing, and political part of the banks; and the
public was as much deceived and misled in its un-
derstanding, as it was pillaged and plundered in its ,.
property.
So much for the flour speculation; now for 'the.
suppression of specie. Over the one" half of the
Union at present a lamentable dearth of specie pre-
vails.   You. may travel hundreds of miles, and
