Way, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
511
26th Cong....1st Sess.
Freedom of E'lections—Mr. Brown.
H. of Reps.
no man's permission, and submitting to no limitation
or restriction on his ngh's whatsoever   How can
you secure more freedom to us in elections than
we now enjoy?   How can you better secure, by law,
that freedom, which has been for more thau fifty
ymrs secured to us by the Constitution?   Sir, it is
like substituting statutory freedom tor constitu-
tional freedom.   It is a good deal like what the
advocates of this bill call " the purity of the elec-
tive lranchise."   Not that purity which is ftlt and
preferred in the hearts ot the honest citizens of this
country; not that virtue which, emanating from the
heart, controls and governs the conduct of the peo-
ple in administering their own Government, in
their own way, and for their own advantage and
prosperity, but a sort of pretended legal purity—a
sort of hypocritical statutory virtue, which would
yield to all sorts of political prostitutions, on the
Irst seducing bribe that might be laid in its way.
Away with these forms and shadows; if the people
have not purity and virtue enough (as the high
toned Federalists have always said ihey had not) to
govern themselves, you can never infuse those qua-
lities into them, by any process of the law.   So
■Etch for the caption of this bill.   I call your atteu-
,. tion now to the preamble, or recitals of it. The first
ene of ihese recitals is the following:    .
''Wh«ceas, complaints are made, that officers \f the United
Stales, or persons holding offices or employmentspinder the au-
thority of the same, other than the heads or the thief Execu-
tive Departments, or such officers as stand in the relation of
constitutional advisers of the President, hare Been removed ¡
from office, or dismissed from their employment, xhon política
grounds, or for opinion's sake; and whereas, such  practice
manifestly a violation of the leedomof elections, |n attack i '
on the public liberty, anda high misdemeanor."
Here, sir, is a preamble, for which
proposed enactment. It alleges certain
be a high misdemeanor, yet propose&Jto pe<
naltjr or punishment for the crime. Why, then, is
it intruded here on this paper? Sir, I take it to be
a perfect anomaly a ,thing unknown before in
the history of legislation. I again demand to
know, why it is put down in the preamble,
bnt not inserted m the enacting clause of
the bill? I can draw but one conclusion from this
strange fact; and that is, that the doctrine will do
to profess, but not to practice—to show off a speech
upon, in order to excite popular feelings, bat not to
be established as one of the laws of the land, which
it is known would have to be repealed, so soon as
its operation was seen and understood. I mean to
examine this dangling supernomeraryfpresently, to
show that the arguments in its favor are all falla-
cious, and the facts on which it purports to be
based, have no existence. I pass on to the second
clause of the preamble, in the following words:
"Where * complaints are airo made that officers of the United
Stales, or persons holding offices or employments under the
authority of the same, are in the habit of intermeddling in
elections, both State and Federal, otherwise than by giving
their trotea: And whereas such a practice isa violation of the
freedom of elections, and a gross abuse, which ought to be
discountenanced by the appointing power, and prohibited by
law,
"Be it enacted, Sfc. That from and after the first day of Ju-
ly next, no officer, agent, or contractor, or other person, hold-
ing an office or employment of trust or profit un«ier the Consti-
tution and taws of the United States, shall, by the contribution
of money or other valuable thing, or by the use of the franking,
privilege, or the abuse of any other official privilege of function,
or by threats or menaces, or in any ether manner intermeddle
with the election of any member or members of either House of
r---------ior o( ^ pKttí¡eM or Vice President of theUni ted 8tates,
or of the Governor or other officer of any State, or of any member
or member  of the Legislature of any State; and every such offi-
cer or other per on offending therein, shall be held to be guilty
of a high misdemeanor; and on conviction in any court of the
United States, having jurisdiction thereof, «hall pay a fine not
exceeding one thousand dollars."
This is the first section of the bill. According
to its provisions it will he seen that every grade of
office, and every variety of employment nnder the
United States is included-, also that every thing,
and any thing said or done by them (except simply
giving in their own votes) is to be taken as an in-
termeddling in the election, and therefore to be
punishe i by a fine not exceeding $1,000. Now,
sir, the application of this law to my own State is
what I desire to bring before the House. There,
sir, we have bnt few public officers of any grade,
except our postmasters. Wi have some half
dozen of these on an average in each coun-
ty. Those at our county towns commonly receive
some two or three hundred dollars, rarely so
much as five hundred.   At the lesser villages and
country stores, and at the neighborhood post offi-
ces, it is qu te frequent that the compensation does not
amount to fifty or one hundred dollars.    The office
is in fact taken as an incumbrance, submitted to
for neighborhood convenience.   Now, sir, all these
postmasters, besides being officers ot   the  United
State*,  are citizens of the Uiu'ed States, and of ihe
State of Tennessee.    They are deeply {«¡«rested as
citizens in the elections, both Slate and Federal, in
the county elections of sheriffs, clerks, iegisters,
&c.    In the military  elections of those officers,
under whom they may have  to serve  in turns of
war.   Yet, sir,  it is proposed that a little fifty
dollar appointment as postmaster is to weigh down
all  his other interests as a citizen, and it he dare
open his mouth in favor of oae candidate or the
other, he is to be instantly fined one thousand dol-
lars    If called on to state a fact in hi* own
knowledge,  and   perhaps   in the   knowledge of
no body els*, which it is of the highest conse-
quence   to/the   country  should   be   known;   a
fact   whjéh   became known to him long before
he    was   a   postmaster—he   must   conceal   that
fact. /Hi   must  suppress   and  hide  the  tiuth
fromrTus countrymen, or pay down the penalty of
ontf thousand dollars.   Sir, is this my colleague's
unions of   the liberty, freedom, and  purity jot
r elections7 To speak out will affect the elections,
l i^ust as far as truth and character will and ought to
affect them—to seal up his lips and suppress the
truth, will ah  affect the election and put men into
office, who have no honesty in civil affairs, nor
courage nor skill for the defence of the country in
military appointments.   Now, sir, there are, on an
average, for each county in Tennessee, a half do-
zen of our fellow-citizens—who have the common
rights of citizens—they have the liberty of speech,
under all the gurantees of the Constitution—they
have, however, undertaken to perform the duties
of postmasters for their respective  villages and
neighborhoods and for this they are to be disfran-
chised, deprived of the liberty of speech, and com-
pelled to stand silent and gagged in the midst of
their fellow-citizens.    Sir,   is   this  the freedom
after which   mv   colleague   has   been   seeking
under this   bill?   If it is, God forbid   that he
should   ever   find   it.   For   one,   1   repudiate
and scorn such   distinctions  in  a free country.
I repudiate and scorn a principle that sets one
neighbor as a spy over another, and which en-
ables one man te propagate the vilest falsehood on
another, because his exposure can only be made by
a .postmaster, whose lips are hermetically seared
nnder the enormous penalty of one thousand dol-
lars.   Sir, this bill should be rather called a bill
offering a premium to falsehood and defamation;
a bill to enslave a large portion of American free-
men, becausethey are willing to undertake the per-
formance of high and nece«sary public dutie*; a
bill to establish slavery in all our elections, by de-
priving one portion of the community of those
rights and privileges allowed to all the rest.   Sir,
I shall show you presently that those illustrious
sages and patriots, who lived in the earlier and
purer days of the Republic, rejected with scorn the
very provisions of the bill now under consideration.
Before I present their opinions on this branch of
the subject, let me advert to the arguments anc*
doctrines o£ my honorable colleague in relation to
the appointing and removing power of the Execu-
tive; remember that the argument of the gentle-
man was made  on the preamble of his bill, for
which there was no corresponding prohibitory or
penal enactment.   The argument, then, like the
preamble, might therefore be regarded  as a mere
abstraction, calculated to do no particular good nor
harm  any way.   But 1 know my honorable col-
league too well not to understand that all the labor
he has bestowed in ascertaining the opinions of
Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and other illus-
trious individuals, is not intended to be lost as a
mere abstraction, accidentally brought up in the
course of this discussion.   No, sir, that portion of
the gentleman's argument will, no doubt, in due
season, make its appearance in the Whig papers
of our State, in blazing capitals.   Well, sir, and
what were the opinions of those illustrious men on
the question of appointments to office, which ne-
cessarily includes also their opinions in relation to
removals, wherever the right to remove has been
con cede J.
I begin with General Washington.   In his letter
to Mi. Pickering, dated Stptember, 1795, he uses
the following emphatic language:
'I shall uot, while I ha\e the honor to administer the Govern
mi nt, bring i man into any office ot mngiquenre, knowingly
whose politic il tenets ate adverse to the measures which the
General Government a>e pursuing, lur thu, in my opinion,
would bea sou ol political suicide ih it it would embarrass its
movements, is most ceiuun lint ol two men equally well al-
lowed to ihetrue mteieste of then counuy, ot equal abilities, it
is the part ol prudence to give the pielerence to him against
whom the least clamur can be ixuttd  '
Ob>erve,  Mr,   lhat, in  this opinion of General
Washington, he makes no reference to monarchists,
or to persons opposed to that Revolution which se-
cured to us our national independence.     He  goes
beyond  all  this, and  ¡-peaks  ot    political  tenets
adverse to the measure*, of the General Govern-
ment.    Th'S   preamble recites  that  removals  on
politicrl grounds are high misdemeanors.     Ge-
neral Washington declares lhat a difference in po-
litical tenents  is  sufficient  ground  for   refusing
appointments.    Thü  preamble recites  that remo-
vals upon political grounds is an attack on public
liberty.   General Washington declares that all ap-
pointments to office ot such as hold political tenets
adverse to the principles of his administration of
the Government, would be a sort of political sui-
cide.   Sir, this brief parallel between this recital
in the bill and the opinions of General Wash ng-
ton, directly on the point, ought forever to seal the
fate ot this proposition, so far as his distinguished
authority is concerned.
Immediately alter the retirement of General
Washington, a contest sprung up for tbe succes-
sion between the elder Adams and Mr. Jefferson.
The elements of party, before that time, had taken
no definite form, or shape; they were "rudts tndi-
gestaque moles " In that contest, however, they
became settled and di tmct. The Federalists ad-
hered to Mr. Adams; the Republicans to Mr. Jef-
ferson. Mr. Adams succeeded, and, under him,
the Federalists took possession of nearly every
office of his administration. In support of this
fact, I refer to tha 3d volume of Mr. Jefferson's
works, page 476. In his celebrated New Haven
letter he remarks:
"It would have been to me a circumstance Of great relief,
had I found a moderate paiticipatlon of office in the hands ol
the majouty; I would gladly have left to time and accident to
raise them to their just share; but then total exclusion calls
for prompter corrections "
In his letter to Levi Lincoln, 3d volume, p. 477,
he remarks:
"1 had foreseen, years ago, that the first Republican Presi-
dent who should come into office after all the places m the Go-
vernment had become exclusively occupied by Federalists,
would have a dreadful operation to perform; that the Repub-
licans would consent to a continuation of every thing in Fede-
ral hands was not to be expected, because neither just nor
politic. On him was then to devolve the office of an execu-
tioner—that of lopping off "
I read these extracts now, only to establish the
fact oí a total exclusion from office of the Republi-
cans under the elder Adams's administration. Mr.
Jefferson succeeded Mr. Adams. He was elected
by the Republican party, and was its great apostle
and founder. The lapse of years has only thrown
a holier reverence around his name, and the politi-
cal researches of the age have only given a bright-
er lustre to the principles of simplicity, economy,
and equality, which he inculcated on his followers.
Sir, it is that hallowed reverence for his name and
his principles, which is yet cherished by a large
proportion of the American people, that my col-
league attempts now to make subservient to the de-
struction of his true friends and followers, and to
strengthen the reviving energies of that old Fe eral
party which he so signally vanquished in 1801.
Yes, sir, strange as it may seem, the watchword of
"Jefferson and liberty," is now being stolen by that
very Federal party into whose ranks it once carried
dismay and terror and destruction. What has any
party to do with that watchword that holds in its
ranks and hugs to its bosom every anti-war Fede-
ralist on this floor, save one whose reformation
dates back for twenty years, and whose devotion to
Republican principles during all that time, gives
double assurance of the sincerity and thoroughness
of his reformation'? What, I repeat, has an Essex
junto man and an anti-war Federalist to do with the
watchword of "Jefferson and liberty?" It should
blister the tongue  that  repeats  it, and crimson
