May, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
51S
26th Cong-.-1st Sess.
Freedom of Elections—Mr. Brown.
H. of Reps.
only insisted on the superior qualifications of one
candidate over those of another; or he may have
only urged some gallant achievement in war, or
some noble self-denying deed in time of
peace, as a consideration which entitled
one party to the gratitude of the country over
his competitor and rival. But I need not
compare the relative merits of the present bill
and the sedition law. The same spirit animates
them both—a spirit that seeks to prostrate the
dearest rights and privileges of the people—a
spirit that alike destroys the freedom of the press
and the liberty of speech—a spirit which Mr.
Madison, more than any other man then living,
contributed to subdue and to extirpate. Sir, I
challenge casuistry itself to draw any sensible and
clear distinction between the sedition law, Mr.
Crittenden's bill, and the bill of my honorable
colleague. They all contain the same principle,
and that principle stands at open war with those
great pro visions of the Constitution which secure to
the people the freedom of the press and the liberty
of speech.
From 1791 to 1837, with the exception of the
alien and sedition laws, no attempt was made to
force such legislation as this on the country. Dur-
ing that long period, the people were contented
that eray citizen, whether a public officer or not,
should enjoy his constitutional rights. That the
assumption of office was but the assumption of new
duties and liabilities for the public good, and
should, therefore, be attended with no sacrifice or
destruction of his personal rights as a free citizen
of this great Republic. During all this time, I
maintain that our elections, all of them, both State
and Federal, were eminently free—free as they
could be—free as the air we breathe, and the water
we drink. Every where through this wide country
on oar election days, every American citizen walked
forth to the ballot box in his own personal majesty,
paying no homage, save to himself aad the laws
aad the Constitution. I appeal to the history of
oar elections in the great contest between the elder
Adams and Mr. Jefferson—to the no less excited
canvass between the second Adams and General
Jackson—to the contest between Mr. Clay, the
now "great discarded," and General Jackson—in
fine, to every one of our elections, to show that all
oí them, every where, have been as free as our glo-
rióos Constitution, and the proud, indomitable spirit
•of our countrymen could make them.
What occasion, then, was there for the revival
of this twice-repudiated doctrine of abridging the
privileges of the people—repudiated by the wisest
and best men that ever lived in any age or in any
country. The first reason given, and the one
most relied upon, is, that the President in office
may use his patronage so as to give him an undue
advantage over all competitors. This patronage
consists in the power of making appointments, un-
der the express, or implied understanding, that the
appointed shall use his influence to promote the
election of the President. Now, if all this were
conceded, does not my colleague perceive that the
appropriate remedy would have to be found, not in
a gag bill, but in the amendment of the Constitu-
tion, changing the appointing power into other
hands, or limiting the period of Presidential ser-
vice to a single term of four or six years? By the
kit amendment, no contest ever could take place
between the ins and the outs. It would then be, in
every instanoe^-not who should be put out, but who
should be put into the Presidential seat. Then,
sir, there cottld be no selfish motive prompting to
an abuse of executive patronage; nor any adequate
one for charging corruption and; ambition on any
man who was faithfully endeavoring honestly to
administer the Government. It was under these
views that I have already submitted a proposi-
tion to amend the Constitution of the United
States, in a «ay that will, in my opinion, be
the trae and proper remedy for all complaints,
real and pretended, against Executive patronage
and dictatwiu I shall call in up in a few days,
and see what course the gentleman and his
friends will take on. this subject. But, sir, in
the meanjtime^I heútate not to say that this patro-
nage is greatly overrated, as to its'influence oh
elections.    On an average, the President cannot
33
make more than a dozen or two important appoint-
ments in each State; these could not produce even
a ripple on the broad and mighty surface of its
population; beside this, an over active zeal never
iails to weaken the cause it espouses.
The inflaence of office holders is more than
counterbalanced by that of office seekers. Let us
examine it, first as to the personal exertions of the
parties themselves. Mr. Van Buren, since March,
1837, has been in. Mr. Clay, Mr. Webster, and
General Harrison, have all wanted to get in by
putting Mr. Van Buren out. Mr. Webster makes
his electioneeriug tour through the Northwest, Mr.
Clay moves out upon the North, and arrogantly
traverses Mr. Van Buren's own country. General
Harrison takes charge of the mighty West, keep-
ing up a brisk correspondence, remodelling his old
political opinions, and putting himself in as accep-
table a position as possible between the contending
parties of the day. Sir, do you not see at once
that, on the score of personal exertions, it is pre-
cisely three to one in favor of the outs? But it is
said that the President in office has so much pa-
tronage, so many offices to bestow, that it gives
him an overwhelming advantage over all com-
petitors. Well, let us pause and examine the
weight of this objection. He can appoint one
Secretary of State, and that one will have to
work against three Secretaries expectant without
—that is, against Mr. Clay's Secretary, Mr.
Webster's Secretary, and General Harrison's Se-
cretary—three to one again—and so of the Se-
cretary of War, and all the other Secretaries;
and, in fact, of all the other officers and agenta
of the Government, great and small. I have
always doubted whether this power of conferring
office was much calculated to advance the popu-
larity of a President. Many are always expect-
ing to be called, while but few can actually be
chosen. The disappointed often fall back into a
state of indifference as to the future success of
the President, and sometimes find revenge for
his supposed neglect and ingratitude in the open
abandonment and denunciation of him. Sir, I
do not pause in the line of this argument to give
you instances of this sort during the period of
General Jackson's administration; they abounded
to an extent which few have suspected; they have
no doubt abounded more or less in the history of
every Administration.
Mr. Speaker, I have already stated, that, for
nearly half a century, the people of the United
States were contented and satisfied with the un-
bounded and unquestioned freedom of their elec-
t ons. What occasion was there, then, for the re-
vival of this twice njected proposition? twice re-
jected, at the time of introduction, by my ho-
norable colleague, in 1837. Sir, I remembered
well the pretext then offered for its revival. It
was the alleged dictation of General Jackson—
his dictation in writing his Gwinn and Shelby-
ville letters, and expressing himself freely and
fully on the public men and the public measures
of the day. These, sir, were the pretexts for all
this cry of dictation and of bringing Executive
patronage to bear on the freedom of elections.
And yet, sir, now that the occasion has gone by—
now that the smoke of party contest has cleared up,
so far as General Jackson is concerned, no man
can be found who can lay his finger on a single
line or sentence, ever written by General Jackson
about those times, that has the slightest re-
semblance to dictation to his countrymen. To
dictate, is to suggest, to point out with authority,
and is nearly synonymous with command. It is
something much stronger than mere counsel
or advice, and yet is a shade lower than an impe-
rative order. In the light of this definition, I defy
any man living to show me a single expression in
the Gwinn letter which evinces the slightest wish
on the part of General Jackson to dictate—to order
or command his countrymen what course to pur-
sue in the selection of his successor. General
Jackson was the acknowledged head of the Repub-
lican party; he saw the dangers which surrounded
it; he knew well the numerous and powerful ene-
mies that were engaged to overthrow and destroy
it; he knew well its itreagth and power and invin-
cibility, so long as it should remain undivided
When Judgt White was brought forward, be in-
stantly perceived the dangers of division, and wrote
his Gwinn letter of counsel and advice, but not of
dictation; a letter expressive of no preference of
Mr. Van Buren over Judge White; a letter ex-
horting only to unanimity, and pointing out, in his
judgment, the best means of attaining it. Yet, for
doing this, he was denounced by m>' colleague and
his party as a tyrant, a despot, and dictator. Yes,
sir, for writing «uch a letter as this, that man,
whose whole life had been one continued scene of
noble and gallant daring in defence oí his country,
was denounced as a Roman dictator—ready and
resolved to overturn those very liberties which he
would have died to maintain. Sir, the advice and
counsel of General Jackson on that occasion might
hy many have been considered injudicious, or
even indelicate, according to the taste and fancy
of individual^. But I maintain, before my coun-
trymen and the world, that the charge of dictation,
so loudly and repeatedly made by my colleague
and his party, is no where sustained by that letter.
But this unfounded charge of dictation is some-
times attempted to be sustained by a reference to
his Shelbyville letter; a letter written in reply to
an invitation to partake of a public dinner pro-
posed to be given to him by the noble-hearted
Democracy of Bedford county. He declined at-
tending; alluded to the recent and frequent political
tergiversations which had occurred, but prophe-
sied boldly that the people of Tennessee, in spite
of them, would stand true and steadfast (0 their
ancient Republican principles. Time has now
subjected to its unerring scrutiny the truth or false-
hood of every statement made in that letter. The
banner of Mr. Clay under which my two col-
leagues [Mr. Gentry and Mr. Bell] and their
whole party, fought the battles of the last Tennes-
see campaign, was at once the evidence of their
change, and the signal of their defeat. If further
proof should be required to tear away every shred •
of doubt, which might yet hang around this ques-
tion of imputed change, let it be found in the nomi-
nation of the Harrisburg convention. No, not in
that convention, for Tennessee was not there; her
late leaders bad not the face to ask her to be there.
They knew that, on direct proposal, Tennessee
would shrink from the adjustment of rival preten-
sions between three individuals, every one of whom
she had rejected on former occasions. No, not in
that convention, but in that confirmation of. its
proceedings, which took place in this city; a con-
firmaton in which both of my honorable colleagues
participated, and which has. since received the
sanction and approval of nearly their whole party
in Tennessee.
This Shelbyville letter was the first warning
given by Gen. Jackson, that a deep laid scheme had
been formed to throw Tennessee out of the
Republican ranks, and to place her among the Op-
position or Federal States of the Union. The
improbability of succcess in so daring an attempt,
encouraged the boldest and most unequivocal de-
nials of the charge, denials so bold and so unequi-
vocal that the known sagacity of General Jackson
and his deep and holy devotion to the Republican
institutions of his country, could scarcely save him
from the imputation of having slandered and tra-
duced the alleged authors of the attempt. Bat time,
I repeat, has dissipated every doubt on the subject.
Those who were designated in that letter as new-
born Whigs (to indicate that they were not of that
ancient and immortal band who so justly and so
proudly bore the name) now no longer attempt to
conceal their purposes; but boldly and publicly
Tennessee to be an Opposition State; trained, daring
the last summer, under the banner of Mr. Clay,
bat to be enlisted permanently, in the next, under
that of General Harrison. Sir, I thank God that
General Jackson lived long enough to see the re-
fluent wave of the popular will in the last elec-
tions, to hear the coining murmurs of an indig-
nant and deceived people; bnt I sincerely pray that
he may live to see (and, living, he will see) haw
proudly that noble and gallant State will resume
her position among the Republican States, faithful
and devoted as she was at the moment when hex
most illustrious citizen retired from, the toils, and
labors of public life to repose beaeaih the «bade of
