550
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
g&rg ¿oyG« "l8T Sbss.______________
obTeettaTif i«had not been introduced into  a
rtn able report made by my colleague [Mr. Ser-
GtAirr] in the yeir 1838, and which was sent forth
locether with another report on the same subject
made in behalf of the majority of the Committee '
of Ways and Means by its then chairman [Mr.
Cambrxling ]   It may be dullness on my part,
but I cannot see wherein the force of this objection
lies.   One currency for the Government and ano-
ther for the people'   How is this?   How can yon
separate the Government from the people?   How
can you separate the currency, which you use for
yeur public business, in receiving and paying out
the public revenue, from the business affairs of
the people?   Members of Congress receive their
money ia gold and silver.   Do they not pay it out
to the people of the District every day or week; and
does it not enter into the circulation of the District?
Do we not pay it out in the regular course of busi-
ness?   I cannot see how this argument is supported;
I cannot see howgentlemen make out that the peo-
ple are to have one currency, and the Government
another, because the business of the Government,
and the business of the people ramify into, and are
intimately blended with, each other.
I beg leave here to advert to a letter which' I
happened to pick up yes'erday, written by our
veneral ex-President, General Jackson, in answer
to a letter addressed to him by a committee of the
Ohio Legislature,. I regard the sentiments con-
tained in this letter as those of one speaking, as it
ware, from the dead. He cannot be supposed to
have any personal interest m these great measures
which now agitate the country—I mean any inte-
rest beyond that natural to a man whose life and
services have been devoted to his country—who
has served her in peace and m war—who has
twice been called to preside over her councils, and
who,in his old age,has sought that retirement most
congenial to his feelings and wishes. He holds
the following language:
"It a particularly gratifying to me, gentlemen, to be assured
by jour Legislature that the grounds on which 1 rested my op
position to the encroachments of the money power are regard-
ed with fayor by the people of Ohio The dangers of that power,
now more evident, because they are brought closer to the ob-
servation and business concerns of all classes of our citizens,
foxmtnmy judgment the only cloud m our political horizon
Id all other aspects the influences adverse to the genius of our
institutions seem to have yielded to the demands of the people,
and such I doubt not, will be the case with those wielded by the
money power ae soon as the public voice has another opportu
ntty of acting upos them. All that we have to do on this sub
ject, is to persevere a little longer, maintaining the doctrines of
die Constitution and the suggestions of common 'sense We
koqw that onrfathers who framed the Constitution gave to Con
green no power to charter a bank, and we cannot err, therefore,
in saying that if out Government had never departed from their
example, we would have had none of the evils which now af
flict us in consequence of bank suspensions, and an írredeema
ble paper currency We know that if the Government depo-
atel uoneof the money of the people with banks, these institu-
tions would have no power to endanger the safety of the public
treasure, or to influence, improperly, questions of public poli
cy. We know that banks do not make money, but only circu
lit* their paper emissions, which must be good or bad accord
wg to then capacity to redeem them with specie, and hence
that there can be no coefidence m them as Ion? as they main
tain the right to suspend specie payments at pleasure
"From such truths, it appears to me to be self evident, that
there is now no relief for the people but in the adoption of the
Independent Treasury, recommended by the present admutis
trauon of the General Government By this plan, the financial
operations of the Treasury will be simplified, and the people
will liare the strongest guarantee that the money which is raised
Cram them by taxation will be applied according to the require
mente of the Constitution If, m addition to this reform in our
financial system, Congress would, at the same time, pass a ge
neral bsnkropl law, by which the banks which are now in exist
eoce, or may be hereafter chartered by the States, would be
bound to make an equitable distribution of their effects to their
creditors when they refuse to redeem their notes with specie, it
cannot be doubted that there would be an end to the evils of a
depreciated paper currency These measures being adopted,
but little time would be requisite to enable those banking insti-
tutions, which are sound, to regain the public confidence, and
tfee labor of the country, the arming, manufacturing, and me-
chanic interests, would soon revive—that credit system which is
based on real capital, and which goes hand in hand with the
Moor and enterprise of our citizens, would be enlarged, not di-
minished, by the operation of these measures "
Mr. L. continued. Mr. Chairman, in the re-
marks which I have made on this measure, I have
endeavored to be as practical as possible. I can-
not see in it any thing of the dangerous tendency,
and the ruinous and destructive properties, which
gentlemen of the Opposition attribute to it; but I
do see in it a proposition and a means by which
this Government can place itself in a condition
where it may have its own money in its own
hands, and by which, in case of war or emergency,
jt nay cease to be dependent upon banking institu-
Independent Treasury—Mr. Strong.
H. ot Reps.
tions. Congress has power to declare war, to ap-
propriate money, and to do many other acts; yet
we have seen that we are dependent upon the crea-
tures of State legislation, and upon the creatures of
our own raising, for the very money which we
thus appropriate, even when needed in turn of
war. Congress has the honor, the dignity, the
fame, and the glory of the country m itb hands.
How can they be maintained without money' If
I were now talking to plain men, I should say, is
it not better to have your own money in your own
desk, or even in your own old stocking, that it may
be within reach when you want it, rather than to
loan it to your neighbor, that he may speculate up
on it?
This, sir, is the National Independent Treasury.
I have done.
SPEECH OP MR. STRONG,
OF NEW YORK
In the House of Repi esenlaMes, June 8lh, 1840—In
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the Independent Treasury bill.
Mr STRONG said.
Mr. Chairman* I am in favor of the bill now
under consideration. I shall vote for it, and should
content myself with giving a silent vote in its sup-
port, bat for certain resolutions passed by the Le-
gislature of the State I have the honor, in part, to
represent, a copy of which has been presented to
the House, and is now lying upon its table. I also
have a copy of the resolutions, sent to me by the
Executive of my State. I desire, sir, that they
may be read.
The resolutions were read by the Clerk, and are
as follows:
State op New York,
In Assembly, January 30, 1840
Resolved, (if the Senate concur,) that the peopleofthe State
of New York, through their Legislature, do solemnly and ear
nestly protest against the bill recently, and f r the fourth time,
reported in the Senate of the United States by a Senatoi from
this Sta.e, commonly known as the Independent Treasury bill,
and agai nst any scheme on the part of the Federal Government
whereby the revenues of that Government shall be required to
be collected in specie alone, or in any other medium than the
common currency of the country, at all times convertible into
coin, or by which those revenues shall be placed in the custody
of agents appointed by, and responsible only 11 the Executive of
the United States, and which, as the prominent leading measure
and political test of the Geneial Government, has been thrice
directly submitted to the people of this State, and by them as
often rejected and entirely repudiated, as being adverse to the
best interests of our country, as establishing practically one
currency for the Government, and another and a different cur
rency for the people, as being an untiled experiment on the fi
nances of the country, requiring specie alone in the payment of
all debts to the Government, and enabling it thereby to control
and destroy the currency created by the States and by the wuh
drawal ana hoarding of millions ot gold and sih er, to affect in
lunously all out branches of industry, and to tike from the
farmer, the merchant and the mecnanic, the value of his pro-
ducts and the price of his laboi, as augmenting and establishing,
to a most dangerous extent, the patronase and influence of the
General Government, and as beins hostile to the fundamental
maxims of free government, which withhold from the Execu
tive all control over the public treasure, as pregnant with dan
gerto the business, the credit, the prosperity and liberties of the
people
Resolved, (if the Senate concur,) That in the judment of this
Legislature the reiterited recommendation of the aforesaid
scheme of the President of the United States, seconded, as it has
been, by the persevering effort  of a Senator of this State, in di-
rect opposition to the expressed will of his constituents topro
cure its adoption, have deeply alarmed the people of tins State,
and furnishat this time a piomment obstacle to the prosperity
of the country; and that the Senators and Representatives of this
State in the Congress of the United States wdl conlorm their
acts and votes to the expressed will and best interests of their
constituents, by steadily and faithfully opposing the measure
aforesaid, and that any Senator or Representative who shall
persist in advocating thesa d project, and in urging its adoption
will misrepresent the views wishes and interests of his consfi
tuents, and his conduct will merit and receive our unqualified
disapprobation
Resolved, (if the "enate concur,)That h.s Excellency the Go
vernorbe requested to transmit to each of our Senators and Re
presentatives in Congress, a«opy of the foregoing resolutions,
with a request to present the same to both Houses of Congress.
By order
3  P PRINDLE, Clerk
In Sehate Febuary 12, 1840
Resolved, That the Senate do concur with the Assembly la
then «aid resolutions.
By order
SAMUEL G ANDREWS, Clerk
State op New York, Executive Dep't
Albany, February 17, 1840
8m, I have the honor to transmit you a copy of certain reso
lutions of the Senate and Assembly of this State, in relation to
the bill commonly known as the Independent Treasury bill
I am, very respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
^  „                                       WILLIAM H SEWARD
The Hon TheronR Strong*
Bouse of Representatives
I feel it due to myself and my constituents, Mr.
Chairman, that I should, before giving my vote for
this bill, s'ate briefly the views I entei'am of these
íesolutions, and some of the reasons which have
influenced me in determining to act in opposition
to them. Ferhaps, also, it is but respectful to my
State, that I should thus notice them, and not go
counter to them in silence. It is for the puipose
of presenting these views and reasons, that I have
risen—not to reply to any remarks of gentlemen
who have preceded me in the debate.
I will state, in the outset, that I do not question
the right of a Stale Legislature to pass resolutions
instructing the Senators, and requesting the Repre-
sentatives, of the State in Congress, to pursue any
particular course in relation to thPir official duties.
On the contrary, I concede it in its fullest extent.
It is a right which has often been exercised by the
party of which I am proud to be a member, and I
believe it to be an important and valuable one.
I hold it to be the duty of Senators, receiving such
instructions, to obey or resign, and of Representa-
tives to give to such requests a respectful and care-
ful consideration. To create such an obligation on
the part of Senators, however, it is requisite that
the instructions should be plain and definite—that
they should direct the course to be pursued, and
exclude all discretion in regard to it—that they
should be expressed, and not left to be implied from
the expression of an opinion.
It requires, Mr. Chairman, but a cursory exami-
nation of the resolutions in question, to satisfy
any one that they are of an anomalous character.
They are not in the form of instructions, advice, or
request, and yet they possess some of the ingredi-
ents of each. Tney do not profess to instruct or
direct any one—they do not directly, and in terms,
offer advice—they make no express request—and
yet, classing Senators and Representatives together,
they declare that tho«e Senators and Representa-
tives will "conform their acts and votes to the ex^
pressed will and best interests of their constitu-
ents," by opposing the Independent Treasury bill,
and that any one of them who shall support it, will
"misrepresent the views, wishes, and interests, of
his constituents, and his condact will merit and re-
ce ve the unqualified disapprobation of the Legit-
lature."
That they ought not to be regarded as instructions,
is quite evident. It appears from the fact, that the
language employed is appl.ed equally to Senators
and Representatives; that Representatives are
coupled wuh Senators throughout; and that if Ihey
are to be considered as instructions at all, they are
as much so to one as the other. Now I believe
that no political party has ever claimed for a State
Legislature the right to instruct Representatives. No
individual of any party, however ultra, has, so far
as I have any knowledge, ever made any such
claim. I am prepared lo believe that a majority
of the Legis,ature which parsed these resolutions,
would go as far as any man or body of men in
setting up new and extraordinary pretensions; but
such a claim would, in my judgment, be too ridi-
culous even for them to assert
There is another prominent reason, sir, why
they should not be allowed such a character It
is well known that the political party in New York
now in power in that State had repudiated the doc-
trine cf instructions, and for a long period warred
against it 'Now, if the majority of the Legislature
who belong to that political party, intended to
change their ground on this subject, if the circum-
stance of their party being in the ascendancy out
 f the way at present of being affected by the doc-
trine, and in a situation to apply it to others, had
brought it into favor with them, and determined
them to exercise it, it was their duty to come out
boldly, and use the language usually employed in
giving instructions, language which could leave no
doubt as to their intentions. They should not be
permitted to have the benefit of the doctrine with-
out taking a position which would compel them to
submit to it when it would cut the other way " to
partake of Ihe draught when returned to their own
hps. 
It seems equally manifest that these resolu-
tions cannot be considered as the simple advice
or request of the Legislature.   The threat which
