su
2f>TH Cong.......1st Seís.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
Expenses of the Government—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
s
9
£
fc
Kiss
$
g
*
"3
s
8l8
Í- 
B —Continued
*lg$3? §12

58
O           60"-

,.,--. is*.-*?!
00    coco —*>**■<-*

,    1 ?.Pj3$já
5   £2S8Sá£
8     8Í3SÍSS   agtss
8§fej§  $.§!   , , JS , , fig£ , J5   £
£ ÍS Is    to    00
8      883   IS
SbtO^-iOW       ÍO tO 3>
8    "*s 8
s    8sl££,
ssasa ¡ess
j—-j ~   ►-

$383258131 S
,--"■! •.
jell's §Si
o     -•.— *-« ¡5-*3 ió
-•5?.
8I§§£ ill
asses aas
E. 8=SE£SS;8
C.         ^- 00 C  OJ ►* ■ w- -O
S¥l§§ lug
sessass istssj
OS     ©Í w t& (£ 5) 3?
S   8218386
j«
i   lili! IIS JL.sSISsSÍ
§   HISS Isa Is ISIIJsg

ISII Sil s§ «SUM'S
■■'-'■'- ~~~h «a sgssss'S'
.*-.          "i^"fn (SiLpi       en r~* Ok       *•* >ía«           *-* CO       ni(DU
4    «2s s ass "*a gg^E'sSsigi
(3     ^33S^S   c3S£—   t©^3^-toSpS0    wSS ' in
"w       le t—M * *■   "cioco   1c uo^utn o  go en "en     ci
S      SiSSSS   3£^   ££SS-¿83wS!S   ái
* Obtained ftom the Fourth AüUitoi's Office
T  h SMITH, Regigter.
Tiwasurt UeFarthknt, RegiBter's Oflitc, May 4, ls40
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the letter of the
Secretary, and the tables, were ordered to be printed
Mr. B. then rose to mak« another motion, and
that was, to print an extra number of these papers.
He proposed to give his reasons for the mo ion,
and for that purpose, asked that the papers «¡hould
be sent to him, (which was done,) and Mr. B.
went on to say that his objeet was to spread be-
fore the country, in an authentic form, the full
view of all the Government expenses for a senes
of years past, going back as iar as Mr. Monroe's
administration; and thereby enabling every citi-
 en, in every part of the country, to see the actual,
the comparative, and the classified expenditures of
the Government for the whole period.   This pro-
a
a
ceeding had becbme necessary, Mr. B. said-, fr°m
the systematic efforts made tor some yea^ past, to
impress the country wife the belief thav the expen-
ditures had increased threefold in tlie last twelve
years—that they had nsen from THIRTEEN to
THIRTY-NINE millioh  of dolla/s; and that this
enormous increase was, the effect of the extrava-
gance, of the corruption, and o/the incompetency
of the Administrations which'Jnd succeeded that of
Mr. Adams and Mr. Monrafe. These two latter
Administrations were held/p as the models of eco-
nomy; those of Mr. Van Buren and General
Jackson were stigmatized as monsters of ex-
travagance; and tables of figures were so
arrranged as to give color to the cha-
racters attributed to each. These systematic
efforts—this reiterated assertion, made on this
floor, of thirteen millions increased to thtrty-nine—
and the effect which such statements mast have
upon the minds of those who cannot see the pur-
poses for which the money was expended, ap-
peared to him (Mr. B ) to require some more for-
mal and authentic refutation than any one indi-
vidual could give—something more imposing than
the speech of a solitary member could afford
Familiar with the action of the Government for
twenty years past—coming into the Senate in the
time of Mr. Monroe—remaining in it ever since—
a friend to economy m public and in private life—
and closely scrutinizing ihe expenditures of the
Government during the whole time—he (Mr. B.)
felt himself to be very able at any time to have
risen in his place, and to have exposed the
delusion of tan thirteen and thirty nine mil-
lion bugbear; and, if he did not do so, it
was because, in the first place, he was
disinclined to bandy contradictions on the
floor of the Senate; and, in the second place,
because he relied upon the intelligence of the
country to set all ns;ht whenever they obtained
a view of the facts. This view he had made
himself the instrument of procuring, and the Se-
cretary of the Treasury had now presented it.
It was ready for the contemplation of the Ame-
rican people; and he could wish every citizen to
have the picture in his own hands, that he might
contemplate it at his own fireside, and at his foil
leisure. He could wish every citizen to possess
a copy of this report, now received from the Se-
cretary of the Treasury, under the call of the Se-
nate, and printed by its order; he could wish
every citizen to possess one ot these authentic co-
pies, bearing the imprimatur of the American Se-
nate; but that was impossible, and, limiting his
action to what was possible, he would propose tt
print such number of extra copies as would
enable some to reach evtry quarter of the
Union. He knew that the report could easily go
through the newspapers, (for it whs very short,)
and he hoped that it wonld appear in «very paper
that was a friend to truth and to fair dealing—that
wished to give correct information to its readers.
He hoped it would appear in all such papers; but
that was not sufficient. The newspaper publica-
tions were not sufficiently free trom cavil to
answer his purpose; no publication could be suffi-
cient bnt the one made by the order of the Senate;
and, therefore, he wished the document itself to go
forth, with the Senatorial imprimatur upon it, in
snfhcieBt numbers to reach every quarter ol the
Union. He wished a large number to be printed;
but would not sugge>t any particular number
until he had first given to the Senate some view ot
the papers themselves, and thus shown them to be
worthy of the most ample multiplication, and of
the most extensive diffusion.
Mr. B. then opened the tables, and explained
their character and contents. Tne first one
(marked A) consisted of three columns and ex-
hibited the aggregate, and the classified expendi-
tures of the Government from the year 1824 to
1839, inclusive; the second one (marked B) con-
tamed the detailed statement of the payments an-
nually made on account of all temporary or extra-
ordinary objects, including the public debt, for the
same period. The second table was explanatory
of the third column of the first one; and the two,
taken together, would enable every citizen to see
the actual expenditures, and the comparative ex- i
penditures, of the Government for the whole pe.
nod which he had mentioned.
Mr. B. then examined the actual and the com-
parative expenses of two of the years, taken from
the two contia^ted periods referred to, and invoked
tne attention of the Senate to the results which the
comparison would exhibit. He took the first and
the last of the years mentioned in the tables—the
years 1824 and 1839—and began with the first
item in the first column. This showed the aggre-
eate expenditures for every object for the year
1824, to have been $31,898,538 47—very near
thirty-two millions of dollars, said Mr. B. and if
stated alone, and without explanation, very capab e
of astonishing the public, of imposing upon the íg.
norant, and of raising a cry against the dreadful ex-
travagance, the corruption, and the wickedness of
Mr. Monroe's administration. Takea by itself,
(and indisputably true it is in itself,) and this ag-
gregate of near thirty-two millions is very sufficient
to effect all this surprise and indignation in tbe
public mind; but, passing on to the second column
to see what were the expenditures, independent of
the public debt, and this large aggregate will b 
found to be reduced more than one half; it sinks
to J15.330.144 71. This is a heavy deduction; bat
it i< not all. Passing on to the third column, and
it is seen that the actual expenses of the Go-
vernment for permanent and ordinary objects, in-
dependent of the temporary and extraordinary
ones, for this same year, were only $7,107,892 05,
being less than the one-fourth part ot the aggregate
of nea' thirty-two millions. This looks quite rea-
sonable, and goes far towards relieving Mr. Mon-
roe's administration from the imputation to which
a view of the aggregate expenditure lor the year
would have subjected it. But, to make it entirely
satisfactory, and to enable every citizen to under-
stand the important point of the Government ex-
penditures—a point on which the citizens of a free
and representative Government should be always
well informed—to attain this full satisfaction, let us
pa>c ot to the second table (marked B) and fix onr
eyes on its first column, under the year 1824 We
shall there find every temporary and extraordinary
object, and the amount paid on account of it, the
deduction of which reduced an aggregate of near
ihirty-two millions to a fraction over seven
millions We shall there find the explana-
tion of the difference between the first pnd
third columns. The first item is the sum of
$16,568,393 76, paid on account of the prin-
cipal and interest of the public debt. The
sfcondi" the sum of $4,891,386 56, paid to mer-
chants for indemnities under the treaty with Spain
of 1819, by which we acquired Florida. The third
is $5,510 27 paid to States for claims on accouit
of war dtbts. The fourth is $47,714 53 for the
three per centum to the new States on the lands
sold within their limit". The filth is $17,000 on
account of the two per centum to the Cumberland
road. The filth is $4,373 19 for the survey of
the coast. The sixth is $423,342 46 for collecting
materials for the gradual increase of tlie navy, and
the impro\ ement of the navy yards. The seventh
i  $180,309 67 for durable public buildings. The
eighth is $429,972 04 for bridges and lort fica-
tions. The ninth is $56,955 99 for roeds, ca-
nals, and breakwaters, and improvements in
rivers and harbor:, except the Cumberland
road, which was slated by itself. The tenth
is $171,155 43 for providing arms for the militia of
the United States, and for aiming the fortifications.
The eleventh is $1,267,600 41, for all pensions,
except those of invalids. The twelfth is $429,-
987 90 for purchasing land from Indians, and
paying frr Indian depredations. The thirteenth,
and last i em, is the sum of $296,960 21 [or mis-
cellaneous objects, and for property lost, or inju-
ries committed, during hostilities with any po er.
The to'al of all these items, except the public debt,
is $8,222,252 66. This total, added to the sum
paid on account of the public t^b*, makes close
upon twentj-five millions of dollars; and this, de-
ducted from the aggregate of near thirty-two mil-
lions, leaves a fiaction over seven million - [or tbe
real expenses of the Government—the ordinary
and permanent expenses—dnnng the last year of
Mr. Monroe's administration.   This is certainly a
