Jane, 1840.
26th CoMO.—t9T Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Williams.
527
H. of Reps.
present the issue, whether the many or the few—
whether responsible or irresponsible power, shall
predominate in the administration of the Govern-
ment?
The bill under consideration recognises the su-
premacy and the capaciiy of the people for self-
government, by entrusting the safekeeping and
the disbursements of the public revenue to mdivi-
•dual agents, appointed by, and responsible to, the
Government of the people, for the use and benefit,
not of a c'ass or corporation, but of the whole peo-
ple. Under this system, the equal rights and sove-
reignty of the people are not only theoretically, bat
practically acknowledged.
The bank deposite system, on the other hand,
necessarily restricts the practical sovereignty of
the people, by entrusting the revenue to the pos-
session and use of corporations, unknown to the
Constitution of the United States, having charters
irrepealable by Congress, and being incapable of
ignominious punishment.   It takes the public mo-
ney, raised for the public service, converts it into
bank paper, and, as has been truly said, leaves the
Government with only a mere  right of action
against the incorporations entrusted with its keep-
ing.   Is such a system calculated to give supre-
macy to the popular will?   No, sir: it renders the
Government dependent upon institutions irrespon-
sible to the people.   The tendency, if not the de-
sign of it, is, not so much the safekeeping of the
revenue, as to secure to the favored few the use
and control of it.   But the control of the revenue
is an important branch of sovereignty.   Shall this,
then, be transferred to irresponsible banking cor-
porations?   If it is, what becomes of the boasted
sovereigtty of the people? It is an old maxim, "to
divide severe gnty is to destroy it."   The moment,
then, our revenue is controlled by the banks, it
ceases to be by the people; and our Government,
so far as the control of the revenue is concerned,
ceases to be a Government of the people, and be-
comes one of money changers.   Its character is
changed—the sovereignty departs from the people
—is transferred from the many to the few.
Such a system may not be inconsistent with the
theories of other Governments, for they lodge the
sovereignty and the right to govern in the hands oí
a class. But it is not so with us; for here the peo-
ple are supposed to be wiser and more competent
than the few to govern and control. Hence to
delegate to the members of corporations, associated
together for the mere purposes of private gain, the
choice of the fiscal agents of Government, is
clearly contrary to the spirit of our free institutions—
is anti-democratic. It assumes the aristocratic piin-
ciple, and strikes at the very root of liberty.
The same course of reasoning that leads to a
transfer of the fiscal operations of Government to
moneyed associations, would lead to a like trans-
fer of its various other departments. If members
of corporations—the moneyed few—are better
qualified than the people, or their responsible repre-
sentatives, to choose the fiscal agents, as is done in
the choice of bank officers, under the deposite sys-
tem, does it not follow that they must be so in the
choice of the Executive, Judicial, and Legislative,
officers of Government? Incompetency in the one
ease clearly implies it in the others.
An insuperable objection is thus presented, in
the very outset, to the bank deposite system.
It is clearly repugnant to the first great principles
of our Government—the sovereignty and capacity
of the people for self-government.
Bnt it is stongly urged against the measure un-
der consideration, that it will injure the manufac-
turer and rob labor of its honest reward.   If I be-
lieved, Mr. Chairman, such was to be the effect
or tendency of the measure, I would be one of the
last to support it; for I know of no interest more
worthy the fostering care of Government than that
of labor.   I know of no portion of the community
that has stronger claims for protection than the
laborers of onr country.   Whatever of prosperity
it has enjoyed, has been mainly derived from their
hands.  They have been the source of its wealth,
aBd the architects of its glory.   Through their
effort  the forest has bowed, and the wilderness
been made joyful with the notes of industry and
freedom.  Towns, cities, and States, have sprang
into being, and the mighty tide of empire and of
civilization has been sweeping on, on each revolv-
ing year, with new and accelerated rapidity, to the
broad waters of the Pacific.
But the charge is made, and how is it sustained?
How is the anticipated effect to be produced?   I*
it, as contended, by the prostration, of banks, of cre-
dit, and of a  paper currency?   And is this bill
adequate to produce such results?   No, sir. There
is nothing in it to endanger sound and well regu-
lated banking institutions.     It provides for  the
separation of Government from the vicissitudes of
business,  and from the corrupt abuses of which
banks are the source; but it makes no war upon
them.   It encroaches not upon their rights.    Il is
a n? en  dissolution of partnership.   The measure
l«aves them to their own resources, and the indul-
gent care of their creators, the State Legislatures.
Will this, sir, destroy the banks?   Not, surely, if
they have any solid basis to rest upon.   The idea
that a mere separation will prove their destruction,
can only be founded on  the supposition of iheir
entire and inherent weakness and rottenness.   If
they are sound institutions—if they have any bet-
ter foundation than publio credulity—they can and
will exist, notwithstanding the passage of this bill.
It is not a measure offensive but defensive, and
necessary to the independence, protection, and pro-
per administration of the Government.   The mo-
ment the public money is deposited in the banks,
the dangerous power is given to a privileged class
to bankrupt the Treasury, and arrest the wheels of
G)vernment.   The   experiment  has   been tried.
With over thirty millions of surplus revenue on
band, we have seen the Government, through their
plighted faith, not only depiived of its use, and
embarrassed, but denounced for its poverty and
bankruptcy.   Shall the   humiliating spectacle of
1837 be again presented to the world?   Let us, sir,
at least save the Republic from such discredit and
disgrace, by the passage of the bill under conside-
ration.
This, sir, is necessary, not only to render the
funds of the Government available for the uses of
he Government, bu.t to the uniform action of the
tanks themselves. It will check overaction by
withdrawing from their use the public money, the
most active cause of the wide spread embarrass-
ments of 1837. This induces them to expand
most when money is plenty, and to contract most
when their assistance is most needed to save the
business community from bankruptcy and ruin.
Confine them to their own resources, and they will
do a safer business; their circulation will be more
uniform than when banking upon the uncertain
amount of the public money in deposite. As this
varies, not only from year to year, but in different
parts of the same year, the use of it by the banks,
as a basis for issue or discount, must inevitably
tend to increase fluctuation, unsettle markets, and
aggravate all the evils of our banking system.
Such, sir, was the opinion of the late President
of the United States Bank before the present mea-
sure was proposed and made the dividing line of
parties. Upon the reorganization of that Bank, in
1836, he not only declared the Bank "safer,
stronger, and more prosperous than it ever m «j," but
that "it idos an original misfortune in the structure ef
the Bank that it was in any way connected with per-
son  in office. The instincts of all political power
make that association dangerous—useful to neither
party—injurious to both."
But it is objected that it will withdraw the pub-
lic money from the business\>f the country. What
right, sir, have the banks and merchants to its cus-
tody and use? Is our revenue raised for the sup-
port of Government, or for purposes of private
gain and speculation? Sir, we have no right to
tax the people, to collect a revenue, for such indi-
vidual and selfish pnrposes. Such dangerous pow-
er has not been delegated to Congress—has not
been surrendered by the people. Why, then, abuse
the taxing power? Why, then, pervert the public
revenue from its legitimate ends to enable bankers
and speculators to thrive upon the Government?
Our taxes are mainly collected from the consu-
mers—are paid about equally by the poor as well
as the rich. Why, then, should the bankers be the
only gainers by the people's money? Are they more
meritorious—truer or more devoted friends of
their country? If not, why shou'd the revenue go
to make the rich richei? Is it showing friendship
for the laboring community to exact the property
of the laborer in taxes, and take only the promises
of the banker?
Ti>e system, sir, is unequal, unjust, and danger-
ous. Il adds to the lauecuuty of ihe public money
in the Treasury, all the risks of banking, trading,
and speculation. It taxes the people not merely
for the support of Government, but to create a
fund for the use of a favored class. It is a species
of favoritism at war with sound morality, with Re-
publican legislation, and unworthy of a free and
enlightened people.
Strong exceptions have been taken to the provi-
sions of the bill for the collection of the  revenue
in gold and silver.   To all that has been urged on
this head, it u a sufficient answer, that no other
currency is recognised by  th  Constitution—that
no other currency will enable the Government to
meet the demands which may be made upon the
Treasury.     Every citizen has the right,  by the
laws of the land, to exact specie in the payment
of his debts.   Why should the Government be
content with less?   My colleague [Mr. Cüshinq]
gives, as a reason, that it will furnish one and a
superior currency for the Government, and ano-
ther and inferior one for the people.    But how so,
when it only exercises a right secured to every citi-
zen? How is it to benefit the office holders, if our
bank paper is redeemable in, and, as contended,
equivalent to gold and silver?   It will not then af-
fect prices; it will not then command a premium;
and of course it will then confer no benefit to the
office holder.   But when the reverse is the case—
when paper ceases to be the representative of what
it purports to be—ceases as a whole to be convert-
ible i&to specie—in a word, becomes depreciated—
in that case, my colleague admits, it should not be
received into the Treasury.
In either view, then, there is no soundness in the
objection. It mistakes altogether the character of
our free institutions. While our Government is a
Government of the people, the interests of the two
cannot be distinct. What is best for the Govern-
ment will then be best for the people.
Nor is there any just ground to fear that its ope-
ration will drain the banks, and accumulate the
specie of the country in the vaults of the Treasu-
ry. The calls for specie will not be sufficient in
amount to produce such effects. As the disburse-
ments are going out during the whole process of
receipts, but a small amount of specie will be re-
quired to meet the wants of the Treasury. Large
estimates have been presented to alarm the coun-
try. But such are not the opinions of those who
possess the best means of arriving at accurate con-
clusions. After full investigation, it is believed
the whole amount required will not exceed four or
five millions. This is ihe estimate of the Secreta-
ry of the Treasury, founded upon the past action
of the Government. Now if the whole of this
amount should be withdrawn in a single year, it
would not cause a greater variation than has often
been produced, during the same period, by the ope-
rations of commerce. But as the change is to be
gradual, and ample time is allowed for specie to
flow in to supply the place of such as may be re-
quired for the use of Government, the bill affords
no ground whatever to fear the consequences pre-
dicted.
Indeed, the very supposition, that such effects
are to flow from the bill, is negatived by the argu-
ments of every gentleman who has yet addressed
the House on the subject. For while they have la-
bored to create the belief that this measure will
hoard specie, destroy banks, and introduce an ex-
clusive metallic currency, they have hesitated not
at the same time to denounce it as a Treasury
Bank—"a rag manufactory"—whose issues are
destined to enter largely into the circulating medi-
um of the country. Both arguments, it is evident,
cannot be sound; and I leave it to the country to
say whether either is; and whether such reasoning
and inconsistency can have aBy better foundation
than an attempt to mislead and deceive the people
into subserviency to party views and party aggran-
disement.
