598
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
26th Cong""1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Williams.
H. of Reps.
But the opponents of this measure have not
been content with merely predicting evil from
its future operations. In their zeal to render it
odious to the people, they have gone further,
and charged upon the policy of the Administra-
tion, in introducing the bill, all the curtailment
of business, all the reduction of prices, and of
the rates of wages, that hare taken place dur-
ing the last six months. This is a very brief,
and it may be a very politic way, for them to
accoBtit for the existing embarrassments; but,
sir, is it the true way? Why attribute to the
Government the present revulsion more than those
which occurred under prior Administrations? It
is not so great, so universal, or desolating, as
those under the reign of the United States Bank
in 1819, '22,  25, and ^-O. We have now
seen, in the Northern cities at least, but very
few failures; whereas at each of the former pe-
riods, they were very numerous. In 1825, during
the short space of two months, there were bo
less than eighty failures in the city of Boston
atone, exceeding in amount three millions of dol-
lars. And so great were the embarrassments
among manufacturers in 1829, that, within the
circle of ten adjacent miles of Providence, "up-
wards of twenty-five hundred people were suddenly
and unexpectedly thrown out of employment in
the short space of ten days!"
If such revulsions "fairly belonged to the vi-
brations of trade," as contended by an honorable
Senator, [Mr. Davis,] may not the one from which
the country is now recovering, be much more fair-
ly accounted for on other causes than the action
of this Administration? Why, then, attribute to
this source existing embarrassments? Is it not
losing sight of truth for party ends! Is it not
bearing false testimony against the Government of
the people? And is such conduct beoming pa-
triots intent only on their country's good ?
Sir, if there is stapnation of business, it is
bat the exhaustion consequent upon overaction
and excess. Merchants have overtraded, the
banks have overissued, and the States have
contracted debts beyond the bounds of prudence,
or their present ability to pay. These are the
sources of our country's embarrassments. And
what has the Administration done to produce
these unfortunate results? TJid it cause the
States to run up their debts in Europe to the
amount of $170,000,000 for wild projects of inter-
nal improvement? Did it charter Úie nine hun-
dred State banks, and flood the country with
their issues? Did it cause the banks to grant their
loaas and discounts to favored directors and
reckless speculators, instead of dividing them
among business men to uphold the business of
the country? No, sir; these are not the acs of
this Administration; nor is it answerable for their
bitter fruits—for the doings of the States actiBg in
their soverfign capacities. It is their unequal and
vicious legislation which has plunged the-eountry
into embarrassment, and to them belongs the
odious responsibility.
But we are told that States, where the friends
of the Administration have had the majority,
have largely increased their banking capital.
True, sir; but how was the increase effected? By
the votes of the majority |of the Democratic
members of those Legislatures? There are few,
if any, instances where such has been the cas>e,
The increase of banks has generally been caused
by the votes of the Opposition with the aid of a
few, perhaps interested, Democrats. If there are
instances to the contrary, they are but exceptions
to the general rule.
Nor is the Administration responsible for the
depression in the price of agricultural products.
Some of these, it is true, are now low; but not
more so than they have been periodically for the
last twenty years. From the following table, ex-
hibiting the prices of flour, beef, tobacco, and
pork, in the city of New York, it will be seen, that
the prices of each article named, was higher in
March last, than in 1834, in 1830, or in 1828:
Flour.        Beef.   Tobacco. Pork.
1828, March,     5.12a          6 00        44        8.62
"   Sept,         6.124         6.50          4          10.75
1829, March,     8.00           7.25         4i        9.87
"   Sept,          5.62           7.62Í       5          10.75
1830, March,     5.00            6.00         54         9 00
"   Sept,         5.25           6.00         44         9.87
1831,  March,     7.12           5.75         44       10.25
"   Sept,         5.87           4.874       44        1100
1832,Maich,      5 87           5.50         44        10.87
"    Sept,          G00           5.50         5          11.87
1833,  March,      6.25           5 50         —       10.75
"   Sept,         5.75           6.00         6          1187
1834, March,     4 75           5.75         61        10.00
"   Sept,         5.37           6.25         7           9.25
1835, March,     5.62           7.00         74       10.00
"   Sept,         5.874         8.62         8          14.25
1836,  March,     7.75           6.75         74        16.25
"   Sept,         9.25           7.25         74       18.25
1837, March,    12 00           8.50         74        18.25
!'    Sept,         9.62           9.00         74       13 00
1838, March,     8.12         1125         74       14.00
"    Sept,          8.50          12.00        124        18.50
1839, March,     8 37          11.50       114       1862
"„Sept,          6.50          11.00        10          13.00
1840, March, 5.75           9.25 11         13,00
The average price of flour per barrel, in Phila-
delphia, during the present Administration, has
exceeded $7 00; during General Jackson's last
term, according to a table published in Hazard's
Register, it was $6 16; during his first term, it
was $5 63; during Mr. Adams's term, it was $5 14;
and during Mr. Monroe's last term, it was $5 95;
thus showing, if high prices are to be the test of
merit, the preference is to be given to the present
over the preceaing1 Administrations.
But notwithstanding all this, we hear much said
about the fall of prices, as if it was something new
and unprecedented, and all the work of the Admi-
nistration. Is there any connection between the
two? What, sir, is price? It is defined as the re-
lative proportion existing between the amount of
money and the amount of commodities in the mar-
ket. It can, then, only be altered by an undue
depression or increase of the one or the other.
During the past year, we have witnessed both.
We have had a bountiful harvest, and a great cur-
tailment of bank issues; and hence the fail of
prices. But has the Administration caused either?
Has it increased the amount of commodities? No,
sir. These are not the fruits of our legislation,
but the products of industry and the seasons. To
charge the Administration, then, with the fall of
prices consequent upon the increase of the supply
in the market, amounts to nothing more nor less
than to denounce it for the gifts of a fruitful sea-
son and a beneficent Providence. Has Govern-
ment, th«n, diminished the amount of money or
currency? There is no evidence of such a deed
on the part of this Administration. It has passed
no law on the subject, but continues to reeeive the
same kind of money which has beea received into
the Treasury from the foundation of the Govern-
ment, with the exception of a short period during
the war.
The revulsion, then, which has taken plane in
prices, is not the act of this Administration, but is
the joint result of a bountiful harveit, and of the
acts of incorporations acting independent of this
Government, and arrayed in open hostility against
it. In other words, it is the natural operation of
those great laws of trade and currency, which lead
to a fall of prices when supply exceeds demand, or
when the currency becomes contracted, or as-
sumes a higher standard of value.
Nor has the objection any better foundation,
that the Administration design to degrade our la-
boring community to a level with that of European
countries. If this is "what the Administration
propose," my colleague says he can answer "that
Massachusetts will never accept such a policy."
N , sir; neither Massachusetts nor any other Slate
will accept it at the hands of this Administration,
for the good and conclusive reason that it has
adopted no such policy; advocates no such policy;
and can have no motive or intention to propose
any such degrading policy. The charge is no less
groundless than ridiculous. Neither this, nor any
other Administration, could produce such a result,
if they should entertain- the unholy wish. In mak-
ing the objection, gentlemen studiously keep out of
sight the vast difference between this country and
Europe, the character of our institutions, the con-
dition of our country, and the laws which regulate
the rates of wages. These are not determined
alone by the currency of a country, though it has
a very important bearing, but by the density of its
population, by their intelligence and enterprise,
and by all the circumstances that can affect con-
sumption or production. The greater the de-
mand, other things being the same, the higher
wages will be. But as the demand will be greater,
so will wages be higher, among asparse but free
and intelligent, than among a dense and oppressed
population. Hence wages are low in Europe, and
comparatively high here; and such will continue
to be the case, while there is a down trodden sur-
plus population in Europe, and while the enter-
prise and intelligence of our citizens, and our ex-
tensive public domain, afford ample resources
against any long continuad excess of supply be-
yond demand.
How perfectly preposterous then is it for gentle-
men seriously to accuse the Administration of the
design to reduce the free laborers of this country
to a level with those of Europe, by a mere requi-
sition of gold and silver in the receipts of the Trea-
sury. The change is altogether too great and radi-
cal to be produced by such a cause. It would re-
quire a revolution, not only in the system of oar
Government, but in the condition of our country,
and the character of our people. Before it could
be brought about, our liberties must be swallowed
up in despotism, the enterprise and intelligence of
our citizens be lost in luxury and sensuality, and
the wide spread aeree of our public land teem and
overflow with a half starved, ignorant, and king
oppressed population.
On what, then, rests the charge that the Adminis-
tration is hostile to laborers? The only evidence
which hasyet been adduced is the declaration of some
of the triends of the Administration of opposition
to the banking system. Now suppose such Appo-
sition to be entertained to the full extent repre-
sented; dees it follow that they are opposed to the
well being of the laborer? Is such a charge dedu-
cible from such premises? If it is, how stands the
case with the Opposition? Have none of its members
expressed similar hostility? Look, sir, at the opi-
nions avowed by the honorable John Tyler, the
Whig candidate fcr th« Vice Presidency. In a
speech delivered against the la'e United States
Bank, and published in the National Intelligen-
cer of April 6, 1819, he used the following empha*
tic language:
"For one, I enter my protest against the banking system as
conducted in this country—a system not to be supported by
any correct principles of political economy; a gross delusion,
the dream of a visionary—a system which hag done more to
corrupt the morals of society than any thing else; which hag
introduced a struggle for wealth, instead of that honorable
struggle which governs the actions of a patriot, and makes am|
bition virtue; which has made the husbandman spurn his cot-
tage, and introduced a spirit at variance with the simplicity 0/
our institution'). I call upon the warm advocates ot banking
now te surrender their errors. Shall I take them by the hand'
and lead them through our cities? Bankruptcy meets us a'
every step; ruin stares usevery where in the face. ShaU Ibe
told of the benefits arising to commerce from the concentration
of capital? Away with the delusion. Experience has exposed
its fallacy. True, for a moment, it has operated as a stimulus;
but, like ardent spirit, it has produced activity and energy but
for a moment: relaxation has followed, and the torpor of death
has ensued. When you first open your bank, much bustle en-
sues: a factitious goddess, pretending to be wealth, stands at
the door, inviting all to enter and receive accommodation;
splendid palaces arise; the ocean is covered with sails: but
some alteration in the state of the country takes place; and
when the thoughtless adventurer, seated "in the midst of his
family, in the imaginary enjoyment of permanent security,
sketches out to himself long and halcyon days, his prospects
are overshadowed, and misery, rum, and bankruptcy make
their appearance in the form of bank curtailments. If this be
true, and 1 appeal to the knowledge of all men for its truth, I
demand to know if you can put down the system to soon. Can
we too soon escape the dangers with which we are surrounded?
I know I shall be told that, even if we put down this barfk, the
State banks will still exist. Even if true, the position is nota
justifiable one. If the State Legislatures do not follow the ex-
ample which we set them, we shall have acquitted ourselves
of our duty. It ¡sail that can be asked of us. But, sir, we ac-
tually possess the iever of Archimides,,and have a footof
ground on which to rest it. Our revenue amounts to up-
wards of $20,000,000 annually. Require a fourth, or even a
sixth, to be paid in gold and silver—what would be the effectl
The merchant would collect the notes of banks, and demand
specie for them; and thus a test would be adopted by means
of which to ascertain the solvency of each institution. The de-
mand 0 f specie thus produced would have the beneficial effect
of introducing more of it into the country; for money is like
every other article, and will find its way to the market where
it is most wanting. The system might be enlarged gradually
untilyour wishes should be consummated."
Where, sir, in the range of our history, can you
find a bolder denunciation of oar whole banking
