June, 1840.
26th Cong..-.1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
535
Militia Report—Mr. Clay of Ala.
Semate.
100,000 militia at the public expense, which is a
distinct proposition, indep ndent of the four or five
millions of dollars, which would now be annually
expended for the military education of all the youth
of the united States. In the same letter of Gene-
ral Harrison to Governor Scott, he remarks:
"It will, no doubt, be urged as a reason for continuing the old
plan, (of muswnne the militia for short periods,) that the
poorer class of citizens cannot spare five or six weeks in a
year from their farms, to learn military duty I know they
cannot without being paid. But is not our Government able to
pay themi"
Remember this was more than thirty one years
ago; when our fiscal resources were not half equal
to what they now are; and how does he answer the
questio? "Is not oar Government able to pay them?"
He immediately follows the question by thi* an-
swer: "If not, they ought to make themselves so,
by laying on additional taxes."
What think you, Mr. President, of that idea for
a "retrenchment and reform candidate for the Pre-
sidency?" If the Government is not able to pay
the expense of mustering the militia for five or six
weeks m the year, "they ought 10 make themselves
so, by laying on additional taxes." Such are
General Harrison's views of economy ! However,
let us give him the benefit of his own argument,
which ibllowo:
"But I am persuaded that the money, which is devoted to
other objects, might be more usefully, and certainly more con-
Nstently, applied to this purpose. Under our present circum-
stances, the six thousand regular troops we hare, are very pro-
per, but 1 think that ene hundred thousand disciplined militia
would be better, and i hat the money which is spent in the form-
er, would soon effect the discipline of the latter. I am far from
thinking a fleet unnecessary, and (Aere is no man who attaches
mare importance to the improvement of our country by canals
and roods"
Thus, sir, (said Mr. Clay.) if Mr. Poinsett is
for training the militia annually, for a period not
exceeding thirty days, General Harrison is for train-
ing them five or six weeks. The maximum of the
of the former is thirty days; that of the latter is
forty-two days.
Is Mr. Poinsett in favor of paying the militia
for the time spent in training? So is General Har-
rison; and, if the money be not in the Treasury,
it ought to be raised " by laying on additional
taxes."
The Senator from South Carolina h?s even
seiaed upon particular words—snch as, when the
men are being trained, they are spoken of as be-
ing in "service," and as being "paid" for their
services, and furnished "rations," Ac. Such are
the expedients to which the gentleman resorts to
excite and to keep up prejudices, and sustain the
imputation of a contemplated standing army.
Mr. C. said he would not spend much time in
combating such arguments as these; he would,
however, remind the gentleman of a maxim,
with which, from his profession, he should be fa-
miliar—<ju  hceret in liter*, hceret in co.tice—and
that, in placing a construction upon a sentence or
paragraph, at all doubtful or obscure, reference
should always be had to the context. Pursuing
this principle, it would be very obvious that the
terms which he had noticed, were applied to the
time, subsistence, and remuneration of the corps
to be disciplined. But (Mr. C. said) if the gen-
tleman would put himself to the trouble of ex-
amination, he might find precedent enough for
the use of such terms m the same high autho-
rity—the resolution, letter, and reports of his fa-
vorite chief, (General Harrison,) as well as in
the report of General Enox. Mr. C. said he
thought it should be sufficient to exempt Mr.
Poinsett from very severe censure, or reproach,
with any friend of General Harrison, to show
that he was sustained by his example; and he
woHld be glad to know from the Senator from
South Carolina how it was that he could condemn
the Secretary of War with such unsparing bit-
terness lor his projet; and, m the same breath,
ring pasans of unqualified praise in behalf of his
great Whig leader, who had gone immeasurably
farther?
If additional evidence were required to show the
ultra views of General Harrison upon the subject
of training and disciplining the militia, it is to be
found in his proposition to extend the power al-
ready conferred on the General Government by an
amendment of the Constitution, which he offered in
the House of Representatives of tke United States
on the 28th February, 1817; and again at the en-
suing session of Congress, so determined was he
on his purpose. Omitting the preamble, which is
merely formal, the amendment proposed is in the
following words:
"Congress shall, concurrently with the States, have power
to provide for training themiliua, according to the discipline
prescribed for that purpose, and, whilst engaged in that service,
they shall be subject to the rules and regulations prescribed
for the government of the mill ia when in the military service
of the United States; and, also, to piovide for teaching, in the
primary schools and other seminaries of learning in the several
States, the system of discipline prescribed lor the militia "
Sir, what an immense accumulation of power
to the General Government was here sought to be
effected! Nothing less than the power now be-
longing to the States, which, added to that already
possessed by Congress, under the Constitution as
it is, would have eventuated in nothing short of
consolidation. The committee have given their
construction of it in their report; I yet believe it to
be sound, and, as neither its accuracy nor justice
has been questioned by the friends of General
Harrison, so far as I have heard, I will here adopt
it as my own.    The committee remark:
'•It will be borne in mind, that the existing provision of the
Constitution expressly reserves *to the States, respectively, the
appointment of the officers, and authority of training the mili-
tia, acc«rding to the discipline prescribed by Congress ' The
object of the proposed amendment of the Constitution, which
will be found appended to this report, was to give Congress,
'concurrently with the States,' the 'power to provide for train-
ing the militia,'and further declaring, that 'whilst engaged in
that service [that is, being trained} they shall be subject to the
rules and regulations prescribed for the government of the mi-
litia, when in the military service of the United States," «fee.
"The effect of this amendment to the Constitution, if it had
been adopted, would have been to concede to the authorities of
the GeneralfGovemment, whenever it might be deemed expe-
dient to exercise it, the most ample power to train and disci-
pline the militia, m such manner, and for such length of time,
as Congress might have directed or authorized, limned only by
their discretion Conferring on Congress, in general terms,
power concurrently with the States—and, of course, to the same
extent—discretionary authority might have been given to the
President, or any other functionary of the General Government,
to have trained the militia, in any number, at any place, at any
season, and for any portion of the year. Further, it would have
subjected them, expressly, while being trained or disciplined, to
the same ' rules and regulations prescribed for he government
of the militia, when in the military service of the United Siates;'
in other words, it would have subjected them, in time of peace,
and when assembled for the mere purpose of being trained or
disciplined to' the rules and articles of war.'"
Let it be remembered, sir, that when this amend-
ment was offered, the rules and articles of war per-
mitted severe and ignominious cerporal punish-
ments to be inflicted on regular soldiers for many
offences considered trivial by those in private life.
What a stretch of power, to inflict such punish-
ments on militia, for slight insubordination, or
trifling derelictions of duty, whilst being trained in
time of peace!
But, Mr. President, (said Mr. C ) I must pause
in my reply to the Senator from South Carolina,
till 1 make some answer to a portion of the re-
marks which fell from the Senator from Ken-
tucky, who, I regret, is not now in his seat. The
other day, amongst other remarks I had the ho-
nor to submit, on this same subject, without any
intention to provoke a debate on the political prin-
ciples of General Harrison, in reply to the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, I expressed my surprise
that he, professing the principles of a State Rights
politician, could enter so warmly into the support
of a "black cockade Federalist."   The remark
was casual and incidental, and it was not then
my purpose to dwell upon the subject any furlher.
The Senator from Kentucky, however, seen  to
have determined not to suffer the remark to pass
by unnoticed—for he has obviously, with some
preparation, entered into a formal defence of Ge-
neral  Harrison's  political  character,   and  has
brought forward evidence to exculpate him from
the charge.   I am not accustomed to make impu-
tations against any man, unless upon grounds at
least satisfactory to myself; and, whenever I am
charged with so doing, I feel bound to sustain the
accusation, or to make the amende htnorcMe.   I am
not disposed to depart from that rule on this occa-
sion; and, as I confidently believe the charge to
be well founded, I shall endeavor to sustain it.
In allusion to my remark, the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] deprecated the terms
employed, which were no other than those I have
mentioned, as approbrious epithets. However
they may be politically, they certainly arenotjjer-
tonally   approbrious, and  were not so intended
when used by me.   But, sir, the time was, when,
so far from being regarded as odious, or offensive,
the name of Federalist was courted by many of the
distinguished men of this country as highly hono-
rable.    As a political party name, it had it* origin
w.th the Constitution itself.   This country  then,
as  it always has been,  was divided into two grsat
parties.    One of those parties  was in favor of so
framing the Constitution, as to centralize all pos-
sible power in  the Federal, or General Govern-
ment; they objected  to the Constitution because it
did not give sufficient power, and therefore  took
the name of Federal party.   The other paity was
opposed to building up too strong a Government
here, and, on  that ground,  many of the distin-
guished sages and patriots t f the Revolution depre-
ca'ed  the adoption of the  Constitution—they be-
lieved it delegated too much power—they were in
favor of r  laining more power with th? States—
and were then called the Republican or Democratic
party.    Notwithstanding the opposition of many
of the latter party, however, the Constitution was
adopted.     Yet the contest between these parties
did not end here.    No sooner was the Govern-
ment organized, than the Federalists those  who
had been in favor of giving great powers to this
Government by express delegation, began a struggle
to extend its powers by construction.   The Re-
publicans insisted that the Government should be
restricted to the powers expressly delegaUd, and those
absolutely necessary and proper for carrying them
into execution.   The Federalists maintained, most
absurdly, as the other party has always believed, that
the words "promote the general welfare," m th« pre-
amble to the Constitution, constituted a substantive
and distinct grant   of power, when it   was merely
amongst the inducements to the actual delegations
of power, which followed in the body of the instru-
ment.   This wa* the plain line of demarkation be-
tween the two great political parties, at the founda-
tion of the Government; and, sir, it has continued
down to the present day.   The first united Slates
Bank, and other  kindred measures',   during the
Administration   of   General   Washington,   were
those of the Federal party, headed by Hamilton,
and designed to enlarge and increase the power of
this Government.   The alien and sedition laws,
for whose constitutionality no one is   now bold
enough to contend, and the large standing army of
the elder Adams, with the badge called the "black
cockade," were the  distinguishing characteristics
of his administration; and to call a man a "black
cockade Federalist," is simply to designate him as a
friend and supporter of that Administration.  This,
sir, is what I intended, when I applied the name to
General Harrison—no more.
Now, sir, the question arises, did the facts justi-
fy me in so characterizing him? I do not hesitate
to maintain, they did; and I go further, and will
show by proofs, most conclusive and satisfactory,
that the whole history of his subsequent political
life has but gone to confirm and stamp that cha-
racter upon him. Upon what evidence do I rely
to convict him of black cockade Federalism? It is
this: In the first place, the evidence of the late
John Randolph of Virginia, who charged him to
his teeth, upon this very floor of the Senate, with
having been 'an open, zealous, frank supporter of
the sedition law, and black cockade Administra-
tion." And did General Harrison deny the charge?
Did he, as an innocent man, feeling the imputation
to be opprobrious and unwarrantable, repel it, and
roundly contradict Mr. Randolph, and defy him to
the proof? No, sir; no. Listen to his qualified,
evasive, and disingenuous answer:
"Mr. Harrison said that he could not refrain from making tarn
acknowledgments to the gentleman from Virginia for the no-
tice be had been pleased to take of him. He has been pleased
to say that, m the administration of Mr. Adams, I was a Fede-
ralist, and he comes to that conclusion from the course pursued
by me in the session of 1799-1800.' At that session, the gentle-
man and myself met for the first time—he in tke station of Re-
presentative from Virginia, and I m the more humble one of
Delegate from the Northwestern Territory. Having no vote,
I did not think it proper to take part in the dtscussionofany
of the great political questions which divided the two parties.
My business was to procure the passage of the bills which I
had introduced for the benefit of the people I represented. Tke
gentleman had no means of knowing my political principles,
unless he obtained them in private conversation. As I was
upon terms of intimacy with the gentleman, it is very pro-
bable that he might have heard me express sentiments favo-
roMt t  the then Administration. 1 certainly felt them—so
far, at least, a  to the course pursued by it in relation to the
