5*6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£6tii Cokg "1>t Sbbs.
Militia Reports—Mr. Clay of Jila.
June, 1840.
Senate.
Otvrnmrnt 0/ Frantt.    Nor (* kl Mr. H ) teas I unsup-
ported in ih i opinion by those who hail a right to conm' hit
actions, if n >trov opinions.     In no purl ot the «ountry were
i!kv  mwuni inora decidedly approbated Ui.inhy my imme
riiats constituents—the Legislature ol the Northwestern Tein
ton, as the address of that bodv to the President during that
session wil1 show.  For Mr. Adams (-said Mr II )/entertained
alihmttit *, mndkaet ertr tmct enter tamed, Ihe greateet
retpett.   1 believed him to bo Ol honest man and a pure pa
triot, and hu conduct during that session  proved hun to be
sach.    This opinion I **-,««" (said Mr II ) ttcw entertained 6y
IkoM fro abie and ttfrtfhi tintuwten, John Marshall and
Jante* A. Bayard."
In this extract from General Harrison's reply
to Mr. Randolph, he ays "Having no vote, I
did not think it proper to take part in 'he discussion
oí any of the peat political questions which di-
vided the two perúes." Was nut the standing ar-
my of John Adama, and its redaction, one of "the
(rent political questions which divided the two par-
né ?" Who can deny it? I would hazard little in
«ay ing, there is not a man now living in the United
States, who was then an intelligent boy ol ten year-
old, who does not know that the large standing ar-
my of the elder Adams was one nf the prominent
measures of his Administration. It was cause of
great alarm to the whole Republican party—nay,
sir, to all the friends of constitutional liberty—that
wuh the then limited ressurcesof the country, its
Government in the hands of those who had endea-
vored, in the very formal ion of the Confutation,
to aggregate and centralize in it all power, and in
ft time of peace, that a law should have been pass-
ed, in little more than a year after the commence-
ment of that Administration, "to augment the ar-
my of the united States" to the amount of "twelve
additional regiments of infantry, and six troops of
ligtt dragoons, and to appoint two Major Generals,
an Inspector General, three Br:gadier Geneials,
and an Adjutant General." Why, sir, I have ni t
had time to turn to the act and ascertain the pre-
cise number of men to a regiment, but if the same
■amber wms then required, as now, to constitute
one, e%eh regiment contained more than seven
hrnidred men, and twelve regiments of infantry,
ind six troops of light dragoons, would have
amounted to an addiuon of nine thousand men;
and probably augmenting the whole army to
twelve thousand. We must have quadrnpled our
resoarces since that period, and our need of regular
troops has perhaps increased in proportion. We
have been, since the commencement of this Admi-
nistration, as much in danger of a war with Great
Britain, as wt then were in danger of a war with
France. Suppose Mr. Van Buren bad called for
& proportionate augmentation of the standing ar-
my, it woold have increased it to fifty thousand
men ! What Republican, what patriot, woold not
have bad canse of alarm? Why, sir, even the Op-
position, the Federal party of the present day, as
they are out of power, would havesonndel the
tocsin of alarm throughout the mountains and val-
leys of this wide spread Confederacy, and would
hive railed on the people to come to the rescue.
Whether thty would, or not, sure I am, that every
Democrat -would have denoanced the Presidentas
a desertar from his professed principles, and have
abandoned his support forever.
Then, sir, it is fair to set down the proposition
pending injJanuary, 1800,to repeal the law creating
'he standing army of the elder Adams, as one of
"the great political questions which divid'd the two
parties"—the declaration of General Harrison to
the contrary notwithstanding; and agaioM that
proposition he voluntarily made a speech in the
Home of Representatives of the United States, on
the 9th of January, 1800.
In tbe same speech, matte in the Senate in reply
to Mr. Randolph's charge that he was "an open,
■ealons, and frank supporter of the sedition law,
•ad black cockade Administration," General Har-
rison also made this remark: "The gentleman [Mr.
Randolph] bad no means of knowing my political
principles, unless be obtained them in private con-
versation." Yet be made the speech in* support of
the standing army, as already mentioned, and un-
necessarily, I may add, except to show bis "zeal"
in support of "tbe sedition law and black cockade
Administration"—as, being authorized to give no
vote, he, of coarse, had none to explain. But, af-
ter these disingenuous attempts at evasion, he
makes a contingent confession, by saying: "As I
was upon terms of intimacy with the gentleman,
[Mr. Randolph,] it is very probable that he might
have heaul me express sentiments tavorable to the
then Administration " And he concludes h'S rep'y
on ibis point, by the avowal ol hi  brlu-f in the
pure patriotism of Mr. Adams, and bringing to h.s
support the concurrence of "¡hose two able and
upright statesmen, John Marshall and James A.
Bayard"—two gentlemen distinguished for ultra ,
Federalism throughout their lives! Is it not a li'-
tle singular that geneial Harrison never brings for-
ward a Republican witness to prove his own Re-
publicanism? We have had exhibited, in the
course of this debate, the certificate ol Judge Bur
net, of Cincinnati, who avows himself to have
been hereiolore a Federalist, (nor does he pretend
to have changed,] to prove General Harrison to have
been a Jefferson an Republican' I shall remark
on this testimony hereafter. Let tlie old General
now speak for himself. Here is the resolution for
the repeal ot the laws which had augmented the
array to the truly alarming extent already no-
ticed:
"Rttolvxi, That so much of the act paused the 16th ol July,
one thousand seven hundred and iiinrty.etghi, untitled 'An act
to augment the army of the 1 uted State.-", and for other pur
posers' as Authorizes the President ol the United States to rai<e
twelve additional legiinents 01 mtantry and six troupe of light
dragoons, ami to appoint two majot generals, an mspectoi ge
neral, three brigadier generals, and an adjutant general; and
so much of the act passed the third of Match, one thousand
seveu huudred and muety-mne, entitled 'An act lor the better
organizing of the troops ol the United State , and for other pur-
poses,' a* authorizes the appointment of a commander or the
army, and a quartermaster geneial, ought to be repe i!ed
'•Ordered, That the said motion be cummitted to a committee
of the whole House."
On the 8th January, 1800, Mr Harrison, (the present General
William Henry Harrison, the nominee ol the HarriBburg Con-
vention for the Piesidency,) made a speech against the above
resol atina.
This speech is to be found m Duane's Aursra of the 5th Febru-
ary, 1800, anil is therein thus reported.
''Mr. Harrison said. The resol ution has been so ably spoken
to,'that it could not be expected to receive any new light from
what he should add; but when it wis recollected that he had
no other way of expressing his opinion on any subject that came
before the House, than by taking p-u: in the debate—nut hav
ing a vote in the House—he trusted he need make no apology
lor rising on the present subject, which to him appeared an im-
portant one "
"He was fully of opinion that the disbanding so large a por-
tion of the military force would be attended with disastrous
consequence  In giving this opinion, he was sute he spoke
that of nine-tenths of his constituents, and that they wou'd with
much more readiness bear their proportion of the expense
which would be necessary to maintain these lorces than that
they should be disbanded.
'The employment of his past life, Mr. Harrison said, had
led him In believe that too much reliance was placed on the
militia Were valor or alertness the only requisites in the for-
mation ol a good soldier, he should willingly give tne milina
that character. But these are only partial qualities compared
with those whom they may be called to meet What would
their valor do if attacked by the military tactics of a Booaparte
ora Maaaana! Nothing short of discipline will do for our forces
And are our imlitta well disciplined!   No, sir. they are not
''Mr. Hamson said he had experienced the inconvemenees of
a militia army. In 1794, he went out with a number of the mi
litu of hu part of the country against the Indians. When
bro'ight into action they behaved very well; they did not wani
eonrace, butafter a very short service they wan'ed to go home;
they were anxious to see their families, and therefore numbers
desertedand left the army in a state which was almost the cause
of It  destruction.
"He bad experienced seven years' service with the militia
but was sorry iosay,sueh was their conduct that he never coulü
think of trusting the country entirely to their protection They
might do well with regular troops, and nodoubt would Under
these impressions, and from this experience, be knew he spoke
the will of a great proportion of his constituents—he sincerely
hoped the resolution would not pass "
This wasGfn. Harrison's speech in favor of the
enormousstandm* army of the elder Adams, whicb,
perhaps, created as much excitement and alarm as
any other measure of his od'ous and execraf le ad-
ministration. He said "he had experienced the in-
convenience of a militia army—after a very short
service they wantid to go home, they were anxious
to see their families, and, therefore, numbers de-
serted, and left the army in a stale which was al-
most the cause of its destruction." "He had
experienced seven years' service with the militia,
but was sorry to say, snch was their conduct, that
he could never think of trusting the country entirely
to their protection " Very complimentary to our
citizen soldiery, indeed' To say nothing of many
similar victories, who fought the victorious battles
against the Creek Indians, in the war of 1812 ?
The militia. Who won the ever-memorable victo-
ries of the 23d of December, 1814, and the 8th of
January, 1815, below New Orleans? Mainly, the
militia. Yes, sir, and whenever they have good
and brave officers to command them—a Washing-
ton, a Jackson, and many others who might be
named— they will achieve like deeds o'' valor and
glory, and crown themselves with never fading
laurnh.
One other view, Mr. President, of thi- celebrated
speech, which has faittinaiely riven up to bear wit-
nes-i in the causa of truth and justice, and I shall
pass on to other matters. All the Republican
members of the House—I have heard of but one
exception—voted against Grn. Harrison's senti-
ments and speech: al the Federalist'!, I believe,
(certainly the most distinguished,) voted as he
spoke, asain.st reducing Adams's .standing army.
He made bis speech on the 9lh ol January, 1800.
On fie Uth of May, 1800, (just lour calendar
months ami three days therealter) he was nomina-
ted bv President Adams the elder, to be Governor
of Indiana, and on the next day hu nomination was
confirmed by the Senate. Striking coincidence'
1 coneur with otheis in the opinion, th it, ''Irom the^e
facts, the i e can he no doubt that Gen. Hanison
was complete yidrntihed wuh iheold Federal party,
as it existed widtr the administration «1 John
Adams." Piesident Adams, l.ke all oihers holding
the power ot appointment, prclerted his Iriends to
hisemmies. It is right ihal it should be io. 1
have no hesitancy in avowin  thai, character and
qualifications being equal, or nearly so, I should
always appoint my political friends, rather than my
enemies. Well, sir, how does ihe honorable Sena-
tor from K*ntncky [Mr. Crittenden] atempt to
exculpate his friend Gen. Hamsun Iroii his dilem-
ma? Why, he say* cvety body knows that Mr.
Randolph was an eccentric man ! Truly he was—
b'U he was a man of extraordinary memory, as
well as genius—he spoke of facts—nobody ever
questioned his veracity, or honor, or honesty. Be-
sides, even Gen. Harrison made no unqualified de-
nial—but he testifies against him-elf, and in support
of Mr. Randolph's charge, m nis speech last no-
ticed—out of his own mouth is he condemned.
But the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittsn-
din] brings forward iheletter,orcertificate of Judge
Burnet, belore al uded to, as evidence of General
Harrison's political orthodoxy. And what does
he say? Hear him speak, iu his letter to Mr.
Southgate of Kentucky, which iollow.s:
"Cincinnati, Feb. 27,1840.
"My Dear Sir I remark, in reply to your letter of this morn
ing, that, during the tontest between Mr Jefferson and the el-
der Adams, Generi1 Hamson and myself were residing in the
Northwestern Territory, and of course had not the privilege of
voting At that time I was ui habits of gr* at intimacy with Gen
Hirrtson, although I was a Federalist, (honestly so,) and he a
Republican of the Jefferson school. I supp rted Adams warm-
ly, and he, with equal warmth, supportedMr. Jefferson. Dur-
ing the controversy, from 1796 inclusive, I conversed and ar-
gued withatm times without number—he sustaining Mr. Jef-
ferson, and I Mr Adams. You may assure your friend that
there was not a more consis(tnt,decided supporter of Mr Jeffer-
son in the Northwestern Territory than Gen Harrison For the
truth of this declaration I most willingly pledge my reputation
•'I state to you what I baw, and heard, and know. When the
Alien and Sedition law passed, the General was nota member
of Congress He neither voted, nor had an opportuniy of vot-
ing on that law
"Your friend,
"J. BURNET
"Hon Wm Bocthoate "
Upon this letter, Mr. President, I remark, in tbe
first place, Judge Burnet  avows that he "was n
Fedeialist,  (hon's'ly so.'*)   No doubt; and as he
does not sav he has ever changed, he is doubtless
still one.   The next thing I have to remark is on
the f ingulartty of the circumstance, that so intelli-
gent a friend of Gen. Harrison as Mr. Souihgate
is known to be, should omit and pass by all  the
old Republicans of '98 and '99—many of whom
are cer'amly now living in ihe Western country—
and call on a man, always known as a Federalist,
to prove the old General's Democracy !    Why,sir,
this seems to me to be "passing strange!"   If you
wished to prove a man a Christian, would you not
think it better to call on some member   of  the
church, to which he professed to belong, than upon
any oat door sinner, who, perhaps,   might   not
km w what constituted a Christian?   Another re-
mark I would make, is on  the ex raordinary fact,
that while, according to Judge Burnet, he "with
warmth supported Mr. Jefferson," in argument
with him, (privately, I suppose,) He supported John
Adams the elder in his public speeches in Con-
gress, as we have just seen!   Judge Burnet says,
"when the alien and sedition law passed,the General
(Harrison) was not a member of Congress.   He
neither voted, nor had an opportunity of voting,
