June, 1840.
26TH CoNS""lST Skss.
on that law." But he does not think proper to in-
form us how he wosld bare voted if he had had
that opportunity. Again, sir, those two gentlemen
were then opposed in politics—they now harmon-
ize -Judge Burnet was one of the Vic* Presidents
(Federalist as he acknowledges himself) of the
Harnsbnrg Convention, which unanimously no-
minated Gen. Harrison for President. Who has
changed? Do Federalists, as a bodv, usually no-
minate or support Republicans for office?
Mr. President,   we have somewhat seen what
Federalism was in the beginning, and during the
reign of the elder Adams: has it changed?   No,
sir; whatever may have been the   mutations of
name they have found it expedient to adopt, the
principles of the party have remained unaltered.
True, sir, they have resorted to many devices to
get rid of the odium which has ever followed them,
or rather followed their doctrines, when brought
icto practical  operation;   but it will not do, so
'     long as the people remember the great landmaik*
I have already   mentioned.  After the hard fought
battles of '98 and >99, which   resulted in the tri-
umphant election of Mr Jefferson in 1300, they
soon found it in vain to attempt to get into power
under their original cognomen.    Hence, they tried
the experiment oi mitigating, if they could not en-
tirely remove the   odium brought upon them by
their reckless disregard of the restraints of the Con-
stitution.   They first coupled our name with their
own—«ailing   themseves   Federal  Republicans!
Thry fought hard, under this name, against all the
principles and policy of Mr. Jefferson's Admims- ,
tration; but they did not regain their lost power.
la despite of their opposition, Mr. Madison suc-
ceeded to the Presidency; and,  under the same
name, they continued the struggle throughout his j
Administration.    It  was  the Federal Republican ,
party (as they then called themselves) that opposed
the late war; it was the same party that denounced i
it as an unwholy war; it was the same party that
resisted all  appropriations to subsist, clothe, and
pay oar traops; the same party  that withheld, as
far as   was   in their  power,   all the means ne-
cessary   to   its  successful prosecution; the same ,
party   that held  out   blue   light signals   to   the
enemy    when   upon  our   coasts,   and   furnish-
ed   them   with   supplies;  the   same   party  that
declared it ''unbecoming a moral and religious peo-
pe to rejoice at our victories;" and the same party
that held the Hartfurd Convention, and threatened
to dissolve the Union, or drive Mr. Madison and
Congress into the Potomac. Now all this was done
to regain their lost power.   For ihat object they
took advantage of the embarrassments growing out
of the war.
But,  Mr. President, thank Heaven! although
they embarrassed us greatly, and aided, encouraged,
and comforted the enemy considerably, they did
not succeed.   Although our affairs for some time I
wore a gloomy aspect, our gallant navy won bnl- >
hant victories, wherever an enemy could be met on
the lakes or the ocean; and we  became more and
more successful on land, until the war was termi-
nated in a blaze of glory, on the plains below New
Orleans.   This happy and brilliant sequel to onr
trying conflict with Great Britain, tbrew her friends
in tlus country all aback.  They at once found that
tl>eit old name, even with the honored and popular
adjunct of "Republican," would no  longer shield
them from the execrations, or condemnation of
their countrymen. They had now tried its efficacy
through the two long administra'ions of Mr. Jeffer-
son and Mr. Madison; and with deep disappoint-
ment and mortification, they found it had not only
failed to produce the desired effect of rendering
them popular, and giving them power, but that they
had rendered it equally as odious as their old one.
Tbey then dropped ihe name,Federal,altogether; and
substituted National in its stead; calling themselves
National Republicans, still thinking that our name,
instead of the principles it indicated, would enable
them to t.ievail.   This was their third name; and,
under it, they carried on their operations through
the administrations of Mr. Monroe and the younger
Adams.  Under its auspices, they succeeded in in-
stituting a new class of Federal measures, called
the American system, embracing mainly high pro-
tective tariffs and prodigal expenditures for inter-
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Militia Report—Mr. Clay of Ma.
nal  improvements by the General Government.
Thus they w«nt on through the two last named ad-
ministrations, enriching one portion of the Union
at the expen-e of the other, until the Union it-
self was in imminent danger.     They continued
to wear ths name till the tariff was modified, their
system of internal improvements arrested, and the
recharter of the Bank of the United States  de-
feated by the veto messages of General JacksonJ
They had lost the Presidential election of 1832
by an overwhelming majority of the votes given
in the electoral colleges; and they found their prin-
ciples were  no   better concealed by  their third
name of National Republicans, than they had been
by their first and second names    Under *.uch ad-
verse circumstances, it was indispensable that an-
other change should be made,   or the prize of
power  abandoned;   and the inventive genius of
the   party was set to work to find some  new
cognomen    that    would    be    less   odious   to
the people than  the last.   In this trying conjunc-
ture, upon the suggestion of one of their new con-
verts, under the convincing argumentation of the
United States Bank, with great promptitude and
unanianty, they adopted the time honored name of
Whig—a name con&ecrated by the blood of the
martyred heroes and patriots of the Revolution !
Lamentable, indeed, that such a name should ever
have been prostituted to party purposes!     Well,
sir, what has been the result of this change?   Al-
íhough it rallied every division and fragment of
the old Federal, Federal Republican, and National
Republican   parties,   including Antimasons   and
Abolitionists, its broad manile was not sufficient
to conceal, from the scrutinizing intelligence of the
people, the unchanged deformity of their princi-
ples; and, under it, notwithstanding all  their ma-
nagement and devices, lour years ago, with their
motto of "divide and conquer," they were glo-
riously defeated.     They have already found, in
some parts of the Union, that this name will sus-
tain them no longer.    Indeed, last year, a portion
of the party assumed the name of "Whig Conser-
vatives;" and now, ia some parts of the country,
they are calling themselves "Democratic Whigs,"
and in others ihey have gone se far as to call them-
sslves "Democratic Republicans."     Bnt all these
transmutations will not long deceive the enlighten-
ed freemen of this country; if they  would obtain
and keep their confidence, they must practice our
principles, as well as take our name.   I trust, sir,
the Senate will pardon me for the time I have con-
sumed in this cursory review of the cours  of par-
ties; thay are reminiscences, I think, worth pre-
serving.
Let us now enquire, for a moment, in the ranks
of which party General Harrison has been doing
battle since the people put an end to the "sedition
law and black cockade Administration." What
has been his course apon the tariff—a subject of
vital and most exciting interest to all the inhabit-
ants of the South, more especially? He not only
uniformly voted for it in Congress, but, in allu-
sion to a remark made by Mr. Garnett of Virginia,
that the effect of the political quackery of the ta-
riff "had been to cover the streets of Norfolk with
grass," General Harrison, after insisting on its be-
nefits, remarked:
"It may be asked whether, under any circumstances, I
would be willing to abandon the tariff. I answer, without any
hesitation, in the affirmative Whenever the streets of Nor-
folk and Charleston shall be covered with grass, and our South-
ern friends find no market tor their produce, and this state of
things can be distinctly traced to the tariff, I will then instantly
give my voice for its modification or entire repeal, even if I
should still think that its continuance would be beneficial toa
maiority of the American people "
Here we have him tanntingly and sarcastically
telling us, in reply to the complaints of a distin-
guished Southron, that he will consent to its modifi-
cation or repeal, "whenever the streets of Norfolk
and Charleston shall be covered with grass" and i
the Southern people can "find no market for their
produce, and this state of things can be distinctly
traced to the tariff." Generous sympathy! He
would modify or repeal the law after we hnd become
utterly ruined' Nor, sir, was his support of the
tariff confined to his vote* and speeches in Congress.
In the Senate of the Ohio Legislature, on the 9th of
December, 1819, he made himself the leader in fa-
vor of a tariff to protect and encourage domestic
GLOBE.                                           537
Senate.
manutactures and internal improvements. Here is
his motion from the Journal ot that body :
"Mr Harrison moved the adoption of two resolutions, in-
I «trueung our membeis in Congress to procure the passage of
laws modifying the tariff on imported articles, and for the en-
couragement of domestic manulactures and internal improve-
ments, wmch were read, and ordered to lie on the table."
On the  14th December, 1819, the Journal gives
the following account of the further proceeding on
|    those resolutions:
December 14, 1819    "TheSenate then took up the report of
the Committee of the Whale upon the íesolutions repealing the
,   tariff on imported articles, and relative to internal improvements
I'   and domestic manufactures, which report was amended and
agretd to, and on motion to agree to the following resolution, to
wit
"Resolved by the General Assemb'y of the State of Ohio,
Thai, in their opinion, the present pecumarv embarrassments
of the i ountry are, in a great degi ee, caused by want of encou-
ragement and protection to domestic manufactures, and that
good policy requires that such modincatinns of the tariff, on
imported ameles, be immediately made, as will s'op that inun
dation of foreign merchandise which has destroyed or suspended
the operations of the grester part of the manufacturing esta
blishment'of the Tuned States, which motion to agree to said
resolution was unanimously decided in the affirmative
"The yeas and nays having been required, those members
who weie presen', and voted m the affumative, were—
"Mews Baldwin, Brown, Campbell, Fithian, Foos, Furnas,
HARRISON, Hooker, Irwin, Jennings Lucas, Madeara,
McLauffhlin, M'Lean, Newcom, Pollock, Robb, Ruggles, Rus
sel, Shelby, Simpson, Spencer, Sweanngen, Sullivan, Thomp
son, and Trimble, speaker
Here we have General Harrison absurdly as-
cribing the "pecuniary embarrassments ol the
country" to the "want of encouragement and pro-
tection to domestic manufactures"—when every
body knows that the inordinate expansions of the
banks before, and their inability to meet their en-
gagements, and the general disorder and deprecia-
tion of the paper currency of the times—notwith-
standing the great regulator, the Bank of the Unt-
ted States, was in full operation—was the real
cause of that embarrassment and distress. But
that was his pretext; though the tariff of 1816,
which had been acquiesced in by the South, to ex-
tricate the country fiom the national debt, created
i by the war with Great Britain, was in force: that
' tariff did not satisfy him. He was not only for en-
couraging and protecting domestic manufactures,
but thought "that good policy required that such
modification* of the tariff on imported articles, be
immediately made, as will stop that inundation of
foreign merchandise," &c. In other words, he was
so ultra in his tariff principles that he would carry
i it up to absolute prohibition ! As a citizen of the
i South,and more especially of South Carolina, can
the Senator [Mr. Preston] give his sanction to
such doctrine as thi«, and support its author and
advocate for the Chief Manistracy of the nation,
with all its immense powet, patronage, and influ-
nence—against which he was wont to declaim so
eloquently?
But let us now examine his resolution in favor
of internal improvements, and of bounties to manu-
facturers.   Here it 13, with his vote:
" On motion,
"To agreeto the resolution relative, to internal improvements
and domestic manufactures, to wit
"Resolved, That in the present state of pecuniary «mbar-
rassment amongst the people, )i is UNWISE AND IMPOLI-
TIC FOR THE GOVERNMENT TO PAY OFF THE PUB
,     LIC DEBT   MORE  RAPIDLY THAN   THE  OBLIGATIONS IT MAY
1     HAVE COME UNDER TO ITS CREDITORS MAT REQUIRE; AND THAT
¡I     A^Y SURPLUS IN THE TREASURY WOULD BE MORE USEFULLY EM-
1    PLOYED  IN THE INTERNAL IMPROVEMENT OF THE  COUNTEY,  BY
ROADS AND CANALS, AND IN THE SUPPORT AND ENCOURAGEMENT
op domestic manufactures , which motion to agree was de-
cided in the affirmative—jeas 24, nays 2 "
"And the yeas and nays being required,
" Those who nated in the aflimative were—
1 "Messrs Baldwin, Brown, Campbell, Fithian, Foos, Furnas
HARRISON, Hooker, Irwin, Jennings, Lucas, Madeara,
M'Laughlm, M'Lean, Newcom, Pollock, Robb, Ruggles, Simp,
son, Spencer, Sweanngen, Sullivan, Thompson, and Speaket-
iTnmble )
"Those who voted in the negative were—
"Messrs. Russel and Shelby "
So General Harrison thought it "unwise and im-
politic for the Government to pay off the national
debt more rapidly than the obligations it may have
oome under to its creditors may require." This
sentiment is perfectly in keeping wiih the whole
tenor of his political life. One of the leading tenets
in the creed of the Federal party always has been,
that " a national debt was a national blessing.' 
Instead of paying off the national debt, and giving
to our conntry the proud pre-eminence she n«w oc-
cupies as one, of only some two or three Govern-
ments in the whole world, without a public debt,
he would have continued it until now, or ud infini.
turn; for no capitalist, holding the public securities of
