5S8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cono-...1st. Sess.
Jlfilitia Report—Mr. Clay of Ala.
jJune,  1840.
Senate.
the United Slates at the rate of the accruing inte-
rest, would have ever required payment of the prin-
cipal. It would have amounted 10 a perpetuity of
oar national debt, upon which we should have been
for e?er paying a heavy annual interest. And how
did he propose applying our revenue? Why, in-
stead of extricating ourselves from all pecuniary
obligatiMW.he thought "that any surplus in the Trea-
sury would be more usefully employed in the inter-
nal improvement of the country, by roads and canals,
and in the support and encouiagement of domestic
manufactures." Did the wildest schemer, or the
most visionary and enthusiastic projector, ever go
fanher for internal improvements by the General
Government, or for a system, not only of encou-
ragement and protection, but of bounties to these
engaged in domestic manufactures? But one
answer can be given to this question: an intelli-
gent community cannot misunderstand it. To
close this scene of unholy contrivance to take
money out of the pockets of one class of our citi-
iens and put it in those of another—to rob one sec-
tion of the Union (o enrich another—the same jour
nal shows this further proceeding:
"The Senate then cam* to the following resolution, on motion
of Mr. Harrison:
* Rt*oltta\ That our Senators in Congress be instructed and
oor Representatives requeued to uae their exertions to procure
the passage of laws, embracing the principles recommended tr
the foregoing resolutions
"Ordered, That said resolution be sent to the House of Re-
presentatives, with a message, requesting their concurrence
therein."
Having thus instructed the Senators, and re-
quested the Representatives in Congress, i rom
Ohio, "to use their exertions to procure the passage
of laws, embracing the principles recommended in
the foregoing resolutions—m other words, to put
in requisition the whole power of this Govern-
ment, to tax the planting, farming, mechanic, and
commercial classes, tor lhe benefit of manufac-
turers—one would have supposed that General
Harrison, or any other person, would have been
content; but not so, sir. Immediately after the
proceeding* just noticed, the same journal shows
what follows:
•
"On motion of Mr. Harrison,
"The Senate agreed to the following resolution, the same
baring been reported from the committee of the whole with-
out amendment.
"Jtaotced, Thai provisions should be made, by law, for the
encouragement of domestic manufactures, as far as it is in the
power of the State to encourage theai, and thai a committee m
three be appointed to prepare and report a bill, exempting from
taxation the houses employed as manufactories of such fabrics
as are usually imported from foreign counties, and exempting
ateo the workmen employed in such establishments from mili-
tary service, and laboring on the public highways, and a com-
mittee was thereupon appointed, of Messrs. Harrison, Kussel,
and Shelby."
Now, sir, if this does not cap the climax of mon-
strosity in tariff protection, encouragement, and
bounties, I cannot understand the force of plain
language.   Not content with exciting to action for
the benefit of manufacturers, all the powers of the
General Government, he now declares that the
States should also encourage them.   How?    By
"exempting from taxation the houses employed as
manufactories of such fabrics asare usually im-
ported from foreign countries, and exempting, also,  ■
the workmen employed in such   establishments  I
frommi'irary service,and laboring on the public ,
highways!"
Why really, sir, General Harrison has fine no- i
lions of that equality of rights and privileges gua-
rantied by the Constitution.   He wonld not only
encourage domestic manufacturers by bounties and
prohibitions, but would free their property from  ,
the taxation to which all other capital is subjected,  ¡
and, moreover, relieve lhe workmen employed by
them from all the customary duties and burdens
common  to all other citizens.   Can it be denied
that here was a barefaced attempt to constitute both
manufacturers and their "operatives" (as they call
them) a privileged class?   I leave the answer to
every intelligent man.     And I now repeat the
qnestion to the -Senatoi from Sooth Carolina, [Mr.
Preston,] whether he can g.ve his sanction to these
principles of General Harrison, or support their
author for a situation, above all others, best calcu-
lated to enable him to bring them into practical
operation?   What would the people of South Ca-
rolina think,, if any particular class amongst them
were exempted by the Legislature from taxation
1   I
4
ibe duty of defending the country, and making
roads?
But, sir, the gentleman may suppose that the
evidence furnished by his resolutions in the Ohio
Legislature, that General Harrison was in favor
of a system of internal improvements by the Ge-
neral Government, is not sufficient. Lest he, or
any other person, may have a doubt upon this sub-
ject, I invite your attention to his votes in Con-
gress, e mbranng every possible aspect of the ques-
tion. Iu 1818, when he was a member of the
House of Representatives, ihe following resolu-
tions, declaratory of the power of Congrsss to
carry on such a system, for every purpose ever
sugggested, or contempla'ed by any enthusiast,
were introduced; and he soletrnly recorded his vote
in favor of each proposition:
"1 / resolution.   That Congress has power, under the Con-
titution, to appropriate money lor the eonetrueiion of post
•roads, miliary and other roads, and for the improvement of
watercourses"   [Upon this resolution,  the vote «tood—ayes
90, noes 75, General Harrison voting in the affirmative ]
"Sdresolutiun That Congress has power, under the Con-
stitution, to construct t>ost roads and military roads, provided
that private property be not taken for public use, without just
compensation " (Upon this resolution the vote stood—ayes
8a, noesM; General Harrison voting in the afflrmative.1
"3drtsolution. That t ongress has power, under the Con-
stitution, to construct roads and canals necessary lor com-
merce between the States, provided that private property be
not taken lor public purposes, without just compensation "
[Upon this resolution the vote stood—ayes "1, noes 95; General
Harrison voting in the affirmative ]
'Ath resolution. That Congress has power, under the Con-
stitution, to construct canals for military purposes, provided
that no private property be taken for any such purpose, with-
out just compensation being made therefor." [Upon tins reso-
lution the vote stood—ayes SI, noes 83; General Harrison still
voting in the affirmative ]
Sir, it is now demonstrated, that in the Legisla-
ture of Ohio, General Harrison was even disposed
to delay the payment of the national debt, to pro-
mots and carry on Internal Improvements by the
General Government; and that, as a member of
Congress, he voted "that Congress had power, un-
der the Constitution, to appropriate money for the
construction of post roads, military and ether
(what other? why, all other) roads, and for the im-
provement of water courses." What water
courses? all—there is no specification nor restric-
tion. This is not all—he voted for every possible
modification of the power which (I presume) ever
entered the imagination of man. And can the Se-
nator from South Carolina, [Mr. Preston] who
denies the constitutional power of this Govern-
ment to made roads and canals, and to improve
"water courses," or even to construct harbor-!—
can he, who has so often battled with me, shoulder
to shoulder, on this floor, in opposition to such
measures, on constitutional grounds—I repeat, can
the Senator from South Caroline now give his
sanction to these doctrines, so solemnly voted by
General Harrison? Has he changed his own opi-
niong upon this subject? I presume not. Has
General Harrison changed his opinions? I pre-
sume not. He declines making any "fnrther de-
claration of his principles, for the public eye," and
we are referred to bis "views" which have hereto-
fore been given to the public, "fully and explicitly"
—and we are expressly told, "that those views,
whether connected with constitutional or other
questions of very general interest, have undergone
no change."
What are General Harrison's views on the sub-
ject of an United Slates Bank? Hear him in his
reply to Sherrod Williams in 1836:
The question, then, for me to answer, w, whether, under the
circumstances you state, if elected to the office of President,
I would sign an act to charter another hank. I answer,I would,
if it were clearly ascertained that the public interest, in rela-
tion to the collection and disbursement of the revenue, would
materially suffer withoui one, and there were unequivocal ma-
nifestations of publie opinion in its favor."
The plain declaration here made by him is, ,
that he would sign an act to charter such a bank,
if it was clearly ascertained that the public inte-
rest required it, and public sentiment were in its
favor. This declaration involves the assertion of
the monstrous doctrine, that any thing is constitu-
tional which it is believed the public interest re-
quires, and in favor of which there is an unequivo-
cal manifestation of public opinion. It amounts to
saying that any thing is constitutional which may
be deemed necessary and proper, or that may, in
the discretion of Congress and the President, be
considered expedient,   under such views as these,
of what imaginable use is a written constitution?
Does it not leave every thing to the mere will and
discretion of our public agents—untrammelled by
constitutional restraints? It seems to me, sir, there
can be no difference of opinion on this subject;
and that no doubt can be entertained, if General
Harrison were elected President—a large majority
of his friends,deeming a National Bank both consti-
tutional and expedient—he would not only approve
but recommend the charter of one. Does the Se-
nator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston] sanc-
tion this opinion of his distinguished chief?
But, sir, amongst all the opinions entertained,
or expressed by General Harrison, none can be
more dangerous in tendency, than that which I am
now about to bring to the notice of the Senate. I
allude to his opinions upon slavery, and the powers
of this Government in reference to it. I do not
intend, on this occasion, to discuss the question,
whether he is an Abolitionist or not? That is a
matter which, for the present, I leave debatable,
as the evidence is somewhat contradictory. But
hear a declaration of opinion, which no one ques-
tions he made, in regard to the power of this Go-
vernment to provide a remedy for slavery. In his
speech, delivered at Cheviot on the 4th day of July,
1833, he says:
"Should I be asked if there is no way by which the General
Government can aid the cause of emancipation, I answer that
it has long teen an object mar my heart to tee the uholt of
its surplus revenue appropriated to that ohjtct. With the
sanction of the Slates holding the slaves, there appears to me
to be no constitutional objection to its being thus applied, em-
bracing not only the colonization of those that may be otherwise
freed, but the purchase of the freedom of others "
He declares "it has long been an object near his
heart to see the whole surplus  revenue appro-
priated to that object"—the cause of emancipa-
tion."   With the sanction of the States holding
the slaves, he sees no constitutional objection! Can
he, or any one else, point to the power delega ed in
the Constitution to authorize Congress to appropriate
money to colonize negroes already free, or to "pur-
chase the freedom of others?"   I defy him to show
any such power, or to show that it is one "neces-
sary and proper for carrying into execution" any
of those which are granted.   Certainly, no man
who believes the Constitution imposes any limita-
tions—no man, unless he believes this to be a Go-
vernment of discretionary powers, can, for a mo-
ment, justify such an opinion.   But, sir, has it not
been the settled opinion of all the South, univer-
sally, that the subject of emancipation, or aboli-
tion, (which is the same   thing,) could not te
touched rightfully or safely by this Government?
Do the petitions, which have been, year after year,
presented to the  two Houses of Congress, which
have agitated the Union from one end to the other,
and threatened Us   dissolution, mean  any thing
more   than   the   abolition   of   slavery   in   me
District of Columbia,   and   the   Territories, by
such   means   as   Congress   may,   :n   their dis-
cretion, think proper?   Nothing, rir—nothing,   If
their purpose of emancipation can be attained, the
Abolitionists care not about the means that may be
employed; they would be willing it should be done
by an appropriation of money.   Then the propo-
sition of General Harrison is but one form of Abo-
lition.   What would be the practical operation of
sach a measure?   Why, sir, we being the principal
tax payers, would mainly contribute the money to
create the "surplus revenue."   In other words, the
money would first be drawn from us by taxation;
and, after paying the expenses of collection and
disbursement, it would be paid back to ns for oor
negroes, and they turned loose among us, free and
equal. What a delightful state of society this would
bring about, and how much it would contribute to
our prosperity and happiness!
But, sir, can the people of the South, for one
moment, tolerate this Government in any legislv
tion whatever upon the subject of slaves—one of
the clear and indubitable compromises of the Con-
stitution—a subject left to the exclusive control of
the respective States? Can they safely suffer one
step to be taken, by Congress, on the subject of
slavery? No intelligent man, who feels asa South-
ron, can for a moment hesitate to answer—no. The
first step will inevitably and certainly be followed
by others; that first step will be the signal for our
destruction, or a dissolution of the Union; and the
