540
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¿Gth Cono.......1st Sess.
Militia Jieport—Mr. Clay of Jila.
June, 1M0.
•enate.
third section; which passed the House in ihe follow-
ing words:
-Ssc. 3. And he it /urlh'r Fancied, That the President of
the I"niied Sutes be, and hereby u, authorized 10 organize the
companies so tendering iheu services, as aloresaul, into baca-
liona, squadrooa, regiments, brigades, and divisions,an soon as
the number ! volunteers shall remler such organization in his
judgment expedient."
The first amendment to this section was t:> strike
out the word "companies," and insert, instead of «t,
the word "volunteers"—the effect of which was to
let the volunteers be received by the President
whol'y without organization under the State authori-
ty, that he might have all the power in his own
hands. For, the next amendment proposed to the
section was, to add the following clause, at the end
of in; section:
"And «hall appoint the necessary officers, which
appointments shall be submitted to the Senate at
its next ses4<4i."
This was one of the amendments with which
the bill was returned from the Sena'e to the House,
though it did not meet their concurrence, and did not
become a part of the act, which passed. I presume
the Senator from S uth Carolina reported and
acqu;esced in this amendment, and supported it.
[Mr. Preston assented.] Where will you find a
more odious, or more revolting proposition to the
people of the several States, than to take from them
the appointment of their own militia officers, and
give the power ol appointing all those officers to the
President? Such was the effect, and extent of the
Senator's amendment; for the bill authorized the
President to accept the services of ten thousand
volunteers; and of course, the power to "appoint
the necessary officers" would have embraced the
appointment, not only of the major generals, briga-
dier generals, and colonels of regiments, but all
the other officers, down to the lowest subaltern.
These journals, sir, are sometimes troublesome
things. Why, sir, the gentleman talks of a viola-
tion of the Constitution, in the plan proposed by
the Secretary of War. Was there ever a more
palpable violation of that instrument proposed by
any one? Or a more glarcg attempt to invade and
wrest from the States one of their most important
and expressly "reserved rights?" Never, sir; never.
What are the powers granted to Congress over the
m litia? Fiist, ihe power "To provide for calling
fotth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasions." In
this clause, the power is only given to call them
forih, for three enumerated objects.
The other clause gives to Congress the power—
"To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the mi-
litia, and for governing such part of them as may be em-
plorad in the service of the United State ; reserving to the
States, respectively, the appointment of the officers, ami the
authority of traininz the militia, accordingto the discipline pie-
acribed by Congresi.                        .
Is argument necessary to satisfy the plainest un-
derstanding, that a law giving the power of ap-
pointing officers of the militia to tbe President,
under any circumstances, would be a clear and
indubitable infraction of this provision of tbe Con-
stitution, and an outrageous usurpation of one of
the reserved rights of tbe State.-? No, sir; there can
be no doubt; and it would be insulting to common
sense to press the argument. Yet, sir, tbe author
of thi3 proposition—to take from the people, in the
faoe of the plain letter of the Constitution, the ap-
pointmert of their own militia officers, who are to
command them in the hcur if battle, and have the
guardianship of their lives and honor—at the same
time giving the power of those appointments to the
President: yes, sir, the author of this most mon-
strous unconstitutional proposition, the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Preston] is the chosen
champion of the Opposit on, to invfciah against the
Secretary of War, and denounce him and the Pre-
sident for the plan of organization submitted to our
consideration! I will add nothing further on this
point, than to say—'he power proposed by the Se-
nator from South Carolina never can be exercised
in Alabama, while my voice can be heard and
hee<V'l.
Suffer u « now, Mr. President, to call your at-
tention to the 17th clauii of Mr. PoinseTs projet,
which is pronounced, by the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Preston,) as "mons'.rous and un-
coMiitalional." It ¿  °n tMS clause the Senator
relies, as I understand him, to establish the charge
of unconstitutionality, and the consequent imputa-
tion of grasping ambition and usurpation. That
it may be fairly understood, I will read the clause
in question, which is in the following words:
"17th. That the President of the United States be authorized
to call forth and assemble such numbers of the active force of
the militia, at such places within their respective districts, and
at such times, not exceeding twice nor-------days in the same
year, as he may deem necessary; and during such period, in*
eluding ihe time when going to and returnin? from the place of
rendezvous, they shall be deemed in the service of the United
Stales, and be subject to such regulations as the President may
think proper to adopt for their instruction, discipline, and im-
provement in military knowledge  :
Now, sir, taking this clause independently of all
others, I do not hesitate to admit its unconstitu-
tionality. In the usual acceptation of the terms, I
can never agree that Congress can give the Presi-
dent power to call forth the militia merely for dis-
cipline, nor for any other purpose than t  "execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions." Nor can I agree that they shall
be considered "in the service of the United States,"
or that the President shall prescribe regulations,
or, in the language of the Senator, command them,
when merely under discipline. But, sir, does not
the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston]
know that, in placing a construction upon any in-
strument, law, or document, all the parts upon the
same subject should be taken togethei? He cer-
tainly onght to know this. Well, sir, are there no
other clau>es of the Secretary's document bearing
upon this question? Yes, sir, the very clause pre-
ceding the ene he read. The 16th clause of the
Secretary's plan proposes:
"16th. That the officers of the militia of the several classes
■ball be appointed by and in such manner as the Legislature
of ihe respective States shall direct, and in the Territories of the
United States in such manner as is prescribed by existing
laws."
This certainly proposes to leave more power
with the States than the Senator's amendment to
the bill in 1836, upon which I have commented
did. It leaves them the power of appointing their
own officers; and the men, the care and guardian-
ship of those who may be chosen by themselves,
or their States.
The 39th clause of the Secretary's projet, clearly
contemplates that his plan of organization is to be
carried out by State legislation. An examination
of it will satisfy the most prejudiced mind that it
is to be submitted to tbe States for their adoption;
for it concludes wiih a proviso, "that until such
enrolment and organization be made, the existing
laws governing the militia of each State be consi-
dered as still in force." The Senate can, however,
place their own construction upon it: it is in the
following words:
"39th. That the Legislatures of the several States, at the ear-
liest peiiod of time after the adoption of this system, enactsuch
laws as may be necessary to enrol and organize the miluia of
the respective States, according to the provisions contained
herein: provided that, until su'-h enrolment and organization
be made, the ejristin? laws governing themiütia of each State
be considered as still in force."
But, sir, this is not all. To obviate all doubt of
tfee Secretary's meaning in the projet originally
submitted to tbe House of Representative*, the
chairman of the Committee on the Militia of that
House, addressed him in a letter, under their in-
structions, for a "morí full exposition of his views."
What is the Secretary's reply to the question,
whether he intended that power should be given to
the President to call all the militia of one district
to assemble together at one place, and out of their
respective States.   Here it is-:
"The proposition to divide the territory of the United State*,
by which is here meant the area embraced by the geographical
boundaries of the whole Confederacy, is intended for military
purposes, in order that each district may be commanded by one
officer, woo would have the general direction of the regulars
and miliua within the district; buttheplan contemplated that
the power of the President to call out the militia should he re-
stricted to asse mbling the militia of each Stale within ils otsn
territorial limits."
He says "the power of the President to call out
the militia should be restricted to assembling the
militia of each State within its own territorial li-
mits." Hence the Senator from South Caro-
lina may dismiss his alarm about the President
calling the militia from Lee, Russell, and other
western counties of Virginia, all the way into the
District of Columbia, to be trained! His fears may
be quieted, loo, in regard to the danger of the Pre-
sident, or some of his successors, concentrating ten
thousand of tbe militia in the rotundo of the Capi-
tol, with bristling bayonets, on the eve of a Presi-
dential election, to overawe and control the votes
of the House of Representatives for that important
oflke.
Tbe Secretary goes further, as to his purpose of
submitting his plan to the Slates for their co-opera-
tion. Hear the following part of his explanatory
letter:
"With regard to the 17th article, the same difficult  which
presented itself to the committee, occurred to me when con-
sidering this subject, viz: that provision . of the Constitution
which restricts the power of Congress over the militia to org ,
mziug, arming, and disciplining ihem, reserving to the States
respectively the appointment ol ofticeis, and the authority of
training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by
Constress. Although the word "disciplining" is susceptible of
a dilTbient interpretation from that given to it here, yet the sub-
sequent reservation to the States of the power to train the mili-
tia according to the system ol discipline adopted by Congress,
would seem to define its meaning; and as we cannot tie too
scrupulous in our interpretation of the Cunstitution, I propose
lhat, in the event of ns becoming necessary, to resort to draughts
in order to fill the ranks of the active class of militia, to apply
to the Stales to place by law their contingents at the disposal of
ihe General Government, lor a period of not more than thirty
days of every year, lor the purpose of their being trained in con-
junction witn the regular troops, and by veteran officers. It is
nut probable that this co-operation will be withheld by aiy
State, when the advantages are presented to it of possessing a
body of well organized, well armed, and well disciplined militia,
without any expense, either to the States or to the citixene there-
of ; and when they are made aware that it is the intention ot
the Government to assemble such militia at convenient points
within each Sta'e, and in the vicinity of depots of arms, which
it is proposed to establish as part of the system.
Here he speaks of his purpose of applying lo the
States to place rheir militia of the " active class "
" at the disposal oí the General Government," for
how long, or for what purpose? " For a period of
not more than thirty days of every year, for the
purpose of their being trained, in conjunction with
iegular troops, and by veteran officers."
The Senator from South Carolina is mistaken,
then, in supposing that it was the design of the
Secretary of War, or the President, merely by the
legislation of Congress, and independently of the
State authorities, to assume the command of the
militia. He is mistaken in saying it was contem-
plated to drag them out of their own Slates. Then
what does this "monstrous proposition" amount to?
Why, sir, that, with the consent of the States, the
President may appoint the times and places at which
the militia of the "active class" shall assemble,
within their respective States, for the purpose oí
being trained. That, with the consent ef the
States, he may designate officers of the regular
army, not to command, but to drill them; and also
that they be "trained in conjunction with regular
troops." The State Legislatures have power to do
all this, if they thought proper: that is, they could
requiie any class of their militia to assemble, en-
camp, and muster, at such times and such places,
within their respective States, as they thought pro-
per; or they could authorize any officer to appoinr
those times and places; or they could appoint, ot
designate, any officer (even of the regular aifay,
with the consent of his superiors) to drill or train
ihem. And could they not authorize the President
to appoint the times and places of training, within
the respective States; and, also, authorize him to
cause the active class lo be trained "with regular
troops, and by veteran officers?" Unquestionably,
the State Legislatures could do these things. Then,
although we eannot approve of the plan, why shall
we denounce and execrate the Secretary of War,
for the mere proposal? I think I know why it has
been, and will continue to be done. If I were to
make twenty oonjectures,as to themotive that impels
to such a course, every one of them would be that
it has been, and will continue to be done—first,
because Mr. Van Buren is a candidate for re-
election to the office of President; and second, be-
cause the plan for the reorganization of the militia
can be so misrepresented and distorted as to in-
jure him in tbe estimation of his fellow citizens. If
the same plan had been suspended for the pre-
sent, and proposed at the n«xt session of Con-
gress, after the President's re-election, although
it might have been disapproved by some, it would
have excited no alarm—the Whig camp would
have been " as calm as a summer's morning."
Sir, this is not the only instance in which the
Senator and his friends have waged this descrip-
t on of warfare against the Administration. The
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston] in
the outset of this debate, was loud in bis com-
plaints that the committee had dragged in,*t%e
