Jane, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Militia Report—Mr. Clay of Ala.
Senate.
expressed it, the reports of General Harrison. It
was in vain that he was reminded of the fact that
the committee had commenced their report, as they
declare, in the very first sentence, with a view to
examine the subject of the reorganization of the
militia, "in reference to the powers of Congres ,
the various plans whioh have been proposed, and
such measures as have been matured, at different
periods, since the adoption of the Constitution,
without ever having read one of General Harri-
son's reports, and without knowing he had ever
made one__at least so far as the chairman is con-
cerned. It was in vain the Senator was assured
that the reports of General Harrison thus came up,
legitimately, in the pain upon which the commit-
tee sat oat, and were used by them only because
they belonged to the subject. All these protesta-
tions did not seem to be satisfactory; it is difficult
to satisfy a gentleman who is resolved not to be
content.
But in the mean time, the report of the Commit-
tee on the Militia, of the other House, including a
minority report, signed by four of the Senator'*
political friends, is printed and laid upon our
tables. Well, having examined and written upon
the same subject myself, it was very natural that I
should desire to see what tho'.e distinguished gen-
tlemen had said of Mr. Poinsett's report. Ac-
cordingly, I read this minority report—and what do
I final Why, sir, that they, too, have "dragged in"
the same identical reports of General Harrison,
made in 1817 and 1819, from which the committee
of the Senate had made extracts! Yet, the Sena-
tor has not thought proper to censure them. It
would not, I presume, comport with his notions of
equality, while censuring the committee of the
Senate for dragging in General Harrison's reports,
to censure his political friends for doing precisely
the same thing. It is true, sir, there is some dif-
ference in the extracts the minority of the commit-
tee of the Honse have thought proper to make, and
those made by the committee of the Senate. They
have given the argument, and theoretical views of
General Harrison, in favor of a well disciplined
militia, together with a few of his accustomed dis-
plays of historical learning in reference to the an-
cient Republics—how "small Republics have been
overthrown by those which were more powerful,
as Saguntum|destroyed by Carthage, and Numantia
by Rome."
Bnt, sir, the minority have wholly omitted to no-
tice the result of all this learning and argument—
the distinct, practical proposition, with which the
report concludes, and the point, to establish the ex-
pediency of which all the foregoing part seems 10
have been intended—that is, the proposition to give
a military education to "ail the youth of the Uni-
ted States." This is in both the same reports from
which they quote, and from which the committee
of the Senate make extracts; yet they do not notice
it at all, though it is clear it would involve the an-
nual expenditure ot millions of dollars.
The minority committee report, however, doe*
not fail to notice the public expense and individual
burdens which would attend the adoption of Mr.
Poinsett's plan. They set thetn forth to the "pub-
lic eye" in bold relief. Tbey first set forth that
part cf Mr. Poinsett's plan which requires the mili-
tia to arm themselves, m the following term :
"The Secretary of War computes the number of the militia
at one million fi>  hundred thousand between the age of twenty,
and under that of forty-five years, who are to be enrolled, etc ;
and every citizen to enrolled, etc 'shall, within three months
thereafter, provide himself with a good musket—bore of sutil
cient capacity to receive a lead ball of eighteen in the pound, a
sufficient bayonet and belt, two spare flints, a knapsack, cai-
tndge box—to contain at least twenty four cartridges, suited to
the bore of his musket; and each cartridge to contain a ball and
three buckshot, and a sufficient quantity of powder, or with a
good rifle, knapsack, shot pouch, and powder horn, or flisk,
with sufficient powder and ball fer twenty four charges, and
two spare flint; and that he shall appear so armed, equipped,
and provided, when called out for exercise, or uto service "
The committee then go on to say, in substance,
that they have endeavored to procure the prices of
the materials with which all the militiamen are
required to furnish themselves; and seem to deplore
their disappointment in not having obtained them.
They proceed, however, upon the best data they
have, and estimate the, gun and o'her equipments
of each militia man to cost $20. They <hen pro-
ceed arithmetically, and very correcly state, that,
"to purchase these one million and a half of mus-
ket*, &c. at twenty dollars each, would cost the
people of the United States thuty millions of dol-
lar1;. Are ihey prepared at this urns ot pecuniary
distress 'o advance this sum of thuty millions of
dollars oat of their private pockets-? We think
not; we know they are not." "So far, &o good."
At the price assumed, it would cost all the estimated
number of the miliua, of the Union, that sam, to
arm and equip themselves in the manner prop >sed;
and for oue, 1 would not consent to enforce s-uch a
regulation.
But, sir, if it was the object of  the minority
of the committee of the other  House to give the
country full and coirect information upon this sub-
ject, and enable them to form a true opinion, as to
the amount of new burdens, sought to be imposed
upon them by the Secretary of War,  they have
"no doubt unintentionally" omiited one important
fact; thatis, that the law, as it now exis s upon the
statute hook, requires of them  precisely the same
thing.  By the law of May 8th, 1792, passed under
General  Washington's administration, and sought
to be enforced  by the act of March, 1803, ap-
proved by Mr.  Jtfferson, every man, subject to
militia duty, is now required to aim and equip
himself, at his own expense, and substantially,
in the same manner.   To relieve ail apprehension
that this is a new burden, attempted to be imposed
on the people, I will ask the Secretary to read the
first section of the act first mentioned to the Senate.
[The Secretary then read that section from the act
of May 8th, 1792, in the following word':
"Skction I. Be it enacted by the Senate and Houie of Re-
presentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Thateach and eveiy free, able b idled, white, male
citizen of the respective State*, resident therein, who n or
shall be of the age of eighteen years, and under the age of forty -
five years, texcept as is hereinafter excepted,) shall, severally
and respectively, be em oiled in the militia by the capiain or
commanding officer of the company within whose bounds such
citizen shall reside, and that within twdve months after the
passing of this act. and it shall, at all times hereafter, be the
duty of every such captain or commanding oflicer of a compa-
ny to enrol every such citizen as aforesaid, and also those who
shall, from time to time, arrive at the age of eighteen years, or,
being of the age of eighteen years, and under the age of forty-
five years, (except as before excepted,) shall come to reside
within his bounds; andshall, without delay, notify such citizen
ofthesaid enrolment by a proper non-commissioned officer of
the company, by whom such notice may be proved. That
every citizen so enrolled and notifi d shall, within six months
thereafter, provide himself with a good musket, or firelock; a
sufficient bayonet and belt; two spare flints, and a knapsack;
a pouch, with a box therein, to contain nut less than twenty
fourcartndgessuitedtotheboreof his musket, or firelock, each
cartndgeto contain a proper quantity of powder and ball; or,
with a good rifle, knapsack, shot-pouch, and powder-horn,
twenty balls, suited to the bore of his rifle, and a quarter of a
pound of powder, and shall appear, so armed, accoutred, and
provided, when called out to exercise, oi into service, except
that, when called out on company days to exercise only, he
may appear w ithont a knapsack. That the commissioned offi-
cers shall, severally, be armed with a sword or hanger, and
eeponlaon. And that, from and after five years from the
passing of this act, all muskets for arming the militia, as here-
in required, shall be of bores sufficient for balls of the
eighteenth part of a psund And every citizen so enrolled, and
providing himself with the arm?, ammnniiion, and accoutre-
ments, required as aforesaid, shall hold the same exempted
from all suits, distresses, executions, or sales for debt, or for
the payment of taxes "
Now, sir, I assert that this law, passed in 1792, under Wishi-
ington,s administration, is still in force Can any gentlemen
dispute the fact? [ No one denied it ] No one can controvert
it Besides, other portions of the act, which I will not consume
the time of the Senate in reading, superadd other burdens,
which are fully equal to all that has been proposed by Mr.
Poinsett Nay, more; a law, additional to this, which was
passed under Mr Jefferson's administration, and with his ap-
proval, repea'ed that every citizen duly enrolled in the militia,
should be constantly provided with arm3, accoutremen's, and
ammunition, agreeable to the directions of said act," which has
j nst been reait Neitherof these laws has ever bepn repealed;
they are both in full force; and it rests with the Legislatures
of the respective States (as it would if Mr. PoiDsett's plan were
adopted) to say whether they will enfore them. Then the
Secretary of War only proposed, in thin particular, to embrace
in his plan there enactment of the old law Is it not jusi—is
it not fair—that the country should know and understand this
important fact, before they pass the sentence of condemnation,
which is demanded against him? No just or impartial man
will say no. So much for his startling parade of individual ex-
penditures and burdens, which are just the same that every
militiaman is now subject to, and no more.
•4That nothing which could possibly excite feelings of preju-
dice or indignation against the Secretary of War, or the Admi-
nistration, might be omited, the ¡Senator from South Carolina
[Mr PbbstonI has brought to your view the 28th clause of Mr
Poinsett's projet, and has characterized it as one of its new and
unprecedented feature"!. Here, again, sir, the Senator is mis-
taken; the enactment proposed in that clause is not without
high precedent The Senator, I presume, will acknowledge
that Wm B. Giles of Virginia, was, throughout his life, one of
the most distinguished Republicans of this union The gen-
tleman will, doubtless, be surprised when I tell him that the
Secretary of War but followed in his footsteps when framing
this clause, as he did in those of General Knox, and General
Hftinson (one or both) in all the o the- important features of
hispían Having already consumed so much time. Mr Pre-
sident, I will only read the clause of Mr. Poinsett's projet, which
h '« bee a reltrred t > ami thtbth section of a bill reported in the
Sem e liy Mr Gilts, trun the Commute on Military Affdirs,
on s-.tnrt / the nh o' \o n> no i 1M4
T ip ¿^tli c dU-e in Mi   P mseit's plin
"..Mil Tnateveiy orb ei, mm commissioned oflicer, artifi
cer, iiiiiMcidn, orpuvati „, iht. militia «hi shall tail to obey
the orders of tilt I'uit d «<i i*es in th c is piovided fni calling
forth the ,n me turct-, m , ait? thereof, (in the 17th head ) shall
be fined, and I >i ten a sum not e\cee ling three months' pav, nor
les than hill a month s ria\, at ioidin to the cirrumstanteh ol
the case, a- i conn martial ma\ determine and that evuy offi
cu-, mm commissioned othrei, aniñen, musirían, or private of
the militia, who snail tail to obey the orders ol the Piesident of
the United -iiit>s,m any ot the caai s utetl in the 18th and 19th
heads, shall I irfett d sum not evceedins one vear's pay, and not
lr s thanone month s oaj tube dt termined an 1 adjudged, ac-
cordmi to the circu i«tain.- ot the ca e b> a court martial,
and such oflrer >hill, motion r be hible to be cashiered by
sentence of aiotirt mania an 1 b ■ incipicitated I rom holding a
cunum lonmthc m litiaf irj. n r li ot 1 \ti s, at the discretion
ol said court, and n m c nimiss o ml ofhceis and pnvates shall
he liable to he im,u soiled b\ the st itence ol a court maitial. on
lailnreol the navment ot runs ai'iunged a„-iiii-t them, for one
calendtr rami li ti\ii\ Uve dollars oi su h tme '
hection 6 ol  Mr  Cilcs s'nll
"¡?ec b Am lit it luithtt enacted Tint every oflicer, non
CommiSbinned, «i pu\ an , ol iht niiliin who shall tad to obey
the orders ot the l'resi 'hm o1 the iJnited siaies in canj tng into
effect any of the i linn ons o| th      ict, ¡dull Imieit <mdpa\  a
sum not exteeding---------;ens    piv,  nor less than --------
months'pay, and such o 1 i u shill nnreover be liable to he
cashiered by sentence ot a com t mart.il md be incapacitated
from holdtnea commission in the mili'iu tu a tt rm not exceed
ng---------, at the discretion of the raid court,  and such non
commissioned officer an 1 private shall be liable to he. impn
s oned, by a like sentence, on lailure to pay the fines adjudged
against them, being respectively for one calendar month tor evt-
ry five dollars of such fine "
Now, sir, will the gentleman, can he, point out the difference'2
Let not t e gentleman say that this bill, or the section I have
read, had exclusive reference to the war—upon examination
he will find that all the usual duties of enrolling, classing, ami
every other duty, almost, connected with the organization of
the militia, may be found in this bill of Mr Giles The sixth
section of the bill, as I have shown, proposed that the punish
mentofbeinff fined, imprisoned or cashiered, was tobe in
flicted by a sentence of a court martial, for failing "to obey
the oiders of the President of the United States, in carrying
into effect any of the provisions of that ac' " After the ex
htbition of this further pn-epdent and authority for the plan
of the Secretarv of War, I hope the Senator from South
Carolina. [Mr Preston ] will not insist on ascribing to him
such exclusive origin. Iity I dare say, it w an honor, of which
he is not now peculiarly ambitious.
Mr Giles's bi 1 was lounded on the projet of Mr Monroe,
who was then Secretary of War, but neithei the talents, high
standin?, public services, nor Republican virtue, of those two
distinguished men, could save them from the vituperation and
abuse of the Federal party, which was then in opposition to
the Democratic administration of Mr Madison To show you
how ready that class of politicians are to find fault with any
and every Republican administration, and how uritparingand
reckless they are in their denunciations, I beg leave to read
you some remarks from the seventh volume of Niles's Weekly
Register, Fhowintr the mannei in which the Opposition then
spoke of the projet of Mr. Monroe, and the mil ol Mr Giles.
The amele I shall read is in reply to the vituperation of the
then Opposition, and I shall leave it to the Senate to judge how
far a similar notice might not be justly taken of the denuncia-
tion heaped upon the present Secietary of War and the Presi-
dent. The.followingia the article to which I allude.
"Militia drafts—or 'Conscription '
"Th% ghost of'French influence' being laid in the sea that
washes the shores of the little island of Elba— factioa, at a loss
for some noisy word, happily grasped 'conscription,' and
wielded it with no little effect, ot the minds of the people It
is astonishing how complete may ba a delusion when a large
body of men unite and act together, to mislead the judgment—
and I dare say, there are tens of thousands of very honest men,
who really believe that the plans for raising a military force,
lately before Coneregs, had their origin with Napoleon Bona-
parte, and never were embodied on paper but by him, except
in the pro|et of the Secretary of War, or in the bill recently
reported to the Senate by Mr. Giles.
'•To undeceive honest men, and give our readers in general
a document of high interest, we devote a great part of this
number to the insertion of Washington's plan for organizing
an army in 1790 That it was his plan, is undeniable fiom the
assertion of General Knox, that 'H was modified according to
the alterations you [ Washmzton] were pleased to insert'
"We heaitily recommend ir to the perusal of every ore. Let
Mr. Monroe's projet (page 137) and Mr Giles's bill, (page 181)
be also carefully react— and let the reader lay his hand on h's
heart, and bay which looks the most like a 'conscription ' "
[Niles's Register, Saturday. January 7,1815.
Thus, sir, we find the opposition to the Republican Adminis-
tration of Mr. Madison crymg out against the milina plan of
the Secretary of War, and denouncing as 'conscription" the
bill reported on that basis by his leading Democratic friend m
the Senate of the United States. In reference to the violent
and extravagant denunciations which have been hurled by
their political enemies aerainst the present S< cretary of War,
and the President, we might exclaim, wnh the writer of the
article you have just heard- "It is astonishing how complete
maybe a delusion, when a large body of men unite and act
together, to mislead theiudgmeni"'
Amongst other complaints made by the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] is this—that the President warmly
recommends the plan of the Secretary of War As I under-
stand much exertion has been used in elaborate addresses, as
well as speeches, to fix this charge upon the President, whiht
Ham upon the subject, it may be well to show what he áid sai,
in contradistinction to what he did not say. What he did say, ai d
all he said, upon the subject, is to be found in this short paia>
graph;
"The present condition of the defences of our principal sea-
ports and navy yards, as represented by the accompanying re-
port of the Secretary of War, calls for the early and serous
attention of OoRgree ; and, as connecting jtaelf muma^ely with
