54*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
S6th Cong... 1st Skss
Bankrupt BUI—Mr. Strange.
Senate.
this subject, I cannot recommend too strongly to your considera-
tion the plan submitted by that officer lor the organization of
the mitiua of ihe United States."
Now, sir, the President does not say here, as may have been,
and doubt.ess has been, represented, that he recommends the
plan to the adoption of Congress. After alluding to the con-
dition of the "delences of our principal seapor's and navy
yards" in a manner to indicate that they "required our early
and serious attention," as intimately connected with that sub-
ject, he says he "cannot recommend too strongly to your con-
sideration the plan submitted by that officer (the ¡secretary of
War) for the organization of the mihtiaof (the United States "
There is certainly avastdilierence, as it must strike the mind of
everyone, between calling on us to adopt and calling on
us to consider a plan. He could not well have said
leas, and hare directed our attentien to the report at
all Besides, at that time, he had nothing before him
but the general outline of the plan, as contained in the Secre-
tary's annual report. The details of the plan, which have been
seized upon as unconstitutional and abnoxious, were not made
out till about three months afterwards; the letter containing
them bears date on the 20th of March last, responsive to a
resolution of the House, and were never seen by the President
till after th*y were presented. Hear what the Secre aryn m
self says on this point in reply to the Secretary of the Central
Democratic Committee of Virginia:
"The President concurred with me in opinion with regard,
to the importance of reorganizing ihe miliuaatthis tune but
had no agency m preparing the plan reported to Congress and
no previous knowledge of its details. It was prepared, as has
already been stated, at the request of a Committee of the House
of Representatives expressed at the close of last session, and
reported to this Congress upon a call of the House, made di-
rectly upon the Secretary of War, and, as is usual in all such
cases, sent to that body without being previously submitted to
the President. With it or its details he, therefore, had nothing
todo."
Such is the deliberate statement of a man who could not be
suspected of falsehood or prevarication by any man who is
acquainted with his character I will add this question for the
consideration of every man ol fairness and liberality: Is it
possible for the President to perform the other duties ot his
high and reponsible office, and examine all the reports of the
heads of departments and bureaus, during the session of Con-
gress?   Who will answer in the affirmativel
I trust, Mr. President, I have already said enough to excuse
the committee for not having indignantly rebuked the Presi-
dent and Secretary, as the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Pkbston] said we should have done. If any thing further should
be necessary, however, I would only remind the Senator, that he
and the committee have occupied positions, in reference to
this matter, altogether different. The committee had duties of
a somewhat judicial nature devolved upon them, and were
kvund to investigate and decide with fairness and impartiality
—whilst the Senator has appeared, in much that he has said,
rather more in the character and spirit of a prosecuting attorney,
FiodiBK it impossible to urge the conviction of Mr. Pomtsett
successfully, sustained as he is sy the reports of G n. Knox
and Gen. Harrison, the Senator from South Carolina has rather
admitted they had gone too far, and has endeavored to excuse
them, whilst he censured the present Secretary with so much
acrimony.   How does he attempt this exculpation?    Why, sir,
by reminding us that they were old soldiers, and, when their
r -ports were made, still smarting under wounds received in their
country'seervice, which were not then completely cicatrized'
Whether Gen. Knox had received wounds I really do not
recollect, he had, however, been out of military service some
ten years, I suppose, when his report was made—and at least
long enough to calm hie feeelings, and moderate his military
enthusiasm.   Nor do I know whether General Harrison had
received wounds m the military service of his country     He
certainly did not at Lower Sandusky, for he was with his
army, about seven miles distant, with his munitions and stores
all piled up leady for the torch; with troubletl pace, walking to
and fro; wringing his hands and exclsimin?, "his blood be upon
his own head, I wash my hands of it"—while the youthful but
gallant Croghan, with about one hundred and thirty men, and
one six-pounder, in a fort he had been ordered by his Gen> ral
(Harrison) to abandon, as indefensible, achieved a most glorious
and ever memorable victory over British and Indians combined,
to the number of about two thousand He received no wound at
the River Raisin where the brave and patriotic Kentuckians,
under   Gen.   Winchester,   were   overwhelmed by superior
force, and massacred in cold blood by the Indian allies of Great
Britain with the Dermis ion of British officers, whilst he [Gen.
Harrison) reposed with his army at Camp Meigs, within some
thirty miles, or one day's forced march.   Instead of marching
to the relief of those unfortunate men, he burnt his stores, and
retreated to Carrying river. He received no wound at the seige
ofFbrtMeigs,(ofwhichI have ever heard,) for he remained
securely in his fort, while the chivalrous Col. Miller (now a
member of Congress from Missouri) by his brave and success-
ful sortie, obtained a victory, which settled the difficulty, and
entitled him to imperishable fame.     Nor did he receive any
wound at the battle of the Thames, having reluctantly pursued
the enemy from Sandwich, and having been (if I am correctly
informed) at a respectable distance from the threatre of conflict
«nd danger. Talk of Gen Harrison's wounds indeed ' Why, sir,
if I do not wholly m •understand the history of his military
career, he never has been personally engaged in any battle,
(unless when a young man, while serving with Gen. Wayne,)
except the battle of Tippecanoe, in which he was caught in-
advertently, having shamefully followed the suggestion or advice
of his savage enemy, to encamp in a position acknowledged by
himself to have been favorable to such an attack; and even
there I believe he escaped unhurt, whilst the courageous and
dauntless Joseph Hamilton Daviess and his brave Kentucky
friends, fell the victims of his indiscreet and ill-judged conduct
Ño, sir: General Harrison had no wounds of which I have ever
beard, to excite or impel him to propose his extravagant
and monstrous schemes, either to train 100,000 men for six
weeks in the year, at the public expense, or "for the military
instruction of all the youth of the United States."    I have
shown that his letter to Governor Scott, of Kentucky of the
10th ofMarch, 1839, written three years before the war, coa-
tained both propositions.
Mr. President: I will detain the Senate no longer. I think
I have said enough to satisfy all reasonable and fair men, that
Mr. Poinsett's projet for reorganizing and disciplining the
militia, does not contain all those startling features of monstro-
iMy, which bar  bew ascribed to it by (be Senator from South
Carolina, here, and by his political friends elsewhere 1 have
shown, too, that however objectionable the plan of Mr Pom-
sett may be, censure cernes with a bad grace from the sup-
porters of General Hamson, who has outstripped all who
have preceded or followed after him, in regard to the time he
would requite training and the expenditures he would make
from thepublic Treasury—even "by laying on additional taxes"
—independen', of the enormous expense of his system of univer-
sal military instruction for our youth And, sir, I have esta-
blished (as I believe) by clear and indisputable documentary
proof, that Gen Harrison was a black cockade federalist du-
ring the administration of the elder Adams, and that he remains a
Federalist, even unto this day.
I thank the Senate for the kind indulgence with which they
have honored me.
Note —Since this speech was delivered, I find the first section
of the bill, reported by General Harrison in.Ianuar>, 1817 re-
quires every private of the milmato "provide himself with a
good mueket," or " with a good rifle," and other equipments,
as proposed by Mr. Poinsett, and as now required by the act of
May a 1792. The same bill, in the 15th section, declared "That
the officers and non-com missioned officers, when encamped, (as
was required,) under the preceding provisions, shall be sub
ject to the rules and articles of tear, dec " Consequently, as
regards the individual expense of the militia arming themselves,
Mr. Poinsett but followed the example of General Harrison, as
well as General Knox.
SPEECH OF MR. STRANGE,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the Senate, May. 19, 1840.
On the bill to establish a uniform sys&An of bank-
ruptcy.
Mr. STRANGE addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr President: The subject now ¡under conside-
ration has perplexed Congress, aAd divided public
opinion, as much as any other since the foundation
of the Government; and I shouW have been happy
to have left its discussion entirely to abler hands.
But, as a member of the Juditfiarv Committee, my
peculiar situation (differing, as I do, in many parti-
culars, with each of my colleagues) will excuse my
troubling the Senate and the country somewhat at
large.
I assume, for the present, that a bankrupt law
of some kind is to pass during the present session
of Congress, and that the question now is, under
what form it will best commend itself to the favor
of the American people "Whether in any bank-
rupt law the claims of justice and humanity can be
so made to harmonize as that neither shall suffer,
or, in case of irreconcileable hostility between them,
which shall most command our regard, are grave
questions, that ought not to be hastily or unadvisedly
answered. For my own part, I have hitherto be-
lieved that Justice stood frowning in the pathway
towards any bankrupt law, and have been thereby
deterred from taking any step in that direction. But
the wailings of distress coming, as I am told, from
five hundred thousand of my fellow-citizens, have
reached my ear, and their cries for relief have so
wrought upon my feelings, that I am compelled to
unite in an effort to devise some plan by which jus-
tice to the creditor and humanity to the debtor can
be reconciled. Failing in this, the question must
recur to be decided, on which side moral and consti-
tutional principles preponderate. In the mean time,
1 stand unpledged upon this great question; for, al-
though a member of the committee by which the
bill was reported, I only expressed my preference
for the amendment submitted by the chairman, [Mr.
Wall,] on the part of the minority, over the bill, as
presented from the majority, by the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton ] I was not, however, sa-
tisfied with either plan; nor am I yet satisfied, as
will be seen in the course of the remarks I am about
to submit.
Several principal points suggest themselves in
the consideration of this subject. 1st. What natural
persons, and under what circumstances, may be
constitutionally declared bankrupt? 2d. What
natural persons, and under what circumstances, it is
expedient to declare bankrupt? 3d. What is the
answer to both these questions in relation to corpo-
rations?
The first two of these questions have been so fully
and ably discussed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Webster] that I feel myself engaged in a
heartless task in going over the same ground; but
the importance of the subject and some differences
in our views, will, I trust, excuse my doing so.
The authority, and the only authority which
Congress has for legislating on this subject, is
found in the 4th clause of the 8th section of the
1st article of the Constitution of the United States.
Congress shall have power "to establish an uniform
rule of naturalization and uniform laws on the sub-
ject of bankruptcies throughout the United States."
Here vi$ as large  a charter as the wind, so
far as the subject of bankruptcies is con-
cerned; and to ascertain our power, it is only
necessary to settle the meaning of the terms
used. No one acknowledges with more plea-
sure than myself, that this is a Government of
limited powers, and that it can demand nothing that
is not set forth in the bond. I am a State Rights
man ofthestraitest sect. In conformity with these
principles I hold that in general, if not invariably,
every word in the Constitution is to be taken in its
popular sense. In the English language, "bankrupt"
has a well settled signification. Bankruptcy of
course signifies the state of being a bankrupt
Many, I know, have entangled themselves by fanci-
ful etymologies of the word by which they attempt
to limit its signification. Some suppose it a com-
pound of two Latin words, bancus—a bank, and
ruplus-—broken. It is to be remarked, however,
that few Latin dictionaries give us the word bancus
at all; and in Ainsworth's, where it is found, it is
marked as bad Latin—coined doubtless to furnish a
synonyme for our important word—bank. Others,
more correctly, perhaps, but with quite as little utili-
ty, trace it to the Italian words banco and rotto,
which do, in fact, signify broken bench; in allusion,
it is said, to the practice in Venice of breaking the
benches of the money dealers who became fraudu-
lent or insolvent. Again it is by some brought
down to us through the French word banque-route;
banque, in French, being synonymous with mensa
in Latin, or table in English; and routo with vesti-
gium in Latin, and footstep or trace in English—a
term, it is said, derived from the Roman mensarii,
which were set up in public places, and when a
trader slipped away, with an intention to deceive
his creditors, he left only some vestigia or signs of
his table or shop behind him. From this, it is argued
that, as the persons concerning whom this term origi-
nated were necessarily traders, or they could have no
bancus—banco—banque—bench or table, it can now
be properly applied to traders only, and as the first
legal proceeding in regard to them was compulsory,
and so continued up to the adoption of the Constitu-
tion,that no other than a compulsory proceeding could
be contemplated in the bankruptcies spoken of in
the Constitution. The bare statement of such an
argument is enough to excite a smile, and seems
very like trifling with the gravity of Senatorial dis-
cussion. If we must have an etymology for "bank-
rupt" and "bankruptcy," why not content ourselves
with one much more simple, and, for anght I can see,
quite as probable as those before mentioned? One
of the significations of our word "bank," is a heap or
pile of any thing. It appears to me, then, to be a far
better figure than that of the broken bench, to suppose
a man's estate, wealth or fortune, to be typically spo-
ken of as a pile or heap of money; and when this
heap is broken or swept away, either by imprudence,
calamity, or under the authority of law, according to
a very common formation of English words, he may
be very properly described as bank—rupt.
But whatever difficulties we may have about the
etymology of these words, there is none in ascertain-
ing their popular signification. Lexicographers,
and good writers in past times, all show us that
bankrupt was early used to signify one who was not
able to meet his engagements Johnson's definition
of bankrupt, in his dictionary, is "one indebted be-
yond the power of]payment." Shakspeare makes
one of his characters to say: "Sir, if you spend word
for word with me, I will make your wit bankrupt."
And another, "Time is a very bankrupt, and owes
more than he has wit to season."
Johnson, in his life of the poet Blackmore, says:
"To hinder that intellectual bankruptcy, he affects
to fear he will erect a bank for wit." Dr. Bar-
row, of whom that sprightly monarch, Charles the
Second, wittily remarked he was an unfair preacher,
because he left nothing for others to say, in one
of his charity sermons, observes: "The poor man's
pocket is a bank for our money, which can never
deceive us—all the rich traders may decay and
break, but the poor man can never fail, unless
God himself become bankrupt." Here, then, are
some ancient instances of the use of the words
"bank," "bankrupt," and "bankruptcy," in which
it would be ridiculous, and, in one at least, im-
pious, to suppose that there was any notion of an
allusion to a bench, either whole or broken.
But it is insisted by some, that whatever may
have been, or now is, the popular signification of
the word "bankruptcies," it is a term of science
known to the English law, having there an esta-
blished technical meaning; and it is further urged
that in that sense it was used by the framers of
