May, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
26th Coko««"1st Sbss.
Bankrupt Bi'l—Mr, Strange.
Senate.
our Constitution; and consequently, in reference
thereto are our powers upon the subject to be
construed.    That as known to the English  law,
"bankruptcy," ex vi termini, meant a compulsory
process issued against a "trader," who had com-
mitted some one or more of certain acts; and that
therefore, Congress can pass no bankrupt law in-
cluding under its operation other persons than tra-
ders, or depending in any degree for its action
upon any other motion than that of the creditor.
I admit that the Constitution, like any other in-
strument, is to be taken according to the intent of
those who framed it, provided they have used words
fairly expressive of that intent.   But I know of no
rule requiring us, when a word has two meanings,
the one technical and the other popular, to prefer
the former, unless there be something in  the in-
strument itself, or in the subject-matter, to indicate
that preference.     Where neither  of these exist,
common sense demands a precisely opposite course.
What is the main  object of a written Constitu-
tion?     Is it not to secure the people at large
against  the tyranny of those  in power"?   And to
give effect to that object, must not the instrument
be subject to the interpretation of the people"1 Must
the people wait until some person makes the dis-
covery for them, that their  liberties are assailed,
before they are to rise in their defence'   It was
a complaint against a  Roman Emperor, that he
hung his decrees too high for the  people to read
them.   And is it to be supposed that the framers
of our Constitution couched it in language which
the mass of the people could not comprehend"?
Simplicity, and a readiness to be understood, are
most essential qualities  of a Constitution, and it
can never be supposed, and strong evidence only
should convince us that portions of ours require a
thorough knowledge of abstruse branches  of the
law of a foreign  land on the part of those who
would understand them.    It was never the inten-
tion of our political forefathers to keep us forever
in leading-strings to Great Britain, and that every
step taken by us, in law or politics, should be re-
gulated by what she had done.   But it is too much
the fashion of those whose business it is to reduce
our Constitution to  practical results, to act  as it
this were so.   Generally lawyers, they bring their
professional habits of thinking with them into the
National Legislature, and are forever recurring to
those fountains for political, from whence they are
accustomed to draw professional knowledge.   It is
a vice which I sincerely hope will ere  long be
corrected, and that  we  shall  cease  the unwise
practice of putting new wine into old bottles, and
piecing out new garments with shreds and patches
from the old and threadbare.
When, then, we look to the general design of
that sacred instrument, the Constitution, there is
every thing pointing to its general use of words in
the popular sense, and there is nothing in the pas-
sage under consideration indicating any exception in
the word bankruptcies. The point of the argument
with those who insist upon a technical meaning of
the word bankruptcy, is, that there is a recognised
and established distinction in the English law be-
tween bankruptcy and insolvency—that bankrupt-
cy confines itself to traders, and is a compulsory
process always instigated by the creditor, while in-
solvency embraces all classes of persons indebted be-
yond their ability to pay, and is a relief sought for
by the debtor—and that our Constitution autho-
rizing Congress to legislate on the subiect of bank-
ruptcies, used the word with these limitations. I
have already said that I do not admit the obligation
to resort to English law books for the meaning of
words used in our Constitution, but if I did, high au-
thority warrants me in saying that there is no such
established distinction as that contended for between
the two terms bankruptcy and insolvency. In the
first place, the first English Bankrupt law, to wit:
34th Henry VIII, chap. 4, did not confine itself to
merchants and traders, and the amended law
of 13th Eliz. chap. 7, did not discharge the debt. In
what, then, did these two acts differ from an insol-
vent law? If any thing can be considered the
peculiarly distinguishing characteristic of a bank-
rupt, from an insolvent law, it is the
discharge of the debt; and yet we find a
bankrupt law has existed (and even in England,
too, where nothing can be wrong) without that
feature. It is true there are two forms of pro-
ceeding known to the English law: one by which
the effects of the debtor are distributed according to
fixed rules, and the debt forever discharged; the other
try which the debtor himself distributes his effects ac-
cording to his caprice, (provided there be no fraud,)
and his person only is discharged. But there is no
established wall of partition separating those two
into distinct systems; neither is there any thing in
the nature of either which would prevent their be-
ing resorted to in every case, mutatis mutandis
Chitty, an English law writer of the highest autho-
rity, in his third volume of Commercial Law, chap.
18, p. 687, says:
"We ha  e now only to pursue our inquiries into the remedies
of creditors, where the deb'or is generally unable for a time to
pav his creditors, or is absolutely bankrupt or insolvent "
He here uses those two words as equivalent
Those who insist upon the distinction between bank-
ruptcy and insolvency, say that bankruptcy ajiphes
toan inability to pay with punctuality, and insol-
vency to an inability to pay at all Now Mr Chitty,
in the same chapter, says, in treating of general in-
solvency, after speaking of time given by credi-
tors:
"Secondly, where the debtor becomes bankrupt or an insol-
vent debtor. The term insolvency, (derived from the Latin wori
insolvendum,) when used in an act of Parliament, has been
conc rued to signify an inability on the part of the debtor to pay
with punctualuy, and at the appointed day, the debt due from
him "
Adopting the very signification for insolvency
which the advocates for distinction give to bank-
ruptcy, and thus establishing their identity And
further, at page 721, after referring to the various
remedies which had been treated of for an individual
creditor, he adds: "Upon a little consideration we
shall perceive that when a party is bankrupt or in-
solvent, those remedies would be inadequate," still
speaking of them as identical, and then goes on to
sp ^ak of the peculiar advantages of the proceeding
in bankruptcy as accruing to the benefit of all the
creditois
But to come nearer home, Chief Justice Marshall,
in the case of Sturgis vs. Crowninshield, 4 Wheat,
Rep 194, says-
" But the subject is divisible in its nature int > bankrupt and
insolvent laws, though the line of partition between them is not
so distinctly marked as to enable any person to say, with posi-
tive precision, what belongs excluii yely to the one, and not to
the other, class of laws It is said, for example, that laws
which merely liberate the persons are insolvent laws, and those
which discharge the contract are bankrupt laws But if an act
of Congress should discharge the person of the bankrupt, and
leave his future acquisitions liable to his creditors, we should
feel much hesitation in saying that this was an insolvent and
not a bankrupt law, and therefore unconstitutional Another
distinction has been stated and uniformlj observed Insolvent
laws operate at the instance of an imprisoned debtor, bankrupt
laws at the instance of the creditor But should an act of Con-
gress, authorize a oommlssion of bankruptcy to issue on the
application of a debtor, a court would scarcely be warranted in
saying that the law was unconstitutional."
And again, at page 195:
" This difficulty ol discriminating with any accuracy between
insolvent and bankrupt laws, would lead to the opinion that a
bankrupt law may contain those regulations which are gene-
rally found in insolvent laws, and that an insolvent law may con-
tain those which are common to a bankrupt law."
Thus, I think, very clearly settling the question of
any real distinction in the nature of the two things.
For if one may be made at pleasure just what the
other may, who can say there is any natural
or invariable distinction between them"1 It seems,
then, that the popular and technical senses of
the word bankruptcy are so nearly the same,
that it is a mere sticking in the bark of the
tree to assume any substantial distinction them. I
still insist, however, that if it were otherwise
to the popular sense, we ought to attach our-
selves. I do not deny that the immediate effect will
be to extend the power of this Government upon
this particular subject. But the general effect will
be to keep the construction of the Constitution in the
proper hands—those of the people, and not to deliver
it over to experts, or a sort of priesthood, who, like
those of the ancient heathen gods, will pronounce
from it, with oracular solemity, whatever it may suit
their own views to pass for truth. Lasting liberty is
in the one system—inevitable and quick coming
slavery in the other. Who, then, can hesitate in
choosing between them'?
I will not trouble myself with the question, to
what extent the States may go on the subject of bank-
ruptcy, should Congress decline the exercise of its
powers, although I will remark, in passing, that, in
my humble judgment, much error nas issued from
high places on this point.
Assuming, then, as I think I may safely do, that
the Constitution gives to Congress the whole field of
insolvency, in its widest extent, for the exercise of its
powers, I propose to say a few words on the expedi-
ency of extending the provisions of any law which
may be passed by Congress, beyond the limits em-
braced in the English bankrupt laws in 1789; and in
so doing I hope to add a little strength to the positions
heretofore assumed.
The   relationship   pf   debtor   and   creditor
has  probably  existed
of   civilization      In
from the earliest period
almost all ages and all
lands, the creditor classes have nad much direct or
indirect agency in their legislation, while the debtor
classes ha\e had little or none Tue natural effect
followed, and the rights of c reditors were sedulously
and promptly guarded by law, -while those of the
debtoi, and his claims to mercv. have been over-
looked or tardily considered In Rome, the proud
patricians w ere not only the governors ol the realm,
but owned all its wealth, and ever held as debtors,
wretched plebeians, w ho, as common soldiers, toiled
for a fame that the\ seldom shaied, and by the law
of the twelv> tables, might, in case of ínsol-
v encv, be cut mtc fragments to satisfj , m proportion,
the conflicting claims ot diiieient ueditois By
other laws ot the same lealm scarcel) less cruel,
the debtor might be imprisoned m chains, subjected
to stripes and hard labor, or sold with his wile and
children into perpetual foreign Slavery (tram
Tibet im) to satisfy the demands of a cruel cre-
ditor Very similar ¡emulations seem to have ex-
isted among other nations, and weaie told that in
some parts ot the East Imites the w ite ol the debtor
wasthe lawful victim ol the passions of a relentless
creditor, andthedebt was cant elled bytheetei nal dis-
honor of the debtor and his w if e w ithout the c onsent
of either Such was the state of the world v. hen the
light of Christianity dawned upon it. The non-
payment of a debt was considered an inexpiable
crime, while the most flagrant cruelties might be
practised to enforce it without sullying the fame oi
disturbing the conscience of the creditor. But the
Sun of Righteousness first gilded with its beams the
fetters of the unfortunate debtor, and darted rays of
consolation into his desolate dungeon, and then with
a power unknown to any physical solvent, melted
the chains from his limbs, and dissipated as a mist
the walls that surrounded him, and sent him forth
to breath in security the air of freedom. Laws
were made at Rome under the Christian emperors,
by which a debtor who ceded his property to his
creditors, was freed from their powr. Still this
was no discharge of the debtor, and his future ac-
quisitions were liable to be seized Humanity, how-
ever, made a further appeal in behalf of the hap-
less debtor, and it was provided, that where a debt-
or was, by any unforeseen accident, reduced to
low circumstances, and would swear that he had
not wherewith to paj his debts, he should not be com-
pelled to give up even what was m his possession.
This last provision is probably the true germ of
the bankrupt principle    Exposure to unforeseen ac-
cident, it will be found, is the ground upon which,
throughout the English laws, those claiming the be-
nefit of the bankrupt law were entitled to their dis-
charge.   England was originally settled by a war-
like people, and no laws seem to have existed there
by wliicn the body of the debtor was subjected to im-
prisonment for a debt, properly so called, until the
statute 25, Edward HI. chapter 17, when the writ of
capias  ad  satisfaciendum,  which had previously
been used only in actions where force was charged
against the defendant, was allowed to a creditor to
enforce the payment of a debt.   We are here pre-
sented with a striking instance of the greater heart-
lessness and cruelty of Mercury than of Mars.   We
have reason to think that until Rome, in ancient
times, and England in modern, became trading na-
tions, no freeman was consigned to the common re-
ceptacle of felons, to enforce the payment of a debt.
The laws, as well as the morals, of a country, are
much more dependent upon her previous habits and
existing interests, than is generally imagined; and
in trading nations we find both the morals and laws
ranking breaches of contract with the highest crimes;
and, without intending a pun, from that influence
the forger and the murderer are made to stand upon
the same platform; a decision of corrupted justice,
which unsophisticated humanity can never sanction.
This, together with the previously stated fact that
the lawgivers are generally of the creditor classes,
has imparted a peculiar sternness to legislation in all
trading countries, upon the subject of contract, and
has even left some traces of it in that sacred charter,
our Federal Constitution.   But from time to time,
for eighteen hundred years, a spirit of mercy has
been struggling with it, and this sternness has re-
laxed.   The genius of Democracy has brought the
poor man into the halls of legislation, and the debtor
is no longer friendless, but finds a sympathy m the
bosom of the lawmaker and the judge, and the Legis-
lature has become a mediator between the debtor and
the creditor.   This is among the proudest of the
many trophies of which this benignant genius has
