May, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
545
26th Cowg««««1st Sbss.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Strange.
Senate.
at once whether more has been assumed than has
been conferred. But, stretch or contract—it is im-
material which—confusion is produced. The wall
is broken down; and it will not be long ere it will
cease to be remembered where it once stood.
And here, again, an alarming symptom is dis-
closed of that political disease which the banking
system has produced in the body politic. It cannot
be denied that, under any construction of the powers
given to Congress upon the subject of bankruptcy,
they extend to affixing the punishment of death to a
violation of the provisions of such law as it may
pass, and that any number of the citizens of any
State may become its victims. Surely it is a mor-
bid sensibility which feels so keenly an interference
with its mere legislative creations, while it is uncon-
scious of being touched by the destruction of any
number of those who constitute the State herself,
and, perhaps, even the constituents or creators of
that very corporation over which she watches with
such maternal and nervous solicitude.
The Senator from Massachusetts, who addressed us
yesterday, [Mr. Webster,] asksaquestion,withaview
to excite our alarm. "Have we the power," says he "to
impose new duties upon corporations created by the
States, and prescribe a punishment for disobedi-
ence]" Is it not quite as alarming a question, "Have
we the power to impose new duties upon the citi-
zens of a State, and prescribe the punishment for
disobedience]" And yet the answer to both must be
the same: yes! The Constitution has given us the
power, trusting that we would execute it wisely; and
can any thing but a most morbid, unnatural sensibi-
lity shrink back so instinctively from the bare touch
of a State corporation, in the very act of legislating
to bring her citizens within the grasp of a so much
dreaded power] Capital punishments may be de-
nounced against any number of individuals, and all
is well; but the slightest exercise of authority upon
corporations wakes up to agony the sensibilities of
the whole country.
But it is said the State herself may be part or sole
stockholder in one of these companies, and by de-
claring the company bankrupt, the State herself is
declared bankrupt. This is a mere assumption.
As well might it oe said, that, when a man is de-
clared bankrupt, all his creditors are declared bank-
rupt with him. It is true, whatever effects of the
creditor may have been placed in the hands of the
debtor to trade upon as his own, are seized upon,
and the creditor only receives his pro rata dividend;
but as long as he is himself solvent, the bankruptcy
of his debtor does not make him a bankrupt; and
any one who makes the imputation will subject him-
self to air action of slander. If the institution has
an act of incorporation, any effects she may hold
of the State, are just so much capital of the State
in the hands of the corporation, trusted to it to
trade upon, and if fairly and prosperously traded
upon, of course no bankruptcy takes place; but if
otherwise, why should not other creditors of that
corporation have the same remedy against it that
they would have against any other debtor] If there
is no act of incorporation, and the State trades or
banks, in person, so to speak, why then, whatever
may be said of such act of trading in other respects,
she would be altogether unaffected by a provision
in the bankrupt law merely including corporations.
The idea then, that the insertion of corporations
might eventuate in subjecting a sovereign State to
a commission of bankruptcy is a mere scare crow
—a chimera existing, and which can exist only in
the brain of those who conceive it. As well might
it be said that a State was declared bankrupt, if one
of her citizens who was indebted to her, had been
subjected to a commission.
It is conceded on all hands, thatj this Government
cannot be sued any where, and it is both a legal and
political question as to the extent of liability of the
States to be sued. But when this Government was
a stockholder in the United States Bank, did any one
question the propriety of that institution being a de-
fendant in an action, or that her being so, compro-
mitted the dignity, or affected the sovereignty, of
this Government] Never. Has it not been ex-
pressly decided, and the propriety of that decision
acquiesced in, in the case of the Bank of the United
States against the Planters' Bank of Georgia, 9th
Wheaton,904:                                                  ,
That when a Government becomes a partner in any trading
company, it divests itself, so far as concerns the transactions of
that company, of its sovereign character. Instead of commu-
nicating to the company its privileges and prerogatives, it de-
scends to a level with those with whem it associates itself?
Thus many States ot this Union, (says the opinion of Judge
Marshall,) who have an interest in banks, are not suable eren
m their  wu courts; yet they never exempt the corporation from
35
And what is a commission of bankruptcy but a
legal process] And if the copartnership of the
State does not exempt from one legal process, by
what magic shall it exempt from another] No
distinction can be broader than that between debtor
and creditor; and that between States and corpora-
tions is just as broad.
It is further urged by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that the State derives revenue from her corpo-
rations, and an interference by Congress with them
would be an interference with the revenue of the
State. I will venture to affirm that a capitation or
poll tax is the most general form of taxation through-
out the Union; and have we ever heard it offereu as
a reason against the execution of a man v, ho had
forfeited his life under a law of Congress, that his
State would lose his poll tax]
But it is said we have no right to include corpora-
tions, because they had never been  included  in
England previous to theadoptionof our Constitution.
This argument, I think, has already been fully an-
swered; if not by me, at least by the Senator from
Massachusetts, in discussing the question whether
a bankrupt law must of necessity be confined to tra-
ders. It is further argued that this power might be so
exercised as to annihilate entirely the State corpora-
tions—that this is but the fulcrum of a mighty lever
which is to move the States from their founda-
tions—that it is the assertion of the power of this
Government to stretch forth its long arm and in-
termeddle with the affairs of the States.   To show
the dangerous character of this power, it has been
said, that   Congress under it  might   assume   to
declare that a bank issuing more notes than she
had specie to redeem, might be treated as a bank-
rupt.   This is a strange objection  coming from
the other side of the chamber.    Have they not
been urging us continually for vears past to char-
ter a United States Bank, mainly upon the ground
that it would control the issues of the local banks]
So important have they deemed such a control, that
it has been looked upon as a gross dereliction of duty
on the part of Congress not to charter a Bank for
that very purpose, although they could find no au-
thority for chartering such a Bank in any other
way than as incidental to the power to regulate com-
merce.   Not only so proper, but so necessary did
they consider the exercise of this control, that they
urged us to the assumption of powers which many
think do not exist at all, which more consider ex-
ceedingly doubtful, and which they  themselves
can find only by implication.   The establishment of
the great regulator was by them considered as in-
dispensable, and now,  when   an unquestionable
power is~ found, they object to its exercise, upon
the ground that one of its main results will be just
that which they thought so very desirable, as to be-
willing to stretch the Constitution to obtain it.  For
my own part, this is with me one of the strongest
aaguments in favor of the adoption of any bankrupt
bill yet brought to my attention.     I am not sure
but we have found, in the power over bankruptcies,
the very philosopher's stone of which we have been
so long in search, by which the base material of
bank  paper shall be converted into substantial
gold—that by  this means we may regulate the
paper currency of the country (if such a currency
we must have) without transcending our constitu-
tional powers.
Another instance in which it is said the
power might be abused is, that if the banks should
declare larger dividends than Congress thinks ex-
pedient, it might be made an act of bankruptcy.
In reply, I can only say, that any power may be
abused, and that it is a poor argument against the
wholesome exercise of any power that it may
be transcended in future. The conferring power al-
ways implies some confidence in the discretion of
him on whom it is conferred. All the powers given
to Congress are trusted to its discretion in their exer-
cise, and the people are the proper correctors of
their abuse. It is a weak reason for an existing
Congress to decline the wholesome and needed ex-
ercise of a power, that a future Congress may abuse
it. If experience should show that the declaration
of large dividends tends to knavery, extrav agance,
and to ultimate insolvency of banks, it may be wise
in Congress to declare it vti act of bankruptcy, but
under present circumstances, there is no reason to
apprehend that Congress will do an act so unneces-
sary, and apparently so unjust.
But it is said bankrupt laws are not needed for
corporations as for individuáis. That when a bank
fails, its property is gone and its existence with it;
and consequently there is no person in being to take
the benefit of the discharge, and begin a new course
11
of business. This is only true in part. It depends
upon the organic law of the corporation, and
that plastic thing, a charter, may be made to confer
vitality upon a corporation, even when the life blood,
its property, has run out. But whether ne*cessary or
not for the corporations, it is highly necessary for
their creditors and the country. Although, as I
have already said, bankrupt laws were originally
framed in mercy to the debtor, they have often proved
the means of justice to the creditor. I believe
it would be found a wholesome medicine to the
banks; unpalatable perhaps, but nevertheless benefi-
cial.
We are again told that it would be useless to ex-
tend a bankrupt law to corporations, because we
cannot punish them criminally. It is true, we can-
not imprison or hang them, but we can seize upon
their property, which, by the argument last re-
ferred to, it is insisted is both the body and soul of
the corporation. But is it any argument against
giving the creditors of corporations all the power
we can over them, that, after all, it does not amount
to that which is given against individuals? It is, per-
haps, unfortunate that there is no mode oí enforcing
the bankrupt law criminally against corporations,
but that is surely no reason why we should leave
them entirely unbridled. If we must give the re-
medy to the creditor, shorn oí pari oi u, efficiency,
that is surely no good reason why we should withhold
it altogether. Indeed, this argument brings to my no-
tice a consideration that indicates a peculiar proprie-
ty in making banks the subjects of a bankrupt
law. Most of the property of banks consists of *hoses
in action, which cannot be reached by the ordi-
nary executions of courts, and, in many ways,
they have uncommon facilities in eluding the just
demands of their creditors. Much more necessary,
then, is it for their creditors to have this remedy,
by which all the effects of the debtor, of whatsoever
kind, are subjected to the payment of his creditors
in equal portions.
We are next told that it would operate very inju-
riously upon noteholders of the banks. That
while the commission was in execution they could
only get, at intervals, small and inconsiderable di-
vidends—that the notes would depreciate in their
hands and cease to circulate. In the first place,
these evils will depend very much upon the details
of the law. But grant them to exist in unmitigated
force, are they equal to the evils of a suspension*?
In the latter case, not a cent of the money for which
the notes call can be obtained, and then value exists
only in confidence, while the argument itself sup-
poses, in the former case, the evil to be partial. Tne
argument amounts to this: that we must bear a great-
er evil to avoid a less; for if a bank does not suspend,
no bankrupt law will act upon it; and if it does, why
should it not! But to convince us of the utility of
allowing banks to suspend, and not rigidly exacting
of them specie payments, we are pointed to the com-
parative prosperity of New York and Philadelphia
at this time. In the one a rigid adherence to specie
payments is observed, in the other it is altogether
suspended. In the latter we are told trade is pros 
perous, and in the former depressed or prostrate.
What is this but saying that honesty is less profitable
than dishonesty, and that a man may make his inte-
rest and not his ability the measure of fulfilment of
his engagements] Who doubts that stealing would
be an exceedingly profitable business, if the laws of
the country, instead of punishing, would license a
few favorite thieves, while the prohibition upon
stealing by all other persons continued] The Con-
stitution prohibits any State from passing any law
impairing the obligation of contracts; and yet we
here find the inclusion of the banks in a bankruptcy
law resisted upon the ground of its interfering with
the power of the States to allow these institutions to
disregard their engagements.
Some difficulties about set-off are also adverted to
by the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] be-
tween a debtor and the assignees of a bankrupt. .This
is a mere matter of detail, and provision may be
made for allowing or disallowing a set-off, as justice
and policy may seem to dictate.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster]
objects further to the inclusion of corporations, on
the ground that a conflict would thereby be occa-
sioned between the commissioners of bankruptcy
and those-authorized by some of the State laws to
exercise supervision over corporations, andmcer-
tain cases to seize their effects. Does it
not occur to that Senator that the same diffi-
culty might arise between those same com-
missioners and the persons who, in case of insolven-
cy are by the State laws, authorized to take charga
