S4¿
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
S6tb Cono>' >1st Skss.
of the effect* of individuals?   And does he not per-
caisftthatthe^security in both cases is the same, and
th*t¿$, the paramount authority of those claiming
tufidefjaelaw of the United States'?   Not, indeed,
because the General Government has any actual
control over the State Governments, or that the State
Governments are not in fact the superior authority,
bol .because, in all those cases where the Sfates   1
h*ve conferred authority upon the General Govern-   |
ragnt, they have taken just so much from them-   j
sefees . It is impossible to give away and retain   '
at the same time, and that which a man has given   :
to another to use, cannot, while in the use of that ¡
other, be also employed by himself.                              ,
But the master argument of all, and that on
w&th the gentlemen on the other side most rely, is
from the old panic family—the distress and ruin I
that  would  pervade the country  if   the banks |
vete all forced to wind up, as it is insisted they  ;
Would be, should a bill of this kind go into opera-  '
tioa.   Let it be remembered that those banks, who   '
fulfil their engagements, cannot be affected by a   |
bankrupt law, and that it is only those that do not   '
who can.   What then is this argument but that the
banks have mastered the country, and are too strong
for us, and that it is better to submit to their irregu-
larities, than attempt to control them?   These banks
have become what kings, were, in former times—
the Lord's anointed, and let no man touch them. Do
what yoa will with the indvidual man—chain—fet-
ter—imprison—hang him—but presume not to med-
dle with the corporations.
This argument is addressed by the gentlemen on
the other side, as they say, with peculiar force, from
the present condition of the country, when so large
a portion of the corporations are in a state of actual
suspension, and would, it is therefore supposed, go
forthwithÍjío the hands of commissioners.     But
this is, I conceive, a great mistake.     There is no  |
necessity-for the law going into immediate opera-   i
tiott as respects the corporations; time  may be   |
given them to prepare for it, and this, indeed,   I
would, I think, De the proper course.   As to any   j
thing the. hanks,-may have done before the pas-  11
■age of the act, I doubt exceedingly our power to   j
declare it an act of bankruptcy, subjecting them
to the operation of the law.
The end of the argument is, that there are, in
truth, many difficulties in the way of applying a
bankrupt law to corporations. It cannot be denied
there there are difficulties; they rise up like armed
men, on every hand, and oppose our advance;
but they oppose no less the passage of a bankrupt
law operating upon individuals, than upon corpo-
rations. These difficulties have long prevented
the passage of any bankrupt law, and terminated
in a very short time the only experiment ever made |
by this Government upon the subject. I be-
lieve they will beset every similar experiment.
They are, I fear, too many for us. But these diffi-
culties, if they must be imposed upon any, ought to
be shared by aU. The principles of equity, and
that great principle of equality upon which our
institutions are all based, imperiously demand it.
If a bankrupt system has advantages, let not the
few appropriate those advantages to themselves.
If ft has disadvantages, let not the many impose
them on the few. Let us not devise a system, of
which it may with truth be said, which has been
so often sarcastically remarked of all laws, that
it will catch and destroy the weak and humble,
while. the strong and powerful will break
through it.
I JiaVe thus, Mr. President, stated my general
riews of what any bankrupt law adopted by Con-
gress ought in substance to be.     But as I said
in the outset, upon the main question, whether there
shall be any bankrupt law at all, I have great diffi-
culty in deciding.   I can feel With the Senator from
Massachusetts (Mr. Webster] the deepest sympathy
fur: ih«. distressed debtor. I can hear the clank of
his'chain—I shudder at   the gloom of his dun-
geon—I catch the deep sighing from a broken
heart—the sobs of a despairing wife enter into
rfly.' Soul—the  plaintive  accents of his famished
baBlS",nieIt me  into woman's weakness; and I am
mcfveflto sacrifice every thing for his relief.  But the
appeals of humanity come not from the inside of
the dungeon only.   The cry is heard also without
its walls; notrso loud, it is true; but the voice of
justice mingles with the cry; it is in behalf of the
cíHJítor on the eve of ruin—of his wife—his little
ones.   I hesitate between conflicting emotions, and
am at a loss how to act,
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Strange.
Mr.   S.   said  he  had  announced,   some  days
before, that it was his intention to offer some amend-
ments to the amendment pioposed by the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary to the bill of the I
majority of that committee.   That he had, in the re- '
marks submitted to the Senate some days ago, stated   |
the peculiar situation in which he stood—that of   |
differing with every other member oí the committee
—not satisfied with the bill of the majority; and,
although preferring the amendmert offered in be-
half of the minority, not fully assenting to that.   He
had waited to see whether any other member of the
Senate was disposed to speak in the present state of
the question; and, finding no gentleman inclined to
proceed, he now rose for the purpose of offering his
amendments.   He proposed to amend the first sec-
tion of the bill, by striking out of the sixth line the
words, " that he hath been engaged in trading;" and
of the eleventh line, the words, "as a trader liable
to become;" and in the thirteenth line, tnc  word i,
"accordingly."   It would be seen that the object of   |
this amendment was to prevent the provisions of 11
the voluntary portion of the bankrupt bill being ex- !
clusively applicable to traders.   He had stated, or a I j
former occasion, very fully, his objections to con- 11
fining this part of the bill to traders, and would not ' I
now trouble the Senate with repeating them.              ' I
Mr. Wall, objected to the proposed amendment
and went into an argument to show that bank-
ruptcy had a technical signification in the English
law, which made it applicable to traders only, and
was adopted as a technicality into our Constitu-
stitution.
Mr. Strange, in reply, said that he had been
aware that the proposed amendment would bring
him in collision with the Senator from New Jersey,
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary;
that this consciousness had been to him a subject of
deep regret. But he had felt it his duty to propose
the amendment, and it was now his duty to defend its
propriety against the attack of his friend from New I
Jersey. lie had listened with much attention to that
Senator, but was unconvinced. He had not dis-
played his usual strength of reasoning. To adopt ,
a simile used in reference to another gentleman
and on another occasion, he would say, without
meaning to be disrespectful, that the Senator re-
minded him of a strong man struggling in a morass; '
all his exertions served but to plunge him deeper
and deeper into difficulties, and to render more obvi-
ous the unsoundness of the foundation on which he
attempted to rest.
He, Mr. S. had said, that in construing the Con-
stitution, words were generally, if not invariably, to
be taken in a popular sense.   He still thought so.
The  object ot a Constitution  was to secure the
people at large against the tyranny of those in power.
The people at large must, therefore, be able to deter-   >
mine upon its provisions.   Can it be supposed that I
it was intended that a people to whom is committed
the defence of their own rights, should be dependent  '
on others to inform them when those rights were in- ¡
vaded? Thatthey should be compelled to resort to some r'
English lawyer to inform them what rights they   '
had before they were ready to raise their arms in
defence of those rights?   And that their rights must '
at last be just what that English lawyer should see !
fit to declare them?   The thing was absurd.   For
his part, he was tired of being tied to the apron
strings of Great Britain; of being obliged to look
to her for examples as the only safe guides in our
legal   or   political   measures.    And  still  more
averse was he to the concession, that we could do
just what she   had done before us, and nothing
more.   He was for throwing off all badges of our
former vassalage to Great Britain, and not for as-
suming such as indicated that it still continued.          '
The Senator, in proof that we must, in some parts
of our Constitution, resort to the English law for the
interpretation of its meaning, had referred him to
the prohibition contained in it against suspend-
ing the habeas corpus act, or passing any bill
of attainder. Suppose these to be exceptions
to the rule he [Mr. Strange] had laid down;
they were but exceptions. But he denied that they
were in fact exceptions. It was true, habeas
corpus and attainder wgre originally technical
words, but they had lost their technicality to free-
men long before the adoption of our Constitution.
They were just as familiar to the citizens of this
land as household words. Every citizen was ap-
prised of, and knew substantially what was meant
by the inestimable principles of the habeas corpus,
and not a State in this Union but had, by adop-
tion or express enactment, a habeas corpus law,
long before the adoption of the Constitution. At-
Senate.
tainder perhaps was not quite as familiar, and yet
was perfectly understood by every man having the
slightest pretension to education, although perfectly
ignorant of the technicalities of the English law.
The Senator insists that the word bankruptcy has
no popular signification which will justify its ap-
plication to any thing but tracers. The Senator,
in the course of his own speech, has furnished us
with proof that it has such a meaning. He him-
self has spoken of men being in this country, and
at this time "irretrievably bankrupt." He suiely
did not mean that they had been put under
a commission of bankruptcy, for there is no
law now in this country authorizing the issue
of such a commission. What, then, did he mean?
Just what ninety-nine men out of a hundred in com-
mon parlance would mean by a similar expression;
that those men were ruined in their fortunes, and
owed more than they could pay. He insists that
even our common dictionaries recognise,a marked
distinction between "bankruptcy" and "insolvency,"
one of which is confined to traders, and the other
not. Now, sir, said Mr. S. I happen to have John-
son before me, and he defines bankruptcy to be "the
state of a man broken, or bankrupt," and insolvency
to be inability to pay debts. The difference between
these two states is, I think, hardly worth squabbling
about.
But if I am to be forced into the regions of tech-
nicality, I deny, even then, the establishment of any
such distinction as the Senator contends for. The
very act to which he has himself referred, (34 Hen-
ry VIII, chap. 4,) furnishes an instance of a bankrupt
law, in which this favorite provision of the Senator
is not contained. The operation of that law is not
confined to traders, but it includes other classes of
persons. If, then, this be a bankrupt law, here isa
bankrupt law which does not apply exclusively to
traders, and consequently it is not of the essence of a
bankrupt law to apply exclusively to traders. The
Senator perceiving this, to escape from the
difficulty in which it would involve him,
denies that the statute of Henry VIII is a bank-
rupt law at all. Upon this point the Senator takes
issue with the British Parliament. They have
declared it is a bankrupt law. The Senator declares
that it is not. Now wnich knows best what makes
a bankrupt law in England, the Senator or the whole
British Parliament, I will submit to his own deci-
sion. But as the question is what the English
Parliament means by the word bankruptcy, their
declaration upon this point, one might suppose,
ought to settle the quettion.
The Senator admits that we are not limited to
the English bankrupt law, just as it was when our
Constitution was adopted, but he says we cannot
alter that which is fundamental. Now what is fun-
damental? The Senator tells us that exclusive
application to traders is fundamental in a bank-
rupt lawj'and so far as I understand him, nothing
else is. How does he prove that to be fundamen-
tal? The Senator's whole speech has been a
petitio principii. He has gone round and round, be-
ginning with the declaration that exclusive applica-
bility to traders is fundamental in a bankrupt law,
and ends with the same declaration; but oners no
argument or reason in support of his declaration
Where (said.Mr. Strange) would we naturally look
for that which is fundamental? Surely that which
is fundamental must be among the earliest consti-
tuents of a subject; and yet when we go back to the
first English bankrupt law, that which is now
claimed to be fundamental, is not to be found there
at all.
In the course of his speech, the Senator himself
asks a question which seems to me to settle this
controversy. If you can make this law embrace in-
voluntary bankrupts, why may you not dispense
with its exclusive application to traders? fif the
Senator had not asked this question, I would. He
has in his own bill provision for a debtor volun-
tarily seeking the operation of a bankrupt law.
Was this ever known in England previous to the
adoption of our Constitution? Never. And is not
this a greater departure from that which is funda-
mental in a bankrupt law, than its extension to other
persons besides traders? In his judgment a far
greater; and the Senator brings himself within
the range of the reproof against straining at a gnat
and swallowing a camel. But I understood the
Senatorio admit, that, by declaring them traders,
we could bring many persons under the influence
of the bankrupt law, who, without so declaring
them, wouldnot constructively be embraced under the
word traders. For his own part he did not much
approve this dictionary legislation.    It seemed to
