June, 1840.
APPÍJNblX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
*4T
86th Cong.—1st Sess.
Militia Report—Mr. Anderson.
Senate.
him to be a much more dangerous power than any
spoken of heretofore, that Congress might legislate
words into new meanings, and thereby change the
whole texture of the Constitution. It was idle to in-
quire whether constitutionally we must have the
word traders in a bankrupt law, if Congress could
make the word traders mean just what it pleased.
He still insisted that the popular meaning' was the
true one in construing the Constitution. Take the
case of the power to provide and maintain a navy;
everyone knows that, at the time of the adoption of
oar Constitution, that man who should have spoken
of a steam frigate, would have been deemed an idle
visionary. Are we to understand, then, that a navy
How must contain just the sort of vessels then known
in the English navy, or that of other nations of the
world, and that a steam frigate is totally inadmissi-
ble! A recurrence to the declared objects
of the Constitution, in its preamble, might as-
sist somewhat in this matter. What are those
objects] To form a more perfect union, esta-
blish justice; insure domestic tranquillity; provide for
the common defence; promote the general wel-
fare, &c. These were the objects,and the accomplish-
ment of all or some of these objects, we are
Bound to .suppose, actuated the grant of power made
to the General (government. In looking to this
bankruptcy power, which of these objects maybe
supposed to nave actuated its grant? It was well
known that there would be international trading be-
tween the several States; that bargains would be
made by the citizens of one State with those of an-
other, that these contracts would not always be ful-
filled, and that insolvency would someUmes.prevent
their fulfilment. Some States would probably have
ft larferproportion of debtors than others, and vice
versa. This might giré rise to partial legislation
upon the subject, adverse to justice, and the preserva-
tion of domestic tranquillity. To establish justice,
then, in this particular, and to promote domestic
tranquillity, to Congress was confided the power of
legislating upon this delicate subject, in all its length
and breadth; and thus while, with equal hand, it
meted out the same law for every State in the
Union, a dangerous cause of quarrel would be re-
moved, and harmony preserved.
But the Senator asks if we have no constitutional
seniples about a bill omitting the magic word tra-
ders,—can we have any difficulty in voting for one
withjitin] and why, therefore, do we insist in strik-
ing it out! He answered that he placed himself
upon the same high constitutional ground with the
Senator from New Jersey, and as the advocate of
State rights, urged his amendment. He thought there
was as much danger to the States in constructively
altering the Constitution one way as the other, it
ought neither to be contracted nor expanded. It
meant just what it did mean, and nothing more nor
less-, and our security depended on keeping it to that
precise meaning. Now he could not consent to con-
tribute to a misconstruction of the Constitution in de-
fereace to any gentleman, however much he might
respect him; and to suffer those words to remain in
the bill under a concession that it was doubtful
whether we had the constitutional power to pass one
without them, was consenting to what heundoubt-
ingly believed to be a false reading of the Constitu-
tion.
Besides this, if any voluntary bankrupt law pass-
ed, he desired whatever benefits it might afford
should be extended to every citizen of this land who
needed it, whatever might be his occupation.
ORGANIZATION OF THE MILITIA.
IN SENATE.—June 10, 1840.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of
the motion to print 20,000 copies of the report of
ihe Committee on the Militia,
Mr. PRESTON suggested that this subject had
been postponed till to-day for the express purpose
of having certain documents printed and on the
desks of Senators. Bat they had not yet made their
appearance, and Mr. P. was desirous ihat they
should he in hand before proceeding in the discus-
sion.
Mr. ROANE said his object, when he acquiesced
ia the delay, was u> give-the Senaor from South
Carolina time to examine the report proposed to be
printed, and he had given him all he ahked. The
documents, he thought, had no connection with the
priming oí this report.
Mr, PRESTON admitted that the document in
question (from Generals  Knox  and  Harrison)
might have litt'e relation to the project of the Se-
ct etary of War. But this report had represented
them as similar in their character, and Mr. P. de-
sired that the Senate might have the whole matter
before them.
Mr. ROANE repeated his reasons for allowing
delay, and urged that the vote on punting these
20,000 copies should be taken now, and, when the
other documents should come before the Senate,
Mr. R. would consent to the printing of 10,000 or
20,000 of ihem He wished every thing on the
subject to £o to the people.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said the sole and sim-
ple question now before the Senate was the print-
ing of 20,000 copies of the report alone. After
ali the noise that had been made on Mr. Poinsett's
project, Mr. C. thought gentlemen could not claim
any indulgence on the plea of ignorance ot that
project.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said this report almost
wholly related to the project of General Knox and
thtee reports of General Harrison in regard to the
militia, and compared them with the scheme of
Mr. Poinsett; and Mr. C. would submit it to gen-
tlemen whether it was consistent with fairness
and candor to urge on the discussion without copies
of these documents.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he would not ob
ject to give time for the debate, which might still go
on after ordering this report to be p'inted.
After some further remarks by Messrs. CLAY
of Kentucky, ROANE, and CLAY of Alabama,
Mr. PRESTON expressed his regret at the want
of the necessary documents, remarked on the ab-
surdity of sending forth this report at a venture,
and then sending the very documents on which it
pro'essed to be a commentary, lagging aft*r it, far
in the rear. It was like trying a man after hang-
ing. Mr. P. however, proceeded to examine the
report, in which the whole reference to the plan of
Mr. Poinsett, on which it professed to treat, was
four points of resemblance, and three of difference,
with the project of General Knox. Mr. P. argued
that,in its most offensive particulars, the project of
Mr. Poinsett bore no resemblance to those of Gene-
rals Knox and Harrison, and had not of late been
equalled in any portion of Eastern Europe. He
aflgued also that it was unconstitutional in several
respects, and was a real project for the establish-
ment of a standing army, under the command of
the President.
Mr. ANDERSON said: That he did not, at this
time, design to trespass but briefly upon the atten-
tion of the Senate. And, in answer to the sugges-
tions which had just been made from the oiher
side, he took this occasion to say, no disposition
was felt by his political friends to prevent the whole
subject from being fully and fairly presented to the
American people. This is precisely what was
wanted. It was important to have the whole
truth; and he should, with great pleasure,
vote for the printing ef every paper con-
nected with this subject, and intended to be
embraced in the motions mads by the honorable
Senators from Virginia and South Carolina. He
had no wish, nor had any one, as far as he knew,
the slightest desire to obtain any advantage of pri-
ority as to the time of sending them forth to the
country. He preferred that every thing which
would contribute to the information of the people,
upon this subject, should ga together. He had no
doubt that the report of the committee, and the
history of all the facts in regard to the action of
the Government, as to the organization of the
militia, from the earliest period, will present the
whole matter in an entirely new point of light.
The country would pass upon it an impartial judg-
ment. It will be seen, that the propositions con-
tained in the letter of the Secretary of War to «he
Speaker of the House of Representatives, of the
20th of March, embraces substantially the plan of
GeneralKnox, in his report of 1790. The diffe-
rences'are immaterial. They present the same
general features, and involve the exercise of similar
powers, and the attainment of similar objects. A
critical comparison of the details may exhibit oc-
casional deviations-, bat' it will be perceived by
«very man who investigates for the sote purpose-of
understanding the respective plans, that the prac-
tical resu ts would not only be the same, but the
question  of pilicy and of constitutional law,
which are raised, are almost identical. The letter
of details reí'em d to, of the present Secretary of
War, must be taken in connection with the subse-
quent communication made by him, in explanation
of his views.
This subject must be considered as one occupy-
ing its own peculiar place in our history. It
has never been treated as involving any political
questions of a mere party character. The atten-
tion of General Washington was called to it by an
anxious solicítate to place the national means of
defence ¡n the best possible position; and this has ever
been the earnest wi*h ot hi, ni- successors. The very
objection which exi-'ed, from the foundation of our
Government, against the exclusive emp'oyment, at
all times, of a mere regular lorce, was not the
least among the causes which gave to the organi-
zation of ihe militia a high impórtame. The laws
upon this subject seem to be considered, by all, as
exceedingly imperfect; and having pasted 'hrough
two perilous conflicts with one of the mightiest na-
tions of the earth, and but recently threatened with
a contest with the same power, the unprejudiced
mind will perceive how great were the interests
wtiich produced the solicitude felt by the Adminis-
tration, ihat ihe militia of the country should be
organized and disciplined, as the most potent bul-
wark of our defence. TJndT such circumstances,
to have npglected the earnest recommendation of
the subject to the consideration of Congress would
seem to have argued an indifference to the public
safety. It will, also, be conceded, that there is a
total difference between ihe recommendation of a
mere general plan fir the organization and disci-
pline of the militia, and the expression of any wish
for the adoption of a particular set of details. The
first might be felt as a solemn duty of the President,
enforced by the special examples of Washington,
Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, and Jackson; while
the second might be justly left as within the
peculiar proviceof the military department, and
the final and controlling action of Congress.
To those who are disposed to take a candid
ancUwpartial view of the question, the truth and
justice of this suggestion must be fully admitted.
That the whole subject well deserves our
best reflections, there can be no doubt, whether to
attain to attain the result of a better and more
efficient organization, or, conforming ourselves to
the habits, manners, opinions, and feelings, of our
countrymen, to postpone it to the legislation of the
respective States. In any view in which it can
be presented, the statesman must desire that all
the facts connected with it should be fully under-
stood, and that it should receive, in some form,
the expression of our opinions. That this has not
hitherto been done, is very certain. In regard to
every thing which has heretofore been presented
to us on this subject, it has never entered into the
mind of any one to class it with the party politics
of the fday ; and the magnitude of the interests
which are put at stake, would seem to have de-
manded, from all, that this rule should have re-
mained unaltered. I believe that such.will be
the opinion of the great body of the American peo-
ple. The letter of details of the Secretary of War
has, however, been the theme of much animad ver-
sion; and it was certainly doe to the public to be
informed of the true history of the case. The re-
port which has been submitted by the chairman bf
the Militia Committee doesthis in a lucid and con-
densed shape, and will, doubtless, be satisfactory
to the country.
This discussion is founded upon a motion to-
print an extra number of copies, designed to dis-
tribute information to pur constituents. The ef-
fect of this debate will be ,to act upon the public
mind; and, therefore, the,objections which have
been made should be answered by a fair explana-
tion of t,he facts.
Sir, said he, I do not design to enter into a mi-
nuleieyiewof eTeFy thing which, has been, said
by the honqrable. geritleinan from South Caro-
lina, bat I was struck by the peculiar force with
which every sarcasm he levelled against the Secre-
ary,fe}l, ajsp, by implication, upon the distin-
guished men who had first d« vised a similar plaa
