M%
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
SOth Coxg....—1st Seis.
Militia Report—Mr. Anderson.
Senate.
for the organization and discipline of the militia.
The plan which was presented by General Knox
baring the same attributes of power, it cannot be
forgotten, received the sanction of that immortal
man whose portrait adorns this chamber;  and if,
air, the honorable Senator is free to condemn the
present   Secretary,   he  mast,   also,   pass   sen-
tence upon those noble patriots.   The full force of
their   authority   was   felt    by   him,    and   he
invoked our judgment upon the committee, for hav-
ing disturbed the repose of  the old warrior, who
first presided over the military department of the
country.   He complained that his ghost should be
paraded here!   If, Mr. President, there was any
offence in this, the allusion was extremely unfortu-
nate.   The honorable chairman has not been the
first to quote the authority of that distinguished
man.   His acts are part of the history of the coun-
try, and the political chief, who is now in the offi-
cial lead of the party to which the honorable gen-
tleman belongs, was in eighteen hundred and seven-
teen, at the head of  the militia committee in the
House of Representatives, and in a report which
he then submitted to Congress upon this subject,
disturbed the remains, for the first   time, of  the
old  .warrior,   and   summoned    his   ghost   be-
fore   bis   country.    That   chairman,  sir,   was
William Henry Harrison!      He  subjected  the
report of the first of the Secretaries  to  a more
critical examination than   it  has   now received.
8urely, sir, that   which  General  Harrison   did,
might now be done, without fault, is   not with-
out offence, by the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama.   The  only difference   which   strikes   me,
is, that it now forms a part of  the history which
it illustrates, and has induced the action of the
present Secretary; and, in  the other case, that it
was used for the purpose, in part, of adorning, I y
contrast, a luminous and classical report, replete
with sage reflections, with profound schemes of
gymnastic and military education, and the high
blandishments of martial glory.    The chairman
has given to us the report of General Knox, as the
very beginning in the great link of military pro-
jects.   The resurrection, perhaps, would have been
pardonable, except for that other ghost of a report,
an opinion of record of General Harrison, which
was made to take its proper place, and stand out at
this unpropitions hour!   Is thi  the "bead and front
of the offence?"   While, then,  we attend to the
fierce denunciations of the powers proposed to be
exercised by the present Secretary, it may not be
inappropriate to inquire for what purpose General
Harrison set so pernicious an example, as that of
first calling into public notice the plan of General
Knox.   The observer, I think, can detect, among
other things, the high sanction which was to be
sought, under a project from a great military name,
for a scheme of still more boundless power, be-
cause of more pervading influence; a scheme which,
if carried out, would change the whole moral and
political character of the country; recast its popula-
tion, and train it, not for the peaceful  pursuits of
civil life, and the quiet enjoyments of liberty, but
for conquest and renown.   It was not enough that
the adult and the youth of eighteen should be dis-
ciplined to assist in the defence of the country, but
io the language of the gentleman, the seed muát be
dropped, whose future growth would be empire
and military despotism.     Sir, it   was   no  com-
mon project, and that ambitious man,   described
by   the  honorable  gentleman,^ who   might con-
ceive   the   vast  project * of  wielding   a   mighty
military power, it' any were  to be found, stands
confessed    in    eighteen    hundred    and   seven-
teen,   in   the   profonndest   ¡scheme   of mental,
moral, social, and political revolution, that has
ever been proposed to a Congress of the  United
States.   I refer, sir, to the report of General Har-
rison, as chairman of the Militia Committee of the
House of Representatives.   That part of his report
(the whole of which may be found among the print-
ed documents of our library) is too remarkable to
be disregarded.   He says:
The ancient Republics, from which we have
drawn many of the choicest maxims upon which to
found our civil institutions, will furnish, also, a
most perfect model for ear system of national de-
itaoe.   The whole secret of anient military glory
the foundation of that wonderful combination °*
military skill and exalted valor which enabled tne
peity Republic of Athens to resist the mighiy tor-
rent of Persion invasion, which formed the walls of
Sparta, and conducted the Roman legions (influ-
enced, indeed, by unhallowed motives) to the con-
quest of the world, will be found in the military
education of their youth.   The victories of Mara-
thon and Platea, of Cynocephele and Pydna, were
the practical results of the exercises of the Campus
Martius and Gymnasia.   It is on a foundation of
this kind, and of this kind only, that an energetic
national militia can be established."
He wishes to train our militia, and all our youth,
as the youth and the militia of Sparta and Athens
and Rome were trained. In one work, he proposes
to convert us into a military Republic!
In the same report he declares that, "to secure
this, the contemplated military instruction should
form a branch of education in every school in the
United States; that a corps of military instructors
should be formed to attend to the gymnastic and
elementary part of education in every school in the
United Slates, while the more scientific part of the
art of war shall be communicated by professors of
tactics, to be established in all the higher semina-
ries."
General Harrison closes this part of the subject
in very peculiar terms, as if conscious that he had
proposed a dangerous experiment upon our institu-
tions and our liberties. He says: "The committee
are fully aware that the establishment of an institu-
tion which, from its nature, is calculated to pro-
duce an important change in the manners and the
haaits of the nation, will be received with caution
and distrust by a people jealous of their liberties,
and who boast of a Government which executes its
powers with the least possible sacrifice of indi-
vidual rights." This was but a feeble attempt to
propitiate the favor and deprecate the judgment of
his countrymen. He was dazzled by the military
i glory of the ancient world. The Campus Martins
and Gymnasium, looming brightly in the distance,
fixed the gaze of his admiration. Visions of pub-
lic games; the honors of an Olympiad; the glories
of all the battles of Greece, with her military insti-
tutions and her warlike names, seem to have borne
down and oppressed his love of our purer and
simpler forms.
I rejoice that this report of General Harrison
will be again published: it will be a more unwel-
come ghost than the ghost of Knox.
In truth, it will be a ghost of no honored omen.
It comes upon us breathing the love of glory and a
military spirit through the land—the very last spirit
that liberty will cherish!   A classic hallucination
incessantly plays before his imagination, and he
does pious reverence as a in and again to the master
states of Greece and Rome.   Delighted with that
military glory in their history, which debauched,
despoiled, and  finally subverted   their freedom,
with the flourish of their schools and the renown
of Marathon and Platea, he ushers into the presence
of the assembled Representatives of the nation this
project for the gymnastic and military education of
all the youth of our country, who have not yet
escaped from the control of the maternal hand.
While their minds are yet ductile, the deep impres-
sions of military glory are to be indelibly made.
They are to be ready prepared for the band of some
usurping conqueror.   A corps of instructors is to be
organized, and to take a part in the conduct of
every school in the land.   To complete the scheme,
another corps is to be organized for all the higher
seminaries of learning.   Fathers and mothers are
to behold their children suddenly converted into
mimic soldiers, whose dreams ate to be disturbed,
even in the nursery, by the enchantments of fame
and of conquest.   The peaceful domestic rule must
cease; the tamer hopes of rural joys and domestic
life are to be banished by the magic influence of
military gymnasia, and more than a million and a
half of children are, at the same time, to undergo
(his mental, moral, and bodily training for a great
military Republic.   The author of this deep-laid
scheme—of these gymnasia, to be scattered through-
out all the land—is the man whom the honorable
gentleman from South Carolina proposes to place
at the bead of this Government!   Sir, if the report
of the able and patriotic Secretary of War is an
error—if in following  tha example of President
Washington and General Knox he has in any wise
mistaken the true line of policy, how much greater
is the wrong perpetrated by   General  Harrison?
The first is to be but a simple training of the mili-
tia, who have already formed political opinions, and
of whom but a small part may be  cailed into ser-
vice, at fixed periods and places, and for a limited
number of   days.    They   are   to   be   officered
under    the    authority    of    the    States,    and
in   any   conflict   for power   they   would have
to choose between the usurper, on the one side, and
their wives, their children, and their country, on
the other; but under this great gymnasia system of
General Harrison, you have a million and a half,
whose opinions are to be prepared, almost from the
nursery, to be caught by pageantry and led captive
by military successes.   The danger, to my mind,
is much greater in the latter case.   You have no-
thing to oppose it—there is no rerellant power
within.   It is the action of one pulse, one thought,
one feeling—the same organized spirit and early
taught love ef glory.   In one word, it is to be a ¡e-
gularly trained public opinion, invincible for good
01 for evil.   Sir, if the honorable gentleman dr>ad<
the one, he must also fear the power of the other.
If he censures the present Secretary, he must al-o
censure General Harrison.   If the  propositions of
the one are the least unconstitutional, these of the
other are more violently so.   If he refuses to pass
condemnation upon this gigantic scheme of Gen.
Harrison, and yet does so of ilia other, it is no
longer a question of principle, but one of mere
personalities.   Of this let the public judge.
Sir, the honoral Senator was still more unfortu-
nate, if possible, in stating his objections to  the
suggestion of the Secretary, that the militia should
be considered in the service of the United States at
particular periods of training.   He drew a vivid
picture of the danger of bristling bayonets, and the
portentous array of the military to be sta'ioned, at
some future time, in the rotundo of this Capitol,while
the House of Representatives might be deliberating
upon the choice of a President of the United States.
This danger was to spring from the militia being, at
stated intervals, subject to the rules and articles of
wat!  They might be marched to the point of action
under falsepretences.and, at an unwary moment, be
brought to aid the fortunes of any usurper.    It was
in no measured terms of indignation that the ho-
norable gentleman denounced this feature, which
he was pleased to perceive, in the project of the
Secretary, without any qualifications, ith which it
had been certainly, in another part of his letter, pro-
posed to be limited by a separate set of rules, and
by fixed places and periods of rendezvous.    But,
sir, I repeat, it was extremely unfortunate, for the
cause in  which the honorable gentleman is em-
barked, that he should have ventured upon the dis-
play of the imminent perils of exercisin? this pow-
er.   Whatever may be contained in the letter of
the Secretary, the mind is materially relieved that,
like many other regulations, if it had been neces-
sary, it could be disposed of with ease and promp-
titude by the simple process of a majority.    But,
Mr. President, what will the public think when they
are told that General Harrison, although seeming
to have no scruples himself upon the subject, if we
judge by his report, was anxious to put it forever
beyond the doubts, and beyond the reach of others,
under any ordinary exercise of their rights.    He
proposed to engraft this very provision upon the
Constitution of the United States.   So important
did he consider it, that he wished to make sure of
its possession, and to place it above the impress of
a mere majority.   His proposition was, that the
militia, while engaged in the service of training,
"shall be subject to the rules and regulations pre-
scribed for the government of the militia when in
the military service of the United States!"   Here
we have, sir, a solemn proposition, not by mere or-
dinary law, but by a fundamental regulation, to
place the militia in the very attitude—the attitude
of obedience, of peril, and of power—so much
dreaded and so much denounced by the honorable
Senator from S. Carolina. This proposition is made
by a man whom he wishes to be President; who
will have the power and the patronage to put this
