uso
S6*H C0NG""1ST Sess.
Ax*Í*ÉNDÍX *tt) TttE CfÓ^GttfiáStOfNAL^L^E.
Jone, Mo.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Smith.
H. of Reps.
charter of our rights was adopted and published to
the world. There were, no doubt, many actually
engaged in the fearful struggle, and sincerely desi-
rous of casting off foreign rule and domination,
who nevertheless reta iced a fixed attachment to the
splendor and aristocracy of the English Govern-
ment; and who believed that power, rank, proper-
ty, and influence, were never designed for any but
"the well born"—that the great miss of mankind
"were made to live in servitude, to walk prone and
cowering, to till the earth and bear its fruits an of-
fering to a fellow worm." Sir, there are still mul-
titudes in this land, so highly favored, who prac-
tically deny the great and fundamental truth
that all men are crea'ed equal, and who, for
sordid wealth and self aggrandisement, would
barter away oar Government of equal laws
and equal privileges, and bind their fellow men
fast in the chains of a hopeless and degrading ser-
vitude. Since the days of our Republican fathers,
there has grown up in thii land of freemen, a mo-
neyed aristocracy of giant power, and alien to the
great interests of the laboring class of onr fellow
citizens, making every thing of the nobility of
wealth, and little or nothing of intellectual or mo-
ral worth; aiming to control the currency, capital,
and trade of the country, and boldly aspiring, by
corrapt appliances, to legislative and governmental
control. Sir, this power is every where awake to
the great contest now waging—it is in ambush and
on the battle field, marshalled under skilful and
veteran leaders, and aiming to s* ize the reins of
Government, and control the future destinies of this
gieat Republic.
The great antagonist measure to that of an In-
dependent Treasury, and the one which the Oppo-
sition are aiming to establish, is a National Bank,
an institution which has done so much for its
friends, and which was the darling measure of Mr.
Hamilton and his coadjutors, who struggled long
and bard for a Government modelled to a great
extent after that of the English.
If, sir, the people are wowed in this contest,
this second war of revolution—another National
Bank will be chartered, and made the "high tower"
of the aristocracy, from which mandates to control
the vast associated and individual wealth of the
nation are to emanate.
It is not my purpose to discuss the question,
Whether Congress has the constitutional power to
Charter such a bank; it is sufficient for me to be
assured that such an institution is inexpedient in
a Government 1 ke ours, and dangerous to the
liberties of the people. That a similar ins'itution
exists in England, and may be, as it probably is,
adapted to the genius of that Government, is no
reason why such a one should bt established in
this1 country any more than that Church and State
should be united. The Bank of England is virtu-
ally a part of the machinery of the Go-
vernment, and like every other part, ltnds
its whole influence to sustain the proroga-
tion of the Crown, a titled nobility, and a mo-
neyed aristocracy. In England, as in all
the nations of Europe, the moneyed power
and the Government are in firm alliance
to opprxss the íkoflb, and thereby to sus-
tain and perpetuate the power of the one, and the
wealth of the other. But for that alliance, the op-
préssed millions would no longer live in abject and
degraded servitude, but according to the laws of
their own being, and fully enjoy the birthright of
their creation.
The Government under which we live does not
rest upon the aristccract op wealth, and the
STRoNa arm op power, but is sustained by the
virtue, intelligence, and patriotism of the great
mass of the people, whose will, indicated and ex-
pressed through the ballot box, moulds the policy
of those who are called, as their servants, to admi-
nister it.
In our Government of equal rights and privi-
leges, based as it is on the will of the people, those
who administer its affairs should never be in alli-
ance with, or nnder the influence of, any irrespon-
sible power, bat should look for support t>> the peo-
ple, the, true source of all political power; and on
the other hand, if we would preserve in its purity,
the elective franchise, the people should be left free
to judge of men and measure?, uninflaenced by
Executive power, or sordid appliances.
A National Bank, to answer the object of its
friends, should have a capital of from fifty to one
hundred millions of dollars; nothing short of that
sum would make it what its friends desire it should
be—a great regulator. Such a bank would, be-
yond all doubt, effectually control the nine hundred
local banks in the country, having, in all, an active
capital of about four hundred millions of dollars.
Sir, let such a bank, with a money king at its head,
be made the fiscal agent of the Government, and
give it the entire revenue of the country, amount-
ing to thirty or forty millions annually, a"! so much
capital, it would be invested with a power to con-
trol, not only the currency and bus ness of the
whole Country, but the Government itself.
But, sir, the evil does not stop here. Let the
stock of such a bank pass, as most of it would,
either direeily or indirectly, into the hands of Eng-
lish capitalists, and become allied to the great cen-
tral moneyed power in London, and England,
through this medium, and the debt of two hundred
millions due to her capitalists from the States, cor-
porations, and merchan's of this country, would as
effectually control the business and destinies of this
nation, as she would were we, in fact, recoloniied.
Who, sir, can look upon this country, thus hum-
bled at d degraded, without the mo t painful and
stirring emotions. Of what avail was the vast
amount of toil and suffering, of blood and treasure,
which was the price of our liberties, if this glori-
ous inheritance, bequeathed to us by our fathers, is
now to be bartered awaj?
Against the charter of the first National Bank, in
1791, Mr. Jefferson was opposed, not only on the
ground that Congress had not the constitutional
power to charter such an institution, but because it
would be injurious to the people, and dangerous to
their liberties.
In a letter written by him to General Washing-
ton, in 1793, tvo years after the charter of the first
Bank by Congress, speaking of the effect and in-
fluence of that Bank and the banking system, he
said:
"That it furnished effectual means of corrupting such a
portion of the Legislature, as turns the balance which ever way
it is directed; that this squadron, deciding the voice of the Le-
gislature, have manifested their disposition to {jet rid of the
limitations imposed on the General Legislature—limitation^ on
the faith of which the States acceded to that instrument—
[the Constitution,! and the ultimate object of aU (his is lo pre-
pare the way for a change from the present form of Govern-
ment to that of a monarchy, of which the English Constitution
is to he the model *'
"Again, Mr. Jefferson, in a letter fo Albert Gallatin, in 1803,
speaking of Co! Hamilton's'machine,' says:
"From a passage in the letter of the president [of the Bank]
I observe an idea of establishing a branch bank of the United
States in New Orleans. This institution is one of the most
deadly hostility existing against the principles and form of our
Constitution. The nation is, at this time, so strong and united
in its sentiments, that it cannc t be shaken at this moment. But
suppose a series of untowaid events should o< cur, sufficient to
bring into doubt the competency of a Republican Government
to meet a crisis of great danger, or to unhinge the confluence of
the people in the public functionaries; an institution like this,
penetrating, by it3 branches, every part of the Union, acting by
command and phalanx, may, in a critical moment, upset the
Government. I deem no Government safe which is under the
vassalage of any «elf constituted authonties, or any other au-
thority than that of the nation, or its resalar functionaries
What an obstruction could not this Bank of the United States,
with all its branch banks, be mtime of wart It might dictate
to us the peace we should accept, or withdraw Us aid. Ought
we, then, to eive lurther growth to an institution so powerful,
so hostile'! "That it is so hostile, we know 1. From a know-
ledge of the principles of the persons composing the body of di-
rectors in every bank, principal or branch, and those of most
of the stockholders. 2. From their opposition to the measures
and pnnciples of the Government, and to the election of those
friendly to them, and 3. From the sentiments of the newspa-
pers they support. Now, while we aie strong, it is the great-
est duty we owe to the safety of our Constitution, to bring this
powerful enemy toa perfect subordination under its authori-
ties."
Against such an institution, sir, I am, and have
long been opposed; and I cannot believe that the
enlightened and patriotic people whom I have the
honor to represent, can onderstandingly be in favor
of an institution so anti-Republican and dangerous
to our liberties; for, sir, if there b« a people on
earth distinguished for their Republican simplicity
and devotion to tbe great cause of civil liberty—for
their opposition to all monopolies and special pri-
vileges—to all distinctions founded on wealth, and
that seek most of all the common good, it is the peo-
ple of the Mountain State.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cush-
ingI admits that a National Bank would be power-
V      •------- «. ,,   >.......           *
ful for good or for evil. Sir, whatever of good
such an institution may be able to accomplish, can-
not outweigh, in my mind, the consideiat.on that it
has power to spread distress and desolation throngh
the land; but, what is more than all, to bring the
Government, whether in peace or war, into a de-
graded subjection to its power. It seems to be well
settled that the Slate banks cannot be used with
safety to the Government, or to the business of the
country, as the fiscal agents to receive and disburse
the public revenue. The project has been fairly
tried, and proved so disastrous to the financial ope-
rations of the Government, and so ruinous to the
business of the country, that no resort will be again
had to them for such a purpose. Sir, it is a Na-
tional Bank or an Independent Treasury. These
are the great measures on which public sentiment
is now dividing, and to doubt as to the result would
be to donbt the capacity of the people for self-
government.
It is not my intention to enter into a particular
examination of the details of this bill; that has
been done by gentlemen on both sides, who have
preceded me, and the several provisions are
well understood. No amendments are offered
to make the bill more perfect, and the Opposi-
tion, by moving to strike out the enacting clause,
virtually admit that the bill contains all the ne-
cessary provisions to make it effectual for the
collection, safekeeping, transfer and disburse-
ment of the public revenue. It is against the
principles of the bill that the opposition is made,
and not against its detail*;.
The great object of the measure is to put the
Treasury of the nation on a footing independent
of either the business of the banks, or of indi-
viduals who are not responsible to the people; to
leave the business of the country to flow uninter-
rupted, according to the laws of trade, and unin-
fluenced by the pecuniary affairs of the Govern-
ment, and, on the other hand, to leave the Govern-
ment uninfluenced, as far as may be, from the de-
rangements and fluctuations which are of such fre-
quent occurrence in the trade and business of this
and of all other nations.
This measure is in strict accordance with the
provisions of the Constitution, and the law of Con-
gress of 1789, making provision for the appoint-
ment of a Treasurer, and defining his duties. Had
no National Bank ever been chartered, the reve-
nue of the country would always have been col-
lected and disbursed in a manner corresponding to
the mode provided by thi3 bill.
The project of an Independent Treasury is no
new thing. It was suggested by Mr. Jefferson as
early as 1803: in a letter to Mr. Gallatin, he
savs:
"But in order to be able to meet a general combination of
the banks against us in a critical emergency, could we not Biake
a beginning towards an independent use of our own money, in
all the deposites where it is received, and letting the Treasurer
give his drafts or note for payment at any particular place,
which would give us the same facilities which we derive from
banks."
A project similar to the one now before the com-
mittee, and the one suggested by Mr. Jefferson,
was proposed a few years s.nce, when what was
called the pet bank system was in operation, by
General Gordon, a member of Congress from Vir-
ginia, and received the support of the game party,
that now denounces the measure as fraught with
so mach disaster and ruin to the country. In my
own State, Mr. Chairman, there has been an Inde-
pendent Treasury from the organization of the
Government. The revenue for the support of the
Government in that State, is raised by a direct tax
on the people, and the money, when collected by
the officers appointed for that purpose by the several
towns in the States, is paid to the Treasurer, and
by him disbursed. The system there in operation,
is substantially like the one proposed by this bill, ex-
cept, that for the convenience of the Treasury De-
partment, and of those to whom disbursements
are to be made, lour receivers-general are to be
appointed in different sections of the Union. Ne-
cessary provisions are also made for drawing drafts
on the depositaries in favor of those to whom the
Government is indebted, and for the purpose of
transferring the funds from one place to another.
There is also a provision in the bill making it an
offence punishable by imprisonment in the peniten-
ira*
J Jm
