Jane, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
26th Cong.......1st Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Smith.
tiary, for any per-on employed in the collection,
safekeeping, and disbursement of the revenue, to
use, for any purpo<e, the money belonging to the
Government. This i* a most salutary provision,
and well calculated to prevent frauds and pecula-
tions. It is difficult to perceive how any
greater degree of security could be given
by way of legislative enactment, than is provided
in this bill. That frauds on individuals, and on
Governments, have been committed in all ages and
in all countries, is what all know to be true: and
that they will continue to be committed, is what no
one deubts. All that can be done by way of legis-
lation to prevent crime, is to provide certain and
adequate punishment for offences when committed.
Mr. Chairman, there is another provision of this
bill, to which strong objection is made by the Op-
position. It is what is usually called the "specie
clause." Sir, it will be seen that this is but a ne-
cessary provision to disconnect ihe Government
from the banks. Por if ihe revenue is to be, col-
lected in bank bills, the banks may as well have
the custody of them, as to have them in the vaults
of the Treasurer. They are but the promises of
the banks, and the Treasurer may as well have a
certificate of deposite as to have the bills. One is
as good as the other.
The 19th section of the bill provides that from
and after the 30th of June, 1840, one fourth
part of all the dues, taxes, sales of public
lands, debtb, and sums of money accruing
or becoming due to the United States, shall be col-
lected in tne lrgal currercy of the country, and
an additional fourth part annually, until the
whole of the revenue shall, on the 30th day of
June, 1843, be collected in gotd and silver. Here-
tofore, and nnt.l the banks suspended payment in
1837, the revenue was collected agreeably to the
provision of a resolution of Congress, ot April 13,
1816, by which the Tieasury Department was au-
thorized to receive the dues to the United States in
b lis of specie paying bank*. By this resolution
Congress authorized to be received such a currency
in payment of the revenue, as could not legally
discharge a dollar of the liabilities of the Govern-
ment None but he ban fes were, in the least de-
gree, benefited by that provision. The peeple
have, howet er, sustained a loss in the collection of
the revenue cf six millions, 6ve hundred and eighty
thousand dollars, which, wiih the interest on the
fame from the time it was received into the Trea-
sury, to the present, would amount to more than
thirteen millions. If the people have sustained
such a loss in th* collection of the revenue by the
receipts of paper money, what must they have kst
in the transacts n of their own business?
If, sir, Congress had the constitutional power to
authorize the receipt of bank paper in payment of
the dues to the Government, ii was manifestly uu-
jn«t to the pecp'e, who sustained the los which that
measure occasioned. If this bill shall pass and
become the law of the land, as I trust it will, the
people will be saved from a repetition of such
k> es hereafter, and the Government be enabled
to discharge i's own liabilities, whatever may be
the condition of the banks.
"-This, Mr. Chairman, is substantially the mea-
sure which has called forth such violent opposition,
and produced so much excitement through the
country. And from whence does all this fierce
and tireless opposition come? Sir, there is but one
answer to ibis inquiry. It comes from that party
who are in favor of a National Bank, and for a
s'rongand splendid Government. It comes from
the presidents, cashiers, directors, and stockholders
of the nine hundred banks, and their dependents,
who, as a class of the community, are no doubt
huelrigen  and resectable; yet feel like other men
the imfutse and promptings of self-interest. In
short it comes from that classofthe community who
are not, to any considerable extent, the producers;
but who live and amass their fortunes irom pro-
fits on the labor of others.
But, sir, although the object of this great mea-
sure is, as I before remarked, to divorce th* bank
and State, and to put the Government in a condi-
tion wholly independent of the banks; yet it is be-
lieved ihat it will, in many respects, produce indi-
rectly and incidentally a salutary influence upon
H. of Reps.
3S=
=SS
the whole interest of ihe country. It will ímpait a
healthy action to ihe currency bv infusing into the
circulation a large specter basis. This is admitted
on all hands to be neces ary, inasmuch as the spe-
cie now in circulation bears no just proportion to
that of bank paper. In France no bank notes are
issued of a less denomination than about ninety
dollars, and in England none less than about twen-
ty-five dollar -; while in this country, most, if not
all the banks, issue bills of the denomination of
one dollar. The consequence is, that there is but
little gold and silver in circulation in this coun-
try.
On thh subject we have the opinions expressed,
at different times, of some ef ihe most able and dis-
tinguished gentlemen in the Opposition. In 1824,
when the country was iuffering to a degree almost
without a parallel, Mr. Webster, in speaking of re-
lief to be gained by the isssue of paper money,
said:
"The commutes will not fail to observe that there is, this mo-
ment, much the loudest complaint of distress precisely where
there has been the greatest attempt to relieve it by systems of
paper credit, and on the other hand, content, prosperity, and
happiness are mos" observable in those pans of the country
where there has beer  the least enáeavor to administer relief by
law—In troth nothing is so baneful, so utterly ruinous to all
true industry, as interfering with the legal value of money, or
attempting to raise artificial standards to supply its place
Such remedies suit well the spirit of extravaeant speculation,
but they sap the very foundation of all honest acquisition "
Again, in a speech delivered in Congress in 1832,
he said:
"Of all the contrivances for cheating the laboring classes of
mankind, none have been more effectual than that which de-
lude  them wuh paper money Tins is the most effectual of
invention  to fertilize the rich man's field by the sweat of
the poor man's brow Ordinary tyranny, oppression, exces-
sive taxation, these bear lightly on the happiness of the mass
of the communit), compared with fraudulent currencies, and
the robberies committed by depreciated paper. Our own his
tory has recorded for our instiuction enough, and mure than
enough, of the demoializing tendency, the inj ustice, and intole
rabie oppression, on the virtuous and well disposed, of a de-
graded paper currency, authorized by law, or in any way coun-
tenanced by Government "
In 1834, the Hon. John Davis, the other Senator
from Massachusetts, and then Governor of that
State, stated in his message to the Legislature—
"That experience has long since proved that a metallic cur-
rency is least liable to fluctuations, and it is hoped that the ear-
liest opportunity will be seized to return to it, so far at least as
to rectify the present credit system of paper currency, and pre-
vent its fluctuations "
He says again:
"The disastrous fluctuations which we experience, are to
some extent to be imputed to the fluctuations of trie currency
The most obvious remedy against the recurrence of this ca
lamity, and the most certain method of saving the active indus-
try of the country from the devouring vortex of this almost
periodical disaster, is to increase the quantity of specie in cir
dilation."
"Fluctuations visit all who have property, and all who work
to acquire it, with injury, and compel them o submit to severe
sacrifice". What is called ascarci y of money, only means that
the banks do not discount Under pressures thus occasioned,
we have seen good estates dwindle until their possessors were
left bankrup'; we have seen labo-ers thrown out of employ, or
their wages greatly reduced, and business either suspended or
dragging those engaged in it towards rum, we have seen, also,
great anxiety and dismay pervade the whole public."
Agam he says:
"It is in vain to look for prosperity without a circulating me-
dium which commands the public confidence, if the currency
m fluctuating, business will participate in its character, and the
fluctuations bring disaster upon the seller or the buyer Com-
merce mast necssarily languish, property sink in value, and
the general prosperity be greatly abated; it is therefore ihe dic-
tate of sound pohcy to maintain a currency which will re-
main firm "
Here, Mr. Chairman, you have the views of the
two able and distinguished Senators from Massa-
chusetts on this great question of the currency.
One, as early as 1824, and again in 1832; and the
other as late as 1834. And, sir, it should be re-
membered by the whole country, that the gentle-
man who promulgated the sentiments just referred
to, as Governor of Massachusetts, in 1834, is the
same gentleman who has lately sent out a speech
through the whole country, purporting to be an an-
swer to the speech of the distinguished Senator
from Pennsylvania, in favor of the Independent
Treasury bill, in which he repudiates the sentiments
which he, as Governor, promulgated in 1834. At
that time, it was indispensably necessary, in his
opinion, that the specie basis of our circulating me-
dium should be increased. Now, the slight ten-
dency of this measure to produce such a result is,
in his view, but little less ihan treason to the bu-
siness of the country, and especially to the labor-
er. Sir, what is the extent of the influence
that this measure will have to increase
the   specie   basis   of  our   circulation!    It   is
estimated, that of the eighty-five millions of
specie in the country, only five millions will be re-
quired for tne fiscal use of the Government, at the
period when the whole revenue, under the opera-
tion of this bill, shall be collected in the legal cur-
rency of the country. This would not give us as
great a propoi non of specie in our circulating me-
dium as there i«, in England, that greatest of com-
mercial na'ions, the Government and policy of
which so command the admiration of gentlemen
opposed to this bill. It is, sir, sincerely hoped and
believed by the friends of this measure, that it will
have a tendency in some good degree to check and
restrain the banks in thfir loans and discounts, and
thereby prevent the excessive and ruinous expan-
sions and contractions of the currency, which are
so injurious and so fatal to the enterprise and busi-
ness of the community.
Sir, we want, most of all, a stable, sound, andnni-
for mcurrency. It is that which will give stability to
the prices of property and labor, it will restrain the
spirit of wild and extravagant speculation—quench
the feverish thirst for getting rich, as by ma-
gic art, without submitting to toil and honest
industry, and turn again the energies of an ever
active, enterprising, and intelligent community, to-
wards those callings and employments, so favora-
ble to moral and intellectual culture, and, m the
pursuit of which our fathers accumulated, slowly
but surely, their fortunes, and trained their chil-
dren to habits of industry, sobne'y, and economy.
Who, Mr. Chairman, has calmly and sobtrly
looked out upen ihe wreck of fortune and of cha-
racter which has marked the history of the last
ten years, but has sickened at the thought that tbe
restless wave of presumptuous speculation and
wild extravagance must still dash onward in its de-
solating course?
I cannot forbear alluding to the very singular
position taken by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, who opened the debate on this bill. If I un-
derstood him right, he professed to be in favor of
a protective tariff, and expressed his deermination
to give his vote tor such a measure when the exist-
ing revenue laws should be revised by Congress.
And yet he makes a distinct objection to this bill,
on the ground that it is unconstitutional, inasmuch
as it indirectly and incidentally operates as a pro-
tection to the manufacturing interests of the coun-
try. To sustain this position, the gentleman cited
as an authority in point the South Carolina ordi-
nance, and the opinions of distinguished gentlemen
of that Sute- All this must have, been said in the
vain hope of dnving from ihe support of, this mea-
sure some of its Southern friends. lo <,0l n ,
If it be true, as contended by the gentleman, and
by others friendly to the measure, that its influence
will be favorable to those great branches of indus-
try—agriculture and manufacture-^in which my
coastituents arc so deeply interested* it will be an
additional reason why I shall give it my support.
Our foreign commerce, until lately, was mainly
founded on an exchange oí commodities, including
the precious metals, and leaving in its .Transactions
but little of foreign debt against us; btUppder the
operation of the late extended and extraTígan^ sys-
tem of credit, produced and sustained by over
banking, importations have greatly increased be-
yond our exports, involving us in an enormous fo-
reign debt, which produces periodical disaster, by
the drain of specie from the country,, and ruin to
our manufacturing interests.
In 1830, our exports and imports were about
equal.
From 1831 to 1839, inclusive, the average
annual amount of importations exceeded one
hundred and thirty-six millions; and during
this period, the annual balance of trade against
us was about twenty-six millions. I* *P-
pears that the whole balance of trade against this
country, for the last twenty years, amoon's to two
hundred and eigbty-?even millions; and that by far
the greater portion of it has accrued since 1831.
Deduct from this sum the fair profit and difference
m valuation, and there still remains a foreign debt
against us, either State, corporate, or mercantile,
of at least two hundred millions of dollars, on
which we are annually paying interest, in gold and
lver.
