April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
553
26th Cong.•••1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. McKay.
H. oí Reps.
It is true, sir, as some gentlemen of the Opposi-
tion have admitted, that neither the President or
the fitends of the Administration have any hostili-
ty to well regulated and sate specie paying banks.
They are not.as charged by tha Opposition, in favor
of an exclusive metallic currency. Their object is
to reform, not to destroy the banks.
It is said by Opposition gentlemen here and
elsewhere, that great distress and embarrassment
prevail throughout the departments of business
¿and industry -* the country, and that the whole of
it is chargeable to the Independent Treasury sys-
tem, which they say has been practically in opera-
tion from 1837 to the present time, and but for its
roinons influences, the people would have been
prosperous and happy. That the country is now
suffering to a considerable extent, no one is dis-
posed to donbt; but whether from the measures of
the Administration, or from the conduct and mis-
management of the banks, is another question. If
the President of the United States, elected by the
votes of tbe great mass of the laboring community,
and against the will and efforts of the banks and
the moneyed aristocracy of the country, has,
through ignorance or design, brought ruin upon
mat class of our fellow-cttizens, or, in fact, of any
other class, he is no longer deserving of the con-
fidence and support of his friends. But if all the
rain and distress which the country has suffered
since his election, is justly chargeable to the banks;
and if to turn off the indignation of an injured peo-
ple from their own conduct, they have combined to
charge it all to the Government, then surely it is
doe from the people that they should sustain the
Administration of their choice against such a foul
conspiracy.
Mr. Chairman, a brief reference to a few facts
cannot fail to satisfy every honest and candid mind
on the subject.
Immediately after the recharter of the Bank of
England, tbe unprecedented expansion of the cur-
rency, which took place within a few years, great-
ly involved that whole country in debt, and the
flood of paper money which was issued by the
Bank, drove from circulation, and to a considera-
ble extent from the country, an unusual amount of
gold.
In 1837, the Bank of England, in crJer to re-
call tbe specie which had been driven from the
country, suddenly contracted it* circulation, and
the result was, that the price of produce and la-
bor was reduced from twenty to fifty per cent, and
thousands were involved in  ruin, and other multi-
tudes were reduced to beggary and starvation.    By
this operation, so ruinous to the fortunes of thou-
sands, and so calamitous to the laboring class, the
Bank regained the specie which had pas sed out of
the cjuntry.   Again, in 1838-'9,ihe Bank expand-
ed its circulation to such an extent, that it  was
obliged, before the c'ose   oí   the   year   1839, to
borrow millions of specie of the Bank of France,
and   to   contract   again   its   circulation.    The
consequence     of     this    operation    was    still
more ruinous than the one of 1837, prices of labor
and property fell from thirty to fifty per cent, mul-
titndes were plunged, as in a moment, from afflu-
ence and a prosperous business, to  tbe  lowest
depths of poverty and wretchedness; beggary and
starvation again visited the abodes of the thou-
sands of the poor, who were thrown out of em-
ployment.   Such, sir, has been the condition of
England, for the last few years, with her great re-
gulator in full operation.  I now ask the attention of
gentlemen to the history of disasters in the business
of this country, in connection with the manage-
ment of the banks.   Th > expansion of the currency
which took place in 1818, in which the Bank of the
United States, with its new charter, took the lead,
is familiar to all.   The whole community then
rushed into debt, the price of property and labor
suddenly rose, die country was rife with specula-
tion, and all was apparently prosperity.   But, sir,
how sudden, how great was the change"?   In 1819
all tbe banks suspended, and the great regulator
was on the very verge of bankruptcy.   A sudden
contraction   took place, the   necessary   result of
which was an almoft total stagnation of business
and universal bankruptcy.   Jails were filled with
«afortúnate debtors, and poor-houses with pau-
pers. In 1823 and '24, a like disaster of 1819
visited the country, and still, none of this evil was
charged to the Government—all agreed that it was
the effect of overbanking and overtrading, and the
want of a greater specie basis in our circulating
medium.
From 1829 to 1832, the Bank of the United
States greatly increased its loans, (and very libe-
rally to editors of newspapers, and to members of
Congress,) no doubt with a view to obiain a re-
charter. In 1832, the President of the United
States vetoed the bill rechartenng this Bank, and
inslantly it changed its course, and entered upon a
rapid process, contracting its circulation, which
caused such universal suffering and distress in
1833 and '34. That which could not be gained by
favor so liberally bestowed, the Bank now sought
to obtain by oppression, and through the sufferings
of the country. But it did not succeed; the people
would not yield. In 1836, the Bank of the United
States obtained a charter from the Legislature ot
Pennsylvania, with larger powers (as Mr. Biddle,
the president of it said) than it ever before pos-
sessed. Thus invested, it commenced its course of
speculation in stocks, in buying up State banks;
trading in flour, cotton, and beef; and expanding
its circulation beyond all former precedent. This
stimulated the local banks to expand their circula-
tion, and the combined influence' of all, was to
produje overaction in all the business transactions
m the country, and wild and extravagant specula-
tion. But in 1837, the day of reckoaing came, and
all the banks suspended specie payments.
la 1838 the banks resumed payments, and to regain their
losses, entered at once, regardless of all the experience of the
past, into the broad field of expansion, speculation, and finan-
cial operations, which only lasted till October, 1839, when the
bubble again burst, and most of the banks in the country sus
pended; since that time they have lessened their circulation
about thirty millions; a necessary consequence of which has
been a stagnation of business, and a reduction of the price of
property and of labor
Mr Cnairman In view of the present and past condition of
the country, it is not at all surprising that the people are deeply
excited, and anxiously inquiring for the cause of those bit-
ter ^calamities which have come upen them year after year
From this inqmry they should not—they will not be diverted
If we would address them on the subject, we should address
their reason, and not their passions. Sir, let the Opposition do
a3 they may, I am happy that the party with whom I have tha
honor to act, have no disguise, no catch words, no tricks—no
re \9ons or motives to address to one class of men, or to one sec-
tion of the country, that they do not address alike to all. They
cast their broad banner to the winds of heaven, and whether it
floats mi the Northern or Southern, the Eastern or Western
oreeie; trie eye of every beholder sees inscribed on its ample
folds the great principles for which they are contendirg, and on
wh'ch they stake the grea! issue now before the people. And,
sir, in conclusion, let me say to all the frieuds of tins great mea-
sure of reform, never doubt, never fear the people—they will
vindicate their own sagacity, integrity, and competency for sell-
government.
REMARKS OF MR. MCKAY,
OF NORTH CAROLINA.
CONCLUDED.          /
As nearly allied to thts, is the/loss which the
Government sustained in the collection of the re-
venue, either by thp failure ofAnerchants to pay
their custom-house bpnds, or by/he defalcutions of
collectors or receivers. It wiUr be setn in docu-
ment No. 10, for ihe present session, that the losses
from the first cause, that is,<af cu-tom-house bonds,
"were tbe highest frdm 1825 to 1829, of any term
since the cominendemen/ of the Government,
doubtless, in a great tneaJure, growing cut of the
excessive mercantile (speculations and failures of
that period; and the iWxt largest were ftom 1821
to 1825, resultiug, probably, from like causes;
while trom 1829 to 1833, a period of comparative
regularity in trade, the losses were smaller than in
any other term since 1809, and less than even from
1793 to 1797, and from 1797 t© 1801." As to the
second cause, it is stated in the same document,
that—
"Among collecting officers, if looking to the amounts collect
ed, the largest losses were from 1797 to 1801; next, from 1809 to
1813; next, from 1817 to 1821; and next, from 1805 to 1809.
The most numerous defaults, compared with the whole num-
ber of that class in office, were from 1809 to 1813; next, from
1805 to 1809; next, from 1821 to 1825; next, from 1817 to 1821;
and next, from 1825 to 1828. The ratio of them, from 1829 to
1833, and from 1833 to 1837, was not one-fourth as large as in
some of the periods just enumerated. Indeed, it was less than
in any previous terms from the foundation of the Government,
except four: and the number of such defaulters was less than
in any presidential term since 1804."
And while on the subject of the losses suffered
by the. Government in the collection and manage-
ment of the public revenues, it will be as well, at
once, also to notice the losses, either by deposite or
disbursing officers, though they would be more ap-
propriately introduced into his subsequent remarks.
The same document says:
"Losses appear to have occurred, from defaults amongst
officers, in every Admimst.atiou or presidential term, from the
formation of the Government. Thus among disbursing offi-
cers they are found in every term since 1789; among collecting
officers, in each sinre 1793, and among deposite officers or banks,
in all since 1817 The largest amount of loss from each class,
within the period described, has been hy deposite officers, con-
sisting of banks, and including, as the rejolutlon requires, the
depreciation on such ef then notes as were taken for the public
dues The loss by this class, at the lowest estimate, has ex-
ceeded six millions and a half of dollars, and adopting a com-
putation made by a committee of the Hauseof Representatives
in 1832, would equal thirty-five millions The next largest
amount of loss, as ascertained and computed by the proper bu-
reaus, has been by disbursing officeis, and has been a little un-
der five millions; and the least loss has been by collecting offi-
cers, not much exceeding two millions. The aggregate of all
these losses, taking the lowest estimates for banks, is about thir-
teen millions and a halt. If, in connection with this subject,
were considered the losses in collecting the revenue by the non,
payment of bonds for duties, on which credit was given to mer-
chants, something over seven anda half milhonsof dollars must
be added, increasing the aggregate to more than twenty-one
millions. The proportionate losses by these classes have been
thus: Those by the banks and by the duty bonds amount to more
than two-thirds of the whole The losses, either by the banks
alone, or the merchants' bonds alone, have br en nearly as great
as by both disbursing and collecune ofii-ers; and either is more
than threefold as great as by collectors and recovers, and seve-
ral millions more than by them, not only from 1/d9 to 18d7, but
from 1789 to the present moment "
"The particular losses in each Presidential term being also
desired by the resolution, they have been ascertained; and as
they furnish a striking solution of some of the general causes
of those losses, the periods in which the largest and some of the
smallest ones happened among each class of public agents, may
be usefally designated here Among the banks, the largwt
losses were from 1813 to 1817, then consisting entirely in de-
preciation of notes taken; and next from 1821 to 1824, consist-
ing then chiefly of deposites, while fiom 1829 to 1833, and from
1833 to 1837, they were smaller than in any penod since 1813
Among disbursing officers, looking to the amount disbursed, the
largest losses were from 1821 to 1825; next, from 1817 to 1821;
and next, from 1809 to 1813; and they were smaller from 1829
to 1833, and from 1833 to 1337, than in any other term whatever,
exrept from 1789 to 1793 The loss on each $i00 from T829 to
1833, was only nineteen cents, and from 1833 to 1837, only twen-
ty-six cents; while in some previous terms, it was as high as
two dollars and sixteen cents In this class the most numerous
losses compared with all in office, were from 1817 to 1821; next,
fiom 1821 to 1825; and next, from 1813 to 1817. The smallest
proportion in this respect, except during the first two terms un-
der the Constitution, was from 1829 to 1833, and except these,
and the third term, the next smallest was from 1833 to 1837."
Such are the extraordinary results exhibited by
that document. After all the clamor made by
the Opposition respecting the number of defaulters
during Jackson's administration, and the losses
growing out of their defalcations, who would have
believed that both as to the number of defaulters and
the amount of losses by them,that the two terms of that
administration would compare so favorably with
any that preceded them? And yet such is the fact.
Gentlemen cannot escape from this conclusion by
impeaching or doubting the verity of the docu-
ment. All the charges which they make against
the Administration, are founded on the official do-
cuments, and as the latter are unsparingly used for
the purpose of attack, it is surely nothing more than
justice that they should be employed also for that of
defence. But he would not press this any further,
as he was not aware that the accuracy of the state-
ments and tables in this document had been ques-
tioned by any one, or that there was any reason to
doit.
It is true that the cases of Swartwont and Price,
happening at the time they did, and the former
startling in amount, being upwards of a million of
dollars, gave confidence to the Opposition in press-
ing lheir charges op this ground, and caused many
good men to confide in the exaggerated statements
concerning these and other cases of defalcations;
yet when the circumstances, under which those two
officers beeame defaulters are fairly considered,
though there may be some cause of complaint
against the accounting officers of the Treasury,
there can be none against either the head of that
Department or the President; but he wonld net
go into the investigation of that now. In his
own State, and indeed district, the collector of the
port of Wilming on, in the year 1820, became a de-
faulter for the sum of $ 143,722 58, a sum, it seemed
to him quite equal in magnitude to that of Swart-
w.Dt at New York, considering the amount of
business at the two ports respectively; and he was
not aware that any thing had been said about
the case. He was certain that it had not formed
the ground of attack against the President, Mr.
Monroe.
