June. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
26th Cong......1st Sbss.
Mr. Anderson in reply to Mr. Clay of Ala.
Senate.
and in the negative only seventeen.     This   act
caused an annual expenditure of about 1300,000
The' act to provide for the improvement of cer-
tain harbors, and ior the removal of obstructions in
and at the mouths of certain rivers and for other
purposes," approved March 3d, 1837, and contain-
in" a grant for the Alexandria Canal, passed the
House of Representatives, yeas 107, nays 51. In
the affirmative there were forty-nine Opposition,
and in the negative twenty-three
The amendment to the above bill, granting a sum
not exceeding three hundred thousand dollars in aid
of the Alexandria Canal, was agreed to in the Se-
nate, yeas 24, nays 17. In the affirmative, ten Op-
position Senators voted, and in the negative only
three.
The expenditure under this act was $300,000.
The act to amend the judicial system of the
United States approved March 3d, 1837, passed the
Senate, yeas 38, nay 1 Twenty-two Opposition Se-
nators voted for the bill.
The "act making appropriations for the naval
service for the year 1836," (increasing the appropri-
ations for that service,) was passed to a third read-
ing, in the Senate, yeas 41, nay 1. Twenty-three
Opposition Senators voted foi the bill.
The "bill making appropriations for the collec-
tion of materials, and the purchase of sites, and to
commence the construction of certain fortifica-
tions," &c. passed toe Senate May 26th, 1836: yeas
31, nays 9. In the affirmative were eleven Oppo-
sition votes.
The act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year 1837, passed the House of Repre-
sentatives February 23d, 1837. An amendment,
making an additional appropriation of four hun-
dred thousand dollars for six vessels of war of 18
guns each, was agreed to in the House, yeas 116,
nays 48. Fifty Opposition members voted in the
affirmative, and twenty-three in the negative.
A resolution for the purchase of books for distri-
bution among such members of the Twenty-fifth
Congress as had not received the same under for-
mer orders, was introduced by Mr. Rariden on the
26th January, 1838, and passed on the 27th Janu-
ary—-yeas 113, nays 71. In the affirmative were
fifty-four Opposition members, and in the negative
tnirty-one.
Ttfr. Cashing gives the votes of the two parties in
the House, on several bills, during the second ses-
sion of the Twenty-fifth Congress, as follows, viz.
The bill making partial appropriations for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities of 1838, passed the
House—yeas 164, nays 2. Of the Whigs, 75 voted
in the affirmative, and 2 in the negative Of the
Administration members, 89 voted in the affirmative,
and none in the negative.
The amount of appropriation by this act was
$1,000,000.
The bill making appropriations for preventing
and suppressing Indian hostilities for the year 1838,
and for arrearages for 1837, passed the House—
yeas 143, nays 37. Of the Whigs, 48 voted in the
affirmative, and 35 in the negative. Of the Demo-
crats, 95 in the affirmative, and two in the negative.
The amount of appropriation under this act was
$6,739,410.
The bill making appropriations for the continu-
ation of the Cumberland Road, in the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, passed the House—yeas
96, nays 80. Sixty-five Whigs voted m the affir-
mative, and 24 in the negative. Thirty-one Demo-
crats voted in the affirmative, and 56 in the nega-
tive.
The amount of appropriation under this act was
$459,850.
The bill making appropriations for building light-
houses, &c.passea the House—yeas 65, nays 56.
Forty-one Whigs voted in the affirmative, and 16
in the negative. Twenty-four Democrats voted in
the affirmative and 40 in the negative.
The amount of appropriation under this act was
«07,000.
The bill to provide for certain harbors, and the
removal of obstructions in and at the mouths of cer-
tain rivers, during the year 1838, passed the House
—yeas 108, nays 81. Sixty-five Whigs voted in the
affirmative, and 27 in the negative. Forty-three
Democrats voted in the affirmative, and 54 in the
negative.                                                     •
The amount of appropriation was $1,535,008.
REMARKS OF MR. ANDERSON,
OF TENNESSEE,
/it Senate, June 16, 1840—In reply to Mr. Clay of
Kentucky, upon the motion of Mr. Preston, to
print the letter of Mr. Poinsett, and the motion
of Mr. Clat ot Alabama, to amend it by print-
íug also the report of General Knox, and the re-
ports of General Harrison, as chairman of the
Militia Committee of the House of Repretenta-
tives, in 1817 and 1818.
Mr. ANDERSON said: He rose for the purpose
(i of replying briefly to some of the suggestions of the
11 honorable Senator from Kentucky. He under-
i stood him as defending the constitutionality of the
plan of General Harnson^o establish a corps of
military instructors for every^.school in the United
State, upan the same groundXtnat wo' maintained
the military academy at West Point. / That the ho-
norable Senator believed the one to Ae as constitu-
tional as the other. S.r, said hi , I lá ffer entirely
from this view of the case. I beVteye that the pro-
portions of General Harrison aW wholly uncon-
stitutional. There is no analogy \lietv,eeri the es-,
tablishment at West Poiat, and that va^t scheme
for the infusion of a military spmt throughout the
United States, which was the design of General
Harrison to effeot. That academy is a part of the
army of the Unaed States, so created by our legis-
lation, and I call the attention of Senators to the
rules and regulations established by law, which 1
conceive settle this question. The cadet takes an
oath of enhstmeat for the term of eight years, and
is subject to the rules and articles of war. That
oath is that—
"I cadet--------, of the State of---------, aged
years and
months, do hereby en-
gage, with the consent of my guardian, to serve in
the array of the United States for eight years, un-
less sioner discharged by the proper authority.
And I, cadet---------, do hereby pledge my word of
honor as a gentleman, that I will faithfully observe
the rules and articles of war, the regulations for
the army, and the regulations for th* military
academy; and that I will, in like manner, observe
and obey the orders of the President of the United
States, and the order? of the officers appointed over
me, according to the rules and discipline of war."
In addition to this, the professors of the academy
are declared by law to be a part of the corps of
engineers; which I beg leave to read for the con-
sideration of the Senate:
"Art. 12. The professors, teachers, and cadets
of the military academy being a part of the corps
of engineers, are by law subject to the rules and
articles of war."
Here, sir, we have the question settled, and no
analogy whatever exists between that institution
and the plan of General Harrison. The first con-
stitutes a part of the army of the United States—
the lat er is a vast scheme for acting upon the ris-
ing generation, and preparing it, atan unprecedented
expense, for military power of the most dangerous
character. The views which General Harrison en-
tertains upon this subject are utterly subversive of
our free institutions. His report is marked bv the
most earnest anxiety to engraft an insidious martial
system of education upon our civil institutions, and
which, in after times, would become too powerful
for our control. It is nothing less than fitting to
the band of some usurper the means of indomita-
ble despotism.
The honorable Senator admires the sentiments
and language of the report, and denies that it con-
tains any thing dangerous. The specific details are
not made out, but the plan is distinctly laid down.
It is to appoint a "corps of instructors to attend to
the gymnastic and elementary part of education in
every school of the United States," and "profes-
sors of tactics to be established in all the higher
seminaries." It is obvious that he was conscious
of the nature and extent of this power, and his ap-
peal to the ancient Governments of Greece and
Rome, for the illustration of the excellence of his
project, can neiiher afford it support or protection.
They were prostituted by its vices, and stripped by
its power of their liberties; and it is remarkable
that the Grecian system of gymnasia and military
instruction, entered Borne about the period that
Cee>ar crosfed the Rubicon, and planted the stand-
ard of his despotism in the eternal cuy.
Sir, I consider the plan of General Harrison as
more dangerous to our freedom than any thing I
have ever known in our history. It proposes to
take charge of all the youth of our country; to edu-
cate them for military purposes, and early imbue
them with ambitious hopes, and a restless spirit for
warlike action. A mighty revolution is to be ef-
fected in our system of Government, equally ad-
verse to the feelings, wishes, habits, customs, man-
ner*, and pursuits, of the people.
The honorable Senator irom Kentucky seems to
entertan no difficulty as the constitutionality of the
military vew¡> of General Harrison. Permit me,
Mr. Piesident, to call your attention to ths remark-
able proposition which he makes in his report of
eighteen hund'ed and eighteen. In that he say*,
that "the Pi esident should, in all case , address his
orders immediately to some officer of the militia,
and not to the Executive of the Sta'e. The Go-
vernor of a State is not a militia officer, bound to
execute the orders of the President; he cannot be
tried for disobedience of orders, and punished by
the sentence ot a court martial." Here, sir, is a
direct attempt te consolidate military power in the
person ef the President, by sepaiating tie uiilitia
from the Governor—by setting aside the authority
of the States. If this oould be done, you musht
soon put an end to the present structure of our Go-
vernment. The independence of the States would
cease to exist in that most vital arm of their power
—the control of the militia. Connect this with the
other schemes of General Harrison, and the sys-
tem of usurpation would be easy, having the paih
most obsequiously pointed out by our legislation.
His design was to separate, for ever, the militia
from the Governors of the States. No identity oí
feelm?, of interest, or of official relation, was to be
permuted to exist. They were to become, in ef-
fect, as well as in name, in peace and in war, the
militia of the President of the United States, and
not of the States. This was not a rule to be mere-
ly applicable to some particular officer, but
was intended to extend to the entire organiza-
tion ! When, sir, and by whom, except by Gene-
ral Harrison, let me ask, was such a power as this,
striking at the corner stoue of tne independence
and thi sarety of the States, ever dared to be pro-
pose! for the deliberate adoption of this Go-
vernment? Every man who knows any thing of
the nature of our Constitution, and can foresee the
effect of great causes, will perceive thai this propo-
sition would utterly have changed its cnaracter;
and, certainly, perhaps lastingly, placed the sword
and the purse in the same supreme hand ! If we
connect with this recommendation, made by him,
his plan of universal military education of the
youth, by which he proposed to revolutionize " the
manners and the habits of the nation," we are as-
tonished at the cool deliberation with which a sys-
tem of changes is planned, that would, in the end,
not only give us the classic, but a corrupted and
military resemblance to the Governments of Greece
and Rome. Con ideriBg the propositions as the
most dangerous ever made in our legislative coun-
cils, I should look upon their adoption as fatal to
our liberties!
But the honorable Senator excuses General Har-
rison for his first great project, (not this last,) by
statu g that, after consideration for a short time, he
proposed that his vast plan of education, and mili-
tary training of the boys, should be engrafted upon
the Constitution by amendment. It unfortunately
happens, however, that the General has given us a
proof of his own opinions ui^on this subject, al-
though he might have moved an amendment of the
Constitution to allay the scruples of others. It
seems he had none himself; for he renewed bis great
plan (f appointing a military corps of instructors for
every school in the United States in eighteen hun-
dred and nineteen. This act, so repeated, was ut-
terly inconsistent with any doubts in hr  mind, of
the constitutionality of the measure.
To many other unanswerable objections to the
mighty schemes of General Harrison must be added,
also, the immense expense at which they would be
carried into effect.
I have before me the very able and lumuious re-
