w
June, 1840.
TIT       Mil     l -a
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
561
26th Cong«««1 t Sbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Ramsey.
H. of Heps.
a deposite bank, and payments were made (ac-
cording to authors) by writing  off  sums from
the account of one individual to those of another.
According to the principles on which this bank
was established, it should have had at all times in
its coffers, bullion equal to the full amount of the
claims upon it.   But the directors privately lent
10,500,000 florins to the States of Holland and
Friesland.   This circumstance transpired when the
French invaded Holland, and caused the ruin of
the bank.    The Bank of Hamburg is a deposite
bank, and its affairs are managed according to a
system that ensures the   fullest publicity.   Thus
the Banks of Venice, Amsterdam, and Hamburg,
were all simply banks of deposite; and the Bank
of Hamburg continues such to the present hour.
The Bank of France was founded in 1803.    The
exclusive privilege of issuing notes payable to bearer
was granted to it for forty years.   The capital of
the bank consisted at first of 45,000,000 francs,
but it was subsequently increased   to 90,000,000
francs.    The   only notes   issued   are  for    five
hundred francs,  and one thousand francs.    The
Bank of  England   was   founded ' in   1694.    It
was established upon a loan of £1,200,000 to the
Government.   In 1708, the Bank, having advanced
an additional sum of £400,000 for the public ser-
vice, the charter was continued, and the capital
increased to £4,402,343.   It subsequently became
£15,600,000.   Thisinstitution issues bills, receives
deposites, and discounts.   As a consequence, its his-
tory presents a series of expansions and contrac-
tions, with all their attendant ills.   It has frequently
been affected by panics amengst the holders of its
notes.   In 1745, the alarm occasioned by the advance
of the Highlanders under the Pretender, as far as
Derby, led to a run upon the Bank; and in order to
gain time to  concert measures  for averting the
consequences, the directors adopted the device of
paying in shillings and  sixpences.   In 1792, an
overissue of paper caused another run upon the
Bank; and on the 25th of February, 1797, it had
only £1,272,000 of cash and bullion in its coffers,
with every prospect of a violent run taking place.
In this emergency, an order of council was issued
on the 26th, prohibiting the directors from paying
their notes in specie.   Early in 1810, the paper of
the Bank was at a discount of thirteen ana one-
half par cent.; and this extraordinary fall having
attracted the attention of the legislature, the House
of Commons appointed a committee to inquire into
the circumstances  by  which it had been occa-
sioned.   The  report, which was drawn up with
great ability, justly ascribed the fall to the over-
issue of bank paper, and recommended that the
Bank should be obliged speedily to resume specie
payments.    It did subsequently resume.   On the
15th October,  1839* this Bank had notes in cir-
culation, and deposites, to the amount of twenty-
four millions of pounds sterling, and but two mil-
lions five hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds
in specie in  its  vaults, showing a proportion of
about ten to one between its liabilities and bul-
lion.    As a consequence, it was upon the eve of
suspension, and was obliged to resort to the Bank of
France for a loan.
It is very true that the Bank of England conducts
the whole banking business of the British Govern-
ment. " It acts not only," says Dr. Smith, "as an or-
dinary bank, but as a great engine of State. It re-
ceives and pays the greater part of the annuities,
which are due to the creditors of the public, it circu-
lates exchequer bills, and it advances to Government
the annual amount of the land and malt tares, which
are frequently not paid till some years thereafter."
This Bank advanced to the British Government, in
1814, £30,000,000; in 1815, £26,000,000; in 1816,
£23,000,000; in 1817, £27,000,000; and in 1818,
£23,000,000. In point of fact, however, a very large
part of these advances has been nominal only, or,
what has been the same thing, has been virtually
cancelled by the balances of the public money in the
hands of the Bank. Thus, from 1806 to 18l0, both
inclusive, (saysJ McCullogh,) the average advances
to the Government amounted to £14,000,000. But the
average balance of the public money in possession
of the Bank during the same period, amounted to
about £11,000,000, so that the real advance was
equal only to the difference between these two sums,
or to about £3,500,000. The Bank being enabled
to employ the greater part of the balances of
public money in her hands as capital, they
nave formed one of the main sources of the profit
she has derived from her transactions. It will
thus be perceived that the charter of the Bank of
England was built upon the necessities of the. Go.
vernment, and, in fact, exacted for a loan of
£1,200,000, subsequently confirmed by another bo-
nus in the shape of a loan, and at the present time
she continue the agent of the Crown, in the manner
of an exacting creditor towards a spendthrift
debtor.
This is a hasty glance at some of the principal
banking establishments of Europe. Until a very
late period, however, commerce and the arts seem to
have flourished almost wholly without the aid of
these institutions. Egypt, under Alexander and the
Ptolemies, became the emporium of the world.
Phoenicia, with a sterile soil and a confined domi-
nion, built up the magnificent cities of Sidon and
Tyre, "whose merchants were princes, and whose
trafticers were the honorable of the earth." Car-
thage, the proud rival of Rome, owed her greatness
to the frugality and industry of her citizens, com-
bined with an extensive commerce. Venice, the
hwnble owner of a few insignificant islands in the
Adriatic, became the mistress of the seas, and atone
period, besides several extensive, populous, and well
cultivated provinces in Lombardy, was possessed of
Crete, Cyprus, the greater part of the Morea, and
most of the islands in .flSgean Sea. She had also
secured a chain of forts and fortifications that extend
along the coast of Greece from the Morea to Dal-
matia. In the beginning of the fifteenth century,
the annual value of the goods exported from Venice
by sea, exclusive of those exported to the States ad-
joining her provinces in Lombardy, was estimated
by cotemporary writers at 10,000,000 ducats; the
profits of the out and home voyage, including
Ireight, being estimated at 4,000,000 ducats. At the
period in question, the Venetian shipping consisted
of 3000, from 100 to 200 tons burthen, carrying
17,000 sailors; 300 ships with 8,000 sailors, and 45
galleys of various size, kept afloat by the republic,
for the protection of her trade, having 11,000 men
on board. In the dock yard, 16.000 laborers were
usually employed. Their trade seems to have been
conducted principally by ready money. So com-
pletely were the pretensions of Venice to the sove-
reignty of the Adriatic nfeintained, that when, in
the year 1630, just before the conclusion of the
Mantuan war, a princess of the Spanish dy-
nasty wished to pass by sea from Naples to
Trieste, to espouse the son of the Emperor,
fh^ Senate refused to allow the Spanish squadron
to escort her, as an infringement upon their
right of excluding every foreign armament from
the gulf; but they gallantly offered their own fleet
for her service. The Spanish Government at first
rejected the offer, but the Venetians, says Giannone,
boldly declared that if the Spaniards were resolved
to prefer a trial of force to their friendly proposal,
the infanta must fight her way to her wedding
through fire and smoke. The haughty court of
Madrid was compelled to yield; and the Vene-
tian Admiral Antonio Pisani, then gave the
Princess a convoy in splendid bearing to Trieste
with a squadron of light galleys. Such was Venice
without the assistance of paper money; Venice for
whom the whole habitable globe was ransacked,
for whom the caravans of the East were continually
in march, and whose ships covered the remotest
seas.
Genoa, the city of palaces, rivalled Venice in her
extensive commercial enterprises. Portugal,
Spain, and Holland, afterwards successively con-
tended for the trident of the ocean, carrying on the
trade of the world, causing obscure fishing vil-
lages to rise by degrees into splendor and magni-
ficence, and pouring the wealth of the Indies into
their coffers, almost wholly through the medium of
hard money.
At the present day, have we not a continuation
of this commercial system to a great extent in al-
most every country on the face of the globe"? In
Russia, Austria, Prussia, the German and Italian
States, France, Spain, Portugal, and Holland,
there is but an insignificant circulation of bank
paper, when compared with that of Great Britain
and the United States; indeed, in some of these
countries, and gold and silver is the only currency
recognised, and yet the condition of Holland
has always been more prosperous than that of any
other nation, as history will prove, in despite of
their limited territory and the unproductiveness
of the soil. In 1690, Sir William Pelty estimated
the shipping of Europe at about 2,000,000 of tons,
which he supposed to be distributed as follows:
England, 500,000; France, 108,000; Hamburg, Den-
mark, Sweden, and Dantzic, 250,000; Spain, Portu-
gal, and Italy, 250,000; that of the Seven United
Provinces, amounting Ki 900,000 tons, of to nearly
one-half of the whole tonnage of Europe! The
foreign commerce and navigation of Holland dur-
ing the seventeenth century was, of course, greater
than that of all Europe besides; and even at this
present moment, after being trodden under foot
by the invasion of hostile armies, the Dutch are
amongst the most commercial and opulent people
of the world. Their territory not larger than
one of our smallest States, reclaimed in a great
measure from the sea, sustains a population of
2,000,000, has maintained wars of a bitter and
sanguinary character against the most powerful
kingdoms, and has been enabled to loan hundreds
of millions to foreigners, after constructing her
immense dykes and canals. Holland is, and al-
ways has been, a country of short credit; and, in
consequence of the preference given (says a distin-
guished writer) to ready money transactions, it is
not a country m which adventurers without capi-
tal have much chance of speedily making a for-
tune: but this austerity is not a disadvantage, but
the reverse. It prevents commerce from degene-
rating, as it has too often done in other places,
into gambling adventures, and places it on a com-
paratively solid foundation. And it should be
mentioned to the honor of the Dutch, and as a
proof of the excellence of this system, that, not-
withstanding the distress and loss of trade occa-
sioned by the invasion and occupation of their
country by the French, the bankruptcies in 1795,
and subsequent years, were not, comparatively, so
numerous as in England in ordinary seasons! Hol-
land, too, has always maintained free institutions,
and was the first to sympathize with us in our
Revolutionary struggle.
From these historical reminiscences, it may be
inferred that long credits are not necessary to trade,
and that despotic countries" are not the only na-
tions that carry on their commerce through the
medium of gold and silver, as-asserted by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cushing.]
Such is the dull and hazy atmosphere through
which we are permitted to glance at the opera-
tions of banks, that their prerogative would seem
to be ranked, like that ot the King of England,
amongst the arcana imperii, and their mysteries,
like those of the bona dea, are not suffered to be
pried into by vulgar mortals. With profound re-
verence, nevertheless, for the mighty power they
wield, I purpose continuing my examination in'o
the nature of these institutions, by the aid of the
few glimmering lights I have before me.
It appears that, prior to the twelfth century, gold
and silver constituted the currency of Europe; but
at a still earlier epoch, cattle are mentioned by
Homer, as the measure of value. He says the
armor of Diomede cost only nine oxen, but that
of Glaucus one hundred oxen. Salt is said to
have been a common medium of exchange in
Abyssinia; a species of shells in some parts of
India; hides, or dressed leather, in other countries;
iron in Sparta; and copper amongst the Romans.
Money, however, being the standard or measure
by which the worth of all o'her commodities is
estimated, it being essential, too, that its own
value should be invariable, and the precious me-
tals possessing this quality to greater perfection
than any other commodities, they were adopted by
civilized nations. Paper (says a learned writer)
possesses only conventional, not intrinsic value.
Coin not only measures the value of commodi-
ties in exchange, but is the real equivalent for
them; it is the veritable substance of which paper
currency is only the representative. Whether
paper money is worth any thing or not, depends
on the guarantee under which it is issued; but
coined money depends on no such contingency—
it is its own guarantee, the universal medium of
commerce, and in every market in the world will
be accepted as an equivalent for merchandise in.
proportion to its weight and purity. Such con-
ditions do not attach to a currency of paper. A
parcel of bank notes, if they arc not valuable as
money, are valuable as nothing. No one can
make a profit by converting them into any thing
else. If the bank becomes worthless that issued
them, they become worthless too, and they cannot
be transmuted into any thing of value. It is
different with a piece of gold or silver; if
it cannot be returned to the mint, it can be taken
to the goldsmith or dealer, where it can be ex-
changed for coin of another sort, or for some article
of use or ornament.
Until within these few years, banking and mo-
ney making, have been most improperiy con-
founded,   &> two business,  however,   an   bq
