5M
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
26th Cono..—.1st Sets.
Indepemlent Treasury—Mr. liamsey.
II. of Reps.
toot* distinct. One may be safely left to indivi-
dual competition, ;tie other can only be safely con-
fided to the State. The chief business of a bank-
ing establishment is to expedite the making of
payments, to discount bills, to make advances by
loan, and to form a secure deposite for cash. The
objtct of money making is wry different; it is to es-
tablish an invariable standard of value for the
general convenience of the community, and this
vs a duty i< is incumbent on the "Government to dis-
charge, as i;is for it to estabtisha standard weight,
or astandard measure of i-ngthar I capacity, what
confusion and mischief would ensue if these were
left to the caprice of individuals, more especially
if they had an interest in gradually elongating the
yard or enlarging the bushel, and then again,
Without notice or responsibility, restoring them to
their former dimensions. The consequences have
been precisely similar in leaving banks to issue
money, or its representative, without cheek, secu-
rity or responsibility.
The most essential requisite in money is stability
i  vahe. Where the power to issue is vested, is
«vsted the power to alter its value, to alter the rate
of wages, and the terms of contracts. Can a power
so universal %in its operation, touching even' one,
ft am the richest to the poore ", be safely wielded by
any other authority less than that of the State, whose
interests, it may be supposed, are not partial, but
identified with those of the whole communityl In
the management of our monetary syste.n, there has
been singular inconsistency. The guarantee of the
value oí the coinage is the purity and wi ight of the
bullion it contains, and the public stamp impressed
upon it, authenticates both. But a bai.kers note,
which represents the coin, executes aii i's functions,
and on which a profit is realized, has been suffered
to circulate without any other guarantee than a pro-
«six.that might be valid or illusive, according to
the folly or knavery, good or ill fortune of the
issuer.
The profit arising from the issue of a national cur-
rency should not be conferred by acts of legislation
upon private corporations. Is there any reason that
the bankers should share the whole, or any portion
of this revenue, any more than the manufacturers,
farmers or merchants! Most assuredly no'; it is
noncommercial pr fit, arising from the risk and
trouble of buying and selling commodities;—it is a
perquisite appertaining to the people in their na-
tional capacity. The privilege of making and issu-
ing Money is one of the oldest prerogatives of State;
it mar be delegated, but it never can be alienated,
and forms a legitimate source of public income, not
ef individual emolument.
But the bill under discussion does not propose
any restrictions upon commerce or the banks, as
has been alleged.   It simply provides for the col-
lection,  safekeeping, and disbursement of the re-
venues of the Government, which no one  will
pretend to say should be converted into  capital
for speculation, either in trade or banking.   The
bill maintains the principle that the money of the
public is to be held sacred—that it is to be set
apart for the support of Government, and is not
to be diverted into other channels?   Is there any
thing wrong in thisl   Are we violating any pri-
vilege belonging to   individuals or corporations?
No.   But the argument is, that under its opera-
tions commerce and the banks will be prostrated,
and the wages of labor reduced.  I meet this issue
■most fearlessly, and will prove conclusively that
no such results can ensue.     I deny that sound
trade or legitimate commerce can be injured by
the passage of this law.   It is true that a check
may be given to the ruinous expansions and con-
tractions of the banks, and to the insane system of
gambling that has characterized the trafficings of
oar merchants; but this salutary effect will, in a
great measure, be unfelt, in consequence of the
antecedent operation of the natural laws of trade,
which   have,   within the  last year,   reduced the
bank circulation of the country from 8135,000,000
to  $106,000,000, and,  as  a consequence,   ruined
thousands  of those,   who,  without  capital,  and
prompted by a vain desire of suddenly amassing
wealth, embarked most rashly on the wide sea ot
•peculation,   without  compass or chart to guide
them In their perilous navigation.   It seenis, Tiow-
ever, inherent in man to censure the whole world,
rather than himself, for the misfortunes that re-
mit from his own sfi-pidity, folly, or ignorance;
and whilst the unerring principles of political eco-
nomy Point out the causes that have produced dis-
asters that ought to have bee}  foreseen by every
w«H Kgttlated miad, gejyjtf #n ¿hut their eyes to
selt-evulent truths, and continue to quaff intoxica-
tion ami delusion from the Cireean cup. The Ad-
ministration is denounced fot all the disappoint-
ments that have tesulted from multitudinous .pe-
culations in town l'<ts, wild lands, and lnui n
merchandise, whilst the United Slates Hank and
its thousand auxiliaries repose on the laurels the\
have achieved, contended Up*, the Goveinmuit
shall be made responsible tor every species of
swindling and extortion piactised under the "bioad
seals'' of their charléis.
We are gravely informed that the country never
suffered pecuniary embarrassment to the same ex-
tent with that which now weighs upon her. This
may be -o, but the magnitude of a ptesent evil is al-
ways felt at the moment to be gi eater than that v hich
preceded it, and I deny that such is the fact. For
the last twenty-five years the hisioiy of the United
Suites has presented'but one continued series of ex-
pansions and contiat ions by the hanks, tMlowed
periodically by distress aad común i ual prostration,
liven at the close of the Revolutionniv war, when
relief was sought from the disastcisof the continen-
tal currency, we discover the issue raised bv the il-
lustrious Washington between paper money and
specie, m a letter to a member of the Legislature oí
Maryland, in which he declares hus hostility to bank
bills as Üie "shadow and nol the substance" oí u
sound currency. In 1814, that wise and vittuous
statesman, Simon Snyder, Governor of Pennsylva-
nia, being importuned bj uie Legishitute oí' thrt
State toco-operate with them m 'he ]M.ssage oi a l..\v
creating forty-one new banks, with a capital of
seventeen and a half millions oí dollars, for the be-
nefit, as was as-sertod, oí'^siiculmre, commerce,
and manufactures, responded as follow s, \a a mes-
sage to the two Houses:
"The htit en.uled an act to regulate liank-, was presented to
me (bi niT approbation on the <hh Inst 1 have:;iven to its
consideration all the faculties of my mind, and ihe fee'tnesof
my hear', and regret to say ihat my ft nvirtion of duty tu 'ie
community will not permit me to approve of i s paa-age into a
law. I cannot divest rayrelfol thefearthut lUfaesa;.  would
«ml only 11 erncr the wealthy and the -(M-oulitm, while it
would, in vai ¡oils forms, heap burilen  00 the poor and Indus-
trióos.                                           •
'•I ask a patriotic Legislature, is this an auspicious era to try
so vastan experiment1 Shall we increase 'hi. pressure! Shall
we ir ¡ivulnally aidour interna' and external enemies to des'roy
onr funda, and embarrass the Government? la tl ere at this
time an intelligent man in Pennsylvania who believes that a
hank note of any description is the repiesenta'ive of specie?
Is there not just ground for fear? I may confidently pay, that
industry is this only permanent source ot wealth: 11 secures sub-
sistence, and advances our Interest by stow, yet sure and regu-
lar gains, and  the best preservative of morals. Not so spe-
culation, which this bill seems to nvile. It has the direct con-
trary effect; depending on no fixed principle, it opens a field for
theexeTCiseof ingenuity, ever on the alert to take advantage of
unwary in the acciitoital variation  of thin *. The success of
the speculator by profession tempts the f.trujer anil mechanic
to forsake his a-cu-tomed honest pursuits: launched on ihe wild
sea of sppculaiion, ever exposed to deviations from rectitude,
his moral punci|>V.'iecome we?kened, and eventually all sense
of commutative lustice is destroyed."
Thus do we find Governor Snyder forewarning
his countrymen of the disasters that were to follow
the creation of this swarm of new banks. The
bill, however, was passed into a law by the consti-
tutional majority of two-thirds of the Legislature,
and, in addition, two years afterwards, the Bank of
the United States was chartered. Tne piostration
and embarrassment that ensued is thus described in
a report of .a committee of the House oí Represen-
tatives of Pennsylvania, made through the-' r chair-
man, William J. Duane, on the 28ih of January,
1820:
"As to the extent of the distress, it might be answered, in the
language of the resolutions under which your committee act,
that it is general; it extends, indeed, to the pursuits ai.d habita-
tions of the former capitalist, as well as to those o( the more
humble farmer and mechanic; there is no pari of the Common-
wealth into which calamity has not penetrated, or 111 which nil
merous victims have not been found. But with leg.ird to the
extent of the lews which the State has suffered from thedestnic-
lion of capital, the emigration of our cituens to ihe wilderness,
ihe stagnation of busm eg, the deterioration of landed property,
and the prostration of manufactories, and, above all, in the
change of the moral character of many of our citizens by the
presence of distressjyour committee are utterly unab'eto.decide;
the extent of the mischief, they believe, defies scrutiny and sur-
passes the power of calculation.
"From the numerous petitions which have been presented
at the present session, your committee quote the following ex-
tracts, which describe scenes ol distress, such as have been sel-
dom, ¡fever, before beheld on this side oftlicAilanti.;:
"Sundry citizens of Noithuioberland county declare—
" 'The currency is so diminished as scarcely to suf, ce for the
transtction of the most ordinary business; the produce of ihe
country has met with an unprecedented reduction ; the greater
part of the citizens of this once flourishing Commonwealth, even
with the utmost economy and industry, are scarcely able to ob-
tain sufficient articles to sustain life; real and personal property
are daily sacrificed, and become the prey of speculators; debts
are unpaid, creditors are dissatisfied, and the prisons ara
crowded with honest, but unfortunate persons, whose wive  and
children most be a burden on the township, or suffer for want
pf lb* nen iMceaaarMi of Ufa.'
"Sundiy ciuzw.s of Wayne county repiesent—
" 'Fiom the fill of every kind ol produce, the scarcity of the
circulating medium, and other causes, ihe peneial distiess in
uur part ot the Suite hath become w great and alarming, as to
tall lor the attention and wisdom ul the Legislature. Uur
most lndiismous citizens are no longei able lo meet their
«tieiiPrut'iiw, bin their hard-earned piopeny is daily «aeri-
fied ,iu nominal value, and falling into the hands ot a few
specul.tlors.'
"S 'tu'ry inhabitants of Piko county assert—
" '\t no tune, since the Hi volution, hasgieater distress bee 
ftlt than in ihe ptesent moment We consider die lanl'iug sys
fill to have be"n tin- 1 iinripid cause nui'eil ol heunning, aa
was pudiriid. blessings to the 1 enple, banks have heonmt like
ihe tutrpiuin ,,11101,^'the chinlren ol Israel, peilecl btas'n ol
pmy. The properly ul tho meat portion it our industrious
people is uiouglit to sale at one lourthol its value, ami struck
oil 10 specul t ois, leaving honest creditors unpai 1, ami lamiliei
rtdurcil tu beagary.'
"Sundry inliabi aun of Huntingdon county represent—
"'Tint the misa 11 the people are utterly unable,aionce, to
pay then di bn; that their property ns lling at such intei inat
even the fees ol law olhcors aro not realized; that the industri-
ous are impoverished, win st luespecLUwnq pait of i'ie. coin-
iminuy arcdaily crowiuginuri, wealth}, that the evil is only
beginnim,', andi'eni ri.    legislative interposition '
"A memorial liom sundry citizens ot thu western parts of the
State, assorts—
" '1 hat t mbarrassment is universal that the sordid and ava-
rii'iousare acquiring the 'lenliced property ol the liberal and
industrious that so much propeity is exposed to sale under ex-
ecution, that buyers cannot be hail to pay more (or it than the
fees or lilt olhcert.' that those mischiefs, instead ol diminishing,
iireddilv increasing, anJ thu overtiadingand the lacility ol gst-
tn e cretli' have produced thtse effects.'
"The petition ot the inhabitants of Fayette county repre-
sen is—
" '1 hat the fictitious capital and boundless credit extended by
banking, tho almost universal spirit of speculation, the prostra-
tion ol mnniifact! íes by the mistaken policy of the national Go-
vernment, the i'troduetion ul luxuriesand extravagance , and
a reduction ol exports, have produced a long tram ol calamine!
that intiualiy is paral)/.cd—that the precious metals have vanish-
e.l —ihat tht hank* ait totlcnug—thatlnyationisunprecedinied
In ex'rn', mil luiuous in iiselterto—thai many merciless credi-
tors, not content with plunging nnfortunale debtors into the
most abject poverty, liequenily take hum ihem the whole 01 that
property to themselves, which in better times wiiu'd pay the
sumsdueio all, leaving the unfoitunato deli.or in jail, and his
fanulv in misery.'
"Ti.ese are but a few of the extracta, which might be present*
ed to the Howe, aad placed upon the journal hut thesa are
deemed sufficient, accompanied by Hie re'ii-ark, tl at ihesa re-
presentations are not only supported by all Ibo oJ,cr petitions
presented at ibis session, but by the testimony of tha members
ol the Legislature, coming themselves from all quarters of the
Slate.'
The committee then give a short sketch of the commercial his-
tory of the country, alter which they say—
"In defiance el all experience and in contempt of warnings
almost pinp'ietic, which were given to them at the time, the
people of Pennsylvania, during an expensive war, and in the
roidsl of great embarrassments, establishedybrty one new banks
with a capital ol seventeen and a half million el dollars, and au-
thority to issue bank notes to double that amount' In conse-
quence of this must destructive measure, the inclination of a
large part 01 the people, created by past proepeniv, to live
by speculation and not by labor, was greatly increased: a spirit
in all respecis akin to gambling prevailed: a fictitious value
wasgiven to all description of property specie waadriven
from circulation, as ll by common consent, and all eflorts 10 re-
store society to its natural condition, were treated with undis-
guised contempt"                                 -,
'These remarks are followed by a short view of operations
subsequent 10 the war, alter winch, the commiuee declare 'A
new measure, however, remained to be adopted, that was really
to close the last scene m the drama of error: the currency had
already nearly vanished, but w,is temporarily restored on the
seabord. The enormity of fictitious credit began to bo felt: the
abusive extent of paper issues was about U> effect its own reme-
dy in the State, when Congress created a corporutien, with au-
thority tocircuhte upw trd=of one hundred mtlhons of anew
Üiper medium—a corporotion spreading its brarchesover the
nion, with a baneful influence of the fabled Upas.
'' 'Awakened by the quick succession of events so disas-
trous, from the dieam of perpetual piospenty uoderwhich they
had so long been entranced, tha people now find themselves in-
volved in distresses, against which no provision had been made,
and from which, they allege, they can find no retuge but in le-
gislative inierfeience.'"
Mr. Crawford, Secretar}'of the Treasury of the
United States, in a communication to Congress
about the same period, gives an unvarnished picture
of the efTects produced by an inflated paper circu-
ation.
li "Poverty and distress," eays lie, "arc impend.ng over the
eads of most of those who have attempted to improve their
farms by the aid of bank credits. So general is 1 his distress,
that the principle attention of (he State Legislaturen, where the
evil exists, is at this moment directed to the adoption of mea-
sures calculated to rescue their fellow citizens from the inevita-
ble effects of their own indiscretion. The general system of
credit which has been introduced through the agency of hanks,
brought home to every man's door, has produced a fictitious
state of things extremely adverse to the sober, frugal, and in
dustnous habits, which ought to be cherished in a republic. In
the place of these virtues, extravagance, idleness, and the spirit
of gambling adventure, have been engendered and fostered by
our institutions."
The same report states that within three years
the currency oí the United States had been reduced
from $110,000,00010 $45,000,000, and the value of
property consequently diminished more than one-
half; this, too, in the face of the Bank of the United
States.
In 1824, Mr. Clay thus speaks of the financial
condition of tho country;
