26th Cono." 1st Skss
AflPÉNDIX TÓ THÉ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
Regulating Pilots—Mr. Hillen.
H. of Reps.
phantom  which, like the hobgoblins in fairy tales,
would serve only to alarm old women or children;
and as to the probable result of the next election,
he would tell gentlemen that accounts from all
quarters confirmed him in the opinion, that Mr.
Van Buren. wa> as likely to wield "the purse and
the sword"' with the same moderation and honora-
ble bearing under this bill, as he had heretofore
done under the act which gave him millions of
money, and thousands of men, to use at his plea-
sure.
SPEECH OF MR. HILLEN,
OP MARYLAND.      ,
H 0* Bouse of Reprcstnlatives, J*ne 12, 1840.—In
favor of the repeal of me act oflíongress of March
Sd, 1837, for regulating pi Vets.
Mr. HILLEN wished to/i say a few words in
reply to the gentleman fnftn New York. They
were rendered necessar^frora the position in which
he was placed: a position not of his own selection.
When this subject was first referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, the chairman [Mr. Curtis]
in distributing the labors of the committee, assigned,
notwithstanding his objections, the examination of
this question to him. He expressed his desire that
it should be committed to the care of some other
gentlaman, but as the chairman urged it upon him,
he consented; being unwilling to appear reluctant
in performing his proportion of the duties of the
committee.
In undertaking that charge, he was well aware
of the difficulties that might arise in case his views
did not coincide with those of the New York
delegation, all of whom are now advocating
the continuance of a law which he is anxious to
repeal. But having been forced into an examina-
tion of the question, the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Curtis] must excuse him, if he followed the dic-
tates of his own judgment, founded upon the law and
the facts, in preference to the opinion of that gentle-
man, based, as he would endeavor to show, upon
mere assertions and assumptions.
At this stage of the discussion it was also neces-
sary to place himself in a proper attitude before the
House, by an unequivocal denial of the charge of
favoring combinations and monopolies. Such were
not bis principles nor the principles of the party
With whom he was associated. In the course of
his remarks, he would satisfactorily prove, that a
repeal of the act of Congress of 1837 would have no
such tendency—that the law of New York express-
ly prohibits, under penalty, any combination; and
tnat under its provisions no monopoly can ~exist. If
he succeeded m this, he felt assured that neither
the gentleman from New York, nor any of his col-
leagues, would loBiger oppose the repeal of this un-
just if not unconstitutional enactment.
The morning hour having expired, Mr. Hillen
here suspended his remarks.
On Thursday Mr. Hillen resumed:
Mr. Speaker: Yesterday, by the concession of the
fsntleman from New York, it clearly appeared that
did not obtrude into the business under discussion
as a volunteer. I took charge of the memorials of
the pilots with reluctance; but having once consent-
ed to investigate the subject, I did, what must cer-
tainly have been expected, perform the duty as-
signed with earnestness and assiduity. My zeal—
which I feel to be a duty imperatively incumbent
on me—should not subject my motives to unfair
imputations. I am actuated by no hostile feelings
towards the merchants. For them I have always
entertained the highest respect; and representing in
part the mercantile interest of Baltimore, I cannot
but feel the strongest anxiety for their prosperity.
To protect and promote those interests, I have al-
ways evinced a solicitude, when I could do so con-
sistently with the interests of other professions, and
with the welfare of the country. I ask no favors
or immunities from the House for the pilots of New
York, or of any other place; I merely demand for
them an equitable protection—such protection as is
consistent with the rights of other portions of the
community, and with the true interests of the State.
I do not asi that the New York pilots should re-
ceive the sanction or protection of Congress for
neglect or dereliction of duty; but that they may not
be subjected to unequal and oppressive restrictions
I ask only the repeal of the act of Congress of 1837
which, partial in its legislation, and the offspring of
hasty and excited action, was unjAst in its origin,
and was immediately rendered unnecessary by the'
Judicious enactment of the New York Legislature,
i ask that the wipfe niatfer way be reared to (he
situation in which it was left by the act of 1789; and
that it should remain as it was then, subject wholly
to the control of the States. Under the old system,
little or no dissatisfaction was any where exhibited;
the alteration is not equally exempt from censure.
The matter under discussion, though in its re-
sults of general interest, having been accidentally
rendered of a character purely local, probably has
not attracted the degree of attention which its in-
trinsic merits deserve; and therefore a brief his-
tory of the law regulating pilots may be neces-
sary.
In 1789, Congress conceded the power of legis-
lating on this subject to the several States, re-
signing all jurisdiction over it, establishing them
agents, and empowering them to legislate thereaf-
ter. Things thus remained from 1789 to 1837, a
space of nearly a half a century—the Legislatures
of the States exercising beneficially, through this
long lapse of time, the whole control of their re-
spective pilots, without the interposition of Con-
gress. During the whole of this period, as far as
the documentary evidence within my reach in-
forms me, no complaints were ever made to the
State Legislatures. All at once, memorials were
presented to Congress, decrying the pilots oí New
York, and denouncing their negligence and inac-
tivity. Whence originated this sudden revolu-
tion-? Whence arose a storm so unexpected ant!
so violent, after a calm of a duratitn so protract-
ed? The loss of the Bristol and the Mexico, on
the coast of New York, gave birth to the law of
Congress, and simultaneously to an act of the New
York Legislature. Here the point at issue be-
tween the gentleman from New York and myself
is, how far blame is justly attributable to the pi-
lots for the loss of those two vessels.
[Mr. Curtis here explained, that, in his re-
marks, he had expressly waived the charge against
the New York pilots. He had not attributed any
blame to them in this instance, as, had he thought
proper to do so, he would have produced evi-
dence.]
Mr. H. resumed. From the debates in 'the
committee room, Mr. Speaker, I have always un-
derstood that the neglect of the pilots was the al-
leged cause of the loss of those two vessels. I
give my meed of compliment to the ingenuity
which can urge those arguments in the privacy
of a committee, to bias the opinions of its mem-
bers, which it evades employing in public, atid
before the country: there is prudence in not again as-
suming a position whiah experience has proved
untenable. Thoughtless excitement and ill-judged
sympathy have been exerted, too successfully, to
rouse popular indignation against the pilots. It is
judicious and politic not to reiterate the charges,
lest an opportunity should at last be afforded for
their refutation. It would not be wise, after all
the violence of invective against them, to elicit in-
quiry into the slanders engendered by prejudice
and propogated by malignity. But how does it
happen that the gentleman now declines charging
the wreck of the Mexico and Bristol to the pilots'!
Whence this new born sympathy'! Whence this
infusion of leniency1? Does it originate from pure,
unsophisticated kindness to the pilots, or is it be-
cause he has at length, though late, discovered that
the accusation is founded upon falsehood, and can-
not stand the test of careful and impartial scrutiny1?
The gentleman asserts that I am mistaken when
I suppose that no complaints weieever addressed
to the Legislature of New York against the pilots,
prior to 1837. Be it so; the cause I am defending
will sujfer nothing by the concession. Policy may
have dictated crimination; but the complaints hav-
ing been discovered to be destitute of foundation,
were wisely dismissed, without any attempt to cor-
rect imaginary evils. Since no legislative action
was had favorable to the remonstrances, the infe-
rence is irresistible that the charges alleged were
destitute of foundation. This conclusion is forced
upon us by the respectability of the Legislature, as
well as the solemn obligation controlling the action
of its members. No complaints then were suffi-
cient to attract public notice, or to obtain legisla-
tive interposition, until the press, in 1837, teemed
with denunciations of the pilots, whose neglect, it
was asserted, was the indirect cause of the disas-
trous loss of the two vessels so often figuring in the
declamation of editors and orators. For the first
time known to us in such a case, the interference
of the grand jury was invoked. The subject of
framing new regulations for the pilots had been,
th,e gentleman asserts, a. long time under consider .
tion, but nothing decisive was eftecteduntil through
the agency of the shock produced by those two
wrecks. The fate of the two vessels was the en-
chanter which conjured into existence the law
which I deem unjust; and therefore the conduct of
the pilots, in relation to that affair, does, notwith-
standing the cauiion evinced by the gentleman in
avoiding the topic, forma requisite theme of inves-
tigation, and does constitute a preliminary point, at
least, at issue between us. The very report of Mr.
McKeon, who is said to have been instrumental in
the passage of the law of 1837, which report the
gentleman has quoted, proves that that law was
hastily passed, amid the tumult of excitement and
the hurry of a closing session—passed under the
influence of agitating sympathies, and with none of
that cautious deliberation which should distingtiish
legislation on matters affecting important interests
of our citizens. Even when the law was pioposed,
objection was made to its passage simply on the
ground that no time was allowed for investigating
its merits.
In passing, I may remaik that the honorable mem-
ber from New York, if I might judge from the
length of the extracts he made, placed great reliance
on the authority of that report for the support of his
own positions." But in his reading he exhibited the
caution which he has manifested through the whole
agitation of (his question. He read as much as,
when dissociated from the rest of the report, seemed
to subserve his own purpose, and stopped very care-
fully just at the place, which would explain the pre-
ceding paragraph, and prove confessedly that Mr.
McKeov did not accord exactly with the "honorable
Representative from the city of New York. If the
authority of Mr. McKkon'ís of so much weight,
as it seems to bear in the estimation of the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, I shall read
a short paragraph for his edification, commencing
my reading just where he left off his. What says
the reportl
"The cnmmit'ee have fully considered the propriety of sub-
mitting ¡-oine leaia'alive piovision io ilie decison Of the House;
but have concluded, that any attempt to interfere with the sub-
ject, especially at the present session, now rapidly approaching
to a termination, would not be advisable. It would disturb the
legislation of several States, and the regulations of all our
ports; fiom all which,'with but one exception, no complaint is
made."
This passage, the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce cautiously ommitted in his reading. It
too clearly tells the mischiefs unavoidably emanat-
ing from hasty and partial legislation, on a subject
so complex as the regulation of pilots; and ex-
plicitly recommends a postponement of action until
time would permit a matured system of laws lay
the General Government.
But as the honorable chairman did not choose to
read even thus far, he will pardon me, if. I call the
attention of the House, and nis especially, to a part
of a subsequent paragraph in the same report, which
fully upholds the principles which I have advocated.
It says:
" Congress in particular should leave with the States all
matters which canbe left under their guidance."
Above all, if Congress chooses to interfere in
matters which have been conceded by its own act
to the legislation of the States, its interference
should be plenary, or none at all. It should either
resume its rights in toto, or forbear all interposition.
The lines between State and general legislation,
should be kept distinctly marked. Nothing can be
so dangerous to the rights of the States, as to suf-
fer under any circumstances, or any pretence, the
slightest amalgamation of the disperate jurisdiction
of the co-ordinate authorities, governing the citi-
zens of this country. Permit confusion once to be
created, tolerate the supremacy of one to be merged
in the legislation of the other, and the rights of the
States will gradually, and imperceptibly lose their
identity in centralism. II a divided empire is in dan-
ger, a divided legislation is dangerous. It is dan-
gerous to the liberties of the citizens; anomalous in
its aspect, and necessarily unequal in its operations.
If there be but one object on which to legislate,
there should in all wisdom be but one legislative
action. For one result, there should be but one
cause. The supposition of two causes for one effect,
is unphilosophical in metaphysics; two law givers
for one subject, is unwise in Government. You
can t serve two masters.
The authority of Mr. McKeon, if it is to possess
any influence, evidently is adverse to the position
assumed by the gentleman himself. He deprecates
hasty legislation on a subject so complicated, and
is opposed to the interference of Congress in the
matter,   It would have been more just, had the.
