June, 1840.____________
2&TH Cong.......1st Sfss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
JResufafin^ Pilots—Mr. Hillen.
H. of Reps.
port of New York, by the way of Sandy Hook.-'
The 23d section reads thus:
«The earnings of the pilota belonging to any boat, shall !> 
«mail  divided among the pilots of said boa!; and no p:lot shall
rarticfuate. unlsss authorized by the com misionera, in the
m, nines of any others than th-se attached to the same boai; ?'id
tor breach ol this provision, any pilot or pilotó shall forlea.his or
toeir license ol licenses."
Is not the svstem or combination prohibited by
this section, and the penalty of forfeiture incurred
bv infringement of its provision! Does it not con-
tain all that is wished—all that is proposed. If the
combination is the evil which the act of Congress
was intended to correct, the evil no longer exists or
can exist; the law, therefore, is no longer needed.
Bat in the face of the section which I have just
read, and which completely annihilates the whole
system of criminated combination, the belief still
prevails that it yet flourishes in full vigor; and the mo-
ment vou attempt to utter a word in vindication of
the character or claims of the New York pilots,
you are answered by the assertion, that monopoly
and combination have rendered them inert, and that
the only method to force them into activity and
assiduity, is to open the door to competition. Is
the assertion true? The portion of the law I have
read demonstrates its falsity. The charge can be
urged only by ignorance or malignity. That mo-
nopolists thev were not, even under the law of
1819, more than members of other professions, I
have already proved. Indeed they were less so;
because, while enjoying no greater privileges, their
buisiness is local, their compensation was fixed by
law, and they were bound by heavy penalties for
the faithful performance of their duties. Neither
combination or monopoly should ever have been
urged in connection with their names.
The morning hour expired, and Mr. H. sus-
pended his remarks.
Mr. Hillen resumed his remarks. In the obser-
vations I addressed to the House on yesterday, I
showed that the law of 1837 was passedin haste,
and without due deliberation, in consequence of the
excitement produced by the loss of the two vessels,
the Bristol and the Mexico. I proved that public
indignation was unjustly roused against the pilots
who were by no means chargeable with those dis-
asters, and consequently the act of Congress hav-
ing been passed, with a view to destroy the combi-
nation, which was alleged to be the source of the
mischief, originated in'a mistaken idea of the facts,
and should never have been made. One other ar-
gument in its favor, I proved also to be futile. That
Taw is vindicated on the ground'that it annihilates a
monopoly alleged to have been enjoyed by the pi-
lots. That monopoly I evinced to be imaginary—
the abortive offspring of blinded prejudice.
But whatever monopoly biased fancy may sup-
pose to have been tolerated by the law of 1819,
«ertainly a mind the most diseased, cannot conceive
the faintesi shadow of one to exist under the New
York law of 1837. The former limited the num-
ber of pilots to the supposed requisitions of the port,
prescribing the term of service, and fixing the
compensation. The State law of 1837, not only
blots out every trace of privilege, but to my mind
opens the door so wide as to become oppressive to
the pilot who has gone through a hazardous appren-
ticeship of five years. By that law five commis-
sioners are appointed by the Governor of New
York, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, "for the licensing, regulation, and govern-
ment of pilots." These commissioners are directed
to administer the requisite oatüs to pilots, and are
empowered "to license all persons now licensed to
act as pilots by the way of Sandy Hook, including
those called deputy pilots, as they may deem compe-
tent after examination; and also, every other person
of full age and good moral character, making ap-
plication therefor." Every person of full age and
good moral character—mark carefully these words,
Mr. Speaker, and then let any one, who pretends to
know tVie meaning of the word monopoly, assert
that any is enjoyed by the New York pilots. If
any man with the two qualifications mentioned, may
at the discretion of the commissioners be allowed to
serve in the capacity of a pilot, where is the ex-
clusive privilege enjoyed by those who were
obliged to serve an apprenticeship of five years'!
Is not the new regulation, instead of conferring a
monopoly, oppressive on the old pilots'? Is not all
the monopoly, if I may so apply the term, enjoyed
by the new aspirants to the profession! What would
the New York lawyers, who are now clamorous
about monopoly, think, if some favorite of fortune,
gifted with talent, should be admitted, after brief pre-
iptórátion, to honors of the bar equal with those
they now enjoy, after years of prescribed prepara-
tory study! Would they not rebel against the
tyranny? Suppose at the same time, their fees
should be fixed, whilst those of the intruder were
unlimited, would they not denounce the oppression!
Let a small spark of justice illumine their selfish-
ness; and when they lift up their hands in holy
horror against monopoly, they must not plume
themselves with the belief that they are exempt from
crimination. While they labor for the conversion
of others, let them endeavor to reform themselves.
They enjoy exclusive privileges, while the pilots
enjoy none whatever.
But it is said that the objection made to the pilot
monopoly is urged on general principles, while
the utility of the law of Congress is vindicated on
account of its efficacy in destroying the system of
combination, which was chiefly conducive in pa-
ralyzing the energies of the pilots. I say in reply,
that the act of Congress did not contribute, in any
degree, to break up the combination. That reform
was effected solely and directly by the law of the
State, passed within a few weeks after the Con-
gress enactment. The twenty-third section of that
law I read yesterday, and it is, consequently, unne-
cessary to repeat it. That section specifically pro-
vides that the earnings of any one boat must be di-
vided solely among the pilots of said boat, and esta-
blishes the forfeiture of the license as the penalty
for infringing its provisions. The passage of this
law produced the correction of the mischief com-
plained of; nor was the law of Congress in any de-
gree instrumental in promoting this object. The
commissioners of pilots appointed by Governor
Seward, in an article published in the New York
Journal of Commerce of May 15th, 1840, explicitly
and publicly deny the existence of "any combina-
tion, either now, or for several years past," and at
he same time distinctly and positively assert that
whatever reform has been effected, "has been the
result solely of the State law of 1837."* Siill more
recently they have addressed a letter to me, in which
they reiterate their publicly expressed opinion.
This letter I will read at length, as an omission of
any part of it would be unjust:
'•Yours of the 21st inst. has just come to hand. We enclose
you the questions to which we replied in the Journal of Com-
merce. As to the combination we alluded to in that reply, we
would respectfully refer you to the twenty-third section of the
act passed by our Legislature in 1837; in addition to which, we
do most solemnly assure you that the competition existing
among the Isew York pilots is equally, if not more stre-
nuous, than that exiotmg between them and the New Jersey
pilOH.
'• We know this to be a decided fact from the report boots of
the last three years' standing, and 11 om every day o serration.
A more valuable, capable, deserving, and enterprising class of
pilots, the world does nt t produce. We would farther assure
you that they utmost daily board vessel,- at sea from 15 to 50,
80, 100,160, 200 miles distant (r„m the Hook; and, in some in-
stances, nearly up to tsantacket and St. George's Bank. It is
really heart-rending to see those invaders nf our State rights
board vessels alongside the dock and carry them to sea, to the
exclusion of our pilots, who have served a regular apprentice-
ship, and who have such an immense capital afloat. If they
have for once erred, surely they have redeemed that error by
then unexceptionable conduct, and a probation of nearly four
years, added to which, they have been sufficiently punished for
it, and have made ample atonement.
"The General Gov enimeni in*y, as well as the State Go-
vernment, be assured that they need be uni'er no apprehen-
sions of neglect of duty among them; for if such should be the
case, whilews have the honor of acting, they will be rigidly
punished to the veiy letter. We forward you a copy of the
Staie laws, which you will perceive are very severe. As a
farther proof of their being in a most determined manner op-
posed to each other—1 mean boat against boat for their indi-
vidual interest—we hive before us reports made by them,
against each other, lor infringements mado on each other's
rights, which of course we have to adjust."
The opinion of the commissioners I should deem
entitled to more respect than any evidence we can
obtain. They may be presumed to be best ac-
quainted with the operations of the law; to them all
infractions of it are reported, and hence all facts
connected with the conduct of .the pilots come to
their knowledge in a correct and tangible form;
nor must it be forgotten that they are sworn to at-
tend to the faithful execution of the law. Their
opinions are not based on rumor," but are the result
of deliberate investigation. And what do they say!
That there is no combination; and that there is
none, is owing to the State law alone. They pro-
nounce the pilots to be active and industrious, and
sedulously competing with those of their own
State. They do indeed say, "//the pilots of New
York have erred, they have made ample atone
ment." But the "if" is underscored, to indicate
that, in the opinion of the commissioners, the pilots
were wholly blameless. The if was only a conces-
sion for sake of argument. To show that the re-
presentations of the commissioners are entitled to
paramount respect, 1 shall read the postscript to j
their letter, which informs us of what class of men
the board is composed. It is constituted, as it
should be, of men who possess superior nautical
experience.    They say:
"This board is compDsed of men who have sailed from tbjs
port as long, if not longer, than most men who have made the
eea their profession, and we have found, from an experience of
from thirty 10 thirty-five years, that we were never at a loss for
a pilot, except when a great influx ol arrivals took place, and
the pilots were all engaged, which has some years past been the
case, and cai s'-d a small detention. Since that, the defect has
been remedied by an increase in the number of the pilots;
which increase has been such, and shortly will be greater, by
the expiration of the indentures of apprentices, that they will
scarcely be able to pay expenses. This board would, as a mat-
terol impaii'al jusncf, begof you either to cause a repeal of
the laws which do now allow the Jersey pilots to pilot in our
waters, or place them t-ndertbp same restrictions as thoee te
which our piloteare subjected "
These sworn officer; of the State, who are men of
experience, and placed in a position to ascertain
all the facts, and to judge of the opeiations of the
law, call upon us to decide on its repeal as unjust
and unnecessary. And yet we are told that all
New York is against the recision of the act of
Congress. If we may judge by the piles of memo-
rials presented here on every possible subject, and
the known facility with which they are obtained,
surely the judgment of the "commissioners of pi-
lots" is entitled to more respectful consideration
than a dozen such memorials.
They tell us that the act of Congress was wholly
inoperative in bringing about the reform said to
have been produced; that the whole merit is due
exclusively to the State law. That such must be
the fact, a slight examination will demonstrate.
The direct tendency of the act of Congress is ob-
viously to break up the conflicts of jealousy be-
tween the New York pilots, to draw more closely
together the bonds of their common interests, and
to give new vigor to the vilified combination. As
long as they were left to compete with one another,
individual enterprise would necessarily be active
and industrious. But as soon as you attack them
in a body, and bring a whole squadron of rivals
to contend against them en masse, the inevitabt 
consequence must be the oblivion of individual jea-
lousies, to promote the common interest. The
esprit d'eorps of the profession becomes paramount
to individual selfishness, for one reason at least in
this case, because individual interests were insepa-
rable from common aggrandisement. The combi-
nation there did not sink under the weight of the
act of Congress, but was crushed solely by the power
of the State law, which expressly prohibits combi-
nation between different boats under the penalty of
a forfeiture of license.
What, th"n, is the effect of the act of Congress?
Why, more immediately to bring the pilots of the
two contiguous States into unequal competition. I
say the competition is unequal, because the laws
of the two States are not equally severe in their re-
strictions. The pilots of New York are subjected
to many disadvantages and disabilities under which
the Jersey pilots do not labor. Under  he act «f
Congress, the injustice with respect to other States
may, at any moment, exist to a far greater extent
than in the ca^e of New York and New Jersey; and
may terminate not only in producing an angry con-
flict between two States, if one, zealous to promote
the interests of its own citizens, should remove «rl
restrictions, and its neighbor should emitíate its
zeal, but may ultimately prove seriously injurious
to the mercantile interests, by admitting, through
the force of sectional conflict, any one and every
one to act as pilot.
But should the law of Congress be repealed", -what
mischief would ensue! None whatever, even to
the New Jersey pilots. Justice only would be re-
stored to its proper course. The New Jersey >pilot
would not be prohibited from conducting -"vessels
into the harbor of New York; he would only,-as is
perfectly equitable, be subjected to the same restric-
tions as the New York pilot. The State fiwr of
New York, without requiring the candidates for
the profession of branch pilot to be citizens, or resi-
dents of the State, merely enacts that "they shall
be of full age, good moral character, and of ap-
proved competency." The result of the repeal
would not be to diminish the competition, butt 
destroy the unfairness of the competition. The
only effect of the act of Congress is the creation of
absolute injustice at present, and of probable, mis-
chief in future.    It  ought,   therefore,  to be re-
FBut it is said that the only complaints addressed
to us come from the pilots, and no other portion of
the community seems interested in thtrepeai of the
law.   This is one reason urgedwhy the memenal,
v
