Jane  1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
26th Cowo««««1st Skss.
Independent Treasury—Air. Burke.
H of Reps.
ble gentleman filling an exalted station, [Mr.
Davis, Senator from Massa musette,] that the
friends of this bill advocate :ts pasase, on the
ground that it will lend to reduce the prices of pro-
perty and the wages of la  or. And although
that honorable gentleman has cautiously refrained
from ascribing such an effect t > the bill himself, he
has charged its advocates t ith supporting it on
that ground; and he has ende tvored to alarm the
country, by charging opon th s friends of this wise
and patriotic measure, hostility to the great business
interests of the country, and particularly to the in-
terests of the working man. The speech of that
honorable gentleman has been circulated far and
wide, and has produced, and is destined to produce,
all the effect that its intrinsic truth and merits will
secare for it Reason ng a priori fr >m the intrinsic
mi hand merits of that speech,I have it to honora-
ble gentlemen here, and to the country, to esti-
mate how much reputation for honesty ot purpose
and integrity of motive, it will secure to its au-
thor.
Mr. Chairman, an honorable gentleman of this
body [Mr. Evans] has also spoken very patheti-
cally upon the great depreciation of prices, the fall
of real es'ate, of rents, and most emphatically, of
the wages of labor; which he alleges have all re-
Milted from the measures of this Administration.
The waitings of distress raised in this Capitol have
been caught up, with the unerring instinct of the
fonlcarnoa bird, snuffing hit food from afar, by a
corrupt and pensioned press, and re echoed through
the country with a z*al which would induce ?n
honstt man, unacquainr ri win the dishonest tricks
of party, to believe that it had some fact ini truth
for its basis. Tne pres?, and the orators of
that party, are not alone in this crusade of mi-re-
preseatat on against the Administration, and this
grand scheme of fraud and deception upon the peo-
ple. No, sir. The bankers, merchants, and ma-
nufacturers, scattered throughout the cities and vil-
lages of this great Republic, with their army of re-
taintrs and dependants, have caught up the watch-
word given out here, and the stagnation of busi-
ness, the fa'l of prices, and all the real distress
which does exist, are ascribed—falsely, and un-
justly ascribed, to the measures of the Govern-
ment, and even to this hill, which has not yet be-
come a law, and is not, in fact, in operation.
As I have before remarked my object is not
so much to advocate and defend this bill, or
to explain its particular provisions, as it is
to meet the unfounded charges which have been
preferred against the Administration and its mea-
sures; and more especially those growing out of the
fall of prices, the stagnation of business, and the
distress alleged to exist in the community. All
these results are assumed by gentlemen of the Op-
position to have grown out of "tampering with the
currency,"—and the currency question, sir, in the
form of this bill, is the great question now under
discussion. I, therefore, deem it to be perfectly
in order for me to discuss the matters I have al-
luded to; so far, at least, as they have a connection
with the bill now before the committee.
My main object, Mr. Chairman, in addressing the
committee on this occasion, is to demonstrate by
figures and facts, the problem of fluctuations
in tne prices of property and the wages of labor.
And on this subject I am aware that I have in some
particulars been an'icipated by my honorable friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Williams,] to whose
able and admirable speech no one listened with
more pleasure than myself. But to proceed: I wi 1
not deny, sir, because the fact is undeniable, that
within tne last six months, a considerab'e reduc-
tion has taken place in many of the agricultural
staples oí the country, and especially in the article
ofgrain; but not to fogrer.tan extent asisalleged
by gentlemen of the Opposi lion ,and the publ ic presses
in the interest of thai party. Sir, the prices of all
kind  of property are ever incident to change and
fluetaaiion. Tney are never permanent, and never
will be, as long as the Divine decree, that all
things human are mutable, remains unrepealed.
They are ever changing with every returning sea-
son, sometimes in a greater, sometimes in a less
amount. There are, sir, causes for those fluctua-
tions, but they arc not to be found exclusively in
the measures of the Government. Nay, Mr.
Chairman, the measures of Government operate
but partially to produce the changes which occur
in the nominal value of property, and the wages
of labor. I shall now proceed to show, by
plain and irresistible deductions from facts, what
are the great causes which operate to produce
changes in prices and wages.
Let it be remembered, sir, that the argument of
the opponents of this b.ll is, in substance, that
prices are high in paper money countries, and low
in countries in which specie is the circulating
medium, and the measure of value and basis of
exchange; that they oppose this measure because
it is an antagonist measure to the paper system,
which tends to keep prices and wages nomi-
nally high; and that the friends of ihe Adminis-
tration support it because it lends to establish a
permanent and stable currency, and, as an
incidental effect, to reduce prices and wages no-
minally. In other word*, sir, the opponents ol
this bill prefer and inflated floc'uating prices
which a paper currency, constantly expanding and
contracting, causes, to sound and permanent prices,
which a stable currency, subject to no expansion
and contraction, produces.
1 shall now, Mr. Chairman, proceed to show by
facts how much truth there is in this assumption;
for, sir, it no more than assumption.    I will no 
state the propositions which I shall endeavor to
maintain, and the facts and il u-trations I shall
i  adduce in theirsupport.   They are, sir,
;      1. That expansions and contrartons of the cur-
!  rency, and the rda'ive increase and decrease of
j  the demand and supply, are the principal*au.«es
,   of the  rise and  fall of prices and  the wages of
j  labor.    This, sir, is   tha main  proposition, which,
in order to be better und-Msto^d, I analjzs thm:
2.  That the expansion of the currency, all
other things remaining the same, nominally in-
creases the prices of property and the wages of
labor. This proposition is so self-evident as hardly
to require illustration. It is obvious to the most
common understanding, that, if the quantity of
any article of property remains the same, an in-
crease of the currency, which is the measure of its
value, would nominally increase the price.
On this point, I will suppose a cate. I will take
a community of fifty families, having a real estate,
ttock, grain, and other property, and a circulation
of $10.000. With that amount of money, they
get only $1 per bushel for their wheat, and the
prices of all their other property are "graduated
upon the same scale. Now, sir, if the quan-
tity of real estate, grain, &c. remain the same, and
there is no increase of demand, to double the
amount of circulation would increase the nominal
prices of property in the same proportion. Wheat,
which was woitb $1 per bushel with a circulation
of $10,000, would be worth $2 with a currency
of I'JOjOOO; the curency having been in fact di-
luted and depreciated one half by the expansion;
and in consequence of such depreciation, it takes
twice as much now to buy the bushel of wheat as
it did when the currency was at its minimum
amount I make use of this plain and homely il-
lustration, because, sir, it will be most easily un-
derstood.
3.  My third proposition is, that a diminution of
the supply, in proportion to the demand, the curren-
cy, or measure of value, and other things, remain-
ing the same, increases prices and wages. To il-
lustrate this proposition, it is only necessary to re-
verse the cace I have just supposed, and assume
the qaantity of wheat to be reduced one half, and
the amount of circulatiei to remain the ¿ame.
Thus these two causes, viz: an expansion of the
currency, and a diminution of the relative propor-
tion of the supply to the demand, produce precisely
the same result—an increase of prices.
It will now be admitted, becau-e it is self-
evident.
4.  That when bo;h of the above causes operate
together—for instance, when there is a great ex-
pansion oí the currency, and a great diminution of
the supply in proportion to the demand—prices will
be greatly enhanced.
The converse of this proposition must also be
admitted.
5.  My fifth proposition i«, that a contraction of
the currency, all oiher things remaining the same,
causes the pi ices of property and the wages of la-
bor to fall. This, also, may b° illustrated by the
ca«e 1 have befoie supposed. If ihc quantity of
wheat remains the same, a reduction of the cur-
rency from §10 000 to §3,000 would cause the prices
of wheal to (all nominally < n? hilf, and, n.s'ead of
being one dollar per bushel, it would he but fifty
cents.
6.  That an increase of the rela'ive proportion of
the supply over tlip d'mand, other things remain-
in? the same, nominally reduces prices and wages.
'J has in the cusí supposed, il the q'ianti-y of wheat
ant other p-optr y sh^uM b3 c'o íbled, the amount
of ihe currency le na'n'ng th  same, and ihe de-
mand ais i remaining the same, the nominal pries
of it \iouM decretse on; ha't, ai,d it would
bring but 50 cen's per bif-lrl. The supply over
the demand may increase to such an amount as
to render a'i article entirely w thiut value. To
suppose, Mr. Chairman, an extremí case; if the
supply over ihe demand by purchasers, and the
wants of the producers, should be so gieat as to
produce a surplus whrh cenld not be &old nor
consumed, that surplus would be en irely without
value. This case is never t-ue in p.int of fact, in
regard to the productions of labor, although it is
sometimes approximated to.
If a surplus of gra>n or other commodities over
the wants of the community, and the demand for
it in other communities, is produced, it can be
stored and kept until it iswaritel But it is not
so w-th labor i'stlf. That exists in human mus-
c'e«, and must be called forth constantly, or it is
Ion If laborers are thrrw.i out of emplovment,
ihs !ab' r •which th?y lose duiing the time they are
out of employment, ca'mot be stored, nor reserved
for future u e when it msy re wanted, but is lost
forever. Therefore a surplus of labor over the
wants of the community is a dead loss.
This principle, viz: an increase rf the stspply
over the demand, solves the prob'em in part, (the
contraction of the currency being a great and ef-
ficient cau-e,) ef the fall of prices of wheat and
other grains durin  the present ssason. Durinsr,
the years 1836, '37, and '38, the quantity of grain
(and flour more especially) produced, was not suf-
ficient for ths consumption of the coun'ry, as is
conclusively proved by the larg; quantities of
wheat impcr'ed from abroad. It was also mono-
polized by speculators, deriving their means from
the favor of the banks, who withheld it from
market, thus adding an artificial scarciy to the
real one, and increasing exorbitantly ihe prices of
that article. But during the years 1838 and '39,
the quantity of wheat produced has greatly exceed-
ed the wan's of the country, and there has been
left a large surp'us for exportation to foreign
countries. The effect of this, i-*, to stop the im-
portation of foreign grain, and projuce a fall of
prices. Tne intelligent farmer will ses in litis, the
solution of the causes which have reduced the
prices of his grain, without conjuring up the ghost
of the Sub-Treasury bill, which, like the shades
of great men, seen by the "pious J3aeas" in V]¡a-
to's daik realms, has not yet come upon earth;
or charging it to other measures of ih? Administra-
tion. But, before I conclude, sir, I shall enlarge
now upon this po:nt.
My next proposition is,
7.  Tnat the la^t two mentioned causes operating
together, viz: a contraction of the currency, andan
increase of the relative.proper ion of tfce supply
over the demand, produce a very gre*t diminution
of prices. The truth of this will be manifest J>jr
the considerations already stated.
The causes which affect prices, causlagthem to
rise and fall, are often modified aud, '¿bun'eracted
by each other.   Thus,         ,
8.  The effects of an expansion of the currency,
which increases prices, will beneutializetf, more or
less, by an increase of the .supply in proportion to
the demand, whica reduces them.   And
9.   The effects of a diminution of the supply over
the demand, which increases prices, will be neu-
tralized, more oriess, by a contraction of the cur-
rency, which reduces them.
