June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
575
26th Cono."• 1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Burke.
H. of Reps.
wish to pay a debt in London of $100 in American
gold, we mast add $9 07 to it to make it equal in
real vatne to f100 in the currency of London.
Tne operation is this: A in New York, owes $100
to B in London. C in New York has money, or
what is the same thing, credit, in the hands of D in
London. A has the money to pay his debt, but
i'oes not like to send it across the Atlantic. He
therefore goes to C, and gets him to pay his debt,
and gives him $109 07 to pay B 100 in London. C
draws his bill of exchange 8n D in favor of A, who
endorses it to B, aiid he calls upon D, gets the mo-
ney, and the debt is paid, without the transfer of a
single cent across the Atlantic. These are princi-
ples app'icable to foreign exchanges.
I am supposing the currency at both points to
reinan sound. If, from any cause, by a suspen-
sion of specie payments by the banks, lor instance,
the currency of New York becomes derangeJ, the
rates of exchange will become ako deranged, and
will rise, nominally, or, in other words, the de-
rangement of the cuneescy, or alteration of its re-
lative value, between two countries or places, de-
ranges the exchanges between those places. And,
on this point, I will refer to facts. 1 take, sir, the
rates of exchange in New York during the late
suspension of sp«cie payments, which are to be
found in Mr. Woodbury's able document, showing
the value of paper money, and the rales of ex-
change in the markets of New York and Philadel-
phia, published by oider of the Senate m 1838, to
lllDSTate my argument. In June, 1837, exchange
on England, instead of being 9 per cent, its legiti-
mate premium, suddenly ro^e to 20 per cent in the
markets of Philadelphia and New York. Now,
sir, what was the cause of this great rise in tbe ex-
changes? It was this—paper money had depreci-
ated in vafue^ by ceasing to be convertible into
specie. Specie, at that time, is quoted at 10 to 13
percent premium, oi, in other words, the paper of
the banks of New York, which was assumed in
the prices current as the par standard of value,
had depreciated 13 per cent, below specie, the real
standard. And it therefore took §113 of the paper
of New York to bay $100 in specie, or $122 of the
paper of New York to buy f 100 of ^specie in Lon-
don. It will be seen, that, if specie had remained
the standard of value by which the rates were gia-
doa'ed in the prices current, the difference in ex-
change, as before and since tbe suspension, would
hive ranged from 7 to 10 per cent, affected only
by the balance of trade, or the demand in propor-
tion to the supply. The suspension of specie pay-
ments by the banks, therefore, caused all the de-
rangements which existed in the exchanges.
Bat the effects of the suspension were more ob-
vious and striking in the domestic exchanges of the
country, which are governed by the same princi-
ples.   It appears by the document before referred
to, that, at one period during the suspension, the
rate of exchange between New York and Boston
was 3 per cent. New York and Philadelphia about
the same; New York and New Orleans about 12
per cent; New York and Mississippi 30 per cent.
&c.    The document further shows, that the diffe-
rence of exchange between  New York and  the
places named was just the amount of the deprecia-
tion in the New York market of  the bank paper
issued at those places; in other words, it took $103
of ihe paper of tbe Boston banks to buy ¡$100 of
the paper of the New York banks, that being the
par standard of value then, and not specie, which
was worth 10 to 13 per cent, more than New York
paper, and therefore it would have taken $113 of
Boston paper to buy flOO in gold in New York.
At the same time it took $103 of Philadelphia pa-
per to pay $100 in New York, $112 of New Or-
leans paper, and $130 of Mississippi paper.   Ta
purchase $100 in specie in New York, it would
take $113 of Philadelphia paper, $122 of {few Or-
leans paper, and $140 of Mississippi paper.   These
facts show  that  tbe increase of   tbe  rates  of
exchange   kept  pace  in  a   reverse   ratio with
the depreciation   of paper  money.     And  that
depreciation was caused bv the suspension of specie
payments by the banks.  When the banks resumed,
«seban^es improiieíL   ¡During the su r  mer of 1$38,
exchanges were lower than the/ bad ever been be-
fore, and at one 'tit¡Mj¡¡gf jgega in fyvot offiew
Orleans and against New York, the balance of
both being against the latter city. (See Sylvester's
Reporter of ihat year.) Wherever the banks re-
sumed, the exchanges fell to their legitimate stan-
dard. Wherever they did not resume, they re-
mained high—at rates corresponding with the de-
preciation of bank paper. Since the recent suspen-
sion, they have again become deranged, and are
now high a?ainst those portions of the country
in which the banks have suspended, in just the pto-
portion of the depreciation of the pa(,er in the
market of New York. Thus, by the following
table, it appears that, on the 26'h of May, exchanges
are quoted in the papers of New York at the fol-
lowing rate1!, viz:
Philadelphia         -          -          ■          -   5J a —
Baltimore             -          -          -         •   5Í a —
Richmond            -          ■         -          -   64 «t   6f
Charleston            •          ■          -          -   5   a   5J
Savannah             -          -          -          -   8   a   9
Augusta               -          -         -          - 12   a 13
Macon'                -          -         -         - 13   a —
Mobile,                 -          -          -          - 10J a 11
New Orleans        -          -          -          -   7   a  8
Nashville             -          -          -          - 14   a —
At the same date notes on the banks in Philadel-
phia, and other cities named, are quoted at the
same per cent, discount as the premium On ex-
change.
I have now, Mr. Chairman, demonstrated the
problem of fluctuations in the exchanges, or shown
the causes which derange them, elevating them very
much at one time, and depressing them at another.
They are, first, an increase of the demand in pro-
portion to the supply, which is slight; snd, second,
a depreciation of the currency, which, in this coun-
try, is produced by the banks, and which is always
tie mam cause of derangement. The corollary
tnerelore, of the argument, is, that the banks,
instead of regulating the exchanges, disturb and
derange them.
If, Mr. Chairman, we had a pure metallic cur-
rency, or a currency mix«>d of paper and specie,
but sound, and of the same value throughout the
Union, and if exchanges weie not monopolized by
the banks, but leit 10 be controlled by the inevita-
ble laws of trade, exchange would act as a regu-
lator of commerce. To illustrate: If New York
should bay too much of New Orleans, exchange
would be against New York. It would rise in rate
in proportion as tlie debt, or balance of trade
against New Yotk, and in favor cf New Orleans,
accumulated. The effect would be, that, in time,
the rates of exchange would be so high, as to check
the trade of New York with New Orleans, pro-
due ng a retrogradaron, unt.l an fquil.biium was
restored, by an adjustment of the balance, and pay-
ment of the debt. Left to its natural laws, ex-
change operates as a check against overtrading,
precisely as the accumulation of specie under the
operation of the Independent Treasury system, will
check overtrading. The business of exchange,
therefore, should never be in the hands of a Na-
tional Bank, nor of a company of associated banks,
which, by establishing fixed rates, would prevent it
from rising and falling, according to the actual state
of trade between two commercial points.
I have one more topic, Mr. Chairman, to touch
upon, and I will close my remarks.
I have heard gentlemen of Ihe Opposition on this
floor talk much about the great distress which per-
vades the community. Tne presses of that party
harp upon the same dolerous key note given oat
here. Sir, I have looked about for some evidence,
some proof, of the great distress which is said to
prevail, and I have looked m vain. Where are the
proofs? Where, does it exist? Sir, there- is
nothing in this cry of distress, which Ihe Op-
position party have raised. The community is not so
much distressed as gentleman affect to believe;
not, at least, to the extent represented. If there is
distress it is factitious, manufactured by panic-
makers for political effect. The hue and cry has
been raised on this floor, sir, and it Í3 reiterated
through a corrupt and venal press. The banks
and oth*r moneyed interests lend their aid to pro-
pagate the falsehood, and to create, if they can,
what their own partisans say, actually exists!
The Federal party, in whose hands   are   the
banks, who ewn and control the manufacturing
' corporations, and to whom belongs ihe mercantile
casual, sad other concentrated moneyed interests
of the country, have it in their power to create dis-
tress whenever they choose. One of the great lead-
ers of that party [Mr. Webster] long ago pre-
dicted, th.it the business of the country would ne-
ver be in a settled state until a National Bank was
rechartered; which, of course, must be preceded by
the installation ot that party in power. The Fede-
ral party have in their hands, through the joint mo-
meyed interests unaer their conlrol, the means of
deranging business, producing d'itress, and thus
verifying the prediction of tl.eir great champion.
This, sir, is the modas operandi by which that party
accomplishes its object. The banks refuse their
accommodations, and thus deprive those in-
debted, although they may have ample property,
of the means of paying their debts, i his is one
cause of panic and distress. They then contract
their circulation, and tuUb deprive the community,
generally, of the medium by the aid of which busi-
ness is transacted and trade facilitated. This is an-
otaer cause of panic. Then the orators and news-
paper scribblers of that party raise ihe hue and cry
of distress, when none, or but little, exists, and thus
alarm the community and destroy that confidence
so essential to commercial prosperity. This, sir, is
another cau~e of panic. The manufacturing cor-
porations chime in and help to swell the geneial
choius, by reducing the wages cf their operatives
and turning them out of emp'o}ment. The mer-
chants lend their powerful aid, by distressing aud
oppressing the mechanics and laborers m their em-
ployment and paironage. Thus is another note
added to the burd n of the song of panic and dis-
tress. It is palpable, ¡hsrefore, that the Federalists
themselves, by the agency of the machinery within
their control, produce the very effect which they
predict; and then, sir, with brazen and unblushing
effrontery they turn round and charge the conse-
quences of their own ruthless and wicked crusade
against the interests, the comfort, the peace, and
the happiness of the community, to the measures of
the Administration !
But, Mr. Chairman, with all this po\verful ma-
chinery, wh ch has been worked with redoubled
energy during the present session, the Federal
party have not succeeded in producing a panic
equal to their expectations, and the means they
have employed. I say again, that this distress,
which is said so generally to prevail, dots not, in
fact, exist. So far as facts can be obtained, they
prove that the business done ¡n the country during
the first quarter of the present year, is nearly, if not
quite, equal to the business transactions of the
country during the corresponding quarter of the
last year. On this point, sir, I am not without
facts. I have taken pains to procure statements of
the amounts of imports and exports, and the arriv-
als and clearances at the ports ot New York,
Philadelphia, Boston, and Baltimore, and state-
ments of the inspection of flour at the ports of Bal-
timore and Philadelphia, for the first quarter of the
years 1839 and '40.   They exhibit these results:
. TABLE showing the comparative amount of exports and im-
•   ports, and foreign arrivals and clearances in the porta of Bos-
ton, New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, for the quarter
ending March 31, 1839, and 'the corresponding quarter of
1840.
Exports.                           Imports.
,------------1----------•----------------------<                     ,----------------------.----------------------.
1839
Boston,     ' $1 627,531
New York,   6,603,796
Philad-lphia,   996,370
Baltimore,     1,169,458
1840.
«1,515,000
6,345.000
1,038 823
1,159,769
1839              1840.
«6 386,005      83,294,827
28,110,818      17,050,000
3,736,756        1725,000
l,776,t>10        1,674,889
Total,    «10,397,155    810,038,592   $40,C09,989    823,744,716
Foreign arrivals.              Foreign clearances.
Vessels.
Vessels.
Vessels.
Vessels
1839.
1840
1839.
1840.
Boston,          183
170
187
185
New York,   365
354
318
303
Philadelphia,  67
60
61
83
Baltimore,       89
86
102
96
704                676                668                fi72
Not .—The collector of the port of Boston, in his statement,
correctly remarks, that "the lateness ef tb« season, in conse-
quence of a very severe winter, diminished the number of arri-
vals in the first quarter."
I'have been unable, Mr. Chairman, to procure
returns of the commerce of oiher large port  of ihe
Union; bat, judging from those I have obtained, it
is very safe to<:onclude that returns from the great
export cities of New Orleans, Savannah, and
Charleston, would ««bibit very similar resolta,
