aré
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
2&th Cono......1st Sess.
Pre-emption Rights—Mr. Hubbard.
H. of Reps.
TABLE showing the comparative inspections of flour and meal
Jo Philadelphia, during the first quarter ol láJS, 1839, and
1*40.         1839.          183a
Wheat flour,   bbl .                 1(3338       S8.796       27,515
Bye        do       do                    13.332         6 641         7.Ü00
Corn mea!.      i!o                        9 MS          3,2(X>          7,Cll
Do.           hlida.                      1.0 !t>              967           1.613
[Hazard's Statistical Register, rol. 2, p. 272.
TABLC showing the inspection ol 11 hir and mea! in Baltimore,
lor "the tiii! quarter of 18 9 and IS-40.
Wheat flour,
Do
Bye flour.
Corn meal
Do
Do
bote.
half do
do
hh.Is.
bula.
half do
1S10.
1839.
251,458
133,029
7,821
5,224
sweo
1,911
3,577
169
3,850
530
S3

Note—During the quarter ending December, 31, 1812, there
«ere ¿27.331 barreta, and 14,196 hall barrels of wheat Hour in-
spected in the market ol Balumoi e, the largest amount ever in-
spected during any quarter previous to 18411.
[ Hazard's Statistical Register, p. 245.
■To tose (able?, Mr. Chairman, 1 add the weekly
report of the Brighton market, the great cattle
mart of New England, dated Jane 1, 1840, with
the remark that the pi ices are as high now as they
have ever bee), with scarce an exception:
BRIGHTON MARKET, Monday,June I, 1340]
(Reported tor the [Whigl Daily Advertiser and Patriot.
Prices—Beef Cattle. We quote a few extra at «7 25; first
quality, *6 73 a «7; second quality, «6 25 a «6 75; third quali-
ty, to 75 a $6 ¿5.
Working Oxen—A few sales—«75, SO, S2, 110, and H7J.
Cows and Calves—Sales at «21, «25, «28, «32, and «40.
Sheep—Lots were sold at «3 75, St, and «4 12.
Swine—Dull. Lou to peddle wore sold at £!}a «4J for
Bows,and S5| a «5£ for Barrows.   At retail, from 5 to " j.
These sta'ements show that the exports at the
ports of B>s:cn, New York, Philadelphia, and Bal-
timore, vary but very little from those of the cor-
responding quarter of last year. The same lemaik
is true in relatii n to the foreign arrivals and
clearances. The business done in the flour trade
is vastly greater than ever before. If the articles
of export were as high in price in oor markets this
year as last, they would have mach exceed-d the
exports of last year in amount. It is not to be
denied that there ha< becen a falling off in ihe im-
ports, but that should be regarded as a favorable
omen, indicating the returning tide of prosperity
in the fact that we are beginning to sell more than
we bny, and are now liquidating the heavy debt
held in Europe against us.
Now, sir, nobody pretends that there was any
distress last year. On the contrary, every thing
was prosperous and flourishing. The Whgs
themselves will not deny this. ■ It appears that sj
far, dnring the present year, we have done nearly
the same amount of business, and yet t is said the
country is greatly distressed. Now, sir, I a-sk again,
where are the evidences  f distiess, except in the
hypocritical and affected lamentations of Wh'g
panic makers? Do we hear of great and nu-
merous failures? In 1819, half of the community
failed. Great failures happened all over the coun-
try dnring the panic of 1828. In the great com-
mercial shock of 1837,200 or 310 merchants failed
in New York, half as many in Boston; and large
numbers in all the other cities of the Union. Now,
sir, we hear ,of no failures, because none take
place. Where, then, I repeat, is the disress which
is said to-exist?    Where its evidence;?
The trnth is, Mr. Chairman, our country was
never richer in all the elemenls of real wealth and
prosperity than at t lis moment. And w^ie it not
for the conspiracy of the banks, and other concen-
trated moneyed interests, with the Federal party,
to overthrow this Administration, our country at
this moment wtuld present to the world one ot the
proudest spectae'es of prosper.ty, and ol the tii-
umph of free iastiutions, that has em yet been
witnessed.
It is tree, sir, that the prices of wool, ol floar,
and cotton, three of the great staples of this coun-
try, have fallen. The causes I have already
assigned. But I would call the attention of the
people, and particularly of the producers of those
staples, to the table of prices current which I have
before exhibited. By that table it appears that all
the products of the farmer and planter, have at
different periods of our history, been subject to
great fluctuations. During: the war, and to 1820,
prices were very high. From 1817 to 1836, we
had a National Bank. Yet that institution did not
sustain the prices of property from 1820 to 1833,
(he date of the second great expansion of the cur-
rency, which ended in the explosion of the banks.
During that period of tim'?, dat.ng at 1820 and end-
ing at 1833, prices were generally lower than they
have ever been. Yet, sir, that period embraces the
Federal Whig era of jrcod times.
In 1817, before the United States Bank went into
operation, beef was as high as $15 25 per bane';
pork $18 50; buter 22 rents per pound; cheese 18
cents; flour $14 50 per barrel; corn $1 60 per bush-
el; rye $1 25, &c ; cotton 34 cents per pound;
wool as high as 60 cents. Prices have never been
higher in this country.
In 1828, during the undisputed reign of the United
States Bank, the Whig era of good times, but of
real distress and depression, beef was as low as
$11 per bbl. pork $8 per bbl. butter fourteen cents
per pound; cheese six cents per pound; flour $5 75
per bbl. (in 1827, $5 50,Jcorn sixty-five cenis per
bushel; rye sixty-five cent3 per bushel; cotton ten
cents per pound; wool twenty-five cents per pound.
Never were prices lower generally than at this
time. We then had a National Bank, a high tariff,
and a splendid system of internal improvements
had been projected; yet never were the farming and
planting interests so much depressed; and in fact all
other in terest>-, for it was a time of general distress
and suffering.
In 1833, sir, when the banks commenced their
second great expansion, prices began to rise, the
causes of which I have assigned. In these facts,
the farmer and planter will see that it is not the
measures of the Government to which these great
fluctuations are to be attributed. The expansions
and contractions of the currency, which the billon
your table proposes to remedy, are the main
causes. We have had the expansion and high
prices, and now we have the contraction, but not
very low prices, except in the articles of fl mr
and cotton, in which there has been a great
overproduction; and in woo!, which the manu-
facturers, for political effect, will not buy now, but
will be obliged to purchase soon, for, t-ir, they will
not long permit their vast capital to remain unem-
ployed.
The farmers and planters will also see by the
tables of prices current, that the prices of sugar,
tea, coffee, salt, and all other articles of foreign
growth, consumed in their families, have perma-
nently fallen. In this respect, they are permanent
gainers by the fall of prices. They have fallen
much mare in proportion than the staples of their
own production.
I am, now, Mr. Cha'rman, through with my ex-
position of tne Ciu-ts which produce fluctuations
in the prices of properly, and the wages of labor,
and the derangement of the exchanges of the
country. I will now submit in conclusion, a few
remaiks ia relation to the great issue involved -
in the present contett between the two parties.
It matters not, sir, whether General Harrison is
a great general, or whether he is in fact a hero.
Those qualifications are very good in their places.
Nor is it of the least importance whether or not
he lives in a log cabin and drinks hard cider.
Neither of them demonstrates h s fitness for the
exalted office of Chief Magistrate of this great
Repablic. Besides, sir, neither is true in point of
fact; but is a falsehood attempted to be palmed off
upon the American people. The farmers and
mechanics of this country are not to be convinced
by parading throog'i  the streets of our splendid
cities, the miserable caricatures of log cabins__
the humble abodf-s of the poor, but honest and
intelligent settlers of ihe far West, with all the cir-
cumstance and pageantry of hard cider, gourd
shells, and coon skins. No, sir, such dis-
plays are downr ght insults to that humble but
meritorious class of our countrymen, who inhabit
the real log cabin* of ihe country. Th*y are an
insult to every intelligent American citizm, who is
sought to be convinced of his supposed errors of
opinion, by such grovelling mummeries and mounte-
bank exhibitions. Sir, the workingrnen of this
country have not only intelligence, but they have
pride—the pride of conscious integrity and manly
independence. And believe me, the insane dis-
plays of modem Whigery will arouse in their
bosoms a storm of indignation which will ere
long burst forth and over «helm, in its fury, the
silly projectors of such dumb shows, invented to de- I
ceive and delude them. Think you, Mr. Chair-
man, that the yeomanry and workingrnen of this
Republic are to be duped and wheedled out of
th;ir righ's by a system of jugglery and fooliiy
too di-'gu«ting for men pretending to decency and
propriety of conduct to be engaged in? Believe it
not, sir. That base insult to the intelligence of
the American people will be avenged, and the
authors and participators in those grovelling and
contempt.ble displays will be covered with shame
and disgrace in the crowning victory of this great
contest. When they awake trom their dream of
delusion and infatuation, they will blush at the
remembrance of their folly, and hide their heads in
confusion. The history of this infatuated period
will prate harshly upon their ears some dozen
years hence. But, sir, I will not dwell upon the
utter baseness of such schemes to delude and dupe
an intelligent people. I call that people to the con-
templation of the great issue before them, involv-
ing, as I believe, the very existence of Republican
government, and their own dearest rights and liber-
ties.   That issue is, an indxpendent Treasury
AND POPULAR LIBERTY; OR A NATIONAL BANK AND A
MONEYED DESPOTISM.
In Europe, sir, capital, whether it be in money
or in lands, is leagued with political power against
the people. Here the people are united with the
Government, instituted and upheld by themselves
against capital. The great contest in which we are
engaged is a struggle on the part of the combined
and allied moneyed interests of thecountry to reverse
the present order of things, and establish the su-
premacy of wealth over popular institutions and
popular liberty. This, sir, it the issue. The ap-
peal is to the people. I await their verdict without
fear of the result.
REMi
IRKS OF MR. HUBBARD,
\             OF ALABAMA,
In the House of Rátrtstntalxvts, May 24, 1840—On
the bill granting pre-empion rights to settlers on
the publip lands.
Mr. HUBBAÍID said:
Mr. Speake/iG Having obtained the floor to speak
upon this btlL/it becomes my duty, as a member of
the Commiisee on the Public Lands, to explain its
principles.
It is intended to aid the frontier settlers who
have gone upon the public lands, cleared ihem up,
and put thera into cultivat on—to enable them to
secure homes for their families, and to get the
benefit of the labor they have done upon the land.
The object of the bill is a good and just one, and
will be supported by the House, if not prejudiced
by the objections raised against it, on the part of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Lincoln J
and the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. White,]
who have occupied the whole of this day in making
objections, which I trust I shall remove from the
minds of every member not opposed to granting
pre-emptions to first settlers. Nothing can quiet
the oppos.tion of the gentleflYeh who are opposed.
I shall begin with the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, (who has occupied the Hons,e some four
or five hours,) and when I shall have disposed of
such of his remarks as have any appearance of
force, I shall turn to the gentleman from Kentucky,
and upon meeting his objections, shall call the pre-
vious question, wiih ihe view of having the vote
to-nighi; and I now notify the House that I will
not yie'd the floor to a motion for adjournment,
the House having; already been too long engaged
in th« consideration of the question before it.
The gentleman from Massachusetts objects to the
first section of the bill, which he supposes "contains
a new principle." This section only provides, that
whenever a man has built his house upon one
quarter section, and made his field upon another,
he shall have the right to take either, whichsoever
he may choose, or he may take eighty acres to in-
clude his house, and eighty acres to include his
field, so as not to exceed one quarter section
in all.
The section appears to meso just and reasonable
in itself, that I do not know how to offer argument
in its support. It is intended for this purpose, sir,
where a man has done most labor upon his house,
