Mtf  184ft.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
srr
86th CowO"«l8T Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. AtheHon.
H. of Reps.
be can take it; when he has done most on bis field,
he can enter that; and when, by taking legal sub-
divisions, he can save both, and get the benefit of
ait his labor, why not let him have it?   It is no
new prise pie; it is only applying an old princi-
ple to meet cases not provided for in other bills ;
bat if it were a new principle, it is a just and good
one, and such that no one who did not oppose the
pre-emption principle, or who did not desire to get
part of the man's labor, could object to.   I know
that it is pre'eoded here, by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that this would enable the settler to
take the best halves of each quarter section, and
thereby render the other part unsaleable.   If the
land be takes is valuable, he would soon desire the
othtr for timber and room, and if worth any thing,
would be compelled te purchase, to keep others
away.  But how does this alter the case, from the
way thiajss bow stand?   Suppose, sir, that the land
had never been settled, or no pre-emption had been
giren; could not any other buyer buy it up in the
same way, by bidding off the half quarter sections,
that were good, and leaving out the bad, just as the
bill allows the settler to take it by pre-emption?
The whole objection is shown to be groundless,
to the most common understanding.
. I now tura to the second section, and his objec-
tions to that. The second section is intended to
provide for the man who actually cleared the land
or built the hoose, and who put another man into
possession of the land or house. It will provide for
cases like this. A man goes with his family and
makes an improvement on a piece of public land;
his wife may die; he takes bis children, if he has
any, to her or his relations or friends, as the case
may be; be will not, nay, he cannot, live alone in
the woods. He therefore rents out his place to
seme one who wants a place. Now, ought he to
lose his labor, or will yon give the pre-emption to
me man who did not undergo the hardship of the
first settlement, or who did not clear it np and im-
prove it?
The bill gives it to the man who went into the
wilderness, found the place, and cleared it up; to
the actual owner of the place and labor upon it,
and not to the person to whom he has rented; and
it is right. And, sir, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts would have bad much stronger reason to
object, if it had been otherwise, and I should have
sustained his objection.
I will now proceed to the third section of the
bill. This provides that where a man settled upon
the public lands before they were surveyed, «ad his
improvement, upon the surveying of the country,
was found to be upon section sixteen; then he may
t*ke another quarter section not occupied by ano-
ther person, in the same land district, at the Go-
vernment price. Now, in this case, the township
gets the benefit of his labor, and he could not be
placed on a footing with his neighbors without
such provision. It i* nothing bat just and right;
anil no one who will vote for any part of the bill
ought to object to this section.
I now follow the gentleman through the fourth
section of the bill, which gives a preemption to
any one who cleared up and settled a tract of pub-
lic land, which was taken from him afterwards by
a grant from Congress to a State, for any purpose
Whatever, and the objection stands in precisely the
same situation, on principle, with the objection to
the sixteenth section case, which, I trust, I have
disposed of to the full and entire satisfaction of the
Hou«e, and to the gentleman himself, if he was
disposed to favor these claims of the settlers on
public lands.
The fifth and last section has been opposed by
the gentleman for two reasons. The first, that by
reviving the bill of 1838. "those settlers who did
not take pro-emotions under that act, will get still
two years' longer credit to take their pre-emptions."
Secondly. "That it enables men to have pre emo-
tions on lands subject to sale at private entry,"
which the gentleman thinks is not right, and that
it will keep back patents for lands in this situation.
The first objection is strange to me from get emen
♦ho can give to banks two or three years'credit for
miflions,of public money, which, by reason of the
ebinge in times, the banks allege they were nna-
ble to pay. They can vote away hundreds of thou-
sands to the importing merchants, for reputed
losses by fire. They can credit them for years upon
bonds due, for what they owe the Government; but
a poor needy settler upon the public lands, who
has worked hard to clear it up, who has lived hard
whilst about it, and who, for the same reasons,
(the hardneis of the times,) needs a little time to
enter his home—they cannot afford to credit him.
They can indulge others for thousands or millions,
but grudge to let a frontier man have even a little
time te secure his labor, and a home for his family;
and that, too, when they hold the land itself, to-
gether with the labor done upon it, for secuiity.
Is this the treatment these men have a right to
expect from this Honse? No, sir; I cannot believe
it—I know better.
The second objection is   too   small  a   mat-
ter  for much   consideration,   but   is   as   easily
answered  as   the   others.    There  are but  few
cases where lands have been offered, and would
not sell at public sale, where any man would settle
upon them, without first having purchased; because
his   improving   the   land, (if worth any thing)
would make the place an object for others to buy,
and he would therefore be liable to lose his labor,
and be moved off at trouble and expense.   There-
fore no man can be supposed to be upon lands sub-
ject to sale at private entry, at the passage of the
act, who was able to buy, unless the place has been
so poor, that his labor and land together are not
worth the minimum price.   A  few cases, then, oí
very poor men, on very poor land, may have pre-
emption rights extended to them by this section of
the bill, but the number must, for the reasons
given, be very few,  and the land too poor to
make   either    an   object    of   much   considera-
tion with this Congress, and the few tilles which
may be delayed, on this account, cannot work any
injury to an   upright roan.   If a buyer, in fraud
ef the law, was to go to the office, and enter one of
these improvements to get the man's labor, and
would falsely state that no person was upon it, and
the occupant should afterwards be able to raise
I the money, and pay up for his improvement, and
vacate the title, the fellow would deserve to lose it.
'      One more objections made by the gentleman from
ftlassachosetts,and I shall quit him,being fully sa' isfi-
ed that I have disposed of his objections.  He objects
to this bill, because "it will let every occupant now
upon the land have a pre-emption, whilst the for-
mer bill of 18SS required four months' previous
settlement and occupancy."   Now the gentleman
from Massachusetts, according to this argument,
would have no objection to a pre-emption, where
a man had settled and cultivated the land some
two, three, or four years, and had received some
benefit from it; but, a poor fellow who has gone
upon it late this spring, and who plants, and can-
not more than half break up and cultivate the land,
and who has no possibility of making more than
half a crop, without getting any thing like half
pay for his labor, must be rooted out, and driven
off.   This is his argument; and it is answered in
making a mere statement of its contents.
I now, sir, turn to the objections raided by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Whit*;] and so
far as they are of the same kind with those raised
by his lriend from Massachusetts, they are
already, as I conceive, fully answered.
His objections, growing oat of political conside-
rations, I shall not take time to answer; what ha
has said against Mr. Van Bnren I shall pass over,
with confidence that it will not seriously effect
him.
But he gives it as his opinion, that, if the present
bill pass, it will take millions from the Treasury,
and has endeavored to support his opinion by re-
ferring to a report of the late Commissioner of the
Public Lands [Mr. Brown] who supposed that the
pre-emption laws of 1830 "took frean the Treasury
thiee millions of dollars."
Now it sj happens, that the book containing that
report, conain* a few facts, which/upon examina-
tion, will completely overturn this position.
The book shows that the sales of all the lands in
1B29, 1830, 1831, and 1839, did not go but a
fraction over two millions of acres a year, and that
the average price was neatly one dollar twenty-
seven cents per acre.
Tne same book shows, that in 1835 and 1836,
when, according to ihe gentleman's own t>tatemeni,
no pre-emption laws were in existence, the sal?s
amounted, together, to 32,639,343 acres which
sold for $41,107,637, being about one dollar and
twenty-six cents and one ten h of a cent per acre—
not one cent's difference in the average price per
acre, between the sales when the pre-empt on laws
were in force, and afterwards when no. in force.
It also happens, ibat, during ¡n* time that
Mr. Commissioner Brown thought that so much
had been lust to the Government by pre-emption
laws, money was scarce, and wiles were small,
as is showD; but in 1835 and 1836, paper money
was abundant, speculations ranhgh, and every
body was bu> ing lands ihat could get to the nales,
and furty millions' worth were sold, which sales did
not exceed one dollar and twenty-six cents per
acre; and this too, when, according to the gentle-
mans own showing, no pre-emption laws were in
force.
Now if, when paper money was plenty, and
every thing high, when sales took place to the ex-
tent of forty millions'worth, and no pre-emption,
laws were in existence, the lands did not bring one
and a half cents per acre above Government pnce,.
what ground has the gentleman from Kentucky, or
had the Commissioner, to conclude that, in the sale
of about three or four millions' worth, when money
was scarce, the Government lost three millions
of dollars on the small part that went to satisfy the
pre-emption claims of that day? The idea is ab-
surd, it was impossible, and could only have
been entertained by prejudices created in the mind
of that officer by persons dissatisfied with the exe-
cution of the pre-emption laws, from some particu-
lar cases, and who had no correct knowledge of
the system, as the report shows was the case with
Mr. Brown; and, sir, like every other objection to
the bill, this alio has been found to be only imagi-
nary.
What I have said, Mr. Speaker, is doing but
small justice to these frontier people of the new
States, who settle upon the public lands, and clear
them up. They make roads to the country; they
feed, lodge, and protect the wearied traveller.
More than that, sir: when your country is invaded,
they protect you; and now, when their improve-
ments are selling out, will you not protect them? I
think, sir, you will. I have (as I think) answered
fully the objections of each of the gentlemen to ibis
bill. A  a number of the Commhtee on the .Pub 
he Lands, and so frequently called upon and re-
ferred to by them, I could not have said less.    '
One more word in explanation and reply, and I
have done. Those frontier men are generally poor
and. needy, or, at best, men of but small property.
When we speak of them, we mast, if we speak
truth, say "they are poor." And Í regret, sir, a
remark made by the gentleman from Kentucky,
about those "who frequently harp about poor set-
tlers, as demagogues and pqUticalhypocrnes." I
have only to say in reply to that jbemark, that if
the gentleman had been at the Baltimore «Dóagen 
Hon, and bad seen the log pens called "cabins*
hauled through the streets, he would not again
speak of demagogues or political hypocrites.
[Here Mr. H. wa¿ called to order by the Chair
as not speaking to the bill.]      ,
Mr. Hbbsakd resumed. I have sir, said more
than I intended when I commenced, but the foil
and critical examination pi every section and sen-
tence of the bill during the whole of this day,
warns me that it is time to end this discussion, of
which the House is already tired- t shall, there-
fore, as I promised, end it, by a call of the previous-
question.
The previous question was called, and the bill
passed by a vote ot 126 to 64.        (
SPEECH OF MR. ATHERTON,
OF NEW HAMPShtRE,
fn the Howt of Represtixiadves, May 27/fc, 1840—In
Committee of the Whole on the stare ot fte
Union, on the bill to provide for the collection,
safekeeping, transfer, and disbursement of the
public revenue.
