08*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
26th !^ON3" 1st
Independent Treasury—Mr. Atherton.
H. of Reps.
not usually so much dreaded by the Opposition—a
bank__lurking in the covert of its provisions, the
gentleman has undertaken to point out the sections
which give reason for this alarm. And I ask the
indulgence of the committee, if I speak with some
degree of particularity on this topic, that they may
see, and the people may see the nature of the at-
tempts which are made to inculcate the impression
that this is a bank in disguise.
The tenth section is first specified, which autho-
rizes the Secretary of the Treasury to transfer mo-
neys from the hands of one depositary to another,
as the safety of the public moneys and the conve-
nience of the public may require, "tibe there
safely kept according to the provisions of this
act." Is there any thing novel or alarming in
this? Djcs not every one know that this power of
necessity oelongs to the Secretary? I shall here-
after show that it has always been exercised; and
pass on to the sixteenth section, which the gentleman
says is still more remarkable. The section is as
follows:
"And be it further enacted, That all marshals, district at-
torneys, and others, having public money to pay to the United
States, and alt patentees wishing to make payment for patents
to be issued, may pay all such moneys to the Treasurerof the
United States, at the Treasury, to the Treasurer of either of the
mints,\n Philadelphia or New Orleans, to either o ""the receivers
general of the public money, or to such other depositary con-
stituted by this act as shall he designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in other parts of the United States to receive such
payments, and give receipts or certificates of deposite there-
for."
These  certificates of  deposite   the   gentleman
contends    may    go     into    calculation.      Now
Jet us examine this matter.   By the eleventh sec-
tion of the bill, all moneys in the care of deposi-
taries are considered and held "as deposited to the
credit of the Treasurer." A person having "public
money to pay to the United States" may pay it to
one of the depositaries alluded  to in the section
above recited, and take the officer's receipt or certi-
ficate of deposite therefor.   The individual owes
the United States; he pays the money; he takes a
receipt, which is his discharge from the debt; and
which is also a certificate of deposite.   Deposite
lor whose benefit?   Not for the individuals paying
the money; for he owed the money, and has paid
the debt.   But to the credit of the Treasurer.   If
gentlemen were to  undertake to travel on a cur-
rency composed of these receipts or certificates of
deposite to the credit of the Treasurer, I  imagine
they would soon reach their Journey's end.   Sup-
pose I owed a tradesman on the avenue, and were
to pay his bill, and take his receipt, I might, ac-
cording to this doctrine, pass his receipt as currency !
Equally unfounded in reason is the objection to
the 21st section, which provides that no eichange
of funds shall be made by any disbursing  offi-
cers, or other agt-nts of the Government, other
than an exchange for gold or silver—that it ap-
plies only   to   Government officers.     To whom
should it apply?   If an individual  to whom the
Government   is  indebted has received funds   of
the Government in payment of his clai n, those
funds become his own, and he has a right to use
them as he pleases.   The section contains most
important provisions for the security of the pub-
lic, by taking away from Government agents the
power of exchanging Government funds for those
of inferior value, and imposing the latter on Go-
vernment creditors, and thus speculating on their
loss.
But reference is also made to the 23d section,
which is in the following words:
"That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to is-
sue and publish regulations to enforce the speedy presentation of
all Government drafts for payment at the place where payable,
and to prescribe the time according to the different distances of the
depositaries from the «eat of 6overnment,within which all drafts
upon them respectively, shall be presented for payment; and
in default of such presentation, to direct any other mode and
place of payment which he may deem proper; but, in all those
regulations and directions, it shall be the duty of the Secretary
"otthe Treasury to guard, as far as may be, against those drafts
being used pr thrown into circulation as a paper currency or
medTum of exchange."
The genuemaa says that this section consists of
"words and words only," and that you cannot, by
any power of Government, prevent drafts being
used as xsarrency. If the section is composed of
"words and words only," it can do no harm; but I
apprehend it will be found to contain some ideas
also. It is a section of limitation. It contains a limi-
tation on the lavs and practice as now existin^and, as
they always have existed. Why so much alarm now
on account of Treasury drafts? All gent'emen
who have received payment of claims on theTiea
sury for their on tittien's, know that a Treasury
draft is no novelty. Such drafts have always been
used, and by necessity always must be; and it
makes no d ¿Terence whether they are drawn on
banks or individual deposi'aries. If these consti-
tute a Treasury bank, such a bank is now in ex-
istence, and has existed ever since the foundation of
the Government. If they are to constitute a circu-
lation of twenty, twenty-five, or thirty millions of
dollars, why has not such a circulation heretofore
been, why is it not now, in existence? The fact
that such a circulation has not prevailed, scatters
at once to the winds all these fine-spun theories.
The amount of Treasury drafts outstanding at any
one time is usually quite inconsiderable. On the
19th of, May last, it was only $762,956 02, and
three-founhs of that amount had probably been is-
sued within a week previous.
In a report of Mr. Baldwin, chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, made to the House
of Representatives, May 22, 1794, the following
passages may be found:
"The dunes of the several officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment, with regard to the collecting, receiving, keeping, and dis-
bursing public moneys, and regulating and keeping the accounts
thereof, are as follows.
"The Secretary of the Treasury superintends the collection
and receipt and the disbursement of public moneys In conse-
quence of this, all authorities for transferring them from one
public agent to another, or for the final disbursement of them,
originate with him. He directs the drawing of moneys into the
Treasury, and regulates the time, manner, and circumstances,
subject to the sanctions prescribed by law; and judges exclu-
sively of the other officers of the Department, when, and what
disbursements are to be made—subject, nevenheless, to the
cheek of the Comptroller, who, in countersigning warrants, is
jointly responsible with him for their being conformable to ap-
propriations bv law, and to the further check and settlement of
the accounts of all persons to whom he may have caused ad-
vances of public money, by the Auditor and Comptroller All
warrants for the payment of money into the Treasury, or for the
payment of money out of the Treasury, are first signed by
him. It is also his duty to decide on the forms of keeping all
public accounts
"The Treasurer keeps and disburses the moneysof the United
States. All his receipts, as well as his disbursements, are sanc-
tioned bv warrants of the description already given. Asir i
dent to these dunes, he draws, under the direction of the Secre-
tary, all bills which are drawn for public moneys arising
from sources foreign or domestic, which bills, as already men-
tioned, art always registered, or entered and countersigned, by
the Register, or in the case of domestic bills, by his confidential
Clerk, in his stead."                                                           _<
And yet gentlemen talk about transfers of the
public funds and Treasury drafts, as if these thinas
were now for ihe first time heard of! It would
have been safer for gentlemen of the Opposition to
have continued to deal in peneral charges, than to
have undertaken to specify the particular provi-
sions which constitute this measure a bank. I
trust a sufficient illus'ration has been given of the
natore of the efforts which have been made to con-
vince the people that this is a bank, and should un-
dervalue their intelligence, did I believe ihat such
efforts could meet with any success.
I will dismiss this part of the subject by re-
marking, that the Secretary of Ihe Treasury can,
by his regulations, prevent Treasury drafis from
being used as a currency more effectually than any
general law, for he can alter those regulations as
exigencies may arise, and such regulations, the
bill, in express terms, makes it his duty to pre-
scribe and enforce.
Next, sir, suffer me briefly to reply to some of
the objections to the currency feature of this mea-
sure. The gentleman asks "if specie is to be the
universal currency," and objects to a specie cur-
rency that it is dependant on foreign countries, and
identified with all the vibrations of business in
Europe.
It is n')t the fact that we are entirely dependant
for specie on Europe. The precious metals are,
to a considerable extent, produced in some parts of
our country. But lay that fac entirely aside, is the
argument legitimate? Shall the use of tea and coffee
be discontinued because we do not produce those
articles? It is a well settled fact, that, by the laws
of trade, specie will always flow in where there is
a demand for it. But does the gentleman contend
for an entire paper currency—a paper cutíescy
which is to be a substitute for the precious metals,
and not for a paper currency founded on the metals,
and a representative of them?   He will not say he
does. Then, sir, his argument operates with three-
fold force against himself. Suppose the banks to
issue only three dollars of paper to one dollar of the
precious metais in their vault*; though it is well
known they is-.ue paper in much larger proportion.
It the fluctuations in foreign countries draw abroad
one million of specie, three millions are taken from
the circulation. Thus, on such a circulation, the
vibrations in foreign countries must operate with
triple force.
The question is put whether we «ill throw away
that credit whirh increases in proportion as insti-
tutions are free? If, by credit, is meant a bound,
healthy, and safe credit, that credit which alone is
congenial to free institutions, no one is more favo-
rable towards it than I am. But if the gentleman
means the modern credit and banking system which
has already involved so many in ruin, and had so
injurious an effect, not only on the public prospe-
rity, but on the public morals, I conceive it to be
founded, not on just "confidence," but on credulity.
It is nothing more nor less than John Law's scheme
revived. Confidence and credit were never car-
ried to so great an extent as under that scheme in
France, and it was under tne rule of that profligate
tyrant, the Regent Duke of Orleans. No one will,
I believe, contend, that, then, France was distin-
guished for her "free institutions."
It has been stated that the appellation of this
measure is appropriate, because it constitutes a
Treasury "independent" of the people. I had sup-
posed this appellation referred to making the Trea-
sury independent of banks, and as I do not agree
that they are the people, think it apppropriate in
that sense. The gentleman aho urges the oft re-
peated argument that it famishes for the Govern-
ment a "superior currency, of specie and Govern-
ment paper, and to the people an inferior curren-
cy." Yes, sir, these were his very woids. If my
recollection serves me, on one or two occasions ihe
gentleman has contended that a Government paper
currency was the worst of all currencies, and liken-
ed it to the old continental money. But let that
pass. I defy the ingenuity of man to show that the
currency received and paid out by the Government
of the people is not to that extent also the currency
of the people. If then specie be, as the gentleman
admits, a "superior currency," why shall the peo-
ple not enjoy it? If bank paper be an "inferior
currr ncy," shall the peop e have it forced on them
for the benefit of banks and backers? The gentle-
man has introduced the reso utions passed by the
Legislature of his Slate on the subject of the mea-
sure b' fore us. I ask permission to read from the
Morning Post, which, as the gentleman has alie
read an extract from that paper, I presume he will
consider good authority, a sketch of some proceed-
ings which took place in the Legislature of Mas-
sachuset s when those resolutions were before
them. And I would respectfully inquire of the
gentleman whether he may not have been impru-
dent in making admission which his friends in the
Legislature most carefn ly avoided. The third re-
solve of the Legislature is as follows:
"Resolved, That the Sub-Treasury bill, by giving to the
Government and its officers a different currency from that
provided for ihe people, and by increasing the poner and pa-
tronage of the Executive, is hostile to the genius, and may be
destructive to I he permanence, of our Republican institutions."
"Mr Rantoul rose te propose an amendment, by striking out
the word 'different,' in the second line of the third resolve, and
subsiitutmg therefoi the word better.
"He said he supposed the friends of the order intended to put
forih something strong and pungent against the Sub-Treasury
bill, and as the words 'different currency' did not intimate
whether a better or worse currency had been promised, be
presumed that his amendment, rendering that poiut definite,
would be acceptable.
"Mi Gray of Boston was perfectly satisfied with the severity
of the resolves in their present state.
'The quesuon was then taken, and the amendment nega
tived.
"Mr. Rantoul then proposed to amend the said resolve, by
striking out said word 'different' and inserting instead the word
worse.
"K member in front of the Speaker said he felt strongly in-
clined to move the previous quesuon.
"Mr. Rantoul said he should not express any surprise at
such a motion, but would remind the House that for the last
ten weeks the Sub-Treasury bill had been assailed daily, with-
out one single word having been uttered in its iavor.
"The que^ion was then taken on substituting the word
worse for 'different,' and the amendment was negatived.
"Mr Rantoul now moved to amend, by striking out the
whole of the first resolve, and inserting a new one, made up of
passages extracted from two speeches made by Daniel Wtlr
tier in Qmgrm in 1616,
