May, 184o.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th CowO"..1st Skss.
Indepetalent Treasury—Mr. Alherton.
58S
H. of Reps.
uRew cd, Th- t t>ia framers ofthf Cons'iiutmn wore hard
messruKs They had felt, and therefore duly appreciated
the evils ai a paper medium. They, therefore, win ously
guarJed the t irraucy ol the Un<ted States Irom debasement.
Tka legalrwrtncjt of the I ntted Slates is gold and sitrer
coi  rtua n the law of the land at home, and the law ot the
world abroad, thai ihta lioverament has a right, in all cased, to
protect its own rev e-iues. and to guard them against defalcation
by bad or «t-predated paoer, that the onlv power winch the
General Government possesses ot restraining the issues of the
State banks, is to reluse their notes in receipt ot the Treasury;
thai bank paper not being a part of the legal money of the
country, it cannot, bv law, be received in the payment of du-
ties taxes, or other debts, to Government, thai, as to the opi-
nion advancedb) ¿orne, that -he revenues cannot be collected
otherwise than * * " m the pap"r of any and every bind-
ing association which chooses to issue paper, it cannot for a
moment be admitted This would be at once giving up the Go-
vernment; í r what i* Government wuhojt revenue, and what
is a revenue that is ;a>hered together in the viirviii?, fluctúa ing,
discredited, depreciated, • •"■ * promi&ory notes, of two or
three hundred distinct, and, as to Government, irresponsible
banking companion rF rT CANNOT COLLECT. ITS RE
VENlils IN A. BETTER MANNER TH\N THIS, it must
caaes to be a Government; 'hat it is quite clear that by the
statute all duties and taxes are required to be paid in the legal
money of the United States, or in Treasury notes; that it Con-
gress were to pass forty statutes on the subject, they could not
make the law more imperative than H now is, that nothing
should be received in payment of duties to the Government but
specie. The whole strength of the Government, we are of
opinion, should be put forth to compel the payment of duties
and Utxea to the'Government in the LEGAL CURRENCY OF
THE COUNTRY."
The gentleman from Massachusets assserts,
"that it is a fallacy that a specie currency is pro-
vided for in the Constitution," and that the word
"currency," is not u«ed in the Constitution. I am
happy that the advocates of the United States
Bank have discovered at length that the word cur-
rency is not in that instrument; for I well recol-
lect hearing a long argument from a distinguished
Opposition orator of my own S ate, in favor of the
constitutionality of that institution, founded on the
power which he said was given in. the Constimtion
to regulate the currency. No one can read the
debates in the Madison papers wtthout agreeing
with Mr. Webster, in the sentiment expressed by
him in^&lS, that the lramers of the Constitution
were "Aard money men," acd that they "had felt,
and therefore duly appreciated the evils of a paper
medium." The Constitution confers on the Govern-
ment ihe power "to coin money, and regulate the
value thereof, and of foreign coin." It prohibits
the States from making any th ng but gold and sil-
ver a legal lender, and from pissing any law im-
pairing the obligation of contracts This is suffi-
cient to show, that so far as the Government is
concerned, at least, "the legal currency of the
United States is gold and stiver coin " The first
>aw on ihe subject, after the organ;zation of the
Government, under the pre.ent Constitution, which
was passed m 1789, preserioes that ihe 'duties and
fees to be colleced, by virtue of this act, shall be
collected in go'd and silver coin only;" aod even
the re-olu'ion ef 1816, which contains the first le
gal provision, author zing the recsption of notes
of specie paying State banks recognises gold and
silver as "the It-gal currency of the Unred S'a'es."
Can it be true, as the gentleman asserts, that the
"Constimtion leaves it to somebody eKe to provide
currency" for the Govern-nem? What somebody
elsel The Cons üut'on does not point out the per-
sons or corporations by whom it shall be pro ided.
If, then, according <o the Constttut on, the curren-
cy is to dp provided by others, Government is
bound to take that currency, no matter what it is,
aod our revenue may be pa d in bills of the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad, and the Pa aps o Canal
Company, which the gen'leman held up here in de-
rision.
Another objection us urged that, according to the
language of a resolution adopted by the House last
year, we have no right to do that indirec.ly which
we cannot do directly, and that this being a bill
for collecting and keeping the public revenue, we
propo-e to affect the currency, which is a subject
we have no businesswih. I replv that there is no
indirection here The object of the bill is, as it
purports to be, to provide for the collection, safo
keepicg, transfer, and disbursement ot the pubjic
revenue. So far as r ta e* to its effects on the cur-
rency, those effect , however de-irable they may be,
areenthely incidental. The bill refrains to set on
currency at all, except so far as to provide that the
revenue shall eventually be collected in gold and
úlv«r coin, which a!one by the Constitution is a hj-
gal tender, and of which alone, bj the Constitution,,
we have any right to r*guíate the value. Suppose
the oil! provided for ths receptibiluy oi the paper
of cer ain banks, as the gentleman and his friends
desite This would clearly be more liable to the
reproach of "acting on currency," becf.U'eit wou'd
gne io the  paper of those banks an additional cir-
culation and an additional value.
The gentleman says the pet bank scheme ex-
ploded, and lett 'he ground covered with patients
bruised, and with bioken arms and mangled liinba,
and the President, who ought to have been their
phyMCi*n, left ihem to their fate, and would not
prescribe even a single plaister, and that he i*, there-
fore, for calling in Dr. Harrison. I fear, from the
sentiments of his friends, this renowned sage would
have nothing else but plasters to prescribe as a re-
medy, and those of the wor^t sort, namely, shin-
plasters; and that, like the celebrated Dr. Sangrado,
who, when his patients were dying of his prescrip-
tions of bleeding and warm water, told them to
double the dose—for a disease caused by overbank-
t ing, he would prescribe—a Bank.
Allusion ha*, been made to the suspension of the
banks in 183D, extending over ihe South and West,
and including Pennsylvania, and the gentleman
triumphantly remaiks that, it was not Pennsylva-
nia, with her Van Buren Governor, that weathered
the storm, but New York and Massachusetts. The
boldness manifested in treading upon this ground
is, to say the least, a subject of admiration. The
suspension has taken place in that portion of the
country most immediately under the influence of
the United S a'es Bank of Pennsylvania, the great
regu'ator. Who that was here at the extra ses-
sion, does not remember the glowing eulogiums
passed upon that Bank on its solvency—its fidelity
—nay, its patriotism? Apparently the Opposition
would then have eagerly s^.zed any opportunity to
have madetna' instttu'ion again the fiscal agent of
the Government. What is now its condition?
Hopelessly bankrupt! The term which has baen
boaningly applied to it of "great regulator," has
become one of bitter saicasmj
"The desolator desolate,
The victor overthrown.
The arbiter of othet's fate
A suppliant for its own."
This condiuon is not owing to the refusal of a
recharter by the United States Government, for the
president of  the Bank has   announced that the
Bank was stronger under the State charter than
before.    And yet the Democratic party have been
denounced again and again   for not rechartenng
that institution!   They have been denounced, un-
til a recent date, for not employing it as a fiscal
agent!     Will any one now «ay that institution
should have been «chartered, or is now worthy to
be employed a* the fiscal agent of the Government?
No, sir.   If, then, gentlemen have been so much
mistaken in their struggles for this Bank, I ask
ihem how they know they  are not quite as much
so m their arguments in favor of chartering ano-
ther?
But the gentleman says, some are for reforming,
some for destroying the banks, and asserts that h>s
sympathies are with the former. He acknowledges
i' that he is "for infusing a larger quantity of specie
j¡ into circulation. Then, I ask, whence his objec-
I tion to tnis bib? Tp infuse a larger quantity of
specie into circulation will be Us acknowledged ef-
fect. Unless the Opposition are for an entire pa-
per currency, what posible objection can they
have to the measure, so far as regard  its effect on
the currency, for that effect can only b* to increase,
in a limited ex'ent, the quantity of specie in circu-
lation. Let them come out frankly, if such he the
fact, and acknowledge that they are for an entire
-aper currency—a currency not the representative
of com, but the substitute for it. It is generally ac-
knowledged that coin will not circulate to any
great amount in company with paper of equal de-
nom.n^Hon,
Mr. Burke is reported to have sent word to Pitt,
that if tie issued one pound notes, he would never
see another guinea. Mr. Huskinson, in 1826, gave
it as "his opinion—an opinion not hastily formed,
but the result of long and anxious observation—
that a permanent state of cash payments  and a
irculation of one and two pound notes, could not
oexi^,"  „
We have been accused of broaching newfangled
doc rines and trampling on the fathers of the Re-
pub lc. I a*k leave to read an extract from a let-
ter of Mr. JetTer-on, written, I think, in 1813:
"At the time we were funding our national debt we beard
much about a pu jlicdpbt being a public blessing, that the stock
fepre3enting|n was a creation of active capital for the aliment of
commerce, manufactuies, and agriculture. The paradox wa 
well adapted to the minds of the believers in dreams and the
gulls of that sizf entered bona fide into it. But the ait and mys-
tery of banks i-, a wonderful improvement on that It is esta-
blished on the principle that private debts called bank notes,
become active capital and aliment to the whole commerce, ma-
nufactures, and agriculture of the United States.
Permit n e also tu read part of a letter frem
George Washington, the father of his country, to
Thomas St< ne, dated February 16, 1787:
"I do not scruple to declare that if I had a voice in your Legis-
lature, it would have been given decidedly against a paper emis-
sion upon the general pnncipleeofits utility as a representan ve,
and the necessity of it as a medium
"To assign reasons fot this opinion would be as unnecessary
as tedious. Thu ground has been so often trod, thata place
hardly íemains untouched. In a word, the necessity arising
from a want of specie is represented as greater than it really u
I contend it is by the substance, not with the shadow of a thing,
we are to be benefited The wisdom of man, m my humble-
opinion, cannot at ihis time 'devise a plan hy which the credit
«¡"papermoney would be long supported; consequently depre-
ciation keeps pace with thj quantity of the emission, and article 
for w Inch it is exchanged i lse in a greater ratio than the sterling
value of the money Wherein then is the farmer, the planter,
the artisan benefited? The debtor may be, because, as I have
observed, he gives the shadow in lieu of the substance; and m
proportion to his gain, the creditor or the body politic suffers.
Whether it be a legal tender or not, it will, as has been observed
very truly, leave no alternative. It must be that or noihinff.
An evil equally gteat is, the door it immediately opens for epe-
culatien, by which the least designing, and perhaps most varia-
ble part of the community, are preyed upon by the more know-
ing and crafty speculator  "
None can forget how frequent and loud have
been the charges made heretofore against the
Democratic party of being agrarians—of attacking
property and the rights of property, and the inte-
rests of the wealthy part of the community. Re-
cently another part is played, and gentlemen of the
Opposition are suddenly seized with an unwonted
regard for "the poor laborer." But it is a little in-
consistent to play both these parts at once. One
objection brought against this bill by the gentleman
from Massachusetts is, that it is "alarming to capi-
talists;" another, that it will operate injuriously by
"confining trade to capitalists." He a?serts its
effect will he, by reducing the price of production,
to benefit the manufacturing capitalist and the
planter, at ihe expense of the laborer. Sir, it is
one of the chief recommendations of the measure,
to my mind, that its effect will be to increase the
value of the wages of labor. What does it avail
the laborer for you to give him five dollars, or even
five hundred dollars, in nominal amount, for bis
day's work, if the whole will not buy him a single
breakfast! Of all other persons, the laborer is the
one ffion injured by the violent and sudden fluctua-
tions incident to the present paper system. In
these fluctuations, labor is the last thing to rise, and
the first to fall. The laborer is frequently suddenly
thrown out of employment. He ts also, from not
knowing the state of these banning institutions,which
varies daily, more than all others likely to be de-
frauded by depreciated paper. The sharper and
speculator are constantly on the look out, and see the
storm coming from afar in season to escape, and it
bursts en the farmer and the laborer, who are
quietly, and without suspicion, i^wlni their
daily occupations. As these are somewhat impor-
tant considerations, I beg leave to refer to an
authority that will, I presume, be deemed conclu-
sive on the subjVct by gentlemen of ihe Opposition 
The extracts which I will read ais from the mes-
sage of Mr. John Davis, who is now a Senator,,
delivered to the Legislature of Massachusetts in,
1834. The sentiments theiein expressed were, no^
doubt, the result of his calm and impartial reflec-,
tiens; they came from him when he was bound by
his oath, and every obligation of honor and of
gratitude to recommend those measures which he
thought would be for the benefit of the people who
had made him their Chief Executive Magistrate,
and when, in their utterance, he «raid have had no
partisan purposes to answer, Mr. Davis, as Go-.
verrtor, saidr
"There is doubtless a difference of opinion as to Up  won*
which produce the great ya^teüons m-the money «w* t. At
one time the premium on capital fata  below the legal rate of
interest; at another, money can «carcely be oaíTon any teraw
There can, howerers be Bule do«W that the small quantity of
ai>ec*e in arcolauo    on  of the causes tending to produc 
¿tee* diaWttoii  fluctuations,   It a panic should Kite the pun.
*
