584
Af PENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, lé40.
S6f* Coi *.«"l8T Sbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr Atherton.
H. ot Reps.
Ue, if diaB «at should overshadow our banks but for a day, all
peymeets ib specie would cease, for the fundi on hand do not
anT-um u> or>c terallth ol lite billa in circulation and those de-
pones the? are hound to pay on <'t ma«il This dic¡>roportlon
between . >ecie aud paper cannot be materially increased If
tha «iuaotuy 01 -p ce is d.minisried, the paper circuUUou tnual
be curtail*! If it w increased, the paper may el  be in-
Tha    paper,   theretore,   fluctuates ai  its  basil
daanm."
•■ftedi
i disastrous Buctnationa which we experience (ha add*
■B 1831) are to some rxtent in be imputed to the fluctuations in
specie, (meaning in amount, not in value) and the smaller the
aa*oual of specie In the counuy, the more likely they are to
occur. The moat obviooe remedy, therefore, asa mat the recur-
rence of this calamity, and Jib moat certain method of earing
Uw acure industry of the country from the devouring vortex
of thM almost periodical disaster, which comes of curtailing
discounts, is to increase, by some judicious regulations, the
quanu.y of specie in circulation to such an ex ent that these
occsasissl drains shall not curjul the circo atiug medium so as
to produce such consequence . If die circulation of «mail bills
had uerer been permitted, but their places had been supplied
v it>i specie, the quantity now in circulation would be large,
and would greatly strengthen the confidence of the public and
the ability of the banks, as it would flow in to su pply the place
of that drained ofT, and the  supersede, to a great extent, the
occasion for these forced curtailments of discounts which al-
ways prose injunous to the public The Sutes which bare
adopted this course, are heat supplied with specie, and if the
whole country could be pre railed on to suppress small bills,
great relief would be realised Irani h."
" Experience baa long «nee proved that a metallic currency
la least liable to fluctuaaona, and therefore beat adapted to the
purpose for which it is desicned; and it is to be hoped the ear-
liest opportunity will be seized to return to it, so Mr, at least,
as 10 rectify the preseut credit system of papci currency, and
prevent its pernicious fluctuations."
" Fluctuations visit all who have property, and all who work
to acquire it, with injury, and compel them to submit to severe
sacrifices. Whul i  called a oeareity of money, ontg meant
that the Aunts do not discount. Upon a premura thus occa-
sioned, we hare seen good estates dwindle, until their posses
sore were left bankrupt. We nave seen laboren thrown out of
employ, or their wages gneüy reduced; and business either sus-
pended or dragging those engaged in it towards nun. We
have seen, aleo, great anxiety and dismay pervade the whole
public."
'■Believing that under our present [credill system we may
be again witnesses of these scenes of suffering, I cannot relin
qsjttü the nope that your wisdom will devise some way of
girwg greater stability lathe local currency."
Here we have the doctrine laid down that the
small quantity of specie lacirculationtends to produce
these disastrous fluctuations—an increase of the
quantity of specie in circulation recommended, and
the suppression of small bills pointed out as a
measure of relief—and the fluctuations of the pa-
per syrtem are referred lo as the cause of laborers
being thrown eat of employ, and their wages greatly
reduced.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has asserted
that the manufacturers if the North do not de-
site to stand  apart from  the laboréis,  and if
they believed they  were  to gain  by this mea-
sore   they   would  "disdain   to   receive   a boon
at   the   expense  of the   laborer."   Quite  high-
minded,   truly!     I ask,  sir,  if  this  is  conso-
nant with what we know of the operations of self-
interest, and the history of human nature]  I know
that, to a certain extent, the interest of me laborer
and the capitalist may be theoretically identical.   It
is for the interest of the laborer that the capitalist
should realize sufficient profit to enable him to pay
large wages.   But practically their interest is not
the same.   It is the interest of the capitalist to re-
duce wages as low as possible, because the lower
the wages, the greater are his profits. Yon say you
cannot trust individual agents, seketed for their in-
tegrity of character, with the safekeeping of the
people's money, for fear they will steal itj and do
you tell me that it is safe to trust the interest of the
laborer to their employers alone, because the latter
would "diadam" to receive a boon at tbe expense
of th- former?   The President and the Administra-
tion wish to crush the laborer! What possible mo-
tivecan they have for such an attempt, which
could only operate to their own injury and dis-
grace?   1 repeat, sir, that it is for the interest of tbe
capitalist to reduce the wages of labor in propor-
tion to other things, because thereby his profits are
increased.   Can, then, tbe interest of the laborer
be safely left to these great capitalists and large
manufacturarte corporations?   Sir, it  is   nothing
more nor less than the doctrine, "let Government
take care of the rich and the rich will take care of
the poor."   No sooner was tbe speech of Mr. Da-
vis of thi« session delivered, than it was hailed by
these friends of the "poor laborer" as a signal for
commencing the manifestations of their regard.
These corporations began to reduce the wages of
their operatives; but I have never learned that they
have cut down the princely salaries which their
agents and other ofiVers enjoy—salaries, sonv* of
tt-.em, in my own State, double in amount to those
of 'he Governor or Judges of the Superior Coon?
Have these capitalists evt shown any partícula r mo-
desty in refusing to accept special pnviit'gfs, or any
"disdain" of benefits in which others could not equal-
ly participate? Have they not always been ready to
besiege the halls of legislation, both State and Na-
tional, in order to procure the passage of laws to
subserve their own interest? I ask ibis committee,
then—and I a*k the people of this country—vt he-
ther, if the manufacturing capitalists really be-
lieved the effect of this bill would be to reduce the
wagesof labor below their proportion to otherthings,
they would take the trouble to be so c'amorous, as
most of ihem are.in opposition to it? This regard for
he poor laborer is somewhat similar to that which
prompted such expressions of indignation from
many of the Opposition presses against the President
for his recent order that the laborers employed
by the United States should only be obliged to
work ten hours a day—a regulation so highly con-
ducive to the comfort and benefit of the laboring
man, and which enables htm to devote a portion of
time to his family and to mental improvement.
Time will not permit meto dwell longer on these
topics, as the lateness of the hour warns me to
hasten as quickly as possible to a conclusion. I
have already referred to the fact, that the public
money is, and always has been, collected by our
own officers. If they can be trusted to collect it,
why may they not also be trusted to keep it for a
short time? It must be greed for gain, and the self-
ish and monopolizing spirit incident to moneyed
instituían?, that urge the banks to come in and ask,
nay, demand the use of the money of the people.
Thus are they prompted to wage a war on the Go-
vernment of the people. It is a remark of Burke,
in his speech on economical reform, "that the cold
commendation of a public advantage never was,
and never will be, a match for the quick s-ensibilny
of a private loss;" and that "when a considerable
number of persons have an interest in railing, they
will be apt to bring some degree of nnpopulaiity
upon any measure " In no other manner can we
account for the desperate opposition which has
been carried on against this bill. To a well regu-
lated bank the use of the funds of the Government
is not desirable, because the amount must be sub-
ject to continual and sudden variations. When
these funds, on which discounts have been mat'e,
are suddenly withdrawn to meet the exigencies of
the Government, the loans of the bank are con-
tracted, the institution is embarrassed, and the com-
munity distie¡>s~d. What right have banks to the
use of the moneys of the people for purposes of
private gain? Suppose there were no banking cor-
porations, and that this branch of business was con-
ducted by private bankers. Would you give to
these individua? , or to any of them, the liberty of
using the people's money to trade on it? Would
not tins clearly be considered a special and illegal
privilege? There is another consideration which is
of grave importance. If banks and bankers are
to have the public money to increase their own
profits, their interest certainly will cause them to
desire those deposites to be as large as possible.
Let any reflecting man answer tbe question whether
it is the part of wisd >m to make it the interest of a
numerous and powerful portion of the community,
that the ppople should be taxed to the greatest pos-
sible extent? Is it the part of a true representative
of the people, to advocate a system which makes it
the direct interest of so powerful a class, for the
sake of enhancing their own profits, to increase
the expenditures of the Government, and the bur-
dens on the people?   I think not.
To use tbe words of Mr. Webster, "what is a
Government without revenue?" It is necessary
for the Government of the prople to have the con-
trol of the revenue for legal purposes. The mo-
ment that control fails, the people suffer. Shall all
this power be exercised by irresponsible corpora-
tions? It is an acknowledged fact that, on account
of thiir exemption, and that of their members,
from individual responsibility, corp~ra ions will
frequently be guilty of that of which every indivi-
dual composing tnem would be ashamed in his
private capacity.   Is their interest always that of
the people? Experience has too plainly shown the
reverse. Are banking corporations actuated by
conscience and hoaor, or even by an ennobling
amb.tion, or are they moved bv the spirit of pecu-
niary gam alone? Would ycu self ct a corporation
to exercise any other important truat in Govern-
ment? How degrading is the idea that coipora-
tions can be trusted, but man cannot.
I will now ask the attention of the committee for
a few moments to the nature ot tbe objections
which have been urged here and elsewhere against
this measure. Those objections are utterly incon-
sistent with each other, and suicidal. And they
are, in many instances, objections drawn from ef-
fects, which even the objectors themselves acknow-
ledge the bill will not produce. When the op-
ponents ef a measure are driven to resort to such
shifts, an inference may fairly be deduced that rea 
sons, with them, are not "as plenty as black-
berries " The gentleman from Massachusetts
assumes that the bill is to create an entire spe-
cie currency, and argues against that. Next he
assumes it is to create a paper currency, and ar-
gues against that. He argues against the bill because
the depositaries created in it will not be so safe'
nor convenient as a bank or banks. Next he ar-
gues against it because, in so many respects, it is a
bank. His whole argument is based on the supe-
rior safety of banks as depositaries, and the pro-
priety of receiving their paper; yet be admits that
the State bank deposite system has failed, and in-
volved the Government and people in common
bankruptcy and ruin, He objects to this scheme
because, he says, it gives a superior currency of
gold and silver and Government paper to the Go-
vernment, and an inferior currency to the people.
Yet a large portion of his speich was devoted to
proving that specie is an inferior currency, and ad-
ducing arguments in favor of a currency of bank
paper. He objects to the example of Holland as
applicable to us, because the inhabitants of that
country are enabled to use specie on account of
the limited extent of their territory. Yet, he says
the Dutch are too wise, and have been too long
used to business, not to use paper. He contends
that those countries which use banks as deposita-
ries and take their paper, are the highest in the
scale of civilization, and would almost seem to
make the "banker with his note*" the prime cause
not only ol civilization, but of liberty. He argues
that the disuse of banks and the use of specie indicate
barbarism, and refers to Turkey as a country
scarcely within the pale of civilized nations. Yet,
he says the Greek and Armenian bankers have as
much to do with the administration of public af-
fairs in Turkey as ever the United States Bank had
in this country. He intimates that Government
paper is the necessary result of dispensing with
the use of banks as depositaries; yet again,
in the instances of England, Spain, and Rus-
sia, he speaks of Government paper as tbe
necessary consequence of being in debt. And
while he distrusts a reference to foreign
countries, whose institntions are so dissimilar
to our own—he pronounces an e'oquent eulogium
on Great Britain, and would seem to attribute her
greatness to her credit and banking system. He
admits, in so many words, that there is less Execu-
tive power and patronage in this scheme than in
the system of pet banks. Yet he objects to the
scheme on account of its patronage, and the whole
drift of his argument is in favor of employing
banks. He contends that if an United States Bank
is dangerous, so far as this resembles a bank, this
scheme must be dangerous also. Yet who can
divine bis scheme, if it be not the State bank sys-
tem, or this very United States Bank. And when
he lays it down as a principle indisputable, that
great power to do good is necessarily connected
with equal power to ^o evil, what an irresistible
argument has he furnished against the expediency
of such an institution! He has expressed hs hope
that this measure was not to be supported by an
" idle clamor against banks." I believe, sir, this
measure ran only be opposed by an idle clamor in
their favor—a clamor, the justice of which is dis-
proved by arguments, drawn from analogy—from
the nature ot corporations—from the nature of man;
contradicted by tbe lessons of experience—by the
