¿«1*1840.
APPBKDIX to THE CQNGRfeé&ONAL GLOBE
585
26th ConG""1st Sbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Davis.
H. of Reps.
dictates of common sense—and, I had almost said,
of common honesty.
With regard to the amnion that this system was
pat in operation by the President of his own mere
motion, it is sufficient to say that so far as it has
bten in operation, it was by the express provisions
of law. 11 the President or the Secretary had dis-
regarded those provisions, they would have sub-
jected themselves to impeachment, and would have
richly deserved it. Have the advocates of the
banks become so bold as openly to require that the
laws of tbe land ¡-hall be set at naught by the agents
of the people, for the benefit of those corporations?
The gentleman inquires if the apprehension of this
measure has caused so much aistress, what will be
its effect when it passes and becomes a law? Yet,
again, he contends that it has been in operation
three years already. He asserts it is an Executive
measure, and that it has been condemned by the
people, because it was rejected by the members of
the House of Representan ves of the last Congress,
who, he says, came direct and "unsophisticated"
from the people. Now it is well known that the
members of the last House were not tlecled in refe-
rence to this measure. Most of them were elected
before the suspension by the banks; and the time of
their assembling here was the time of their reception
of the President's message which first recommended
the measure.
This, then, is what is meant by a Representa-
tive coming "unsophisticated" from the people.
For a representative to be unsophisticated means
that he does not know, and has not tbe means of
knowing, the sentiments of his tonstitoeritr. I tad
supposed that the popular voice might be more
truly expressed by representatives who knew the
will of their constituents, and were elected to carry
that will into effect That is ¡he case with regard
i to tbe members of this House in relation to this
bill. The remark ef a gentleman of tbe Opposition
made here the other day is correct; that every mem-
ber was sent here as being either lar or againsi this
measure. This measure was before tne people
in the elections of members of the present Con-
gress. But the gentleman complains that the ap-
propriation bills which are "to supply the neces-
sities of the Government itself" are thi ust aside. A
novel complaint truly from that quarter! When
we desire to take up an appropria'ion bill,
the cry of the Opposition is, " you do nothing
for the peop'e—you basten to provide for the Go-
vernment andjfor office holders, and disregard every
thing else." Now, when we m-ist on taking up this
bill, which tbe peop'e have said ought to pass, we
are accused of not providing for the necessities of
the Government. The gentleman says that he
allows not why the measure is brought forward,
except for the reason that the Opposition have
taunted tbe Administration and dared them to do
ft. It was not very patriotic in them if they sup-
posed the bill was to be productive of so moch de-
solation and ruin, to indulge in taunts which were
to have such an influence! But I confess 1 have
never seen any thing in their powers of sarcasm to
induce meto believe their taunts could possess so
much power. If their taunts have had so much
effect, I cari only say that their taunts are much
more powerful in favor of the bill, than their argu-
ments are against it. The gentleman also says
mat it is the course of wisdom and policy that this
bill should not be passed now, because if there
should be a change of Administrad, n the bill
may be repealed. Thus the intimaticn is thrown
out, that in case of the defeat of Mr. Van
Buren's re-election this measure is to be repealed?
What must follow! An United States Bank. The
defeat of Mr. Van Buren is to be the triumph of
the banks over the people! Are the people ready
to submit to that triumph? No, sir, they will sup-
port him who has stood by thern in this deadly
contest, waged against their righ's, their liberties,
their interest, and their honor. The Opposition, it
  said by the gentleman, at least have ground rf
hope that the Administration will be put out of of-
fice, and that "wiser and better men" will succeed.
It is sufficient to observe, in reply, that the gentle-
nan belongs to a party whose "vocation" it has
been for many years, and I trust and believe will
be for many years to come—to hope—and that the
opinion of individuals ps to their own wisdom and
virtue is not slaavn the best evidence either of that
virtue or that wisdom.
Mr. Chan man, let me for a moment advert to
the extraordinary course pursued by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. When this bill was taken
up in committee, he immediately made a motion
to strike out the enacting clause, which motion, if
successful, causes the ifjection of the bil. After
he had made this motion, he turned to me "and ask-
ed fur arguments uhy the bill should pas?. H<'
made the motion to destroy the bill, and then re-
quested me to give him reasons why he should not
do what he had already done. Yes, sir, he
"shrunk" from his own motion. It became my
duty to suggest that the measure was not a n*w
one to the members of the House, nor to the peo-
ple, but had been discussed and made the test in
the elections of members of the House, and that he,
having made a motion, the effect of which, if suc-
cessful, would be to destroy the bill, it was incum-
bent on him to give to the House and to the country
tbe reasons which had induced his course. After
this—after he had thus shrank from his own mo-
tion, when he vaunting y said " he would not
shrink from the challenge," it indicated a state
i of mind somewhat similar to that of the re-
I nowned Robert Acres, who, when on his way to
t the field of combat, to which he had summoned his
antagonist, exclaimed to his second, "we won't
run, will we, Sir Lucius."
1     All acknowledge that some legislation is necessa-
ry on the subject of the collection and safekeeping
i of the public moneys, for the security of the pub-
: lie    We have biought forward the measure in fa-
i vor of which the people have deliberately decided.
■ Do gentlemen propose any substitute?    No sir!
An attempt is made, not to amend or improve—not
to substitute another plan—but t j des.roy and de-
feat this measure.    Is it their object 10 defeat every
I thing else, in order to drive the country into the
adoption of an United States Bank—acting on the
i principie that it is not "by atguroents, but by suf-
¡ fering,  that the people are to be convinced?"   We
I have a right to say to the Opposition: "if you object
1 to this scheme, show us a belt, r.   Explain to us
¡ your substitute.   Be not, like your candidate for
the Presidency, dumb as to your intentions.    Bring
forward your plan.   Why will you not do it?     It
is because yon dare not.    Yes! it is because you
dare not, for you know that the plan which, in re-
ality, yon, favor, is odious to the people of this
country."
Permit me, sir, to read an extract from a speech
delivered by the gentleman from Massachusetts in
the second session of the law Congress. After
alluding tu the results of a few State elections,which
at tnat tiuie were considered by him as exhibiting a
resalt unfavorable to the Administration, he ex-
exclaimed—
"And how does the President receive the declared will of the
people? What says he, the chief, the elect, the one representa-
tive of those claiming to he the exclusive Democracy of
the Union. Does he bow in ready, in re-pectful, in hum-
ble submission to the decision of the supreme power of
ibe Repubio. the people pronouncing judgment it) the ma-
jesty of their sovereignty against the favorite measures of the
Administration!   No."
Sir, when the gentleman uttered this language,
the people had not expressed their judgment on this
measure. The present Is the first Congress which
has been elected since this measure has been before
the people. Directly, and in the election of their
npiesentatives, who were to vote ft ror against the
measure, have the people, " in the majesty of their
sovereignty," pronounced judgment in favor of this
bill. Do the gentleman and his friends bow " in
ready, in respectful, in humble submission to the
decision of the supreme power of the Republic?
No, sir! They accuse the people of being " de-
coyed by the voice of the trmpter," and they are
striving by all the means in their power to set aside
their solemn verdict.
Something has been intima'ed abeut a "chance
majority" in the House. Probably this charge re-
fers to the admission of those members from New
Jersey who were elected by the people, and the re-
jection of those who claimed seats by virtue of the
Governor's certificate. We desire the opinion of
the people, and not the opinion cf the Governor of
New Jcrs y. But, sir, if the members chosen by
the peor !r- of New Jersey were ejected fiom this
hail, and tli-'ir places supplied by thi'se claiming
ur.der lhe Governor's cett.fixate, there would still
be, in my b-N f, a majontv in tavor of this bill.
Gentlemen nave proclaimed—p ihaps some have
eveiiñUer^d themselves with the hope—that the
fi¡ends of the Administration did not sincerely in-
tend to carry 'he measure through. If there be a
single meaibei of the Democratic party on this floor
who is not ardent'y desirous to pass this bill, 1 do
not know him. We .-hould be treacherous to the
doctrines we profess—¡reacherous to what we be-
lieve the principles of the Constitution—treacherous
to our constituents, did we not do all in our power
to ensure the success of a measure which we deem
so essential to the publ c welfare. Notwithstand-
ing the stieuuous efforts which will be made against
it, this bill is destined to pass—the people have
willed it; and its adoption will be a triumph of rea-
son and argument over the clamors of faction—a
triumph of the intelligence and firmness and honesty
of a community who understand the value of their
ree institutions, and know how to preserve them in
heir purity.
SPEECH OF MR. JOHN DAVIS,
of pkn>sVlvania,
In, the  House of Representantes, June 27/ft, 1840—
On the Independent Treasury bill.
Mr. DAVIS said: Mr. Chairman, bifore I pro-
ceed to the consideration of theVreat aril important
national question now before the\comaíittee, I will
read an extract from tbe Boston Courier, a modern
Whií paper.   It is as follows:       \
"As well might a blacksmith attempt to m\nfi a watch, as a
farmer to legislate. What mischiefs are sure to be enacud,
when a man born to nothing but the plough tail, undertakes to
legislate^"
'Mr. Chairman, I am the kind of person herein
described. I was born to no inheritance but the
plough tail; and I have ploughed all day trom sun
up until dark,since I have been elected to a seat on
this floor. I know very well, sir, that this is not an
uncommon opinion in a cerain quarter. It isas
old as the Constitution uhder which we live.
Whether I am qualified for this station or not is a
question alone for my constituents,who have sent me
here.
As I have not heretofore consumed any of the
time of the House, I now ask the indulgence of the
committee, while I present some of the reasons that
will influence my vote on this important ques-
tion.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Reed,]
who has just taken his seat, the' gentlemen frond
Pennsylvania, [Messrs. Sergeant and Cooper,}
and the gentlemen from Kentucky,,[Msssts. Popé,
White, and Anprews,], as well as most other gen-
tlemen who have spoken in opposition to thi? bill,
have charged the present Administration with be-
ing th* cause of the suspension of specie payments
in 1837 and 18S9, and all the evil consequences at-
tending them; such as \he derangement of the cur-
rency, the issuing of *oiriplajters,The reduction in the
price of produce, and turning tfte^p^or. {«boring man
out of employ to starve; fw'tfte ¿&rflfcman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. SekoeaWtJ in^ortneíAis that they
were in a state of starvation. All these evils they
sav have come upon the country by Mr. Van Bu-
ren's tampering with the banks; for which he has
teen called a currency tinker and other odd names.
Now if this be true, as charged over and over
again on this floor, and in the Oppositioi papers, it
is the strongest reason that has been offered why a
separation of the Government from the banks
should take place. Nothing that the friends of the
bill have sard in its favor can be more striking to the
public mifld than that—if the President bas the
power to do so much mischief, it should be taken
from him. Had I been opposed to «his bill when I
came here, (which I was not,) I have heard enough
from its enemies to convince me that it should pass.
I am pleased that my honorable colleague from
Philadelphia (Mr. Sergeant] has ai length made
known to us the principal cause of the opposition
to this bill. He, ot all other gentlemen on this
floor, has had the best opportunity to be informed
on that particular subject. He represents the bank
interest  f Pennsylvania, and of all other men is
