5wW
APPENDIX TO THE CON ORB SSI O NAL GLOBE.
June, 1*40.
SGrn Hon*... 1st S« s
Independent Treamry—Mr. Davi*.
H. of Reps.
bat lew «* «he c «ntry bank '«tes in payn.eut of
Otñremnfr t toe*; vj«t this wa* a' nsrht, b. c a-e
ii wa  <*on<- by the (wink,  nd n« po'iiica! capi'al
coaM be xa%A* aoinsi ihe Admin.5trat.0n, and
therefore noi^in? was «a <S kd ui it.
Bat H is said thai we want a ba'ik to recaíate the
carreacy, exchanges, 4c I have looked into this
natter and find that the exchanges have been owe
deranged dariag the existence of the Untied Sutes
Bank than siace.
la 1891, when the bank had been in opera'ion
five yean, the notes of manv of the batiks in Pen-i-
Slraa<* were fmm 10 to 60 p.r cent, under pnr;
ew York country banks from 10 to 75 pei cent.;
Massachusetts 19 per cent.; district of Columbia 70
per oen'.; Georgia 40 p«r cent; Ohio from 50 io 80
per cent. la 1897 there was anoiher pressure,
when Pennsylvania country banks were (rom 5 to
75 and 80 per cent, discount; Delaware from par
to 95 per ceat.; Maryland from par to 80 per cent.
In 1833, when it is said we had as good a currency
an any country ever had, Pennsylvania was from
par to 9 per cent; Alabama was from 10 to 20 per
cent; Louisiana from 6 to 8; Mississippi f.om 5 to
ft Tennessee from 4 to 5; Missouri, Illinois, Indi-
ana, no sale*; Kentucky from 90 to 95. Since
1833, the ratea of exchange have not been so high,
or bank notes so low. By this it will be seen that
some gentlemen's memories are not so very good,
when they say that we had the best currency the
world ever know. But, say they, the United Sutes
Bank paper was good. Admit this, and what does
it proveí Why, that yon had one currency for the
Government and anoiher for the people—the very
thing yon now condemn. The above rates will be
foaad in 8eaate document No. 457, Mission of 1837-
8. The United 8'ates Bank shaved the notes oi iis
own branches from 1 to 5 per cent.; see SpencerV
report to House of Representatives, January 19,
1819. Banks, like individuals, will have a credit
abroad >n proportion to their standing at home.
If ibey sand high in public estimation at horre,
and always redeem their notes waen presented, in
gold and silver, they cannot sink lower at any
point than the difference in transporting the gold
and silver. Why i* it that bank notes in tbe same
State, and even in tbe same town, differ so much
)■ value? b it not owing to their standing in pub-
lic estimation? Bat we are told that tbe laboring
classes would be much benefited by the rstabli.h-
ment of another National Bank. These things
have been promised before, without being realized.
I happened to be in Harrisburg, in Pennsylvania,
when tbe Uci?d States Bank bill of that State
was onder consideration. It< friends there, like
the friends of a United States Bank here, prophe-
sied that great good would result from it—'hat we
had in that State a large and enterprising class of
men, who possessed all the qualifications requisite
to make them useful; but that they were wuhout
tbe means to go into business—that farmers, me-
chanics, and others, who were in debt, would be
greatly benefited oy it—that money woa'dbe so
plenty that interest would be reduced to four per
cent, and perhaps lower—in fact, it was ihe very
bill to benefit the middle and l«#wer classes. This
was the profession. Now for tbe practice. Mo-
ney bad become so plenty in Pennsylvania, or at
least in that section where I reside, that men who
could secure it well, could get what they wanted
at Ave per cent per annum. This was a very
common rate of interest. But in less than
twelve months after the Bankwas chartered,
notice was generally giren either to pay in
the money or to pay six per cent, interest. This
was all fair. We, who were in debt, had no
cause of complaint. It was only the effect that the
charter of tbe Bank had upon us. All these things
I know from experience, because it took between
thirtr and forty dollars per annum from me; hut
in Philadelphia it was much worse than in ih'
eon  try. To soch an extent was the wild and vi-
sion* ry spirit of speculation encouraged, that it
created such an addit onal demand for money that
interest rote to ten, fifteen, twenty, and as hush as
thirty-NX per cent, or ihree per cent, per mon'h,
and it was exceedingly difficult fur ordinary bu.i-
ness men to get accommodations at all, when the
abater and speculator could command h« millions.
Nearly all the mor. y w - ¡em out through brol ers
«nd bar¡k officers at t T'iavagaiii rates of interest
'n this case, g.'rileiiien, \<>u proteose! s.^ much
fiit-nd h.p for u^ f*rm<rs and laboring men ><¡ y< u
do now. (s it then at all surprsing that ueshould
be unwilling to trust you again?
But a bank is wanted as a regulator. We in
Pennsylvania have some experience about this
regulation of tbe currency. On the 9"h of O.-tober
la^t, the evening of the election, and alter the re-
urrs from the city and county of Ph^adelpha
wri~e mostly in, the bunk officers held a meeting ti>
consult ab< ut the oi priety of suspending specie
payments. Fourteen banks were represented, and
uve were for suspension and the big bank was one
of the number for suspension; and nine were
against it. Therefore it is reasonable to suppose
that the nine banks who were unwi:lmg to suspend,
were able to continue 5pecie payments. Bat the
next day when the big bank opened, she sent word
round to the others that she suspended forthwith,
and ihe rest followed her example. The conse-
quence baa been the withdrawal from circulation of
nearly all tbe precióos metals, and their place was
filled with the worst trash that ever disgraced any
people. Tbe best informed men of that State are
of opinion that nearly all the banks in Pennsyl-
vania could have continued specie payments, and
that they were entirely solvent; but we had a regu-
lator, and they must follow her regulations. But
for the noble stand taken by Governor Porter to
see that the laws were faithfully executed, and that
no note or bill of a less denomination than five
dollars should be issued, the whole State would
have been again flooded with sbioplastere as it
was in 1837; for the universal law regulating cur-
rency is, that two kinds of tbe same denomination
will not circulate together. Where one is more
valuable than tbe other, the least valuable will be
kept going, while the other will be boarded up.
For instance, if you have five dollars in gold, and
a five dollar bill, yon will part with the bill first;
but if yon had no note, the gold would then be
used. Stop the circulation of all the five dollar
bills in the country, and half eagles will soon take
their place.
The bill now under consideration differs in two
very essential particulars from tbe late practice in
the kind of money to be received, and the manner
of keeping it between the time of receiving and
disbursing it.
From the commencement of the Government,
the public money has been received and disbursed
by officers appointed by the Government, and there-
fore if they were dishonest, they had aa opportu-
nity to embezzle it; and besides all this, you bad
to risk the safety of tbe banks. Under this bill you
have but one set of officers; and if bank officers
are more honest than other men, their services can
be bad; but this I do not admit. la all Govern-
ments, and also in large private transactions, more
or less iosses will occur from faithless agents and
this will always be the case until man becomes in-
fallible.
One of the strongest reasons why this bill should
pass at the present time is, that it is generally con-
ceded that the readjustment of the tariff will come
up for consideration at the neit session of Con-
gress. That period will, perhaps, be the freest from
objections to considering ths subject, of any time
that can be selected. After a storm we usually
have a calm; and a calm will, therefore, be likely to
succeed Ihe comin? Presidential election, and it
will, moreover, come on before parties divide off
on other Presidential candi lates. The members
will come together freer from excitement than
usual, and therefore will be better prepared to act
with that calm, cool, and deliberate consideration
that its importance require*. I would here say to
the h  h tariff men at the North, and to the anti-
tariff men of the South, that you should meet toge-
ther upon tome middle ground with that spirit of
concession and compromise that actuated those men
to whom you are indebted for the form of Govern-
ment under which you live. If either extreme
should succeed, injustice may be done. Pennsyl-
vania occupies that ground. While she will never be
behind ber sitter Stat-s in furnishing the necessary
means to support tbe Government, in either men or
money, at the fame lime, so far as I ac .aforued,
her people do not deíire inore taxes to be le -W
than will m'ei the neces ary expense* o'* the G.>
vernrne-ii; and in laying iliem, she will ask discri-
mmatmg dunes to protect tbe nianuf ict'irint' inte-
rests. Tiis is ihe first di li> eraiive body in which
1 was ever honored with a s*a', an 1 this is my first
effort in this body; and as one of the Represunt-
a'ivts oí the Keysione State, if I could suggest any
thing for the consideration of Congress that would
tend io harmonize their confl cling views on that in-
terring and heretofore excuing quesiion, it would
be very gratifying in my own feelings; bu . Mr, if
you pi runt the banks to enter th* list of interested
partisans, you will have your gallerv andjoui lob-
by lin<*d wuh their efrbers and agents, advocating a
hijih tariff, and all for the interest of the dear peo-
ple- protes>e lly, but in fact to create a Urge surplus
tor them to trade upon. Should you employ the
banks again as depositories, I doubt not but the pre-
diction of rn y honorable colleague from Philadel-
phia fMi. Serocant] will be fulfilled, and tbatten
millions of dollars will not be too large an estimate
for the balance in the Treasury. There has been
some effort made to agitate this interesting question
at the present session; but of all times thai could be
selected, this would be the most unfortunate for the
country.
I have been no little amused, sir, to hear the very
kind professions of friendship from the gentlemen in
the Opposition, to the interests of tbe farmers, me-
chanics, and laboring men. Yes, sir, the real hard
fised men, as ihey are called. These professions
are made by men in this hall, who can scarcely
tarn over the leaves in their portfolio without their
silk gloves on. Now, sir, I dont doubt their sin*
eerily, but are they as competent to judge of their
interests as practical business men are? While
they profess one thing, they practice another. Yes,
sir, ibey are for exclusive privileges and monopo-
lies—the very antipodes of the poor man's interest.
They are too much like the banks—they form
combinations and control a larger amount of labor
mat depends mainly upon bank facilities to carry
on business. When there is any sudden revulsion
in the money market, as it is called, the poor man
is either forced to consent to a reduction of his
wages, or be thrown out of employ altogether; and
their rights as ciizens are too often infringed upon
by being forced into a compliance with the views
of their employers, especially in politics. I ask
the business and laboring men of tbe country to
look round and see whether the leaders of the
Whig party do not seem to be delighted with the
present distress of the country, because it will have
the effect to place them in power; and whether tbe
banks and all the moneyed men of that party are
not aggravating it to its utmost stretch of severity
even to bring you to starvation, as tbe gentlcm an
from Philadelphia would have n? Tne I-Dor of
any country is its wealth; and when you protect
the interest of tbe laborer, you promote the inte-
rest of tbe country: but, how is this to be done? is
the great question. Here the parties seem to be at
issue. Tbe Democrats contend that the laborer is
best rewarded wbo receives his pay in the kind of
currency of which a month's or day's wages wjll
bny most of ihe necessaries of life for his family,
For instance, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
HollbminJ informed us, the other day, (bat he
knew a man that received thirty thousand dollars for
one month's work, in continental money, and then
gave it all for a uni/orm coat, worth only thirty
dollars, in hard money. Now, if this man had re-
ceive! forty dollars in hard money for bis month's
work, he would have had ten dollars left; but when
be got $30,000, he had nothing left. This is a fair
illustration of the position of the two parties; for
tbe Opposition contend that the large t nominal
amount, without reference to its value, is the best
wakes.
Nov, sir, if tins bill will be the means of taking
away the props that have held up and supported
rotten institutions, and will weed them out from
amongst the sound ones, we shall soon return to a
sound circulating medium; and the man who re-
ceives bis week's pay on Saturday night will be
certain that bis money will be good until theendof
the next week.   The changes and fluctuations in
