
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr, Floyd.
H. of Reps.
the prices of produce always operate more injuri-
ously en the poor man than on any other ela-s, be-
cause his wages are the last to nse, when a geneial
rise in prices takes place.
In Pennsylvania contracts are usually made in
the winter tor the succeeding   summer, both for
batid ing and farming operations, and  the prices
fixed by the day, month, or year, as the case may
be.   Mechanics generally  fix their prices in the
winter, or early in the spring, from which they can-
not well depart; and it  not unfrequently happens
that before the season is half over, their bread and
meat advances in price from 25 to 50 and in some
cases 100 per cent, yet their wages remain sta ion-
ary.   This frequently happens after the grain has
been sold by the. farmer, and the mills are nearly
empty, the whole crops of the country, or nearly
so, being in the hands of the speculators.   In Phila-
delphia, building is generally dooe by contract made
in the commencement of the season.   The compe-
tition being great amongst ma-ter builders for busi-
ness, every thing is e iimated at existing prices,
under which hands are engaged, &c. but before the
buildines are half up, the price of living advance*
50 or 75 per cent, and the workmen, in justice to
themselves and families, turn out for higher wages,
and, consequently, in many cases, the undertaker
loses by the contract.    It is the sudden changes and
fluctuations that unsettles business, destroys conn-
deuce, and operates so much against business men,
and which are believed to be caused mainly by ex-
pansions and contractions ¡a the circulating me-
dium.
Our best writers on political economy, as well as
our ablest statesmen, inform us that the currency
of a country stands in the same relation to the body
politic, that the blood in our veins does to tbe hu-
man or animal system; tbe regularity of both
being alike necessary to a healthy action. If this
principle be coirect, the following s'atement will
show the cause of our embarrassment. In 1835,
January 1st, the amount of bank notes in circula-
tion was $103,692,495; in 1836, it increased to
4140,301,038; in 1837, it increased to $149,185,890;
in 1838, it was reduced to $116,138,910; in 1839,
it was increased to $134.170 955; and in 1840, it
was agau reduced to $106,963,572. By the above,
it wilt be seen that, from 1835 to 1836, the increase
ef circulation was $36,608,543; and from 1837 to
1838, it was reduced $33,046,980; and in 1838, it
was increased $22,042,045; and between the 1st of
January 1839 and 1st of January 1840, it was
again reduced $27,212,384. If the Opposition be
correct, (which I do not admit) that the Adminis-
tration has produced those changes by what they
are pleased to term a war on the banks, then they
have fnrnised the very best reason that can be given
for the separation. That these changes have af-
fected prices, there can be no doubt; and this is ail
charged to the Administration. If crops fail, and
bread becomes high, the poor man is told that the
President has been the cause of it. If crops are
good and we have a double quantity, and prices
fall, tbe farmers are told that tnc President has
done it.
If Mr. Van Buren is chargeable with the low
price of produce—but which I do not think correct
—we will try some of the gentlemen's favorites by
the same rule, and see how they stand. The ave-
rage price of flour in Phtiad^'phia during Mr.
Adams's administration was, agreeably to Ha-
zard's Register, a good Whig paper, $5 I4¿; Gen
Jackson's first term, $5 61; second term, $6 163;
and Mr. Van Buren's, $7 26. Now, gentlemen,
if high prices are an advantage, whpre does jour
favorite Administration standi I say here, wi'hoat
the fear of contradiction, that flour was lower dur-
ing his Administration than duriag any four years
together since 1790.
By comparing the year* in which the banks is-
sued most excessively, with th- excessive impor-
tation and excessive sales of public lands, it will be
seen that they kept pace with each oiher, and that
tbe whole action of ihe body politic wan stimulated
by the excess of bank p3per; and vice versa when
a contraction took place. If ihen Ihe Independent
Treasury bill, now on your table, will tend to
check this excess, it will do much good, and I trust
will be of lasting benefit to the people of this Union.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
ToESDA?,June 11, 1840.
Mr. FLOYD rose and said—
Mr. Chairman: The his'oryof the proposition
"to provide tor the collection, safe keeping, trans-
fer, and disbursement of the^public re venue," con-
•ained in the oill now under consideration, affords,
as, I think, much instruction for those who wou'd
learn aright the character of the^Américan people,
and is alike creditable to the distinguished indivi-
dual at the head of this Government,\who first pro-
posed it for the consideration of Congress, and to
the intelligence of our fellow-citizens, who, through
their agents, here assembled, are, as I apprehend,
about to carry it into effect by the form and sanc-
tion of law.
The peculiar situation of the currency, when the
plan of an Independent Treasury was first laid
before the country by the Piesident, in his mes-
sage ot 1837, is doubtless well remembered by all
on this floor, and as I then thought, and still think,
imperatively called upon the Chief Magistrate to
propo-e some plan by which the treasure of the
people, collected from them and held in trust for
them by their servants, should be safely preserved
for is appropriate uses, and not subjected to the
embarrassments and losses which had been and
might again be occasioned, by the reckless cupidi-
ty < f unprincipled corporations.
The whole army of moneyed monopolies through-
oat the country was utterly prostrate and flat; and
the numerous retinue of camp followers, consist-
ing of directors, stockholders, counsellors, attor-
neys, brokers, debtors, and runners, in Congress
and out of it, were unable to give them any aid.
The currency—if currency it could be called—
consisted of bank paper, for which not a dollar of
money could be obtained, and which was in truth
little more than a certificate of the great gullibility
of the people, and the fraudulent bankruptcy of
those who issued it. Even Baal himself ceased to
be a God. The great idol of the Federal party—
the United States Bank—having exhausted its en-
ergies in a fierce warfare upon the "ol<1 Roman,"
and in the payment of bribes, in the shape of im-
mense counsel fees, to Senators and Congressmen
toppled headlong down, from its own rot-
tenness, and the wrecks of the State
banks were scattered throughout the coun-
try in such a profusion of corrnption, that the
whole land stank. Shoals of speculators and
merchants, who had hoisted all sail to catch the
prospering breeze, and were riding, as they sup-
posed, en the top billow to wealth and luxury,
were, by the receding wave, left like shell fish high
and dry upon the sand, to gape and rot. The peo-
ple themselves, in their associated capacity as a
people, did not escape unscathed. Their treasure,
which they had contributed for their general wel-
fare, had been entrusted for safe keeping to those
faithless agents, the banks, and a call upon them
for payment was as iceftVctual as would have been
a call upon the dead to arise; they had neither the
disposition to pay, nor the ability.
The lobbies of the State Legislatures were over-
ran with bank vermin. All the well known ap-
pliances of the banks were put in requisition to
procure the sacred power of the States to sustain
and support an insolvent banking interest. The
stockholders of banks in the Legislatures needed
no prompting to promote fh ir own interest. To
soch in the Legislature as owed the banks,
threats, direct or iadirect, were used, while
o'hers were assailed by the most abject entrea-
tie —for the veriest beggar for cold victua's
cannot " crook the pregnant hinges of the knee "
with more suppleness than a bank aristocrat, when-
ever " thrift may follow fawning." And so
effectually was the object pnisoed, that throughout
this whole confederacy of sovereign Staies, I be-
l:ev wiihont one exepti^n, th* leg slaiive powet
of the State was br-usrht to bow :n subnmeion at
the feet of the bankrupt moneyed associations.
But, sir, while the several Stages were wroueh
upon by bank influence from within and from
without, to blot their statute books with infamous
suspension laws, legalizing the frauds of the banks,
and sanctioning their continuance, enabling them
to reap a harvest of wealth from the ruin they had
themselves occasioned, the people were subject to
the tender mercies of their own agents, and were
compelled to receive their own money in a depre-
ciated currency; and in paying their servants, iheir
military, civil, and naval offici-rs, the hardy soldi r,
the gallant sailor, and ihe laborer on public works,
were compelled to make up in quantity what the
bank currency lacked in quality.
Such, Mr. Cnairman, was the situation, but
faintly described, of the currency and the currency
making insiitutions of the country, when the Pre-
sident of the United States, the highest public ser-
vant of the people, elected by themselves—by their
free, unbiassed ¡suffrages—to watch over their in-
terests, in the discharge of his duty, proposed to
Congress, and through Congress to the country,
that national honor and honesty—a proper dis-
charge of national obligations—yea, justice to
themselves, required that the people should keep
their own money in their own way—trusting none
but servants selected by themselves for their inte-
giity and fidelity, and dissolving, forever, a connec-
tion with the banks, which had proved so disas-
trous.
And, sir, how was the proposition met by the ,
Federal paity in this Houce and in the country?
By unqualified, b tter hostility. The propensities
of privileged orders ate the same in all countries.
Do the nobility ol England grasp wiih less energy
their titular distinctions, because all the causes
which led to their creation, and all the circum-
stances and associations which gave them worth
and grandeur, have long since passed, away?
and because the tinsel glitter, which distinguishes
them, is but the phosphorescent glow which marks
their decay? Not at all. And the Federal party
n this country, which apes, at an humble distance,
the aristocratic mummery of Great Britain, never
buckled on their harness in defence of their favo-
rite privileged institutions with more ztal, than
when those institutons had shown themselves to
be utterly worthless and corrupt. Well, sir, they
opposed, they defeated, the Independent Treasury
plan. Did tbey propose any thing in its stead?
Nothing—like Satan, they bad power to do evil,
but neither power nor inclination to do good: they
had strength to prevent this measure, but no abili-
ty to propose a better.
"Toe ignorant to teach, too proud to learn "
they contented then.selves with the poor honor of
being able to destroy. Sir, if there has been de-
rangement in the finances of the Government, and
if, from that derangement, the business of the
country has suffered, let the blame lie at the «foqr
of that party, which held a majority upon this
question of finance in this House, during the last
Congress. It is not with them to deny, that
ihey bad tbe power to regálate the finances of the
Government. They had that power—they bad a
majority of this House; the journals and the re-
corded votes ¡>how this fact. Why did they not
propose a plan for keeping, collecting, and disburs-
ing the revenue? Had they not the capacity, or
had tney not the courage? Why at least did they
not discharge their solemn duty by making the
attempt to save their country from the disaster?
which they allege have occuied for the want of a
good financial system.
Sir, the Opposition is indefensible upon this point,
and no one can doubt that tbey feel themselves
to be so, who was present a few days ago, and
winessed their extreme sensitiveness, when the
honorable memb«r from North Carolina (Mr.
MoNTGOMiaY] "like an eagle in a dove ©ote,"
fluttered the Federal forces in this House by charg-
ing their delinquency h>me upon ibem, and prov-
ing it from the journals. But, sir, " the second
sober thought ot the people, Bever wrong, and
always em. if nt," has prevailed. Upon this n*ue,
every member of this House was elected. Upon
this issup the Adminis ration may safely consent to
siand < r fall. By this issue the Opposition pro-
fessed themselves willing to abide, until completely
routed and ove thrown; ihey have scattered to the
winds every i>sue which involves reason and prin-
ciple, and have betaken themselves to uV hopeless
task of cozening the intelligent voters of this country,
by appeals which rate the intellect of the laboring
man on a par with that of bis horse.
