sao
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 184Ú.
26th Conq~.~.Ist Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. floyd.
H. of Reps*
Mr. Chairman, I propose briefly to examine
the principa! features oi the sysie-a now under
consideration, and to compaie ¡' with the antago-
m t mra ures to which the Opposition ate sup-
posed to be friendly.
First. The till proposes that the money of
the people shall be collected, kept, and paid c at by
responnb e agents «if their own, selected far that
express purpose, instead of ihe banks, which
have been hitherto employed as fin uncial agents.
There would seem, at first blush, to be no-
thing very star ling in the proposal that, in a free
and Republican Government, where all power
emanates from the people, and ail officers are,
or should be, responsible to them, that so im-
portan a class of public servants as those entrust-
ed in any way with the revenue of the coun-
tiy, should derive their authority and feel their
accountability, accord in 5 to this most salutary
principle of Republicanism. If aa individual
appoints an agent for any particular service, he
selects that agent with a vi-ew to hi* qualifica-
tions and responsibility, and he prescribes the
mode and manner of performing his duties, and
exacts security for the faithtul execution of his
trust. Why sheuld not the people of this coun-
try, in selecting their agents, have the benefit of
the same wholesome mode of appointment?
Whence comes the irresistible necessity ef ap-
pointing, as financial agents, those in whose se-
lection the people hare ne voice, upon whose cor-
porate existence no moral obligation can rest—
■« reproach for delinquency can attach—to whom
a reputation for honesty or dishonesty is alike in-
diffe.ent, and who can be subject to no punish-
ment for tueir crimes, however enormous and
base  Whence, I say, is the necessity which
seems to rest upon the minds of gentlemen
in the Opposition that the people of this coun-
try «nut continue to employ agents of this
description? What are the qualifications
requisite in a financial officer? Are they
not honesty, capacity, and responsibility? And
are not all three ef these secured by the bill un-
der consideration? ' Aa for those of the Opposi-
tion who say that men of sufficient honesty can-
not he foand, I respectfully request them to con-
fine the declaration to themselves and fiiends. I
make so such confession, and submit to no such
imputation for the party with which I act.
But, if honest individuals cannot be found,
how is the matter helped by employing
banks? What are bank officers but individu-
als? and was it ever heard of, that a man be-
came more honest by becoming an officer of a
bank? Nay, sir, is not the danger in this respect
greatly increased by employing banks as deposito-
ries? for, betides the risk that the collector of reve-
nue may be dishonest, yen then have the addition-
al risk that some one out of the score of bank of-
ficer* may be so. So far, then, as honesty may be
Considered a desirable quality in an agent, the «ys-
ten proposed by the present bill has a decided ad-
vantage over ihe deposite bank system; besides, by
it, the people may select tbeir servants from among
themselves, and may choose any one of the whole
mass of citizens of ihe United States, while, by ap-
pointing the banks as fiscal agents, they must trust
to the honesty of the officers of the bank, who are
selected sometimes for their morality, and some-
times for their knavery.
Then for the capacity of the agent. What su-
periority is claimed for the banks, in point of finan-
cial wkill, over individuals? Does ihe magic of a
bank charter endue those who hold c ffice under it
with kuperior wisdom? Such a proposition is ab-
surd in theory; and the deplorable history of bank-
ing institutions for the last few 5 ears, most fully
proves that they do not possess skill enough to
save themselves from the disgrace of suspension
and insolvency.
Now, sir, what is the retpontibiñty of the banks?
What is the security they offer wh ch cannot be
procured equally well by an individual? What is
the security you have bad from the deposite banks?
Why, it has been according to the most approved
form ef the modern "credit system." You have
had the banks as corporations for principals, and
the individuals composing the banks for sureties;
like modern commercial paper, in which A and
B, as members of a firm, draw a note, and, tc
make it perfectly g< ot', A and B, as indviduaK-,
endorse it; and, with all this boasu 1 security of the
janks, they have been utterly unible to pay to '.ie
peo">le trie money < mrusted to them for thsir safe
keipm;; and while the agents of the deposite banks
are ia your lobbies begging you for a postpone-
ment of the day of payment for the money they
owe you, their friends upon this floor are uiging
you to try them again—to trust them with more
money, fot the purpose, peihaps, of enabling tnem
to pay what they owe already. Sir, I should blu^h
for my country, if I could say that citizens of th"
United States could not be found who were trust-
worthy as Government agents. I should state what
all men know to be false, if I declared that banks
were more honest than individuals. But,-sir, there
are knaves enough, both in the banks and out, and
with the utmost care dishonest persons may be se-
lected. For such ibis bil. provides, in a way in
which it is impossible to apply ii, or any legal pro-
vision, to corporations, and that is, by bodily
punishment. The seventeenth section of the aot
declares any use, by loau, or in any other way, of
the public money, an embezzlement, and punishes
ii with imprisonment. Sir, if you could have
brought this salutary provision to bear upon the
directors and officers of the pet banks, your Trea-
sury would have avoided much *f the embarrass-
ment ii has experienced.
At the first proposal of the Independent Treasury
plan in 1837, there broke eut afresh the contro-
versy which has ever existed, and ever will exist,
in this country, between the people and the mo-
neyed aristocracy, and privileged classes, and that
is the question involved in this bill, which draws
out such fierce opposition. Shall the people go-
vern, or shall they submit to be bound hand and
foot, and abide the dictation of the aristocracy of
associated wealih. Such is the issue, and everv
Democrat who tenders or accepts any other issue
in the present contest, is unjust to himself and to
his principles. That the doctrines held by the Op-
position are odious, they know right well—they
are offensive in the nostrils of the people, and it is
rot strange that they should attempt to conceal
them, or that they should attempt to get up issues,
in which the principles which lay at the root of the
opposition to this bill may not come directly in
questfbn. Those, sir, who approve of this bill,
should make it their duty to show that opposition
to it arises from those only who would establish a
favored, distinct class among us, to be supported
without labor, at the expense of the many.
Mr. Chairman, call it radicalism, if you will—
call it Jacobinism, it you please—the fact, never-
theless, is, that in this country, every great politi-
cal contest bas been, and every political contest
upon principle will be, a war between the rich and
the poor—on the part of the rich, a war of aggres-
sion—on the part of the poor, a war of defence.
The arrogance of wealth is almost universal—the
possessor of riches most naturally slides in o
the belief that the property which gives him
advantages in the procurement of the luxu-
ries of Jife over his poor neighbor, should
confer additional personal importance and supe-
rior political rights. Hence it is that the De-
mocratic party is continually undergoing a process
of purification and rejuvenescence, if I may so
speak—those who have grown old and grown
wealthy, leaving it to find more congenial princi-
ples and associates in the ranks of the aristocracy,
while tbeir places under the Democratic banger are
filled wits enlistments from the young men of our
country, whose only prospect of success in life,
whether their aim be wealth or honor, depends
upon the preservation of the free, untrammelled,
uncontrolled, unprejudiced rights of each citizen.
The inII under consideration is the poor man's
bill. It gives him nothing, it is true—he asks
nothing. It is the poor man's bill, because, like
few hills passed by la.v makers, it takes nothing
from him; it leaves him a clear field, and he asks
no favors: it operates with equal and exact justice
upon all; it knows no man otherwise than as a ci-
tizen of the United States; and whatever may be
his rank or calling, from that of a farmer, the
most noble of all, down, down, Jown, to the
banker, who lives upon privilege—-it shows no fa-
vor and imposes no disability. Is it not the duly
of those who represent 0//, to adopt such nvasures
as will afford equal protection to all, and show fa-
vors to none? Why, then, and by whom, is this
measure opposed? Sir, I will examine this ques-
tion at some little length.
The Independent Treasury system is opposed by
tliose classes of citizens who have hitherto preyed
upon the Government—who have had the custody
and the use ...f Ms money so long, that they have
come to regard !i as their own—and who consider
their own partir ilar interests as deserving the pe-
r> ar fostering care ol the Governnmeut, to the
excijsion of all others. Sir, I mean the merchants
and bankrs, and those connected with aud de-
pendent upon them by the opera'ions of their
business. It is from those, ana from their public
organs, that proceed the most terrific bcliowings
against this bill. The public treasure is about to
be wrenched by the peop'e from their clutch Think
you they will yield it wiihout a deatn struggle ?
A wise man has said, in most apt words, in re-
gard to legislation: "Touch but a bristle of the
commercial interest and the whole sty will be in
an uproar." How fully has the truth of this as-
sertion been manifesied during the last few years
in this countrj? Could all the Federal jeremiads
of ihe last two years be uttered at once, it would
make an uproar of lamentation which would
drown the thunders of Niagara. Were all the pa-
pers in the pay of the banks and the merchants,
which have been filled with mourning for their lost
plunder, spread out in this broad land, they would
rover it as if a deluge had departed and left a pes-
tilential scum.
The farmer has been at work, planting his corn,
dropping three kernels for himself, and two for the
banks. The mechanic has been at work in his
shop, striking ihree blows for himself, and two for
the banks; for it is in about this proportion that
yoursystem of paper money robs the producer of
his earnings, and by a silent, but sure process,
transfers them to the coffers of the banker; but the
merchant, the broker, and their whole army of de-
pendants, have been agonizing to repossess thera-
themselves of the public treasure—you have had
panic speeches without number; and pestering com-
mittees of from ten to ten thousand. The press
has groaned with arguments to show that the inte-
rests of these classess should be protected at the
expense of all the rest. Every mail has been
loaded with speeches to prove that Government is
organized to foster the few at the expense of the
many. The daily sheets m the pay of those inte-
rests, filled with vituperation against those who
sand for popular rights, flatter in every breeze, and
are borne abroad on every gale; and here upon
this floor, at this session, as at former sessions, you
hear from the Federal party denunciations, fierce
and fearful, against this most safe, most just, most
necessary, most Democratic measure.
It is complained, by the opponents of this bill,
that it proposes to keep the public money from cir-
culation. "Ah, there's the rub;" farewell, public
deposites, say the banks—farewell, loans of the
public money, say the merchant and speculator—
farewell, bank suits, cries the attorney—and fare-
well, bank facilities, and bank counsel fees, say
the bank Senators, and members of Congress. It
is estimated, that under this bill, not more than five
millions of dollars will be on hand at any one
time—but, whatever the amount, it is to be safely
kept, until paid out in the ordinary operations of
the Government. And it seems to me, that it will
be in abundant time for the friends of the banks
and the merchants, to propose to borrow more of
the Government, when they have paid up what
they borrowed years ago. But, sir, how, and to
whom, do the opponents of this bill propose that
the public money should be loaned—with whom
deposied? Is it proposed that the farmer shall
have the benefit of it? not a dollar: or the me-
chanic? not a cent: but they propose to dispose of
it according to the old fashioned Federal rule-
take care of the rich, and the rich will lake care of
the poor: in other words, they propose that the
banlfs shall have the custody of the money—that
