June 1840.                             APPENMX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                       591
36th Cong.......1st Sess.
Innependenl Treasury—Mr. Floyd.
H. of Reps.
the; shall loan it to the merchant and speculator,
who are their principal customers.
Now, sir, if it be so wrong for the people to
Veep on hand their money, a few days, between the
ame of receiving it from the public debtor, and the
time of paying it to the public creditor, why do not
gentlemen papóse some plan, by which it may be
deposi'ed directly with the farmers or mtchanicsof
our country? Why must the pretereace be given
to the wealthy bankers? "Will any one here ven-
ture to say, the bankers are more honest than our
farmers aud mechanic*? I had rather, much ra-
ther, truft those who live in log cabins, than those
who live in bank palacs. I mean the true log
cabías, Mich as. I can show you in my own district,
and not such as you bee hereabouts, and which
truly represent those who build thetn, for they are
mere shams, built of slabs, and filled with getiti"-
men in ruffled shirts and silk stockings. Sir, we
shall hear no such proposition—true as the needle
to the pole, the Opposition will propose no mea-
sure, which does not, in some way, aid the moneyed
monopolies of the country.
And what are these institutions which, in the
opinion of gentlemen, are entitled to so much
consideration at the hands; of the people? Why,
sir, they are associations oí individuals invested
by the beneficence of State legislators with all
the rights of the whole people on a particular and
pretty important matter, that of making a currency
—some of the legislators granting the monopoly,
being generally interested in the association which
they aid to incorporate. They are not necessa-
rily, or generally, at the outset, wealthy, though by
the operation of a bank chatter they soon become
so; for it is one of the excellences of a bank
charter that it turns into money lenders those who
hare most need to borrow; nor have they neces-
sarily any credit, for the essence of modern bank-
ing is the " cridit lytitm," which is no more like
credit then a hone chestnut is like a chestnut
horse; they commence without cash and without
credit; and goiug on without work by the mere ma-
gic of a bank charter, by which they exchange
their own notes without interest for the
notes of others bearing interest, they draw
into their coffers |the wealth of the country,
roll in luxury and splendor; have their hordes
of officers and attorneys; command legislators and
Senators by their wealth; have, at their nod and
beck, thousands of debtor slaves; demand and carry,
in your State Legislatures, whatever their cupidity
may, from time to time, require; and furnish in
this country what the nobility of Great Britain
furnishes there—an aristocracy having ao feeling
or interest in common with the people at large,
bat considering them as their chartered privileges,
make them their hewers of wood and drawers of
water. Such are the institutions which many de-
sire should have the benefit of the public depo-
sites; and the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Cüshing] asked a day or two since,
where do the friends of the bill deposite their
money? Do they lay it away in a chest, or do
they deposite it with the banks? Theie is no doubt
that generally those who have any considerable
amount of paper money deposite it as speedily as
possible with a bank; and why? Let us see. Sup-
pose the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
receives ten or twenty thousand dollars in bills of
various banks, about the solvency oí which he
knows nothing, and can know nothing, would he
not be unwise if he kept mem over night? He would
as soon think -of keeping on band a cargo
of fresh fish. So if there is a bank in his neigh-
borhood which does not suspend ofiener than
once a year, he hastens to it with his paper
money, deposites it, and the bank has such a high
opinion of it, that it sends it back to the place*
where it was made, by the very first opportunity.
Sir, I doubt if there is a bank in the United States,
at this mom nt, whose bills the honoi able gentle-
man would feel safe in keeping for six months.
Mr. Chairman, when the people deal in solid
coin, there will be no need of that peculiar prompt-
ness with which all now act who have on hand any
paper money. There will be no need of playing
"Robin's alive" with*onr money, when we have it
in solid coin.   Then  let  the  banks suspend or
break: the mint drops will not suffer.
But we are told that the banks, t« be used as de-
positories, should oe good specie-paying, solvent,
honest banks! Where is such a one? Is it that
which suspended yestfrday? or the one that failed
outright the day before or th? one fn ra which the
cashier embezzled half a million last week? or that
which is expected to blow up to-morrow? An ho-
nest, solvent bank!—a white crow!
Mr. Cha<rman, it is said that this bill will cripple
the State banks. If it were calculated to have that
effect, it would not injure it, in my opinion. But
I deny this. In what way does it affect them? It
prevents no man from borrowing th«ir money, or
from receiving their notes; nor does it prevent them
from going on, as heretofore, in the full tide of pro-
fitable extortion: and the head and front of this
objection is, that, although the bill leaves the peo-
ple to he shaved, according to the bank charters of
the several States in such case made and provided,
it refuses to let the banks have the public money,
to aid them in that praiseworthy operation. You
cannot cripple the State banks; they are beyond
your control: and it is because you cannot regulate
them, that you should have nothing to do with
mem.
Again, sir, it is charged that this bill is an attack
upon the "credit system." If it could cut up that
system by the roots, eradicate it forever from the
land, it would be a glorious bill indeed. I am no
enemy to credit; it is the nerve and sinew of in-
dustry—the life blood of enterprise; it is as much
the property of aT individual who will earn it, as
his money or his farm. He that trims the mid-
night lamp to qualify himself for his business; he
that rises early, and sits up late, and eats the bread
of industry; he that squares his conduct by the
strictest rules of morality; will not fail to establish
with his fellow men a character for honesty, capa-
city, and industry; and that character is his credit.
But the "credit system" is, in all its moods and
tenses, a system of villany; and I appeal, without
fear of refutation, to the experience of this whole
country, under the operation of that system for the
last few years, for proof of what I say. It
has destroyed honest credit; it has almost destroyed
our commercial character; it has swept millions of
its blind devotees and innocent victims into the
whirlpool of irretrievable insolvency; it has car-
ried poverty and wretchedness into thousands of
humble dwelling*, which were before the abode of
competence and happiness; it has exchanged many
a happy home and fireside for the poor-house; it
has degraded the moral character of your people,
both at home and abroad; and your State sove-
reignties^—aye, sir, the hitherto sacred faith of your
States—has been under the "credit system," and
is now hawked about the streets of European cities
like a broken winded horse, by a town crier, and
finds no purchasers. I will give but one instance
of the effect of this system upon State credit, and
I do so with deep humiliation. The State of New
York, "my own, my native land," while carrying
on with careful energy and good husbandry her
magnificent public works, borrowed money upon
her credit. She pointed the money lender to her
income, and to her actual resources, for his secu-
rity; and her promise* to pay were eagerly sought
for, and taken at a premium of from five to ten
per cent. Within a year or two, the State, under
a "new impulse," has embarked under the aus-
pices of the "credit system;" and her stocks, in a
single year, fell twenty-two per cent, below par;*
and for every seventy-eight dollars the State re-
ceived, the farms of her people are mortgaged to
pay one hundred dollars, with the interest on the
one hundred dollars. Tiour money lender is no
fool; he knows that the prodigality which borrows
without the means of paying, is near akin to the
* The following paragraph is taken from the Journal of
Commerce, a leading Whig paper in the city of New York, of
September, 1839:
"A sale of 8100,000 New York and Eris Railroad stock, bear-
ing 4J percent, interest, payable quarterly in New York, was
maje on Saturday, at auction, under the direction of the
Comptroller, and taken by Messrs Prime, Ward, and King, as
follows: «10,1,00 at 79, «10,000 at 78§, «30,000 at 78, and «50,000
at 77}, the closing price. The stock is redeemable in 1859, and
was sold on term —one-third down, and the balance in thirty
and sixty days,"
morality which will repudiat* the debt when it falls
due. Sir, if this bill will destroy this source of
evil, and restore us a sound and healthy ciedit, its
passage should be announced from city to city, and
from village to village, by the ringing of bells and
the roaring of cannon.
Second. The bill proposes that the revenue, by
progressive proportions, shall eventually be collect-
ed in the only currency known to the Constitution
—solid coin.
A stranger to the influence which private inte-
rest has exerted upon the legislation of this country,
and to the all-pervading power of banking associa-
tions, would appear astonished, that under our na-
tional compact, the Government or its officers, had
ever presumed to authorize the receipt of any thing
«lse than coin for its revenue.
"Those who formed the Constitution were hard
money men," says a distinguished Senator. They
had seen the deplorable effects of a paper money
system, and they therefore recognised, in our trea-
ty of union, no money or currency but the precious
metals; and to prevent, if possible, the future use
of paper money, they expressly provided that it
should not be in the power of the States to make
any thing but gold and silver coin a legal tender
for the payment of debts. Such are the prohibi-
tions of the Constitution; but unfortunately there
is no barricado against cupidity; there is no law,
written or unwritten; there is no Constitution,
though purchased by the death of the brave and in-
scribed with the blood of patriots, which can ytay the
stealthy, serpent-like progress of crawling avarice.
In the teeth of your Constitution Congress passed a
law making the bills of a United States Bank re-
ceivable in the payment of revenue; and worse still,
by a resolution of 1816, Congress stamps the notes
of the United States Bank and the notes of other
banks, as an illegal currency—as a currency un-
known to the Constitution, and, therefore, no cur-
rency; and at the same time authorizes them to be
received for debts due to the people. The words
of that resolution fully bear me out in this position.
It provides that the Secretary of the Treasury shall
see that all debts due to the United States shall be
paid "in the legal currency of the United States, or in
notes of the Bank of the United States, or in notes
of banks which are payable or paid on demand."
Now does not this resolution show that the very
Congress which incorporated the United States
Bank, considered legal currency one thin , and
bank notes another thing, as indeed they are? Those
who oppose the specie clause of this bill are, of
course, in favor of receiving the notes of banks for
revenue, and, consequently, in favor of receivit g
for debts due to the people something which is not
known to the Constitution as money or currency,
and which has expressly been declared by a bank
Congress to be different from "the legal currency
of the United States."
Mr. Chairman: It is worth while to inquire
whether there is any good reason for blotting out
the Constitution and following some new light
kindled by private interest. The collection of re-
venue is understood to be, to enable the people to
discharge their debts—to pay their shipbuilders, tai-
lors, soldiers, &c. Now, did this Government,
from the time of its foundation to the present time,
ever contract a debt to be paid in any thing besides
the "legal currency of the United States?" I may
be mistaken, but I doubt if the opponents of this
bill, friendly as they are to the credit system, would
authorize any such contracts. Such being the
case, Mr. Chairman, is it the part of wisdom for
the people to collect what is due to them in a cur-
rency which they cannot pay out to their creditors!
But, say Ihey, none but the notes of specie pay-
ing banks—none but notes redeemable in specie,
should be received. A specie paying bank—an
egregious humbug! Redeemable notes—a monstrous
fallacy! Why, sir, there has grown up with this
credit system a technical jargon, which is flip-
pantly enough mouthed by "the trade," every
phrve of which is cunningly contrived to hide a
falsehood un^r the semblance of truth, or to set
ignonmce agape while his pocket is picked. Re-
deemable bank notes! There is no such thing—
there never was. The phrase is not applicable, in
troth, to any bank in this country which is doing
