m
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL ©LOBE.
June, ¿mo.
26th í2ow©-««'1st. Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Floyd.
H. of Reps.
a profitable business with its usual circulation out.
If a bank has one hundred thousand dollar  of
bills in circulation, witti but ten thousand dollars of
specie in i's vaults, those bills are not redeemable,
whether any have been refused or not—and when
the whole bank circulation is two or three hundred
millions of dollars, and there is not more than
eighty millions of dolíais in the country, in the
banks and out of them, that circulation is not re-
deemable; and it is untrue, except in the bank vo-
cabulary, to say that it is so. A single fact will
show you the meaning of the phrase "redeemable
notes," and will show the value ot notes which are
rsdeemable in bank parlance. On the 9th day of
May, 1837, every bank note in the city of New York
was redeemable in specie, according to the true
intent and meaning ot the bank jargon. Not a bill
had been refused payment—not a bank had refused
to pay such of its bills as were presented. On the
10th day of May, 1837, every bank note in the city of
New York was irredeemable—.not a dollar could be
gut for it—y et, sir, was it, in truth, worth any less on
the 10th of May than it was the day before? The
banks had the same specie on hand—the same
notes of their debtors—the same property of every
kind—the bank officers «ere as honest—yet, in the
twinkling of an eye, millions of paper money, just
such as the opponents of this bill would have you
receive, became just such as they would have you
«of receive; and this change, wh ch is at all times
liable to occur, you have no means to prevent, for
the local bank  are beyond your control; no fore-
sight can predict it, no sagacity arrest, no skill can
remedy. Sir, is it the part of wisdom to collect
your revenue in a currency so uncertain as this,
which to-day is.and to-m«rrow is noi? Your gold end
silver changes not; put it safe j* your strong box;
it is good to-morrow, next year, next century; it
loses neither weight nor value; it never suspends; it
is never irredeemable; your soldiers, and sailors,
and workmen will not refuse it, nor will they suf-
fer by its being below par. Put it on board your
men of war, and send it around the globe; the
country is yet undiscovered in which it is not
¿nownandapprecia'ed as a valuable circulating me-
dium. The experiment of receiving bank paper
for revenue has been tried, and it miserably failed.
The Government is yet suffering on account of the
non-payment by the banks of their notes, received
far revenue, 1 he notes of specie paying banks, notes
redeemable in specie received in 1836, and depo-
sited with the banks, are yet unpaid; and these
very institutions, which cannot, or will not, pay
their debts, insist, by their friends here, that you
fhould trust thom again. We are told, with some-
lung trf a chuckle of triumph, that the late Presi-
dent adopted the State bank deposite system, and
announced them, good and sufficient for all the
purposes of depositories; and we are urged to ad-
here to a system which he, " the noblest Roman of
them all," approved. Sir, tte fact and the argument
ahpw ¡he character of the two parties. In an evil
hoar, the Democratic party yielded to the clamor
o£ the baBks and merchants for the deposites, and
«rdered tbem to be made m the State banks. That
plan failed; they have abandoned it, determined to
trust thera no more, but to regaid tbe economy of
the old Scotch pioveib: " IJe that cheats me once
shame fa' him—if be cheat me twice, shame fa'
me "—while the party which " iearns nothing and
forget, nothing," would " totter on in blunders to
the last."
.,, Sir, there is another plan for keeping the public
money, and for furoisnin? a circulating medium,
and that is by a United States Bank; this, has, m
one instance, been avowed to be the measure
of the Opposition upon ihi« floor; and would, I
suppose, be generally acknowledged, were it not
that ¿uch an avowal would be a bJur upon the
«scutcceon of a party en whose banner is inscribed
" ornes, not principle." and -«hot* virtue, like
that of the Veueían worn  n, is "not to leave un-
done, bnt to keep unknown."
Mr. Chairman, it it is in the power of experience
to establish a truih, then is it proved beyond all
ijires'ion that tbe United States Bank was a failure.
l.spcak of it as a bank, and not as a Government
agent, supported and sustained by the money of
the people; and as a bank, I «ay it was a failure.
I appeal to tms whole country, whether from the
time that Bank ceased to be a Government B*ak;
rom the m iment it took a State charter; although
he that should have known best, declared it to be
a better charter than the other, and moie profitable
to the stockholders—I say, sir, I appeal to the
whole country, whether from that moment that
Bank did not take tbe down hill load; and alhough
in its steep down course, he who had directed its
destinies hitherto, deserted it, declaring it to be in
a prosperous condition—I ask whether that United
States Bank, with the same capital—a better char-
ter, the same d rectors, the same field of operations,
is not now in ruins? And, sir, if, while that Bank
was the Government agen', it wa« able to make ' riie
dividends, to pay large counsel fees to Senators
and Congressmen, to publish larse editions of poli-
titical electioneer tng pamphletb; and.tf when it ceased
to be a Government agent, it became insolvent;
is it not " confirmation strong as proof of Holy
Writ," that all those immense profits and means
of profligacy were drawn from tbe Government,
and not from its legitimate operations as a bank?
ABd yet, in the face of all these facts, a large
party in this country is in favor of such an institu-
tion. I should be at a lo^s to account for such an
obliquity of reason, did 1 not sometimes fancy
that I could hear the leaders of that party,
saying to each other in the language of Demetrius,
the silversmith: " Sirs, ye know that by this craft
we have our wealth."
It is further objected to this bill, and especially
to the specie clause, that its effect will be to está-
bil sa an exclusive metallic currency in this coun-
try. If such a result could be brought about by
degrees, so as to produce no commercial distress;
no sudden fluctuation in pi ices; no unjust effect
upon existing contracts, it were in my opinion a
consummation devou'ly to be wished. And, sir, I
rely upon the experience of tbe whole world, in all
ages, under all Governments, and under all dream-
s'anees, for the proof of what I say, when I assert
thai, from the time that Abraham bought the
cave ©f Machpelah of Ephron,the son of Zahf>r,for
which he paid "four hundred shekels of silver,
Current money with tbe merchant," down to the
present time, gold and silver have been "current
money" every where—while I assert that no paper
meney, which «as not guarantied by the faith of a
Government, ever passed as "current money " out
of the country in which is was made; and I ohal-
lenge the friends of paper money here or else where,
to point out that system of paper money, whether ot
a Government or of banks, whieh has not failed.
Sir, what is the objection to an exclusive metal-
lic currency—and I lay aside now the inconveni-
ence of the change, whatever that inconvenience
may be*—what is the objection? Why, you are
met at the threshold with the cry, there is not
enough—not enough? Did ever any one find out
how much would be enough? No man ever did.
No man ever can; and they who pretend to tell
you with any certainty, are, in my opinion, quack ,
who presóme upon the ignorance of others, to as-
sume a character for greater knowledge for them-
selves. I do not pretend to say how much is
enough; bnt this I know, that if in proportion to
our industry, enterpriie, and production, we did
not have a fair proportion of the gold and silver in
the world, it would be the first instance in which
the laws of trade, which, unchecked and untram-
melled, are the laws of God, failed to admin.ster
good and ample justice.
Another objection to a specie currency, is its in-
convenience of transportation. Well, sir, let us
see what this really amounts to—and the objection
comes, you will remember, from those who profess
themselves to be the hard rWed, hard working, log
cabin men. Fancy yourself, Mr. Chairman, stop-
ping at the log rabm of a Whig, in an Illinois
prairie, where what is lacking in choice viands
will, I dare say, be more than made up by a nsht
hearty welcome—and the good man of the house,
who has lately leceived a speech or one of his
fiiends here, is bemoaning the wretched state of the
country, and his own sad condition in particular—
and, among other things, laments that paper mo-
ney will not pass at tbe land office—that be wish-
es to enter a section of land adjoining his fatm,
for which he has the one hundred dollars of gold
in his chest, but that the inconvenience of trans-
portation is such, that he is compelled to forego the
purchase. You asir him how much the gold, ne-
cessary to pay for the land weighs, and be tells you
about five ounces! about as much as a good sized
jack-kii'fe!
Mr. Chairman, this is a fancy sketch—the log
cabin gentry of your cities may be bent to the
eartb, under a five ounce weight—but there is no
log cabin man in Illinois, and I have seen many of
them, who would look his horse m the face, and
utter such an absurdity. Sir, the good people of
this country would little know the extent of their
misery and suffering, but for the opposition efforts
here and elsewhere.
There is little danger, Mr. Chairman, but that
the merchant, who has half a million of dollars,
which he wishes to send fiom New York to Charles,
ton, will find the ways and means of doing it.
Your concern, and mine, should be to provide, so
far as we can, a good currency for the men of
small means—a class which comprehends nine-
tenths of the people of this country—that the man
who has ten dollars, and wishes to travel ten miles,
may have that which is valuable when he sets out,
and will not spoil before he reaches the end of his
journey.
Most heartily do I wish that a bank note below
the sum ot twenty dollars might never again be
seen in this country; that the hand-to-hand curren-
cy—that in which the mechanic receives bis month-
ly, and the laborer his weekly wages—might be in
the precious metals, upon which he would be
eharged no discount; of which he could lay by a
small portion for a rainy day without fear of its
spoiling; and in which he would no longer be the
victim of that most corrent form of scoundrehsm,
counterfeit and depreciated bank paper. Sir, the
losses by counterfeits and broken banks fall most
grievously and almost exclusively upon tbe poor
man. I do not doubt that the meichant, who re-
ceives a million of dollars a year, suffers less in
this w?y than the laborer, who gets but a hundred
and fifty. The fiist, never moves without his
counterfeit detector and his weekly or daily list of
broken bank ; and if, by chance, he takes a bill
wh-ch is below par, one which his deposite bank
will not receive, it will nevertheless answer per-
fectly well to pass away to his cartman or porter,
when Saturday Dight comes; and he, sir, takes ft
to the grocer to purchase provisions for bis family,
and there suffers a deduction of five, ten, or fifteen
percent, from his earnings. Sir, if your moneyed
men lost as much in proportion as tbe working
classes do by bank piper, every bank charter would
be repealed in six months. Dees the laboring
man complain? To whom shall he utter his com-
plaints-? To his employer, think you? He áure
not: he must submit; his family must eat less, or
perhaps starve more; another boy or girl most be
taken from school and put to service for a bare
liviHg; and him that is cheated, wroBged, defraude ',
his bard earnings wrung from him each Saturday
night by this damnable system of legalized indi-
rection, Monday morning's sun must find at
work without a murmur, or it will find [hint dis-
charged.
I would that this bill might have one half tfct
effect in bringing about b metallic circulating n«s
dium that its enemies attribute to it. I should
then think still better of it than I do. But it wlH
do something; it will at least prevent the people*
money from being used to sustain anti-Republican
institutions; it will take a little power of doing in-
jury from them. They can, under this bill, no
longer beat the cripple with his own crutch; they
can no longer lend the people their own money,
and, by their most approved deposite system, mak 
the owner of money pay interest while he is being
cheated out of the principal.
The monetary affairs of this nation will no lon-
ger be subject to irresponsible corporation*; it will
be at least refusing the sanction of dm Govern-
ment to the creation, or the perpetuity of a distinct
and privileged class, forming a moneyed aristocra-
cy, more odious anH more dangeious than any
other aristocracy whi *i ever existed, becaase their
privileges are stolen from the mass of •the' ptopl ,
