i***... mo.
APPENDIX Tft T?HE, CONGERSSEpN^T; QLORE.
26th Cono-.....IstSess.
I.idepet'dent Treasury—Mr. Lucas.
H. ot Reps
.....*. i'    til—
and their imjwoee income is an immense extor-
ion. This bill effecs, in this most desirable re-
form, but little; it can effect but lutle; the subject
t s not one ou which you can exercise a direct and
effirent authority; the subject is under ihe control
of ihe Sta'e Governments. Had we the power, I
should be in favor of doine much more than this
bul Oí'\ do.to check the rapid strides uf the money-
ed oligarchy, for, as I live, t believe that the ftist
civil war which this country sees, wi 1 be a ri~ ra
of tne people to demand a restorat.on of their riehis,
which have been apportioned out by your legisla-
tors among the favored Tew. And if úiii sv.stem is
to go on increases: in all its blastm?, withering
influence* op™ the prosperity of the people, the
moral chara, ter of the country, and the honor of
your G jvernme-it, f\* sooner that crisis -rrives the
better; and when it does come, may God speed the
right.
Mr. F. concluded hi* remarks at the hour ot 8
o'clock, p. m.; at which hoar
Mr. BARNARD obtained the floor; and, oh his
motion, die committee ros€, and
The House adjourned.
SPEECH OF MR. LUCAS,
OF VIRGINIA
J  the Howe of Representafivrs, Jajij, 1840—In
Commit'ee of the Who!* on tire -tale of the
Union, on the bill to provee fojf the collertion,
safek«epiag, transfer, acj disjfiirsement of the
public revenue.               j    f
Mr. LUCAS addressed ffom committee substan-
tially as follow?:                 /'
Mr. Chairman: The majtf object of this bill is
to provide for the safekeeping of the revenues of
the Federal Government during the intermediate
space between the collection and disbursement.
These revenues, independent of those arising un-
der the Post office Department, con-iít of the du-
ties imposed on importations of foreign good«,
which the importers pay to our custom-house offi-
cers, stationed at our ports, and appointed by tne
Executive, with tne advise and consent of the Se-
ñale, and held, by existing laws, to bond and
secaiity for the faithful performance of their do-
ties; and, secondly, of the proceeds ©f our public
lands, which are also paid into the nands of another
set of receivers, !©tfated at the several land offices
established by authority; and, also, commissioned
by the President, with the advice and consent of
the Senate, and held to bond and secdrky in like
manner.
Tnese are the revenues from lime to time accru-
ing to the Government, and such, sir, the sources
fPBBa which they are derived, for the safekeeping of
which, during the period indicated, the bill pro-
poses f  provide.
In practice these revenues have always been,
from the foundation of ihe Government, collected
and received bjrpublic officers thas appointed.and,
a'so, disbursed in like manner, by another set ap-
pointed ia the same way. So that in point of fact,
the hundreds of millions of public revenue, which
hare thus accrued since the establishment of the
Government, have passed through the hands of col-
lect >rs and receiver*, in its collection, and then
again, in the payment out, through the hands of
disbursing officers, and thus ihe whole has passed
twice through the handset different sets of public
agents, and all appointed by the Executive, with
the advice and consent of the Senate; and so must
all that shall hereafter acsrue, wherever and how-
ever we may provide for its safekeeping in the
mean time. And I affirm in this connection,* upon
the faun of our public records, that onr revenues
have been ihiis col'ected and disbursed by these
numerous agents, w.th bu*, eomparaüetl^ tnfliagloís
to Government, upon the whole amount, taking in
and including the whole entire period of our bisto-
rr, and in this' respect, this bill proposes no change,
except to throw s<im-additional guards and coun-
terchecks around these officer , and the maimer of
the  diicharsr.ng their duties, the fietterto secure
they faithfjt and regular perfoi¡nance, and the
safety of the public mmey.jn its passage into and
through their hands; and na other change herein
than thir can be made. Collecting and disburs-
ing office innot be dispensed wath. Collections
3
and d sbursem.-nts must continue to be made thus.
I say they musí, sir, under any system which i' is-
possible to adopt for the safekeeping of our teve-
nu. s. It was the piactice before, and during, the
existence of the first and last United States Bink;
and, also, during the State bank deposite sys-
tem.
Now, sir, for the mode which this bill actually
proposes. A plan analysis of its provisions will
now place the subject fairly in one connected view
as candor requires it should be exhibited.
1 What is Ihe plan? Smply, sr, that theGovern-
I ment shall keep in its Treasury, which the bill will
e tablish, as well as eolket and d ¡>burse its own
I   m.mey by its own offi ers. In other words, and
j more detail, the bill providps that the Government
¡  revenues shall be kept, according to law, in  its
Treasury, by it to be established, and as it alwavs
! has been col'ec'ed and disburse^; by its own effi-
j cers, to be appoin'ed in the same way as those are,
!  and always have been, who collect and receive it
in the first place, and as those are and always have
Í been who disburse; and to be also' held, in like
j, manner, to bond and security, for the faithful per-
i, foiBiaiceof their duties. It next, by new provi-
i sions, prohibits them from using or loaning the
! same—provides ru'es of rigid accountability—re-
. quires frequent settlements—throws every possible
! | guard and check cf this kind around it, to prevent
and detect its beinj uied or loaned, which it pro-
!  nounces embezzlement, and that a felony, against
II   which it denounces severe punishment, declaring
j that any collector, keeper, or disbursing officer, who
i  shall offend herein, upon due conviction, shall suf-
II  fer not less than six months', n r more than five
¡ i } ears', imprisonment in the penitentiary, besides
j being subjected to a fine equal to the amount em-
1 • bezzled.   And that the Treasury may hereafter be
'■' fixed and have locality, and more than a name, it
'j declares that separate rooms, to be furnished with
I  vaults and'fireproof safes, shall be provided in the
|  new Treasury building m this city, which shall be
i  "the Treasury of the United States," and be udder
!  'he keeping and control of the Treasurer of the
1  United States; and as the amount of revenue ac-
' cruing in the following places is large, it required
j  that like rooms, with similar vau'ts and safes, {■hall
1  be provided in the custom-houses at Boston, New
I York, Charleston, and St. Louis, to be under the
' care and keeping each of a receiver general and
assistant*; and designates the Mirt at Pniladel-
phia, and the Branch Mint at New Orleans, for the
same purpose in those place , and the treasurers
as the  keeper^ which, may be  considered" as
branches, or necessary* parts of the common Trea-
sury.   While under the clause, familiarly called
the specie clause, one-fourth part of the revenue
is required to be collected in gold and silver the
fiist year, one-ha'f the second, three-fourths the
third, an 1 in Jane, 1843, the whole amount; so
thai from that period, the revenues of the Federal'
Government will all be collected, kept, and dis-
bursed in the constitutional currency.
This is the Sub-Treasury, or Independent Trea-
sury, which ths bill will provide for the safekeep-
ing of the revenues of the General Government in
its own Treasury, under its own officers, discon-
nected from, and independent of, banks and corpo-
rations, national or Siate; which will secure from
the disasters incident to si/ch union, and the evils
of receiving bank paper money—disasters ,and
evils which experience proves will inevitably fol-
low revulsions in trade, which produce bank suspen-
sions, and which are occasioned by bank expansions
^nd contractions, as cerainly as that the tide flows
and ebbs. This is what the bill will effect, which
will only be complying at last with the constitu-
tional requisition, to collect is the only " legal ten-
der," which every creditor ffiay demand, and pay
it  the same, and to keep our money in the Trea-
sury oí the United States; for having failed so long
so to do, we have sadly suffered.
Wfl>, then,,is the measure «o bitterly opposed?
Sir, bv wham, js it .so, opposed) $ w,i]l draw the
line becwepnthe friends and 'Opponents, áadiroake
tne is-ue direct. How stands ihe faqi? Tne D§-
mocatatic party, sir, advocate ii, the Whig party
opt ose it. And what is the Whig*party for? For
nothing, sir.   That would be discreditable to their
pa riotism. To come to tht point, are nut ati who
opp >se it either the ad.vocaes of a Nau^nal 'Bank,'
or of the Sta'e bank deposite system? 1st th«re
any fourth or oiher plan than ihe*e three? No,
sir, no other has ever yet been hear ) or. t a;sume
this ptsitio.) as undeniable The Wnig party; theii^
would have no United Stat s Tna-ury.'but -a;
United States Kank.o- a league of Sta'e bailas, and
insiit that the Governm -^ ougit not to collect i'S
dues and pay its debts in the constitutional corren'-
cy, but shmuld receive and pay outpaper rrcnBVw
such as these uncoutrol'abls corporations wi 1 fur*
nish without limit. Fur the historv of banks in all
countries proves you canna regulate their irires.
And such paper m-uiey as they will issue, and re-
issue when collected, i* t > be kept by the e corpo-
rations to u*e and tra le upon', to be as capital, artd.to
constitute th-* bisis of new issuer—«ntiey that may
be current to-day, inconvenible and worthless to-
morrow ; an arrangement by which, in violator
of the spirit of the Cons'ilution, and of ev.-ry prin-
ciple of equality and justice, onecorporano", or a
few, to the exclusion of the great body cf the-peo-
ple, are to be favored, and loaned the whole reve-
nue and credit of this common G'terrment',
almost indefinitely—its vau treasurer, its mi.I.ons
and millions!   And what is the proces-?
Paper money is first issued by these corpora-
tions, then asain received by them on deposite, to
be thencé redrawn again into circularon i«i d ?-
buruements, and so on, in a c.rcle—and all this
through the ajency of this hard mooey GoVerh-
meut, with a Constitution that recrgnises nothing
but gold and silver as a legal tender—forbids pri-
vileged orders—requires equal laws, even-handed1
justice, equal burdens, and which repudiates the
idea of special favors—an arrangement toa  make3
the Government, in violation of these sacred prin*
ciples, not oaly the receiver, depositor, and dis-
bnrser of paper money, instead of the constitu-
tional currency, but the agent of these corpora-
tions to expel it, and substitute their promt«sory
notes, wheteby it becomes accessary to revulsions
and suspensions, wbleh visit, sir, periodically, los^-
and suffering upon the many to favor the few.
Is it strange, then, that it should ftow, after all
that has happened from its past connection in this
way, with banks, and the reccpt of their paper,
propose to return to the Const tution, by ihe alop-
tion of this measure? Why not do ¡.o? Is it pre-
tended by any, it is not sanctioned by the Coiisti-
siitotiott? Not at all, sir. On the contrary, th.it
has been always universally r-dmitted; a¿id not
only so, bat it has- been often shown' that this is
the vary mode Of collecting and keeping otw
mone^ iMended toy Ihe franers of out Con-
stitution—-men who were too v ise and joalous of
their liberties, to entrust the Government with the
keeping of its own money, if frausht wi'h afrv of
the dangers asserted. Sir, whatever'doubt there
may-exist aboni the constructive power under the
Constitution to incorporate a bank, there can be
none about the intenti©  of its ftamets. There
cannot possibly be tie shadow of a'doubt, ihat> ir
was not intended by them wé should créale A Na-
tional Bank; for the proposition came op; in ti 
Convention in several shapes, and was rcjeWed
¿ach time. Th* "power to emu bills of raedit; 1
being inserted in the original diaftof the Consatq.
Hon, these words were expres-ly strieken ©at an-i
rejected by a vote of 9 States to 2. (See-'paga
I343j'Madison papers, vol 3; and pages 13S4,i
1576, and 1577) Where the propcsiiL'n the pow-
er to grant charters of incorporation and an aCw?oW
ment-to the same to create a bank wasipewitivsly
rejected by 8 States to 3.                       -i.  ■
The fact that we have created t«"o National
Banks, claiming the power bv .rtip1)C>t«oh-, in the
teeth of these repeated rejection*-of'the proposi-
tion to confer the p iwer, does not confftct wuh my
position, ihat ihe framers cf the C-nstitunon did
not in fact in'enl to give the r< ht, and d'd not
grant i-,'fio.n wh'ch h nec-s*anly folio «s, thn
they did not and could nrt have inteudel that our
rational treasure should be kept m a National
Batik,.because uVy cou'd not have intended it
should be kept in an institution which they not only
did not design to give the Government power to
create, bat thus actually refused to grant it.   And
