June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
26th CoMG...-tST Sess,
Independent Treasury—Mr. Lucas.
H. oí Reps.
which instantly became inconvertible and irredeem-
able, they suddenly let down, and left the Govern-
ment to stop also, for the want of funds; a thing
unprecedented in history, which it was that induced
the President to recommend the adoption of the re-
medy under consideration. Sir, what were the
causes of that revu'siou? Does any one now1 doubt
but that it was overbankmg, stimulating over-
trading id England and this country, that led to
that catastrophe? Of these impulses and the con-
sequences in Eugland, of ttus overbankmg and
trading there, and of the dises ers, we have a glow-
ing description in the Manchester report, (extracts
from which Mr. L. here said he would include io
his speech, if he wrote it tut.)
* In ttus country, we all know the stimulating
causes. We know the one hundred and fifty or
one hundred and sixty millions of State stocks from
time to time thrown into the foreign market, wrh
oar enormous revenues arising under our high ta-
riff, which poured their flood into the depo i e banks
at the rate of so many millions, and which was
swelled by the overbankmg and overtrading in
England, anu by the course of the United States
Bank co-operating heie, led to and filled the t de
that overwhelmed u¡>. Recorded facts prove this.
The average excess of our imports over exports
fiom 1832 to 1837, was about tiventy-four millions
each year, and some fifty millions in 1836 alone,
with aa excess of at least eight millions of specie,
flowing io annually during the same period, drained
partly from the Bank of England, and the return,
this excess of specie in part of the sales of State
stocks, while the balance no doubt came in mer-
chandise, through the contrivance of the banks, and
helped to swell the amount of the tariff duties.
These vast revenues, flowing into the deposits
banks,stimulated and enabled them to extend their
circulation ana discounts, with the co-operation of
the United States Bank, to almost an incredible
amount. For, ill-fated policy led to the insertion
of a provision in the law which not merely invited,
bot as it were, compelled the deposite banks to ex-
pand. The same causes started up new banks
throughout the Uaion—and all alike extended their
circulation a ad discounts until every branch of
business was overdone, and every channel of trade
fotf to overDowmg. The wildest speculations were
projected. Men every where became rabid for gain,
and the whote country rife with speculation. The
sales of the public land  increased trom some eleven
millions in 1833 and 1834, to some
in 1835 and 1836, and the last year (1836) were
about twenty-four ini'hons: and the excess of our
impoits over exports, also amounted that year to
some fifty millions, as before mentioned. Still spe-
culators could be seen flocKing around our wild do-
main. This was the process. Borrowing of banks,
buying with their paper, paying in ihe same, and the
deposite banks receiving and reissuing on the same,
in an endless circle, which threatened to exhaust the
• whole, and to convert it into wortiless bank paper
in exchange, till General Jackson i*sued thi specie
circular, tnat much denounced measure, productive
of S3 much good, which put a stop to the process
In this situation of affaiis of bloated prosperity
and redundant paper currency, a revulsion com-
menced in England. The Bank of England be-
gan to contract—the other banks were, in turn,
seized with panic—suddenly, every interest and
every branch of trade was suffering paralysis, till
the whole kingdom was seen writhing under the
torturing operation of a general contraction, begun
by the great regulator, the Bank of England, and
followed by the rest. The revvlsion, as depicted
m the Manches'er report, was awtul. Its effects
immediately reach us; the chord of sympathy unit-
ing our systems violently vibrates; suddenly, to the
utter surprise of the great interior of the country,
alarm begins in this country; presently, some of the
most extensive mercantile and manulactunng esta-
blishments, and many of the principal house*, and
firms in New York, Philadelphia, and the rest of
our cities along the great chart of trade, begin to
totter and fall, dragging down with their crash hun-
dreds and thousands, some failing for thousands,
some for • hundreds of thousands, and not
a few for millions and millions! The great
agricultural mass, and other laboring classes, com-
posing the great body of the nation, who personal-
ly have nothing to do with banks, never see inside of
them, but are engaged at home, in peace and quiet,
earning their bread by the sweat of their brow, are
aroused as from a dream. They know not what is the
cause, but the city papers have brought them the
new~; the next arrival brings the account of a suspen-
s on ot the bank*. And what wa* the acting agency
forcing on the scene. Simply as I have said, over-
banking and trading had taken place in England
and this country, which from our ci nnected bank-
ing and credit systems, and our commercial rela-
tions, must necessarily happen; and the shock
having commenced in EngUnd, by the course of
the bank of En¿land as just described, the thing
is inevitable. Our banks seeing the coming storm,
have prepared to meet it. They have overbanked
like the banks in England, and must fallow their
example—accord ngly, with our great regular at
their head, thpy simultaneously cea ed to disccunt,
and commenced curtailing and contracting; tLey
h<ve from four to ten paper dollars out, for every
dollar of specie in their vaults; they refuse further
loans, and call in tneir paper and debts, and their
customers, in debt, many of them, at home and
abroad, thus cut off, on the one hand, and pressed
on the other, must stop business; andas one pu«h
makes more, so one stop makes many. The rush
commences—the crash begins—the scene of roin
widens over the Union; thus from country to coun-
try, from city to city, from house to house, and
from man to man, in almost an endless chain,
till distress and bankrupcy overwhelm almost
without number. Then is ripened a plentiful har-
vest; forced sales of the unfortunate poor begin; at
which speculators, and the few u o rich to be much
affected, fatten on tVe spoils of these bank brok
victims They more than repair their losses
out of the suffering poor. And what shall stop
the scene? Nothing, sir, not even in this free land.
As well you attempt to allay the raging sea at lull
tide, with a ppbble, as pass *tay laws. It most
turn its course. It must calm itself. The banks
must have their time to resume, which they Can-
not do, till they continue long enough the applica-
tion of the torturing sCiew, to call in their paper
and deb.s, and replenish their specie. They are
above all law. You dare not compel them to re-
sume at once. They would grind their debtors,
and their paper depreciate to nothing. They will
resume in their own time, which* means when they
get ready, whiorrsometimes means, just when they
please, to suit the state of politics. In the mean
time the country must writhe out its year or more
of agony, which produces an awful ebb in the tide
of business and the prosperity of the whole nation,
and a woful ebb in the fortunes and prospects of
thou ands and thousands, with no returning flow.
They may date their ruin back to the the crisis,
and drag out the rest of life in poverty. And
without reform, what better is there in prospect?
How often shall we have suspensions after suspen-
sions.
But honorable gentlemen may urge, though I am
not aware that it has yet been, that as the deposite
banks, wi h the indulgiré that was extended them
and the merchants on their bonds at the called ses-
sion, have been able able to pay up since, without
loss to Government in the end, the argument
agamst the deposite system has little force.
But will any honorable gentleman tell me, if the
Government had not given them time, how much
we should then have lo^—how many banks and
merchants would have failed—and what wonld
have been the full extent of bank paper deprecia-
tion throughout the Union? And if the Adminis-
tration had cared only for itself and office holders,
as so often charged, and if its principles and policy
led it to war on ths banks and the credit system,
and "to take care of l'S-lf, and leave the people to
take care of themselves," weuld the President have
recommended, and "the party" have passed, re-
lief laws for these delinquent banks and mer-
chants?
And if we had not done this, I ask, what would
the people have suffered, saying nothing about loss
to Government, in addition to what they actually
did suffer from that bank catastrophe? Can any
man estimate it?   But, sir, I stop not here.   In
talking about losses sustained by Government from
its past connection with banks, by defalcations, and
fn in the receipt of depreciated bank paper, in pay-
ment of its revenues, in comparison with its losses
by collectng and disbursing officers, and document
No. 10, of this House last Congress, with the re-
port rf the Committee of Ways and Means there-
in referred to, of 1830, from Mr. McDaffie, shows
thdt the losses by the banks have been the greatest.
I ask any gentleman to tell me, as I am not for
separating ti e Government from the people, nor
their losses, what the people Tiave suffered alto-
gether, first and las', from repeated bank suspen-
s.ons, broken banks, depreciated bank paper, de-
rangjment in ihe cutrency, and sudden falls in
prices of produce, labor, and property? I ask, but
I expect no answer, Who could estimate the
whole amount, or even the interest? I do not look
back to the days of the Revolution to include the
three hundred millions of paper (I give the lowest
estimate) that perished on the hands of our fathers.
Let the losses during that trying struagle pass for-
gotten. I only go back fo 1811, and include the
successive expansions, contractions, and suspen-
sions up to the present—say the expansions in
1814, 1817, 1818, 1823, 1831, and 1834, and those
since. Every body must remember these, and the
ruinous contractions which followed. Mr. Galla-
tin's report at the Philadelphia convention states
that no less than 165 banks broke and blew np
from 1811 to 1830. He does not state how many
millions of paper dollars they altogether had oat,
that died on the hands of the unfortunate holders,
and no one knows; but all must know the amount
was enormous! But the report of the Committee
of Ways and Means, by Mr. McDuffie, oí 1830,
informs us—
"The Government bojrowed, during the short period of the
war. eighty millions of dollars, at an average discount of 15 per
cent; giving certificates of stock, amountiug to eighty million!
of dollars, in exchange for sixty eight millions of dollars, in such
bank paper as could be obtained In this statement Treasury
notes are considered as stock of 20 per cent discount Upon the
very face of the transaction, therefore, there was a loss of twelve
millions of dollars " &c.
The report again proceeds:
"But the sum ol sixty-eigkt millions of dollars received by
the Government, was in a depreciated currency, not more than
half as valuable as that in which the stock given in exchange for
it has been, and will be, redeemed. Here, then, is a loss of
thirty four million's, resulting incontestdbly from the deprecia-
tion of the currency, making, with the sum lost by the dis-
count, forty six millions ol dollars "
And the said document, No. 10, proves our whele
losses by public officers only some eight millions
altogether. These were losses to the Government
only.
But, I ask, what have been the losses of the peo-
ple? How many thousands were caught in each
net drawn by each contraction after an expansion,
and what the amount of loss upon the whole, and
what the suffering in every form? Look at the mil-
l.ons and millions of property of every kind in the
whole country—the multipl.city of contacts and
transactions between man and man, including sales
and purchases of land, and all kinds of property;
and the vast amount qf demands and debts exist-
ing between so many people at each crisis; and the
course ot business, and the sudden fall of prices.
Baying on credit when every thing was high, by
reason of the undue expansion, making money
plenty, and bloating prices, and having to pay
when the contraction followed, and prices fell, with
the scarcity of money; one creditor, then, breaking
up his debtor, and he himself, in tarn, being bro-
ken up by another, and so on, through the length-
ened train of thousands and thousands.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Ramsey] gave us the other day an account of
the scenes in his State, as set sorth in a report to
the Legislature. It seems some thirty banks, on
one occasion, were created in that State at a time;
an«! the honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Underwood] who preceded me. also informed ns
how it was in his State, where, he says, about forty
odd banks were made at one session, about the
same period. And jou, sir, well remember how it,
was in Virgnia. In my native county, I recollect'
lands ranging during the expansion from fifty to
seventy dollars per acre, suddenly fell to a range
of from fifteen to thirty dollars per acre, and the
prices of every thing in proportion. Men bought
during the expansion, and improved, after paying
