9k.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, I840t
g^f<VP'< '" 1>T Sess-
Independent Treasury—Mr. Lucas.
H. of Heps.
hiffttie-pnrchlie in cash, and in a short time,
when contraction came, had the same farms sold
from Aon, under trust deeds, to the vendor-t for
the balance, without satisfying it, even with their
improvements in. They test what they had paid,
lost the land, and their improvements, and were
broken up; and not a few transferred from their
new homes to the public jail! And it appears it was
even worse in Pennsylvania and Kentucky, where
they had made more banks.
Sir, could the records of this whole land, of all
the coartt in the country, ana the memories of all
the sufferers and vicums of bank sacrifice, cover-
ing the whole period since 18ll, and taking in
each crisis, be drawn upon for the simple facts as
they occurred, and the amount of losses and every
case of suffering be put down in parallel columns
in one vast book; one side presenting the number
of salts, judgments, and executions, with the gross
amounts  of. each, costs and fees included; the
omer.each case of calamitous issue thus produced,
not of record in court, but in sad memory, if such
a things could be done, and that mighty book could
be spread "tut in our midst ihJs moment, in this
haH, tF this spacious hall could bold such a book,
eéaltf DoTrofaftlt gentlemen bare the heart to look
uptm that vacst book, and the amount, and stand
tip hete and tantalize ns, and denounce a measure
intended to save the revenues of the Government
frtfm disaster, and interpose some check upon these
banks, to prevent these   expansions and ruinous
contractions,    and    the    recurrence   of   similar
scenes!   Ah! sir, if such a book conld be spread
out before   the   body   of   the   people—the great
bearing" classes,  who lived   by    their   labor—
have nothing to do with banks, and with whom the
banks will bare nothing to do—who never inside of
banks or the bank built palaces of the rich, who
lítfej off bf their labor alone—how long, ih nk you,
sic, their, pal:ence  would bear, after we had told
tb^mheaesily the whole truth, that it is the laboring
mas  at last, that suffers most, by the working up
and «to «a of this miserable system, such as no oiher
e< unury has ever tolerated; for it is better in Eng-
land?. Take the last twenty-eight years, and the
repetition of tbe*e scenes is without a parallel in the
rjMory of the world.   Sir, by the operation of this
system, aitd even under the reign of the boasted
regulator,   1  unhesitatingly  say, thousands  and
thousands have been consigned, at each successive
suspension, without crime or fault, to bankruptcy,
powhouses, anil pri-ons, and iheir innocent lam -
lies' to beggary, in this free and wide «pread land of
plemy!   I assert, sir, that by every suspension lrom
Hji4   W the   present,   millions  of property   at
each    crisis   have    passed,    by   the    process,
and the greatest portion ot the whole, from the la-
boring classes, ruined by the sudden contractions of
these privileged corporations, owned by a few, into
the hands of speculators, who labor not at all, or
of those who Were so rich, that when property fell
one half in price, still had the means at their com-
mand to hoy and rt^mr their losses out of the sacri-
ficed properly of these whose all was little, and
that sold under the hammer.   I mean the laboring
ptKT, who, when their all is thus swept, yet roust
áteet in the face the misery of low  wages, lor
wages ^t- Such times, in the general  decline of
prices, are the first to fall.   I repeat it, the na'ural,
nfecessary -working of the svsum is, nnder these
sodden change, to transfer the property of the la-
boring classes mto the hauds of speculators, and
those of the rich.   As wages fall first, those de-
pendent on their labor are the first to get in debt,
líe Srat sold oui, and the very class without means
\¿'laéf, and who feel keenest and deepest when
thus beggared, the rib of low wages, while the spe-
culator t>nj s their sacrificed property, and prows
ritifr; bt tjtie next expansion by holding on; so the
ii¿h, who have much, retain what they have, and
repair 'thVir5 irese^ \>y buying barpams at sates.
This i* the necessary operation of a system that fa-
vors rhe few  with loan- , and robs nut, and then
roWé *# rainy.    What has made so many rich
and afrjnanjr podr1, in your large cittes?   What has
converted htfifolir people almost into speculator-?
WhaVbas swelled the fortunes of a few in England
into millions, and made paupers of about one third
of her entire population, and is doing the sam
thing in our bank c ties, but the working of this
open and shut systpm, from all conaecion w.th
which this bill propo esto relieve this Government,
and to remedy, to some good degree, the fluctua-
tions of the system itsett?
These suspensions have occurred in this country,
and all since 1816, under the regulation of the
United S'ates Bink, when no act of this Govern- ■
ment, up to 1833, was ever blamed as producing
them—when there was no removal of the deposites,
and no specie circular, but when banks had the
furnishing and regulation of the currency, and the
keeping of our vast revenues, to trade upon free of
charge, to aid 'heir system of favoritism, to make
"the rich richer, an4 the poor poorer."
Who, then, is forthereadoptionof theState bank
deposite system? The Whig party? Has a single
gentleman come out for it? No, sir; not one. What
party opposed its inceptive introduction at the time
of the removal of the deposites from ths United
States Bank into them? They afterwards opposed
the passage of the law to regulate the system. They
denounced it afterwards as "the pet bank system,"
and predicted it would fail and explode, as it did.
And it is matter of history that they timely sought,
wiih the aid of a portion of the Democratic party,
to secure the recharter of the United S'ates Bank,
which lent its vast power and patronage to carry
the measure. Its expansions and contractions,and
the writhing of the people under the screw at the
critical moment, is not forgottem; nor the subse-
quent conduct of that institution to defeat the re-
election of Gen. Jackson, who, after the act to re-
charter was carried through both branches of Con-
gress, put his veto upon it, which the people rati-
fied by re-electing him by an overwhelming ma-'
jority.
What did the Whig party next do after this veto,
for which act they denounced the "hero of two
wars," and the President of the people, as a ty-
rant and despot? Did they fall into the support of
of the denounced pet bank system? Never, sir,
till it had failed and exploded, and fulfilled their
prediction, and was abandoned, from necessity, by
the Democratic party, and this Independent Trea-
sury recommended and taken up. They then, as
if disbelieving in their own prediction*, at the mo-
ment of their fulfilment, opposed the Sub-Treasury,
without presentir g any scheme, or avowing them-
selves for the deposite system or a National Bank.
But they opposed the Sub-Treasury, and doubtless
the mass of ihe pany, with thrir great leader, pre-
ferred the Sta'e bank system to it. And why? Be-
cause ÚVy viewed it, as he declared he did, as a
convenient "half-way-house" to a National Bank;
because they believed it would fail again, and end
in that? No, sir, that parly never has been for the
pet bank system, but has looked forward with
anxiety to another National Bank. That party,
aided by a portion of the Democracy, about the
exp'ration of the charier of tne late bank, procured
an act (rom the Legislature of Pennsylvania, con-
tinuing its existence, with the same namr, with the
addition of Pennsylvania, the same capital, the
same stockholders, with increased powers and pri-
vileges, and the same president and other officer?
retained, and Jcven its i Id books, that it might go
right on; and it did, and shortly after, armed itself
still fuither, by Establishing a new agency abroad,
where so much of its capital was, and still is held.
There, where ruled, and now rules its great proto-
type, in that "sea-girt isle," where rolh around the
bank-built palaces of the few perpetually, the tide
of wealth, drawn from the labor of the many—the
laboring poor, who toil sixteen hours out of the
twenty-four each day, to gain a mere living, leav-
ing a pauper list of millions groaning in squalid po-
verty, dependent on the scanty crumbs of public
and private bounty, for existence, under "hope de-
ferred." A slate of thing?, I agiin say, our bank-
ing and itscredit system is beginning to present here,
in our large cities, where banks and money have
sway, ai d but for the lengih and breadth of our
rich and cheap domain, would grind their victims
with n.ore facility, owing o the greater density of
population that would have grown up. Thisprt
institution was thus continued, and glory was
claimed for the triumph. It was still to be the ba-
lance wheel of the paper and credit sys'em, aad
great regulator of the currency; and was even pro.
nounced by its distinguished president, "stronger
than before."
Ytti, after this^rand flourish, and after it« great
head had even grac.ously announced, moreover,
the restoration of peace between the two contend-
ing parties, his bank an I this Gqvern ment, soon
came the grand suspension, ih May, 1837; and the
Government of th s Republic wa«, by tne catastro-
phe, brought, almost in a day, by a bank crisis, to
a sudden pause in it? course, with between thirty
and forty millions of revenue on hand. And
where would honorable gentlemen tell the world it
was? Why, in the Treasury of the United States!
Yes, sir, with this immense amount of reve-
nue, and all the world at peace, and when,
just before, the times were most prosperous—
nothing but one universal gale of prosp>rry seen
setting in from every quarter, and eauh teeming
with a superabundance of every production—at
such a time as this, the country is convulsed, and
Government itself brought to the point of supping,
as it were in an hour, with this great regulator,
timely chartered, and continued without a mo-
ment's suspense, in full power and operation, and
this Government, the while, sustaining and cherish-
ing your select, best State banks, with its vast re-
venues !
In this state of things, the President was obliged
to call Congress together to devise and provide re-
lief for Government, banks, and people. He did
so, and recommended indulgence to these delin-
quent banks, and to the merchants, and the is-
suing of Treasury notes, on i's credit, to enable
it to do this; and, to secure the Government in fu-
ture, in peace and war, from similar catastrophes,
he urged a perpetual divorce between Government
and banks, and the measure proposed, in this bill,
an alternative thus fuiced upon the Government,
as it were, by the banks and merchants, for, by
that state of things which they had brought on
the country, the Government, and themselves, it
became necessary.
And what else could he do?   He could not re-
commend a National Bank.    He had just come
into office under a solemn pledge, that he held this
Government had no constitutional right to create
such an institution.   So both his oath and his ho-
nor forbade.   Besides, he came in pledged " o tread
in the footsteps" of him who had vetoed a bank
bill, which   the people approved.    On  the oiher
hand, there lay befurj hi* eyes the present "regu-
lator" prostrate in it5 s-lf made ruin, beneath its
own rebound.   The Stale bank  deposite systemi
he could not recommend the  «adaption of that,
under the circumstances.   It  failure and explo-
sion had been too signal, and the immediate cause
ol the state of thinss, which call for remedy.   He
could not  presume his ovvn party friends in favor
I of its readoption, and surely not the Whig party.
Well, sir, asts were passed relieving the deposite
banks and the merchants, by giving them the time
I and   Indulgence which  they themselves e'esired.
| Treasury no es were issued to kef p the Govern-
I ment in motion, to pay the civil li-t, the pension-
, ers, and our army and   navy.    All this was <!one;
] yet the parly to which 'hese banUs and merchants
, chiefly belong, afters ards charged the Governaieat
1 would do nothing to relieve  the distress in   the
' country; and these banks and merchants were quite
| the loudest in complaint and abuse.
¡      Most wofully, then, and I reproclaim it to the
country, has the Stale bank deposite system faded;
and what again is their cond tion at present?    And
worse than all, this conftitutd U ited States Bank,
though authoritatively   pronounced stronger than
before, was about the first, in Mav, 1337", and since,
to suspend.   Instead of regulating the currency and
exchanges and State banks, and saving all, it sinks
in iheir midst, when there appeared universal pros-
perity reigning throughout the land, into suspen-
sion, if not insolvency; and was, as strongly sus-
pec-ed, the cause of dragging the whole into ihe vor-
tex !   Yet, the Whig parly is for another United
States "regulator;" for to this complexion has it
come, and  must come, whatever reserve and si-
lence be maintained.   Nay, 1 take the proposition
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Foff.] a* the
proposition of the party.   His two colleagues [Mr.
