JniiC 1840.
Ál¥S!ífÜIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GtÓftE.
¡&?
SGth Coxg.......1st Se s.
Innependent Treasury—Mr. Lucas.
H. of Reps.
White and Mr. Underwood] have come out boldly
in their «peeches io favor ol a Natijnal Bank, and
th° argument of every gent'eman., who has spoken
again«t this bill, was to the same effect.   The great
i^ue, then, is Stib-Trea>ury or United States Bank.
This i- th* mighty question to be decided here, and
to be again parsed on b> theconntry. For one, I have
alteady said en ug"i, and shall add but little more,
upon the constitutional question.    But, if I  cou'd
believe we ha>! the con-tuufonal right, I am utterly
oppo  d o the creation cf such  an mstitu'ion.   If
it has power for good, so it will for evil.   If it can
reguVe th* currency, it is most unwise for a free
people to delegate to a corporation of a few men that
vast power, instead of retaining it in the people.    If
¡tcindo that, it cas control the business of the
country, and the fortunes of all, and will favor the
few, to the prejudice of the many.   Whenyou place
under its consol the regulation of the currency,
wh ch is what itsac'voca'.es claim for vt, as the sreat
a «ument in its favor, yen pi ice the country it-
self in ns power; and, by giving it our revenues, as
proposed, to   l:eep, you pctua'ly  deliver  it over
bound, to its will.   I have no confidence in anv
great moneyed  power  in the hands of a few.   I
wsuld not trust one man, or a few men, with such
vast control in  power.    It will pat law and Con-
gress at dtfiance, and yet itself be controlled by a
grea'er power abroad, which will rule the fe¡v that
govern it.    It will control, too, in the worst form.
It will net openly overawe, hut silently torture,
whpn the   whole  country   is  distressed   by   is
Ally.     When   a    revuUion   corner,   after   ex-
pansion,   then    it   must    save   itself,    though
the    means    it     must     resort     to,    occv-i<>n
univer>al suffering.    It must cDntract to save its
own life, «hile distress rages all arouid  it, and
over the land,   'lhis is bat a sketch of the actual
his'orv of the pa-t.    Such ha> teen the careering
course (f that which has had its day of prosperity
and adversity, and whose account of good and evil,
and cf profit and loss, is before th; country.     Sir,
the coarse of the future one may be easily marked,
ns^hadowed by that of the past.     Contraction af-
ter expan-ion is, with such a bank, the law of fate,
and it must obey; and we have seen, that, in the
pursuit of its own' interest, its  issues have  flowed
with the áood of commerce and trade, which it can-
not control, and have jetreated with the ebb.   At
one season, we have seen a vast overflowing in all
the channe's of business, and the land filled with
bobble waves of deceitful prosperity, and then we
have witnessed as sudden a withdrawal of itscir-
cubtion, when, after its expulsion of specie, it was
as essential to the wants of the country as the Wood
that flows :n the ani-nal sy^fm is  to health an!
life; and this we have seen invariably take place,
just as the current of trade was retreating to foreign
shore ,   and   the State   banks compelled   to pur-
sue the same course;   and,   as   the   ccsequenca,
prices, wages, and propeity of all kinds fell sud-
denly in proportion to the decrease ¡n the currency,
thus produced; and sudden distress overtake the
land, as it were, in one short month, throwing
thousands and thousands oat of business and em-
f loymet, home and comfert, with helpless families
cast like wrecks upon the strand.   Instead of be-
lieving in the expediency of such an institution, I
am entirely convinced of the contrary, and not less
appalled at the magnitude o( the dangers that may
mark its course.   I look at the undeniable fact,
proved by the biitory of the times, that expansions,
contraction*, and sospensims here, have followed
the hke results in England.   I assert that this is
the fret; and I cannot shut my eyes to the truth,
that this grows out of the intímate and dependent
relations thus proved to exist between oor paper
system and that of England, which, in fact, are but
parts of one and the same system, and ours the
■worst part—and that such an ins itution would be
but as a branch of the Bank of England, wsich is
united with the Government of England, mutually
supporting  and  sus'ained   by a mighty floating
bulwark withouf,Jand a mightier money power with-
in, and thus united in power and destiny.
The Manchester report, to which I before re-
ferred, drawn in view of all the facts, ju.st after
they had transpired, bears me out ¡n these views.
And the high source from which it emanates,
an-1 replete as it is, with facts, figures, and
argument, entitles it to the fullest credit. It proves
that, the Bank of England, about the beginning of
the crisis of 1837, in England, and which forced < n
that in this country, as I have shown, in its efforts
to regain something upwards of six millions of
pounds sterling, in specie, which, after its last re-
criTter, some years agnf under which its paper.was
made a legal tender, in all ca«es, except between
itself and its creditors, enabled and stimulated it
to expand its issues beyond a wr*e discretion, and
at the same time reductd its bull'on in proportion;
by its contractions and turnings of the screw
produced thereby less and ruin in some
five great interests in the kingdom, tb the
amount of some twenty millions sterling,
from which followed indescribable scenes of dis-
tress and suffering, and such a sudden increase of
bankrupts and culprits as filled the almshouses and
prisons in a short time to overflowing. And 7et,
wi'h all, after producing so much rum, she has had
to become a beg?ar of the Bank ol France for her
life. Yet it is probable she did not occasion more
lo^s and suffering, all things considered, at home
directly, than by that very process she did indi-
rectly here, by her action upon our great restulator,
and through it upon our State banks, and the busi-
ness of the country, in conjunction with their own
imprudent expansions and conduct, during the same
period. The losses and suffer ngs here in 1837,
and s'n^e. have been perhaps as great as ever af-
flicted any country under the sun. Establi&h a Na-
tional Bank here, in the cenre of trade, and it must
be under the influence of that mons'er in London,
which, seated at the emporium of the commercial
world, will control all banks connected with the pa-
per and credit «ystem of that emporium.
Sir, I will not, no never will I agree to plant in
the bosom of rry country, a subordinate coworker
of ruin; I would not bind her diiect to the British
throne, nor will I chain her thus indirectly to that
which upholds it, controls it, and wields it. Sir,
I am rather for tearing loose the chain that now
binds our prosperity to that nation's will, through
the controlling power of her bank, instead of add-
ing this last link that may unite indissolubly our
destinies for wo.
Sir, the Bank of England is the money monarch,
enthroned upon the throne, without which, that
kingdom would dissolve and crumble; and you ask
me to place my country beneath that money sway,
Nr bank dependance. I tell you, your National
Bank would be obliged to harmonize with its mas-
ter power. The laws or trade would unite their
wills. They must breathe in the same space, and
a common interest inspire co-operation, and bind
th*m to the same centre. War would be impolitic;
would be death to the weaker. And do you hesi-
tate which would be the master spirit, yours or
that which commands Eng'and's wealth and pow-
er, and the Indies? Do you doubt that that would
rule the action of yours, by a stronger cord than
our fathers severed with the sword, to cut our
country loose from that plundering, grinding,
crushiBg power? Yours would have the regula-
tion of your currency, trade, and commerce,
arid the custody of your treasures, and pow-
er over all your State banks and the Bank of
England; the regulation and control of it. Would
you thus link and risk your count y's prosperity,
and destiny, perhaps, wiih England and her bank?
or will you hold your pur^e and yoar sword, which
it command-, as yiu would jour' means, yonr bu-
siness, and your liberties, Iree forever from such
connection ahd control?
Sir, though all be now calm, and the mighty
deep upon which nations drift to their final
doom, seem smooth and tranquil, can yon tall
me what is the heaving even now beneath the
surface? How far can you see in the distance, to-
wards which we verge? Does not an impenetrable
veil overhang the vhta? Sir, you know not how
soon we may teach that point where the hiatus
yawns. Tell me that, sir! Sir, none shall tell—it
is not given to any to know what time these mighty
continents shall stand arrayed, and all earth trem-
ble with tb_e terrific shock. I only Snow, a secret,
eternal war.,began, when fjfee pringóles emerged
froto their lomb in the old world, and: fled to this,
over a faihomiess ocean, that should be our etesoal
safety and protection, and will, unless br Ibis'Vást
artiPc;al system of connectton, our pow^er.,andr¡4eí-
tiny shall becume bound up in the web ofan«trer-
shadowmg, overpowering mammoth ttídnknttív.
Sir, ih it war between the despo'um of the old w«ríd
ar,d the free principles of this, though apparently
smothered, h now raging, and will some day Bttfst
from its volcanic bosom. That m'ghty deep «hall
vet be convulsed. Indeed, the restless waves; al-
ready begin to roll in confusion, and WU/mnfJrJis-
sonance, in anticipation of thatcimu.gstfirmjwlirich,
long impatient of its prison bounds, tuitlhOW1!' be-
times, and after gathering all its fury, sweej>;'r,6S&t-
Ie«s across the flood—that ¡ torm, that breaks! the
cords of amity, wake« nations from Tépiteé,' and
plunges them into the strife ol death. In tbissbeck
of continents, will your Government, yourfree in-
stitu'ions, your liberties, and all be safe, With your
trea-ure in the keeping of a bank, which may have
all afloat in trade—a bank in the hands of a Tew,
and und^r the control of the Bank of England?
Sir, if such convul-ion come, and come it may, all,
all may bed riven from their mooring?, by the first
s^ock a steerless float, and the whole disappear
hke edd'es, lo->t upon the flood, that was, that's
gone to that obliviou of the pasf, whither all that's
ending, valuable, or worthless, is lost, first or List,
where ceaseless flows that tide that' hasho, étfb.',$nr
myself, my mind is fixed—I will not r^itilt. J?twill
attach to my speech extracts from'thtf Manchester
report, in support of these views.
Extracts from the " Rep >rt of th  ' direfcídíá.Wa
special general meeiiug of the Chamber of Com-
merce and Manufactures at Manchester,'   the
effects of the administration of the Bank of Eng-
land, upon the commercial and manufaeJtimng
interests of the county, published 12 h D ee'frft'ér,
1839, under the sanction of the director-.."
"The Board ihink it expedient, befere proceeding to a consi-
deration of the effects of the recent policy of ituKH ulk <jf England
upon the manulacturmu and trading interests ol the country,
to take a brief review of the even 9 which preceded, and have ac ■
comp4nied, the present commercial reverses,               j     >t".
'' Down to the end of 1835, allbranehes of trade (u*}>ljiami-
factures were in a siate of prospeiily, which they han continued,
almost without mterrupuon, to enjoy for several years. In the
course of that year, the Bank of England, by throwing a'large
amount of money, held for the East India Company, and ad-
vanced on account of the West India loan, into the market at
a very low rate of interest, and by the facilities thereby afford-
ed to the London bill brokers, and others, for discounting enor-
mous sums, American acceptances and bills reissued by the
joint stock banks, laid the foundation for that excessive stimulus
to trade and speculation Which fuevailedin ihe succeeding'year,
(1836)                                                 ,                k   ,-j.  .,
"Early in 1836, the man  for speculaiiooJn shwe*>a ViU|he
formation of irnumeraMejointstocIt assoeiattbas, gwrwattllng
to alt those who had a recollection oí tS86,that.nb«& fi*ig
world was hastening towards scenes similar in character téchese
of that fatal year, &c
" Towards the close of 1836, the stock of bullion in th« -Bank
of England had fallen to little mote than four millions, whilst,
at the same time, it was indebted to the world upwards of ibirty
millions for its circulation and deposites. The directory now
determined to check the drain urJon their coffers, andtoincrease
their stock of bullion. It has been stated, upon the authority of
the bank directors, in a rnemerandum presentero (he commit-
tee of the House of Commons in 1832, that a supply ofgotd can
be procured fiom abroad Only by tedueed prices of tornmodi-
ties; in other words, at th<expense of the manufacturing rind
commercial interests, &c.                ,             ,        ,. .
" The trading community, upon whom the gli^teetrWÜpfíve
movement on the pait of the Bant ofEriglaml (tpcta&t-wlth
electrical effect, seized with alarm, v/«re now eager td self off
their stocks io save themselves, as far as possible, from the
effects of the impending fall of prices, &c.
" Similar consequences we e immediately felt ihrougilC*t the
whole commercial world. Our merchants, instant}? Mrantipit-
ted orders to then agents abroad to dispose of their stocks, and,
in lieu of the shipment of produce to a falling markw, trfremit
the amount in specie, or bills of Exchange,'Ac. The loaWsAhus
incurred by the British merchants uponlheir outstanding capi-
tals, were, in many cases, ruinous.                        .    ",   -.
" Throughout the year 1837, the Bank ef Eoglán3 ébWtinViM,
ai ¡he cost of these heavy sacrifices tnjour mepchants.'io «ng
ment the amount of its bullion, as the: following official returns
of the stock of the specie in its vaults Will show-
June, 1837,          -          -          •          JE*.7Srj,ro^
Dec.    1837           -          -          -           W¿W>     '
Jan.    1838;                                               8,685,b00     ,
"The Board have now to refer to certain circumstances grow-
ing naturally out of this state of likings, which nwre-particularly
affect the cotton trade.                      .,     _^_,         .       .
"The Bank of the UaH*l Siate , w«h otto* Ia#ge American
banking companies, taking advantage of the embMrassmentsof
the great Anglo American houses, ^ become the rhianruíT Jfor
shipping the cotton *op8fl8í7-'aint^w*y,Mh «etuíted
in his letter to Mr, Adams,h. wv  facihu«/Wifl^ffiftB <&« 
fifteen to twenty millions of dollars of cottojr, and placed hi 
own confidential «gehtin U'fPoo''                   , -MB_ „. .
"Ha-r"m« tiras talten a review of twe'principal ewrrts ilhis-
txatiws tie course pursued brjtie Bank of England from 1835
down totUepreseni time, the board are desirous of directing th 
attention of the members to the losses which the forced con«
