598
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
íune, 1840.
26th CokO'—Ist Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Pair sh.
H. of Reps-
tractions and expansions of the currency inflict upon the ms
nufteturing and mercantile community, an evil the magnitude
of which ha  not heen sufficiently appreciated by those who
hare investigated the question* of banking and currency, «fee
'It may be estimated that, m the production of the five sreat
aMnafüctuiM of eottoua, woollens, Bilks, linens, and hardwares,   ' I
capital, fixed and floating, is employed, amounting to a hundred   ',
million  sterling
"The rates of depreciation, caused by the late panic, upon all
these article  of production, may be gathered, without difficulty,
from the pnces ol the spring and summer of IS37, they fell in
price variously from 30 to 50 per cent
To estimate the amount of losBupon these manufactures,
they must also be followed into the hands of the wholesale and
retail dealers,wh«se losses upon stock consequent upon the ope
rations of the Bank of England or the currency aremcuired
simultaneously with those of the first producers Scarcely one
of than escaped in 1837, without the sacufice of the whole of
the ordinary profits of the year s trade, and many lo«t by the fall
in the value of their stock the whole of their capital, al^o
"In proof of the latter fact, it may be stated that 1139 fiats in
bankruptcy were issued in 1837, the average of the four pre-
vious years amounting to 1366 only, whilst a proportionate in
crease occurred in the number of private compositions
"The amounts of British capital are as follows
"Employed in the production of the five ereat interests of cot
lon.wcollen, silk, linen, and hardware, estimated at JEIOO 000 POO
"In the wholesale and retail distribution            -   25 0X10 000
"In the whole of the foreign commerce              -  35 000,000
¿160000 000
"Lowest estimate of loas, 85 percent.
- JE40000000
"Without embracing the less prominent branches of our do-
mestic manufacture , includine the tiade in a thousand articles
of daily consumption, all of which are more or less affected by
the revulsion of prices, reference has here been made to a capí
tal of one hundred and six y millions, upon which we may irace
a loss varying from 20to 50 by the forced depreciation of value
in 1837. This sacrifice of forty millions at the least, and which
constitutes a fraction only of the losses simultaneously sustain
ed by the entire commercial world, was incurred in order that
the Bank of England might regain possession of «ix or seven
Bullions of specie, which it hail previously forced out of the
country by the undue expansion.
"It has been shown that the Bank no sooner found itself in a
safé position, than it recommenced, in 1838, a system of ei| an
mob, and exported a part of its gold, prices of great staples be
fore enumerated consequently advanced dunng the year 1833
and part of 1839, until, as we have seen, the restrictive policy
was resumed, the motion of the screw was reversed, and, down
to the present moment, have fallen again from 20 to 3* pel
cent."
SPEECH OF MR. PARRIStt,
OF OHIO  v              /
Jn tkt Home cf Rej>rt$tntatwes,rJune 10/1840—In
Committee of the Whole cfc the MidependeBt
Treasury bill.                                  /
Mr. PARRISH addressed the confmiitee as fol-
lows:                                               /
Mr. Chairman : With Ihe genihjéian from New
York [Mi. Martin] who has ]u*X taken his seat,
I agree that the bill now under consideration is
one of great importance, anF embraces almost
e ery question connected with the operations of
this Government. It clearly presents not only the
measare contained in the bill, of having the public
money managed for public purpose; alone by indi-
viduals selected from amongst the people, but also
the antagonist system of corporations created by
the Stales, or one institution created by the Fede-
ral Government, in either of which the public
moneys become blended with, and made subser-
vient to private interests. Ho other method has
at any time been Ined or proposed, and it is be-
lieved, none other can; and of these ihe Opposition
advocate a United Stales Bank. Each gentleman
who has addressed the committee in opposition to
the bill, has more or less, and generally at large,
entered into an examination and discussion ot a
National Bank as superior lo the Sub Treasury.
They have made this issue, and no alternative is
left but to speak and decide upon these questions.
With the matter thus presented, I propose, first,
to examine the principles of the bill; secondly, some
of the objections urged against it; and thirdly, the
expediency oí a National Bank.
In doing this, since it has been the policy of the
Opposition to keep ihe principles ani provisions
of the bill out of view as much as possible, and to
prejudice the public mind against a full and im-
partial investigation of us merits; and since it is
now openly avowed on this floor, by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Cushiko] that if
they succeed in the present political content, it will
be repealed if passsed, I shall present a synopsis
of this important measare in the order in which its
principles are developed. A few considerations
ate sufficient to determine what those principles are.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual re-
port, estimates the toial receiptb lor 1340 a(
eighteen millions six hundred th 'tisand dollars, of
which fifteen millions will be received from cus-
toms. This sum is paid by the pet pie, and lie
gentleman from Massachusetts admits it lo be col-
lected by indirect taxation. This is true, and ihe
process by which it is done, I shallhereafier show
The population of the Unit d Statf s may be esti-
mated at fifteen millions, or one for every dollar
collided from duties this year. Xow will these
people agree to pay this amount of money for ihe
mere purpose ot determining where H i-hall be
kept, and nothing else? They certainly will nrt.
Are they willing to pay it fir ihe purpne of
determining simply in what kind of currency it
shall be received' I think not. For what object,
Ihen, will trey consent to pay i1' For the pur-
poses of Government, and t'iese alone. Therefore it
becomes a question of the fir>t magnitud" with the
American people to know what use is made of the
money collr-cted from them. Whether it is to be
used exclu iiely for public purpose*, or whether
what is thus collected frrm the whole people shall
be used by a part only for iheir own advantage,
whether that part consists ot office holders, m°r-
chants, manofactuiets, or bankers. In short,
whether the nuny s^all be taxed for the benefit of
the few.
Next lo this in importance is ihe kind of money
which shall be paid and received for Gove^nrrenl
dues, so ¡>s to carry out the first object wuh least
inconvenience to the people and greatest security
to the Government.
Incident to ihe>e is a third consideration as ti
the location or places, aad under whose immediate
control the public money shall be kept from the
time it is received till pa d on'.
These are the leadme features of the measure,
and the ordeT in which I sha'l consider th> m.
The first principle is contained in the 17th sec-
tion, which prohib is the usr of public money for
private purpo>es; and makes it felcny fcr any of-
ficer cr agent of the Government, or any other
person advising or participating, to use public mo-
ney, or invest it in property or merchandise, or to
loan it, with or without interest, by fine equal to
the amount embezzled, ard imprisonment not less
iban six months, or more than five years; and re-
quires the officer  to keep accurate accounts of
sums received, ard the kind receive]; also sums
paid or transferred, and ih=- kind.
The second principle, defining the kind of meney
in which the public revenufs shall be received and
paid out, ii found in ihe 19th sectit n, which pro
vif'e , that frem and a'ter the 30*h of June, 1840,
of ihe money psyaMe to Government, cne-fourth
shall be paid in gold and s Iver, and thrte-fourths
in paper of spec e paying banks. After the 30th
June, 1841, one-half in specie, and a like cum in
paper; a<>r the COth of June, 1842, three-fourths
in specie, and one frurth in pap°r; and after the
30th of June, 1843, all to be paid in the l gal cur-
rency of the country. And the 22d section pro-
vides that no regulation or ihe Secretary of the
Treasury shall mike any difference in t ie funds
tote reseived from different sources of the reve-
nue. These two sect oris dffine the kind of mo-
ney tobe received, and the two fol'owmg the kind
to be paid out
The 20th section requires every officer, after the
30th of June, 1843, in disbursing the money of «he
Government, to pay gold and silver only, under
pena'ty of bsmg reported to the President imme-
diately, and to Congress.
The 21st section prohibits any efficeror agent,
paying out Government money, from exchanging
the funds furnished, for any thing but gold and sil-
ver; and when drafts are furnished, requires them
to be converted into legal currency, and the same
paid out, under penalty of immediate suspension;
and being rrported, subject to dismissal from
office, or being reinstated, as ihe President may
see fit.
The location or places for keeping the public
money, is determined as follows:
The 1st section of the bill provides for fitting up
and assigning exclusively, within the new Treasury
building now erecting at Washington City, a suffi-
cient number of rooms for keeping the public mo-

ney which  ma) be in ihe hands of ihe Treasuier
of the Un Hed Stales, until paid out.
The 21 section provides that ine Mint at Phila-
delphia, and th  Branch Mint at New Orleans, as
at present provided for mint purposes, shall be de-
positor es of the public money, under the charge of
ihe treasurers of those mints respectively.
The 3d sfc ion provides for fitting up and fur-
nishing within the custom houses now erecting at
New York, and Boston, Massachusetts, rooms with
vaults, etc for Keeping under the c>ntrol of the
receivers general, to be apf ointed at tho e placea,
the  public money that may be deposited there.
The 4th srction provides for erecting and fit-
ting up suitable roñáis, to receive and keep the
pubLc money, at Charleston, S C. and at St. Louis
Mo.
The persons having charge of the public moneys
are dtsiguated, and thtir duties defined as follows:
The 6th section of the bill require*, the United
States Treasurer, and all other treasurers and offi-
cers acting a  irepsureis, collectors, surveyors, re-
ceivers, and postmasters, to safely keep &ll moneys
coming into then custody, without loaning or using,
and pay out and transfer faithfully according to
law.
The 9th section requires collectors and receivers
in the District of Columbia to pay to the United
States Treasury Those of New Orleans and Phi-
ladelph a to pay lo the treasurers of the mints in
those cit e^ respectively; those of New York, Bos-
ton, Cnailcstrn, and St Lcuis, to pay over to the
receivers gent ral at those offices, as provided in
the 3d, 4th, and 8 h section^, as often as once each
week, at least.
The 10th section provides for transferring the
public money from one dep sitory to another, a*
convenience, and Ihe public service may n quire;
and for keeping a separate account of the funds
of the Post Office Department.
The 11th section provides that the money m any
depositee shall be considered as m the Treasury,
and subject to the draft of the United S'ates Trea-
=u er, for transfer or disbursement; aBd for making
returns to the Treasury and t'est Office Depart-
ments, as often as required.
Necessary to carry out these principles, are cer-
tain details, contained in the other sections, such as
the appointment of officers, as follows:
Section 5h  provdes f<~r appointing four receiv-
ers-general, one at New York, another at Boston,
a third at Charleston, and a fourth at St. Louis.
[the sfcurity op officers ]
Section 7th requires of officers satisfactory
bonds, and tneir renewal f'om time to time.
Section 8ih requires officers who have already
given bond, immediately to give additional bonds,
and renew from time to lime.
[CHECKS UPON OFFICERS.]
Section 12th authorizes the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to cause examinations of books, accounts, and
money , in the depositories, by agents, and requires
the examinations to be particular ana fall.
Section 13th, in addition to the checks provided
in the 12th section, enjoins naval officers, survey-
ors, registers, directors, and superintendents, as
checks upon collectors, receivers, and treasurers,
respectively, to examine and report the condition of
the books, accounts, returns, and money on hand,
in each case, to the Secretary of the Treasury, quar-
terly, and as much oftener as he may direct.
[salaries of officers ]
Sec. 24, fixes the sa'anes of receivers and
treasurers of the mints at $2,500 each, except at
New York, which is $4,000, and provides for
their payment quarterly, prohibiting the receipt
of perquisites on pain of fine or imprisonment.
Sec. 14, allows to officers keeping and dis-
bursing the money, their expenses for obtaining
vaults, safes, &c. transferring and disbursing pub-
lic money, with clerks' hire, not exceeiing ten
clerks in all, whose salaries together shall not
exceed $8,000.
[preparing offices, permanent and temporart.]
Sec 26, appropriates $10,000 for erecting of-
fices at Charleston, if rooms cannot be fitted up
in ihe custom-house now there, and for the office
at St. Louis.
