m.
APPENDIX TO *BE CONGREiáálOiíAt GLOSS!.
2fj¡yi C«K©......lsT Sbss.
«tunc, 1840.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Parrish.
II. of Reps.
"A motion was made by Mr. Campbell of South Carolina
th it the said b'll be committed 10 the Committee of Ways and
M- ans, with instructions so to amend ttrasHo jprovide that the
Cfurertimeni deposites shall not be used far. banking purposes
A'division of ih  question on this motion was called Kir by Mr.
Stuart, (Wins,) .he question to be first put on eo much as pro-
poses t« commit, and then on the iofifticuofts. And on the
question s.all the said bill be committed to tfie Committee of
Ways and Means?   It passed in the negative, yeas 97, nays 111."
After g'vinsr ihe names of the member* who
voted for und,*|¡a¡nst the commitment,the Journal,
p«g<" 1227, add : "The question on the first mem-
ber of tite nación being decided in the negative, ihe
second member fell of course." Here tee very
ques i>D of giving the use of ihe public money to
the banks was direcly made, bat could only be
■voted upon in connection Wiihjhe-ijutstion of com-
mitmtn'. By a division of the tjuestion, which
was demanded by a member of ihe Oppoiition, they
evaded a direct vite on the main proposition. The
journal shows that all ihe Democrats, except ode,
voted Icr the commitment, which was an expres-
sion equivalent to refusing the u«e of the public
money to in* bank-; and the Opposition members,
except two, voted against the cormtijinient, which
was equally a^ clear an expression .in favor of let-
tipg ihe banks u^e the public money, and was de-
cide ©f the way each party would vote upon the
main que-tion,as appeartd afterwards.
fage 1229, upon the following proposition, viz:
"And prodded also. That nothing contained in this act
■hall be so consirued as to authorize the use of the Govern-
ment deposites for banking purposes;"
•The vmestord thus—yea* 101, nays £01.
Those who voted in the affirmative, were:
Messrs. Adams. H. J. Anderson, Andrews, Atherton, Banks,
Beau?, Bieroe, flft&Wll? Birdsall, Bi'uidin, Brodhwd, Bronson,
Byni|ra, Caoibreleng, J. Campbell, Chaney, Cleveland, Coles,
Cnnnor, Craig, Crarv, CushrMn, Dawson, DeGraff, Dromgoole,
Duncan, Elmore, Famngton, FairfietiL i Fletcher, Easter, Fry,
Gallup, Glascock, Grant, Grantlandi Gray, Griffin, Hammond,
Hawkins, Hayjies. Holsey, Holt, Hopkins, Howard, Hubley,
Homer. Thomas IB Jack-Son, Joseph Johnson, NathaAjel Jones,
John W. Jones, K"im, Kemble, Leadbetter, L wis, Logan, Ly-
ot i Mai lory, Jamerlfr Mason, Martin, McKay, Robert Mc-
Ciell in, Abraham McClellan, McCltare, Miller, Montgomery,
•lonfj.JlpblBi.0gle, Paimenter, Pirns, Paynter, Penny backer,
PíUÍ^Ptumer,Piittej:, J.,H«.PreniÍ3s,Reily, Rhett, Richard-
«K n, Ttives,-Johl "Koberwon. Sawjler, Sheffer, Augustine H.
Shermerd, Snyder, ppencer. Stuart, Taylor. Thomas. Thomp-
■onyTtra*, TnwnsrTurney,Vdil,Wagener, Welister, T.WhitUe-
set^JiedW.jWtllwnis, Wwrttiingiop, and Yell.
, Thp e «at),voted in the n«4ative, were:
Ms«J3. Alexander  Hernán Alien, Jo'm W. Allen, Aycigg,
Bell, Biddle, Brtn'd, Burden, Briggs, Wm. B Calhoun, John
Caftouii. W. B Carter. Casey, J.Chambars, Cheaiham. ChiWs,
Cl«rtc, G'iryfvn Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Gushing, Darling-
ton, DdV4e , Deberry, DeivrHs, Dunn, £*ans, Everett, Ewing,
R'chard Fletcher, Jam 9'Gir"and. Rice Garland,Good?. James
Graham, Wm. Graham. G aves,'Grmnell. Hitand Hall, Ha-
me-. Harlai, Hait' r, Wm ¡S Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Her"d,
Hon in, Il-rry Jilm«on, Wr*) Cost Johnston, Kennedy, Kil-
go-e Impure, L ncnln. Marvin, Samson Mason, Maury.' Max-
well, McK'nnan, Menefrfp, .Moreer. Milligan, Mitchell, Calvary
Morris, Nayiqr, JN'ttfe*, Paxier8pn,;Pearce,l*eck, Phillips, Pope,
Fotts, S. S Prentiss, Rand 'n, Randolph, Reed, Rencher, Ridge-
way, Eitwani Rrlbmson, Ramsey, Rnssell, John Sereeant,
Shields, firoler* iSI*Je, Southgate, Stan'y, Stone, Stratton, Talia-
ferro. Tillinghast, Tpland, Underwood, Albert 8. White,
Jvm Whn- E Whit!les-y,tewis Williams, Sherrod Williams,
WinWord, and Yorke.
Ths House being equally divided, the Speaker
voted with'the yeas, and the question was decided
i**t>e affirmative.
In this vote upon the naked proposition, every De-
mocrat but one, was in favor of the amendment
*ndagainst lettiig the banks use the public money,
and every Opprsitfon member except five was
agfclhslHie amendment, ^and in favor orpermitting
the. fiafatfe to tise'jhe .public money. These votes
cfearty sHow lhat' the Democrats, who support the
Sub Tieasury then as now, oppose the use of the
public money, for'private purposes, and they as
«early show, that the pwty then, as now, which
oppo-es ihe Sub-Treasury, is- m favor of using the
pcbKc meney for private advantage. I now refer
to the same j< urml to ^i>w ihe extent to which the
Opposition a>e willing thepn-hc money shall be
u*e<L Pi<ge 1225, the following proposition came
op, and vw vced upon:
"P/otidedfurlher, That no bank shall be used asadepo.
sitary whicn «ball not dt all limes keepih hand a quantiiy
of  peci Htrleast equal (o ihe prop ntionof one dollar ot specie
foreve^y ihresuf nsliabiliues."               ,
, Apd, «-n ihe quiñón that the House do agree to
this mo'ioii, il passed in the negative—yeas 86,
JWYf-414,,
Every Democrat except one vrifng in fayor of
the.amepdrnent, andra^a nt>t the baijk issuing more
than, tÍL^.^lla/f0y  ^afCr.,fof qi.e in .«■pecie, and
r^M^t^^^rie'r^t^eplpie, voting against
"    -    '  '      '-"-'« banks issuing
every Udw v ^^
}he amendment, an'd in favor of
more than three dolíais h paper for one m «petit-, jj
whith they possessed.   Page 1228, another ]to- |
position of the same cha:acter came up, and was i
voted upon as follows:
"Provided, however, That no bank shall be a depository of
the moneys of the Government, which shall not keep in its
vaults one dollar m specie to every five of its liabilities.
It passed in the negative—yeas 91, nays 109.
Those who voted in ihe affirmative were:
"MesBrs H. J Anderson, Andrews, Atherton, Banks, Beatly,
Beirne, Bicknell, Birdsall, Bouldin, Bredhead, Buchanan, Bj-
num, Cambreleng, John Campbell, Chaney, Chapman, Cleve
land, Cole , Connor, Craiz, Crary, Cushman, Dawson, Davee,
De Graff, Drumgoote, Duncan, Elmore, Famngton, Fail field,
Isaac Fletcher, Fry, Gallup, Glascock, Gray, Griffin, Ham
mond, Hawes, Hawkins, Ilaynes, Holt, Hubley, Thomas B
Jackson, Joseph Johnwn, John VV. Jones, Keim, Kemble,
Leadbetter, Dixon II. Lewis, Logan, Matlory, Manin, McKay,
Robert McClellan, Abraham McClellan, McCluro, Miller, Mont.
eomery, Moore, Samuel W Morris, Noble Ogle, Parker, Parris,
Paynter. Pennvbacker, Petnkin, Pliimer, Potter. J. II. P -entiss,
Reily, Rhett, Richardson, Rives, Sawyer, Sheffer, Augustine
H. Shepperd, Snydei, Spencer, Taylor, Thomas, Thompson,
Titus, Towns, Tttrney Wagener. Webster, .Tired W. Wil-
liams, Christopher H. Williams, Worthington, and Yell.
Those who voted in ihe negative were:
Messrs. Adams, Alexander, H. Allen, J. W. Allen, Aycrigg,
Bell, Biddle, Bond, Borden, Bnggs, Bronson, W B. Calhoun,
J Calhoun, Carter, Casey, Chambers, Cheatham, Childs, Clark,
Corwin, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, dishing, Darltng'oi , Da-
vies, Deberrv, Dennis, Dunn, Edwards, Evans, Evere'i, Twing,
R.Fletcher,Fillinjre,Fo8ier,JGarland,R Garlanil,Goede..T Gra
ham, W Graham Giantland, Graves, Grinnell, Hall, Hamer,
Harlan, Harper, Hastings, Henry, Herod, Hoffman, Hopkins,
Howard, Jenifer, H. Johnson,W.C. Johnson, Kennedy, Kllgore,
Legare, Lincoln, Marvin, S.Mason,Maury, Maxwell, McKennan,
Menefee, Mercer, Milhgan, Mitchell, C. Morris, Navlor, Noves,
Patterson, Pearca, Peek, Philips, Pope, Potts, S S. Prentiss, ka-
nden, Randolph, Reed, Ridgeway, Robeitson, Robinson, Rnm-
sey, Russell, Seigeant, Slue'ds, Sibley, Blade, Soulhaate, Stan-
ly, Stuart, Stone, Stratton, Taliaferro, Tillinghast, Tolant', Un-
derwood, A 8. White. J. Whitp, E. Whittlesey, L. Williams, S.
Williams, Wise, Word, and Yorkf.
On this last proposition, every Democrat, exept
two, voted in favor of the amendment, and against
the banks issuing five dollars in paper for one of
specie, in their vault ; and every Opposition mem-
ber, except six, voted against the amendment pnd
in favor of allowin; the banks, having tbe puM c
money, to issue more than five dollars in paptr lor
each dcllar they held in specie. From ihese voles
it is clear that the Democrats were opposed to bank-
ers usins: the public money. They are now in fa-
vor of the Sub-Treasury bill, whicn prevents officer*,
as well as all others, from using it. The same
votes show that the Opposition were in favor of
bankers using the public money, with the greatest
latitude, and are now oppnsjing a law whieh wcuid
prohibit officers and all others from using it for pri-
vate purposes.
The question involved in these vote  is the very
sama containedin the 17th seciirn of the bü!, and
in tbe language of President Van Burcn, above
quoted: all of which plainly shows that the.Oppesi-
uon here, and their leaders throdKhout the country",
maintain that it is right to allow the money colltct-
ed for public purposes to be used for private ad-
vantage, which is nothing short of taxing the many
for the benefit of the few.
There is one other important fact efevelcped in
these votes which I will here notice.   The gentle-
man from   New  York  LMr. Mahvin] spent an
hour and a half yesterday in examining General
Jackson's policy in relation to the deposite  banks,
and the inducements held out by him-and bis offi-
cers to these institutions to extend their circulation.
To these inducements he attributed the suspension
of 1837, and claimed that ihe whole syitem had re-
sulted as ihe prominent men of his party had pre-
dicted it would.   Alter all this, and when these
banks failed to meet the public expectation; and, to
use the lünsuage of General Jeckson, as^he mem-
ber quoted it, when they had  turned traitors, and
pioved themselves as worthless as bad  been" fore-
lold of ihem, even after all thi*, these vo es show ¡
that the Opposition, and the gentleman from New \
York amongst the n imber, were willing, in  1833,
to give to these same banks the use of the public j
mr>ney.   They were even willing,  with  all this i
knowled?e before them, to po further than had j
been gone before, and autbo ze the banks to issue '<
more than five dollars ot fhi-ir paper for evety dol- |
lar in sp cie which they held; polling it into tbe |
power, and even auihorizirg ihe stockholder-, out i
of ihe people's m«npy, to make  more tnan  thiry
per cent, per annum, whether they should redee n
their own Bote* or not.   This is the relation of the
gentleman and his friends to this matter, which he
managed with so much address; the result  of jj
whirh, like most of the arguments used asaimt ihe
bill, wa3 not to meet the question directly, but to
n n>ct odium, if any could be creattd, from Gen.
Jackson's adminUiration upon Mr. Van Bu-
rén'*, and thus, if possible, prejudice ihe Sub-Tiea-
sury. This is a fair specimen of ihe course of the
Opposition here and their leaders elsewhere. How
do they stand when the whole matler is examined?
And how should it be viewed by the country?
I proceed now to cons'der the second principle
cont lined in the bill—trie kind cf money to be re-
ceived and paid out. And, first the kind to be re-
ceived: this is defined by the 19.h and 221 sections.
To avoid any incsnvenitnce which might arise
fiom a sudden change, the*e sections authoiize the
revenue, up to certain ppriods to be received in
certain proportions of gold and silver and tbe pa-
per of specie paying bank ; and after ihe 30th of
June, 1843, rtquire all the public rroncy lo be re-
ceived in sold and silver only, prohibit ng th<? Se-
cietary of 'he Treasury from makirsrany difference
in the kind to be rectiveel from different f-ourcps.
Tn the first place this principle has high precede.it
for authority. The first Congress that met under
the present Government in 1789, in the f-rst law
passed re'aung lo the revenue of ihe Government,
made ihis provision: "Sfc. 30 A- d be it further
enacted, that the duiies and fees to be c llected by
virtue of this act, shall be received in gold and sil-
ver coin only," and preceded to fix Um value of
foreign coins to le rfecived. HVre is the opinion
and legislat on of the framers of ihe Constitu ion,
many rf whom, and ihe most prominent, were in
that Congress. This law was departed from by
Mr. Hamilton, who afterwards berame Secretary
of the Treasury, in direct violation of his duty,
which was acquiesced in by the subsequent Con-
greso.
Sicocd'y, gold and slver is ihe legal currency
reco^nivfd ¡n the Consti'ution.and therefore no con-
¡•tnu'ional objection can be raistd to refusing bank
paper for public due. Besides this, it cms off one
powerful means of censolidauon and legislative ac-
tion in ihe General Government which has been so
rapidly increasing. Tbe very moment the General
Government authorized the receipt of bank paper
for pub'ic due*, il bee trae necessary for Congress to
be ai' ise,l ot the c mdition of these institutions and
wuh it Congress corarrenced legislating in relation
to them. As their numbers and importance in creased,
legislation mtrta^ed, ur/il, for more iban twen'y
vear=,iilariepoitu.n oftheadionoi th Government
has b- en dirt cei io th"-e institutions By this, the le-
gi-wfi'ificf Congress is lot ked to w ith more interest
anr! imprr.ance, ihaa iha'of the Sta es where the
barl,s are located. This ha* tended lo, and ¡s, rapidly
absorbing the Stales and the power of ihe people
'■-rnjch ¡hHrcv, n Legislature*; and consol dating
the whole in e> ihe General Government. By re-
fueins; the paper of ihe Siale banks you destroy this
tendency, and take away ihe necessity and power
of the General Government over them and their
business, ihis leaves them exckuively with the peo-
ple and the States which created them, as they
eught to be. If the banks are tbe people, as they
and their advocates upon this floor claim they are,
let the people regulate them through the State Le-
gislatures that chartered ihem, where they will be
more immediately under the control of the people.
Let them not now say, the people are unable to con-
tiol, support, and regulate ihem. Let them not say
that f>eir support and existence depends upon the
General Government receiving their paper for its
dues. Let ihem not say that Congress alone can
control and regu ate them through a great National
Bank. Let not the banks claim an advantage
whirh cannot be extended to any oiher portion
of *.he people of the S'ates, by having the Go-
vernment receive their paper for its dues;
and let them not set at defiance the power of the
Legislatures where they exi"t, and commit treason
against their creators, in ie«king a regulation frcm
the Federal Government; but let them remain in
their proper ,'phere, upon an equal footing wiih all
oiher classes of riizcrs. By this,,all improper
dependence on the General Government, and influ-
ence on its action will be destroyed, and the Gene-
ral Government deprived of the power to injure or
improperly influeta;e them.
