June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$ 9
26th Cono.•••1st Sbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Cooper.
H. oí Rep*.
and   added   to   the  appropriations
made this year                    -          - 22,750,000
Which, if not annually hereafter in- ——---------
creased, would make the sum of      $33,750,000
Thus you see the necessary appropria-
tions ran up nearly one-half every
year without paying any part of the
debt. You have given away your
public lands, from which nearly one-
tourth of the money is estimated to
be received at present, and the
whole amount that could be calcu-
lated upon to meet this heavy appro-
propriation would be                         15,100,000
Leaving an amount to be raised of #18,650,000
ThU sua, equal to what is already received, must
be raised, and as the public lands are gone, it can
only be raised from the people; this can only be
done by levying a direct tax; or indirectly, by lay-
ing high duties, under the tariff system. This is
the only alternative, and the tariff will be the re-
sort. To meet the demands of the Government it
will of necessity be one hundred per cent, higher
than at present. Here will be, then, a renewal of
all that I have been describing. Instead of little or
no national debt, as at present, the country would
be loaded with upwards of two hundred millions;
instead of reduced taxes through duties, higher
taxes from tariffs than have ever been collected;
instead of the Sab-Treasury, a National Bank with
a capital composed of national debt; and instead of
having the public money used for public purposes
alone, it will be deposited with and used by bank-
ers; and the whole system ends in completing what
its principles tend to, taxing the many for the be-
nefit of the few. Against this I oppose my vote in
favor of the Sub-Treasury.
SPEECH OF MR. COOPER,
OF GEORGIA,
1  tk* How* ©/ Representatives,   Jylke     , 1840—
On the bill to establish an Independent Treasury.
Mr. COOPER said: I rejoice, Í0r. Speaker, that
an opportunity is at length/afljirded me to assign
the reasons why I suppo/tyrnis measure. Con-
vinced of its propriety ar.dvectitude before it was
recommended by the present Administration, I have
watched its progress before the country, in the
hands of the present rulers, with immense solici-
tude. I look-on it as involving directly an issne
between the people and the bank corporations of
the country; whether the former shall keep their
money, so as at all times to use it without danger
of detriment to themselves, or whether the banks,
by keeping and possessing it, shall dictate to the
country the time, as well as the mode and manner,
of nsiog the public money?
This is an inquiry of vast moment. On its deci-
sion depends the future characteristics of our Go-
vernment. By the adoption of this bill, it may re-
tain the form and substance of a Republic; by the
adverse policy, it may for a time preserve the out-
ward appearances, but in reality it will soon be-
come an unlimited consolidation of powers.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, who hasjust
taken his seat,[Mr. Biddle,] always eloquent, pro-
mised us in the outset he would ofler something for
us, not for his constituents, and would address our
understandings, not our prejudices. This promise
from one so competent to fulfil it, was a pledge
that we should receive light and instruction. It
therefore gave me pleasure. Ia the discharge of
this obligation, however, he has been unmindful of
his duty under it, or else has placed an estimate on
the good sense of members, by no means flattering
to them. A very large proportion of his speech
was devoted to eloquent declamation, on points se-
condary to the questions at issue. The apology
for this may be that his distinguished colleague
from Philadelphia, [Mr. Sergeant,] who preceded
him in an able and very elaborate manner, covered
the whole ground of argument.
Two questions, however, were asked by the first
named gentleman [¡Mr. Biddle] very pertinent,
pointing to the merits of this bill.
1st. "When you have gotten the specie into the
Treasury, how (he asked) is it ever to come out,"
since the paper circulation, will be less valuable?
39
2d. "When, by this operation, the paper medi-
um shall be discredited, how are youMo restore its
credit?" These I will, in the sequel, eudeavor to
answer.
Besides these questions the main topics of this
gentleman's temarks were the State banks, and a
defence of the administration of the late United
States Bank. These points, too, shall receive at-
tention from me.
Before I proceed, sir, I must ask permission of
the committee to digress for a moment or two, to
touch a matter connected with this measure, but
somewhat personal to myself and colleagues. I
have postponed an expression of my opinions on
this measure longer than I should have done, ior
the following reason:
When the present delegation from Georgia took
their seats in Congress, they were affiliated mem-
bers of one political family. We then differed, as
we still do, on this measure. By consent, our
friends at home agreed it should not be cause of
quarrel or mutual crimination; but that either
should carry out his views in the most consistent
and conscientious way.
In the progress of a faithful discgarge of these
obligations to the country, and to those who sent
us here, we have found it indispensable to differ in
the choice of the men who shall be used to carry
out our respective views.
On us who advocate the Sub-Treasury, the ne-
cessity of choosing a Democrat, became as impe-
rious as that which commanded my colleagues,
who opposed that measure, to elect a Whig and a
bank man. This I foresaw before I came here.
It was known that every Whig was opposed to the
Indedendent Treasury, and the party as a body
were advocates of the bank system; that system
which the distinguished gentleman from Philadel-
phia [Mr. Sergeant] has so truly and successfully
traced to Alexander Hamilton, and which the saine
gentleman so triumphantly and so boldly an-
nounced as Hamilton's favorite scheme.
Would you expect me to fee the bank note en-
graver to shoe my horse? To ask a blind man
to distinguish between the fixed stars and the
planets; to invite the moon to shine without the sun,
or to apply at midnight for the light of noon day?
If I should act thus, would you not justly say, that
man is either a fool or a knave?
Sir, so long as my colleagues desire to oppose
this measure and take a United State Bank in pre-
ference, equally foolish would they act to take a
Democrat to do the work.
Foreseeing all this, I told my constituents be-
fore they elected me, what rule would govern
me, and that this rule would .make it my duty
and their interest to elect "Van Buren in prefe-
rence to Clay or Webster; and that as for Harrison
he could not be thought of under any circum-
stances."
I appeal to my colleagues whether I have not stated
truly. Having truly stated, I appeal, sir, to this
committee in proof that in what I have done and
said here, I have said and done neither more nor
less than I proposed to do  before my election.
My colleagues and myself, at this very moment,
have the same difference in reality which we
brought with us here. If there be any difference
now, which did not then exist, it is as to men,
not as to measures. From this remark, I ought
to except two of the six, who are opposed to
this measure. Those two have now a difference
from me in regard to it, which did not then ap-
pear.    But I have not changed.
In regard to our opinions of parties also, the
same two agreed with me once in that wherein
we now disagree. We then thought it would not
do to amalgamate with the Whigs. On tbis point
we now differ. I have not changed. In regard
to men, I thought and said it would be better
to choose Van Buren rather than Harrison. All
my colleagues thought, and so said the party, that
they would vote neither for Harrison nor Van Bu-
ren. Six of my colleagues now think they will
vote for Harrison.   They have changed, not I.
So that, whether in reference to measures or
men, I have not changed, whilst six of my col-
leagues have changed, either as to men or mea-
sures.
Here, then, is my apology for this digression.
At a recent convention of those who claimed to
represent the party whose nominees we all were, it
was thought advisable to proscribe that portion of
their delegation who are now advocating this mea-
sure. I have searched in vain for the political
grounds on which, consistently with their former
action, it has been done. I grant their right to
make this measure now a test, though not so made
heretofore.. But in doing it, they cannot escape from
the conclusion, that it will be because they oppose
i', and desire a bank. I know there are some who
do not desire a bank, and prefer even this measure
to a bank; and yet, by force of party prejudice,
join in the proscription. Against such, and suck
alone, with justice, I complain.
Against those who desire a bank, we have only
this complaint, that they have subverted the ancient
policy of the party, and are sending it adrift into
the broad channel of Federalism, swiftly pursuing
the great idol of Alexander Hamilton; and whilst
they worship at this idol's shrine, they are
bringing up to the altar, as a sacrifice and peace
offering, every vestige of State rights: but, before
doing it, they will have rung the death knell of the
party, and to the grave have consigned its remains.
A difference, then, on this measure and its necas-
sary incidents, has separated the present delegation
from Geeorgia. Feeling it to be a mournful oc-
casion, I have waited to the last hour, in hopes
that those who differ from us would give me the
benefit of their views, that I might make available
that last hour, as a day of repentence.
But notwithstanding two of us have given them
our reasons for supporting this bill, and I have pri-
vately requested them to answer our arguments
and give us their own, they decline to do so, and
seem content to see us go forth in our way without
an effort to convince us. Sir, my own opinions
are my guide, but I hold no opinion too sacred to
be yielded up to the force of truth and reason.
[Mr. Alford here interrupted Mr. Cooper, and
asked him to yield the floor for a short time, and
he would briefly state for his benefit his reasons for
opposing the bill. Mr. Cooper, through courtesy
to his colleague, consented. Mr. Alford then oc-
cupied the floor for two hours. After he closed,
Mr. Cooper resumed as follows:]
Mr. Chairman, I would be greatly obliged to
my colleage, who just spoke, lor the use of his
bangs.
When I made the digression, sir, I had referred
to the speech of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Biddle] and to the very able argument of the
distinguised member from Philadelphia. To both
I shall try to refer a few times more. I will now
proceed, without further liberty to depart, and
discuss the merits of the bill before the committee.
An honorable member has said he was at a loss
to know whether he understood the subject and na-
ture of this measure, because of the differing
views of members as to its effect and operation.
The objects I have in view, which commend the
bill to my support, may be reduced to two.
First. A limitation of the revenue to the econo-
mical wants of this Government.
Second. To keep the Executive and Legislative
Departments within their limits, as defined and
prescribed by the Constitution, both in regard to
the nature and purpose of its policy and powers.
I am not so sanguine as to expect this single
measure will guaranty these results, in defiance of
a wilful propensity to pervert, common to all par-
ties. This would be, by the potent energies of a
single proposition, to make this Government all
that our forefathers desired and its enemies depre-
cated. No, I should be a perfect enthusiast, and
overlook all the frailties of our nature. No mea-
sure you can adopt, however potent or conserva-
tive, possesses such sanative properties. The
yearly perversions of our invaluable Constitution,
so plainly written and fully expounded, warns me
against the disappointment that might follow such
anticipations of bliss.
My brightest hopes are, that this measure, honest-
ly and faithfullyadministered, and untrammelled by
obstacles unnecessarily and wilfully interposed by
.hose opposed to it, will, by its legitimate opera-
ion, tend iX aUtonesto secure these two great
