June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
Btr, loo much has been claimed fur this institution aa a regu-
lator. H assumed that office at times, but always looked to you
to give it the means.   There is no regulator but specie.
Now, air. let me answer the two questions of the other gen-
tleman [Mr. Biddi.b] from Pennsylvania.
1st. "When specie gets to the point of attraction, how is it to
get back "
I answer, by the power this bill gives to individuals to de-
mand that article in payment.
2d ''Bank paper being refused by the Government, is dis-
paraged.   How will you restore its value?"
It I  not in our power. Nevertheless, it will speedily be
done, because every sound bank which has pride of character,
or interest in its eood credit, will of itself very soon put its notos
on the footing of specie, which * ill naturally produce an influx
of specie m their vaults; to be supplied by their notes. Those '
which cannot hope to reach this point, will forleit all claims to i
confidence, and die by their own act.                                           ¡
The gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Evans,] and also the gen-    <
tlemaji from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] assert that " this bill will   |
discredit the Suites."                                              -
I can perceive but one way in which it can have that effect;
and for that we are not accountable. It is this: The States are
now discredited by their own imprudence. Their stocks are
under par This has brought about some of those " other lia-
Diliues" of the Bank. If another bank charter could be ob-
taiasd, the stocks, on the plan of Hamilton, will be a fund to pay
for that stock. Hence a new demand for them would be cre-
ated This is the forlorn hope. Pass this bill, andthe Bank is
suspended, and stocks are regulated by the existing demand,
and therefore will continue to fall. But is this your iault? Or
must you violate your duty, to consult the inteiest of those who
hold State stocks' Let the speculators in stocks take care of
themselves—the p ople will take care of the public money.
1( sir, you are bound i o divest your policy, wiih a view to    t
prop or reinstate those stocks, it is only on the principle that you    Í
can endorse for them or substitute your credit for theirs,   'lhis    '
■ a fcvorite idea with the ft lends of the Hamiltoman system,
but receives no favor with me.   When it shall be yielded to by    i
the country, the Government will have become a machine for    |
the promotion of a privileged order.   I will resist it as long as   ¡ j
it can be resisted, and be one of the last to yield; but being
forced to give up, I Bhall then, with what means l can com     i
mand, try to place myself on a footing with the favored few.
But I confess I should only do it on the principle that when I    |
must be a slave or a master, I prefer the latter.                             I
The gentleman from Tennessee "calls on gentlemen from the ¡
■bath to avail themselves of this opportunity to cut off this
continual increase of expenditure." Sir, I echo the call, send
it back to that gentleman, and send it in the ears of my col-
leagues, and assure them that I mistake greatly if the passage
of this bill is not the plan.
Be calls this an "ultra Federal policy." Where did he get
that idea, and how does it appear? He obtained it not from
history, not from men who hate died, not from Washington,
nor Jefferson, nor Madison, nor Alexander Hamilton. It must
be the creature of a lively imaemation.
He asks, "Wheie is y our $5,000,000 of specie to come from—
it is not in the country, and what little is in the country is in the
vaults of the banks "
Is this true? and are the banks to furnish an argument of ne-
cessity against this bill, by locking up the specie, that their
friends may raise this objection? Certain it is, that there is
now, by the account of the gentleman from Philadelphia [Mr.
SbmbantI a superabundance of specie. An J in reply to the
gentleman from Tennessee, I answer: take a part of that "enor
mous amount of useless specie," spoken of by the former gen-
tleman, and put it to the uses of the people, in the redemption
of bank paper, and your Sub-Treasury will have no difficulty.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cushing] said, "Ha
mil ton tried this scheme and it failed." I have been unable to
find the authority for this declaration. 1 doubt whether it ex-
ists—the more so, since on this point this gentleman and the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sergeant]
are at issue. But if he tried it and let it go. it was because it
failed to strengthen and consolidate the Federal Government as
he desired; and this cuts down the grandest of all pretended ob-
jections to the bill.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says, " we are to have
one currency for the Government and another for the people."
This has become too stale and shallow a pretext for an argu-
ment, to deserve consideration. Still I will illustrate it. Puta
ease. You reside in the interior of the " empire State"—yon
bare an agent or asenta in New York who manage all your
moneyed affairs. Where you live, the ordinary medium is
paper money. It has become of little value, because it is irre-
deemable. It issued from banks in and about New York. You
draw en your agent; he falls to pay, assigning as a reason that
your money was deposited for safekeeping in banks who refuse
topay it. After an examination of their affairs, you And they
have governed their circulation by the sum of yout deposites,
which being withdrawn in part, cannot be redeemed. The bank
therefore stops You orderyonr agents to deal in gold and silver,
and remove your deposites, that the money which circulates in
?our immediate vicinity may be better; that your agent at New
'ork, where your great interests are, may, meet this engage-
ments unembarrassed. Now, when he receives and pays out
for you, is it your affair or his; is it one money for him and
another foi you, or is it not yours in either case? This is the
affair of the people; the Government istheir agent.
I wonld gladly, Mr Chairman, call my colleagues' attention
to die important influence a United States Bank has had, and
must always have, on our Southern staple, and our facilities to
elect between alternative markets Also the vastness of the
political results that might enure to the South, by throwing such
preponderating machinery at the North. These are topics
grand and overwhelming. But my time is spent, and I desist.
I have endeavored to present fairly the merits of this bill.
That I have succeeded, it would be vanity m me to suppose;
hot I desire it to be remembered, that the great good to be ef-
fected by it, in my estimation, is to limit the revenue to the
wantsof the Government—making it as simple and economical
as a Republic ought tobe; to close up the innumerable avenues
to indirect Executive patronage, and thereby limit his power
to that which is given and lawful to be exercised; thirdly, to
check the alarming tendency of Federal legislation to adopt a
rale df constraint the supreme law, by which its decisions,
concerning its powers, ride over the supremacy of that law. If
I have contributed to this, I have sustained the inteiest of my
constituents, my own, and the interests of the country—I shall
have cause to be satisfied with what I have done, and will rest
en a "conscience void of offence,"
Independent Treasury—Mr. Shepard.
SPEECH OF MK. SHEPARD,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,     /
lit the House of Representatives, June *¿-, 1840—In
Committee of the Whoje on the state of the
Union, on the bill to prdyide fi>r the collection,
safekeeping, transfer, &nji disbursement of the
public revenue.               I    /
Mr. SHEPARD addressedjne committee as fol-
low:                                  V
Mr. Chairman: The few remarks which I in-
tend to make will be strictly applicable to the bill
under consideration. Honorable gentlemen have
wandered to other topics, which have bat little con-
nection with this subject; they have travelled over
the old ground, so well known to the members of
this House; they have rehearsed the story of the
war upon the banks, and indulged in the usual
tirades against the persons engaged in that famous
controversy. A member from Kentucky has affirm-
ed that this question was to be decided by authori-
ty, and, charging certain eminent gentlemen with
having changed their opinions on the subject of the
currency, he supposed this fact to be a powerful ar-
gument against the bill. Sir, I differ entirely from
that honorable gentleman. Politicians may change
with the moon, but their conduct should not ar-
rest the progress of great and valuable principles.
The'haman mind is so much influenced by preju-
dice, so often governed by circumstances, and is so
circumscribed in its vision, that the best and wisest
are liable to error. Must we, therefore, ever conti-
nue in the wrong, and must we never yield to the
lessons of experience? Mr. Van Buren was in fa-
vor of the "safety fund" system of New York, and
Mr. Calhoun once advocated the establishment of
a National Bank; but do these things justify the
assertion that they are dishonest in recommending
this measure; or are they sufficient to draw you, or
me, or any honorable member.from its zealous sup-
port? Sir, I think and act independently on all
occasions; the people whom I represent are too proud
and too generous to expect a base subserviency to
any man or any party; all that they wish is an
honest devotion to their welfare, and a conscien-
tious discharge of the solemn duties required by the
Constitution.
Sir, if this bill contain in its vomb but a small
portion of the evils which its enemies have foretold,
it is the worst measure ever introduced into a de-
liberative assembly. We have heard that the pub-
lic treasure will be surrendered to thieves and rob-
bers; that the President will have the power of an
Eastern potentate, and that the "credit system," the
source ef all our prosperity, will be overthrown,
and this flourishing country revert to its pristine
barbarism. These are the exaggerations of heated
zeal and distempered fancy. Hatred of the party
in power has blinded honorable gentlemen; hops,
which has so often tantalized them with the pros-
pect of success, and has been so often disappointed,
has filled them with intemperate ardor, and made
them forget that the minds of others are not subject
to the samejobscuration. The hackneyed politician,
whose sole' object is to attain success, and the paid
advocate of special interests, will use every means
To "xcite the public feeling, and delude the public
judgment, but it is matter oí astonishment that high-
minded statesmen should fall into such extravagan-
ces. I doubt not the sincerity of other honorable mem-
bers, but after an earnest investigation of the merits
of this bill,and after tearing from my heart every pre-
judice which might lead me from the path of truth,
I feel assured that the success of this measure will
be of lasting benefit to the Government, the country,
and all its interests.
The bill proposes that the public revenue shall be
kept by the public officers, by men appointed for
that purpose according to the laws of the land, and
it forbids the receipt at the Treasury of any thing
but gold and silver, the legal currency of the coun-
try. These simple principles are the essence of the
measure, and on them will depend its usefulness and
efficiency, either as a fissal agent of the Govern-
ment, or in its incidental bearin  on the industry of
the Union. Gentlemen have said that they are con-
trary to the genius of our institutions, that they are
more congenial to the despotisms of the old World,
and more in unison wiih the habits and feelings of an
enslaved people.   To test the truth of these asser-
H. of Reps.
tions, let us go to the fountain of our legislation,
whose pure and Lving waters aie yet refresh-
ing to the patriot and statesman—to the
Constitution itself. That instrument authorizes
the President and the Senate to appoint subordi-
nate officers, to assist in managing the  affairs ot
i    this Governmeni.    It says nothing of corporations,
I and the infeience, that its authors intended to im-
pose all the duties, arising under the Constitution,
on persons selected according to law, and liable to
its penalties, is not unreasonable. Congress has
power to "coin money," and the States are for-
bidden to "emit bills of credit," or to "make any
thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment
of debts," but no mention is made of bank paper,
no authority is given to make use of the promis-
sory notes of private associations, and it is not
illogical to suppose that our fathers endeavored t 
establish a hard money Government.    There were
( banks in this country and in Europe, when the
Federal convention was in session; the conveni-
ence of these institutions was known and under-
stood by its members, and their silence is unac-
¡ countable, if corporations be so necessary for the
1 keeping of the public money, and if the demand of
gold and silver be so hostile to liberty and social
improvement. I am not saying that we are for-
bidden to receive paper, and to deposite it in banks,
but I wish to show that this bill is not incompatible
with the Constitution; indeed, I consider it in strict
accordance with its spirit, a faithful performance
of the wishes of its framers, who never dteamed of
the interpretation of modern commentators. Here,
then, I might [stop, and ask our opponents for their
authority. The burden of proving ihe measure in-
efficient or dangerous lies on their shoulders, and
something more than loud denunciation is neces-
'   sary to satisfy ths public mind.
An honorahle member from New York [Mr.
Barnard] said that the real object of the bill was
to "govern" or to "regulate" the State banks,
though its title was "A bill for the collection, safe-
keeping, transfer and disbursement of the public
revenue." He thought it analogous to the tariff
laws, which were passed for the benefit of domes-
tic manufactures, whilst they were called acts for
Ihe collection of revenue; and he seemed to think
it difficult for some of us I® "digest" a measure
of such a character. The gentleman is entirely mis-
taken, at least to one of those who support this bi 1.
If its effect on the currency and business of the
country would be wholesome, its passage is still
' more desirable; but I view it principally as an en-
gine of the Treasut y to manage the national reve-
nues, and I am the more anxious for its success,
because it obviates the necessity of a measure odi-
ous to the people, and destructive to the harmony
of the country. Sir, I do not belong to that school
of politicians, who,  under the c'oak of doing one
,    thing, aie aiming at another, not sanctioned by Ihe
I Constitution. An honest man will not cheat his
neighbor, neither will he commit a fraud in the Le-
gislature of the Union, for the triumph of party, or
the still more despicable purpose of taxing one por-
tion of the people for the advantaee of another."
But gentlemen are distrustful of individuals; they
think that corporations alone are safe depositaries
of Ihe public funds.    A tingle  per-on is fit for the
' | Presidency, though the dest-ny of fifteen millions of
people is placed in his hands; a judge on the bench
must decide questions involving the lives and for-
tunes of his fellow-citizens, and each one of us is
truste I with the performance of great and solemn
duties to the people and the Constitution. Can it
be that the President and the Senate would be una-
ble to find men sufficiently honest to take charge of
a few dollars and cents? If there be so little inte-
grity in the country, why do these moneyed institu-
tions themselves pat confidence in their officers and
directors? How was the public money kept during
the war of the Revolulton, uh-n there were no
banks in existence? Other nations use individual
depositaries, yet there is no complaint of los^ no
absolute necessity of changing theirsjstem. Greece
and Rome carried on their mighty con juests, and
filled their exchequers with the spoils ot the world,
and their treasure was confided to the care of indi-
viduals.
Gentlemen are willing that the rev«nue should
