Jnne, 1640.____________
26th Coxg.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
Independent Treasury—Mr, Shepard.
H. of Reps.
and his party were charged with endeavonn? to de-
stroy the late National Bank; and yet it became
strenger among <he raerchan s and traders, b.cau^-e
they believed ii to be sound; usefulness and safety,
being the tejts which govern the opinions of pru-
dent and practical men. A few years ago the State
of North Carolina forbade its officers to receive
notes under fire dollars, and made their circulation
penal, and yet they came from the adjoining States,
temporary convenience triumphing over principle.
Gentlemen need not fear that confidence will be
destroyed; the danger to be apprehended is too lit-
tle suspicion, too much dependence on the honesty
and intelligence of the mony dealers. The office
of currency is to present a uniform standard of va-
lue, and furnish the means by which commodities
may be exchanged and contracts regulated; in this
countiy it is mixed, composed of coin and paper,
the last greatly preponderating. The relations of
business demand, and will have, a sufficiency of
thi3 circulating medium; the refusal of paper by
Government will alter the proportions heretofore
existing; there will be more specie and less paper;
more of the substantial, and not quite so much of
the convenient; more strength, and a little less ac-
tivity.
When the public funds consisted of promissory
Botes,and were deposited in banks, they formed the
basis of new loans, and in some cases were used as
capital, though in reality they were the simple ob-
ligations of these institutions themselves. If, in-
stead ol having this deposite, they be called on to
redeem fire millions of previous promises, it is not
astonishing that all interested in large issues should
be violently opposed to this bill. According to
safe practice, a banker can lend in paper ihree
times more than he has in coin; and if he lose the
advantage of the Federal revenue, his circulation
will be curtailed probably to the amount of twenty
millions of dollars. This result may be unpalata-
ble to the receivers of dividends, and to those whose
prospect of wealth is dependent on heavy loans and
endless credit; but in placing a moderate and whole-
seme check on the manufacture of paper, this bill
confers a great benefit on the people, who are deep-
ly concerned in the maintenance of a sound and
steady currency.
The history of banking shows a constant prohe-
ness to overaction; the anxiety of the stockholder to
make large profits, and the greediness of the bor-
rower, who too often is a mere speculator, seduce
all parties beyond the limits of prudence. The for-
mer thinks that the demand for his notes is caused
by the business of the country, and the latter ima-
gines the supply to proceed from real, active ca-
pital. This may be true to a certain extent; bnt as
paper increases, the price of property rises, and,
reacting on the banks, induces greater expansion.
These alternate influences continue to operate, un-
til the condition of things is entirely artificial, the
trading men being deeply indebted to the banks,
and these utterly unable to redeem their obligations.
While the flood is going on, it is easy and agreeable
to glide in the current. High wages, high prices,
and plenty of money, make us rejoice in the pros-
perity of the country; but when there is a reflux of
the tide, and debtors are called on to pay, unre-
warded labor, the sacrifice of property, and "bard
times," mark the period of contraction. Self-inte-
re;-t is the guide and counsellor of these trading
companies. The object of the capitalist is not to
furnish a good currency to the people, but to make
a profitable investment of his money. If it be ad-
vantageoos to extend the business, it is done without
earing for the soundness of the circulating medium;
and if it be necessary to "stop accommodations," the
decree gees forth amidst the groans and sorrows of a
ruined community. In many cases, canning and un-
scrupulous men creep into the command of there
insulations; they act for the benefit of themselves,
their friends, and confederates, regarding neiiher
the interests of stockholders, nor the welfare of the
conntry. Such persons are worthy of the gallows.
Bat if the managers of the system be honest, and
disposed to do their duty, how can they avoid the
periodical crises under which we suffer? Where
is the index to point out the [limit of issues, beyond
which it were unsafe to ge? Who can tell when
to* demand for paper ceases tobe natural, and the
cravings of a morbid appetite begin to operate?
It is said that the foreign exchange is 'he test; that,
if specie be exported, tbe currency is redundant
and should be contracted. This is a remarkable
principle; the evil has occurred, and the community
is injured, though the banker may moderate the
mischief by listening to the warning received from
countries across the water, that have a sounder
currency. Should it happen, however, as is the
case in England, that the foreign nation, with
which we have dealings, has al o expanded her
circulating medium, the state of exchanges will not
indicate the disease; or if we borrow large sums of
money from European capitalist", the test is com-
pletely destroyed ; indeed the rate of exchange
would be in our favor, and yet we might be gasping
from a plethora of paper. Sir, so long as companies,
organized for private purposes, and pursuing pri-
vate objects, have the entire control of the cur-
rency, and are assisted by the funds and power of
the Government, so long will the standard of value
be rendered uncertain, the condition of our citizens
fluctuating, and their best interests placed in con-
stant jeopardy. It is ridiculous to ask a remedy of
those who are thinking only ot themselves; these
corporations have received their privileges from Go-
vernment, and all that is now asked is to di-
minish, in a slight degree, the dangerous monopo-
ly. The refusal of paper at the custom-bouse and
land office will remind the banker that he is liable
for the payment of his notes; he will be called on
daily for the precious metals, and he will become
more scrupulous in the use of his credit I am not
sanguine in the hope that this measure will pro-
duce a complete reform; it will certainly abate the
the evil, and the Federal Government has not au-
thority to do more. If these abuses continue to af-
flict the country, the power of the States must be
invoked for a correction.
A learned member fiom Massachusetts [Mr.
Cdshing] seems to think that the prorperity of a
country is commensurate with the quantity of its
circulating media . If the currency be some-
thing valuable, its increase is undoubtedly
an evidence. of industry and enterprise, but
considered as a mere instrument of commerce,
as a means to effectuate a particular pur-
pose, as a measure of value and exchange, its
excellence depends on its efficiency for the de-
sired object. A railway between two large cities
may be useful and profitable; but if another be
constructed, though the former could convey all
the passenger?, and transport all the merchand se
that was to be carried, ata fair pr'ce, the useful sess
of both would be diminished, and a portion < f the
expenditure would be a loss to the community. If
fifty millions of dollars be able to keep in motion
the plough, the ship, and the shuttle, and per-
form the contracts of trade, what good could be
obtained by doubling this sum? Money would te
depreciated, and all kinds of property would rise
in the market; corn might be sold for six dollars
instead of three, but the farmer would pay in the
same proportion for land and labor, for the com-
forts and luxuries of life, and for the education of
his children. In a country where improvsm-nt i«
constantly going on, where new lands are opening,
where cities are building, and the mechanic arts are
rapidly approaching perfection, there must be a
gradual increase of the currency, but it should be
according to the wants of business not the caprice
and selfishness of individuals. Gent emen need
not fear a deficiency; if trade be left to itself, if
bankers be put < n the same footing with other in-
dustrious classes, if credit be free as the air of hea-
ven, tbe circulating medium will be adapted to the
capabilities of the country, to its varied industry,
and gigantic enterprises.
Honorable members are addicted to beingeloquent
when speaking of the happy effects of a swollen
currency. The poor young man, starling into life
with no capital bat his moral qualities, the hidden
resources 01 the country bronght to light and mi-
nistering to our greatness, the high wages which
carry solace to the wearied laborer and his humble
family, are topics on which they disport in their
peculiar strain of declamation. Why will they
not sometimes yiew the dark side of the picture?
Why will they not notice those periods of our his-
tory when the banks ate retracing their hasty steps 
when the price of alt articles is brought down 
when labor is a'most worthless, when the debor is
pressed to the earth, and one universal cry of dis-
tress prrvadf s the land? Bt tween the years of 1816
and 1821, during the existence of the late National
Bank, fifty millions of paper were drawn from cir-
cularon; previous expansions had created the hea-
ven in which gentlemen delight, but the banks
were forced to call on their debtors in order to sus-
tain their own credit, and thence began the fall of
prices, the destruction of property, and the derange-
ment of business, so well known to those acquaint-
ed with commercial affairs. Since that time, simi-
lar events have occurred, though not of a character
so disastrous; and now we are in the midst of a
paper revolution, unequalled for its extent and ap-
palling consequences, crashing the merchants, em-
barrassing the artisan, and depriving the laborer of
the common necessaries of life. Can these fluctu-
ations benefit any class of the people, or advance
any species of industry? If we are pushed forward
by expansion, we are dranged farther back than
our old position by contraction. This countiy
does not need an artificial stimulus—the spirit of
our people is not broken by the despot's frown; the
reward of industry is tempting beyond example;
the field for enterprise is rich and varied; the fear
is that we may advance too rapidly, that our
strength will not be equal to our growth, and that
we may be wanting in those great qualities of vir-
tue, stability and moral exce'lenc?, which elevate
and adorn a nation.
Some gentlemen have been seized with a won-
derful regard for the inst'tutions of the States; lips
which have poured forth scorn and derision upon
the doctrine of State rights, have lately used most
honeyed phrasss, and invoked the South to inter-
fere and reject a measure that will destroy their
local banks. Sir, the leal object of this pretended
sympathy is to play on tbe teelings of honorable
members, and use them to advance a measure con-
demned by our constituents, and utterly repugnant
to their interests; the hope is to destroy this bill,
and establish a great National Bank, which is so
friendly to the States and so little hostile to their
own corporations-! Let us compare the effect of
such an institution with that of the Independent
Treasury. According to the act of 1816, the offi-
cers of the revenue received the notes of any bank
which paid specie at the place of reception, or the
notes of the National Bank payable any where.
If the collector at Charleston took the paper of a
local bank, it was deposited in the branch of the
national institution, whose manager immediately
demanded payment, which was effected by means
of specie or a draft on Europe. This Government
would not touch the notes of Sta'e bank?, except
for a moment, to suit the temporary convenience
of the citizen, but it gave strength and circulation
to the issues of the great mammoth. How then can
(he passage of this bill injure the State corpora-
tion ? Under no circumstances caathey be bene-
fited by the receipt and disbursement of the Federal
revenue. In addition to this, the paper of a Na-
tional Bank would find its way to the channels
now occupied by that of the local institutions hav-
ing the advantages which would be conferred by
law, and the credit which would be given by the
countenance of Government, it would be a favo-
rite with the public, and periorm much of the duty
now devolved on its rirals, and of course leap the
best ol tbe harvest. The friends of the National
Bank are therefore the enemies of the State corpo-
rations; the refusa. of paper in this bill will be a
wholesome check on its issue, but we do not also
present a competitor in the market for the business
of the people.
Mr. Chairman, one of the strongest arguments
in favor of this measure, is its tendency to intro-
duce stricter habitsof economy, and to make the
people understand any malversation which may
occur in the conduct of their affairs. In 1824 and
1828, under the pretence of collecting revenue,
laws were passed imposing heavy taxes on the
people of this country, for the purpose of pro-
tecting domestic manufactures. I shall not descant
on the subject, but will merely remark that these
enactments were considered unjust and oppressive
