í«e
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
26ia Cong""1it Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Shepard.
H. of Reps.
by those who did not participate in the bounties
grantedj they were contrary to those modern prin-
ciples of philosophy, which teach that commerce
should be tree and industry unrestricted; they were
in violation of the spirit of the Constitution, which
forbids that the Government should be prostituted
to the interests of a paritcular class or section of
I hi  wide spread confederacy.   Under their opera-
lion, large sums of money were collected from the
people, which were not necessary for the public
service; in a short time the national debt was liqui-
dated, as if the present generation alone should
pay the price of our liberties, and the most ridicu-
loas,  expensive,   and   unconstitutional   schemes
were projected to absorb the revenue, and yet there
was a surplus in the Treasury of forty millions of
dollars.  Sir, does the history of Bngand or France,
or even Turkey, exhibit a policy so unjust and
foolish?   Monarchs have taken the property of
thtir subjects to carry on war, by which their am-
bition might be gratified, their territories increased,
and their families eniiched; but in this Republic, esta-
blished for the benefit of the whole people, whose an-
cestors refused to pay King George a small tribute,
we have an instance of levying more taxes than
are wanted,or could be wisely spent!  This fund
was deposited in the banks, which loaned it out to
the real owners at an interest of six per cent, and
kept them from feeling the burden that had been
imposed; but finally, the authors of this miserable
system of  duplicity   and plunder, to conceal the
enormity of their conduct, proposed that these mil-
lions of dollars should be distributed among the
States.     Thus trading politicians, combined with
the representatives of selfish and grasping interests,
passed laws for the benefit of the few, at the ex-
pense of the many, and, when the result of the p >
licy began to be manifest, a cunning scheme is de-
vised to blind the eyes of the country, by returning
the money which had been improperly se zed, and
by endeavoring to have it believed that this Go-
vernment was a paternal benefactor.   Sir, do yon
think that the juggling conspirators could have con-
summated the plan of deception, if the revenue hai
been paid in gold and silver, and been kept by the
public officers?     If forty millions of coin had been
accumulated in the Treasury, every branch of in-
i      das try wou'd have suffered so intensely that the
people would have seen the real natnre of these hy-
pocritical enactments, and with one voice, from
Maine to Louisiana, demanded a repeal.   Such is
the beautiful operation  of this measure, that the
Government and banks are made to exert on each
other an indirect but wholesome influence; the de-
mand for specie will tend to keep the issues of pa-
per within proper limits, and unjust or improvident
legislation will receive a sure check from its bear-
ing on the moneyed interests of the people.
Mr. Chairman, I have been amused at the vari-
ous and contradictory objection which have been
made to the passage of this bill.   One member
tells us  that most of the coin will  be collected at
New Yorlt, and it must be transferred to different
places where it may be wanted by the Government,
and thence it will return by the course of trade to
the city fiom which it came; he concludes there-
fore, that specie will be travelling about the coun-
try, and keeping commercial affairs in consent
agitation, as if drafts, payable at the depositary in
New York, and sent to St. Louis, for instance,
would not   be readily cashed  by merchants   or
bankers of that city, who s'and in need of Eastern
unds, and thus prevent the movement of a single
dollar.   Another member opines that a great bank
is to be erected, where all the specie of the country
will be hoarded, and paper will be issued to take the
place of oar present curreney, as if this bill coun-
tenances or approver of any scuh project, or does
not con'ain provisions, which a fair and honorable
statesman would consider   utterly hostile to the
life of a monster so obnoxious.   A third gentleman
is stoffVd by his   eader* with both  tbe?e idea?; and
not  perceiving their  incon^tency, he pours them
forth wi:h all the gravity of conviction, and con-
gratulates himsef with bavin  dealt a heavy blew
on the Independent Treasury and it-s supporters,
when his simplicity has only excited their pity or
laughter.   8ir, honorable members are compelled
to resort to their old tactics; overthrown in argu-
ment, they create men of straw of vast dimension ,
and bad propensities, against whom they war most
lustily, or charges of corruption and imbecility
are made against the Administration, which finally
sinks into the awful crimes of buying a few flowers,
or eating with a silver spoon, or using a cambric
handkerchief. The object nf this virulent slander
and pretty persecution, is to divert the public mind
from the real issue, to keep the people from con-
sidering the great questions which they are called
to decide, and slyly elevate a party whose heart's
desire is to establish a National Bank.
The beauties of such an institution have been
often portrayed to this House, and to the country.
A circulating medium at par throughout the Union
—domestic exchanges regular, and at a small charge
—the State banks compelled to redeem their issues
—these are the boasted blessings to be conferred by
a National Bank! It is certainly convenient for
travellers to have a paper currency, that will b - re-
ceived in all the States; bnt they constitute an ex-
ceedingly small part of the community, aDd the
trouble of taking a few gold pieces would save
them from the loss and annoyance of using the
notes of local corporations. This advantage is
also counterbalanced by another consideration; it
is not the ability of a National Bank, or the skill
with which it might be managed, that gives a gene-
ral currency'to its bills, but the Federal Govern-
ment receives them in payment of dues, and thus
gives them credit in sections far distant from the
place of redemption. Were the nyte of any bank
or an individual stamped with such an authority,
it also would go every where and be eagerly sought
after; the granting of this favor to a special associ-
ation is a great monopoly, and can only be justified
by the overruling law of necessity.
Exchange between two points depends on the
business of commerce, on the productions sold and
the merchandise purchased, and on the relations
subsisting between them as debtor and creditor.
Natural causes, therefore, govern exchange, and if
there be no tampering, no interference by the Le-
gislature, it will always be on a proper footing; no
body complains of exchange between New York
and Liverpool, and merchants would think it ridi-
culous to speak of regulating it by a bank; for it it
rarely much above or below the par standard. If
a trader in New Orleans had one thousand dollars
to pay a debt in Philadelphia, and a draft could not
be bought on fair terms,, he could transport the mo-
ney by water, at the small expense of one or two
per cent. This is done in all parts of the world,
end where is the need of an artificial rnler, who
will always have private interests in view, and se-
cret objects to attain? When gentlemen talk on
this subject, they should distinguish between the ex-
change of equal values, and the exchange of bank-
er's paper. There is no difficulty about the first; and
as to the various depreciations of the last, these
must be corrected by ceasing to screen them from
the penalties of the law, and by the stern sense of
an honest community.
Bat, sir, we are told that a corporation of large
capital, chartered by this Government, and sus-
tained by its revenues, would furnish a paper me-
dium equivalent to specie, would control the issues
of State banks, and prevent those expansions and
contractions of the currency that so often convulse
the country. I grant that the powers of such an
iustitiiion, wielded with prudence, wisdom, and pa-
triotism, would produce a happy effect; and, if
such qualit;es were often found among men, the
Stale corporations themselves would not require a
master, but would perform their duties faithfully.
What reason have we to think, however, that more
virtue, good sense, and love of country, will be
found in the managers of a National Bank, than in
those of the Stale institutions? Will not the offi-
ces of e*ch be distributed by intrigue and favorit-
ihm? Will not all be equally desirous of large di-
vidends? Will not all be closely importuned by
needy borrowers and restless speculators? Where
is the lest of sound operations that will be accessi-
ble to the one and not to the other? Why should
the President of the great company heed the signs
of a coming storm, and prepare for its fury, more
readily than his humble and weaker brethren? Sir,
the truth is manifest, that the same tendency to
overaction pervades the whole system—he same
liability to err, and the same want of means to
avoid the fatal consequences of mismanagement.
Great Britain has a National Bank of im-
mense resources; and yet, from 1797 to 1823,
that corporation could not redeem its own
notes. Within the last twelve months, it has been
on the verge of suspension, having been saved by
borrowing millions from Prance; and so far from
controlling the small banks, her directors have
charged the late disasters on those companies. Be-
h*>ld, too, the Bank of the United States, that has
attracted so much attention during the last few
years! Was the paper currency sound, stable, and
worthy of confidence, from 1816 to 1821? Have
there been no sudden expansions and contractions,
at one time maddening the public mind with the
exciting stimulus, and at another destroying the
hopes and blighting the prospects which a selfish
policy had caused to. spring form? Let the mer-
chant, let the honest citizen, answer at the bar of
his country. Where bow is this great institution,
the model of finance, the cynosure of all eyes, the
everlasting topic of eloquence and declamation?
Almost in a stale of hopeless bankruptcy, the pity
of its friends, and the scorn of its enemies. Ought
this to have been its condition at the end of a long
career, if there be so much magic, so great safety
and excellence in a National institution? Where
was the skill and wisdom of its directory, the saga-
city which could penetrate into the future? where
the lofty bearing of strength and confidence? Sir,
have they passed away in the energy that marked
the progress of a bold and violent warfare?
Whatever force may be in the statements of
honorable gentlemen'as to the usefulness of their
favorite measure, is weakened by the fear that its
privileges might be exerted to the detriment of the
country. We have a diversity of climate, soil, and
population. One State is agricultural, another ma-
nufacturing, a third commercial, or there may be
rivals in the same pursuit. And is there no danger
that an institution of great power might be prosti-
tuted to sectional purposes? A charter granted
to-morrow would aggregate capital from all
parts of the trading world. It would soon
belong to foreigners and vagrant natives, and it
would be controlled by a few merchants and bro-
kers of New York or Philadelphia. In these men
would be uniied the money dealer, and the local
partisan; profit would be the first object, and 1he
aggrandisement of their city or section the next
consideration. Would they care for the well-beia;
of a distant community, if it came in conflict with
their own interests? Would an appeal from those with
whom they have no sympathies of feeling reach their
hearts and influence their conduct? Cold and cal-
culating, they might sweep from existence the State
banks, established to foster the dawning commerce
of our ancient sovereignties, and create a depend-
ence on themselves throughout this extensive em-
pire. They might concentrate thi trade of the coun-
try, at particular points, when the wishes and well 
fare of those who?e industry has brought it into ex-
istence, would give it another direction. Sir, cani
vote to place the happiness and the prosperity of my
constituents at the command of strangers, who know
them not? Can I give to a few bankers the control
of their commerce, and the regulation of their indus-
try? Should I become ihe servile instrument of
cunning politicians, who, having national words on
their lips, are entirely governed by local feelings,
and assist in sacrificing my own home and my ovn
friends, to pamper the pride and increase the wealh
of the people of other sections? No, sir, let this Go-
vernment be separated from all banks, let it raise
aloft the standard of the Constitution as the guide
of the country and the protector of the people; let it
warn men of business from the shoals and quick-
sands, hid under the smooth current of unsound
credit; let it be the signal of safely in Ihe hour of
distress, the solid bulwark of national honor amid t
the rage of disastrous speculation and th? petty
tricks of temporary expediency! The enemies
of this grea- doctrine have endeavored to
degrade it into a mercenary scheme for the
benefit of the public officers. This view is more
consistent with the narrowness of their own mind 
and the bitterness of political feeling, than the inv
