June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6sl
26th Cong.......16T Sess.
Innependtnt Treasury—Mr. Anderson.
Beiate.
portant consequences that will flow from its adop-
tion, either to the advantage or the injury of our
¿ascendants.   My own opinion is, that the connec-
tion which has «listed between the Government and
the moneyed class of our citizns, was corruptive of
bota.   It did not advance the permanent interests
of society, and, if prolonged, might so change the   |
character of our institutions, as to render profitless
the blood and treasure that weie expended in their
establishment.    This subject has caused all the
strife and turmoil that have made the last eight
rears so memorable in oar history.   The party in
power refused to rechaner the late National Bank,
whose stockholders immediately threw themselves
into the arms  of  the Opposition, and the ques-
tion became ihe prominent topic of political con-
troversy.   Qener«l Jackson was charged with de-
signing   tamper with that institution; and he re-
torted with accusing the Bank of using Us funds in I
operating on the public mind.   Members of Con-
gress and men of influence received loans or high |
compensations for service, which were stigmatized
as bribes aad the varying state of ihe Bank's dis-
counts, was said to be without rererence to the busi-
ness ot the country, and inter ded to produce panic
aad uneasiness thoughout the land.   The removal
of the deposites was proclaimed an act of tyranny,
and defended as neee«sary to curb a bold and in-
triguing   corporation.    The   substitution  of  the
St !  banks to keep the public money was hailed as a delive-
rance," whilst  the Opposition   considered them   mere  poli-
tical   machines,  brought up| to aid the policy   of a corrupt
Adrmruairauo .   I know nothing of the truth of these charges
and criminations, though to this day they   are believed by
thousands of honest and intelligent citizens     The secret do-
ings of {factions,   and  the  private arrangements of  public
men can «ever be fully understood, but in matters of this
bod a well grounded  suspici m   is   sufficient   for   an  ar-
gument,   nd   patriotism  bids   us   to   he  ever  watchful in
curding the purity of our noble institutions    An  associa-
tion of capitalists prays for the grant of extraordinary privile-
ges, eren the power ot controlling the commerce, regulating
the industry, and valuing the property of fifteen millions of
people.   This u refused; and it is unreasonable to suppose
that these men would use uncommon efforts to attain their
objects')    Would  they  scruple   to   form   an   alliance  with
needy politicians, that were ui search of new weapons to at-
tack their adversaries1!   Would they hesitate to work zealously
la (he cause of a party, whose elevation   will   redound   to
their own personal advantage?    Or, let us suppose that an
ambitious  Executive shall unite  with the  moneyed power
for mutual  assistance,   the one using the influence of sta-
tion to obtain  for his ally a valuable monopoly, and the
other endeavoring to  wrest from   the people obedience to
a tyrannical chief, by adroit'y operating on their business
and   affecting    their    pecuniary   condition.     If  a   Presi-
dent,   endeared   to   the   people   by   his eminent qualities,
and sustained  by the patronage  of the  Government, found
n difficult to withstand • wealthy corporation, is it not to be
feared that a coalition of the political and moneyed influences of
the country would be perfectly irresistible!   No one supposes
that a direct assault would be made on public liberty, for we
are not prepared to bend the knee to a master, but the offices of
the country would be used to gratify the ambition of corrupt
politician*, and its legislation, would be directed according to
the selfish purposes  f individuals, and not for the glory and wel-
fare  f the whole people    Should this bill become a law, and
the declaration go forth that privileges and immunities be no
longer oooferresi on private associations, our poliucians will
not oe tempted from the path of duty by the hope of making
selfish partisans, and no class m our  extensive country  will
have us feelings and opinion  of public affairs affected by other
considerations than those of enlarged patriotism.
Honorable gentlemen have spoken strongly of Ihe injury in-
flicted on all branches of industry by the strife which we have
witaesaedduring the last eight years.   They have been pleased
to say thai the''war on the cunency" has deranged business,
destroyed confidence, and wasted the means of the people; and
they conclude that nothing but a return to the old paths will
insure safety to trade, stability to agncu Iture, and wages to the
honest laborer.   Sir, T draw a different moral from the past; u
teaches that a barrier should be raised between politicians and
bankers, that no future opportunity should be given for agitat-
ing the country, and mixing private affairs with the intrigues
of politics.   What careth the Jew for [he cries of his victim, if
lie obtain toe "pound of flesh?"   When did the spirit of party
lístente the suggestions of reason?   The ignorant and bigoted
partisan will use any weapon to overthrow an opponent—pa-
triotism has no abiding place in his heart—the sentiment of
honor is buried m the desire of «neceas—nothing too low or con-
temptible for his alliance—nothing so sacred as to escape pot-
loo —ay,  he would sacrifice   the   honor ©f his   lather,
and the fame of his mother, to gain a miserable  triumph.
It is wise, then, to separate the Government freth the business
of the people.   If gentlemen sueceed and renew the connec-
tion, the struggle will be continued by those whe honestly en-
tertain the principles we advocate; and the mere Swiss, who
fight for bread and popularity, will ever he ready to keep up
strife ana turmoil.   Is it not best, then, for the agriculturist, the
merchant, the mechanic, and the laborer, to have fwace and
c?rtainty? the dews of heaven will fall, and thegram will spring
forth under the industry of man—economy, skill, and ingenuity
will push to supremacy our infant manufactures—enterprise
will spread over every ocean our glorious banner, and all that
Is necessary, is pro'ection from the Government.
Every «in knows what he can do, what are his means, and
what h s capacity; the eagerness for improving his condition
will stimulate him to great efforts; the resources of the coun-
try will be developed, and its wants supplied by the good sense
of the petple, if they be left te themselves. Freedom is the
life-blood of our institutions: let it be extended to all things and
*° every occupation.   If bank paper be useful, it will continue
,n the service of the country; if it be a curse, time will moderate
the evil, until a substitute can be prepared.   But let the Federal
Govennent desist Irom granting special favors, or conferring
extraordinary privileges on any class of the people    Wherever
this has occurred, under whatever pretence julers have acted,
the invariable result has been to oppress the great mass, ana
ultimately te diminish the strength and wealth of the country-
Great Britain piohibits the enti y of foreign corn, until the do-
mestic article rises to a high price, and thousands of the poor
rarely have then hunger satisfied.   The excuse for such legisla-
don is most patriotic; but when it is remembered that Parliament
is «ompased of landholders, who must have  large incomes
to support them in luxury and extravagance,  every sensi-
ble man will beheld a mean and sordid motive in English states-
men.   In the annals of Rome, we read of contests between the
patricians and plebeians; and one would suppose that the latter
designed to rob the former of their property, but modern histo-
rians have discovered that the Senate wished to divide the na-
tional domain among its own memners, and this was the origin
of their intestine commotions.   Whether the Government be
monarchical, anstocratical, or of any other form, there will
always be an effort to use it for private purposes.   The king
will think of himself and family; the nobles will desire to per
petuate their authority; and the ambitious portion of a Republic
wtll struggle to escape from an equality odious to their pride,
and destructive to their hopes of living without labor and at the
expense of their neighbors.   Sir, now is a propitious lime for
destroy ng this loathsome seed of discord; let us* send forth the
declaration that no class of the people, and no kind of industry,
is to receive peculiar patronage from this Government; all should
depend on their own exertions, and eveiy occupation should
live or die, according to its fitness for the country, and the skill
of tho*  who pursue it
These arc the doctrines contained in the bill on your table—
they are the doctrines ol the Constitution—they are the bul-
warks of civil liberty; and without them, any form of Govern-
ment will become a nuisance and a tyranny. And whilst we
are struggling in the glorious cause, will the people forget their
faithful friends, and desert their ancient principles'* Can they
be drawn off by a hue and cry abou t small faults, and perm it an
enemy, whom they have often conquered, to re establish his
power? Are low debauch and disgusting charlatanry to be
substituted for reason and reflection? If so, we are unworthy
of the blessings lor which our fathers suffered, and we are pre-
pared to be slaves.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, June 25, 1840.    ,
Mr. ANDERSON addressed the Sépate as fol-
lows:
Mr. President: The bill npon youf table is now
on its final passage-, and I rise, sir, with very great
reluctance, to ask the indulgent attention of the Se-
nate, while I state, inVhe briefest ^possible manner,
the reasons which willinduce meio record my vote
against it. There arfe occasion!, sir, when a man
may not be excused fpr his silfn.ee; and so I think
my duty, under the present circumstances, to the
State which I have the honorin part to represent,
demands of me that I should hear, thus publicly, my
testimony against this danjferous and searchin
measure.
My distinguished coUeaéue, before the recom-
mitment of the former blll/ook the occasion, then,
to express his entile disapprobation of the adoption
of any general bankrupt law at this time, whatever
might be its provisions, and adverted to the fact
that he had no reason to suppose that Tennessee
wished a system of this kind.   I concurred most
fully in the views which he entertained, and have
now   to  state, that  I have not myself,  up to
this   time,    received    any   evidence   that   the
opinions of the people of Tennessee are in favor
of the passage of a bankrupt law.   It may well be
supposed, therefore, that at the moment when such
a mighty power is about to be brought into  ex-
istence, in a crisis of such peculiar character as that
which now pervades this country, I should feel the
deepest anxiety for the result, which may, perhaps,
fall most unwelcomely, and unexpectedly, upon my
constituents.
This bill provides that all persons may become
bankrupts at their election, upon petition, verified by
oath, and stating their inability to pay their debts;
and that a certain other class, including the mer-
chants, shall be liable to be made bankrupts, under
particular and specified circumstances. It has been
partially modified with a view to protect the interests
of the creditor, by amendments offered by my dis-
tinguished friend [Mr. Wright] from New York.
Several propositions which he made, intended to ef-
fect this object toa greater extent, I regret to say
it was the pleasure of the Senate, by very small ma-
jorities, toxeject. I voted for most of them, in or-
der to make this bill less exceptionable than I be-
lieved it to be, as originally reported by the select
committee. Still, sir, I look upon it as a measure
teeming with mischiefs of no ordinary character, to
the highest welfare of the Republic.
I shall not now advert to the constitutional ques-
tions which this bill involves. They have already
been fully and-ably discussed by others, and I shall,
therefore, call the attention of the Senate to the expe-
diency and probable results of this measure.   Icon-
fess, sir, I cannot contemplate its passage, without
the deepest solicitude for the interests and character
of our common country.   Without, as it seems to
me, sufficient evidence of public opinion, we are
pushing it lorward with an ardor, and a haste, for
which we can ofter no adequate justification.   We
have before us the progress of more than fifty years
of fruitful experience, and it is now nearly forty
since we dismissed from our statute book, with dis-
gust and indignation, the trial of this system, which
was made in eighteen hundred.   We had then a
population of not much more than four millions of
people, and the difference between that number and
sixteen millions—between thirteen independent so-
vereignties and twenty-six of greater magnitude—
with our agriculture, commerce, and manufactures
multiplied in a far higher proportion—with the pur-
suits of men not only augmented, but in the general
progression of every thing immensely diversified'
beyond any former example, has added much to the
increased importance ot the question under consi-
deration, and, as I think, to the doubtful character oi
its policy.   Sir, in such circumstances, what are
we about to dol   We seem upon the very verge oí
exercising a power which is destined to search this
vast and extended population—to try its most vital
interests—to take absolute and summary possession
of the great relations of   creditor and debtor—
to supersede,   at   a single step,   long  establish-
ed   opinions—to   overlay   the    varied    custom*
and   legislation of   twenty-six   States,   differing
widely in their interests.   All this is to be done ay
e*e gveat, paramount, Inflexible, and uniform law—
a law which tramples beneath its foot the private
rights of individuals, and the judicial power of the
States, which interposes for relief, or remedy, be-
tween the creditor  and the debtor—a law which
carries with it into twenty-six distinct and inde-
pendent jurisdictions more than the power of the
writ  of summons, and more than the power  of
the writ of possession.   Release is founded upon the
oath, and fraud legally presumed at the will of the
applicant.   The house and the lands of the citizen
are to be taken without notice or preparation.  The
whole system of things is to be changad by the
single move of the creditor or debtor.   In a con-
tradictory spirit of   concession,  you give to the
most wicked of either class the right to destroy
others, and compel, by your policy, the more virtuous
to  enter into  the  competition.     Accidents  and
oaths, under this law, may accomplish either end,
and it offers the singular spectacle of granting (he
immunities of voluntary bankruptcy to all, upon
the condition that the creditors may make a par-
ticular class of debtors liable to their compulsory
process.   Thus the catastrophe of bankruptcy is to
be completed, where undisturbed industry, prudence,
integrity, and talent, might relieve the incumbent,
without the odium of the injury forever clinging
to his name, and rankling in his heart,
If the proposition were now made for the first
time, to grant this power, I have no doubt it Would
be refused by a large majority of the American
people. It has an extent, as it stands in the Con-
stitution, far beyond what could originally have
been designed, and wheh partly arises from the
more fully developed, and better understood nature
and construction of our peculiar Government.
Hitherto the danger has been that of obtaining
power by construction, but this is so broad and oo
comprehensive, in its literal sense, that wefiad
ourselves resorting to the expedient of reducing it by
appealing to the standard of English authority. And,
sir, there is no country in the world where its prac-
tical influence would be so peculiarly felt as in
ours, both by the people and the Government It
would turn the fears and the hopes of the one to an
entire concentration upon the other, and bring that
other into the possession of a strength Which would
give it a consolidated mastery, ultimately, ov^r ail
things, over men, and over States. In this may
be found, in part, connected with other intrinsic ob-
jections, the explanation why the exercise of the
power was so long postponed, thoughpressed from
seventeen hundred and ninety, annually, until
eighteen hundred; and why it was afterwards so
early discontinued, and has been since so steadily
resisted, until at length, yielding under a succession
of panics and disasters, the natural product of the
vast bank power of the land, we seem about to re-
enact this great statute sponge, to be applied, retro-
actively, upon all the pecuniary responsibilities in
the country. Sir, this long postponement, the early
repeal of the law, the resistance against its intro-
duction since, present to us, the instructive
portion of the history of this subject, and we ought
