CM
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
26th Cono...... 1st Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. JJnderson.
Senate
to regard it, until we shall be otherwise informed,
as expressive of the deep sense of the American
people in favor of the policy o( leaving the power
entire'v dormant in the General Government, and
tobe supplied by the legislation of the States.
The first blow which will be struck, I fear, wil
fall heavily upon the moral feeling of society. It
will superinduce on the one side temptations to seek
immediate relief by a single act of surrender, whtre
perseverance and skill would, in the course of a few
reus, recover the unfortunate deb*or from his em-
barrassments. It is eertainh true, that the very of-
fer of legal relief, in the first moment of a public
panic, is an invitation to cease to make efforts, and
will practically be an extinguishment of all debts,
without a struggle to pay. On the other hand, it
bestows a power upon the" creditor which it is illu-
sory to suppose will not be often abused, and as oil en
productive of the most mischievous results. Tie
whole basis of the measure invites fraud on the one
side, and suspicion on the other. You bring into
active application two utterly antagonistical princi-
ples^—the newly awakened liopc of the debtor to es-
cape from responsibility, and the vigilance of the
creditor to overtake the debtor for a delinquency,
which he may not disregard, for fear of leaving to
him the ultimate advantage of the law upon his own
terms. The main pillar of credit, that confidence
which is mutually inspired by integrity and by jus-
tice, will be struck down at a single blow. You de-
stroy, at once, all mutuality of feeling, of forbear-
ance, and of interest. Xo compositions will ever
be proposed, and which might be effected at less ex-
pense and less risk between the parties. It will be a
race of escape and pursuit, and in the present condi-
tion of the countrv, we will confound the honest
and persevering debtor, who would finally pay,
with the man of desperate fortunes. We will
make an indiscriminate sweep of the unfortunate
who yet bear themselves against the tide, with the
bold and reckless speculators, who are already
ruined; and with this solitary act we will render
memorable, in all time to come, the present epoch
of our calamity, by a great legal catastrophe,
fashioned with singular ?eal, anxiety, and labor,
from oar own hands. If it were possible to limit
the effect of the bill before us, I am not prepared
to say that it would be without a useful and happy
influence upon the condition of society. But, sir,
one of the very features which recommend it most
strongly to the support of its warmest advocates,
is. that it goes to the extent of every interest, and
every class in the community, not by merely dis-
charging the contracts of those who' are hopele^
and remediless, but that the offer of emancipation
from debt is universal. The practical effect of
this, we know, will spread itself through all the
relations of life, but the final end no man can
tell. When you shall have broken up the moral
bond of union which strengthens and protects the
transactions of men, as much as law itself legalizes
them, it is impossible to estimate the consequences.
I speak not of solitary exceptions—the plundered,
willing or unwilling, must struggle with the plun-
derers—the virtuous with the vicious—and the blow
which fells to the earth your next neighbor, will
carry with it another, and another, without being
able to say who shall escape, and who shall be
counted last.
This measure, let it be remembered,  has been
urged by an eloquent appeal to our sympathies; that
he, whose head was bowed down, should be lifted
np, that the tears of his wife, and his innocent chil-
dren, would be dried; that the wretched and forlorn
should again take their place jn sociejy.   Sir, no
man, I trust, feels more deeply for his fellow man
than I do, or would go farther "to relieve him under
the pressure of distress.   But, sir, does justice, does
humanity require that we should save some by de-
stroying others'!   That to dry tears, which already
flow, we should strike new fountains from  which
they  would be shed more abundantly"!    That w«
should multiply the unfortunate in order to relieve
them?   That we should disregard the claims, the
interests, and condition of the largest business class
of men in  the nation; and that, of all others, they
should be made to feel that we legislate not for them,
but for those who are  already desperate?   Is this
fair? Is it just? Is it wise1 Is it humane? Will you
lay your hand most heavily upon the commercial
community, under a mere suspicion that they may
deal harshly with others, while your generosity is
poured redundantly  upon  the head   of the spe-
culator?   Is this, sir, the boasted love of that great
interest?   Is this the tender mercy which the mer-
cantile class is to receive at the hands of their pe-
culiar jnends) Sir, it is the embrace of death—
death to credit—death to confidence; that confi-
dence which procures rank and station tothe trader;
which sustains him in many a sore and trying
struggle; that confidence which, when every honest
edbrt is expended, would, upon a surrender of his
effects, discharge him from his liabilities; that con-
fidence, above all, which reposes upon our justice
and our wisdom!
Mr. President, this measure has, to my mind,
the most peculiar aspect. It comes before us un-
der the potent auspices of the most singular com-
promise ever presented in legislative history. I
repeat, it is no more or less than that the volun-
tary bankrupt is to be allowed to escape from hi:
creditor, upon condition that creditors may be a
lowed to oppress a particular class of debtors. The
first would not be permitted, but it is the condi-
tion of power to the latter; and, on the other hand,
the latter is to be conceded on the cc&dition of
that special benefit to the former. It seems tome,
sir, that if either would be wrong, and publicly
mischievous singly, because of the peculiar state
of the country, that the two united will certainly
augment the measure of injury. I am unable to
understand the philosophy of this subject in any
other way. It Has been contended that neither,
alone, ought to be adopted; if so, a compromise,
by which both may be efficient, must therefore, I
think, add a double force tothe objection that lies
against this great experiment.
Sir, I would address Senators, in the language
of Mr. Burke, when he wrote to his constituents,
with whom he had differed: "I would appeal
from the opinions which you now have, to
the opinions which you will have five years
hence." From the present excitement, to the
practical results which we are now preparing,
and when every other influence will have passed
away, except that experience which will then
come home to the feeling and observation of all
men!
The policy of this measure may be partly esti-
mated by the amount of debt which exists in the
country, and upon a large portion of which it will
be immediately directed. It is probably a fair cal-
culation, that the mercantile debt owed by that por-
tion of the country which is now within the range
of the suspended banks, is equal to one hundred
millions of dollars. Of this, 1 understand the com-
putation for the city of New York alone to be up-
wards of sixty millions. The remainder may be
divided between Philadelphia and Baltimore. This
debt is to be extinguished in two methods; by the
voluntary act of the bankrupt, and by the compul-
sory process which you give to the hand of the
creditor. The contracts were made in a period of
the highest prices and a swollen currency. That
currency has been reduced by the curtailment of
the banks, and with their action has fallen the price
of wages and of property. They were the primary
causes of the first, as they have been of the last; and
although over one-half of the nation they are now
suspended, and refusing to pay their own notes in
specie, the utmost extent of their paper currency is
not more than one hundred millions of dollars—not
equal to the precious metals which they have
driven into retreat. It is in this state of thinsrs that
you propose this measure of voluntary and compul-
sory bankrup'cy. And, sir, to whom have you
given that power of coercion, upon mere petition,
without bsing verified upon oath? without even
the right of traversing the question of fraud by a
trial by jury, until after the decree is entered up—
until after the blow is struck? We most graciously
propose to bestow it upon those very banks, as
well as upon individuals—the banks, to whom
we have been told, in this debate, that there
is a sum of four hundred and sixty millions of
dollars owed by the citizens of the United States.
They are tobe brought into the great field of action,
and to become the potent competitors in the general
work of ruin and distress. Are we prepared for
a scene like this? One vast scene of disaster, of
which no mancan tell the end? One widp, deep,
and lasting excitement. Sir, the country will
stand aghast at the practical march of this measure,
with its train of clients, of debts, of agents, of
assignees, of lawyers, of courts of power, and of
patronage! And who will reap the harvest? Most
surely, not the creditors! What is the experience
of those who bore a part in the administration of the
bankrupt act of eighteen hundred? I have before
me the testimony of one whose talents and character
entitle his opinions tothe highest respect. I am not
disposed to surrender a question of this magnitude
ii
tothe mere authority ofnames;butMr. Tazewell oí
Virginia delivered this testimony in the Senate, upon
the debate on the bankrupt bill in eighteen hundred
and twenty-seven, and spoke of that which he
personally knew, and which no man will venture
to controvert, and which I have no doubt, upon ex-
amination, will be found to be sustained by the facts
that transpired in almost every State of the Union.
I beg leave, sir, to read his statement. He says:
"When the former bankrupt law was in existence,
he resided in a seaport town, and was engaged in al-
most every case of bankruptcy that occurred during
its operation; and he could assure the Senate that
he never knew a solitary case, in which the creditor
obtained one cent. Tne debtors had often large
estates—there was a large amount of property some-
where; but by the time it had been filtered through
the hands of the assignees, of the commissioners,
and their deputies, and agents, and this, and that,
and the«. ther officer, appointed to act upon it, not a
frauion was left for the creditor. The whole had
bem absorbed in its progress." And such, sir,
I have no doubt, will be the progress of this measure,
i n the contact and process of agents and of courts.
There is another consideration connected with
this subject, which, I think, is entitled to some
weight, and ought to be felt, at least by those who
complain of the expenditures of this Government.
The total sum which will, in all probability, be ex-
tinguished, either by payment or discharge, cannot
fall much short of two hundred millions of dollars.
The number of bankrupts will be, perhaps, not
less than two hundred thousand. I have heard it
estimated to be much greater. Be this as it may, It
is very certain that your courts, as at present con-
stituted, cannot possibly execute the immense mass
of business—the almost endless suits, in addition
to the separate cases of bankruptcy; which will be
cast upon them. It is true that this bill provides that
they snail be considered as always open to applica-
tions under the act, but their number is too few to
enable them to go through but a small portion of the
causes. You will be compelled to increase the
number of your judges, and subdivide your present
districts, or to create a special set of commissioners,
for the sole purpose of executing this law. Let
those who are the special friends of this measure, be
Íireparedtotake also this responsibility.    It will be
bund to be one of no inconsiderable magnitude.
The period now fixed at which it is to take effect,
is the first of February next. Why not then post-
pone any legislation until the next session of Con-
gress, as we shall have, in the interval, the oppor-
tunity of returning to our constituents, and consult-
ing them upon a subject scarcely inferior in impor-
tance to any which may require their consideration?
Or is it possible that the anxiety to pass this bill
will not brook delay? Sir, that delay would bring
back upon us the judgment which may reverse the
decision which we are probably this day to make.
Mr. President, I fear it ts in vain to hop* for
the defeat of this measure. But, sir, I think it
would have been prudent, in the midst of the pre-
sent excitement and pressure, to have trusted a lit-
tle longer to the forbeararce and magnanimity of
the creditor, to the honesty, the industry, and the per-
severance of the debtor. In Tennessee, sir, like
every other portion of this Union, we are considera-
bly in debt; and although we cannot pay tc-day,or tc-
morrow,or next day, we are essentially a solvent and
a paying people. We want no sponging retroac-
tion—but will, in the end, with few exceptions, pay
the last cent for which we are liable. But establish
th's law, and though it may cast the sunshine of
hope upon the path of maiiy a worthy and unfortu-
nate man, who is bent beneath the burden of bis
disasters, it will just as surely om.-hadow with
misfortune others of equal merit, who would,
if undistnrbed, pass triumphantly through the im-
pending calamities. For every bankrupt it may
relieve, the very moral, as well as compulsory
power of its provisions will fellow, pari passu, to
add its victim to that object of your mercy. The
very mercy of this twofold system will stimu-
late the fears of the creditor, who will
most naturally avail himself of every advan-
tage against the debtor, whom the law has
armed with the choice of his own fortunes,
and we shall exhibit the great national spectacle
of fierce passions and private plunder, overruling
the mastery of every nobler feeling.ondcr the influ-
ence of such temptations as few can resist, and
the impulse of such a revolution as none can stay*
