July, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE1
623
26th Cong....1st Sess.
District Banks—Mr. Petrikin.
H. of Reps.
Instead oí being a measure to cure the evils under
which we are suffering, it will propagate bank-
ruptcies with a prolific hand. Whatever may be
the theory of gentlemen upo  this subject, however
they may expect to bring peace, hope, and joy to
the bosom of the rained, there is another side
of this picture, upon which the statesman cannot
look without apprehension and doubt; it is where
these are to be teen on whom ruin will bt brought.
The law will take its course. The fears and cupi-
dity of men will sweep over the land m one deep
 u rapid stream! No industry, no integrity, no
perseverance, no probable prospect of success can
arrest it. I would that we could pause before we
tdqpt this terrible and delusive measure.' There
.$ nothing in the history of the past to assure us of
tbe wisdom of the step we are about to take.
If the Constitution contemplates such a measure
as this for the protection of commerce, our pros-
perity, for nearly lorty years, is proof that it is not
demanded. It is said to have this basis for its po-
licy in England, but with all her advantages, and
the aid of its protection and encouragement, -we
have advanced many per cent, in the proportion of
the whole, beyond her commercial and navigating
interests. As a permanent measure, it would be
found, as I think, to have no such influence. Even
as a temporary remedy, the power is too dangerous,
and the consequences are too alarming.
Let us pause before we pass this bill. It will
array the North against the South. Ic will engen-
der a suspicion, a distrust, a deep rooted prejudice,
which can scarcely be obliterated durmg the quar-
ter of a century. It will be a standard subject of
reference for the guidance and action of the next
generation, and instead of promoting the prosperi-
ty of commerce, I fear it will materially affect its
best interests, particularly by its premature adop-
tion.
Besides all this, the country has not had half time
to right itself—to recover from the stupor of its ex-
travagance—to return to habits of economy—to
make a steady, united, and persevering effort to
pay its debts. Let us, therefore, look not so much
to fear as to hope—to despair as to a firm resolve
to pay—to the forbearance of creditors—to the jus-
tice and industry of debtors. Our countrymen are
fall of a noble love, and a noble confidence towards
each other; and it becomes us, as the grave ad-
visers and lawgivers of the land, not to weaken,
discourage, or destroy these sacred relations. We
may rely upon it, sir, public opinion is not fully
ripe for this measure. The time may come when
it may demand some system of this kind, for relief
and for remedy; but let us not hastily and prema-
turely, at the first alarm, produce a revolution in
oar laws, and the laws of twenty-six States, which,
when put into motion, cannot be arrested by a hand
less powerful than our own. Let us not be borne
down by the mental pressure of the moment, but
standing erect, with a wise forecast, ask ourselves
the question, how this will be, after the experiment
has been passed, and the experience of yea's has
sealed its character?
DISTRICT BANKS.
House of Beprisentatives,
July 1, 1840.
The following bill from tbe Set
charters of the banks in the Disirl
coming up in order, viz:
Be it enacted fry the Senate and
tithe* of the United Slate  of America in Congress
assembled, That the charters of the Farmers' and
Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown, the Bank of the
Metropolis, Patriotic Bank of Washington, and
Bank of Washington, in the city of Washington,
and he Farmers' Bank of Alexandria, and Bank
of Fotomac, in the town of Alexannria, be, and
the same are hereby, extended to the 4th day of
Jnly, 1842, unless Congress shall, in the mean time,
otherwse order and direct, upon condition that
neither of said banks «hall issue and pay out tbe
notes of any other bank, banker, or banking insti-
tution or corporation, which is in a state of suspen-
sion or non-payment of its liabilities in specie; and
ding the
olumbia,
ef Represen-
upop the further condition that the said banks, nor
either of them, shall take a stay of execution on
any judgment recovered against them in any case
whatever, nor appeal from such judgment, nor
take a certiorari thereon, except on an affidavit of
merit.
After some remarks by Messrs. W. C.JOHN-
SON and ADAMS in favor ot the bi 1,
Mr. PETRIKIN addressed the Ch*ir, and was
recognised by the Speaker as being entitled to the
floor, in opposition to Mr. Johnson of Maryland,
who claimed it on the ground that he had, out of
courtesy, given way to Mr. Adams. Mr. Petri-
kin having insisted on his right, under the rules,
the Speaker decided that he was correct, and he
proceeded as follows:
Mr. Speaker: I have known for years, that
banks and their agents claimed and possessed ex-
clusive lights and privileges on all occasions; and
that the claims of individuals, here and elsewhere,
have been, in mot instance*, postponed at their
wink and nod. I am glad that, for once, a humble
individual has been able, on this floor, to have his
rights respected in opposition to these powerful in-
stitutions. I am opposed to the recharter of these
banks in the way they demand it to be done; for,
Mr. Speaker, they do not merely request a renewal
of their charters, but they "demand it.
Weare told that the present bdl mu^ be acted
upon immediately, and passed by a pliant vote.
Individuals have to petition for their rights; they
have to ask respecfully, year after year, without
being able to get a hearing before Congress, or a
redress of their grievances, (and such is the ca^e
even with the war worn soldier, the widow, and the
orphan,) but when ihe acenU of banks, their p esi-
dents, cashieis, and directors command it, all busi-
ness, both public and private, must be laid aside,
and Congress is required, and when so required
must do for the banks all that they ask; and not
content with that, the banks must have it done with-
out delay and without debate. What is it thuis
now demanded by the banks of this District? Why,
sir, we are asked, ay, peremptorily commanded,
to pass a law sanctioning their violations of law,
and the rights of the people. We are asked to le-
galize swindling and fraud of every species with-
out any regard to the rights of the community. Let
aa attempt be made to amend the charter of a
bank, and thsy are met at once with th* cry of "an
infiingement of contracts," "a violation of char-
tered rights" &c. &c ; though banks claim the right
to violate their contracts with impunity, and demand
the sanction of the constituted authorities for
the grossest frauds. The banks, while in a state
of suspension, by which they violate a sclemn con-
tract of promise to pay on demand, have the bare-
faced impudence to ask Congress to give its sanc-
tion to crime, alleging as a reason for it that it is
for the benefit of the people. We are told that the
people ask for the recharter of these banks. I well
know what is meant by these bankers, when they
say that the people require us to legalize their
swindling. By the term people is meant banks and
bankers, not the mass of the citizens; not those
whom a Whig member a few da) s since, on this
floor, called "the rabble;" not the laboring man,
mechanic, and farmer, who, by the sweat of their
brows, support their country, but the nabob, who
rides in his coach and four through the streets of
this city, and tha speculator, who, vampyre like,
sucks the hearts blood of the industrious and la-
boring part of the community. These are they
who are called "the people" by the bankers. I aver,
sir, that a large majority of the people of this Dis-
trict are opposed to the rechartering of these bank?.
But a few, in comparison to the whole number of
he people, are indebted to the banks. I would
venture to say, if the truth cou'd be ascertained,
that of the whole number of persons resident in the
District at tbjs time, exclusive of members of Con-
gress, and trie ofiicets and directors of banks and
•heir connections, that there are not three hundred
individuals who owe the banks one dollar.
We are told that if these charters are not re-
newed, a great deal of distress will be produced
among the people.   This I deny, because, as I
Uhave said before, the mass of the people owe the
banks nothing, and tbe bankers will be cautions
how they distress each other. There being no
elections m this District, real panics will not an-
swer any political purpose; but an imaginary panic
is now in lull force here, with a view to operate
on Congress; for if we look around us, we see very
few symptoms of distress among those who deal in
banks, that is, if we are to judge from their man-
ner of living, and the extravagance of tbeir habits.
But admitting, for the sake of argument, that our
refusal to recnarter these banks would produce
distress among a part of the people of the District
who happen to be their debtors, is that any reason
why we should act in direct violation of every
principle of justice, by legal'z ng the frauds and
violations of law which these banks have com-
mitted? When was crime punished without pro-
ducing some distress? When was any great politi-
cal or moral reform obtained without individual
suffering? And what greater evil could exist than
legalized swindling by the few at the expense of
the many? What greater moral and political re-
form could take place lor the benefit ot our coun-
try than to reform the banking system of this Dis-
trict as an example to other evil doers? We are
not to inquire whether it is expedient or inexpe-
dient to comply with the demands made of us, but
we must first inquire what do justice and the
public good require at our hands.
Mr. Speaker, we have witnessed the operation of
these speculators upon the people of this District,
and throaghoat the Union.. We have seen the
effects of their systematized violations of law and
common honesty on the industrious, honest laborer*
of the country, who have been cheated out of iheir
hard earniBgs by the worthless deprecia'ed paper
issued by the banks. We have on record belore us,
that the:e very banks now asking us to extend their
charters, have three times, in me short space of
six years, suspended specie payments, depreciated
their stock and note*, and that their officers and
directors have purchased them, thus depreciated, at
a discount of from ten to fifty per cent.—-defrauding
in this way the unsuspecting widows and orphans
of the District. I repeat that we have proof before
us that the banks of this District have three times
flioded the country with their irredeemable paper,
knowing that they did not intend, nor could not do,
what their notes on the.r face promistd; and that
ti ey as orten swind'ed the pour people by pur-
chasing their paper themselves at from ten to fifty
percent, discount. We know that they have four
times had their swindling doings legalized by Con-
gress, and they are the subjects of the sympathy of
the bank advocates on this floor. Is not this a
pretty commentary on the morality of those who
composed the Congresses that passed these acts ?
And shall we again be operated upon by the banks,
to legal ze for a fifth time such vilely dishonest
transactions? Are those banks deserving your pity
and sympathy? Will the Democrats in this House
violate their solemn obligation made before God
and the country, to faithfully represent their consti-
tuents, by obeying the demands of these swindling
insolvent corporations? I hope not, and that we
will exhibit to ihe world—what is an anomaly in
tiese times—one legislative body, a majority of
which is not under the control of the necromancy"
of banks, or operated upon by the lalismanic influ-
ence of bank notes.
Mr. Speaker, it was my lot to ba a member of
the Committee on the District of Columbia daring
the session of 1837-8, when these banks applied
for a recharter; and to me was assigned by that
committee the duty of examining and inquiring
into their condition at that time. I made the at-
tempt, and prosecuted it as faithfully as time and
circumstance? would permit; and although I had
to take their own stat<ments in wri'ing, yet I
learned enough to satisfy me ihat they were a rot-
ten profligate concsrn, mable to pay their lia-
bilities, and practising a gross imposition en the
public. Having had an opportunity to know a
tittle about them, I shall offer a few amendments to
 he b,ll from the Senate; not suchas I would wish
to have enacted; not such as w.ll fully protect the
pubnc against those corporation?; but as much or
more than I expect will be carried. I have before
me the lesson of bank influence in the State Le-
gislatures.   I have seen a decided majority elected
