f
«28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1840.
26m Cowo""l*r Sbm.
District Banks—Mr. Dawson.
H. of Reps.
Bank of Georgetown. • • • • To some of
Ikes* gentlemen I sold these notes, and took, in
payment, their individual notes, at long dates,
without interest,"
Here, sir, yen tnd these bank presidents and di-
rectors borrowing money oat of the banks which
they controlled, compelling, by their, own acts,
the banks to suspend, purchasing up their slock and
■otes at a discount of fifty per cent, and paying
them in, as a discharge of their liabilities, at par I
Is this a fair business transaction? Shall I be told
that all this is honest? If it is so regarded here,
then you must have a different standard of moral
honesty from that which we hare on the other side
of the mountains.
Now I,ask yon, Mr. Speaker, whether we are to
incorporate institutions which have been managed
in this way. Ought we, in any shape or form, te
countenance this system of swindling? Why, sir,
if you. will gire me an act of legislation that will
enable me to discharge my debts with fifty cents on
the dollar, 1 would be able to ride in as fine a four*
*horse coach, have as splendid an equipage, and as
many servants in livery, as the president of either
of these banks*
The passage of this act must have a deleterious
influence over the action of the State Governments.
Here,.it is admitted, we^have exclusive jurisdic-
tion; and if we fet the example of rechartering
banks while in a state of suspension, who can tell
how many of the Stales will follow in our foot-
steps? The immense power exercised by these in-
stitutions is truly alarming. Ton have now neatly a
thousand of these shaving machines in the nation,
the owners of which procure a livelihood by the
sweat and toil of their neighbors. You will find
the officers, agents, and dependants of the banks, in
Our National as well as State councils. In 1816,
when the banking interest in this country was much
less powerful than it is now, John Randolph of
Roanoke said, upon this floor, "Every man yon
meet, in this Rouse or out of it, with some rare ex-
ceptions, which only serve to prove the rule, is
either a stockholder, president, cashier, clerk, door-
keeper, runoer, engraver, paper-maker, or me-
chante, in some way or other, to a bank."
Now, sir, I can turn round and see the officers
of mese District hanks in the lobbies and galleries
of this House, attempting, by their ptrtwuivt elo-
quence, to satisfy members that expediency and
sound policy require their renewal! Yes, sir, they
have obtruded themselves upon the deliberations of
Congress, and are endeavoring to influence its ac-
tion. Their anxious countenances bespeak the
deep pecuniary interest they have in this measure.
Gentlemen would have us believe that this bill will
be an accommodation to the citizens of this Dis-
trict. Sir, it is a mistake. Some of these officers,
who profess to be Democrats, have much more re-
gard for their own pecuniary interests than the
rights of their neighbors. These charters are to
be extended, not for the accommodation of
the industrious farmer or the hard-fisted mechanic,
but in order to enable some of these lordly aristo-
crats, now in my eye, to enjoy luxury and ease at
the peer man's expense.
I rejoice, Mr. Speaker, that there is a portion of
the people of this District who are opposed to the
renewal of these charters. I read you the memo-
rial of a pan of the citizens of Georgetown:
"The memorial of the undersigned, citizens of
Georgetown, D. C. respectfully represents:
"That the suspension of payment by the banks
of the District of Columbia is a gross and palpable
violation of their charters, by which valuable privi-
leges were conferred upon them; that it is an out-
rage upon the moral sense of the community in
which they are situated; debasing and demoralizing
in its tendency and example; and a grievous inju-
ry and oppression upon those who are compelled
to take their notes at their nominal value in pay-
ment for their labor.
"That the mere association of a number of indi-
viduals, in the form of a chartered company, gives
them no license for dishonesty, or impunity for
crime, in their aggregate, more than in their indi-
vidual capacity.
"That the banking institutions of the District
having been chartered professedly for the purpose
of promoting the interests and convenience of the
inhabitants thereof, we are the best, and should be
the only judges in what manner our interests and
convenience are best promoted.
"That at the suspension of payment of the banks
of this District, in the second week of October,
1839, they hadin circulation upward of seven hun-
dred thousand paper dollars, which by that act
were depreciated twelve and a half per cent, in-
flicting a less of upward of one hundred thousand
dollars upon the holders thereof; that the rates of
depreciation, since that period, have ranged from
twelve and a half to eight per cent, thus filching
from the working man from one-eighth to one-
twelfth of the nominal amount received as the
wages of his labor.
"That the practical operation of this state of
things in the District is, that while those who are
in the service of the Government receive their com-
pensation in gold and silver, their neighbors are
compelled to receive, as a return for their labor,
depreciated bank paper; thus constituting, emphati-
cally, one currency lor the Government, and
another for the people.
"They therefore pray your honorable body to
take such measures as may, at the earliest possible
day, compel the banks of the District to fulfil their
obligations by the resumption of specie payments,
or that they be required to assign their property
for the benefit of their creditors, and wind up their
affairs."
This memorial is signed by forty-nine citizens,
and proves that there at least that number of free
and independent men, who properly understand
their interests, and dare to come into this House
and protest against the extension of the charters
of these suspended banks. Sir, I do not know,
personally, a single individual upon that memorial;
but they have my respect for the independence
they have manifested in coming forward, bearding
the lion in his den, and asserting the principles of
Democracy, in despite of the frowns of these purse-
proud hankers.
I cannot close my remarks without calling upon
my Democratic friends to come up to the rescue.
I invoke them to come forward and defeat this
measure. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Underwood] tells us that this ought not to be
made a party question I Sir, it is a party question
—a question involving principles upon which the
two parties in this country have divided. The sub-
ject of the currency has occupied the attention of
this House for a large portion of the present ses-
sion, and will continue to agitate the public mind
for many years to come. The Democrats have
been endeavoring to redeem the country from an
irredeemable currency; they have been advocating
the necessity of divorcing the General Government
in its fiscal operations, from all connection with
banks; they have been denouncing the present sys-
tem as unjust, and in violation of every princip'e
of equal rights; they have been zealous in exposing
the swindling practices of these institutions, and
calling upon the people to effect a radical refor-
mation in them—and* now, sir, are we to be told
that a measure involving tbe question of whether
banks which have violated the law, refused to
comply with their contracts, raoeked at your legis-
lation, and purchased up at a heavy discount their
own notes, should not be made a party question?
Sir, fasten these irredeemable shinplaster manufac-
tories upon the people, and, my word for it, the
men who are now invoking you not to make this
a party question will be the first to reproach you
after the deed is done.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I trust that tbe po-
litical party with which 1 act will present an undi-
vided front against this bill. I ask them to come
up and meet this question manfully, and show by
their votes their adherence to Democratic princi-
ples. If, however, in despite of the evidence I
have produced, and the arguments which have
been urged, tbey shall be rechartered, I shall have
the proud consolation of knowing that I have
raised my feeble voice against them.
July 2,1840.
The following bill was introduced by Mr. Hol-
lbman of Virginia, viz:
A BILL to continue the corporate existence of the
banks of the District of Columbia for certain
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives, $fc. That the provisions, restrictions, and
enactments of the act of Congress of the 25th May,
1838, entitled "an act to extend the charter of the
Union Bank of Georgetown, in the District of Co-
lumbia," be, and the same are hereby extended to
the Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown,
the Bank of the Metropolis, the Bank of Washing-
ton, the Patriotic Bank of Washington, the Bank of
the Potomac and the Farmers' Bank of Alex-
andria; Provided, That whenever in the original
act the 1st of July, 1838, occurs, it shall be so con-
strued as to mean the 4th of July, 1840; and when-
ever the 1st of July, 1842, occurs, it shall be con-
strued to mean the 4th of July, 1844.
Mr. ADAMS inquired whether it made bo dis-
tinction in favor of the Patriotic Bank, which never
had suspended specie payments?
Mr. HOLLEMAN replied that it did not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice of his intention
to offer the following amendment in case the bill of
Mr. Holleman should not m-et with favor:
"That the several acts of Congress creating and
granting charters to the several banks in the District
of Columbia which were m force on the 1st day of
July, 1840, be, and the same are hereby, continued
in full foice for the term of two years from and
after the 4th day of July, 1840: Provided, hotoeter,
That no one of the existing banks shall declare or
make any dividend of its profits among its stock-
holders during the time it fails to pay specie for its
notes: And provided, further, That all the profits
hereafter made by any one of tha said banks over
and above six per cent, upon its capital, clear of
expenses, shall be paid over to the corporate au-
thorities of the city in which such bank is located:
Jind provided, further, That said banks shall seve-
rally resume tbe payment of specie for their notes
thrown into circulation, within ninety days from
the said 4th of July, 1840."
After a few remarks by Messrs. HOLLEMAN
and UNDERWOOD,
Mr. DAWSON of Georgia said that the mea-
sure now under consideration was very important
to a large portion of the free, but unrepresented,
people of the United States; and it became gentle-
men to act in this matter with the respect doe to
themselves and to a mass of the community whose
interests were confided to their care. Mr. D. went
on to observe that he considered the present ques-
tion, when viewed in all its aspects, as tbe most
important one which had occurred during the pre-
sent session of Congress; it was nothing less than
the grand "hard money scheme" of the Adminis-
tration carried cut in its first application. Gentle-
men might cover it up as they pleased, but it came
to that; it was the question whether, in a district
over which Congress exercised undisputed sway,
they should at once abolish all banks and credit,
and rely on a hard money circulation? That was
the question. A portion of this House (said Mr.
D.) have declared that all banks in this District are
to come to an end, and then all bank currency
must cease with them. Another portion of the
party say they are for banks with certain limita-
tions; but they are to be of a temporary character,
and all looking to a winding up of bank concerns;
and this final winding up must be accomplished
within two years. Let me refer to the language
employed by a gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Vanderpoel,] who is considered as one of the
leaders of the Administration party in this House.
He told us that we ought now so to develope the
principles of the Sub-Treasury bill that the States
might carry out the system, and reduce tbe coun-
try to a hard money currency. We are to set an
example, he says, in this District, for the States to
follow.
[Mr. Vanderpoel here interposed, and was
very anxious to explain. Mr. Dawson for some
time refused to yield the floor, wishing the explana-
tion to be deferred until the gentleman should make
his reply; at length, however, he yielded, when
Mr. Vanderpoel explained that what he had said,
or meant to say, was this: that banks, under a
state of suspension, exerted a demoralizing influ-
