J«ty, M4S*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¿41
£6th Cokg««"1st 8ess.
District Banks—Mr. Weller.
H. of Reps.
the tribunal of the American people, and let them
determine whose course upon this subject has been
most consistent with good faith, morality, and
patriotism.
The debate was farther continued till the ad-
journment by Messrs. JOHNSON of Maryland,
HOLLEMAN, and HOPKINS.
Friday, July 3d.
The same subject being up for consideration,
Mr. WELLER remarked as follows:
"I regret, Mr. Speaker, that it has become ne-
cessary tor me again to obtrude myself npon the
House, in order to correct some of the misrepre-
sentations of gentlemen who have preceded me
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] has,
with a vast deal of warmth, announced to the
House that the issue now presented is, whether
or not we shall hare an exclusive metallic curren-
cy; n, id other words, he charges the friends of
the friends of the Administration with an effort to
break down all the banking institutions ot the
country. The gentleman cannot, by declaiming
against an exclusive hard money currency, change
the issue, or divert the attention of the House from
it. Whenever an effort is made to expose the
iniquities of the banks, and show to the people the
frauds which have been practised upon them, we
a  charged with hostility to all banks, and enemies
to the credit system! Sir, I will tell the gentle
man from Georgia what the issues are which have
been presented since this subject has bees under
discussion One issue is, shall we incorporate for
two years banks which are in a state of suspension,
standing out in open violation of the law, or shall
we compel them to wind up? Upon that issue, sir,
which was involved in the original bill, as it came
to this House, the Whigs, as a party, supported the
bill, and the Democrats opposed it.
The next issue presented, was in an amendment
to the original bill, in these words:"
"Provided, That said banks shall not issue notes
of a less denomination than ten dollars."
Upon this question, the vote stood—ayes 96, noes
76. Not a single Whig voted in the affirmative,
and but one Democrat in the negative.
Another issue was presented in the following
amendment:
"Jind b* it enacted, That in case said banks, or
either of them, shall refuse or fail to pay their
notes in specie, en demand of asy person, such
person shall and may have remedy by judgment
and execution at law, at a notice of ten days, be-
fore any justice of the peace of said District."
In the affirmative there aie eighty-six Democrats
and two Whigs. In the negative, sixty-four Whigs
and six Democrats.
A rote, was then taken on the following amend-
ment:
"Provided, also, That the president and directors
of each of said banks shall be jointly and seve-
rally, in their individual capacity, liable for all
notes issued or debts contracted by ¿aid banks, re-
spectively, from and after the day this act goes into
effect, to be recovered as other debts of a like
amount may at the time be by law recovera-
ble"
On this question, there were ninety Democrats
and two Whgs for the proposition. Against it,
ssventy-seven Whigs and ihineen Democrats.
The following amendment was then proposed:
"And be it further enacted, That in case the said
banks, or either ©f them, shall refuse or fail to
pay their notes in specie, on demand of any
person, such per on shall and may have remedy
by judgment and execution at law, at a notice of
ten days, before any justice of the peace of said
District."
Upon this question, there were ninety-six Demo-
crats and one Whig in the affirmative. In the ne-
gative, «evenly Whigs and six Democrats.
Another issue was presented in these word*:
"Provided, That their notes, at all times, shall be
redeemable by specie, or, on failure thereof, their
charters shall be forfeited."
The vote stood, on this amendment, as follows:
Por it, ninety-nine Democrats and  two  Whigs;
against it, seventy Whigs and three Democrats.
. .Upon the question prohibiting the banks, after a
certain day,  fioin issuing bills of a l<*s denomina-
tion than twenty dolíais, the vote was: For the pro-
position, Democrats, eighty-three;   Whigs,   none
Against it, Whigs, eighty-eight, Democrats, ten.
Now, «r, these are some of the issues which
have been presented, and I rejoice that we have had
an opportunity of testing the sense of the two par-
ties on these qaestions. I desire that my coun ry-
men should particularly remember that the Whigs
in Congress, as a party, voted for extending the
charters of suspended banks—banks which have
suffered their paper to depreciate in this city from
six to twelve per cent—that they voted against
prohibiting them from issuing notes of a less de-
nomination than ten dollars—that they voted
against compelling them to redeem their notes in
specie, or fforfeit their charters—that they voted
against making the officers individually liable for
the issues. If an individual gives his note to his
neighbor for ten dollars, you compel him to pay it;
and if he has a dollar's worth of property, you sa-
crifice it for the benefit of the creditor. But a bank
may issue it paper, suspend payment, violate its
contracts; and all this, in the estimation of Whig
orators, is a fair, honest business transaction! If
a private citizen swindles another out of five dol-
lars, he is sent to the penitentiary, and confined for
a series of years in a loathsome dungeon; but a
bank may swindle the holder of its bills with per-
fect impunity, and the officer whose pecuniary inte-
rest is thus advanced struts your streets with the
pomposity of a hereditary lord! Why this dis-
tinction? Is not the moral sense of the community
debased where such things are tolerated? And am
I to record my vote in favor of such a demoralizing
system? Why, sir, I should be ashamed to look
my honest constituents in the face
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] says
that these banks have loaned out, in the District,
two and a half millions of dollars; and that, if they
aie compelled to wind up, distress will fall upon the
mechanic, the laboring man, and the widows and
orphans, of this ten miles square! Mr. Speaker,
I have no doubt a very large proportion of
the paper of these banks has been loaned out
to the officers themselves. The report made to
this House, in 1836, shows that at that time
the president?, cashiers, and directors, of these
six banks, were indebted to them in the sum
of $319 598 78. In this, yon will remember that
the indebtedness of the stockholders is not included.
I have no doubt they had their share of the dis-
counts. The whole amount loaned out to private
ritzens in the District was $312,415 70, being
$7,183 08 less than the amount loaned to the
officers.
I am asked whether the Patriotic Bank does not
redeem its notes in specie. I answer, that I am in-
formed it docs. The report which I now hold in
my hand shows that this bank had in circulation,
due on the 1st January last, only nine thousand
three hnndred and forty dollars and eighty-five
cents. Its specie and specie funds then on hand
was $19,589 16. At the same time, its bills and
notes discounted amounted to $263,007 75. So
you will see ihat there wa* no difficulty in its con-
tinuing specie payments, as its discounts had been
made with the paper of other bank*. But, sir, the
sympathies of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Dawson] have beanexci'ed m favor of these banks!
L°t that gentleman look at ihe frauds which these
institutions have practised upon the people; let him
ljok at the widows and orphans who have been
reduced from a state of affluence to penury and
want, by the failure of these veiy banks; and if he
has tears to shed, let him shed them over them.
He need not go a mile from this Capitol to find
honest, industrious men, who have been robbed of
their property, and thrown penniless upon the
world, by the fall of stocks and the depreciation of
the paper of these institutions. Let him follow the
mechanic or the laboring man, who fcas just re-
ceived a five dollar bill, as the reward of a week's
toil and labor; accompany him to the broker's of-
fice, and see him shaved at the ra'e of twelve per
cent, before he can go to market to lay in provi-
sions for his family. Sir, I commend this side of
the picture to the gentleman from Georgia.
I have before rtmaiked, that the influence of
these institutions was seen and felt in our national
councils. To prove this, I need but refer to the
fact that members of Congress not unfrequently
find it convenient to obtain accommodations at
these very banks. The report before me shows,
that on the 1st March, 1836, the members of Con-
gress were indebted to these banks in the sum of
$87,600 78. Now I do not know whether any of
the members of the present Congress are indebted
to these institutions or not; but, judging from the
past, such is probably the fact. If so, they are
peculiarly well qualified for sitting as the grand in-
quest of the nation, to decide upon the expediency
of extending their charters! An extension of the
charters would secure a renewal of their notes;
and consequently there can be no question about
the expediency of the measure!
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
charged me, on yesterday, with having declared,
that so unfriendly did I feel towards the people of
this District, that I would kick them as they passed.
The gentleman surely misunderstood me, for I
used no such language. I did say, that I could
not consent to see the bill then under consideration
pass, without giving it an "especial kick." Now,
Mr. Speaker, I pity the gentleman if he cannot dis-
criminate between the banks and the people. Shall
I be told, when I am exposing the corruptions of
the banking system, and holding up their impro-
prieties to the public eye, that I am abusing the
people? It is true, sir, they hare trampled upon
ihe conditions of the act of 1838, out at defiance
the will of the people, as expressed through the
laws enacted by their Representatives; but, sir,
they are not yet the people. No, sir, my countrymen
are not yet ready to wear the yoke of bank bondage,
and acknowledge the omnipotency of these soulless
corporations.
Mr. Speaker, I entertain no feelings of hostility
to the people of this District. My relations with
them have been of the most friendly character, since
I have been a resident of this city; and there are
many here for whom I shall always cherish the
warmest feelings of friendship and respect. But,
sir, my regard for them will not deter me from ex-
posing the vile practices of the banks which have
been fastened upon them. I owe a duty to my
constituents, which no personal considerations shall
prevent me from discharging; and I assure gentle-
men that no earthly power could induce me to vote
for renewing the charters of these suspended banks.
I do not believe that sound policy would require
the incorporation of banks in this District. You
have here six banks, with a capital of about three
millions, in a District containing a population of
some forty-five thousand. The General Govern-
ment annually pays out foar or five times as much
specie here as is necessary for the wants or com-
merce of the people; but you give to a few favorite
individuals the power to stamp pictures on small
bits of paper, call it money, and send them into cir-
culation, to the exclusion of the precious metals—
the gold and silver is driven out of the District, and
carried to New York or Philadelphia, for exporta-
tion. The Bank of the United States, aoeouLng to
a report now before mt, exported to Eag!aao¡<w«
and a half millions of specie, from the 1st August,
1839, to the 1st January, 1840. I believe that bank
has, during the last fourteen months, exported about
eight millions of specie, whilst during a portion of
that time it has been refusing to redeem its bills at
home. This state of things will always exist,' so
long as the legislation of the country sanctions a
suspension of specie payments, and authorizes the
issue of irredeemable paper.
Bat we are told that the banks in this District
will resume when the banks in Virginia and Ma-
ryland do, and the banks in those States tell us they
will resume when the banks in Pennsylvania re-
sume. They are all too modest to commence; and
the consequence is, the work is not begun. The
friends of this bill say, impose restrictions upon
them, and compel them to resume. Sir, I have no
confidence in these restrictions. You might as well
attempt to fasten a giant with a rope of sand, as to
limit the powers of these incorporations. Legisla-
tive restrictions may answer for the people, bat the
banks will, as they have already done, laugh at
oar credulity.   You may impose as many restric,-
