•M
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 184Ó.
*6th Ccnro—«lsT Sbss.
District Bank*—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
tions as von please, bat they will treat your law
with the contempt they did the act of 1838. Con-
gress then required them to redeem their notes in
specie; tbey violated that condition. Congress re-
quired ihem to issue no notes ot a less denomina-
tion than five dollars; they evaded that restriction,
by issuing six, se/en, eight, and nine dollar bills—
thus making mere sport of your legisUuon. It is
high time that the people of this country were fully
apprized of the unlimited power claimed and ex-
ercised by ihese incorporations. If they would
perpetuate their liberties, they must lake care that
they create no institutions superior to the laws.
We have been informed that, when we come to
legislate for the District of Columbia, we ought not
to look beyond the limits of the District!    Sir, the
pav>er nhieh y01 authorize these banks to issue is
not confined in its ctrcalat on to this District.   It
makes its way into the different Slates, particularly
Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Maryland; and we
certainly owe it to the people of those Stales not to
authorize a cunency to oe issued which will be irre-
deemable in their hands.   Besides, the discounts of
these banks are by no means confined to this Dis-
tr.ct.   On the 1st March, 1836, the amount loaned
by these banks to non-residents was $543,270 08,
being £¿30,854 38 more than the amount loaned
to private citizens in the District   Thus you will
see ihe> extend their operations into the adjacent
Sta es.   In addition to this, we are now standing
bel ore the whole nation; and our action on this
question, 1/ in accordance with what I conceive to
be right and justice, may exercise a beneficial in>
ffuence over ihe  State Governments,   many of
which have run wild in these paper schemes.   We
can at least ¡-ay to them, that we will not establish
the precedent of renewing the charters of suspended
banks, and enable thetn to flood the country with
more paper, when they are refusing to redeem what
tbey have already thrown into circulation.
The bill new before the House, with the amend-
ment, places it in such a shape that I cannot vote
for it, although I do not feel disposed to complain
of those who do; for it differs in many essential
particulars from the one defeated on yesterday. I
cannot, however, see how any man, who is sin-
cerely desiious of effecting a reformation in the
banking system, could support the bill as it origi-
nally came to this House; for that bill did not at-
tempt to enforce a resumption. Honest differences
of opinion will exist, apon questions of this sort,
«.moos mf." ot the same political party, and I cer-
tainly have no diap. sition to prescribe a course for
others to pursue. My only object has been, to
place myself right before the people, and discharge
what I conceive to be my duty. Having done that,
I return my thanks 10 the House for their attention.
Several geventlem:n having followed in favor of
the bill,
Mr. DUNCAN obtained the floor and spoke
as follows:
He was highly pleased that this measure had
come before Congress, for two reasons. The first
was, that it gave the friends of the Administration
an opportunity of expos ng to the world the true
position wheh tbry occupy in relation to banks
and the banking policy. The second was, that the
votes taken, and about to be taken, exposed to the
world the extent to which the British Bank Whig
party wou'd tro in fastening upon this country and
this people the banking system, and an irredeem-
able shinplaster currency.
Ye«t si', I am happy that this opportunity has
been o'ffer'd, 10 show them, in plack and white, by
recorded vote?, wno are ,ne sbinplaster-rag-baron
party. I am ba,**Dy lne Democracy hav* had this
opportunity to exposé, through the medium of Ihe
Nat onal Legr>lature, records of the trae principles
which govern them in relation to the general sys-
tem and policy of banking. It •>  be«n charged
opon the Administration and the Democratic party
that one of their leading and favorue measures is
to pro«tra'e the banks, and entirely destroy the cre-
dit system and paper currency, and to establish a
purely metallic currency for all purpow, prívale
and public, domestic and commercial. That charge
I pronounce here, in my place, a wilful falsehood,
and a base slander upon the Administration and
Urn supporters.
u
1 assert, that in relation to banks and a paper
currency, the Democratic party and the Adminis-
tration, who are nothing more nor less than their
representatives, have no intention beyond a refor-
mation in both; and the votes given on the bill to
continue in force the charters incorporating the
banks in the District of Columbia, will prove what
I assert. It is not my purpose now to go into a
definition of banks, or to illustrate the principles of
banking, pater currency and the credit system. I
rise more lor the purpose of repelling some charges
made against Congress, and more particularly
against the Democratic party of this Congress in
relation to the course of legislation for the District
of Columbia.
But, to return to the bill to continue the bank
charters, <fcc. The following bill from the Senate,
was reported to the House:
Be it enacted «y tke Sena'e and Home of Represen-
tatites of Ike United States ofjtmniea in Congr ss oj-
tmtmUed, That the charters of the Farmers' and
Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown, the Bank of the
Metropolis, Patriotic Bank of Washington, and
Bank of Washington, in the city of Washington,
and the Farmers' Bink of Alexandria, and Bank
of Potomac, in the town of Alexandria, be, and the
same are hereby extended to the 4th day of July,
1842, unless Congress shall, in the mean time,
otherwise order and direct, upon condition   that
neither of said banks shall issue and pay out the
notes of any other bank, banker, or banking insti-
tution or corporation, which is in a state of suspen-
sion or non payment of its liabilities in specie; and
upon the further condition that the said banks, nor
either of them, shall lake a stay of execution on
any judgment recovered against them in any case
whatever,   nor  appeal    from    such    judgment,
nor take a certiorari thereon, except on an affidavit
of merit."
To this bill several amendments were offered. I
shall only notice three or four of them, and Ihe
character of the votes given. The first amendment
was to prohibit the banks from issuing notes of a
less denomination than ten dollars. The vole on
that amendment was yeas 110, nays 94; the almost
enure Democracy voung in the affirmative, and,
I believe, the entire Opposition voting in the nega-
tive.                           ,
The next amendment which 1 deem necessary to
notice, was a proviso that the notes of the said
banks should, at all times, be redeemable in specie,
er that, on failure thereof, the charters should be
forfeited; and the question being taken, it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 76; the De-
mocracy voting in Ihe affirmative; and the Opposi-
tion in the negative. The next important amend-
ment in order was—
•and be farther enacted, That in esse the said
banks, or either of them, shall refuse or fail to pay
their notes in specie on demand of any person,
such person shall and may have remedy by judg-
ment and execution at law, at a notice of ten days,
before any justice of the peace of said District."
The question was taken, and decided in the affir-
mative—yeas 97, nays 76; the Democracy voting
in the affirmative, and the Opposition in the nega-
tive.    Next amendment:
"Provided, also, That the president and directors
of each of said banks shall be jointly and severally,
in their individual capacity, liable for all notes
issued, or debts contracted, by said batiks respec-
tively, from and alter the day this act goes into
effect, to be recovered as other debts of like
amount may at tha time be by law recoverable."
And resulted m Ihe affirmative—yeas 92, nays
90; the Democracy voting in the affirmative, and
the Opposition in the negative. Next amendment:
'Kind btit/ur.Atr provided, That said banks shall
not make any dividends daring the time 'he said
banks shall refuse to pay all their liabilities in spe-
cie on demand "
And it was passed in the affirmative—yeas 145,
nays 25. On this amendment the Opposition «ere
divided—a part of them voting with the Democra-
cy, who all voted for it, and a part of them against
it. The question then turned on the following
amendments, viz:
"And the president and directors of any of said
banks, who shall make any such division of pro-
fits, or declare any such dividends or consent to or
voie for the same, shall be liable to pay doable
the amount of the sum so divided or declared, to
be recovered of them in their individual capacity,
by any person suing for the same, as debts of like
amount are recoverable; one half of said forfeit-
ure to go to the person suing, and the other half
to the corporation where the said bank is located.
"Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That justices
of the peace within the District of Columbia shall
have jurisdiction in all actions of debt against any
of the banks whose charters are hereby extended,
tor sums not exceeding one hundred dollars; and
ne appeal, certiorari, or injunction, shall be al-
lowed, granted, issued, or directed, by any court
within said District, unless an affidavit be first
made and filed in said court by the president, or
one or more of the directors of the banks so sued,
that such an appeal, certiorari, or injunction, is
not asked for the purpose of delay, but because he
or they believe there is ajust defence on the merits,
and that injustice is likely to be done, if said ap-
peal, certiorari, or injunction, should not be
granted."
The question was taken on the above branch,
and it was agreed to by—yeas 94, nays 78; the De-
mocracy voting in the affirmative, and the Oppo-
sition in the negative.
The question was then taken on the final passage
of the bill as amended, and was decided in the
negative as follows, viz: yeas 69, nays 90. This
was a mixed vote; but ihe failure of the bill
must be attributed to the bank Whig party—
had they all voted for the bill, it would have been
passed by a large majority. They refused to vete
for the bill, because of the amendments. I regret
that the bill did not pass with the amendments and
restrictions which were made to it; it would have
served to show that it is the object of the Demo-
cracy to reform the banks and the paper currency,
and not their object to prostrate one or destroy the
other. As it is, it serves to show that, while it is
the object of the Democratic party to place the
banking institutions in the same situation in which
other institutions and private individuals are
placed as to public and legal responsibility, by
which the individual community and every other
inteiest of the country may he secured from frauds
and oppression, it also shows that it is the policy
and principles of the Bank Whig party to over-
spread the country with bank corporations, and
bestow upon them such privileges and powers as
enable them to set the laws at defiance, rob the
people, and laugh to scorn their indignation at vio-
lated justice. I ask ihe honest, the candid, and the
patriotic man to examine the amendments which
were adopted by a majority .of this House. Is
there one of them the security of the public does
not demand] Is there one that past experience
does not require? Or is there one that an honest
banking institution, that intended to conduct its
business in a faithnl, honorable, and upright man-
ner, would, for a moment, repudiate?   None, sir.
Sir, I hope no man now living may ever see the
day when a bank shall be incoporated in this coun-
try without all the restrictions which were
adopted as amendments to the bill in question, and
one more in addition; that is, that no stockholder
shall be permitted to borrow from a bank in which
he holds stock. There is something superlatively
inconsistent, dangerous, and ridiculous, in in-
corporating an association of individual s as money
lenders, and permitting them to be the greatest bor-
rowers themselves of the currency of their own cre-
ation. Such an institution and such a privilege
are doubly dangerous and doubly fatal to all civil
rights, and every principle of equality. In the first
place, such an association has the power of making
currency, and in the second place, the individuals
of the association have the power to monopolize
the loans of that currency, and the consequent
power to monopolize all the trade within their
reach. But, sir, I must not get into a discussion of
the principles of banking and its evil consequences.
Such was not my object, when I rote.
The member from Maryland [Mr. JewrxR]
stated that those who introduced the amendments,
and those who sustained them, acted without re*
sponsibiUty «bo member  here due take wall a
