636
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
g6ra Cono. ......1st S*as.
Mr. iratteraon in reply lo Mr. Gentry.
&ay  U40.
H. of Rep8,
Bat at the same time we declared that
Mr. Van Barra was our second choice; thtt he be-
longed to the same party with whicn we were proud
to ac; that be held to the same doctrines and opi-
nions, on all great political questions, which Jeffer-
son, Madison, and oor own patriot Jackson, held
tot **d that, should ever the contest fettle down be-
tween him and Mr. Clay, or Mr. Webster, or Har-
mon, or any man of the old Opposition party, we
woald not hesitate to give him our cordial suppoit.
Yes, air, the* were our declaration and profes-
sions. None of as rode, or attempted to ride, upon
taw earrent of Judge White's popularity, or that of
any other individual. The election turned upon
ihJereai grounds. And here permit me to remark,
that, notwithstanding 1 was bat little more than eli-
gible to a seat in the Legislature, yet I received
snore than three-fonnhs ot all the votes polled in
the county—the largest county in the State, and, I
am happy to add, my native county, sir. Can my
aollaagne say as much? If not, he shonl 1 be a lit-
tle more particular, hereafter, how he makes round
assertions, unsupported by the facts of the case.
Mr. Speaker, I ask, vk Judge Whi>e ran in
Tennessee as an Opposition, or Whig candidate?
On the contrary, did not his leading friends bold him
■p, not only as a Jackson man, but the better Jack-
son maní And did they not also profess to be the
anient supporters of Jackson's ada ntstrauon?
Nay, sir, did not my colleague himself declare un-
der 'be sanctity of aa oath, that he believed Judge
White won Id be more certain to carry out the
"principal mensura-*" oí Jackson's administra-
tion, than Mr. Vaa Boren, or any other individual
who "had been presented to the consideration of
the American people for the Presidency,n and give
that as a reason why he should be nominated and
supported by the Repablican cmxens of Tennessee?
Has ay colleague forgotten this? Has his memory,
which is aid io be the lowest attribute of the hu-
man mind, become impaired at so early a period
of bisbfe? bit nectary for meto refresh hU
recollection? Whether it beer not, I shall proceed
to do so, in my own vindication, against the un-
provoked and pitiful assault be has been instigated
to make upon me. I will exhibit facts, stubborn
ami ««deniable fact*—facts which will show who
art the apostates—who have abandoned the prin-
ciples they professed to entertain, when urgiag the
people to enlist under the White banner.
I would first, sir, invite the attention of my col-
league to a part of the preamble and resolutions of
oar Legislature in 1935, nominating Judge Wbite
a candidate for the Presidency, which be bas made
it convenient to overlook, whilst reading detached
portions of the same, with the vain hope of esta-
blishing my inconsistency. The paragraph is in
these words:
"And whereas ao individual has been presented
to the consideration of the American people as a
candidate fur the next Presidency, whose character
and political opinions afford the same guarantee for
the maintenance of thrse principles which brought
General Jackson into office, and for carrying out
the principal measures of bis administration, and
which so we I accord with the political sentiments
of the people of Tennessee, as set forth ia this pre-
amble, as oar fellow «turn Hugh L. White, there-
fore,
"Xcssfeed, That Hogh Lawscn White be recom-
mended to the people ot the United States as a man
eminently qualified to fill the office of Presi-
dent"
This part of the preamble, in the House of Re-
presentative*, was passed—yeas 56, nays 16; my
coll. a?uc, ¿^Meredith P. Gentrt,«£H and
myself, voting in the affirmative. Thus, k appears,
that we were both Jackson men then, and desired
to see "the principal measures" of his administra-
tion carried out by his successor; and on tbat ac-
count, mainly, sustained by our votes the nomina-
tion of Wfcite for the Presidency, in the Legisla-
ture of Tennessee. Sir, I am ¡>tiil a Jackson man.
1 still approve of the "principal measures" of his
administration. I am still associated with his
friendo. Bat where is my colleague? He is to be
found in sweet communion with the Federalists and
Abolitionists in this ball—the old revilers of Jack-
ton—the most deadly enemies io the Soath and oar
Republican institutions. Yet he his the audaciiy
to rise in his place, and brand others as apostates
Verily, brazen impudence will  never cease.
Mr. Speaker, I have before me a speech made at
Na hvill« in May, 1835, by another colleague, [Mr.
Bell,] who, it is well known, had no «light agency
in bringing forward and sns'atning Judge White
for the Presidency. From that speech I will read a
few extracts, and would ask the House to observe
in what glowing and eulogistic terms General Jack-
son and his administration are spoken of—what
flaming Jackson men the friends of Judge White
are represented to be:
"It cannot be objected, said he, that General
Jackson or his administration is, or can bt, seriously
affected by a contest between two of his friends,
(White and Van Buren,) for the succession. Gen.
Jackson has been eminently successful and trium-
phant in all his measures. It is one of the happy
consequences of his great success, that the friends
of his administration may choose from among the
whole number of his friends whom they preler to
succeed him, safely, and without langer to his ad-
ministration.   (Great cheering.")
Again:
"Opposition to the administration of General
Jackson is the course which the worst enemies of
Judge White desire bis friends to adopt. They are
so anxious apon this point, that they appear deter-
mined to have Judge White and his friends in op-
position, whether they will or not. But, gentlemen,
the fnends of Judge White will adhere to General
Jackson and hi* administration from consistency,
and a respect for their own character, and because
they will be supporting their own piinciples upon
all questions properly administrative in their na-
ture, which have arisen orare I kely to arise. They
know too well how to bestow ibeir ammunition, to
waste it by firing into a bomb-proof battery.
(Great cheering.")
And again:
"It cannot be even plausibly objected that Judge
White may not be expected to cany outtheprinciples
of the present Administration, , far as depends upon
him; it we run a parallel between him and his com-
petitor (Mr. Van Buren) upon this point, and cal-
culate the probabilities, we shall find that ihe chances
are in favor of Judge White. He has been consis-
tent in the support of his present principles, and
the principles of ire Administration: his competitor
has not. If it «hall be said tbat the friends and
supporters of Judge White are not likely to be such
as will sustain his principles, I answer, that they
are more likely to be homogeneous in sentiment
>! an the supporters of Mr. Van Buren, as far as
«uncipie is concerned. Should Judge White pre-
vail in the contest over hisopponent, surely the great
Democratic Sates which it is said will support Mr.
Van Buren, will not desert their princip'es, because
their favorite leader shall have lost his election.
Their cherished Democratic principles will un-
doubtedly continue dear to them under the lead of
Judge White. Unless, then, the great body of Mr.
Van Buren's friends shill desert their principle ,
the Demociacy of the con try will still be trium-
phant. But we cannot suppose so great and so cross
a detection from principle, a< least in whole States;
andso ti o e fatheis of the Democrary of the eo n
try, and who it is said are so much grieved at the
pro pect of a division in the Democratic ranks,
mav diy up their tears."   (Cheers )
[Here Mr. Bell arose and said his colleague
was evidently making an attack upon him, and if
he were permitted to proceed he hoped that he [Mr.
Bzll] would be allowed to reply.]
Mr. Watterson continued. I am making no
attack apon my colleague unless ihe reading of his
own speech is an attack upon him. I am simply
showing the position which h , as one of the lead-
ers of the White partv in Tennessee, maintained
towards General Jackson and his administration.
And, sir, before I take my seat, I will give evidence
opon evidence, proving to a demonstration, that not
only he, bat many others in that Sta'e, who are
now the fiercest in their denunciations against the
Democratic party, were, in 1835, the loudest in
their professions ot Jackson'sm-
Tne next witness which I will introduce is the
Hon. Balis Peyton, well known, here and else-
where, as one of Judge White'  most able, zcalom
and distinguished supporters. Let us hear his tejl
umony. I find it in a speech made ata public dit.
ner, which was given to him at Oxford, North Caro-
lina, April 2, 1835. A friend by my side says it
is the best speech that Mr. Peyton ever delivered.
It is charged (said Mr. Peyton) that Judge
White "is the candidate of the Opposition, that he
has separated himself from his friends, and that
he has abandoned General Jackson. To gentle-
men ef the Jackson party here and elsewhere I
have a right to speak, for I claim to be one of the
most humble, yet one of the matt ardent of General
Jackton'e friendi; I have always been allowed 'o
have at least as much zeal as discretion in every
thing which concerned htm. I was early taught to
revere him as one of Ihe patriarchs who achieved
our frontier independence; I was born, raised, and
live within a few miles of Ihe Hermitage Gen.
Jackson is associated with many endearing recol-
lections. He and my father toiled together in the
same common cause; they went through the Indian
war side by side, and ever afterwards they were
friends. In the late war, my brothers were volun-
teers in his army, followed him to victory, and one
of them to his grave. Since I have been capable
of forming an opinion, and judging for myself, my
attachment to the man, my confidence ia his prin-
ciples, and admiration for his virtues, his patriot-
ism, his chivalry, and his political coarse, have in-
creased.
"To gentlemen of the Jackson party here aad
elsewhere I will say, that if these charges were
true—if a doubt exi.ted in my mind of their utter
want of all foundation in fact—nay, if I did not
know that it was absolutely impossible for them to
be true, I would be ashamed not only t > ask you
to support Judge W hits for such an office as the
Presidency of the United States, but I would turn
from him myself as a hypocrite and deserter.
"Jtidse White the candidate of the Opposition!
Judge White abandon those principles apon which
he has acted through lite! Who presented him to
the American People? Who first unfurled the
Wbite banner, an emblem of purity and peace,
under which all can repose with confidence and
safety, and take breath after those fierce and angry
conflicts which have so recently swept over the
country? It was the people of Alabama, followed
by the people of Tennessee, General Jackson's
most ardent friends and zealous supporters. Yes,
sir, the White banner was first unfurled where
General Jackson's victorious flag was first seen
streaming in the wind, and by those people who
cultivate his glorious battle field, backed and sus-
tained by the brave officers and soldiers who bore
bis victorious standard on the plains of Talladega,
and the Emuckfaw, 'through the fields of Tatla-
hatehee, Tehopeka, and Enotachopko, and planted
it before the gates of New Orleans, and there, in
its defence, under the guidance of their chief, the
most celebrated captain of the age, performed such
feats of valor as won tor him immortal glory, and
for their country imperishable renown. Yes, sir,
these are the men whose spontaneous feelings hare
presented Judge White as a candidate for the Pre-
sidency, without any solicitation or agency on his
part. He has been presented by the earliest friends,
the oldest soldiers of General Jackson, if not the
best."
Mr. Speaker, cou'd language be stronger? What!
said Mr. Pey'on, "Judge White the candidate of the
Opposition! Jadge White abandon those princi-
ples upon which he has acted through life!" Im-
possible! Why, sir, he seemed to be perfectly
horror stricken at the very idea, and under the iml
pulse of his Jackson feelings, exclaimed, "if these
charges were true, (that is, that Judge White had
abandoned Old Hickory and joined the Whigs) I
would turn from him myself as a hypocrite and a
deseiter."   Comment is unnecessary.
I will, now, sir, read from a letter which bears
date, January 1st, 1835, and signed by eight mem-
bers of Congress from Tennessee.
"Wi owe it to consistency, to principles, and to
our own character, to do nothing that would so di-
vide our party, as to overthrow it with the leading
principles identified with it, and therefore if now,
or at any time hereafter, there should be a probabi-
