May, 1840.
APPENBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
esr
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
lily of producing such a result by running Judge
White, we ought not to take bim up; or if taken up,
and the danger should become imminent, it would
be necessary that one or «he other of the opposing
candidates of our party should be withdrawn.
Jambs Standifer,
Balie Peyton,
Wm. M. Inge,
Samuel Bunch,
John Bell,
John B. Forrester,
Luke Lea,
David W. Dickinson."
«*Oor party;" what party? The Democratic
Jackson pariy. The "leading principles identified
wiih it," said they, must not be overthrown, and,
therefore, if such a result is likely to be produced
by running Judge White, "we ought not to take
him up." What more? But if he is taken up,
and the "danger should become imminent," "one
or the other of the opposing candidates of our par-
ty should be withdrawn." Who were the opposing
candida'es of "our part)?" Judge While and Mr.
Van Buren. Then according to their own decla-
rations, if Judge White had been taken off trie
track, they would have supported the other candi-
date of "our party" (Mr. Van Buren) for the Pre-
sidency. Now, sir, what do we heai? Their tune
is changed, and right in the face of their former
assertions, they roundly charge that Mr. Van Buren
never did belong to "our party"—the Democratic
party—to which they professed to be attached
themselves. Yes, sir, they assert (at least ihe most
of them do) that he never was a Democrat, al-
though they supported him for the Vice Presidency ¡
in 183*2, and in a certain event (ihe withdrawal of '
White) were prepared to support him for the Pre-
sidency in 1836! And, would it be believe 1, n,ey
now iterate and reiterate charges against him
which they pronounced false and slanderous but
five years ago!
Mr. Speaker, upon the preamble and resolutions
of the Legislature of Tennessee, nominating Judge
White a candidate for the Presidency, a number of
speeches were made by bis friends, setting forth the
reasons why ihe freemen of that State should sup-
port him in preference to Mr. Van Buren. Among
others I hold in my band one delivered by General
Caruthers, the brother-in-law of my colleague [Mr. i j
Gentry.]   Hear him:                                            l
" The truth i«, the  race is between White and
Van Baren, the candidate of the people, and of the
Baltimore Convention.   These gentlemen are both
talented, and have both fought in the Republican
ranks.     They have  been  good  Jackson   men.
White, to be sure, has done him more service, for
he commenced sooner by many years, and has fousht
harder, for he always has been in the hottest of the
action, and the old chief has never sounded his poli-
tical war-trump, but White was in the field, and at
his side; he has never called for a vanguard, but
White has stepped forward    **** •*
White has come out on all the vetoes and messages,
and every leading measure of Jackson's adminis-
tration; and is therefore   pledged in print, and
nnder his own band upon them, and will, as sure as
he is an honest statesman, carry them out, if he
sbeuld succeed.   Mr.  Van Buren's situation has
not been such as  to make it necessary that he
should take sides upon these agitating questions;
and it seems to be admitted on all hands, that he
is one of those poli.icians who will not   obtrude
his sentiments upon the public, on questions which
have two sides, but is modest and retiring in his
policy; there is perhaps  one  exception   in  this
course.   I would not do any man injustice.   Un
one occasion, in a toast, if 1 mistake not, he did
say, "uncompromising opposition to the  United
States Bank."    Since what little we see of his sen-
timents is good,  what a pity it is we cannot get
more, in toasts, or some  more solid way.     But
White has made lengthy arguments on that sub-
ject, for which be has been lauded to the skies by
the very men who are now abusing him.    He has,
ever since  1817, been standing upon the strong
ground,   that  the   Bank   of   the  United   States
and all banks of that kind, are unconstitutional,
as well as inexpedient.     ••••**
If Judge White cannot be elected,! would much pre-
Mr. Watterson in reply to Mr. Gentry.
fer his election (Mr. Van Buren'¡>) to that of any
Opposition man, notwithstanding my objections to
him; for you have seen, sir, from I have said, that I
have many objections to him, when compared to
Whi'e; but still I would much prefer him to any
man whose principles are adverse to those which
have characterized and made glorious the present
Administration."
This, sir, is the evidence of one of Judge White's
leading friends in our Legislature in 1835. And
what does it prove? That White and Van Buren
were both considered Republicans at that time;
that they were both Jackson men; White, to be
sure, had done Jackson "more service," because
he had "fought harder," and was always in the
field and at his side when the old chief sounded his
political war-trump. Moreover, White had come
out on all the vetoes and messages, and every lead-
ing measure of Jackson* s administration. Indeed
"since 1817 he had been standing on the stiong
ground that the Bunk of the Untied States, and all
banks of that kind, were unconstitutional, as well
as inexpedient," whilst Mr. Van Buren had been
rather sparing of such "good sentiments," and had
only said on one occasion, and that in a toast,
"Uncompromising hostility to the United Siaies
Bank." But notwithstanding these and some
other objections to Mr. Van Buren, he was much
preferable to any man whose principles were ad-
verse to those which had "chaiacterizad and made
glorious" Jackson's administration. I will add
that the ground taken by Gen Caruthers was the
same that all White's friends assumed, from the
most distinguished,down to the most humble mem-
ber of the party.
Mr. Speaker, in April, 1835, a very large White
meeting was held at Franklin, in my colleague's
[Mr. Gentry] own county, at which a spirited
preamble and resolutions were drawn up by the
Hon. A. P. Maury, Dr. W. S. Webb, James John-
son, John Watson, Dr. Joel Walker, James Ho-
gan, jr. Gen. L. Nolin, W. Rucker, and T. L.
Green, cq. They were unanimously adopted.
Newton Cannon acted as chairman. Here is a
part of the preamble.
" Since the election of Jackson, has White fal-
tered in support of the Administration? Has he
been less vigorous or less efficient that Mr. Van
Buren in advocating its measures? On the contra-
ry, has he not stood forth on the floor of the Senate,
as one of its ablest advocates, bearing himself so
nobly as to increase the admiration ot his friends,
and extort the reluctant esteem of his opponents?
In the mean time, what has Mr. Van Buren done?
What recorded evidence have we, that, if elected,
he will carry oi« the measures of the present Ad-
nrnistranon?"
My colleague [Mr. Gentry] will recognise,
among the committee who reported the preamble
and resolutions, the name of the Hon. A. P. Maury,
bis piedecessor in Congress, and, in the chairman
who signed it, the ex-Governor of Tennessee, New-
ton Cannon. Will he be good enough to inform
the House in what company these men can now be
found? Whether, like himself, they have deserted
the old Democratic camp, and joined the blue light
Federalists of the North? 1 hope, unlike him, they
have not become the "slanderers and revilers"
of the purest Republicans and best men of the age,
in order to place in power men whose principles are
at war with all that our gallant State has ever held
dear.
I could detain the House, sir, from this time un-
til to-morrow morning, by reading similar extracts
from the preambles and resolutions adopted at
White meetings in Tennessee, but I conceive it to
be unnecessary, and will hasten on, as I have al-
ready consumed moie time than I intended when I
arose.
It will be recollected that a White paper was
published in this city in the early part of the year
1835, called the "Sun," underthe auspices, and, as
1 have understood, with the money of my colleague
[Mr. Bell] and others. In their opening "address
to the public," the editors said:
"Judge White is, and has long been, the firm,
undeviating, and intimate friend of Gen. Jackson;
bred in the same political school, warmed by the
H. of Reps.
same ardent patriotism, and cherishing the same
Republican feelings."
These sentiments were echoed and re-echoed,
Mr. Speaker, by all the White papers in Tennes-
see. The Nashville Republican, the leading White
Journal m the State, teemed with articles of a like
kind.   Hear that paper, m February, 1835:
"On most of the great political topics of the day,
they (Jackson and White) have thought alike, and
side by side have they battled for those principles
which have been pronounced by a large majority
ot the American people to be sound, salutary, and
correct. Judge White has been an efficient, sin-
cere, and independent, though not a sycophantic
supporter of the mo*-t important measures of Gen.
Jackson's administration, and no man would, we
are convinced, carry out those measures with more
ability, firmness, and discretion." * • * *
"One of the many causes which will induce them
(ihe people of Tennessee) to support Judge White,
is, that he has been a consistent and straightfor-
ward supporter of the administration of him (Gen.
Jackson) whom they have delighted to honor.
The Knoxville Register, published in Judge
White's own town, his organ and mouth piece,
held this language in April, '35:
"Gen. Jackson must feel assured, that the great
political pnneiples which brought him into power,
and which he has so nobly sustained, will be in-
violably preserved under the administration of either
JuJge White or Mr. Van Buren. Their political
principles are the same, and they are both sup-
porters of his administration."
Mr. Speaker, I shall trouble the House with no
more documents. What I have already laid be-
fore them, triumphantly establishes the truih of
what I stated in the outset, that in Tennessee, Judge
White was supported not only as a Jackson man,
but the better Jackson man, and that the leaders of
the White party profes ed to be the ardent friends
of Jackson's administration—to be opposed to all
the doctrines and wild schemes of the modern
Whigs. Sir, suppose Gen. Harrison had been rin
in Tennessee instead of Judge White; how many
votes would he have received against Mr. Van Bu-
ren? Not ten thousand out of more than one hun-
dred thousand. At that time no man in the Union
could have got ihe electoral votes ot the State tn
opposit'ou to Mr. Van Buren but Judge White—
much less a black cockade Federalist, who sup-
ported, and was supported by, both the elder and
younger Adams.
Sir, I think I heard the word "fawn"—that, but
a ihort time ago, I "fawned upon the distinguished
leaders of the Whig party in Tennessee." This is
not only incorrect, but absolutely false. Let my
colleague [Mr. Gentry] ask the man [Mr. Bell]
whose spawn he is, if ever I "fawned" upon him.
No, sir, no. Among all my political sins, thank
Heaven, I will not have to answer for that, either
in this world or the world to come. If my colleague
meant to include himself among the "distinguished
leader*," and to allege that I "fawned" upon him,
that is a much greater mistake. If I would not
"lawn" upon the principal, think you that I would
"iawn" upon the too? If he had in his mind one
of the late Senators from Tennessee, [Mr. Foster,]
and used the word "lawn" to convey the idea that
I was once his friend, I plead guilty to the charge.
But never since Mr. Foster voted for Mr. Critten-
den's gag bill, would 1 have supported him for any
office, from the highest to the lowest. I consider
that bill, as well as the one now under considera-
tion, as one of the most deadly blows which have
ever been aimed, by any of our country, against
that liberty which was achieved by the blood of the
patriots of the Revolution.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague, in the excess of his
wisdom, has thought proper to inform the House
that some "generóos judge" gave me a license to
practice law; but as to the extent of my 'fees" he
is uninformed! This is truly a most wonderful
development, worthy of the high source from
which it comes. I regret, however, that it has
been made, as I fear it will as effectually blast my
future prospects as Mr. Grundy's report in the Se-
nate blasted, in the bud, the project which my col-
league gave notice he would introduce, to "distri-
