638
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th CoNG'—ltr Sbmu
July, 1840.
iVavy dppropriaUon Bill—Mr. Leadbelter.
H. of RepB.
b«te the proceeds of the public land*', and to As-
wan th« ox-ate or the Staiw!"
My colleague, sir, has dealt id much slang of a
simitar kmd in reference to myself, bat it is so low
ami contemptible, that I deem it beneath my notice,
and therefore will pass it by as I would the ravings
of a simpleton. I expected when he commenced
his speech, that be would endeavor to controvert
the fads which I slated oa a former occasion in re-
gard to the complexion of the Harruburg Conven-
tion; bat scarcely a whisper has fallen from his
lips. la this he acted widely—no doubt under dae
advisement- Not a untie statement which 1 made
wbea addressing the House upon this bill (Mr.
Bw.lv gag bill) has he disproved. Remember
that, sir I
Mr. Speaker: i« teplying to my colleague I have
had to use strong language, bul not more so than
his vulsar attacks merited. 1 think I have shown,
eoacla&ively shown, to every member upon this
noor„be be Whig or Democrat, who are the apos-
tates, my colleague and his as  ciates in Tennessee,
who supported White as the "belter Jackson"
man, and are now tor Harrison, or myself and
others who did the same thing and aie now for
Mr. Van Buren.
Thanking the House for the unanimous consent
with which 1 have been permitted to reply to the
dignified and decent remarks of my colleague, an 1
the attention they have paid me, I shall say no
more, leaving htm to enjoy the victory he has
gamed, the laurels be has won by his maiden ef-
fort.
REMARKS OF MR. LEADBETTER,
OF OHIO
In Ike H«ut cf RtfTtttnUtivts, July      1840—On a
motion to reconsider the vote on the passage of
the Naval Appropriation bill.
Mr. LEADBETTER said: Mr. 8pe*ker, I rise,
sir, to a privileged question; and, sir, I do so from
a seme of doty which I owe to my constituency,
as well as to myself. Having vo ed in the affirma-
tive on " the passage of the bill making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the presrnt year,"
I move to reconsider the yo'e of yesterday, by
which this bill was passed. And, sir, if the House
will reconsider the vote, 1 shall move to recommit
this bill to the Committee of Ways and Means,
with i he fo'lowin; instructions, which I send to the
C erk's table, to be read for information:
" That Hoase bill No. 6, making appropriations
for the naval service for the year 1840, be recom-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
that said commit ee rrport, without delay, the pro-
bable expense of purchasing a site, and  >f the con-
stme'ion of a dry dock in the harbor of New York,
together with the necessary fixtures, engines, etc.
appurtenant thereto, and the probable length of
time it would require to construct the same; and,
atoo, as to the propriety of commencing the work at
this time, under the depressed situation of our
financial condition."
Sir, I stated that it was a duly which I owed to
aay constituency to make this motion; and I shall
now proceed to state the reasons why I have not
oaly considered it my duty to make this motion,
bat to offer a few reasons why the vole upon this
bill should be reconsidered and recommitted with
insti actions, such as I have proposed.
Sir, when this bill was under consideration in
Committee of the Whole on the Mate of the Union,
I then submitted a few remarks opon the impropri-
ety of commencing the construction of this work
at a time when the state of our finances seems to
forbid it. But a ten upon a question oí this kind
could not be made in committee; the yeas and nays
could not he called. But what was the course pur-
sued by the friends of this extravagant and unwise
appropriation of money when this bill was reported
to this Hoase? Were not all p. op. sitióos to strike
oat, in whole, or in part, this item in the bill, cut
off by the previous question? But, sir, the filends
of true economy did not s'op here; for as soon at
the amendments were passed upon by the
House, a motion was made to recommit
this bill, with instructions to strike out this
appropriation:    but   no    sooner    made    than
New York was on her feet, and the pievious
question was again sprung and sustained And
such appeared to be the devotion to salt water con-
stitutionality, that the yeas and nays were tefused
upon that motion.
Sir, if the yeas and nays bad th?n been permit-
ted to have been taken upon ibat question, by
which my constituency could have known by
whom it was that ihis prodigal expendituie had
been fastened upon them, in common with the rest
of the laboring community, 1 might have been in-
duced to let this bill pass on its way to the
Senate chamber unmolested. But this small boon
was denied, and there was no alternative lell but
to make the motion which I have. And, sir, I
will cow put the question to this House, whether
this is the proper time to commence the construc-
tion of a work which will eventually cost this na-
tion not less than two millions of dollars? And
who among us is prepared to say that this drv
dock, with its fixture, can be constructed f rless?
Where are year estimates, and who made them?
What e mmiitee has reported upon this subject
What evidence have you of Us ab«olut« necessity
at this moment, and why i« it attached to the navy
appropriation bill? Does ihe honorable chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means pretend to
inform as how much this work will cost the people,
what length of time it will require in its construc-
tion, and what the sum to be paid for a site? No,
sir, no.
Sir, 1 have not had sufficient time to make a full
examination into the history of the rise and pro-
gress of this grand scheme. But from a slight ex-
amination, I find that in the year eigh'een bundled
and thirty-five, a law was passed, and the «urn of
one hundred thousand dollars was therein appro-
priated lor the purchase of a site, and the construc-
tion of a dry dock in the harbor of New York.
Sir, I have been informed, verbally, that some four
or five thousand dollars of that appropriation was
expended in making surveys. Two years since, at
the second session of the last Congress, a bill was
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs, ap-
propriating one hundred thousand dollars towards
purchasing a site, and in the construction of a dry
dock in the harbor of New York; and, sir, ihis bill
was then defeated; and defeated at a time when the
Treasury was in as good a condition as it is at this
ttme. Sir, 1 should like to krow what new lights
have burst upon the vision of this Committee of
Ways and Means, and of this House, that this ap-
propriation most be pushed through at this inau-
spicious moment?
Why was not this appropria'ion offered for con-
sideration at the last session of Congress? The
honorable chairman wasj then a member of the
same committee over which he now presides Will
the former members of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who are now members of the present com-
mittee, gratify me in this particular? If Ibe mem-
bers of the committee will not respond, will the
immediate fnends of this measure inform me why
an effort wa« not made at the last sessions to pass
this appropriation? Did they know that they had
been defeated the session before? Di I they consi-
der it prudent to let the matier pass by, until ihis
hall should be filled with new members, and then,
by attaching to it the navy appropriation bill, un-
der the honeyed words of an ''unexpended balance
of a former appropriation," &c. "be, andthefame
is hereby «appropriated," by which it mignt appear
to ihe unwary as if the construction of the work
had been long since begun, and the money still in
the Treasury' But, sir, there is one other view to
be taken in relation to this subject? By the law of
eighteen hundred and thirty-five a site was
to be purchased. By the bill reported in
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, a site
was to be purchased. By the bill just passed a site
is to be purchased. Is the House aware that upon
the passage of the law, in eighteen hundred and
ihirty-five, all the land and mud and water
adjoining, or adjacent to, the navy yard at Brook-
lyn, passed into the hands of specu'ators? Perad-
venture this appropriation may be necessary to
assist them, or help them out with their .«pecula-
tions; but of this I know nothing and care less. It
is sufficient for me to know, that a purchase is to
be made; the laws all require it, and this must be
done without reference to the expense, and I will
venture to affirm, that at the next session of Cog.
grew, the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means will bring into this House an item attached
to the navy appropriation bill, asking us to vole
the further sum of one hundred, or one hundrsrj
and fifty thousand dollars, for the purpose of com-
pleting the payment for a site for a dry dock in the
harbor of New York. Sir, in looking round Jfle,
I am constrained to ask, what has become of the
vaunting friends of retrenchment? Shall I appeal
to that party, who have hung out the banner of
Harrison reform?
[A member rising to a question of order, Mr. L.
was informed by (he Speaker that this was a ques-
tion of reconsideration, and that it was not in order
to discuss the question of party, dec]
Sir, I am well aware that this is a question of re*
consideration, and lam well aware that it is not in
order to discuss party que*tions, nor will I; andl
am as well aware that the question of reconaidt
ration permits me to discuss ihe merits of the bill,
or any part of it, or otherwise it wou'd preclude
me from giving my reasons why the vote should
b; tec msidered. But, sir, I did not appeal to that
party under any hope or expectation that they
wculd join with me in the reconsideration of this
question. No, sir; no, sir, I know ihem tro well
to indulge in such idle hopes; such like appropria-
tions are in perfect keeping wiih all other of their
acts, professions to the contrary notwithstanding.
But, sir, I feel myself at liberty to appeal to that
party with whom I have taken the greatest plea-
sure in acting, and more particularly will I appeal
to those who are, in this matter, acting in concert
with the great body of the Opposition, to
pause before it is too late, and to reflect uron
the conrs? they are pursuing, the obnoxious
charges to which they may be subjected,
by the adopton of an unwise and imprudent prece-
dent, of making appropriations for the commence-
ment of new works, without an estimate of the pro-
bable expense. Have you weighed well the con-
sequences, and are you aware of its dangerous ten-
dencies? I will not enter íato detail here; every
member is fully aware of the results. But, sir, if
their constituents are willing to submit to this kind
of legislation, mine are not. Sir, that people which
I have the honor to lepresent are not only willing
to be taxed for every necessary expenditure of their
Government, be the amount what it may, but they
demand this at the hand of their Representatives;
but in addition to this, in common with the rest of
the laboring community, they have a right to know
the amonnt which is proposed to be raised, and the
purdoses to which it is appropriated. And, sir,
when you refuse that of the community, from
whom all your resources are drawn, this know-
ledge, whoso right it is to know, let me say to such,
that they are treading upon dangerous ground, and
that to trifle w.th the laboring people will nor end
in triflles. Sir, at a time when you arc building
towers with stupendous colonnades to adorn
your Eastern cities, under the pretence
of necessity and convenience, under the shade
of which your loafer can snuff a constitutional sea
breeze, and which for splendor and magnificence
are scarcely equalled by those erected at the labor
and expense of a trodden-down people, at the nod
of Eastern despotism, you are still drawing upon
the hard earnings of an industrious, patriotic, and
confiding people. And, sir, at a moment when the
exigencies of the times seem to require all the ener-
gies of the people to provide means for the support
of Government, you propose to commence a new
work, not knowing when it is to end, and evidently
not demanded by the best interests of the nation.
What spec'acle do you present to the laboring com-
munity, and especially to those who reside in the
West? In that section of your common country,
a small appropriaiion has been asked for, for the
prosecution of a work already commenced, and
that based upon estimates; and, sir, upon this ques-
tion we heard denunciations "long and loud," up-
on the the subject of extravagance and wasteful
expenditures; and the lofty mountains of the Alle-
gany interposed their high constitutional barriers,
and foiled the appropriation,   But no sooner 'han
