«44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
26th Cono .... 1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Wagener.
H. of Reps.
try, the ruin to which it leads falls most heavily on
the great laboring c'asses, who are thrown suddenly
oat of employment, and by the failure of magnifi-
cent schemes, never intended to enrich them, are
deprived in a moment of their only resource
Abases of credit and excesses in speculation will
happen, in despite of the most salutary laws; no
Government, perhaps, can altogether prevent them;
but surely every Government can refrain from con-
tributing the stimulus that calls them into life."
The currency is to be deranged; and how, I
would ask? It' I am to understand the gentlemen
that the currency, as it now exists, is to be affected,
and a currency equal to gold and silver, by the ope-
rations of this bill, to be substituted, I heartily re-
spond to their proposition. But if they are for up-
holding and maintaining the present depreciated
currency, (and from the tenor of that argument 1
have a fair right to draw this conclusion,) then we
are as far apart as the poles. This bill can have
no further effect upon our currency than aid in its
regeneration.
Much has been said about money and currency,
and their effects upon the prosperity of a country.
We have had brought forward the currencies of
the different countries of the world, for our imita-
tion; one party of this House contending that such
a currency would be most likely to advance our
best interests; another such an one. Now, sir, so
far as regards my own reflections upon this subject
I am free to say, that I do not consider it the best
policy for this Government to imitate either. From
our locality, from our wide and extensive domain,
from the nature of our Government, we are forced
to oar own resources, for a stable and uniform
currency. The legal currency of this country is
gold and silver; the general currency is a mixed
one, composed of gold and silver, and bank notes.
The important principle to attain is, to preserve
this mixed currency stable and uniform. It seems
conceded on all sides that we cannot dispense with
banks; and, in discussing this question of policy, I
assume it. Then, sir, as our currency is a mixed
one, how is it uniformly to be preserved?
The wise men who framed our Constitution (hav-
ing the fatal consequences of a paper money, by
authority, before them) established no other cur-
rency, or money, than gold and silver; and, if we
desire to follow in their footsteps, this nation (com-
posed of twenty-six sovereign States) must repu-
diate any currency that is not its equivalent, as a
representative of value. Money is generally un-
derstood as the representative or measure of value;
and it must be of equal value, or great injustice
is imposed upon the community. And, sir, it is
the universally admitted opinion, that gold and
silver is the most stable and uniform currency that
can be devised; and, being possessed of intrinsic
value, has become the universal equivalent of any
commodity throughout the world. Not so with a
paper currency. It has no intrinsic value; it is,
properly speaking, to a certain extent, a circulating
credit. And, sir, it should never be permitted to
circulate for any length of time, when it does not
realize, on demand, gold and silver. This, then,
should be the aim of this nation to effect. We
have had it demonstrated, that to encourage an
excessive paper circulation is not the true po-
licy of mis Government; but to circumscribe
it as far as our constitutional powers will
permit. The withdrawal of the public funds
from banks, and the requirements of payment,
gradually, of our debts in gold and silver, will
have, irrefragabiy, a salutary influence upon our
monetary system. And, sir, if a reformation can-
not be effected, the banking system will break
down with its own weight. There will be no ne-
cessity for legislation. I hold that no currency in
this conn try can exist long, that does not maintain
a gold and silver value. The people will not sub-
mit to any other.
Thirdly. That it will reduce the value of real
estate, the wages of labor, and the productions of
the country.
When gentlemen are compelled to resort to as-
sumptions like these to sustain their opposition to
this bill, they most demonstrably prove the weak-
Bess of their position. How can this bill affect the
value of real estate!   Gentlemen say that property
'I is depressed, sacrifices made, and general ruin op-
presses the landed interest; and that this state of
thiogs is to be imputed to the Independent Treasu-
ry. It must be by some magic that a measure not
in existence has produced such a supposed revolu-
tion in our pecuniary affairs. Gentlemen are not
to hope that bare assertion is to be admitted as
fact, or false argument as true. No one who will
examine dispassionately and impartially into cau-e
and effect, but will admit that the true cause of the
depression in the value of real property (if it does
exist) is not the one assumed by the Opposition. I
am net aware, howevtr, Mr. Chairman, that the
condition of the country, as assumed, is true; but
for the argument admit it. "What has produced it?
The facilities of procuring means from banks
brought into existence a speculative spirit, encou-
raged unusual competition; which gave a fictitious
value to lands, and advanced their price above
their real value. This state of things was tempo-
Vary. Banks contract; loans reduced; means
cease; and of consequence a reduction in the no-
minal value of land. In support of the justice of
my conclusions, I will fur a moment refer to days
gone by. What was the cause of the pressure io
the prices of lands, in 1818, '19, '20, '21, and '22,
when the Bank of the United States was in exist-
ence? Yes, sir, tor the wide-spread ruin that then"
overwhelmed our farmers, I could appeal to those
who reside in my district for its intensity. Lands
that were sold at that time lor twenty to thirty dol-
lars per acre, now bring from sixty to eighty dol-
lars. They then experienced real distress from the
extension and contraction of bank credit. No In-
dependent Treasury at that time. It is, however,
a consolation (in the wide spread desolation as de-
picted by the opponents of this bill) that the far-
mers of the district I have the honor to represent
have avoided the rock upon which they split in
1819, '20, '¿1, and '32, and amid the present crush
they stand unscathed.
The value of the products of the farmer is re-
duced by the operation of this bill, say its oppo-
nents. In maintain? this proposition, they refer to
the present prices of grain, and impute its depres-
sion to the Independent Treasury. Do gentlemen
seriously maintain this doctrine? If they do, I
must confess that I was not prepared for such an
absurdity. Prices of flour and grain are affected
by supply and demand, and, in tome measure, by
expansions and contractions of credit. In 1820,
flour was five dollars per barrel; in 1821, $3 75;
in 1826, $4 50; in 1830, $4 50—when there was no
Independent Treasury to operate. What then ihe
causes? There were two—the supply greater than
the demand, and contraction of credit. What is
the true cause now? Through the bounties of Pro-
vidence, we have been blessed with a luxuriant
harvest, and the farmer's granaries are full to over-
flowing. He must have a market for the surplus,
and in proportion to the demand the prices will ad-
vance or decline. Ihere being no foreign demand
for our staples, and a surcharge of the surplus ne-
cessary, prices of course decline; and in addition,
the present condition of our banks more or less af-
fects their prices. Notwithstanding this supera-
bundance of our products, and no foreign demand
for them, prices are net as low as they were in
1821, '26, and '30.
No one upon this floor can feel a deeper interest
in the welfare and prosperity of the farmer than
myself, and did I not, I should be unworthy a
seat here. A large proportion of my constituents
are farmers, whose support I have at all times re-
ceived, and for which friendship I trust I shall ne-
ver desert their best interests.
It will reduce the wages of labor.
The productive labor of this country should be
fostered and encouraged; and could I believe that
this bill could have the least effect upon this class
of our population, it should never receive my sup-
port or vote. But as I conscientiously believe it
will be productive of good, (to a certain extent,)
and benefic al to this class of my fellow-citizens, I
am impelled the more earnestly to advocate its pas-
sage. What should the mechanic and laborer,
whojhas toiled the week out, receive for his labor?
Should he receive it in depreciated bank papei?
Should that class of our citizens, whose productive
labor advances the true wealth of the nation, be
compensated in less than gold and silver? Is this
the doctrine of ihe opposition? What are the
prices of labor now? Have they been reduced ma-
terially, or at all? Is not labor better compensated
now than it was in many peiiods during ihe exist*
ence of the Bank of the United States? The en-
deavor to impress upon the working class the idea
that the Executive and his supporters are hostile to
their interest, will not prevail. To no class of our
community is the Democracy of the Union more
indebted for its ascendency, and to no one class of
its citizens will it cling more strongly, in main-
taining their interest and supporting their welfare.
I now come to the last branch ot this subject—
the prominent causes that have produced the un-
settled state of our monetary affaiis, and the flue
taations of trade upon our commercial, manufac-
turing, and agiicultural-interests.
An ineffectual effort has b en made by the Op-
position to attribute to the measures and policy car-
ried out and sustained by the late and present Ex-
ecutive, the derang d state of our currency, the vi-
brations and uncertainty of tiade, and the pressure
now existing upon a certain portion of our com-
munity. Would time allow me to enter into a full
examination of the measures and policy of the late
and present Administrations, I feel persuaded that I
could satisfy every candid mind, who seeks, for the
truth, that so fai from the measures recommended
by the President as being productive of these evils,
had they been carried out, they would have, to a
very great extent, averted the present condition of our
country. The causes are too prominent to be es-
chewed. They are no longer to be disguised. They
are no longer to be enveloped in doubt and uncer-
tainty by subterfuge and sophistry. They stand in
bold relief before the people. And what are they?
Excessive banking, carrying in its train excessive
credit and an inflated currency, and the immense
State loans created by issuing stocks (and which
are held principally by foreign capitalists) for the
purpose of prosecuting internal improvements and
to provide for banking capital. Thewt are of the
prominent causes to which we are to ascribe oar
present monetary condition, and my design is to
produce such facts as will conclusively sustain the
position I have assumed.
In 1820, number of banks was 308. capital
$137,000,000.
In 1830, number of banks was 320, capital
$148,000,000.
In 1840, number of banks was (mark the dif-
ference) 901, capital $360,000,000.
The appalling fact is here developed, that the in-
crease of banks, from 1830 to 1840, was five hun-
dred and eighty-one, and the increase of capital,
two hundred and eleven million dollars—seventy-
five millions more than the whole capital of 1830.
What other effect in our monetary system could
have been anticipated, when these statements are
before us? They opened at once a wild field for
excesive credit and unsafe speculation; and how
effectually was it embraced! In 1836, our imports
exceeded our exports sixty-oae millions. The
banks discover that they have en en led their credit
beyond their available means. Curtailment takes
place. What the consequence? apressue in 1837,
and a suspension of specie payments—a resumption
in 1838. The same game played in 1839—thirty-
nine millions imported over our exports, and thirty-
four millieas more than in 1838, and another sus-
pension follows. And, in further elucidation of
my views, contrast the sale of public lands be-
tween 1830, '35, and '36. In 1830, one million
two hundred thousand dollars; in 1835, fourteen
million seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars; in
1836, twenty-four million dollars. Does not this
expose, establish, beyond the possibility of cavil,
the cause of the present unwholesome and unsound
condition of our moneyed concerns? Does it not
prove that fictitious banking capital, to seek em-
ployment, encouraged thrse enormous importa-
tions and wild speculations in our public do-
main? At one moment we have a redundancy of cir-
culation, at another a contraction—continually dis-
turbing the due and natural course of trade. And
let me here call the attention of the manufacturers
as to the effects which this overbanking has had
