April, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
644
SfrrH Cong.......1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Hopkins.
H. of Reps.
opon their interes's. To impute your distresses to
the Independent Treasury bill, as the opponents of
the General Administration contend, cannot be
sustained by any fair reasoning. They have no
data by which they have arrived to this conclusion.
It is mere assertion, mere supposition. But I will
show you, by data not to be overthrown, that the
banks, by thstr enormous loans to importers, have
facilitated the introduction of a large surplus, be-
yond the wants of the Government, of foreign
goods, and which now are to be sold for what they
will bring, to your great detriment and loss. They
have driven you out of the market, unless you
come in and submit to a wholesale sacrifice of your
property. Had not these facilities been within the
reach of the importéis, would eighty five millions
of foreign goods in two years beyond the exports,
(and principally I rom England,) have been import-
ed into this country, a supply far above the wants
of the people? And had hot more been imported
iban a wholesome trade would warrant, would it
not have left you in the market, with a reasonable
hope of realizing fair sales,? Are you not, by this
excess of foreign goods, remaining in the markets
of New York and Philadelphia, and now being sold
at auction, without reserve, bensibly and materially
affected in the sale of your manufactured goods? I
leave you to answer.
A new drain (and one of no common magnitude)
upon the resources of our industry, has arisen in
the enormous debt created by the different States of
this Union, for the purposes of internal improve-
ment and of banking capital. Scarcely freed from
a debt of one hundred and twenty millions dollars,
made for the prosecution of the late war, and the
people yet warm rejoicing in their deliverance, are
overwhelmed wiih a debt of two hundred millions,
Which does notnett two per cent.; a loss of six mil-
lions annually at least to the people of this country,
payable to foreign capitalists. The effects pio-
dnced by this rapid and unexampled creation of a
public debt upon our monetary system and sub-
stantial interests of the country, are too manifert to
be any longer concealed In the prosecution of my
argument, it is far from my intention to do any
injustice to the States; nor do I doubt, in the least,
their capability of meeting their engagements
promptly and honestly. But my object is to ex-
amine their condition with reference to its effects
upon our monetary system, and the consequen-
ces that have followed from their immense loans.
It appears from unquestioned statements, that
the debts contracted by the different States, for
basking, canals, railroad, and miscellaneous ob-
jects, amount to not less than two hundred mil-
lions of dollars, for which certificates of stocks and
bands have issued. These loans are principally
taken by the Bank of the United States, and occa-
sionally by a few of the State banks; and as soon
as the negotiation had been closed, the amount is
credited on their books to the States, and immedi-
ately thereupon certificates of loan are issued in
their favor. These certificates soon wend their
way to Europe, through the Bank of the United
States, to be sold, to uphold iheir increased busi-
ness, produced by speculating in these loans when
they were without legitimate means. So soon as
fíese stock  received a shock, confidence in their
solidity was questioned by the capitalists of Eu-
rope—-sales ceased, unless from twenty to twenty-
five per cent, below their par value, which deprives
these banks of their anticipated resources. Disap-
pointed in their means, they contract and oppress
their debtors, notwithstanding they are not effectu-
ally relieved. Their situation continues imminent
—bankruptcy is on their heels—suspension their
dernier resort—the whole monetary system thereby
deranged, and the people oppressed. This is one of
the fatal results occasioned by the States negotiating
their loans with the banks. Another is, that they
have given a stimulus to excessive importations de-
monstrated by the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on exports and imports, to which I call
your attention.
From the year 1820 to 1330, (e'even years,) the
excess of imports over exports was $37,662,959.
From the year 1831 to 1838, (ei?ht years,) the ex-
cess of imports over exports was $194,319,920.
The farmer period exhibits in the aggregate a le-
gitimate business; the latter an overturning of the
lair operations of trade. The difference of the im-
ports, in these two periods, is in favor of the latter
$156,656,961. No less surprising is the fact that
during the same time, when, upon the fair princi-
ples of trade, our exports of gold and silver should
have exceeded, from 1831 to 1838, those from 1820
to 1830, the very reverse is the truth.
Prom 1821 to 1831, excess of exports of gold and
silver, $3,497,000. From 1832 to 1838, excess of
imports of gold and silver, $55,054,158.
To what conclusions, from this extraordinary
statement of facts, must we arrive? We are irre-
sistibly compelled to attribute, in a great degree, the
deranged and unsound state of our monetary sys-
tem, the oppression of our commercial and manu-
facturing interests, and the immense increase of
importations for the last eight years over our ex-
ports, to excessive banking at home, in connection
with the vast State loans contracted in Europe.
In conclusion, did time permit, I should feel my-
self justified in noticing the attacks made by
honorable gentlemen upon Ex-President Jackson,
whose whole life has been devoted to his country's
service, but shall content myself by merely observ-
ing that his name and actions have become part of
• his country's history; and when the aged patriot
shall have ended his earthly career, and the green
sod of the valley covers his bones, then even party
asperity will admit his virtues, and posterity will
venerate his great name. And the present Execu-
tive, "following in the footsteps of his illustrious
predecessor," will, for his prudent, wise, and ener-
getic administration of the Government, receive the
unwavering support of his Democratic fellow-citi-
zens, who have nailed their banner at the mast-
head, and spread it to the breeze, on which is in-
scribed, in large and bright letters—AN INDE-
PENDENT TREASURY—A SEPARATION OP
THE GOVERNMENT FROM BANKS.
SPEECH OF MR. HOPKINS,
OF VIRGINIA.   .          /
In the House of Representatives, April 06, 1840—In
Committee of the Wholf, on the bijC making ap-
propriations for the civ¿3 and andfliplomatic ex-
penses of Government for thejfear 1840.
Mr. HOPKINS addre*ed thejcommitlee as fol-
lows:                              \  _f
Ma. Chairman: I had noTntention nor desire to
engage in the discussion which this bill has pro-
duced; because it is a bill perfectly intelligible in its
character and purpose, founded on Executive esti-
mates, which have been subjected to the test of
rigid calculation and economy; and without an
appropriation to cover which, the credit, charac-
ter, and functions of our Government must imme-
diately and severely suffer.
On the merits of a financial measure so indis-
pensable to the national welfare, I could anticipate
no serious opposition from any quarter whatever;
and still less a latitude of debate which embraces
all the popular topics, whether pertinent or foreign,
weighty or light, ludicrous or grave, which for a
series of years have agitated the political parties
of this country, and settled the pretensions of rival
candidates for lead and authority in the national
councils.
But reality has dispelled the illusions of hope,
and baffled the anticipations of a sanguine mind.
And I have been daily compelled to witness the il-
liberal distrust, jealousy, and fear, which have
marked the debates of the Opposition on the im-
portant subject which is now before as. Instead
of that temperate and enlightened policy which
should pervade the National Legislature, and
which should make each Representative of the peo-
ple sensible of the good which always emanates
from liberal sentiments and disinterested co-opera-
tion in our efforts to promote the public weal, each
Opposition member seems to debate and to legislate
on the principle that it is his duty to cripple and
disconcert the order of public business—to stop,
to unhinge, and to dislocate the whole machinery
of the Government, and to hang it up, like "a rusty
mail, in monumental mockery."
Union, sir, was the watchword to which our fa-
thers unalterably adhered, and which enabled them
to bequeath to us the precious inheritence we now
enjoy; but which inheritencer I fear, we are fated to
contaminate and impair, if not ultimately to de-
stroy, by departing from the enlightened and pt-
triotic policy on which they acted. Now-a-days
that wise and liberal assurance of mutual conl -
dence and support is forgotten in a fierce collision
of jarring and conflicting passions, which can have
no better tendency than to weaken and to under-
mine the wholesome institutions of our common
country.
I am persuaded, sir, that if gentlemen will ex-
tend the sphere of their political horizon, and look
down the vista of futurity, they must perceive the
deplorable consequences to which this illiberal and
short-sighted policy infallibly tends. They must
see that this miserable and inglorious scuffle for
power and place is calculated to debase the heart
and understanding, to sour and eradicate all those
generous and patriotic feelings wh;ch a benevolent
nature implanted within us, and to depreciate the
cause of free government all round the civilized
globe.
Every government which the ingenuity of man
has hitherto devised, has been necessarily attended
with expense, and whoever expects to see any go-
vernment successfully administered without the re-
quisite pecuniary means, indulges an expectation
that is vain and visionary, irrational and absurd.
We must take the choicest dispensations of Provi-
dence with the alloy inseparable from them, and
submit with resignation to the unavoidable condi-
tions, while we enjoy the advantages of his omni-
potent goodness.
To censure and depreciate our public characters
with an indiscriminate and hasty zeal, and to
charge every grievance, whether real or imaginary,
national or private, to the folly and depravity of
the Government, is the most ungenerous and un-
profitable offiGe which a Representative of the peo-
ple can perform. It requites nei her good breed-
ing, intelligence, gratitude, nor patrioti.m, to per-
form it; and I feel it to be a duty which I owe" to
the whole country, and to my constituents espe-
cially, to remain no longer a silent listener to de-
nunciations se illiberal, groundless, and futile, as
those which have been so profusely lavished on the
Administration by the Federal spaakers; speakers
who seem delighted with every opportunity to bla-
zon and exaggerate the distresses of their country,
and to discourse about every thing, rather than the
necessary business which is now before us.
Before I proceed, however, to a consideration of
the most important topics which the bill presents, I
invoke the indulgence of this committee, while I
make some passing commentaries on a document
which has just been published, and circulated for
political effect; a document which has been forced
into the debate here, and which was designed to
give to the people, while going to the polls to de-
cide a great political contest, an exaggerated, unex-
plained, and odious representation of the expendi-
tures of the Government from 1824 to 1837, inclu-
sive, and of our Democratic policy and measures
in relation to the national defence. I allude, sir, to
the document signed by R. Oakland, John Be(X,
John M. Botts, Thos. Corwin, M. H. Grinkkll,
J. C. Clark, Leverett Saltonstall, Truman
Smith, and Clarles Natlor, who style themselves
"The Executive Committee." Here, sir, is an ex-
tract from it:
BxSendituresfortheyearl834,      •         -         015,330,144 71
-                   1825,       •          -           11,490,459 04
1826,       -          -           13,062,316 27
1827,       -          -           12,653,095 65
1828,       •          -           13,i96,041 45
1829,       •         -           12,660,469 «2
1830,       •         -           13,229,633 S3
1831,       •          •           13,864,067 90
1832,       -          -           16,516,388 77
1833,       -         -           22,713.755 11
1834        •         -            13,425,417 £5
1835        .          -           17,514,950 ¿8
1836        .          -           30,868,164 04
lg7;       .           .           39,161,745c7
is calculated to create a belief
that it was prepared by a committee regularly
raised by public authority, to investigate the ex-
penses of the Government, and the military condi-
tion of the country. It is proper, therefore, that
the public should know that neither House of Con-
gress, nor any Department of the Government, ever
raised or authorized that committee; bat that,«a
Do.
Do.
Do.
Do.
Do.
Do.
Do.
Do.
Do.
Do.
Do.
Do.
Do.
This document
