•44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
26th Cono— 1st Skss
appropriation Bill—Mr. Hopkins.
11. ul Reps.
fee contrary, the members oí it wers raised and
organ i if J by the Fedeial patty in Congress, and
«ever had any mere le^al authority to exercise th*
pro mce ot a committee than ¡he humblest private
alliens of the nal.on have. And, as it' they wi-ely
distrusted therr own intrinsic weight with the na-
tion, they have artíul y endeavoied to derive a
fraudulent as>.stanee trom the assumption of a
character they never desi'ived, and to which they
•ever had «ven a colorable title. But the mem-
mers ot" this self-styled Executive Committee repre-
sent a party notorious lor the assumption of im-
posing names—a party which has always enter-
tained the delusive notion that party n iues could
prevail over public principles, in the control and
direction of the Government. Hence, whenever
their public actions have rendered a particular
•ame odious to the people, their names, but not
their actions, have been suddenly changed.
The name of Federalist wa^ one under which
the high-handed tyranny ot the elder Adams perpe-
Uated io many niivchievous deed , tliat it was
abandoned for the more hopeful name of Federal
Republican. But the spirit of encroachment on
the constitutional charter of our hbeities continued
the same, and induced that balded and perplexed
party to assume the name of National Republi-
cans, and to maintain it natil the ^ort and disas-
trous Presidency of the younger Adams lorced
upon that party the necessity of another name.
Accordingly, under the advisement of that noto-
rious personage, James Wabon Webb, the chosen
champions of a hopeless cause assumed the name
of Whigs. Yet, under all this chameleonism of
party names, the hue and character of their politi-
cal principle* have remained the same; and, as if
infatuation was disposed continually to aiil.ct this
disconsolate, deluded parly, these ancient Federal-
ists and modern Whigs now avow no public prin-
ciples whatever, except the principle of raising
themselves into power and place.
Boldly presuming on the ignorance and credulity
of their fellow-.-nen, they ostentatiously parade be-
fore the public view such coarse and vulgar pa-
geantry a  only gratifies the senses of .a savtge race.
They impudently rate all reason and argument
«•ore the comprehension of the vulgar crowd; and
treating the experience of half & century as a liar
and a cheat, they rely on fictions as a commendable
substitute for the realities, of truth. As a fancied
equivalent for common sense, they resort to defa-
mation and abuse. And to suit each shifting and
occasional calculation of selfish policy, they parcel
themselves out, under the auspices of every name,
claptrap and humbug, that promises to serve a
temporary end.
No wonder, therefore, that sundry individuals of
this party should assume the name of "Executive
Committee," and pnt forth, to every poition of the
country, their political addresses. Of one of these
addresses, the following is a copy:
"Washwgtow, January 24,1810.
"Sib: The undersigned, an Executive Committee, appointed
oy the Opposition members of Coneress, have taken the liberty
of appointing you an Executive ami Corresponding Committee
for your county, and we bave the honor of enclosing a prospec-
taa for the Mauisunnn. We recommend that paper to the con-
fidence and support of the opponent  of the Administration
throughout the country. The committee attach much im-
portance to a general circulation of the Mailisonian, and other
political pamphlet , calculated to enlighten the public mind.
Tfceaohaerlber  which you may procare (and we doubt not,
ic i—Mart ; the cheapneea aad ability of the paner, they will be
mtny) will be enutled.gralia, to all such pamplrleu.
"We haTe confidence thai it will afford you pleasure to aid na
n our efTorta to rescue the Administration of tnc iiovernmt-nt
from the hands of the present imbecile and corrupt incu mbents.
With the aid of an honest and fearless press, these efforts, we
trust, will be successful. We are awase that the acceptance of
«Ms appointment may subject you to some sacrifice' your pa-
triotism is a sufficient guarantee that it will be borne with cheer-
fulness. The connUeraiion that we are in the service of an in
tared and crushed people, should animate us in the use of every
honorable exertion to effect the common object in view—the
restoration of the Government to thedays of her patriot Presi-
dents.                          Your ODeihent servants,
R. Oakland, La.
John Hill, Tennessee.
J. M. Botts, Va.
Th^s. Corwin, Ohio.
M H. Orütnsli., N. Y.
LBVRRETT t  ALTOH STALL, Mil 
Truman Smith, Conn.
Chas Naylor, Pa.
J. C. Clark, N. Y.
Committee."
As ibis committee was appointed by the whole
Federal party in Congress, and has acted, during
the session, with the knowledge and approbation
of that party, heie and e'sewhere, it is fair to con-
clude that the commii'ee truly represents the parly
by wtuc'i it was created.
But, I think, Mi. Cna>rman, you will presently
agree with me that there is no member ot that s-eli-
styled "Executive Commute?," who can be very
deeply inteie.-ied in giving lo a Democratic Admi-
niNiiatu'ii a lair and impartial trial; especially on
the subject oi tho^e Southern rights which Mr. Van
Burén i  solemnly pledged to  uppoit, and winch
various rncaibeisot tin* committee have resolved
to oppose, and have altcady opposed, to the full ex-
tent of their abilit.es.
0nihe4hof March, 1339, "The Connecticut
Anti-SlAvety Society propounded to Mr. Tmiuau
Smith tiii- lo.lowing question, vi.i:
"1st. Are H'U in i.ivor oi the i'iimcd ale aboli-
tion of •dayety n  'ho D strict of Columoia1
"2d. Arc you opposed lo ihe admisión into this
Uaion i f any new S Ale w.iose coiismuiion toletato
slavery?"
And on the 17th of March, 1?39, Mr. Smith an-
swered in ihe affirmative, and boldly avowed that
he e were ' questions of indisoluble nght, where
here could be no concession nor comprom >;."
In an address to the c'eeiors of Chenango county,
published on ihe 3d of November, l¡-'38, Mr. John '
C. Clark, while a candidate for Confess, declared
that the right of petition belonged equally lo all
"without r-feieice to condition or color;" and ex-
pressed the fervent hope that the penoj was not
remote when "the appeals of ihe fiee, the humane,
and the oppressed, for the abolition of slavery,
would nol bj made in vain."
Mr. Thomas Corwin, thrpresentcandidale  f the
Federal party for the office of Governor in Ohio,
recouled his vote with his assoe.aies Measrs. Sm th,
Clark, Gaie% and S'adc, against a resolution of-
fered in ihe House of Representatives by Mr. Wm.
Cost Johnson, declaring that "no petition, memo-
rial, or resolution, or other paper, praying the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia, or any t
Stale or Teir'.tory, or the slave trade between the
States or Territories of the United States in which
it now exists, shall be received by the. House, or
entertained in any manner whatever."
Eut do not fear, Mr. Chairman, that I have re-
solved to distress you wiih a separate biographical
notice of the illustrious nine who compose Ihe se'f-
styled executive committee. They are friendly
companions, one and all, associitei in a common
cause; and have, like iheir ancestors before them,
linked their fonunes in one concerted Federal tie.
But there is one member who deserves a special
remembrance; for hs was notorious, in very memo-
rab'e days, for an open resistance to men and
measures on which our proudest recollections de-
light to dwell. The memory cf the Hartfort Con-
vention cannot die. It is embalmed in memory
and recorded in his'ory as a negative example to
after times. One of the grievances which the New
England Federal parly ol thai day complained of,
«as, that the Southern Sia'es had an undue shaie
of power in the constitutional npp.o.tionment of
representatives to Congress; and the Hartford Con-
vention labored to divest the South cf a portion of
it? political power, and to prevent the admission
in'o ihe Union of every •lavcholding State.
When this nation was engaged in the thickest of
a perilous and douttful war wiih England; a war
for national honor and indspenJencc; a war on the
issues of which Ihe liberties of Ihe only Republic in
the world depended, the hon< rabie Leverett Sal-
tonítall prom nenfly figured on the public stage.
If a faithful memory fails me not, he was then a
member of the Massachusetts Legislature, in
which he brought forward and supported the me-
morable measures of the Hartford Convention;
measures calculated to defeat the public will, to
discourage the national defence, to encourage the
public enemy to ravage our coast, to burn our
towns, to desolate our lruitful field ; and, in a spi-
rit of savage barbarity, to violate youth, beauty,
and innocence; and to spare no sacred altars, and
no household gods.
"At the extra session of the Massachuseits Le-
gislature, in October, 1814, Governor SiroBg's
message was referred to a select committee, com-
posed of the following member*: Messrs. Otis,-
Bemis, and Wood, of the Senate, and Messrs.
Sullivan, Saltouiiall, Lincoln, and Whitman, of
the Home of Representatives; which committee,
on the 8th of October, r-ported in favor ol calling
the Hailford Convention." The leput recom-
mends a choice of iit-legale* to that contention, m
which other Slates were earnestly invited to
unit; and the committee declaicd that the Con-
stitution of the Un ted States, undt r theadmnistra-
tion of the persons then in power, had failed
to secure to the Commonwealih of Massachu-
setis and ihe Eastern sections of ihe Union,
those equal rights and bent las which were the
great objects ot its lormation; and which they
could not relinquish without ruin to themselves
and their posterity. Tnnt iho e grievances justi-
fied and requiind Vigorous, peiseveung, and
peaceable eflorts to unite iho.o who ic il zi the suf-
lenngs and lbre-.ee the dangers ol th'1 cou ilry, in
some system of nv«vure¡> to obtain relief, for which
the ordinary ino 'e ol procuiing anuiidmeiiis to the
Constitution all oí da no íensonable expectation, in
season to prevent ihe completion of its ruin. That
the people, however, possessed ihe means of
certain redress; and that as their salety, which was
the supreme law, was in question, those means
should be promptly applied.
Yes, Mr. Saltün talx and his coadjutors pre-
vailed on their disa'lec;ed brethren, in the New
England States to organize the Hartford Conven-
tion, the members of which were collected fum
Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and
Vermont; and which Convention d.d, on ihe 4ih of
January, 1814, prepare and promulgate to the
world, a long report and many resolutions, all tend-
ing to depieciate and revile the measures of their
own Government, and to force this nation to
ground her arms, and to sunender our honor and
independence to English tyranny and domination.
Iu one of these Harttord Convention resolutions
the ominous threat was bold y proclaimed, "that if
the application of those States to the Government
of the United States, as recommended in a preceding
resolution, should be un ucceWul, aud peace
should not be concluded, and the defence of those
States should continue to be neglected, it would be
expedient for the Legi;lalures of the several States
to appoint delegates to another conveniion, to meet
at Boston, on the third Thursday of June, 1814,
wiih such powers and instructions as the exigency
of a crisis so momentous should tequire."
That this unhallowed woik might speedily pro-
gress, and the Hartford Conven t>on be freely en-
couraged in a factious opposition to the national
will, and to frown wiih indignation on the national
success and a further prosecution of the war, the
Massachusetts Senate, thea wholly controlled by
the Federalists, resolved, on the 15ih Juna, 1813,
that "un a war like the present, waged without jus-
tifiable cause, and prosecuted in a manner which
indicates that conquest and ambition are its real
motive, it is not becoming a moral and religious
people to express any approbation of military or
naval exploits which are not immediately connect-
ed wan our seacoast and soil."
However disguised, sir, the obvions tendency of
those proceedings in the Massachusetts Legislature
and the Hartford convention was to prepare the
way for a separation of the Unton, and the forma-
tion of a different structare of government. And,
indeed, in the various debates which recommended
those proceedings, it was boldly contended that (he
Constitution of this country could no longer be re-
spected; and that a revolution in the Government
should carry no terrors to a patriotic heart.
That the Hartford convention spirits of the last
war are part and parcel of the Whig or Federal
party of the present day, is obvious from the fact
that every surviving member of that convention is
acting with the Whigs; and that each deceased
member died in that political faith, under some
one of the various names which the Federal paity
has capriciously assumed.
In support of this assertion, you will allow me
to avouch the testimony of the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Parmkntkr] who
resides in the vicinity of Boston, where the Hart-
ford Convention drams, was gotten up, and where
