<4 
£6th Cono-"'1«t Skss,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Hopkins.
H of Reps.
ftrence the public expenditures 10 a determinate
and precise sum.
This doctrine of the Opposition is arbitrary and
cruel, and exposes the President to ceriaiu una
undivided censure, no matter what his conduct
Buy be. For if he approves a bill for any extra-
ordinary or temporary expenditure of money, he
a forthwith charged with extravagance and prodi-
gality. If he rejects it, he is charged with settled
hostility to the improvement of his country; and
the ready and concocted clamor goes forth that the
public prosperity is paral; zed by ruthless shocks
from the veto power or the President.
This, sir, is the same sort of ungrateful treat-
ment which President Jackson received from the
pretended friends of a strict and frugal Government.
Whan General Jackson was placrd at the head
of the Government, the Jeffersoman expounders of
the Constitution were feeble and few; and not more
than forty-five trusty Democrats could be mus-
tered in the House on a call of the roll.
Federal construction had become so strongly
armed with gravers' tools and mining implements,
that paper money was created without stint; and
white sturdy mountains stooped their ponderous
heads, artificial rivers and magnificent roads
•very where proclaimed the extravagant log-roll-
ing spirit of the age. The representative integrity
of the nation had capitulated to the potent and
seductive assaults of corruption. Members of
Congress, and the conductors of the press, had
•oiled their pockets with the fatal lure of a great
moneyed power, acting in open defiance of the
Government.
And the last hope of a written Constitution, and
the perpetuity of free government, resided in the
Executive breast, in the stout and honest heart of
General Jackson. He defended the sacred charge.
And his veto of the Maysville road bill and the
United States Bank must ever rank in history
among the proudest of his civil achievements. He
who had faced with dauntless breast tba foreign
tyrants of his country, nerved his heroic soul to a
successful combat with those stealthy corruptora
and interna! enemies of the Republic
The earnest solicitude which President Jack-
son constantly evinced to limit the public expendi-
tures to the economical wants of a frugal Govern-
ment, is matter of history; and is illustrated in his
public messages to Congress, in his opposition to a
tariff for protection, to the system of internal im-
provements, to a continuance of the United States
Bank, and to all ihose doubtful and constructive
powers, the erercise of which created perpetual
discord in the nation, and an appalling drain on
the public Treasury; and I may add, sir, that his
economical spirit was strongly manifested in the
payment of more than fifty millions of the national
debt.
Still the public expenditures greatly exceeded bis
expectation and desire. But that was bis misfor-
tune rather than his fault. He could not possibly
prevent it; for he never had, at any time, from
the commencement to the close of his eventful ad-
ministration, a majority in both Houses ot Con-
gress, and he was sometimes found, I believe sir,
in a minority in both.
Bat ao motive but the public good could touch
his impenetrable heart He persevered, and at-
tained his ends; and by the purity of his purposes,
the wisdom of his councils, the vigor of his resolves,
and the cloudless glory of his character, brought
back the body politic to a healthful constitutional
aeion.
That Mr. Van Boren has also endeavored, by
«Tjry constitutor aland rightful method, to check
the spirit of extravagance which has prevailed in
tie expenditure of the public funds, there is abun-
dant evidence to prove. In his able and explicit
letter of October, 1832, to the North Carolina com-
mittee at Shocco Springs, he expressed the opinion
fiat tee general interests of the whole country
would be greatly promoted by withholding appro-
priations for internal improvements, until some
CO istitutional regulation uprn the subject could be
provided, it is true, sir, he once voted for a bill
to authorize tolls on the Cumberland road, a public
work projected many years before. But I am not
await that the constitutional powers which that
road involves, were discussed until President Mon-
roe vetoed one of the Cumberland road bills; at.d
in the debate on Feote's res^'ution, to authorize the
Vice President to call to ordir for words spoken in
the Senate, Mr. Van Buren alluded to his vote on
the Cumberland read bill, and declared that it was
the only vote he had ever given in the Senate,
which could be tortured into a departure from the
principles he truly entertained—that he deeply re-
gretted the vote—that if the question were presented
again, he should vote against it; and that he ap-
plauded the course of President Monroe, when be
stamped his negative upon that bill. His annual
message to the present Congress, proves the f ince-
rity of his views upon this important subject, and
has subjected him to the violent censure of the lali-
tudinous Whig party, who claim and exercise un-
limited authority to appropriate the national reve-
nue to objects of internal improvement, and then
charge the evil consequences on the Democratic
party.
On the 14th of February last, the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Bernard] a talented and
distinguished Whig, asserted on this floor that "the
great interest of internal improvement by the Ge-
neral Government, was placed in jeopardy by the
attitude which President Van Buren had assumed
towards it.   "Here, in  my place, and on my re-
sponsibility, as a member of this House, I charge
(said he) that the President of  the United Slates
has now assumed an attitude of distinct and avow-
ed hostility to the policy of making further appro-
priations for internal improvements; and I shall re-
fer to proof of the fact.   I make this charge, not
certainly in the way of reproach, since the Presi-
dent has acted in the matter, in the discharge of his
constitutional duty, as the official adviser of this
House; and, as I am bound to suppose, according
to his conviction of right and duty; but 1 speak of
the matter of fact, as I shall now show it to be: a
matter beyond doubt or contioversy."    The gen-
tleman [Mr. Barnard] having exhibited the evi-
dence in support of his charge against the Presi-
dent, said that nobody could doubt, who looked
into the evidence, that it was the  settled policy of
the President, in which he was sustained by his Se-
cretaries, that no appropriation whatever ought to
be made, the present year at least, for works of in-
ternal improvement.   That the President insisted,
in the strongest terms, on the duty of  Congress  to
keep the appropriations within the estimates pre-
sented; and insisted that nothing should be appro-
priated for works of internal improvement.    That
both the Legis'amre and the Executive should be
held to the strictest accountability if any thing of
the sort should be permitted; and ict<°mated that he
(the President) might interpose his veto authority
to prevent it?
It is passing hard, therefore, that the Federalists
should, in the teeth of their own voluntary evi-
dence, charge the President with a disposition to
dissipate the public funds, and to encourage extra-
vagance in the most dangerous and hateful forms.
If, during the present administration of the Go-
vernment, an ¡aerease in the aggregateexpenditures
of the nation has taken place, the items referred to
in the table I have produced, will fairly exhibit the
purpose and character of it; and prove that the in-
crease has arisen in the army and navy—in the In-
dian service—in the Indian wars—in the removal
of the Indians,and in the purchase of their lam's—
in tie protection of our Northern and Western
frontiers—in our public arms and munitions of
war—in the defence ot our maritime coast—in pen-
sions—in the remuneration of our gallant officers
and soldiers—in the charges of national legislation
—in durable fire p'oof edifices for the public ónices
and archives—and in the various expenditures
for the District of Columbia, over which Congress
exercises a guardian care.
It is not my purpose here to vindicate either the
separate or aggregate expenditures made under the
present and past Administrations; but to prove that
snch expenditures cannot be honestly condemned
by the Opposition party, for the obvious reason
that those expenditures, at the very time they were
authorized, received more countenance and sup-
port from the Opposition, than they «ver did from
the Administration party,
*
The votes on which the yeas and nays were
taken in Congress, during the present and past Ad-
ministrations, will pla.ii. ly show, that a large majo-
rity of the Opposition niembi is did freely and cor-
dially support the bilis for extraordinary appropria-
tions. These votes are recorded in the Journals of
Congress, promulgated and confirmed in the
speeches and proceedings of the day; and furnish
abundant, undeniable, and conclusive proof, as I
shall now attempt to show.
The "Act supplementary totheactfor the relief of
certain surviving officers and soldiers ef the Revo-
lution," approved 7ih June, 1632, passed the House
of Representatives by a vote of yeas 128, nays 45;
of the affirmative, 60 were of the Opposition. Of
the negative, 20 were of the Opposition.
In the Senate, this bill was passed by a vote of
yeas 24, nays 19. In the affirmative, 15 ot the
Opposition, in the negative but 2.
The aggregate expenditure under this bill has
been $11,922,232.
A bill authorizing a subscription to the stock
of the Alexandria Canal Company, approved 25th
June, 1832, was ordered to a third leading in the
House of Representatives, by a vote of yeas 90, nays
78. Of the affirmatve, 68 were of the Opposiiion,
of Ihe negative, only 11.
In the Senate, the vote upon this bill was yeas
38, nays 5. Of the affirmative, 22 were of the Op-
position, of the negative, none. Sum appropiiated
by this bill was $100,000.
A bill to raise a regiment of mounted rangers,
approved June 15, 1832, passed the Senate by a
vote of yeas 30, nays 11. 18 of the Opposiiion for
the bill, and 3 against it.
The yeas and nays were not taken on this bill in
the House of Represenlaives, but I infer from the
favorable consideration given to it in the Senate by
members in the Opposiiion, 'hit it received the sup-
port of their friend3 in the House.
This regiment of rangers was subsequently con-
verted inio one of dragoons, and has produced an
annual expenditure of $300,000, making in eight
years $2,400,000.
A bill vesting in the corpora'ion of the city of
Washington the rights of ihe Washington Canal
Company, approved May 31st, 1832, was passed in
the House of Representatives by a vote of yeas 99,
nays 91. Of the affirmative, 70 were of the Oppo-
sition; of the negative, only 13.
The expenditure under this bill was $150,000.
A bill to improve the navigation of the Potomac
river between Georgetown and Alexandria, ap-
proved March 2d, 1833, was passed in the House
of Representative* by a vote of yeas 105, nays 69.
Of the affirmative, 66 were of the Opposition; of
the negative, only 11.
The expenditure under this bill was $150,000.
A joint resolution for the continuation of Gales
and Seaton^ compilation of State Papers, approved
2d March, 1833, passed the Senate by a vote of
yeas 22, nays 9. Of the affirmative, 18 were of
the Opposition; of the negative, 1.
The expenditure under this act was $145,606.
A bill for the benefit of tin city of Washington,
(¡merest on Holland debt,) approved June 28ih,
1834, passtd 'he House of Representatives by a
vote of yeas 98, nays 78. Of the affirmative, 53
were of Opposition; of the negative, only II.
In the Senate this bill was passed by a vote of
yeas 21, nays 19. Of the affirmative, 18 were of
the Opposition; of the negative, 8.
The expenditure under this bill was $70,000.
A bill for the better organization of the marine
corps, approved June 30th, 1834, passed the Senate
by a vote of yeas 25, nays 12. Of the affirmative,
19 were of the Opposiiion; of the negative, 1.
This act produced an annual expenditure of
about $70,0lt0; exclusive of an increase of the
pay of officers of the corps by other act , making
in six years the aggregate sum of $420,000.
A bill to regulate the pay of the navy, approved
March 3d, 1835, was ordered to a third reading in
the Senate by a vote of yeas 29, nays 12. Of the
affirmative, 21 were of the Opposition; and of the
negative, only three.
This bill passed the House of Representatives
by a irpte of yeas 117, nays 103,  Of the affirm*-
