June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
26th CowO".«Ist Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Rhett.
H. of Reps.
of Whiguh hope and Federal expectation dries up.
While the Federal speakers, tax their inquisitive
jninds, and perpiex iheir Irmttul imaginations, to
create an exaggerated national distress, and to as-
sign political causes for it, they have remembered
to forget the explicit testimony of their tavonte wit-
ness—the late President of the United States Bank.
But Mr. Nicholas Biddle shall now coma lorth;
and the Federal orators who labor to depreciate the
value of their own Govt rnmcht, shall have the be-
nefit of his wisdom and experience.
Id apubh-hede>say which that gentleman wrote,
he portrayed the causes which have produced aa
enormous foreign debt, a reduction of our exports,
and a suspension of specie payments by the banks
ethe United States. And even he who waged a
'd and arrogant war against the Government,
and who has been ever ready to condemn it with a
severe and unscrupu'ous pen, does not pretend that
(be coarse of the Administration has tended, in the
least, to create disorders in the currenoy, fluctua-
tions in the market, or any of the general embarrass-
ment and dull eas which the dis ontented gentle-
men so misht lv delight to paint.
'ESSW ON THE Cl'RRCNCY, BY MR. N. BIDDLE.
"The currency ot thel'nued Sutes consists of coin, and of
banknotes piomisui!  to pay com Asloni is thebankscan al-
ways pay the coin they promise, they are useful, because, in a
country where the moneyed capual w dispropoitioned to the
means of employing capital, thesttheli'tition of credits for com
enables the nation to mike its exchanges with le«i com, and of
course saves the expense o) that com But this advantasejhas
by its side a grtat danger. Banks are often directed by needy
persons who borrow too much, or by sanguine persons anxious
only to increase their profits without much pecuniary interest
or personal responsibility in the administration. The con-
stant tendency of banks, therefore, is to lend too much, and
to pm too many notes in circulation Now, the addition
of many notes, even while they are as good as coin, by being
always exchangeable for coin, may be injurious, because the
increase of the mixed mass of mmey generally occa-ions an«e
In the price of all commodit es The consequence is, that the
h gh price of foreign production tempt* foreigners to send us a
Urge amount of their commodities, while the high price of do-
m stie productions prevents the foreigners from taking in ex
change a large amaunt of our commodities When, therefore,
you buy from foreigners more than they buy from you, as they
cannot take the paper part of vour currency they must take the
coin part. If th.s is done to a consideiable extent, tne danger is
that the banks will be obliged to nay so much of their coin for
their notes as to leave them not a suiT.cieat quantity to answer
thd demand for it, in which case the banks ful and the c immu
nity is defrauded. To prevent this, a prudent bank, the ma-
ment it perceives an unusual demard for us notes, and has rea
santo fear a dram on its \aults, should lmmerhitely diminish
the amount of its notes, and call in a part of us debts So, on
the large scale, when the banks of a country perceive such a
demand for coin for exportation as diminishes too much the
stock of coin necessary for their hanking purposes, they should
stop the exportation This they can always do, if their affairs
have been well managed; and here lies the test ot bank manage-
ment.
• loe law of a mixed currency of coin and paper is, that
when, irom superabundance of the mixed mass, too much of
the com part leaves the country, the remainder must be pre-
served by diminishing the paper part, so as to make the mixed
nassmoie valuable in proportion Jtisthiscapacity ofdirniniüh
in; the paper which protects it. Its va'ueconsists in us elasticity
—Its power of alternate expansion and contraction to suit the
state of thecommimity; and, when it loses Us flexibility, it no
longer contains within iteelt the means ofits own deience, and
is full of hazard. In'ruth the merit of a bank is nearly in pro
ponton to the degtee of thu flexibility of its means. Ifabank
bods its money on mortgages, on stocks, for long terms, and 10
persons careless of protests, it 'ncurs this great risk; that on the
one nand. its notes are payable on demand, while on the other,
its aeots cannot be called in without delay—a delay fatal to its
Cridit and character. This is the general error of banks, who
dj not always discriminate between two things, especially dis-
tinct, in banking, a debt ultimately secure, and a debt crtainly
payable. But a well managed bank has Us funds mainly in
short loans to persons in business—the result of business trans-
actions—payable on a day named, which the parties are ab'e to
pay, and will pay at any sacrifice; m erder to escape mercantile
¿«honor. Such a bank has its funds, therefore constantly re-
paid into it, and is able to say whether it will lend them out
again.
"A bank so managed, if it finds too much demand for its
coin to go abroad, begins by not lending more than it receives
every day; and then goes further, by not lending as much as
its income, declining to renew the notes of its debtors, and oblig-
ing them to pay a part or the whole, making it a rule to keep us
discounts within its income. The operation proceeds thus' by
issuing no new notes, but requiring something fi om your debt-
ors, you oblige them to return to you the bant notes yon lent to
them, or their equivalents. This makes the bank no^es scarcer
—this makes them more valuable—this makes the goods )or
whieh they are generally exchanged le s valuable; the debtor,
in his anxiety to get vour notes, being willins to sell his goods at
asaenfice. This biings down the pnces of gsods, and makes
every thing cheaper. Then the remedy Itgms; the foreigner,
finding that his goods must besoldso low, sends no more; the
American importer, finding that he cannot make money by im-
porting them, imports no more. The remainder of the com, of
course, is net sentoutafter new importations, but stays at home,
where it finds better employment in purchasing these cheap ar-
ticles; when the forenner hears of th.s state of thinss, he sends
back the coin he took away. He took it away merely because
your own demesne productions were so high that he could not
make any profit in his country by taking them.But when the news
reaches him that his productions are very cheap in our country,
M wüj^lyw  tfc t <w producueH m cheap joo, 0 he
gem's back the coin by diminishing our paper, and it will stay
until Jr'ven away by another tupi r.ibund nice ol paper. Such
h th* cuete which a mixed ouirency is always describing
Like the power ol steam, it is eminently useful in prudent hands,
but of tremendous liaztrd when not controlkd, and the practi-
cal wi-d un in man.igit g it lies in «oems the proper moment to
expand and contract it, taking rare, in working with such ex-
plosive material, whenever there is doubt, to mcltne to the side
ol safi 'y.
'Tht-a «imple elements explain the present situation of the
country Its disouler 11 oveitradine, brought on by overbank-
ing.   The 1 emedy is to bank less, and to trade less
'It to the ou'er ol nature, thpt limen or 11a ions live extrava
eant'v, thev must fhbt Mirier till tlw repan bs^ei bv pro Irnce,
and that neither men nor hanks should impose on the con mu
nu\ by promises to pay what they cannot pay "
Here, then, sir, is the greatest banking character
of the age, voluntarily abdtcating the moneyed
throne, fully reveahug the secrets of bank freema-
sonry, and proclaiming, like an honest man, that
the disordered condition of this country was pro-
duced by orerbankmg and overtrading, and that
the remedy is to bank less and to trade less.
That the great inflated credit system which has
prevailed among us, has failed to realize our pro-
mised blessirgs that it ha« pampered wealth and
defrauded labor; that it has only benefited a crafty
few at the expense ot the multitude; is obvious to
evety enlightened man who has watched the pro-
gress and operation of incorporated wealth. And
it is appalling to reflect, that notwithstanding the
banks have ulteny failed, to perform for the Go-
vernment and the people their most important mo-
neyed engagements, they have claimed an exemp-
tion from everv forfeiiure, and have turned po'iti-
cians, and dannjrly contended for supremacy in the
political contests of the day; while, in op?n viola-
tion of iheir deliberate pledges, tbey Lave wickrdly
endeavored to regulate prices in a way to subserve
their arrogant schemes of pohfcal ambition.
In the progress of contention for political
power, they not only make loans to, and
coerce payments? from, particular persons, accord-
ing to their political tenéis, but they resort to poli-
tical curtails, and turn their torturing, distressful,
corporate screws upon whole communities of our
fellow men, control ihe circulation ©f money, and
reduce the prices of labor, property, and produce,
111 a control over ihe poor man's bread coniroh at
once his patriotism and his vete, and even the liber-
ty of thought an 1 speet h.
Sir, let this league of banks, this fearful incorpo-
rated dynasty of modern times, be strengthened lo
the measure of its own desires, and be tempted by
its characteristic avAnce to act in concert, as it
tn.ely will, with a Federal President and a Na-
tional Bank of ample means, and from ¡hat very
moment the Government may always act in full
and firm defiance of the public will. Some wild
bull then, with furious ra?e, with liberty of limb
and unfettered horn, will toss your laws and liberty
in ihe air.
Even now, while T address yon, sir, in the na-
tional hall, near a thousand of these patent institu-
tions, with the r hundred millions in circulated
no'es, with two hundred thousand stockholders,
presidents, directors, and clerks, and millions of
dependent debtors, control the towns, and strive to
defeat the re-election of President Van Buren and
his political supporters.                       •
And why, sir, have the bankrupts in polities and
the bankrupts in trade confederated against Mr.
Van Buren and his political friend ? Obvious.y
because that enlightened statesman and his political
triends have determined to reclaim, if they can,
this great country from the perilous disorders which
have been produced by overbankmg and overtrad-
ing throughout the land.
Sir, shall avarice pervade and subjugate the
land? Shall all worth, wisdom, and morality pe-
rish in the general struggle to accumulate wealth?
Shall irredeemable bank paper circulate forever,
make a merchandise of justice, and openly defy
ihe laws and institutions of the country? Shall
public liberty prevail no more, and our own free
Government crumble into du*-t, for want of that or-
dinary pecuniary assistance it derives from us?
We owe it to the wisdom of our ancestors that
these are questions which it is rather for the people
than for politicians to decide.
For nysalf, sir, whatever may be the changing
scenes and fashions of the age, whoever may lead
the Ration*} «uncus and prevail here, while I con-
urine a member of this llou e, civil Libert? shall
have an advocate to uphold her cau.se in full and
iree defiance.
SPEECH OF MR. RHETT, /
Oi' SOtiTir CAROLINA.
In the House oj IltpresintaUves, June, "S2, 184(>—On
the independent Tieasmy bill.
Mr. Chairman: The great difficulty in address-
ing the committee 011 a subject so va4 as^hat be-
fore them, is, to limit our observaHpns/to those
pans of it, which are ot the greatest importance,
but which, at the same time, have/not been
touchtd or exhausted. Feeling the difficulty of
the task, and the importance of time at this
stage ot the session, I had given up all expecta-
tion of addressing ihe committee; and should
not now addre«s them, were it not for some
of the exiraordtnary positions assumed yes-
terday ni th* debate. On this great question, it
will not b- enough that we believe that we are
right. In a p pjiar Government, like ours, where
the intelligence and feeling  ci the peop'e nliimately
shape and determine ihe \ obey if ih" Government,
we muit show that we are light, and thit the mea-
sure  we support are consistent with iruth and jus-
tice, and promotive of the best interests and happi-
ness of the people.
Gentlemen who have debated this question be-
fore the committee, have very properly carried it
up ta the first principles of our Government. On
the one hand, it has been contended that this bill is
strictly a Republ can or Democratic measure. On
the other hand, this has been denied; and the bill
has been represented as despotic m its character,
and totally opposed to the pnnc p'e, of our free in-
stitutions. The gentleman irom Maine, [Mr.
Evans] aware 0f ihe difficulty of this latter posi-
tion, has contended ihatD-mocraey consists merely
in numbers, and lhat that policy is Democratic
which the majority, for ihe time being, think pro-
per to adopt. Hence he argues that a United
States Bank is a Democratic institution, because a
majority of the people passed it into a law. The
State bank deposite scheme was a Df m cratic mea-
sure, because a majority adopted it; and so, ac-
cording to this position, very convenient for those
who entertain his opinions, every Federal and un-
constitutional project, which has obtained the sanc-
tion of a majoniy on this floor, h,is been a good
Democra'ic measuie.
Mr. Chairman, it cannot bo by measures
only, which may be as changeable as the
temporary pas>ions and interests oí men, that
we are to settle great principles of Govern-
ment. Measures do not determine principles,
but principles deiermine the cbarae'er of mea-
suies. If the broad principles of liberty, which lie
at the foundation cf our insiituiions, coald have
been trodden out by ihe stern foot of tyranny or
the pract ces of custom, where now would have
been our position amongst ihe nations of the
earth? And if usage can make rigo't and we
have learned nothing more, alter a half centarjr
of free government, than this, that Democracy
consists in the mere will of a majoiity, it were
better that our great experiment lor «tending
liberty and fr< e government to man, should cease
enti.ely.   What is Democracy?
A Democracy is simply the rule of the people—
not of a part, but of the whole people; and a Re-
public is the «ame in signification—meaning, as its
derivation imports, a government of all. The
means and contrivances by which the people «nay
rule themselves, may be var ons; but any means
and contrivances, which do not secare to all ihe
inestimable privileges of self government, and pro-
tect all from aggression on their peculiar rights and
interests, are inconsistent with the grea* principles
of Republicanism or Democracy. Ktence, in an-
cient limes, the check  and balances iB the cobsii-
tutions of all Repubhes, and new, in our own Go-
vernment, the limitations and arrangements of the
Constitution^ the United States. The principle
of representation makes the great difference be-
tween pur Democratic form* of Government, and
those #f aniiqui'y; but the object of both has
been the «awe; to enable the people-~the whole.
