June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
£6th ConO""1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Rhett.
H. of Reps.
your system of laying and ccllecting your taxes by
indirect taxation.
I know, sir, how easy it is to raise a false cla-
mor on the subject of direct taxes. Gentlemen
who are seized with the horrors at the project of
requiring a tax directly fiom the people by a tax
collector, are perfectly willing that the same tax
should be taken from them by a custom-house offi-
cer. It is not ihe tax, then, but the manner of get-
ting it, which awakens their sympathies. If it is
taken indirectly—by stealth and concealment from
the people, their demosiacy is vastly gratified; but
to take or receive it directly—openly from the
people, excites their patriotic sensibilities to an
alarming excess. If there was any expedient, by
which Government could be carried on without
taxes, it is not improbable that all nations would
adopt it. But according to the progress in modern
finance, taxation is a necessary evil. Government
is necessary, and taxes are the ordinary pi ice we
pay for it-, and if this be so, the only question left
for consideration is, which is the cheapest, most ef-
ficient, and Republican method of laying and col-
lecting the taxes.
Indirect taxation—that is, laying the taxes on
foreign articles when imported into the country,
is an admirable expedient for a despotism. The
people, who consume the commodity, ultimately
pay the tax, without being aware of its imposition;
for the merchant who imports it, and the trader to
whom he sells it, add the tax to the price of the arti-
cle. The uneenseioutness of the people of the tax
thus taken from them, is the basis of the calculation,
that four times more taxes may be raised from them
by indirect taxation,without difficulty or murmuring,
than by direct taxation. Hence the facility wuh
which such taxes are laid, and the tendency to ac-
cumulate them. In all despotisms, the taxes col-
lected from the people are expended—not with any
view to their interests, but to minister to the luxnry
and profligacy of rulers, or to afford the means of
keeping them in subjection. It is not surprising,
therefore, that, as the taxes are thus applied, there
should be as much concealment as possible in col-
lecting them. As the people do not rule, and the
Government is not for them, but ever them, ihe
more ignorant they are of its operations, the better
for their rnlers. The more furtively the taxes are
collected from them.the more patient they will be of
its burdens. That the system of indirect taxation,
therefore, should be a favorite revenue expedient of
all despotic Governments, is in perfect accordance
with the principles on which they are based. But
that such a system should be advoca'ed in a popu-
lar Government—a Government based on the in-
telligence and patriotism of the people, in which a
knowledge of all its affairs, and responsibility to them
in all its trans-actions, is not only their high prero-
gative, but absolutely necessary for its correct ad-
ministration, and the preservation of liberty iteelf,
is one of those violent inconsistencies which only
occur when the head and heart are in direct oppo-
sition. Do gentlemen believe that the people can
and ought to rule themselves? Then why conceal-
ment and artifice towards them in that matter,
which of all others in all civilized communities,
is most vital to liberty? It is in laying
and collecting taxes, and the expenditure of taxes,
that the great eon tests for free government have
been fought; and again and again mast the same
contests arise, if the people are to continue free, or
be made free. To defend their rights, they must
krnw them. To judge of the taxes they pay, they
must see and nnden-tand that they pay them; and
to supervise the expenditure of them with the keen
jealousy their liberties require, they should be con-
scious of the exact burdens (hay impose. Unless
these positions be a string of fallacies, the plainest,
simplest, and most inteilig ble method of collecting
taxes from the people, is that which is most faithful
to their interests—most trustful to them—most De-
mocratic. No man, in private life, wonld consent
that his agent should have the power of drawing
his money from him, without his knowing it. Why
then should such a practice be tolerated in our
transactions with the people? Are they imbeciles
or slaves—too weak to understand, or too conupt to
toy the cost of their free Governments?
#eajl v  U ti* <U0«J MOW «OOfiefOtSf fa COflSti-
tution and Government of the United States, have
originated from the abuse of the taxing power and
expenditure.   A large portion of ihe country, from
the manner in which the taxes have been imposed,
by indirect taxation, have  looked upon  taxation,
not as a burden, but  a  blessing—not as  exaction
from ihem, but an ins'rumentby which they should
be enriched at the expenss of the country.    Hence
a steady thirst for expenditure, and for high taxes,
that they may be ex,K nded or thrown away.   Ine-
quality of burdens, from the operation of the Go-
vernment, has been the consequence of this state of
things, and that discontent which should always at-
tend oppression amongst a free people.   Thus, in
addition    to   concealment    in    the    collection
of    the     taxes,    by    indirect     taxat:on,     we
have   had    inequality   in   its    exactions    and
expenditures.   It is scarcely possible to conceive
of a more disastrous conjunction of bad principles
in taxation.   Profligacy and waste, discontent and
strife, arc its inevitable   results; and with these
must come increased powers to the Government, to
meet and overcome its increased difficulties.   New
powers must be assumed, as the objects of expen-
diture are multiplied; and its arm must be strength-
ened to suppress   the   murmurs  and discontents
which its injustice m*y excite.   Tne road to con-
solidation in this Government is through the money
power.
It has been represented that the expenses of col-
lecting direct, are far grea'er than those of indirect
taxation. If it were so, the difference in the ex-
penses of collection, would be nothing when com-
pared to the loss Ihe people must sustain, from the
inevitable tendency to profligacy of expenditure
inherent in the system of indirect taxation. But
it is not trua, that the expenses would be materially
different between the two systems. In England,
where the greater part of the taxes are direct, the
difference is but one per cent. The Government
cf the United Slates have imposed direct taxes for
only four years, in 1798, and during the last war;
and in 1816 ihe expenses of collecting four millions
of dollars did not exceed four per cent, while the
expenses of collecting the indirect taxes of this
Government in 1837, the last fiscal year in which
the expenses are reported to u?, was more than
ten per cent. But there is a striking expedient
for economy, in collecting direct taxes by our sys-
tem of Government, which the gentleman from
Mame (Mr. Evans] has alluded to. When direct
taxes were laid during the last war, the option was
gtven to the States, to pay up for their citzens the
quota of contribution which fell to their share;
and, sir, six States, amongst them South Carolina,
paid up at once the whole amount of direct taxes
required of their citizens, thus saving to the General
Government the whole ii>k and trouble of collec-
tion, and to the States the presence of the tax offi-
cer. If this was the case in time of war and great
pecuniary difficulty, it is not unreasonable to sup-
pose, that in a time of peace, arrangements could
be easily made with the Siates, by which the whole
revenue of the General Government, by direct tax-
ation, could be raised through theirinstrumentahty.
And even if this did not take place, it would be con-
venient, as suggested in the Convention which
framed the Constitution, for the Geueral Govern-
ment to employ in collecting their taxes, the same
o'heers employed by the State Governments, in col-
lecting theirs;—and thus, in either event, not a man
need be added to the officers of this Government
for the collection of their revenue. What will
those gentlemen, who are so loud in their declama-
tion against Executive patronage, say to this?
What will State Rghts men, like the gentleman
from Maine, who objected to the bill before the
committee, as anti-Rep ibl can, because it separated
this Government from the States, say to such a
system of collecting the taxes? The committee will
see at a glance, what force there is in the apprehen-
sion, that a ho-t of tax gath rers will be necessarily
employed in collecting; the taxes by direct taxation.
Even if the States, or the officets of the States, were
not employed to collect the revenue of the General
Government, would it require one more man to cor-
lect the revenue by direct than by indirect taxation?
Look at the thousands employed in the custom-
houses iu  U PW   ««port   tqwna~ftn4  /oar
revenue cutters, not scattered as they would
be, by direct taxation—one tax collector in
a district, identified in feeling and interest with the
people among whom he lives, and spending among
them the whole exuense of collecting the revenue,
but aggregated and banded togeiher by hundreds
in our seaport towns, separated from those who
ultimately pay the taxes—the consumers—and
causing the whole expense of collecting the reve-
nue, amounting to millions annually, to be dis-
bursed where the taxes are collected. But the peo-
ple would see the tax collector by direct, and they
do not see him by indirect taxation! This, sir,
constitutes simply and truly the whole argument in
favor of indirect taxation; and to my mind, it is
nothing more oi le&s than a flat and flagrant insult
to the people.
Mr. Chairman, direct taxation is not only the
doctrine of Democracy, but it is the doctrine of the
Constitution. It is plain that direct taxes were
contemplated to be raised as a permanent source
of revenue by those who framed it. After the
power was incorporated into the Constitution, an
amendment was moved in the convention by Mr.
Gerry, "That from the first meeting ot the Legis-
lature of the United States, until a census shall be
taken, all meneys for supplying the public Trea-
sury by direct taxation, shall be raised fiom the
several States according to the number of their
representatives repeetively in the first branch."
The amendment failed, because the representation
fixed in the Constitution, until a censas could be
taken, was necessarily conjectural; and therefore
the taxes might be unequal, and not tn conformity
to its principles; but the shortest peuod was fixed
for taking the census—three years. It is not rea-
sonable to suppose that the wise and pa-
triotic men who formed th s Constitution, con-
templated, as the general and only method
of taxation by this Government, a system to-
tally useless in a time of war, when money
is mostiequired. They had known what war was;
and, from bitter experience, had felt that money
was its sinews. They therefore gave to the Ge-
neral Government the power of direct taxation,
which could avail the people in a time of war, as
well as peac3. By indirect taxation—raising your
revenue from dut;e* on importations, your revenue
must cease v/i h importations. War with any
powerful civilized nation in Europe stops your com-
merce, and with it all your resources. D.rect
taxts then become inevitable, as our last war
proved^ but a time of national distress is not a
time fior unusual expedients of taxation. Henee
discontents may arise, at the very time when of a'l
others, unanimity is most necessary in the councils
of the country. The true policy of every Govern-
ment, designed to pres-rve the liberties of the peo-
ple, is to have such a system of taxation in opera-
tion as will surport the Government at all times—
in war as well as; peace. Our indirect taxation has
the admirable qaalny of tending to excess when
least needed, and when mo*t required, of being
utterly úseles*. Shall a system so absurd, and so
anti-Republican in i's tendencies and principles,
continue over the freest people on earth?
But let us turn, Mr. Chairman, to another pow-
erful cause, which, in connection wnh our system
of indirect taxation, tends to divert this Govern-
ment from its proper course. I mean the banks.
By expanding the currency they raise prices, and
thus render it difficult or impossible for our manu-
facturers to compete with foreign nations in oar
own maikets. Hence, a resort to the General Go-
vernment, through its indirect taxation, by increas-
ing the taxes on commodities imported, to exclude
them from our markets, and secure a monopoly to
the manufacturers.
Now, it has not been denied in the argument,
that over-issues by the banks, inflation of the cur-
rency, is a tendency inherent in the whole banking
system. A bank makes money by putting out its
notes, bearing no interest, for the notes of indivi-
duals bianng interest; and the more notes of the
former character it can sustain out, and of the lat-
ter receive, the more money it will make. The
temptation to ©ver-issues, in all times of confidence
and prosperity, is irresistible; and the currency be-,
copts infilled,   Rices fpUow currency, ipretwh
