June, 1840 _____________
26th Cono.......1st Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
Independint Tnasury—Mr. Hastings.
H. of Rep«.
States Bank—got frightened, thinking the Bank
was going to break, (and it was upon the verge of
it,) and sold oat for $98 or $95,1 do not remember
which. Gentlemen may rot assu:ed that the or-
phans, and widows, and aged gentlemen, who were '
the sufferers at that day by the malversations of
the great regulator, did not invoke blessings upon
the authors of their distress^.
It was the gentleman from Massachusetts, I
think, who said that, from 1789 to 1836, the whole
amount lost by d posite banks is not equal to what
has been lost by one public officer—meaning Swart-
wout, I présame.    Well, be that as it may, let us
see what the United Sates did n>t receive, but
should nave received, for ihe investment of seven
millions in that  institution.    For the two years,
that, it will be perceived from the table, the Bank
made no dividend, the United States should have
received 7 per cent.; a divideud ihe  Bank   ulti-
mately arrived at, and should always have made,
if its affairs had been   fainy   conducted.   These
two years would, oa seven millions, have  been
$980,000,  and   the   interest   on   that   for   the
following fifteen years would have been $88-2,300;
making,    together,    an    item    of    $1,862,300,
which the Government should have received, but
did not.   And upon counting up, it will be per-
ceived further, that the dividends from July, 1821,
when the bank re-commenced a dividend, until it
arrived at the semi-annnal one of 3 i per cent. July,
1823, amounted to $12,511,000; the Government's
proportion of which was $3,523,000; whereas a  7
per cent, dividend would have   been $3,430,000;
making another item of $908,000, which the United
States should have received, but did not: and the
interest upon   this last, for the followirg   seven
years, would have been $381,360; another item
which the United States shou'd have received, bat
did not. (The whole amount being $3,151,660; and
if the interest were calculated  upon ea. h reduced
dividend separately, it would be considerably more.
It is true, the bank, on winding up with the Govern-
ment, agreed to pay  113,1 believe, which would
be 13 per cent, on the seven millions; making
$920,000, to be deducted from the $3,151,660; still
leaving $2,231,660, which "the United States should
have received, but did not.    For  every one con-
versant with bankmg knows that the banks should
have always made a dividend of not less than 7
per cent, if it had confined its operations to com-
mon banking rules.   Government did not precure
the war-loan upon such terms.   Stock was issued
to the amount of 50,000,000  at  6 per cent, for
which only 43,000,000 were received; being a pre-
mium of 14 per cent, for the loan, and paying
about 7 per cent, for what was rece i veil.
It is a pity, Mr. Chairman, that the $7,000,000
of the people's money, which were invested in con-
temptible bank schemes for twenty years, had
not been better employed. If there was power to
use it as bank capital, (which there was not,) there
was power to use it for a laudable purpose,
that would benefit the nation. Lending it, for in-
stance, in sums of $1,000, to 7,000 industrious men,
for twenty years, at 6 per cent, to enable them to
purchase farms from the public lands, and raise
their families in comfort and independence. That
would have been doing something; for, if each fa-
mily raised only a surplus of $50 a year for sale,
this $7,000,000 of the public money would have
added $7,000,000 more to the national wealth; in-
stead of taking part in the wretched, petty detai's
of banking, as it has been conducted, unworthy
the consideration of a free people.
The gentleman from Kentucky says: "We of
die West look to such a measure fa National
Bank] with deep interest;" and stated, if I remem-
ber right, among other things, that the United
States Bank regulated the exchanges, and gave us
a currency that passed all over .the country. Well,
be that as it may, it is a well-known fact, that,
during its day, the «changes of the West were
really never more deranged, or the circulating va-
lue of the local bank paper more fluctuating. It
did regulate the exchanges and give us a currency,
with a vengeance, by getting us heavily in debt to
England, and making us "hewers of wood and
drawers of water," and caterers to her power, and
interests, and schemes of aggrandizement.   But I
must differ with the gentleman in his opinion that
the West looks with deep  interest to a   National
Bank; my constituents do not want one; they would
look upon it as a great evil; they have had experi-
ence sufficient in that way; and as to regulating ihe
exchanges, that is one of the evils we have te com-
plain of.   The United Sta'es Bank, by interfering
with the natural course or regulation of exchange,
both domestic and foreign, for her own interest,
assisted mainly in getting us   in debt to  Britain.
It was one of the delusions that had   that effect.
But 1 will explain as briefly as possible; for, if I
were to go into all the arcana and ramifications of
exchange, I might  consume   a   whole day, and
more too.   A farmer in the Wfst (my own Ohio,
for instance,) havina some money to transmit to an
eastern city, (1 like to bring in a farmer, for he is
commonly in earnest,) goes to the stortkeeper wi'h
whom he deals to inqune how he shall send it safe-
ly.    It is soon done; the storekeeper deposites the
farmer'* money (notes of local banks, perhaps) in a
United States branch bank, and gets the fanmr a
draft on the mother bank, as the great regulator was
called at that day, for one per cent, or, perhaps, a
half of one per cent, tomelimes.   The far ner goes
home well pleased, praises the United States Bank
and branch banks to the skies, and tel's his neigh-
bors what a blessing they are to ihe country; that
they make money as plenty as slate-ston«s, and
will transmit it for you to Philadelphia, free of risk,
for almost nothing—a mere song.   This, sir, is one
of the phases of artificial exchange, brought about
by the United States Bank during her dynasty. Let
it be observed, that, at the moment of this transac-
adion,  however, the storekeeper?,  or merchants,
were heavily in debt io the Eastern merchants, and
some, perhaps, to the branch bank and to their own
local banks; and the farmer heavily in debt to the
storekeepers for British fabrics, chiefly, and may
be to a local bank something, too, either as princi-
pal or security—a state oi affairs that the  United
States Bank, herself, had brought about by her de-
lusive   rate of exchange and inordinate issues of
paper to pay for vast importations of goods; fors-he
and her offsprings, the branch bank*, made bank
notes at pleasure, and played into each other's
hands; and the farmer and his productive acres,
and his industry, were good security.   Now, sir, I
will endeavor to exhibit onr of the phases of ex-
change under the same circumstances of indebted-
ness, but, in the absence of the designing influences
of the National Bank and branches; left free to take
its own natural, just course, and producá its natural
salutary influence on our economy: The farmer
goes to the storekeeper, as before, but the scene is
changed—"I can do nothing for you; the West is
heavily in debt to the East; we are htrd pushed,
and you have got a great deal of goods from us,
and we must raise money; the West has no funds
in the Easi; I could not get you a draft under four
per cent, perhaps."   Tne farmer naturally inquires
why it was so eaiily accomplished before; the re-
ply, merely: "Ah! that game's up—could not play
it forever," and so on    The farmer ponders on the
matter, goes home and retrenches; he and his fami-
ly work hard and get out oí debt, and keep out of
it, by using less of foreign manufacture; the West-
ern storekeeper pays his debt to the Eastern  mer-
chant, and the balance of trace no longer against
Ohio (perhaps in her favor) and exchange in fair
proportion.   Such would be the happy results to
be arrived at when the honest indications of the
faithful barometer of exchange were left free from
the insidious operations of artifice.    But the know-
ledge to be derived from the rate of exchange, as-
certaining the balance of trade, has been withheld
from us by the artificial influences of excessive
banking and its expansions and contractions.  Over
ana over again, in consequence of the balance of
trade being against us, connected with other cir-
cumstances, has Britain, and her bank, and her
merchants, pressed our   Eastern merchants and
banks, and tiiey have pressed the Western mer-
chants and banks, and they, in their turn, have
pressed the farmers and workers; and still, these
producer?, by their indomitable energy of character
and persevering industry, have, over and over again,
retrieved the disastrous affairs of the Republic; for
it is labor, through the toil and sweat of the work.
eri, that must pay every thing ultimately. And as
ihe workers have to bear the brunt, they are
inquiring into the nature of the delusions and
misrepresentations that have kept them so long in
obeyance to the insatiable demands of the paper
iucubus; and when the farmer puts his hand to the
plough himself, he toon finds where ihe fault lies.
Exchange, if left to its own free course, points the
balance ot trade. For instance: when there is no
balance, exchange would be about the expense of
transmission of the money; but if the balance of
trade were against Ohio in the East, exchange
w.>uld be above par; and if it were in her favor, it
would be proportionably below par; and the people
would feel the fluctuaifons, accordingly, and the
operation would be salutary! The Unittd Slates
Bank and har branches, however, prevented this
wholesome action by drawing and redrawing upon
each other, without any rtferenci to the slate of
trade—being oue ot the schemes of the regulator to
maintain and perpetuate her poaer and influence,
and winch ihe credit of being t.-e Government bank
enabled her to carrv on with impunity.
The same gentleman, likewise, in the course of
his remarks a few day  age, asked "What iv cur-
rency, and what is the use of currency?" and then
proceeded to define it, to his own satisfaction, no
doubt, but not to mine; our conceptions of what
cuirency is, at prese?.!, are  widely different.   In
common parlance we all know that currency means
money—that which passes current; now I put it to
the  common sense of  every gentleman in this
House, whether bank-notes can of late years come
und?r that denomination: Are they current?   They
circuíale, it is true, but are they as current as mo-
ney? that is the question.    What is the cunency,
er money, of nation?   Gold and silver, certainly;
and the reason is plain, for these metals are the re-
sult of labor itself; statisical writers agreeing that
gold and silver coin cost, in the  aggregate, its
current   value   in   labor;   whereas,   in    tracing
the credit system, you can make a million in bank
notes for one hundred dollars.    And this was the
impression  when   the   first revenue  law in the
United States, in 1789, wis passe 1, in  which this
wise, cautious provision was made:   "The duties
and fees to be collected by virtue of this act, shall
b? received in gold and silver  only."   Does net
this prove that in that day gold and silver only
were recognised as being virtually currency; the
currency of nations—current at home, and curren',
every where?   And  what is  this bill going to do,
Mr. Chairman?   What, but to return to first prin-
ciples; those that guided our wise and patriotic fore-
fathers of the Revolution in guarding us agatest
the delusions of paper money, in their first reve-
nue act, by making our public dues payable in
gold and silver, to be arrived at gradually in three
years.    Why is the redemption  of mortgages al-
ways to carefully and positively worded, "gold
aBd silver?'   Why, but because it is considered
the only true currency—that it is always property
every where.   It would seem to  me, sir, that we
have been misapplying the term "currency" in at-
taching it to bank notes; that it should belong to
gold and silver only, which is always current, at
home and abroad.   If a bank note is passing at
ten prr cent, discount, surely wa will not call that
current!   Certainly not; it circulates, but it is not
current.   And if it is circulating at its denomina-
tion to-day, we know that it may be at a discount
to-morrow, and still we cal it currency.    It does
seem to me, sir, that we have been misapplying
the word "currency," all along, in attaching it to
bank paper.   Bank notes may circulate from hand
to hand, as evidences of indebtedness; and so do
bills   of   exchange,   and   notes    of  hind,   and
bonds, and due bills, but   we  do not cal', them
currency.    We   do  not  call   bonds  currency,
although their redemption may be well secured,
and yet we call bank notes currency, although they
may not be secured at all.   This seems very incon-
sistent; unless that gold and silver, being intrinsi-
cally honest, and being what is termed "currency,' 
at all times and in all places, both at home and
abroad, and bank notes not being intrinsically ho-
nes , (their admirers will excuse me for saying so,
but truth is truth,) acquire some credit by being
ranked under the same term with the honest gold
