«5(5
APPENDDC in THE CONGH^SSfONAL GLOBE.
Jnne, lMf/„
96m Cowo--'laT Sem.
Independent Treasury—+Mr. Hastings.
H. of Rep *
sjklsdver. That, sir, most be the secret, that the
word "correncj " is so pertinaciously applied to,
aad demanded for, banknotes, whether theyde-
servait or not; there it is, sir. It appears to me,
thai the better way would be to call bank notes
"circulation," aad gold aud sdrer " currency," be 
oaase tbs former «nay, and do, circulate through
oar own «oaatry, and sot pass current; bat the
latter always pass earnest at home and abroad, and
waif where, all «ver the world. Or, it it is insist-
ed oa that bank notes are currency whether or
not* let as call them "currency partial," and the
naal thing, -goad ana silver, a curieney positive. -
Suppose we reconcile matters that way. As to th 
ejaaauoa, * What ia the* use of currency?" wa
aught set to aad trace it up through all its rammca-
uoo¿, and bearings, and manifold interests on the
; of life, wbsch would be pretty much of  
species of edification that I feci certain
gexjemen would bo* wi*h to hive inflicted en
tbeaaat present; therefore we will sunt it «rp in
plam Eagtoh, ia one designation, and its main
one: To buy and wit with* and alt will admit that
twa *'cniieaey ipowtive," siaadg pre-Bntinent for
that purpose. And this bill will have a tendency
toinep a little mee ef it circulation for everyday
ttse.t .                                                               i
TWelow wages of labor in Europe, Mr. Chair-
man, have ^een held up ta ear visioa as a conco-
mitant of the Workers being paid in gold and silver (
kavingit to be inferred that that is the cause, and
mat. the 18ih seetraa of rats bill would lead toward
a similar resalí; or, in o tiler words, thatoank notes
wertlil keep wages ef JaAor-eigner. It is all a mi*-
tafee, atr; low wages ia-Europe belong to very sif-
irraal causes, as n pects Ireland, at least, and
which I will show presently. I think that gentle 
mea. know vary tittle about ia* matter They Who"
from those «euatnes aught tell them the
They are attributable lo any thing "but*
specie currency* • Gentlemen seed not point topear
ttpaaec m d ¡Ireland iat «their pronf-j—i was going 1 
add degraded} bwt «tegraded she caaaever be, white
her warm hearted sons maintain their frank,
«pea i bearing—4heir prominent characteristic all
over the world. 1 am ta sa'ive ef'the "Green
lamef the Ocean '—blessed by Hearen and cursed
by^Bas«-andvlain proaát of it: «f mat land of
greea fields and-fl «vers, of brave hearts and Stoat
hands? < i think laleaow the disposition of my
countrymen well, it is net-fop >m* to enlogiae
then, 'It u sufficient that I know and feel the op-'
pressions ibat have been exercised upon them for
the last seven hundred yearü-^exercistd anon ihetn
through the same spirit and policy that have i it-
Dieted upon the United States the monopoly aid
ea«lsrare-privi!eae system," misnamed the «redit
systems credit system, indeed J it ¡sihe'veiiroppo-!
sit* of eredir; lor. lb  whole catrilr giro of slatfftir
eweamsaafies it has involved as in are discredita-
ble toa free people. * Has ft net made its fubser-
vieatjo Britain, 4o British potiey, to British iat#-
rests, through the tinted States Battle, thriwgn
our stocks, through our corporation?, throWgh
oar monopolies, through our very soewti'si, engen-'
dered and promoted by herself?, Ne, strait kvery,,
vary lar from the trwh ibat a meisllm currency
-«4tofeiectiaoaefingef alltrap, to tapóse «pop plain,
wettzaaeaitiág: people—mtfsees low" wages for
labor a*>«taaiietr ireiand, at least, which T will •
show beyond controversy. Bat, in doíttjg so, I
mast récur to Ireland's halcyon days—compara-
tively hateyon, I mean-, for halcyon, days that fair
island has never «ten sin<3 «he came trader the
Briton dynasty. I aHade to the few year  of com--
parattve prosperity that she experienced when Bri-
tamemerged from the war the bad been waging to
perpetuate her dominion ovevaer Amerittan cote-
ntes, aow 6ix-8*d-twenty praui, prosperous States,
ftee, sovereign, and independent ? united Wgetberby
obvióos«jbs, Jfaa* render them ttmei>vy^ ami admt-
ratioo, and something else I might «ay, but will
not, i of alt the kingdoms of the eld world, and pa*--
ticorarly of that saa e Britain out of whose ehttchetf1
Ihey had- disengaged tnemselves, through a fer*n
y«ar  js&^l  of toi*,ánd blood, and privattotvand
«adoring. And ever b -j ve d; ewer be hallowed/
me memory of. those who fought, aad bled, and1
died, thresgfr that struggle; mbo gained for us the
«appreciable liberties we now enjoy, and the
power of governing ourselves in oar own vr\y. I
have it to say, Mr. Chairman, and I say it with
pride, that there are thoie with whose blood I am
connected, ese, who, animated by the same spirit,'
aad the same enthusiastic love of liberty, and the
same sympathies for the oppressed that distin-
guished Lafayette, left his nativa country, crossed
the Atlantic, volunteered into the far famed Mary-
land line, and shared with kindred spirits the same
eventful struggle of the Revolutionary war. His
only daughter inherits the same spirit, which is
perpetuated in her sons, who will no doubt do the
needful for tneir country whenever the hour of
peril demands it. But, as I was saying, sir, that
was the prosperous day of Ireland; working people
were oaid in nothing but gold and silver. 1 never
saw a bank note at that lime. When a per-
son would go into the rooms where the cloth
merchants were paying the weavers for their
webs, he would see the tables covered with
pites of gold and silver. I spe.ik from ex-
perience, for that was the business I learned—to
buy linen and get it bleached. Workers of all
descriptions were paid in nothing but specie; no-
thing else was seen or thought of among them; and
Ireland never prospered better, nor saw better
days, before nor since, while under the English do-
minion. No, sir, it's all nonsetr  talking about
the pretence of hard money, or a dearth of bantt
netes with pretty pictures on them te amuse the vi-
sioB,ca sing«heap labor, and poverty, and pau-
perism, «meng the* masses ia poor Iremad; would
to Heaven her chitaren, of -generous impulses, ex-
perienced none of them! No, Mr. Chairman, it i#
ciiwufflstances «kin to our own well-tetevefl tno-
nopehes here, in the land of freedom, that have
caused úmt%    •  -           -'     ■
¡Gentlemen should press no such errors upon our
sense?; for history and experience, «nd the thou-
sands of exiles who-leave those countries of op-
pression, and constant rumor dinging -it in our
ears; disprove the fal'acy. We sea the truecauses,
and read of them;''and hear of them, every day;
and many ef o* have felt thorn ¿oe? «tnsitively to
te mistaken. We talk about slavery I I'aeclaWt
it ttes moment, most*olemoJy¿ «s< an eye-witness,
in the face of th* world, that 3h* IrisH a  greater:
slaves, through the oppressive eucdmstaBMS that
arerinflteJed on tbewby ihe 'Jiritish* ascendency,
than the verieststave* on the earth: for slaves are
merely slaves, but the Irish are slaves, add forced'
to swaHew,'witbal, the bitrer cop trader-the ele-
vated name of freemen. There's the thorn that is
ever rankling in the vivid imaginations of the
ehtldrett of'the "loved Jsle;  Who will gaMsay
i4 Is iroot boly ttwhl Nvt, oof-it'stüere ffl6 wlnd,
pairing tow wages  in Europe and hard money to*
sjetaer. > *I will «eff gentlemen, though it onjht t#
be unnecessary", "they eu%ht to know better, surely.
Iris «ctretne poveryrin the masses, and overgrown
nenes ia the few&^-lhe exetasives. A state of
things that is kept up by «ristocrattótilrcann.tanees,
of tbs same-charaeter and naiort-a^oa'ttmcnopo-
hesvonr- veiled rights,' that we hugao etn^ety, and
that would bring about the mme species of depot-
i^m^ if-p'*rmlwed. But mis same simple, plain
mstttr,  f se'parating the Qovfrnflient from the
banks, that-we ave «tisea<sin<r, makes an iiroad,
ami the first one, upon those loved privileges that
we -have-beea cherishing and" guarding so tena-
ciously. The people wtdefstaad it; and will do si
better ifvery day, notwilhsaading treendless va-
rietyTof obstacles that are thrown before 4b*ir eyes
Bat 1 fergot to mention that, at the time I speak of,
the Bank of Ireland, established' ift 17%3, with a
cartel of dññbWO, or aCSOO.flO / (somewaere
abató #3,508^)00,) had *et gottnro fnMbtow"—
#a,5( ,0fl , with a populatloB of six of iaeven rail*1
hoas at that day, and the United State , at the pre-
sent time, fieveral hundred millions of bank cipital,
with a population of only something more than
double'the amount! Beside, another distinction?
the Irish capital harta-hare-nifaneyi «haraSeter; and
ours is paper apon paper, m beautiful variety.
But-when I visited Ireland, some years after my
arrival here, the , seene^ '%as changed; fifty
baÉks dashinr away; ^4,000,000 or ¿5,000,000
(upward of $39,000,009) paper in circulation, de-
preciated, of course; guiñes 10 per cent., and
wages 20 per cent, at least lower than when I left
it. Tae note6 in circulation there at present, are
said to be about $40,000,000. The inquiry, sir,
will now be, have rates of wages in that country kept
pace with the increase of paper money? No
such thing; the reverse is the fact. It is known
that labor, of late, is not much more than
half the rate it wat during the more pros-
pero us period I have alluded to. Well, has
prosperity kept pace with increase of bank
paper? No, alas! no. Every ship that arrives
brings continued details of distress aad starvation,
and increasing poverty and misery. I do wish
that gentlemen would not suffer their imaginations
to be carried away by this paper fantasy—a mere
bubble. We must come to reality at last, and sub-
ject paper to use, as far as it may be susceptible of
H, instead of abuse.
No; the causes of low wages in Ireland are Bri-
tish land monopoly, sustained by laws of primo-
geniture and entailment, keeping the lands in large
estates, instead of biing in the hands of the people;
corn-laws to keep gram dear, that these same land-
lords may exact the high rents from their tenants;
bank monopolies, in variety; colony monopolies;
unien of church and state, and its concotmtaat—■
the tythe system—that wrests from the producerHbe
tenth part of the fruits of his industry—his laoorf a
national debt of one thousand millions sterling, and
consequent inordinate and endless taxation; ex-
treme disparity in task, engendered by these fla-
grant impositions on equal rights, and a variety ef
other causes incidental to these; aad a standing ar-
my of one hundred thousand men, to dragoon the
people into submission to these monstrous oppress
sums.
These, sir, are the real causes of the poverty,
and pauperism, and low wages, in Ireland—^not-
ing the memorable remark of the great and good
Aadiaw Jactesou-^'making the rich richer, and the1
poor poorer." And I do believe, that- if ,*e:ra©St
determined Federal gentleman on this1 floor would
just take an excursion across the Atlantic for bis
amusement, and pa?s through Ireland, from riorttf
to south, stopping «a  and then, and looking: about
htm* aad conversmgwith4he unsophisticated of her
people, he would: return aaancxmpremising Demo-
crat* and never attempt to harness hard money and1
low wages together again-       >                           ,
Will gentlemen explain to us the causes of lb 
low wages, and of poverty so extreme that they
coo Id barely exist,*!' the weaker sex is the city of
brotherly love, and that of the empire State, about
whose miserable condition the philanthropist?
Mathew Carey, interested himself so persevering^
the last few years of his hfel about those thousands
of females who have to work themselves almost
bund at their needle from daylight until one, awl
two, and three o'clock in the morning—who have
to.lead this wretehed life for 25 cents a day, andas
low sometimes, ,it has been stated, as 12Í cents;
supporting their families and keeping id life on Ibis
miserable pittance. Is it a specie currency (bat
causes this extreme misery? Wttl no gentleman
answer? I have not' the newspapers before me;
bat every one may remember the deep commisera-
tion that was excited by the heart-rending details
of the desperate labors and miseries mese thou-
sands of oppress !, desponding, despairing females
had to undergo in these cities during the late win>
ters.
We see that the low wages in Ireland are eaoseei
by the oppressive circumstances the people labs*
under; monopoly, monopoly is the blighting cause;
monopoly of land, and of the fat ef the land; mono-
poly of money, monopoly of tabor, monopoly of
power, monopoly of rank, monopoly «€ privilege,
monopoly of every thing but pure elastic air «ad
limpid water; and, thank God, their oppressor*
cannot.depiire the single-hearted inhabitants *f the
Emerald Isle of these etateessuf nature's luxuries;
and the same catees, under various modffieatioas,
produce the same effects in every country in Europe.
The representations of this or that carrency, ii* the
oppresrei countries of the eld world, cannot de-
ceive us about the trae causes of the low pittance
of wages^ftafcthe workers must put up-with. - It
isiaboitost. They who come frouwhose countries
