June, 1840.             __
- -------' *              .....   —'—
26th Cono««  1st. Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6*7
Independent Treasury—Mr. Hastings.
H. of Reps.
understand them too well, to theii sorrow; they have
felt the , and *een them, and tasted them through
tb« bitter cup of oppression. These tables of low
wages nerd not be exhibited to the honest Germsn,
or the hardy Swiss, or the volatile Frenchman, or
the plodding, persevering Englishman, or the pru-
dent Scot, or the open-hearted Irishman, who have
sought an asylum in the 1-nd of liberty and equal
rights. I repeat it, they canaot be figured out of
their senses, or led astray by these tables of low
wages; they understand the real causes too well for
that; for it is thty who have felt thtm. I say, once
more, it is labor lost.
Gentlemen need not be uneasy about low wages;
in our own country we working fo'ks have some
notion of taking the bit in our teeth, and regulating
at the polls the banking monopolies, and such
other exclusive privilege monopolies and fallacies
as tend toward arriving at the monopolist deside-
ratum of the standard of European wages.
This bugbear of low wages is thrown away upon
men who live by the sweat of their brow. They
uderstand the matter. As long as the land th?y
labor on is in the hands of the people, and not held
in large overgrown estates by a privileged few, as
in Europe, there is no danger of these low wages,
the offspring of aristocratic circumstances. While
the high-spirited American freeman cau take the
choice of working for another, or for himself; of
tilling his own acres or another man's acres, just
ai he pleases; of wearing his shoes, or going bare-
footed (by the way I am indebted for this idea
toa hard-fisted constituent and neighbor of mine
who wanted to try a farmer for a Congtessman,
and who will remember it if he should read
this,) there is no danger of the low wages, which
those who have become all of a sudden so sensi-
tively alive to the interests of the working man,
would wish as to believe they are afraid of. We
have been diving into these mysteries, and are be-
beginning to understand them. There is no dan-
ger of these dire prognostics of low wages being
realized, when the unsophisticated producer, who
is content to live by the labor of bis hand*, can
boy his 80 «r 160 acres of the people's domain, in
which he has an inheritance, and sit down in peace
and independence under "his own vine and his
own fig tree."
Much has been said in the speeches of gentle-
men during these debates, as connected with this
bill, about industrial interests, and about considera-
tion and sympathy for the poor man, for the la-
borer—the working man; and some even conde-
scend to call them the bone, and muscle, and sinew,
of the country, which is all very fine, certainly;
hut, as the working people do not wish to draw In-
vidious distinctions between themselves and the non-
producers, and are beginning to take into conside-
ration their own value and importance, they would
as soon not be bespattered quite so extravagantly
with these very gracious professions and flattering
acknowledgments. I speak understanding^, for I
have come from among them; therefore, I would
respectfully suggest just to let them alone—let
them manage their a Hairs in their own way. The
laborers, and manufacturers, and mechanics, and
farmers, are the industrials-^the workers, the pro-
ducers; they want no particular sympathy nor con-
sideration; they want, simply, justice and equal
rights with their fellow-citizens.
As to poor men, we have no poor osen—
in the West at least; for those who may be
poor in worldly goods, are rich withal in
independent feeling, in industry, in the proud
spirit and consciousness of being American
freemen. I repeat, they do not consider themselves
the objects of peculiar consideration or sympathy;
they are above it. These industrials, these pro-
ducers! whether they live in log cabins, or frame, or
brick, or stone hous-s, know that they are the bees
of the hire; that through their labor comes the raw
material and the fabric—the manufactured article.
They know that the doc or, and the divine, and the"
lawyer, and the merchant, and the banker, and the
shaver, and the speculator, and the dandy, and the
would-be exclusive;; of every description—that all
the non-producers live by them. In a word, they
know that tbey are the solid basis on which the
lupeiwructare rests; that they are tbe health and
4*
strength of the Republic; that they are, emphatical-
ly, the people. Therefore, they ask not this con-
sideration, this overweening love, that has showed
itself all at once; they will not have it. But, Mr.
Chairman, I will tell gentlemen what they de want;
and I think I know their desires, for lam one of
themselves; I am a farmer, and have the honor to
represent essentially an agricultural population,
with a due proportion of mechanics, and some ma-
nufacturéis, as well as plenty of the good old-fa-
shioned household manufacturers, among the farm-
ers. They speak their will through me. They
want this bill to be passed into a law, that the avails
of the public lands—the lands • which belong to the
whole people—and tbe revenue from foreign mer-
chandise,which is ultimately paid by the consumers,
may not assist banks in their speculations and par
tial expansions and contractions, and oppressive
mismanagement; a bill that will keep a
little more of the precious metals, which is the
unsophisticated currency of nations, the product of
labor itself, in circulation: that the working man
may command into his hard hand the hard
dollar and the hard eagle, that he has earned by
hard work. They want the duties on imports to
be paid in cash down at once, without waiting for
the expiration of the compromise tariff; and, if it
were in order, I would offer an amendment to
this bill to that effect. For they think that the im-
porters and British agents have enjoyed the advan-
tage of duty credits, over our manufacturers and
mechanics, and our farmers, who have to pay the
cash down for their land, quite long enough. And
they want the duties more equalized, and re-
instated upon silks and such other articles as
may be required to ensure a sufficient revenue to
defray the public expenses, and render any other
resort unnecessary.
And, Mr. Chairman, I will tell gentlemen fur-
ther, what these working constituents of mine do
not want, that there may be no mistake hereafter,
and from its being involved in the success of
this bill. They do not want a National Bank and
its aristocratic tendencies, with its branch banks,
and its patronage, and hosts of presidents, and
cashiers, and clerks; and army of borrowers; and
brokers, and shavers, and speculators, and exclu-
sives, and other leeches that will fatten upon the
labors of the producers; and its derangement  of
our economy, through its expansions and contrac-
tions and scheming to control the Government and
perpetuate its power; and its connection and sym-
pathies and entanglements with foreign interests
and policy, to retard and paralyze free govern-
ment. They understand perfee'ly well the nature
and tendencies of such an institution, for they have
been operated en to their heart's content in that
way. I believe, s'r, this is, as far as I have de-
scribed, what the working people do, and do not
want; and if we, their representatives, do not do
their will in these respects, they may take it into
their heads, and tell us a little more of their
minds, and enforce it through the quiet, but
irresistible operation of that talisman of simple
mechanism, invented by our patriotic forefathers—
Heaven bless them for it!—the ballot box; an ope-
ration that may prostrate the aspirations and dissi-
pate the inspiring day dreams of some of us honora-
bles, without our consent, just by way of whisper-
ing in our ears what we are, and who made us,
and not to forget ourselves.
No, sir, this sudden, overweening love for the
working men—the lower classes, some still foolishly
term them—displayed through pretensions of log
cabins and hard cider, and the blandishments and
coquetry of perfumed gloves, and ribands, and me-
dal", and gilded banners, and other tawdry ari-to-
cratic timel and deception, cannot delude the free
and right thinking tiller of the land. Ploughs and
harrows, and log chains, and the ether rural ap-
pliances of industry, could not mix with such gew-
gaw trash; the union would be too unnatural. A log'
cabin is garnished with no such trumpery; its em-
belli>hmens consist of petticoats, and gowns, and
coats, and troupers, hanging on its walls, and fea-
ther beds, and piles of linen as white as show, and
warm blankets, manufactured by its Industrious in-
mates from their own flax and the fleeces of their
own sheep.   No, no; you must give the working
man reality and common sense—and why? Be-
cause he knows what it is to get a living. He has
not the privilege of making bank notes at pleasure.
He will not have a President who will not "show
his hand," to speak in lawyer parlance; who de-
mands the confidence of the people, without telling
them openly and frankly what he means; who will
noi tell them what important measure he will or
will not iupport, but refers them to past professions
with two face?; and permit^ himself to be kept un-
the surveillance of a committee, wh  speak and
think for him what they please.
My constituents want no such man for their Pre-
sident. They want the man who has told them his
mind frankly and plainly upon all the great inte-
rests of the country; who«e talents, and patriotism,
and purity of purpose, have been tried, and not
found wanting; and who sees and converses with-
out demur with any body, Democrat or Whig, and
speaks his mind manly and openly without dis-
guise.    He is the man they want for President.
As a friend, sir, to our own manufactures, I am
particularly pleased with the 19th section of this
bill, because it provides for the collection of our
revenues in gold and silver only; a measure that
will incidentally be more iavorable to the manufac-
turer by lessening, measurably, the undue facilites
that have hitherto been afforded the importers of
foreign merchandise, in paying the duties in bank
notes that could be made at pleasure. Excepting
cash duties, which will go into effect at the expira-
tion of the compromise tariff, I do not know any
act that would benefit our manufacturers more than
this one of exacting the import duties in specie. In
truth, receiving the duties in bank notes is giving a
species of additional credit on the duties, and so
far unjust to our own fabrics and products. When
I look at it in all its bearings, severing the public
moneys from bank control is not merely an act of
prudence and propriety, but an act of justice to the
working community which was called for impera-
tively, to keep a sufficiency of coin in circulation
fer their use, that they may be no longer subjected
to the fluctuating value of bank paper. And to
Southern gentlemen I would respectfully suggest
that, as this bill will conserve the interests of our
manufactures, they have an additional interest in
its passage; for the day is approaching when they
may not be able to sell a bale of cotton to England.
She is at this monent putting forth all her energies
in cherishing and promoting the cotton culture in
her East India possessions. The world has felt her
indomitable perseverance of purpose, where she
thinks her interest is concerned: and how seldom,
has she been unsuccessful in enforcing her view*,
whether of aggrandizement, or power, or ambition,
or been fastidious about the means or policy she
would u«e in pushing every obstacle out of her
way! Do her colored regiments in Canada and
the East and West demonstrate this, or not? This
cotton project has of late been the theme of debate
in her Parliament, and of consultation in her cabi-
net. I will exhibit one indication among the many
I have seen lately on the subject. It is from the
Liberator of the 6th "of March last: "A Bombay
paper of October 10th says, 'we understand that
the court of directors have engaged twelve Ameri-
cans to proceed to this country, for tBe purpose of
improving the cultivation and clearing of cotton,
and that they may be shortly expected to arrive in
Bombay.'"
The moment the British Government determined
(although in shameless, glaring contrast to the
grinding oppression inflicted on h*r Irish subjects)
on the act of emancipation In her West India colo-
nies, to stand in contradistinction to the institution
in our Southern States, that same moment did she
determine on the cotton culture in her East India
possrssions' through the labor of her hundred mil-
lions of slaves in that quarter of the world; for
slaves tbey are virtually, to all intents and pur-
poses. The conception of both projects was simul-
taneous, connected with, and grew out of each other.
The motive of this double stroke of policy is so ob-
vious, that comment or elucidation seems unneces-
sary. I only asfc Southern gentlemen, and the
whole people of this Union, who appreciateits value,
and love their country, to bear it in mind for their
future guidance, and as a precious commentary
