060
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
26tu CoNG*" l*r Sbss.
been much more creditable to themselves, and in-
finitely more just to all concerned, had they
imitated the notable example of Tarn O'Shanter's
wire, anJ nursed their wrath until the present time.
Bat I am aware that this Opposition never conde-
scends to act upon any but high and prudential
considerations; f, therefore, take it for granted that
some such consideration must have influenced their
coarse in relation to this war. I presume, sir,
they found their patriot wrath too hot for nursing,
and that they have been simply hoisting their safe-
ty-valves in advance, as the only means to pre-
vent explosion. Certain it is, sir, that we have 1
had many and most portentous sounds from their |
escape-pipes in this hall. I congratúlale :
them that their long agony is now over, and that
they may work eff their surplus steam at their lei-
sure, ana in the natural way.
Before I proceed, however, to an examination
into the operations of this war, permit me to reply '
t  the gentlemen who have preceded me as to the
alleged causes which induced iu   The gentleman  j
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Oout,] in his celebrated
"clear the kitchen speech," told  ns that it was
brought on by the infamous conduct of the Go-
vernment in swindling these  Indians ont of their
lands; and the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Hunt] added to this, a charge in relation to the
wife of Osceola, which is appropriately regis'ered
in the Abolition AJmanac of the present year.   I
admit that these gentlemen are quite as near the
truth as i* usual in these party times; tbey are on-
ly one remove from it.   It is not that these Indians
have been cheated out of their lands by the Go-
vernment (for I am well convinced a fairer treaty
sever was made with an Indian tride,) but it is to
this charge, falsely made, and widely circulated,   ,
and particularly among those Indians themselves,   ¡
mat this war is to be attributed, more than to any  !
outer cause.    Unfortunately for the honor,  the
peace, and the prosperity of the country, there if,
and ever has been, a party among as (not a large
one, I trust, sir,) who never yet was known to ap-
prove of any one act of their own Government;
who never yet was found acting with   their own
country, either   iu peace or in war; the   same
•arty which held back the arms of our gallant
fathers in the Revolutionary struggle; which hung
a dead- weight apon our eagle's wings in the last
war; and which is how busy in rawing the seeds of
disunion throughout the land.   This party, sir, has
made its appearance among us at different periods
of our history, and In various guises, but ever in I
t<ut guise best calculated to strike at the honor and  ¡
security   of the nation.    For some time past it   j
has been carrying on a most insidious warfare, al- :i
ternately and conjointly under the red and black   j
banner.   It has taken under its holy keeping the
red man of the wild, and the Southern slave, and
has keen inciting the one to rebellion, and both to :
war, by every means in its power.   And yet so
strange a thing is man, that the numbers of this .
same party meekly fold their arms and call upon ,
the world to say whether they are not the true, nay
the peculiar followers of the Prince of Peace. That
there may be among them some blind, deluded zea. .
lots, who fondly dream they are  engaged in the  ■
service of the Most High, while they are lighting ¡
the torch of civil discord in the land, and bathing :
it in blood, is barely possible; but that their leaders, ;
and many of their rank and file, will, in the end,
be found to be either the hired or the willing tools
of foreign powers, striking at the integrity of this
Union, I have many and strong reasons to appre-
bend.   Crowned heads throughout the world be- !
gin to sit tremblingly on their thrones.   The spirit ,
of inquiry is abroad in every land; liberal princi- ¡
pies are every where on the rapid march, and our
free institutions afford the only light held oat for |
their guidance Í   put out that light, and liberty is j
lost to the world !   The problem of man's capacity
for self-government is fatally solved, and the feu- j
dal ages come back upon ns with all their gloom
and all their chains.   It is not then strange that
crowned heads should seize upon the only means
in their power to remove the only obitacle in their
way.   America, true to herself, may laugh at the
world in arms; to divide and conquer us is  the
only   nope.     And    I    repeat    it,    sir,    this
Appropriation Bill—Mr. W. O. Butler.
saintly brood of hypocrites, these exclusive
friends of the red man and the black, but
who would neither shed their blood nor spend
their money for the salvation of both races, are, in
my opinion, designed as the entering wedge for the
rending asunder this great, this gloriou , this holy
confederacy; cemented together by all that is sacred
in the past, by all that is worth living for in time to
come.
As a further pretence for intermeddling with In-
dian affairs, it has been said that one of the chief
purposes of the late Administration was the de-
struction of the Indian race; and we have been in-.
voked by the orators, and the poets, and the papers
of a party, both foreign and domestic, to unite with
them in weeping over the fate of a once
great and potent naiion—now a feeb'.e and
oppressed tribe, cheated out of their lands,
and driven from the graves of their fathers into
bitter exile by the iron hand of tyranny. Not-
withstanding they were encouraged to sell their
j lands, and to emigrate as the only means to save
them from utter extermination: and, notwithstand-
ing, while remaining among us, they are daily dip-
ping their insatiate hands in the innocent blood of
our women and our children: for them this party
has no sympathy; it is treasured up f«r our enemies
alone.
It is true, Mr. Chairman, when the gallant old
man who was at the head of the late Administration
saw Florida in flame*, and the hearthstones of her
peaceful and unoffending citizens drenched with
their own blood, that he flew to their assistance, and
saved them from destruction. Its is also true, that,
in doing so, he shed much Indian blood; ay, sir,
and shed it without remorse. But that his, or the
policy of the Government, in purchasing
the Indian lands, and removing them beyond
the Mississippi, has a tendency, or was designed, to
destroy them, is utterly untrue. I repeat it, sir, no-
thing else can save them from speedy extermination.
All history, and tradition, and experience, attest the
fact that these two races cannot live in close contigu-
ity with each other; that the contact has still been fa-
tal to the Indian race. True it is, sir, that por-
tions of that race, like the strong man in the tem-
ple, have often brought a common ruin upon their
own and the heads of all within their reach; but,
as a nation, tbey have been compelled, with dimi-
nished numbers, to plunge deeper and deeper in
their genial wild, leaving behind them smoking
ruins and a bloody trail.
What, let me ask, sir, would be the fate of the
Seminole tribe, in a few years, hemmed in, and
pressed on all sides as it is, by a daily increasing
white population? It would be that of a belted
tree, putting forth its sickly leaves for a season,
dropping its sapless branches, one by one, and
speedily mingling with the dust. The reason is a
most obvions one; our customs are at continual
war with each other: the Indian lives by the chase
—livss mainly on the forest game. The farms and
fences of the white man circumscribe and limit the
range of the deer and the elk, and the hum of
civilization frightens them away. The Indian
follows ef his own accord, or is compelled by the
whites, after having turned his idle arms upon
those who have broken in upon bis habits, without
having changed his nature. Give him his native
wild—the lofty mountain and the deep dark dell:
the rushing river and the quiet lake; give him the
rifle and the forest game; yon give him all he re-
quires—all he is capable of enjoying. You leave
untouched and uncontaminated all that is worth
preserving in his nature; and I acknowledge he has
many fine and lofty trails of character. Take his
weapons from his band, and replace them with the
plough and the hoe, and you make him a tame dis-
pirited slave, or a bitter and an unrelenting enemy.
If this be true, sir, was it not a wise and a humane
policy, to give them a distant country of their own,
where they may preserve and enjoy their own pro-
per and peculiar customs, unchecked and uncon-
trolled by the warring usages of civilization? That
the condition of those who have complied with their
treaty stipulations, and removed beyond the Mis-
sissippi, is greatly impioved, we are not only told
by their own agents, but by the concurrent testimo- j
ny of all who have visited them in their new homes. ] [
______________________H of Rep .
I have deemed it proper to say thus much in defence
of the policy of the Government, and in refutation
oí the unjust and illiberal charges made again <t the
It? Administration. But I am well aware, sir,
t*iat the fa'e of the Indian has but little weight with
those who are affecting to weep over it. It is used
merely as a mask, to cloak another and a much
more important measure—one which it is not quite
prudent to proclaim on the house tops. They would
be content to witness a war of extermination be-
tween the Indians and whites of the South, so it did
not reach their borders, or touch their purses, pro-
vided it should prevent the settlement of Florida by
slaveholders, and its formation into ¡slave States.
That, sir, is the key to the whole mystery. Florida,
in its present condition, is too well suited to their
purposes to be lost without a struggle, which costs
them nothing, however much blood and misery it
may cost others. Florida, in its present condition,
is the fit, the natural, and the well-selected theatre
for abolition operations; the only one on which it
can ever hope even to commence its nefarious
schemes; and the Florida war, its first, its natural,
and its bitter fruit. Look at it, sir, surrounded on
all sides by slaves and slaveholders, occu-
pied by a savage tribe, easily excited to war,
owning many slaves, and having among them
many free negroes, in daily communication with
those of the whites, at all times disposed to excite
them to rebel against, and desert from their own-
ers; and to secrete and protect them when they do
so, of their own accord. Stretching far toward
the Bahamas, and reaching almost to Jamaica,
la'ely a slave State, and now a scene of manu-
mitted misery—owned by a foreign and a rival
power, united and affiliated with the Abolitionists
in our own country—it is a mest convenient spot
for all the numerous agents of this society, to meet
and complot in safety, against the peace and secu-
rity of the American people. Do not imagine, sir,
for a moment, that considerations of so vital a
character as these have been overlooked or disre-
garded, by either the people of Florida or the Abo-
lition party. That they are both thrillingly alive
to their true condition, will be seen from an ex-
tract taken from the Amislavery Almanac of the
present year. The article from which this extract
is made is under the following appropriate head:
"Will yon admit Florida as a slave State?" After
denouncing the Government and the war in the
most reckless and unmeasured terms, and quoting
from the Louisville Journal, in support of their
charges, they proceed to give the reasons why tne
people of Florida desire the removal of the
Indians.
"At a public meeting of die citizens of Tallahassee and vi.
cinity, June 8,|I839, it was 'unanimously resolved, that tin
Sammole Indians and the inhabitants of Florida cannot main-
tain peace and live in the same country, and if any treaty
shall be ratified, locating these Indians in Florida, it will be a
paper treaty only.' They also resolved, 'That the peninsula
of Florida is the last place in the limits of the United Statej
where the Indians should be permitted to remain, for obvious
reasons:' I and 2, 'They are accessible to our enemies, and
would be guides to them in war;' 3, 'If lecated in Florida, all
the runaway slaves will find refuge and protection with tbem;'
4, 'The contiguity of emancipated colored people of the West
Indies, would, in a war with some foreign power, place Florida,
and, in fact, the whele of our Southern States, in jeopardy."
What are those reasons? The people of Florida
wished the removal of the Indians because their
lives and their property were in imminent and con-
stant danger from their contiguity; and these are
adopted by the Abolitionists as insuperable objec-
tions against their removal. I confess, sir, tbey
are of the most satisfactory and conclusive charac-
ter. It is quite natural that the people of Florida
should feel a deep solicitude in the preservation of
their lives and their property. But the Abolition-
ists have decreed that they shall loose their slaves,
even at the expense of life itself. I know there are
some of that party who will recoil with much
seeming horror at the very shadow of such a catas-
trophe. Yes, sir, there are men in the world who
will coolly and quietly lay a train that they, and
all ethers who pretend to think at all, must know
will ignite of itself, or be fired by the hands of an-
other, and who, when the thunder of the explosion
bursts upon them, will exclaim against the wicked-
ness of the deed, and thank Heaven that they at
least were free from such a sin. This, sir, is the
case with many. But there are others who have
laid aside even this thin and flimsy robe of caution
