Jane, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
2&TH  CONO..—19T  Se88.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. TV. O. Butler.
H. of Repg.
fore  to defend them; and it is to be observed that lie entered
upon his command under circumstances of embarrassment,
which did not exist when the cam . -urn of last year commenced.
He found the country exhausted, aud not only all the positions
occupied during the campaign abandoned, but the whole coun-
try, from theSuwannee to the Atlantic, except Tampay Bay
«lid St. Ausostine, occupied by the enemy. His plan of the
campaign was admirable; but there w.tb circumstances which
he c.mldiiw control, that prevented its execution "
General Jesup assumed the command in Florida
•boat the 4ih of December, 1836. Exceptions
hate been taken by the gentlemen who have pre-
ceded me as to the manner in which he got into
this command; this is a matter purely personal to
himself and General Scott, in which I do not in-
-tend to intermeddle; the only important mat'er for
this committee to know is how he acquitted him-
self when the command was given to him. If we
compare his success with that of others, there can
be bat one opinion on this point.
He was actively employed from the time he
took the command, until he was relieved in July,
1838; and during that time he scoured the whole
country from the Appalachicola to Cape Sable,
embracing nearly six degrees of latitude. In bis
various campaigns, he captured and killed about
twenty-four hundred Indians and negroei, comput-
ing those who surrendered voluntarily; in which
number were embraced about six hundred war-
riors- His success was at least five times as great
as all the other generals' together, who have
figured in this war; and that be acquitted himself
to the entire satisfaction of the Government, if not
the nation, ^ll be perceived by the letter of the Se-
cretary of War, which I will now read to the com-
mittee:
"Dspartmbnt op War, July 7,1838.
"Sflt I hare the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
communication of the 6th instant, containing a summary ac-
count of your opeiationsin Florida. The Department is aware
of the obstacles to your corr plete success, presented by the face
ef the country, the nature ot the climate, and the character of
the enemy, and fully appreciates your untiring efforts to carry
out all its riews, and to remove the Seminóles to their new
homes in the West. Tou have accomplished all that could be
expected, under peculiar and difficult circumstances in which
you were placed, from a zealous, active, and energetic officer;
and, in withdrawing you from Florida, the Department was ac-
tuated by no want of confidence in your real or ability to carry
en the war to a successful issue, but from a belief that you might
now return to the performance of the appropriate duties of your
Department, without injury to the public service.
"V«j respectfully, your most obedient servant,
"J. R. POINSETT.
"MajorGeneral Thomas S. Jkspp,
Washington City."
Under such circumstances, it was but reasonable
to hope that, on his return to his family, be might,
after all his toils and dangers, have been permitted
to iCbt ia quiet. He did not ask fot fame in mis
war; he expected none. He had, in mere fortu-
nate fields, and in better days of the Republic, won
reputation enough to satisfy the ambi ion of a mo-
derate man—a reputation that those who are now
trying to grind him into the earth, are bound to
acknowledge, even through their gnashing teeth.
Lake General Gaines, be had the misfortune to
derange one of General Scott's tplendid plans of an
Indian campaign. True, he succeeded in seizing
the Indians, and preventing a war with the Crer k
aation, but not on a scientific plan; and that has
called down the heavy vengeance of General
Scott's friends on this floor. I regret this attack
particularly, because it is made by a gentleman
whose virtues and talents I hold in high esteem. I
mean the gentleman from Pennsylvania, (Mr.
Biddli;) but no consideration of this character
shall prevent me from (Join? justice to a country-
man and & friend. I will, hewever, attempt to do
it with all the decorum which the circumstances of
the case will permit. I regret that I did not hear
many things that the gentleman said in bis address
to this committre. There were, however, several
distinct charges of a highly dishonorable character,
to which I call the attention of the committee; and
the first is, that, in the capture and detention of the
celebrated chief O-ceola, General Jesup disgraced
our flag, and violated a law held sacred by the
whole world, civilized and savage; and he read a
most ehaMe and beautiful extract from a letter of
General Jesup himself, to prove how eloquently
«vea the perpetrator of so foal a deed could speak
of the offence itoelf. I regret that I have not the
extraet before me; I would use it for a very different
parpóse; it would go far to prove that he who
conld uaer sueh a sentiment, in such a way, could
P*v« be fuilty of the iofuoy of the deed which he
depicted. But to the truth of the charge.
Tht  circumstances of the case, as far as I
can understand them, seem to be these: Osceola
was one of the chiefs who had signed the treaty in
April, 1835, confirming the treaty of Payne1  Land-
ing, and the treaty at Fort Gibson, being the trea-
ties by which the Seminóles agreed to exchange
their lands and emigrate beyond the Mississippi.
In violation of these treaties, he commenced the
war in December of that year, by killing Charley
Amathla, and forcing away M canopy, the chief of
the tribe, both of whom were friendly, and dis-
posed to emigrate.
In re'ation to the violation of the flag, I con-
dense the following statement from the report of
General Jesup, called for by a resolution of the
Ssnate, many of the important facts oí which I
have heard from General Call and o hers.    While
at Port King, he was informed that some of the
Indians wished to come in and hold a treaty  with
him.    He informed ihem distinctly that he had no
power to treat; that they had agreed to emigrate,
and must go; that if they wished to come in for
that purpose, to use a white flag, which would se-
care them while in the act of coming in.   From
the Indians by whom this communication was made,
he then learned that Osceola was hostile to the emi-
gration.   The Indians began to come in accord-
ingly, and, among the rest, Osceola; but, before the
arrival of Osceola, however, General Jesup re-
ceived the following information,   on which he
placed implicit reliance, and which was strengih-
ened by the information he had before received,
that Osceola was  unfiiendly.     I give his own
words:
' On the 20th, John Cavallo, a sub chief, a hostage who had
violated his parolo in May of last year, came into St. Augus-
tine with a message from Powell" and Coe Hajo, statin? that
hey had encamped near the foit, and desired to see General
Hernandez. Several negroes came in on the same day; from
them I learned that the Indians had but a short time previous
killed a white man; that they did not intend to leave the country;
that they were desirous of obtaining powder and clothing; and,
as some of the nesroes expressed it, they had 'come for no
good;' and that, when they set out for St. Augustine, a party of
Miccasukeys and Tallahassees had started from their camps
for the Alachua frontier, to steal horses and drive off cattle "
If this information was true, will any gentleman
say that General Jesup was wrong in seizing a
man who had brought on the war in the first in-
stance by murder and deception, and in direct vio-
lation of a treaty signed by himself, merely be-
cause he covered his intended treachery by a flag
allowed to him for the sole purpose of protecting
him while in the act of coming in? Suppose he
had reached the fort unmolested, and for the pur-
pose of emigrating, what would have been the re-
sult? If I am correctly informed, the Indiana
were all, while in the act of preparing for emigra-
tion, supplied with rations, and so guarded as to
prevent their returning to the woods. So he would
have been substantially a prisoner the moment he
reached the fort, if he had not been arrested en the
way; but, in addition to this, General Jesup justi-
fied himself on the following grounds.   He says:
"The Indians, by their chiefs, had surrendered to me by ca-
pitulation at Fort Dade, in March, 1837; and in addition, Pow-
ell had, in May of that year, gone in to IJeutenant Colonel
Harney, at Fort Mellon, and had received subsistence to take
¡   his band to Tampa Bay.   Coe Hajo h,id received subsistence
i for his band for the same purpose. The former, in violation
ofhis plighted faith, not only failed to go in himself, but pre-
I vented C >eHajo, by force and threats, from fulfilling Ins en-
gagement which ho was attempting faithfully to do.   He also
*   attempted to kill Yoholo-Hajo, an unarmed herald or messen-
!   ger, whom, in a period nf peace, I had sent to communicate with
|   Coe-Hajo and Nocose Yoliolo.
I       "As 1 had informed the chiefs at Fort Kin? that I would hold
I no communication with the Seminóles unless they should de-
termine to emigrate; as I had permitted no Indian to come in
1 for any other purpose but to tema'n; as they were nil prison-
ers of war, or hostages, who had violated their parole;  s many
of them had violated the truce entered into at Fort King, by
occupying the country east of the St. John, by allowing preda-
tory parties to go to the fro"tier, and hy killing at least one
wh'te man; and, as the white flag had been allowed for no other
purpose than to enable them to communicate and come in
i without danger of attack from our parties, it became my duty
to secure them on being satisfied of the fact that they intended to
return to their fastnesses. I accordingly required General Her-
nandez to seize them, and take thvm to St. Augustine; but, not-
withstanding their character as prisoners and hostages who had
violated their parole, and who, according to the lawi of war, as
recognised by civilized nations, had forfeited their lives, I di-
rected that they shou Id be treated with very kindness, and have
every accommodation consistent with their security."
Now, sir, place this transaction on the worst foot-
ing that the circumstances will properly authorize,
and what does it amount to? that in his zeal to
serve his country in a matter invoking the lives of
many, and the peace of the nation, he has been
possibly mistaken as to what his duty really re-
quired of him; for can any one believe for a mo-
m«nt that ?uch a man as Ge eral Jesup would risk
his fair fame in a transacfon v-h^re he coald gain
nothing, had a doubt rested on his mind as to the
propriety of the act? No, sir, he has done too
much to elevate the flag of this naton in war, ever
to tarnish it in peace o- war. Again: the same
gentleman has, in one of General Jesup's letters,
found something in praise of tha regular army, and
not very complimentary to the militia—a thing
quite common with most of the officers of the ar-
my who have seen much service, and, after uniting
these facts, he has come to the strange conclusion
that General Jesup has been guilty of protracting
the Florida war, for the purpose of rendering a re-
gular army necessary. I hope, sir, this is not de-
signed to eke out Mr. Poinsett's army bill; I am
certain it was not intended as an addition to that
of General Harrison, although they are but twin
brothers.
If all the other officers of the Florida army had
succeeded half as well in advancing that war as
General Jesup did in protracting it, the war would
long since have ended.
I thiuk the gentleman, however, got somewhat
ashamed of this charge, as h* concluded by saying
he did not assert that it was true; he only thought
it might be inferred from  he facts. One word more
as to what General Jesup said in dispraise of the
militia. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has read all his letters in the volume that he used
before this committee, he will find this remarkable
fact, that he (General Jesup) was so much more
the favorite of these same militia than General
Scott, that he became the mediator between them
and that general, after he had so abused them as
to destroy his usefulness as the commander of the
Florida army, which was mainly composed of
militia.
The same gentleman has found another letter of
General Jesup's, in which he spoke of the ''huck-
stering policy of certain members of Congress."
That the people will say many worse things of us
than that, when we get home, I have no donbt.
But the officers of the army and the people are dif-
ferent persons, and moreover there is a law of the
land, we are told, which makes it a high offence in
an officer of the army, to speak in terms disrespect-
ful of Congress. That is true, sir, and that consi-
deration should have restrained the gentleman
when he was pouring out the hot vials of his wrath,
for the third time, on the naked head of one who
cannot retaliate without a breach of law.
I regret extremely that I have been compelled to
say as much on so unpleasant a subject; but as the
speech of the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
mainly an attack upon General Jesup, I could act
say less.
Gen. Taylor succeeded Gen. Jesup in the com-
mand, and as I have heard no complaint against
him, 1 presume there is none. Fortunately forhim-
self.sir, he is a Whig, and fortunately for the coun-
try, he is a soldier of the highest order, and if agehas
not tamed him too much, he is an officer well calcu-
lated for the service in which he has been engaged.
He is now relieved from the servce, an 1 I under-
stand that the army under his command has killed
about one hundred and fifty Indians, during his
many and arduous campa'gns. Such, in part, sir,
have been the results of the wat in Florida, and
yet it is not ended; and now T ásk emphatically
whose is the fauh? Not the Government's, for I
repeat it, the b°st means of the country have been
lavished on it; nor do I believe there has been
either neglect or cowardice on tke part cf the army.
i True, they have won. but few victories, which de-
serve the name, and still fewer laurels but does
I thisprova that they have not at all timet performed
! all their duties promptly and to the best of their
abi'i-y, It is not in the battle alone that the soldier
is tried. Many a bold heart that has beat more
proudly at each suc-essive blast of the trumpet,
ha* faltered and failed on the weary maic&v ^oil
and sickness, and cold and hunrer, wa'ching with
the stars and rising and marching wnh the sum,
threading brakes, and wading swamps day after
day end month after month, where nothing bat
