666_____________________
26th Cong~....1st Ses9.
dishonor is to be expected, better prove a soldier's
worth than twenty battles, for they demand and call
oat his highest virtues, his fortitude and his patrio-
tism. Still I hear a party in this House again and
again exclaim, "You have all the means of this
Government in your hands; and we demand ef you
why this war is not endsd." Take back three-
fourths of the means that have been constantly
employed, and produce the foe, and, my word for
it, the war will be ended in an hour; but, sir, un-
less the enemy can be found, how idle is your com-
mand to conquer him; you had as well bid your
army smooth down the ruffled mane of the deep,
or bind the restless wings of the wind, or pluck a
•tar from the coronal of night, as conquer a foe that
they cannot find. Can you do it, gentlemen? But
that I fear Florida might want protection in the
mean time, I should like to see this war committed
to yonr charge. I should like to see you, and all
such as yoo, wading and toiling through the Flo-
rid* swamps, just long enough to teach you that
patriotism and numbers cannot always command
success.
I should like particularly well, sir, to see my lit-
tle friend from Indiana, who has doggeielized this
war in such fine style, returning safely from a six
montos' campaign, with his cheek a little embrown-
ed with toil, and his head a little better filled with
discretion and experience, and then bear him give
his account of a Florida campaign. Not, sir, from
his dumber window, nor in dishabille at night, but
in true old soldier style, in a tavern ball, wi>h his
knapsack throwe off and a bottle before him. I
think he would then be much better qualified to
give us an account of the "remains of the Florida
war." I think he would then tell us that hundreds
have fallen in open battle; that many more have
sank under the accumulated weight of sickness and
fatigue; that many have returned wearing the sallow
of disease upon their cheeks, and the quickened
seeds of death within their hearts, and that thou-
sands yet remain to follow in their footsteps to be
overtaken by their fate. I think, sir, he would not
a second time break an idle jest at the expense of
that ill fated army, between the very ribs of death.
I say to all who believe this war can be ended with
ease, go and learn your folly, and quit swaggering
about it. If you can end it, and fail to do so, I
tell yen to your beards, you have not one drop of
patriot blood in your veins.
I proceed, in the next place, sir, to examine the
Senate bill for the armed occupation of Florida, as
the one designed for the permanent defence of the
country; and the only one, in my opinion, which
will end this war. But, before I proceed to ex-
amine its provisions, I will fay a word or two as
to the plan of those who pppose it. Among them
are many for whose opinions I have the highest
respect; and at their head I place General Taylor.
It is said his plan is to cover the country with
troops, and thereby put an end to this war at once.
This is easily said, but difficult to be done. The
Indian territory, as I understand it, contains about
45,000 square miles; and about one third of it is
composed of almost impervious hammocks,swamps,
and everglades, and interspersed with many ponds
and lakes. How, sir, is such a country to be co-
vered with troops? And how are the Indians to be
dislodged from it, or conquered in it? Send an
army with a man to every .square mile; let it pass
over every acre of ground; and still, from the
character of the country, each acre may contain a
dozen lurking savages; for I am told there are
many places into which no human eye can pierce
ten feet. A large army will always announce its
own advance; and never move or halt, but under
the keen eye of an Indian [scout, who, in a few
hours after nightfall, will convey intelligence of its
movements farther tban such an army has travelled
in the preceding day, or can travel in the next.
Such an army, acting as snch, never will find an
Indian, unless he wishes to be found; and, should
it chance to stumble on him, it will be only to see
and lose sight of him. If he is pursued, it will be
a contest between a blood horse and a terrapin. But
the plan, of course, will be to divide this army
into small bodies. Subdivide it a hundred fold;
beat and explore a hundred of these brakes and
bannocks at once; and, still, there are a thousand
ffPlX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Jlppropria'ion Bill—Mr. W. O. Butler.
others, where the Indian may conceal himself
with equal safety. While you are beating the
bushes in one, he is in quiet possession of the
next, or picking up your stragglers in the rear;
and, when your search is completed, and you
have abandoned it, he, as a matter of course,
takes quiet possession. Moreover, sir, such
an army, thus divided, and in such a country,
could not be provisioned. The Indians know
this fact, and they also know that no sensi-
ble nation will long keep such an army in vain
pursuit; and their plan will, of course, be, what it
ever has been, to hide and dodge from swamp
to swamp until our troops, worn down with disease
and fatigue, and hopeless of success, shall have
been withdrawn from the field. Then, sir, thty
will return to their old haunts, to commence their
work of murder and devastation anew. It is use-
less, however, to predicate opposition to this bill on ' \
such premises as these. Neither party in this ¡'
House is prepared to vote for an army of one-
fourth the size of that of which I have spoken, nor
is General Taylor to be understood as recommend-
ing such a one. It was both natural and proper,
while he was in the command of the Florida army,
that be should want as many troops as he could
use with any hope of success. But, sir, if those
Indians have resolved to defend the country to the
last, as I am induoed to believe they have, and the
country contains within itself the spontaneous
means of support that I am informed it does, I
feel well convinced in my own mind that the ordi-
nary conree and means of war will be found un-
availing to end it in any reasonable time.
How, then, I am asked, is it to be closed, or is it ¡
never to be ended? Yes, sir, I trust it is, but not in i.
a day.   It is to be ths work of time, and to be per-   |
formed by the hands of a peculiar rac  of men: a
race once common in the West, but one which,
from the disuse of the rifle, and  long habits of
peace, is now nearly extinct—a race, sir, familiar
with the unwritten science of Indian warfare, with
frames capable of enduring its hardships and pri-
vations, and courage to turn it against the savage
in his own domain.
In order to do this, he must become a tenant of
that domain, and grow familiar with all its minute
localities. What is the obj?ct of the bill now under
consideration? It is designed to hold out induce-
ments to the boldest spirits of the land, to occupy
that country which is the theatre of the war, and to
commence this necessary training. At the very
threshold we are met with the usual objection of
the times, that it will be a prodigal waste of public
money. In matters of this kind, sir, I confess that
I am by no means a rigid economist. I would de-
fend the country at any price; nay, sir, bankrupt
posterity for a hundred years to come, to save the
lives of our citizens; it is the best use of a nation's
wealth, and a tax that the people are proud to pay,
although some of those who represent them may
slander them by doubling it.
But, sir, I deny that it will be an extravagant
plan; my only fear is, that the inducements held
out to settlers will prove insufficient; if in the end,
however, they should turn out to be ample, with .
me it will never be a source of regret; for, in my
estimation, there is no man half so well entitled to
a full and fair portion of the public domain, as he
who has perilled his life in its conquest or defence.
If one-half of the number contemplated by this bill,
can be induced to settle within the limits and on the
conditions proposed, I shall have no apprehension
of its complete success, and, if they do not, why
nothing will be lost. It has been urged agninst the
bill, that the settlers, when theie, are required to do
nothing, and are to be fed for one year in the bar--
gain. Unless the feeding of our army has been
greatly improved since I was in the habit of draw-
ing rations, I fear it will prove a very slight
temptation to lure men from the haunts of
civilization, and induce them to become resi-
dents of the wilderness, where they have noih'n?
to expect but hardship and danger. None will go
Ji)Ut men of courage and enterprise, and the idea
that such men will remain idle, with arms in their
hands, and the foe vitbin their reach, is a reflec-
GLOBE..                                 June, 1840.
H. of Reps.
tic n upon the character of the country refuted by
every leaf and line of its history. It must also be
borne in mind, that the settler is to derive no kind
of advantage from his settlement until the war is
ended; and if he is to be acted on by interest alone,
that alone will prompt him to lend all his energies
to bring it to a close. But, sir, had they no inte-
rest at stake, place such a body of men in such a
situation, with arms in their hands, and let one cry
of murder reach their ears, and I defy you to keep
them from the contest. You had as well tell me
that the passengers in a sinking ship would not
lend their aid to keep it above the waves, because
they were not part of the regular crew.
Gentlemen who have argued this question in the
other House, and some who have argued in ad-
vance here, have been brushing up their classic
lore, and the experience of distant conntries and
past ages has been invoked to our aid. We have
been pointed to the wars of the Pontine marshes,
oí the Scythians, and the Maroons, as affording
lights and guides. This, sir, is a severe satire on
the age and the country in which we live. There
is, unfortunately, a proneness but too prevalent
among us to slight and underrate whatever is pro-
perly and peculiarly American, and to give a
fictitious value to every thing that may be had
for picking up beyond the seas, and not
worth even that trouble. We have had a cen-
tury of Indian wars of our own, and, to me, there
is nothing half so much like an Indian war as
a war with Indians. To close up such a volume
of experience, and to grope our way into the
dark ages, and search among the missile wars of
other countries for examples to conduct a rifle-war
with the American Indians of tbis day, is to turn
our backs upon the full blaze of the tropic sun,
and crawl into Symmes's polar world in search of
light.
But, sir, it is urged that this a most peculiar war;
that all former wars have bad an end, but this bids
fair to be eternal. It is certainly true that all our
former wars have had an end, but it is equally true
that many of them were even longer than this, and
none ever carried on in such a country; and
it is also true that they were all waged at a
most prodigal waste of blood, and ended mainly.by
the very means proposed in this bill—by sending
the rifle and the plough together. True, sir, many
a strong band that held that plough fell nerveless
from its task, and the fresh furrow was often filled
with the warm blood of him who made it; hut still
the work went on; more rifles came to guard, and
more fortunate hands to hold it. How was Ken-
tucky fettled? How was the savage conquered in
the entire West ? By the very means proposed in
this bill—by holding out inducements to the actual
settler. True, sir, Virginia gave no lands to the first
settlers in Kentucky, but she sold them so low as to
make it tantamount to a gift; and the rich lands of
Kentucky were of themselves inducement enough
to enlist the enterprise of the older States in rescu-
ing such a land from the savage marauder. Bet
let us inquire for a moment into the particular
manner in which this country was settled. Ken-
tucky was first approached by the route of the Cum-
berland gap, and the first settlements made at
Boonesborough and Howardsburg. Block-houses
and slight stockades were immediately erected, suf-
ficient to afford temporary cover and protection to
the different families of the emigrants; as new set-
tlers came, they were increased in size and number,
and so located as to afford mutual assistance and pro-
tection and they soon extended, in a circular line,
from Maysville to Louisville, leaving the Ohio be-
tween these two points, and all the country north
of this line an entire wilderness, and the theatre
of a bloody strife.
Beyond this cordon of stations an Indian was
rarely known to venture, and still more rarely
suffered to return. This chain was daily drawn
closer, and the theatre of war lessened, as new
block-houses were advanced into the contested
field. The Indians, in the end, were fairly crowd-
ed out, and the whole country oceupied. Upon
establishing one of those posts, the first thing to be
done was te clear and plant the ground in the im-
mediate vicinity of the station, and to extend those
