!
t
Jane, 1840.        ________
}   26th Covg.......1st Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
Independent Treasury—Mr. Galbraith.
H. of Reptu
clearings as fast as prudence would permit.   In
! the mean ume, the silent scout commenced his re-
eonnoissance, and the adjacent country was ex-
plored.   The young «ad active followed in his
footsteps, venturing daily, deeper, and deeper in
the woods.   As their knowledge of the country
and their skill with the rifle increased, confidence
in themselves and the spirit of enterprise grew upon
j them; and, and, nc longer content with the security
I of the block-house, they learned to mark his foot
prints,   and trace the Indian to his secret lair.
) The savage soon began to feel that he had an
equal in the white, and found him a superior in
the end.   The war that ensued was mainly one of
small parties, often a combat of single individual?,
and of course calling out all the courage, skill,
and prowess, of the combatants, and giving to after
times many a wild and bloody legend,  where,
though truth maybe often lost infictton, fiction
will as often fall short of truth.
Occasionally these stations were surrounded by
large parties of Indians, and the settlers cut off from
the woods, their chief means of subsistence.   Re-
lief, or speedy famine, was then the  inevitable
,  fate of all within.   And how was that relief to
come?   One only way, sir.   That deadly living
circle must be passed!   That wily foe must be out-
wiled.   And often, in the middle of the night, with
no eye upon him but the eye of God, and perhaps
the keen eye of the foe, the hunter dressed him in
his Indian garb, and stole forth silent as the spirit
of the hour.   Sometimes he failed; and his story
lives in the traditions of the times.    Often, the very
boldness of the attempt insured its success, and day-
light found him threading the vast and gloomy
woods alone.   Would, sir, I could draw you a pic-
tare of this man; for in doing so, I would but give
you a portrait of my own countrymen, at the pe-
riod of which I am speaking.   I would paint him
out to you in the gray mist of the dawn, when he
has paused to make bis first reconnois sanee, wjth
his trusty rifle in his hand, and standing by a tree
not larger than himself, still doubtful of his fate,
and yet prepared to meet whatever may betide.
Every nerve and every muscle  braced, all his
senses roused, and waiting on his judgment and his
will; his keen and practised eye roving quickly, not
hurriedly, around, and often resting on the route
he had come, to see if any dared follow on bis
track, and saying, in language stronger that words,
it was a dangerous way for any single man to
tread.   8uch men as these are not to be found in
every land, and no where but with much aad
severe discipline.   From such the   Indian   soon
turned away, but was not permitted to depart alone;
his footprint in the dew was the signal for pur-
suit, and he who had been  hunting others, had
How in  turn to run for life.   Do  not imagine
they intended to catch him.   There was then no
reward for catching Indian warriors with loaded
riftei in their hands. The world had not yet become
so Christianized as to think it wrong to kill in battle
or pursuit, one whose hands were reeking with
Christian blood of every age and sex.   Nor was
it thought either humane or politic to throw away
the lives of our bold backwood soldiery, in vain at-
tempts to capture an Indian warrior, whose educa-
tion and religion united in teaching him to die with
his weapons in his hands, and not with fetters on
his arms—one who, even when wounded, and all
hopes of escape at an end, would send his last bul-
let to \\xt heart of any who would offer him life
on condition of surrender; and die iVthe proud be-
lef that sachan act would place him at the head
of his warrior tribe in anotbeT world, where he
might commence his trade of death   anew.    In
those days of primitive simplicity, it was thought
no disgrace to kill an Indian enemy; it was even
thought an act of merit.   Had a dog, sir, even a
bloodhound,   killed   an   Indian   in those   simple
days, I do not think he would have been hung for
it.   I am certain he would not  while Scott  and
Shelby held the pardoning power.   Indian fighters
then ranked among the patriots of the   land, for
that land had none but patriots in it.   Those days
must come back again,  sir, or the Indians will
thrash you  with their ramrods.    Your soldiers
never will fight your battles with sprit or success
while you treat them as murderers, and.pay them
but half the hire of slaves.   A soldier is never re-
warded for his perils and privations but by the full
measure of his country's gratitude.   I am most
forcibly reminded, sir, how these same gallant men,
of whom I have been speaking, have been re-
warded by their country.   They were  mainly in-
strumental in conquering that large and rich na-
tional domain of which we hear so much in this
ball,  as  a   thousand  nameless graves scattered
through Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois, and the battle
fields of Wayne, and Harmer, and St. Glair, at-
test.   The survivors asked to be placed on the
same footing of the Revolutionary soldiers,aad they
were told on this floor, that these early wars in the
West were mere private affairs.    In one sense
they were, for we had but little help to fight them.
They were, however, just such wars as that now
going on in Florida; just such as we are likely to
have about the pine logs in Maine, and just such as
was our late war with Great Britain.   That was a
war for " free trade and sailor's rights."  Kentucky
had no ships upon the sea, no sailors chained in
dungeons on the deep; but that every sail struck by
the hand of violence was a national disgrace, and
every sailor's plaint thrilled through   the whole
American heart, she might have folded her arms
in safety, and let the tide roll on; it would not have
stained her borders; hers was no longer a scathed
and a red frontier.   What was her course?   Her
sons were found wherever your  eagle dared fly.
They were not restrained by lines of States or the
nation, while thousands, for whose violated rights
that war was waged, were tamely looking on, or
plotting treason with the foe.   But I feel that I am
wandering from the subject under consideration,
and that I have already occupied this committee too
long.
A very few words as to the Senate bill which
has been reported to this House for raising three
battalions for the immediate protection of Florida.
This bill does not propose to increase the regular
army, which is now deficient near or quite four
thousand in number; it is designed to make up this
deficiency by recruiting men especially for the Flo-
rida service, and, in consequence of the unusual
severity of that service, it is proposed to give the
recruits a bounty in lands. I see no po^s.ble ob-
jection to the bill, and deem some such bill indis-
pensable; for, as much as I think of the arm-d oc-
cupation bill, I know it will not answer alone.
Florida demands, and must have, certain and im-
mediate relief.
I feel, Mr. Chairman, that I may have omitted
much that would contribute to sustain the different
positions I have assumed; and I also feel that I
may have said some things that I perhaps had as
well have left unsaid. If I have said any thing
that is ca'culated to wound any one on this floor, I
shall regret it extremely. For, although I cannot
but look upon the Opposition as pursuing the most
ruinous and reckless course that ever marred a na-
tion's hopes, yet, I have not found it necessary to
impute to any member on this floor impure or im-
proper motives; I am willing to attribute much of
that which I cannot but condemn, to the excitement
and phrensy of the times; and from that excite-
ment I plead no exemption. I would, however,
sir, most unwillingly add to the bitterness of such
a contest; one over which every patriot of every
party must mourn; and one which, I trust, is even
now fast hurrying to its climax. In this I may be
deceived. I know that I am a sanguine man, and
much disposed to look on the sunniest sLe of even
tie darkestthingr; yet, amid all the wild and threa-
tening elements which I ,*ee thickening around me,
I look- with undiminished confidence to the future—
a confidence based on the wisdem, the patriotism,
and the firmness of th? people. Politicans may
warp and passion and prejudice mislead there for
a time, but, having no reason to do wrong, they
will, in the end, do right.
Mr. Chairman, I cannot permit myself to sit
down without returning my grateful and heartfelt
thanks to this committee|fcnd to every membtr of
it, for their courtesy and attention—a courtesy and
attention dear at all times and to ail, but peculi-
arly so to one who is making a first speech in
Congress,
SPEECH OF MR. GALBRAITH,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
In the House t>J Representatives, June 12, 1840—In
Committee of the Whaje on the State of the
Union, on the bill from Vie Senate entitled, "A
bill to provide for the collection, safekeeping,
transfer, and disbursemen\ of the public reve-
nue."
Mr. GALBRAITH addressed the committee in
substance as follows:                 *
Mr. Chairman: Although desirous, as I confess,
of giving my reasons at length for the vote I intend
to give in favor of the bill under consideration, and
consequently against the motion pending to strike
out its enacting clause; yet, admonished by the ad-
vanced period in the session to which we have ar-
rived, and the amount of important public business
yet to be considered and passed upon, I shall
abridge the remarks I had intended presenting, as
much as the importance of the questions involved
will justify. This bill is regarded on all sides as
involving great national principles, and affecting, to
some extent, the 'interests and the financial affairs
of this vast country; and is therefore entitled to
full discussion and consideration. It has been at-
tacked with great ability and ardor by its opposers;
and I feel called upon and willing to share a portion
of the responsibility, however humblejof sustaining
it before the country.
For the purpose of condensing and simplifying,
as much as possible, the views I have taken of the
subject, crude and imperfect as they may be, I shall
consider it under the following heads of inquiry,
viz:
1st. The origin of the measure, and what cir-
cumstances gave rise to its recommendation by the
Executive, in his message to Congress, in Septem-
ber, 1837, at its special session, and continued in
his annual messages since.
2d. What the bill is, and what are its provi-
sions.
3d. What it is not.
4th. The objections raised and urged against it,
including any substitute, or other plan proposed of
securing the objects contemplated by it.
5th. The means employed to defeat its adoption.
I propose, sir, in pursuance of this division, to
consider in the first place, the origin of the measure,
and the circumstances under which it was sug-
gested by the President to Congress.
I bad not supposed it necessary, in considering
this branch of the subject, to travel further back
than the period at which the measure was first re ,
commended by the Executive, and the state of our
national affairs at that time, with the existing cir-
cumstances. A gentleman from New York [Mr.
Marvin] opposed to the bill, had sought to trace in
the late administration of President Jackson, in
what he chose to call the war upon the United
States Bank, the creation of new banks, and urg-
ing and advising them to extend their issues, and
increasing the debts of the country, the causes
which led to the necessity for a change ia relation
to the depositories of the public money. „ I shall,
reserve a reply to the charge thus made against
that administration, until 1 come to consider ano-
ther branch of the subject in the order proposed;
and pass on for the present, according to the course
marked out, as before indicated.
By the act of Congress of the 23d June, 1836,
the Secretary of the Treasury was directed to select
and employ as the depositories of the money
of the United States, the State, District, and Terri-
torial banks, under the regulations prescribed by
law. The surplus, over five millions in the Trea-
sury on |he 1st of January, 1837, was directed
by the same law to be deposi'ed with the States;
one fourth on the 1st Janurv, 1837, and
one fourth quarter yearly afterwards. In
pursuance of this latter provision, the portions
of the surplus revenue directed to be deposited wish
the States on the 1st of January, April, and Joly,
amounting to upwards of f28,000,000, had been so
deposited. By the 5th section of that act, it is pro-
vide«l "that no bank shall be selected or continued
as a place of deposite ef the public money, which
shall not redeem its notes and bills on demand in
specie, **,   la May, 1837, the Surte, District,
ii
