668
26th Cowg""1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juhe, 1840.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Galbrmth.
H. of Repg.
and Territorial Tanks, generally, and almost si-
multaneously, suspended specie payments;  after
which, the S ate banks could not be selected  or
continued as depositories, but in positive violation
of the act of Congress.   The United States Bank
had expired as a national institution on the 4th of
March, 1836, by the limitation of the act of Con-
gress of the 10th of April, 1816, by  which it was
authorized and chartered.   Under these circum-
stances, the Piesident of the United States felt it
his duty to convene Congress in a special session
in September, 1837, to whom he communicated, as
the Constitution required, a full statement of the
facts connected with the depositories of the public
money, and recommended to the consideration of
Congress, the plan of disconnection of the revenues
of the Government entirely from the affairs or
dealings of banks of issue, and the safekeepiug of
them by the agents and officers of the Government
secured upon individual responsibility—the mea-
sure proposed in detail in the bill now under con-
sideration.   It is somewhat surprising that such a
proposition, under such circumstances, should have
been made the foundation for violent and bitter
denunciation and party warfare, without the propo-
sition of any other mode by which the incon-
venience and embarrassment resulting to the coun-
try and the Government from such a disaster as
had occurred, could be better avoided.   Patriotism
and a pure desire for the public welfare and the
happiness and prosperity of the country, it was fair
to expect, would have prompted an anxiety to sug-
gest some mode of relieving from the existing em-
barrassments, either by way of amendment of that
recommended by the President, pointing cut its de-
fects, or a substitute which should effect the pur-
pose and objects of the Government better; bat in-
stead of this, instead of meeting in the spirit of can-
dor, the suggestion submitted, it was made the sub-
ject of parly clamor and sweeping denunciation in
the partisan papers, and by political orators, from
one end of the country to the other, net stopping
even   at   the   grossest  misrepresentation  of   the
character and effects of the  measure, and without
even exhibiting or publishing to their readers or
hearers that were its provisions.   It was denounced
in no measured terms as the "odious Sub-Treasu.y
scheme," by every village politician of the Opposi-
tion, without stating, and often without even know-
ing himtelf, what it was.   1 have no recollection of
ever having seen a newspaper ef the Opposition,
sufficiently candid to publshthe bill itself.  What
was your Executive to do under the circumstance?
What could he do?   The United States Bank had
expired by its own limitation by law, and the peo-
ple by their representatives elected in reference to
that very subject, bad solemnly declared that  it
"ought not to be «chartered," the justice and po'i-
cy of which sentence, I shall consider hereafter.
The State banks had, by their own volnntary act
of suspension of specie payments, rendered it il-
legal, and in direct violation of the act of Con-
gress, which authorized their selection, to continue
them as ths depositories    Tbe deposite with the
States, although in form a deposite, was regarded,
by a large portion of tbe people, and intended by
most of those who had advocated its policy, as a
distribution, a gift, that would never be recalled;
and te entrust the mere custody of money wanted
for national purposes, with them, under such views,
would be absurd and disastrous. I repeat the ques
tion then, what was your Executive to do?   He
recommended the policy of prescribing by law the
selection and appointment of agents and officers,
subject to such sureties, restr ctions, and penalties
as Congress might consider necessary for the secu-
rity of the deposite, and faithful performance of ihe
trust.   In accordance with ihe principles of this
recommendation, the b 11 has been prepaied with
its details—is now before us  as the Representa-
tives of the people, for our deliberation, not as par-
tisans, but as dtate&men; and this brings me to con-
sider,
Secondly. What is the bill, and what are its
provisions?
It is entitle "a bill to provide for the collection,
safekeeping, transfer and disbursement of the pub-
lie rerenne," and its provisions throughout fully
pest and, correspond with j  title,   Tbe four
I
first sections establish the Treasury and give it lo-
cality; to wit:  the Treasury Building at Wash-
ington, 'he Mint at Philadelphia, the Branch Mint
at   New Orleans,   the   Custom-House   a'   New
York and Boston, and offices or buildings to be
provided at Charleston, in South Carolina, and at
St. Louis, Missouri, and constitutes the Treasurer
of tbe United States, the Treasurer of the Mint and
Branch Mint, depositaries; and the   fifth section
provides for the appointment of four receivers, ge-
neral at the other  fonr places designated.   The
sixth section requires all collectors and receivers of
public money to keep it safely without loaning or
using in any way.   The seventh and eighth sec-
tions provide for bonds and  additional  security.
The ninth, tenth and eleventh prescribe the mode
of transfer and other matters of detail. The twelfth
and thirteenth sections provide for examination and
inspection of the books to be kept by the collectors
and receiver*.   The fourteenth, fifteenth and six-
teenth sections are matters of detail, providing for
withdrawing balances, and requiring marshals and
a'torneys to pay over money in  their hands, &c.
The seventeenth section requires each receiver and
collector to keep an acccunt of the kind of money
received, to be subject to the examinations and in-
spections prescribed in the twelfth and thirteenth,
and thus affording, by the combination of the two
provisions, a valuable check upon the collectors,
receivers and depositories, and makes the loan or
use in any way of the public money prohibited in
the sixth section a felony, to be punished by im-
prisonment not less than two nor more than five
years; thus furnishing a security in addition to the
individual bonds and sureties provided for in the
seventh and e ghth secti >ns, of the strongest possi-
ble character.   The nineteenth section, commonly
called the specie clause, requires one foarth of the
revenue to be collected and paid in specie after the
last of June, 1840; one half after the last of June,
1841; three-fourths after the last of June,  1842;
and the whole after the lastof June, 1843; thus gra-
dually requiring the whole revenue to be collected
in the legal currency as established by the Consti-
tution.   The twentieth  section   requires all dis-
bursing officers to pay out to the creditors of the
United States, embracing soldiers, sailors, pension-
ers and workmen, &c. the same as received, and in
case of violation of that or the preceding section,
to be reported to the President and removed, and
also to Congre«s; imposing another powerful guard
to the faithful discharge   of duty.   The   twenty-
first and twenty-second rections are matters of de-
tail, securing tbe disbursement of ihe same funds
as    received,    and    preserving   uniformity   in
the   collection   and   disbursement   of   the  dif-
ferent branches  of  revenue.     The  twenty-third
section provides for regulations so as to  require
immediate presentation of drafis, to avoM their cir-
culation as money.   The four succeeding sections
are matters of detail in relation to salaries, ex-
penses, &c. and the twenty-eighth and last section
repeals former act«, and parts of acts, conflicting
with the provisions of this bill.   This, sir, is a faith-
ful summary of the bill before us; and I have been
thus minute in detailing its provisions, because I
well  kno<v the unceasing efforts that have been
made to conceal and misrepresent them.   The only
material change proposed in our financial sys'em
by this bill, is in relation to the safekeeping of the
public money, those provisions relating to the col-
ltction, transfer and disbursement, proposing   no
more than a recognition by law of the practice
which has uniformly obtained since the organiza-
tion of the Government, adapted to the change in
tbe enstody of the revenues.   It has been put fonh
by the opponents of the measure, that its friends
claimed for it the merit of an immediate relief bill—
that it would immediately produce an increase of
money and rel'eve the alleged distress throughout
the country.   This is put fonh, no doubt, for the
purpose of claiming credit for prophesy of disap-
pointment, when it shall be found that even after
us passage, every broken speculator is not restored
to luxury and his squandered fortune, and every
imprudent debtor is not at once released from his
indebtedness.   No such merit is claimed for it by its
friend .   They claim nothing more for it than whet
appears upon id face tad indicated by |t| tule, «ad
the incidental salutary effect apon the circulating
medium, which it is calculated gradually to pro-
duce. The measure is clearly and undoubtedly con-
stitutional—it is simple and unentangled with mul-
tiplied forms and complicated machinery: places the
safekeeping of the public money on tbe same basis
as its collection and disbursement, and indeed every
other operation and transaction of tbe Government,
upon the principle of individual responsibility, in
the same manner as in our State and connty trea-
uries; and indeed that of every municipality known
to our institutions, excepting the single instance of
the United States Tieasury under the act of 10th
April, 1816, and that of the 23d June, 1836, and
agreeably to the first legislation of Congress un-
der    the    Constitution,   and  its    early   adopted
practice—in    accordance    with    the   law   and
practice   of    almost   every   other   country   in
Europe and in the world.   The first act of Con-
gress on the subject of ihe collection of duties, 4c.
under the Constitution, was that of the 31st July,
1789, and in its 30th section required that they should
be "received in gold and silver coin only," &a
and indicated no other depositories than individuals.
The act of 25th February, 1791, incorporating the
first United States Bank, made its bills or notes
payable on demand in gold and silver coin, receiva-
ble in all payments to the United StaUs, bnt did
not constitute it a depository.   It was only by the
practice of the Treasury Department that it was
made so, at the discretion of the head of that De-
partment.   No other than individual depositories
were created by law until the incorporation of the
late United States Bank by the act of 10th April,
1816, by the sixteenth section of which, the depo-
sites were to be made in that bank, subject, how-
ever, to a different direction by the Secretary of
the Treasury.   Why should a different description
or character of agents be employed for the safe-
keeping of the public money, than for its collec-
tion or any other branch of the public service?   I
apprehend no good reason can be assigned.   By
the provision of the nineteenth section of the bill, a
gradual demand for specie will   be  created, Jby
which the currency will be improved and purified
by moderate and regular giadations, and extrava-
gant and irregular emissions of bank paper checked
and corrected, and excessive importations of fo-
reign fabrics to some extent restrained,  and our
own manufacturer encouraged and promoted.   So
far as it shall operate apon the currency, its opera-
tion will be a wholesome one, purifying and ren-
dering it better, instead of inflating and depreciat-
ing its value.   These ere some of the incidental
benefits which I believe will result from the adop-
tion of this measure.
The principle of individual responsibility intro-
duced in the several provisions of this bill, I re-
gard as of the utmost importance in securing the
faithful discbarge of the duties imposed by it. In-
dividual obligation is imposed in all its combined
forms and checks; bonds binding the persons and
property of the agents and their sureties, examina-
tions and inspections of the books and entries re-
quired to be kept by the officers, and penalties in
Ue criminal courts for violations of any of its rigid
provisions. Thus person, property, character,
honor, and every thing held dear in this world, axe
pledged for the security of the public revenue.
I proceed to consider thirdly what the bill is not
1st. It is not a bank—a Government Bank, as
has been contended here. What is a bank, as now
understood in this country, and what are its func-
tions? In order to constitute a bank as understood
here since their first existence in tbii country, there
must be the exercise of four distinct functions.
1st. Offices of deposite—2d. of discount—3d. of
loan—and, 4th. of manufacturing and issuing pa-
per money. The last, the power of manufacturing
and circulatisg paper money, is the all important
and essential function, «hi?h with us has given to
banks ail their power for good or evil; and enabled
them to eater into all the business of society— 
raise and depress the price of all the property, pro-
duction , and labor throughout the country at brief
intervals, and extend to every contract between
debtor and creditor from one end of tbe country to
the other. Where is this function to be fonnd in
the bill upon your ! bl«l   Jt is no where.   ItiitftM
