Jane, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
66$
86th Cowg««« 1st Sbss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Galbraith.
H of Reps.
to exist in the power of drawing drafts by ihe Trea-
surer upon the depositories in favor of the creditors
of the United States. If so, we have always, in
the practice of the Treasury Department, had a
Government bank in full operation, without hav-
ing ever made the discovery until ihe discussi & of
this bill; because, as before observed, those provi-
sions are merely a recognition of what has always
been the practice under all Administrations since
the first organizaron of this Government, and that
effectually restrained by the twenty-third section of
the bill, which is intended to prevent ihe circulation
of the Treasury drafts as representatives of money.
I am aware that instilotions called banks, such as
that of Venice, Amsterdam, and Hamburg, pos-
sessed not the power of manufacturing paper mo-
money, aad were merely offices of deposite, loan,
and discount; bat where is to be found in this bill
either the functions of loan or discount, necessary
to constitute even such a bank? The powers of
loan aad discount exist no where in the bill, except
through the medium of distorted imagination. Ac-
cording to one gentleman, [Mr. Barnard,] these
drafts may be of a denomination as low as one
dollar, when they might enter into the circulation
and form a popular currency; and if of a large
denomination, they might and would form a part
of the mercantile currency. If this were true,
it would sweep away at one brush all the clamor
which has been raised about "one currency
for the Government and another for the people,"
upon which I shall submit a remark or two before
I conclude; but as before remarked, this bill origi-
nates no Treasury drafts—it only proposes to legise
late upon what has always been the practice of th-
Depanment, without which it could not have per-
formed its necessary functions; and no bank powers
or bank facilities have been found in that practice
heretofore, nor can they now. But, with an im-
plied concession, that the bill now under conside-
ration does not confer any bank power, it is con-
tended that it is a substratum upon which future
Congresses may erect a bank—a stock upon which
may hereafter be engrafted the scion of another
aoaster. This objection comes from a strange
quarter—from those who are unceasing in their
praises of banks and eulogists of what they call the
"credit system," and I should rather suspect the
real objection is, that it would effectually defeat
any project of a National or Government Bank, by
defeating all appearance of a necessity for such an
institution. It is a sufficient answer, however, to
the objection, that it does not now exist; and it is
not for us to suppose that those who are to succeed
us will be less scrutinizing and watchful against in-
sidióos encroachments of power than ourselves.
3d. I would remark in the next place, this mea-
sure is not the Treasury note bill; but totally dis-
tinct and separate from it. Efforts I know have
been made, to consider it as the same, and many
have been induced to believe that Treasury notes
are the notes of the Independent Treasury. The
issne of Treasury notes is a mere temporary ex-
pedient, rendered necessary under any mode of de-
ÍKite, by the deficiency of present funds in the
reasury to meet its demands, restrained and limit-
ed of course to a single operation; and I hope the
occasion will never again occur; whereas the mea-
sure now under consideration is designed and in-
tended as a permanent system to be engrafted as
one of the settled institutions of the Government,
and to endure throughout all time to come, as long
as the Constitution itself shall stand.
I propose now to consider in otder,
4th. The objections raised and urged against this
measure, including any substitute or other plan
proposed of securing the objects contemplated by it.
1 would first inquire what substitute or better
plan has been proposed by those opposed to this
measure? It is somewhat remarkable, that not-
withstanding the deep, bitter, unceasing denuncia-
tions against it, no distinct proposition has been
submitted either to the people or to their representa-
tives, by those who have so denounced it; at least,
I have not been able, with much anxious search,
to discover any such. Much, it is true, has been
said of the excellences of the United States Bank,
and occasionally a referrence to the State banks in
sympathetic strains of eloquence and praise i
comparison with  the "odious Sub-Trtasuryj" but
still, no distinct avowal of either, or any thing else,
as the proposed substitute for  it, which the party
opposed will stand by and defend.   I have care-
fully looked over the report of the minority of the
C mmittee of Ways and Means, signed by two of
the most experienced and talented gentlemen of the
Opposition in this House, or perhaps this country,
(Messrs. Sergeant and Pope,) then, and   now
members, presented in March, 1838, to be found in
the 31 vol.  Reports of  Com. of tne Honse, Doc.
No. 634.   This is the most labored document I
have been able to find against this measure, and
was intended to embody  in the most formidable
array, the objections existing against it, forming, as
it were, the official political text book, to which
the country might look for the true standard of op-
position faith against this measure.    Yet in that
whole document is not to be found a proposition as
a substitute, or a project of a better plan.   Much
eulogy, it is true, is bestowed upon the Uci'ed
States Bank, then expired, but no proj- ction of a
new cne er any thing in its stead.    I have looked
over the many able speeches delivered in both ends
of the Capitol for the last two years against this
measure, but have looked in vain for the distinct
avowal of a substitute.   I have perused the Oppo-
sition journals which teemed with bitter denuncia-
tion against the   Independent  Treasury   scheme
during the same period, without being able to dis-
cover any other scheme distinctly proposed.   A
great convention of all the wise and aged statesmen
in the nation, if we are to believe their own ac-
count of it, assembled at Harrisburg in December
last, for the express purpose of taking into conside-
ration the pernicious measures of this Administra-
tion, of which this was denounced as the chief.
They talked loud and long of   its   corruptions
and extravagance—dealt largely in general clamor
and    denunciation;    yet,   although   there   were
among them the most talented and experienced of
the   Oppojit on—gentlemen who had been long in
office and capable of pointing out all the errors rnd
iniquities of any administration if there were any,
that great body closed its labors without specifying
pointing out, much less proving, a single item of
mal-administration or corruption—without declar-
ing to their countrymen any one principle of po-
licy by which they should be guided in the new
administration which they asked to  introduce; and
without disclosing any plan or scheme for the exa-
mination and deliberation  f the people, by which
the alleged ruin and distress by which the coun-
try was visited might be avoided.   Sir, I ask, what
is the conclusion—the necessary irresistible conclu-
sion every honest man is bound to draw from all
this?   I answer, that the conclusion of every honest
and candid mind must be, that there was no cor-
ruption or mal-administration to be detected—that
they had no common principles which they would,
or dare annonce to the woild—that they had de-
visad no fiscal plan which they d.ire contrast with
the Independtnt Treasury; but all must be swal-
lowed upon the general  destitution of principle
"akin to generous confidence."
Again, another vast national assemblage of wise
and aged young men was convened at Baltimore
in May last, numbering, according to their own
account, from twenty to fifty thousand of hard fisted
distressed bankers,brokers,and counter men from all
the Eastern ci'ies, bearing with them city log ca-
bins, cider barrels and coon skins, for the avowed
purpose of passing judgment upon tfee proceedings
at Harrisburg five months before, and pronounc-
ing them good, and condeming the present Admi-
nistration. They were met by the grave legislators
from both ends of this Capitol, who were to im-
part to the thronging multitude the vast accumu-
lation of wrongs and mal-practices of the Admi-
nistration, and disclose the rich stores of relief for
an allege! suffering community, gathered by five
months hard study and sifting research and investi-
gation into all the affairs at the seat of Govern-
ment. They met, with badges, music, and banners,
mottoes and inscriptions, parade and shows of all
fancies and devices; and what were the mighty de-
velopments of corruption of the Administration
there poured out? what the great lofty principles
announced? and what  the healing plans of relief
revealed? I hold in my hand the National Intelli-
gencer ol the 7th May, containing the principal
proceedings ot Mat assemblage as recorded by its
own friends, and refer to the principal prominent
speeches there delivered. It is there stated that the
first speaker was Mr. Clay, who "commenced by a
reference io the northwest wind, which blew al-
most aga.e, and compared it happily to the popu-
lar voice of the immense multitude who were
present," &c. and then proceeds to talk in gene 
ral terms of "ravages," "revolutions," "broken
hopes," " wide spread ruin," "William H. Har-
rison," &s. in vague, windy declamation, but
nothing defined or spec fied either of evil or reme-
dy. Then followed Mr. Webster, who talks of
"change," "and breezes and change," William
H. Harrison," and victory te last half a century,
&c. * "All agree, continued Mr. Webster, that we
have hard times, and many, he amusingly re-
marked, supposed the remedy to be hard cider,"
&c. but as undefined as to the evil or how
this great political remedy was to be applied, as
the grave orator who preceded him. Next on
the sacred rostrum was my grave colleague and
learned counsellor from the city of Philadelphia,
long identified with the legal and political his-
tory ef our State; I will quote from the record,
where it is said, "Mr. John Sergeant of Pennsyl-
vania succeeded Mr. Webster upon the rostrum.
What have you come here for? said Mr. Ser-
geant. I will answer. To bring back tp the
people, and through the log cabins of the coun-
try, the neglected and lost Constitution." Log
cabins!! and lost Constitution!!! The people!
Log cabins!! and lost Constitution.''! Good
Heavens ! how or where did my colleague come
to think or know any thing about the people
and log cabins? And what does he mean by
the lost Constitution ? Dors he mean the Con-
stitution of the State of Pennsylvania? I re-
member that a few years since the people of that
State decided that her Constitution should receive
some Republican amendments; and my colleague
(Mr. Sergeant) was elected as a delegate to the
convention, was chosen to presids over that body,
and exerted his talents to defeat the expressed will
of the people of that State in reference te those
amendments. The amendments however pre-
vailed, and were adopted by the people. But I
cannot for my life discern how a national meeting
at Baltimore could interfere with that question.
He could not have meant that. The sentence is
to me totally unintelligible—it is, perhaps, too deep
for my comprehension; and yet I cannot pre-
sume that be meant nothing, nor can I suppose that
he had applied to himself too much of the remedy in-
dicated by the wise statesman who had immediately
preceded him. I think, however, I have a glimpse
of bis meaning. There are many of his political
friends, who have considered the Bank and the
Constitution as synonymous terms, and have got so
much in the habit of using the word Constitution,
when the Bank was the idea impressed upon the
mind, if indeed any very well defined idea was at-
tached to it at all. With this meaning attached to
the term C institution, I can understand him, and
am forcibly reminded of a fable I recollect reading
when a boy, of a cat and the rats. I give the sub-
stance from reco'lection, not having read it for ma-
ny years. It was somewhat as follows: A wary,
sly cat, having lived for some time upon a family
of rats in her neighborhood, had produced rather a
scarcity. The little animals, finding their rumber
gradually diminishing, became somewhat shy, and
she concluded she must either starve or resort to
some stratagem to supply herself with her accus-
tomed plunder. She suspended herself by the hind
legs upon a pin ia the wall, with her head hangiig
down, pretending to be dead. The rats, seeing her
in this attitude, collected all around her, rejoicing
at the death of their old enemy, when suddenly she
let herself down in their midst, and made sad ha-
voc among them. When the supply she had thus
obtained had become exhausted, she resorted to an-
other artifice, and rolled herself all over in flour,
and concealed herself in a meal tub. Some of the
rat< perceiving a heap of flour, as they supposed,
were disposed to rejoice at their good fortune, and
immediately to partake of so pleasant a repast as
