6f4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
SSth Cono*"«1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr Galbraith.
H. ot Reps.
of the Administration;" "minions and slaves of
power," rebuked and condemned by "the voice of
«n insulted and betrayed constituency," (to. This
second part of the letter, in relation to the admis-
sion of the members elected by the people of New
Jersey, against the claims of those appointed by the
broad seal of the Governor, in opposition to the
▼otes of the people, I am not permitted to answer
in the discussion of this bill; bat I shall take some
suitable opportunity to do so, to the conntry, either
verbally or by letter, and shall hold mjselt in rea-
diness, on all proper occasions, to defend and jus-
tify my votes on that question, before roy^constitu-
ents, and before a just and enlightened world. To
this letter is added, by way of appendix, a table—
the same, I believe, which has been introduced, in
come shape or other, into the speech of almost
«very one opposed to this Administration, during
this session, and almost every article from that side
prepared for the press—giving an exhibit of the ex-
penditures * f the Government daring the adminis-
trations of Mr. Adams, General Jackson, and Mr.
Van Buren, of which I shall take a passing notice
hereafter.
Now, sir, what is the "unholy war" and what
the "domestic institutions" referred to m this let-
ter! and what the object or at least the tendency
of the reference? The suggestion of the Indepen-
dent Treasury, under the circumstances mentioned
at the first of my remarks, when those holy institu-
tions, the banks, bad voluntarily rendered it un-
lawful to select or continue them as the depositories,
is what is magnified here into an "unholy war;"
and the "domestic institutions" are those same
banks which failed to comply with the conditions
on which alone Congress had directed their selec-
tion, but still claimed the exclusive use of ihe peo-
ple's money for their customers; and the effect, if
not the object of this groundless alarm cry, and in-
flammatory appeal, is, a combination of those in-
stitutions with their army of officers, stockholders,
and debtors, with the political action and org inizi-
tionof party in favor of an Opposition candidate
for the Presidency, without any open, avowed
principles, and enlisting them in the support of a
trashy, partisan newspaper, to villify and misre-
present the Administration, and particularly this
measure of the people, the circulation of which is
to be widened and enlarged by the franks of mem-
bers of Congress to its subscribers to "every nook
and corner of this Union," and to every "waste
place in the political Zion." We have a cue to
this horror-striking, panic-striking appeal to the
banks, in a speech delivered against this bill to-
day by the gentleman's colleague ¡rom the Albany
district [Mr. Barnard] the substance of whote re-
mark, was, that banks are harmless, if let a'one—
that officers, stockholders, and customers of banks
are easily managed by addressing their interests,
and when once their political influence is enlisted,
it is overwhelming and irresistible. This argument
was used to show the influence of banks with the
Administration, and it would of course be the
same against it.
Mr. Chairman, I have received a number of
letters from constituents of mine on the subject of
this printed letter and other documents of a similar
character, a few extracts from some of which, will
explain to some extent, my reason for introducing
and commenting upon it on this occasion. One
letter says:
"Our mails for the last week or ten days have been io over-
loaded with Federal speeches and pamphlets that the stages are
nearly broken down.   A luge cart had to be sent to-----, and
another to-----, loaded with Clark's letter and Davis's speech,
and other such stuff as that, franked by four or five different
Bxmbers from other States. * * Store than three thousand
of thaw articles have come here now in a short time. Why do
tbjese men trouble themselves about your constituents, and not
attend honestly to the business of their own? It is like theNorth-
«rn tfStstea meddling with the laws and regulations of the
South. I understand that, upon the begging of Clark's letter,
a plan has been adopted here to get each township to subscribe
fot • 10 worth of Madisonians tobe franked by the members.
lathis the object of the frankinp privilege, and does the law
or the rule* of the House allow members to neglect their own
business and spend their time in sending newspapers and other
trash in  other Butte*?"
Another letter says:
«I think you must have a great many friends at Washington,
or esse I have. I got at tbe Post Office, a day or two ago, a
pamphlet of John C. Clash of New York, directed to the
Whigs and Conservatives of Chenango county, franked by "J.
C. CtAJUt, M. C." A speech of Joax Davis, franked "W. L.
Brcs^lLC.''[Connecticut,] and a lift of General Harrison
with a horse and log cabin on it, franked by l-R Garland,"
[Louisiana.] 1 send you the franks 1 thought I was highly
honored, or that these men were assisting you, and wanted to
make you popular; but when I come to look at my books, I
didn't read them much. I found they were too much humbug "'
Another 1 -tier states the receipt of a speech of
Mr. Pa vis, arid proceeds :
"Isoon found it did not suit me—that it was a Federal speech
grossly misrepresenting our S nator Buchanan about reducing
wages. I had received Mr Buchanan's spetch a lew days be
fore from you, and lud read it with satisfaction; and soon saw
that Davis was trying to mislead, and turn his own charge
as if it had been the argument of M . B. I thought theie must
besoirm tuck a>out ii, having at first supposed 1 got it from
you, and looked at the w,app<.r and found it was endorsed "J.
TRcMBfLt, M.C" [of Connecticut] 1 thought he might be
some lellow you had got to wr te for yot' and had chea'ed you,
and send you a piece ol the wrapper that you might detect
him, &t, "
Another asks:
"Do jou kniw J W. Allen, [of Ohio,] who^e name I send
you as iranked upon a Federal speech directed to me? I do
not know him, and yet he sent me this trash. II you know
him, tell him for ma to send it some pi ice else I do not thank
luni tor his kindness.   It is no go atall!"
Another letter mentions the receipt of "John C.
Clark's pamphlet" as he calls it, in which he
says:
" He speaks of distress and ruin, and hedging subscriptions
to the Madisoman, and promising to funk it to sub¿cubers. Is
that a proper and -unable business for a member of Congress!
What does he mean by "Conservatives!" 1 belie, e it means
those that profess o,ie thing and practise another—pretend to be
Democrats, but act with the Federalists; in Scripture style
" wolves in sheep's cloihmg " I thought there must be some
roguery about th 8 «ome how, and send you a piece of the wrap-
per with the nam., on it—loads of them are sent here, but
people do not read them much, except to condemn them."
I have received several o.her such Communica-
tions—I exhibit  the franks [holding them out] as
sent me, and have no doubt they are genuine a?
they purport.   I am sorry the gentleman from the
Chenango district of New Yotk, as well as well
as all the other gentlemen referred to are out of
their seats, I suppose as good "Christian patriots''
" weeping in   anguish   over   political   pros;ects
blighted," "of hopes crushed," and still busily en-
gaged forwarding cart loads of speeches, &c. to
the "wa'-te place-in the political Zion," furnish-
ing food to political souls that sit in ihe "gloom of
darkness and polimal death." I do not know, how-
ever, why the district I have the honor to repre-
sent here, should be so peculiarly regarded as a
"wast place in the political Zion," as to require to
be "illumined  with   the  light" imponed all the
way fiorn Louis:ana, Connecticut, New York, and
Ohio.   I can assure my friends who have volun-
teered to aid me in ministering to that supposed
"darkregion," that there are gentlemen, residents
there of the same political creed with them, who
would not los  in comparison with the honorable
letter  writing gentleman himself; ard  who con-
sider themselves fully competent to sustain their
creed by every argument of which it is susceptible,
and will certainly not feel very h'shly compliment-
ed by the appellation of "waste place," and "vast
region si'ting in gloom, &c." given to ihe region
within the sphere of  their action—gentlemen for
whom I entertain the highest regard,   and  with
whom, it gives me pleasnre to say, although poli-
tically opposed, I have always associated on the
best terms of personal friendship and confidence.
This I say, as ihey well know, not for the purpose
of conciliating political favor, but as a matter of
justice.   Tnere are in that district three energetic
political jonrnalsof the same creed, the editor of
one of which was a delegate Io the great Harris-
burg Convention in December last.   There are
al.-o ihree banks, c!o«e by one of which, the direc-
tors and their friends some time since raised a
city log cabin, after the manner commenced in this
city and followed out by the bankers in other cities
—the highest evidence, I presóme, in the estima-
tion of some, of the streams of political intelligence
and light which flow there.   Besides, I have   my-
selfj not been entirely unmindful of those opposed
to me in  that district, in supplying a number of
them wi'h the mofl approved speeche*, bought at
my own expense, in opposition to this very bill, at
least np to the time when I learned that others had
volunteered that service.    I suppose it is not my
place to inquire, yet I could scarcely avoid asking,
if the gentlemen wers here, how the expenses of
printing, &c. of such loads of speeches are paid?
The speeches I have sent to my constituents have
cost me from $2 to  $3 per hundred, and at that
rate, my kind friends must have expended large
sums to enlighten the "dark region" and "was'e
place" I represent, and I do not know I shall re-
pay them that, besdi their entire time devoted to
my constituents instead of their own, in sending
correct information among them. Ferhaps the
banks could tell some hing about this. By some
of the envelopes s-ent t) me, I discover there must
be clerks employed, as the endorsements are in a
different hand writm? from the írank¿, and all that
my friends seem to have to do, is, to write their
names.
I shall not now enter into any discussion of the
propriety or impropriety and indelicacy of an ho-
norable^ memlrr writing, and having printed for
circulation, a circular letter impea<hi g the con-
duct and impugning the motives and hrnor of his
fellow-members, applying to their act* and conduct
reproachful and disrc-pect'ul terms, suchas "pliant
tools," "minions ami slaves of power," "doing the
bidding of their master, &c."—designating them
either by name or other means by which they may
be clearly known, and sending cart loads of such
circular, either with cr without an "and elsewhere,"
which like my Lord Litttleion's &c. covereth a
great deal, into a district represented by one thus
designated, even out of hi-  own State. I leave
that to be determined by those who are ca-
pable of distinguishing between an honorable act
and the contrary. It has perhaps one merit;
that of novelty. I never knew it done be-
fore. I have never done so myself, nor do
I believe the intelligent constituency whom
I represent, of any party, would justify or even
excuse me in thus devoting my time and attention
here, nor consider it a part of my public duties;
others of cour.-e act for themselves, according to
their own sense of propriety and duty.
In this letter, and other speeches and documents,
with which the country has been flooded, by the
untiring efforts of those opposed to this measure
and the Administration, its friends have been re-
presented as utg.ns it on the ground that it would
reduce the prices of products and wages of labor.
As slated in the letter of one of my correspondent 
in relation to Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Davis, the
measure is charged as having the effect of injuring
the laboring portion of society—this is rebutted by
the friends of the bill, by showing that whatever
opeiatton it shall have upon the general currency,
is to render it more regular and steady, and conse-
quently affording a greater protection to the work-
ing classes and small dealers, who have not tbe
means of anticipating the fluctuations to which an
unlimited and unrestrained paper circulation is
subject. Those who make the charge, instead of
furnishing the proof or argument to sustain it, or
to demc nstrate any error m the reply to it, turn
round and represent their very charges which they
themselves have made, as the arguments used by
those upon whom they have made them. Is this
fair? No honest man will say it is. Sir, I deny
that it is either the object or Ihe effect of this bill to
injure the wages of labor, but on the contrary to
improve and better their condition, by averting the
alternate expansions and contract'ons of bank pa-
per circulation. It is a settled maxim of political
economy, proved by long experience, that none
suffer so much from the changes in the amount of
ciiculating medium as the laboring men—their
wages are the last To rise by an expansion, and
among the first to fall by a contraction. The
effect of an expansion upon the laboring classes
is beautifully and truly illustrated by Pre-
sident Jackson in his last annual message, from
which I extract this sentence:
"It is not until the prices of the necessaries of life become so
dear that the laboring classes cannot supply their wants out of
their wages, that their wa?es rise, &c."
The effect of the contraction is equally unjust
to them—one effect of this measure, as we believe,
will be to correct this to some extent at least. That
the circulation has been reduced since 1837 by the
contractions of the banks upwards of #40,000,000
we have seen—the necessary effect of this is to re-
duce prices, (and a? has been shown, it would have
been much worse with a United States Bank,) and
this is the ruin and distress which has been pre-
sented to the country in such glowing colors—tbe
effect, as the orators and letter writers will hare it,
of the Independent Treasury, not yet passed
