June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
e?5
26th ConG"..1st. Sbs .
Independent Treasury—Mr. Hubbard.
H. of Reps.
law.   Why this alarming picture of rain and gene-
ral calamity and distress which we find in the let-
ters, speeches, and documents, sent all over the
country?   Is it for the purpose of producing discon-
tent in the poblic mind, and inducing the persua-
sion wiih the people ihat they cannot be placed in
a worse situation by a change of men and mea-
sures, and that they can thus be induced ignorautly
and unthinkingly to   rush in desperation into a
change, without inquiring into the principles of
those who urge the induction of an Administration,
whose principles are withheld from the public eye,
and who rely upon the meritorious grounds alone
of a generous confidence?   Is it for the same rea-
son, and with the expec'ation of misleading the
people, that the expenses of the Government for
the last few years are paraded in almost every
speech    sent    abroad,    in    unfavorable  com-
parison with   those   of twelve  or  fifteen   years
since?     Who does not   know,   upon a limited
reflection   and    knowledge    of    our   Constitu-
tion, that the  mere  aggregate   amount of the
expenses of the Government is no evidence of ex-
travagance or profligacy of the Executive branch,
nor indeed against any of the branches of the Go-
vernment?   In order to furnish any gronnds of
charge against the Executive, it is necessary to
show one of two things; either that there was no ap-
propriation by law to warrant the expenses, or that
there was a waste or injudicious application of the
money.   Has either been attempted?   It is not
pretended.   For one, I protest against a charge pre-
ferred against the Executive, which implies a sur-
render of the rights and powers of this body, and
for the exercise of which the legislature alone is re-
sponsible; were the propriety and policy of the
legislation by which the expenses were incurred,
strictly examined, it could be satisfactorily shown
that the great increase of pensions, the improve-
ment of harbors, your ten millions for the Florida
war, the payment of the debt of the District of Co-
lumbia, and numerous other large items since 1828,
were all necessary and proper—and if any one of
those who have raised this charge against the Pre-
sident will point out a single appropriation, to
which h  objects, I shall undertake to show that it
was voted for by a majority of their own party
friends in this body.
I hasten to conclude—I entertain no doubt of the
passage of this bill—the people have decreed it, and
it will be done; I believe those who are to come
after us wilt heartily approve it—folly appreciate
and long enjoy the blessings of an Independen'
Treasury.                                                           ,
SPEECH OF MR. HUBBARD,
OF  ALABAMA.
¡n tiie Heuse *f Representatives, June
the Independent Treasury
Mr. Chairman: Sinful man has in
at all times been found nn willing t<
duty, and "earn bis bread in the swej
Scheme after scheme his been triet
'the burden from ourselves, and to
others; and the few have ever Sought to ru'e and
plunder the many. And for this purpose every
age has had sc me strong, deep, and powerful move-
ment, that has, as it were, marked the era, and
given a peculiar stamp upon the history of
the nations for toe' time- Kingcraft and priest
«xaft have each had their day of undisputed plunder.
They have tried it singly, and tried united, and
they have been compelled to take into copartnership
every powerful interest which has grown op in the
midst, and which had the same object in view.
The first has grounded a claim to power under the
pretext of protecting the perrons, whilst the other
has vainly presumed to save the souls of the multi-
tudes they robbed. Every passion in the human
bosom has been appealed to and called into action,
to aid them in their purpose?. At times they resort
to war and conquest; a?ain to the more quiet, but
sore sure method of plundering their own people;
armies are us? d as instruments in the one, and
courts, sheriffs, bailiffs, and tithe-gatherers in the
«ther.
■ The art of printing having exposed the fraudu-
lent pretensions of kiBfemft and priestcraft, these
place
plunderers of nations have united their art with
what they have pleased to call the great paper
credit system—the art of making mere paper pass
as money—and this, sir, may properly enough be
termed bankcratt, for it is emphatically the age of
corrupt banking, the issuing of paper bills to circu-
late as meney, when in fact and truth those who
put them out have no money—ihe art of making
something valuable to support idleness and luxury,
out of that which has no value—not malting wealth
or property by labor, but usin? paper bills to trans-
fer the wealth and labor of the niul itudes to the
uses of the few, without labor—sponging up the
Iruits of (oil and industry, and squeezing it out into
the lap of luxury, fraud, and chicanery.
No language, sir, is too strong to mark our re-
probation of the practice of banking without capi-
tal, or above the capital. It is a corrnpt system of
the present age, where all the ingenuity of the great-
est talent has been called into exercise for the pur-
pose of obtaining from property holders and la-
borers the greatest possible amount of their earnings
and poistsaions, and to let them know as little as pos-
sible how it is managed. And, sir, whilst this has
been going on, it has aUo been part of the scheme
to excite in the minds of the multitude such an ad-
miration for wealth, and even the appearance of
wealth, as to induce them to overlook the means by
which it has been obtained; and they therefore the
more readily submit to the plunder, without at-
tempting to examine the system.
I propose now to examine the system, and to
show beyond question the impossibility of multi-
plying money by paper bills, and to make such
bills circulate instead of real money, and answer
its purposes, where there is no real money; or to
make them circulate in amounts exceeding the real
money of the country, without inflicting certain
and inevitab'e injury upon laborers and holders of
property, and the gradual and eventual prostration
of both. It may enrich the paper man, but cannot
benefit either the laborer, or the man who has pro-
perty liable for debts, and which can be taken to
sati-fy executions. I propose now to make* this
proof; and to give the friends of banks on this floor
a fair opportunity of answering, if able, my argu-
ments. I will make my statements so plain and
simple, that if I err or mistake, the most common
understanding shall see my error.
I therefore take my friend from South Carolina,
{Mr. Rooras,] the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Hill.] who sits by me, and is a bank man, and my-
self, and suppose that we three set oat in life to-
gether, under just such laws as we now have, but
without banks, and that each had worked for and
obtained one dollar, with which we could, by lend-
ing it out one year, gain six cents apiece. Now if
we should be equally prudent and industrions, we
would get along pretty much alike, if no improper
interference should take place to give one the adr
vantage. But let Government imeriere, and make
me a banker, with power to issue three paper d >1-
lars out on interest for my one dollar; exempt my
private property from pacing my corporate debt-*,
whilst their property continued liable for their
debts; let me pay my taxes in my paper, and make
them pay theirs in specie or in my notes; and,
finally, give me the use of their taxes as well as
that of the whole community, to lend out again
three for one, and put the interest into my own
pocket, the gentlemen will soon discover how fast
I shall become rich and elevated by corporate
power, whilst themselves and the community be-
come poor and degraded by its plundering effects.
I turn my dollar into three of paper, and lend for
eighteen cents, and I pay my taxes with my own
paper; these gentlemen, who were just a little while
ago my equals, can now only lend their dollar for
six cent?, and must pay their taxes in specie, or
bow down to me and pay me tribute for my notes
to pay their taxes. If they pay specie, it comes
into my hands, and I lend out for my private gain
three times the amount in my notes. Would the
gentlemen quietly kok on and bear it in their own
cases? If not, how can they make their constitu-
ents bear such injustice?
But, sir, ibis is not all. If it requires five of
their six cents interest to support them, and five
cents to support me, they would have each one
cent left, wh I t, fam t i .
have thirteen; I vv u'd l!:ei .
all the advan'. ge> iro-a iis-■•
of the ommi ruty for n y ¡ ¡
teen times as much income !'
by law, couiJ ¿,et ft r the "--
the scale of ¡...poruue.', mi
aii:
je .
the
w.t■ jr.
oai my
■1 wo '!
'.'oilnr, 1 would
j ;i,.i!cer, besides
r ipxcs  and  that
jr.!... have thlr-
d .'lar as they,
', Iberefore, in
w a th is con-
cerned, become cqa--! t > i.i r et!. ?u h >. •::. V/ u'd
they like thai? 1 thiiJ: ?._£. E'it. «-ir, cad at, th.s
may appear, it is not thy \vm t (>a:t o*' tie ease;
for let anj calamity happei ' > h. ui, y wh.ch-hry
casnotmeet a <l«.bl w.„.eu f ¡ s • ue, iheir house.-',
lands, stock, and implements o: trade or husbandry,
aie kviad upon and sj!" to i </ ¡Le '-bt, whilst "a
run," as it is called, upo i i _, huiir, takes out my
dollar to the fir=t one u '.o c- Is l\ ■ ii with my note,
and my priiale pupuity cannot bs touched for my
corporate debt; ihe ho ders, therelore, of the other
two paper bil's go unpaid uotü the people I loaned
pay me. If tney pay promptly, they frequency
have to suffer great losses, in forcing property into
the market; if ihey don't p^y promptly, the bills de-
preciate, and the holüets sutler the lcs, but I still
get my full interest. If they never pay me a cent,
the bank breaks, the ho'dei; of the bil s are swin-
dled, but my p. i vate property being exempt from
corporate debts, I remain unharmtd amidst the
pressure and ruin created for my excluí.ve benefit.
The same note? having been in active circulation,
may hare been the cause of many debts and trans-
fers of property, out of wh.ci transactions suits
spring up, costs accrue, executions issue, specie be
demanded, and a community sacrificed, whilst I
am sufe and snug, my private property bought,
perhaps, with the-e corporate notes, exempt by pri-
vilege from sale. Would the gentleman from
Virginia like this? And were ha the holder of my
bills, in such caees, would he still adaeie to the sys-
tem? Would he be wjling to see me grow rich
thirteen tiroes as fa^t as him.^eK and neighbor*,
upon the same c&pi.al, by a pi ivi'ege conferred
upon me, and denied to thtm? Or would be bear
to see me not upon luxuries win h weje ihe frui's
of his and their taxes, extorted from their hafd
earning* by corporate privileges, and the u-e given
to me, whdbt I would not even pay my corporate
debts? Would he bear the working of the system
in all of its enonnit.es, as here de-cribed? And
wou.d he imp se it on his e ¡nstituents aid posteri-
ty? I know he will say t! ¿i he wou d not, it the
system worked as I hare stated; but t.e will deny
that it does so operate, and that three to one is too
much to issue. Very v/e'l, sir; let hin have it t\vo
to one, and I make seven cents clear to his one
cent; aud if only one and a half to one, I make four
cents to his one; in which I should only be equal to
seven such men, or Tour sucn men as he, a* the
case m ght be. In mv opinion, s>r, then; is no grade
of intellect which can success ul'y ovarbrow or re-
fute the position  here laid down; and I challenge
the gentleman fiom Viigmii, and the whole of the
friends of paper issues toi c .cu; .tn.a s mo ley, to
deny their correctness in p-¡ncip~.e. Tney may al-
lege that I have over es.imvted the extent of the
evils; but none can tru'y d°nv but that the inherent
mischief in the sy.-tem i'self is in proportion tp the
excess of paper issued abo-'c the amount of capital
held. Aud, sir, <wbiM they maintain that thiee to
one is too high an estimate, 1 allege that it docs not
exceed the average rate of banking in the United
States; and when jou con iler that this re a'es to
what i* called honest bmkins only, if you will in-
clude all sort's, you will find that instead of over es-
timating the sys'em, ,1 have not even more than
hinted at its enormities.                          _     '*
And let me here rem«rlr, that the principle i* ">e
same, whether the money employed iñ banking be
one dollar, a million, or hundreds of millions;
whether the power, privileges, anij exemptions are
conferred upon one, an hundred, or Thousand per-
sons, or whether the tanking is done under a char-
ier from a sirgb State, or the United States. The
effect upon labor and property is the same, to the
extent it is carried onj and to d.sputc here among
ourselves, which is best, or which ought lo have
the people's taxes to su.tain and strengthen them,
with the view of protec ing our constitutnts'agatnst
the mischievous' action of the others, would be
about as wise en our part as a set of farmsrs and
