Juné, 1840.
APPENDIX -ÍO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
2&TH Cong.......Ibt Sets.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Hubbard.
H. of Repg.
regu'ator, having devoured or subdued the other
banks of the country, kindly took the affairs into
its hands-, and  when,  according  to the poetry
of my collepgae, the Geniu* of Plenty appeared in
our land, and began to distribute her favrrs smong
our peoplr; which was continued until  1832, be-
ing a period of eight years, when  she   became
frightened at Gen. Jackson's veto, and let fall her
horn, and fled from the land, and, according to the
fancy of my colleague, won't come back again un-
til you build ber another maible palace, and put
the people's taxes into it, that she may again dis-
tribute them "ever and anon, to her favorites."
But it is woi'ul, Mr. Chairman, to have to relate
what, according to "Whigery, has happened since
that veto; for although the country was then ruin-
ed, past all cure, it has been ruined seven times
s;nce: First, by the removal of the deposites; se-
cond, by the Specie Circular; third, by electing Mr.
Tan Buren President, and four times more by this
bill, which proposes to break off all connection be-
tween the Government and banks, and which, sir,
has so much alarmed those who want the public
taxes to live upon, and who will have to go to work
if they cannot get them.   This I think is abcut a
fair statement of the condition of things and opi-
nions during the rei?n cf the regulator, and since.
I will now go back and shoar what the bank
made for its stockholders by its charter; what out
of the deposites; and what the managers and great
borrowers probably made out of planters, farmer*,
and others, by making money scarce and buying,
and then making it plenty and   selling.   I don't
say that the managers did do this, but they have
been charged with it, and their loans and discounts
have been so made as to lead to this conclusion;
and they certainly had  the power, and if they did
not use it, they might have done so successfully.
The first  great operation   was of  the   stockjob-
bing class.    It was a scheme of  the   Bank di-
rectors, to raise the price of the stock very high,
to sell out for profit.   For this purpose, an agent
was sent to London, who   was directed to   pro-
vide for  the   payments   of  the   dividends   due
upon stock held in England, at that place, at the
risk and expense of the Bank.   The Government
and citizens of the Uniud S*ates did not by this ar-
rangement receive as much dividend on their stock,
by the difference in exchange, as foreigners, which
carried much of the stock abroad, and it was run
np to one hundred and fifty-six dollars per share,
ol one hundred paid in.   The parties, whose views
were accomplished by this operation, sold out, and
made the rise in price by the speculation.   And if
they sold the.greater part, which is no doubt the
true state of the case, mado some twelve millions
of dollars out of the mere charter of incorporation.
it was soon found that the Bank had been so bad-
ly managed that the stock again fell to ninety-se-
ven dollars on the share, and these who bought at the
high prices found themselves dupes to the amount
of fifty-nine dollars upon each share. This mode of
making millions, by subscribing for stock and sell-
ing it out, is not known to  the farmers and work-
ing people in the TJnied States, upon whoce credit
it was got up; and I question whether the consiitu-
ents of many of us would agree to give them ano-
ther charter for the same pnrpesc.
I know my colleague will talk of the bonus of
one and a half million; but, sir, it is s^en here to
have been but a mere trifle to eive for this
"first haul of the great drag net." The great
regulator, however, got so much out of repar
and «edit by this drag, that it could not make
bat a few dividends until after Mr. Che\ es had
worked upon it seme years, and not then until it
had lo>t to thf  people upwards of two millions on
dividends, that ought and would have been
made for the people, but for the Stockjobbing af-
fair alluded to. In 1824, however, anothtr set of
men began to desire an interest in the public taxes
and the stockholders of the N.t'ional Bank and the
manufacturers united to p'nnder the people, and,
according to the language of the gentleman from
Philadelphia, [Mr. Sergeant,] about the law of
storm*, "when a arrest was once got up and
moving, all similar currents press inwards and up-
wards, bringing whh it all lighter and moveable
materials."   So with ibis movement to get the peo-
pie's taxes—the current was got up for the stock-
holders of the Bank, the manufacturers come next,
and finally States, companies, cities, and districts,
alt pressed inwards to Congress for money. All
were aided by the Bank, because the higher the
taxes, the larger the amount of deposites in the
Bank to be leaned at interest for stockholders; the
higher the taxes upon foreign goods, the higher
manufacturers cou'd sell their work; and higher
the taxes, the more money to divide out in roads,
canals, dry docks, light-houses, and making har-
bors. And the three great currents, of National
Bank, tariff", and internal improvements, having
united into one current, which was called the Ame-
rican system, and which set so strong and steady
for a while that nearly all the money in the Union
was collected and divide! out, statesmen abandon-
ed (he interests of constituents, to ride upon the
storm, which having sp;nt itself, left them a great
distance from the path of duty, and makes it now
so hard to get back.
But let us now look at the effect. Internal im-
provement got of the people's money about twenty-
five millions of dollars, but few of which will ever
return. The Bank got deposites, which they
loaned at interés , as they loaned other mo-
ney, made them between 1817 and 1833, a little
upwards cf forty-fcur millions; and no one can
tell how much the tariff made to the manu-
facturers. It is sufficient to state, that from
1816 to 1840, dividing the time into three
periods of eight years each, the first would com-
promise the period agreed upen by a'l hands as
the one when the Bank had no control, bjing the
period of time when it was badly conducted, the
next eight years, from 1824 U 1832, when the
Bank was vetoed, the Bunk bad undisputed «¡wa);
and had two high tariffs to raise money, and put
in its vaults; the next period of eight years, from
the veto until the present year, has been fi.lrd with
Whig lamentations and cries of distress. Now,
let us see what it is all about; what facts have they
to bellow about. Cotton, tobacco, and flour, in
the United States sold for almost double the pnce
between 1816 and 1824, which was given from
1824 to 1832, and sold for greatly more from 1832
to 1840 than from 1824 to 1832. All of the sta-
ples were lower in 1831, before the veto of the
Bank, than they have been during either of the pe-
riods named. This is not all, sir; the tables of
prices on our tables, made up from merchants
books in Mobile, Boston Philadelphia, and Fayet e-
viile, Nonh Carolina, durirg those periods, n t
only show'these fact?, which no one can dispute,
but we have proof also negroes were lower, by an
average of nearly two hundred dollars per head,
during the greater part of the undisputed sway of
the Bank and tariffs. But, sir, there are more and
better proofs jet behind. Your custom-honss
books, showing the commerce of ths nation, show
the same facts. In South Carolina and Georgia,
the value of their exports were as follows:
From 1816 to 1824,   Georgia,            $52,636,717
Do                 South Carolina,    68 341,842
From 1824 to 1832   Georgia,
Do                 South Carolina,
Do                 Alabama,
$120.978 559
35,742,052
63 614,600
11,653,759
$111,010,408
And from 1832 to 18#, Georgia,        $68,927,501
Do                     South Carolina, 89 000 000
Do                     Alabama,         48,317,261
$206 244,762
making the exports of Grorgia and Soath Caroli-
na alone, from 1816 to 1824, exceed that of the
same States, with Alabama added, from 1824 to
to 1832, by near'y ten millions of dollars, and
making the exports from the three S'ates in the last
period exceed that of the middle period upwards of
ninety-five million ; which prove that the Genius
of Plenty, of whose kindncs my colleague spoke
in such e'oquent strains, if she did bestow her fa-
vors so bountifully, it was only among her bank,
tariff and internal improvement favorites. She
never got South with her horn, if we are to believe
the dry naked tables of facts and figures, presented
by merchants' sale books and custom-house re-
turns.
It may be asked, Mr. Chairman, how I account
for the present period oí great embarrassments? It
is plain and easy to a man who has looked on, and
di^po-ed to five his mind fair play. The first great
period oí bank expansions, from 1817 to 1824, made
the people extravagant, as they always will be when
they can get money abundantly without working for
it, and when their lamilies can buy goods abundant-
ly on long credits. This was the harvest of papér mo-
ney jobbery but our foreign debt got so large that
bank paper ceased to be worth any thing abroad,
and specie was demanded; our banks broke, our
credit abroad was stopped, and our people had to
work the nation out of debt. In 1832, our people
had got out of debt, and property began to rise in
value, asa na'ural effect, and credit again return-
ing, it assun d the bankers of another harvest, when
the United S ates Bank and all other.', began to
lend th-ir notes for inteiest, and with the slight
interruption of the panic of 1834, on the removal of
the deposites, with the view of getting them back
again ti the Bank, the regulator and all others
strove to see which could extend the credit system
farthest, until the people, becoming again extrava-
gant, bought every thing they wanteij, instead of
working for it, and the debt abroad, becoming
great, as befuw, a run on the banks, suspension of
specie payments, a loss of credit abroad was the
consequence, and there is no way to get out but for
the people to work out as they did from 1824 to
1832. They have been at that since 1837—no
banks can help them that could not lend them mo-
ney at moderate interest, from year to year, and
banks cannot do that now; and any disturbance,
such as a National Bank, would only make things
worse, for itcould not start into operation without
capital. It cannot get specie otherwise than the
late Bank did. It must break up the other banks,
and distress the people, who should be indulged as
long as possible. Property ought not to be brought
down suddenly, as it would be in putting a bank
into operation, which would draw the precious me-
tals from every part of the nation, and put them
into one heap, compel all of our banks in Alabama
to wind up, and ruin our people.
I will now, sir, attempt to show what the mana-
gers and borrowers of the late bank and branches
probably made out of the flour, tobacco, cotton,
and other great articles of production in the
country, i rom 1825 to 1832, for this is the geri-
od at which the Bank was in the t>est' condi-
tion; the high Tariff had filled her vaults with pub-
lic taxes, and the precious metals, as her returns
show. It is well known that many of her mana-
gers, especia'ly in the branches, were large ship-
pers and dealers in the great staples of the coun-
try, and had undisputed control over her loans.
It is known that our crops, the great articles of cot-
ton and tobacco, and in the Western country ihe
flour and pork, come info market in the winter
months. Now, Senate Document 128, twenty'Jlfth
Congress, will probably shed some light'On jfcl£ hi-
therto mysterious subject—our planters átwayshád
a notion that he who could ''hold on" until sum-
mer, couM get a g:od price forh's cotton, and thoa-1
sands upon thousands have b en paid ft  commission
merchants, to enable thim to hold on. But by far
the grca'er portion of these articles are sold from
November to May. Now, one would think that a
great na'ional institution, having credit all ovef the
world, fed and supported by the people's taxes,
would be bound to extend them the Helping hand
precisely at the time the products of' (heir labor
were in market, and would expect to find the loans
greatest in the winter and spring months; but so far
is this from being true, that the loans, every one of
the j ears from 1825 to 1833, were less by millions
at the January half year than at the July half year.
Here is ihe book, sir, containing the bank returns.
Curtailments take place precisely at the times our
crops are in market, and must iherefore sell lower,
from the scarcity of money; and expansions are
found to hav  taken place prec^ely at the time of
year th t  «*  "ho was * lar5e de&fer WW &ty
