June, 1840.____________
26th Cong.... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE1
679
Independent Treasury—Mr. Hubbard.
H. of Reps.
would be carried out for the excess; and having to
pay cash upon the landtns of the goods, the slight-
est excess of importat on, above the wants of ihe
country, would instantly be felt; and as the efftcts
would fall upon them immedia'ely, before they
could get the goods o.t in the country, and sell
them off to the country merchants, they would as
instantly obey this great law of trade; they would
instantly look to the produce of the country, and
not bank loans, for means, and never import mors
foreign goods than crops and other exports of the
country would pay, lest a run be made on their
banks for specie, and their stocks come down, to-
gether with their profits on banking. • The cotton
big, therefore, would be looked to, and lake pre-
cedence of the bank bill, being good all over the
work), and the bank bill only good at home, tor
which it was alone intended.
I know, sir, that at first this will go hard with
our merchants; it will give them some trouble in
labor, bnt will save them a great deal of s'.eep,
which, I fear, many of them lose as I do when
I get a notice that ' grace is out on my note;" bnt
it will restore business to its natural course, anJ
will shake off a host of dependants who live
upon public taxes; and I therefore support it as
a great measure of deliverance and liberty; as
a measure, securing to the people that power in
the Government intended by our fathers giving
value to the right of suffrage, by preventing the
sale of that right, for twenty years at a ttma, for a
miserable bonns, a mere mess of pottage.
Do you believe, sir, that those who framed the
Constitution ever intended that we should have a
National Bank? Don't you know that bank paper,
ia any shape, alwavs ha«, and always will, bring a
people in deb ? Would they, then, «ho had toiled
so long for our liberties, in the same Constitution,
have been gniliy of the madne.s and folly of pro-
ridiDg a system, of all others calculated to drive
specie out of the coun ry, and bring us in debt; and,
albo, at the same time declaie that noihing but gold
and silrer should pay a debt? No, sir; they bad
too much wisdom to be charged with such folly,
and too much patriotism to have been suilty ot
such wickedcers. I will believe no one «ho makes
the charge against them.
Now, sir, it I have shown that a National Bank
is unconstitutional or dangerous to liberty, and that
this bill is constitutional, safe, and beneücial, as a
mode of collecting, keeping, and paying out the
public moneys, I shall, in the hour allotted to me
this evening, have lulty answered the two days'
speech of my colleague, [Mr. Dxllst,] and his
forty-one reasons against Mr. Van Buren's re-elec-
tion, which will all, probab'y, be f <und to have
originated in bis pledge to veto a National Bank.
Bat tor the Piesident's opposition to this gre.it ma-
chine, my colleague, together with the greater por-
tion of his party, would fall into ranks, and would,
without doubt, pronounce him the raost courteous,
gentlemanly, and talented statesman who ever yet
fitted the Presidential chair.
It has reconciled the Opposition to Mr. Madison.
They had forgtven him for carrying on the war
against Eagland. But Mr. Jeffer>on, who lived
and died an enemy to corporate privilege, has (al-
though he wrote our Declarat on oí Independenc-)
never been forgwen. They want some man who
can persuade the people that they are suffer ng
more than any people ever suffered letore, and, by
that means, bring the voters and P.evident to fiive
them another chance to demand the labor of all
the plough horses and all of the plougmea in the
Union, together with the keeping of the mill, and
some to take single or double toil, at pleasure.
There is, however, so much error, so artfully
mixed np and plausibly told, in my colleague's
speech, that it may bs thought incumbent upon
me to examine and expose it. I i-hall not have
time to answer that part which rests upon assertion,
matters of opinion, or denunciation; but where
he comes to facts and figures, and founds his
argument upon these, I shall attempt a brief
reply.
He supposes that in seven'een years, from 1816
to 1833, there was used, in carrying on the
tannest of the nation, one hundred and sixty mil-
Uoni of dolían, vhjfiii bad to chug* hand? at
least five times every > ear, and that the r'ome tic
exchanges on that money, without a National
Bank, would have been < isht millions each time,
which he sajs, wou d amount to iutty millions a
year, and in seventeen year*, to upuaids of six
hundred nvllions, which he alleges was saved by
the late bank to the people, besides $23 74U,82i)
saved to the Government, be ng five per cent on
the revenues. (See his speech, pages 14 and 15)
My colleague says that "every Lico Foco will at-
tempt to ndicule his calculation;" but, he sats,
"make the calculation, and the result cannot be
be ridiculed of laughed to scorn "
Now, as my colleague has made the same calcu-
lations on page 16 of his speech, to show what he
pretends the peop e are now losing for want of a
regulator, and that the passage of this bill will give
to brokers and shavers forty millions a year, and
has mide this calcula.ion the frame woik of a two
days' speech, I will, in a few words, take this frame
to pieces, and show, beyond question, that it de-
serves noc only ridicule by those he ca'ls Loco
Focos here, bul ihat there is not a sheriff or a con-
stable in the Union, accus'omed to handling and
changing bmk notes, who cannot answer and
laugh to scorn this effort of the great Whig leader
in debate, on the project of recommending to the
country the establishment of a National Bank.
We will begin with the item which he says was
saved to Government at the rates of $1 390,636
per annum. In this he mixes up and confuses the
two subjects of discount on bank paper, and th-it
of exchange; exchange being nothing but the cost
of transportation, and insurance of gold and «liver,
from once place to another, and never could be
cha-ged upon a larger sum than bad to be sent
away, from the place where collected to the p'ace
where it is to be used. For mstince, thj large "-urns
collected ai New York, and paid out at that place,
woold piy no exchange whatever; so at Boston,
Pmladelphia, Baltimore, Charles'on, Richmond,
Norfolk, Savannah, Mobile, New Or.eans, St.
Louis, and all the smaller places of collection
throughout the Union. And as the armies and na-
vies, and other charges on the Government, ate
nearly all at those points, it is clear that upon the
greater portion of the revenue no exchange could
be charged, and the whole of this mighty sum
dwindles into comparative insignificance; for ex-
change on speci', or the notes of specte-paung
banks, (the only money the Government would
ever receive,) could never averaae ab' ve two per
cent, upon the amount actually sent off from the
place collected. Yet my colleague having made
this blunder the foundation of his building, goes on
to show how the people would )o*e yearly at the
same rate; and not only adopts this as the rate of
exchange, and asserts that it will be charged on all
of their transactions, but he has made this fur-
ther extraordinary discovery, to wit: that if a
¡| man had a hundred dollar bill, which was worth
I' but ntneiy-five dollars in mmey, and it is change I
lj five i mes, it loses forty dollars; consequently, if
¡j you were to change it twenty times, it would, ac-
|| cording to his argument, a 1 be lost; for he says
¡j that one hundred and sixty million's, chanped five
H times in the year, loses forty millions; and that if
11 the same bank notes were used for seventeen years,
1 tlvy would lose upwards of six hnrdrtd rm lions.
'l Now, this beats any thing I ever heard of yet, not
excepting the case of the three Chinese j'ugglers,
who visited our coun'ry some years ago. to er-
h.bit their wonderful siull at deception. Meshech
came first upon the stage, when Shadrach ran
out and swallowed him; then Abednego came and
swallowed the two; and bung left with nothing
else to swallow, turned a flip-flip somerset and
swallowed himself. My colleague has so far beat-
en this, that he has mae'e one hundred and six'y
mill ons of dollars, in bank bills, not only swallow
themselves, but also eat up four hundred and forty
millions in addition; a id 1 have no doubt but that
he can prove it by all of the Whigs in the Union
who witnessed the performance.
Now, seriously, Mr. Chairman, Í9 there a con-
staba in the Union who does nut know that if he
buys a hundred dollar bill for ninety-five dollars,
and it suffers no further depreciation, that he has
.. Wftety-fiye dollars, in money eytry time it if
changed thereafter; if he changed it a thousand
times in the year, it would lose but the five dollars.
Th-re is another answer m relation to the great cry
ot brokers and shavers being about to have such a
harvest if we past th s Ivll. It is this, sir; they un-
derhand well thur own business; and the great
brokers and shavers are all Whigs, against this
bill, and for a Un ted States Bank.
There are two objections raised by my colleague
agams' the bill,   not founded upon his calculations
just leferred to.    The first is, that if you pass this
bill, you reduce the price of wages, and men won't
work.   The second i , that it will have an unfavo-
rab'e effect upon the education of the youth of the
country.   My own observation has satisfied ma
that  both  objections aru unfounded.   The great
amount of bank issues has evidently multiplied the
idlers of the country, and every experienced teacher
in the country will tell you that boys supplied with
money will not study as long as they can get au
opportunity of spending it.   And, sir, these, and
such as ihese, are the reasonings gentlemen bring
forward hete and publish,  to go out among a na-
tion, to induce them to give their liberty into the
keeping of a few bank directors.    It is true, they
cry out diftres*, and beg the people to change the
Adminis'rat on; but it is eqoa'ly true, that their
own  system has brought   the distress   upon  us.
Have they not concealed the facts of the case from
the people, to induce them to change?    Has not
the public press, to a great extent, aided them in
this cry against the Government, to divert the pub-
lic attention from this system, practised by the
plunderers of millions?   Have the people not been
told that the world could not supply specie for
needful business, for the purpose of keeping them
quiet, and making them labor for the paper makers?
Have they not been told that the country never
suffered so much for money before; and that prices
were never so low as now?   Have they ever been
told by the bankites that prices were lower in 1831
than at any other time since the United States Bank
was chartered, and that there had then been no veto
by General Jackson?   Why don't they tell or admit
this fact to fee psople ?   Why don't they tell them
that crops from farms did not bring, from 1824 to
1832, when the Bank had full sway, as much mo-
ney, by hundreds of millions, as the same articles
would sell for either the eight years afterwards or
the eight years before?   Why did they not tell tha
Sontnern p ople that the produce of South Carolina
and Georgia, from 1816 to 1824, was worth, and
sold, f( r nearly ten millions of dollars moie money
than  the crops of tha same States,  with Ala-
bama added in, during the   eight yean which the
regulátor reigned undisturbed; and that the crops,
the eight years after the veto, from the three States,
nearly sold for double what they did during nation-
al bank dominion? Why don't they tell the people
tha cau<e of distress and low prices in 1831, if they
know the cause?   If they did not know, then, bow
do they know now?   They did not charge it to the
Government, then, for the bank and Government
were partners in using the public taxes.   What
right have they now to charge the present low
prices and distress to the want of a national bank,
when prices were so much lotier Ufe eight years
the bank was in full blast, and when prices are now
lower aad dis'ress grea'er in England, where they
have, than here, where we have no national bank?
They tell the people that it is for want of a nation-
al bank in our country that other banks hare
sprang up among us; when they know that banks
have multiplied in England, where they base one
much stronger than ours.   They tell the people
that a national bank here would keep down over-
banking and overtrading.   At the same time they
know that overbanking and overtrading gees on in
England, and that all of their present distress is
charged to that cause—the royal bank blaming the
smaller banks, and those in turn laying the blame
upon the royal bank—and ttins is England plunder-
ed and starved by them, and her people, like ours,
qrtanelling with each other about which  of the
beasts is most destructive.    I call upoo my col-
league and his Whig friends to tell the people these
things as they actually do exist; to tell them, that
when paper money flooded the country in 1835 and
1991, taat it was the joint action of the bank , boil}
