680
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3 une, 1840.
S6th <?omq......1st Ses*.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Holleman.
H. of Reps.
in England and the United States. Tell them that
it was this that enabled oar merchants to fi 1 our
country with goods upon a credit. Tell them that
more than ten millions of dollars his been spent in
flat carriages, by people who did not need them,
and who would not have thought of buying had
they first labored for the money. Tell them
how many millions mort wore laid out in gold
watches and other jewellery, and the still more
millions in a variety of other artic'es of furniture,
needless to a Republican peop'e, and the names of
which were not even known to citizens now using
them, a doxen years ago. Tell them that all of
these things have brought them in debt, and that
they have got to work out, and not to give up their
liberty to bankers, with the vain and foolish belief
that they will help them out. Tell them, if they
do, that they will still not only have to work out of
debt, bat that iht nation will a ho, as they did be-
fore, have to work for money for these bankers to
pay their stock with. Tell all these things as they
truly exist, and no people upon earth would dream
of again setting such a machine as a National Bank
in motion.
I have, Mr. Chairman, a few general remarks
to make to the old, experienced portion of this
Honse, and I shall close. It will be remembered
that, at the gloomiest period of oar Revolution,
Major Andre, a British officer, was sent into our
army to try the effect of gold upon its officers, and
that he found a general whose extravagant habits
and ambitions feelings induced him to agree to sell
his country for the means of gratification. You
will remember that this same officer, on his return
to the British headquarters, was arrested by three
soldiers, whose whole property was not worth a
month's pay of the general; and yet, sir, all the
gold which Major Andre could offer was not
sufficient to procure his release. Here is a case
'for the deepest reflection of the statesman.
Extravagant habits, we are told, had cor-
rupted Arnold, and though a general, he
would sell and betray his country for the means of
gratification, whilst the three plain living soldiers
had a higb-souledpatriotism, a devoton to liberty,
that gold could never bay. And, sir, is this sys-
tem of paper money again to be set up in our land,
•to make our people extravagant, and corrupt their
principles? Are they already so far gone that, like
Arnold, they will sell their liberty, and that of their
children after mem, for a little more paper money?
I do not believe it. I know, sir, that paper money
is not needed to add to our happiness, or our devo-
tion to our country. Where I grew up we had,
until after the late war, but little, if any, paper mo-
ney. Our people had an abundance of every thing
our country produced—dollars were, it 13 tru*, not
very plenty with us, and were cat up fer change,
but we were rich in patriotism—and when the
' blast of war came upon our land, the question was
not who should go, but who should be left at home;
and fajnn Rutherford county, Tennessee, alone,
eleven companies were out m service together—a
larger amount, in proportion to the population, than
ever yet left a bank district voluntarily on such an
errand. Well, sir, when 5ome of thece young men,
who marched to New Orleans, after a bard and
fatiguing journey, arrived at the place of destina-
tion, lagged, fatigued, and disfigured with pine
smoke, they were called upon to meet the enemy in
their ragged condition, upon the first landing of his
forces. The camp of the British commander was
charged on the night of the 23d of December, 1814,
and seme fifteen or twenty of these young men,
from General Coffee's brigade of volunteers, were
wounded and made prisoners, and kept in the
British lines. The next morning, whilst they were
lying in their gore, upon a heap of rice s'raw, fur-
nished to keep them from frerziog, a British
officer came among them, and read, first in French,
and (finding he was not understood) then in Eng-
lish, a proclamation, written to induce the French
population in Louisiana to desert our standard
and join theirs. No sotner did those Tennesseans
comprehend his meaning, and that he thought, from
their rarg'd and half-starved appearance, that they
were beggars, who had been forced into service,
than they told him to stop; that they were not beg-
gars, or the boys of the neighborhood, bat soldiers,
who had volunteered and marched more than a
tho-usand mile* to meet them The British officer
said that it was impossible; bat upon being assured
of its truth, by one of them stating what had oc-
curred a few weeks previous at Pensacola, he, in
the presence of the soldiers composing the guard,
indignantly swore that "he would not serve a Go-
vernment that could not clothe him better; that
beggars in England were better dressed than our
President's soldiers." I do not think it out of place
to slate here, sir, ihat the proclamation (written and
published by the British commandrr to induce the
French population, who but a short time had been
citizens of the United Slates, to abandon our stand-
ard and join theirs) did not denounce our Govern-
ment and then President more grossly than I have
heard the Government and our now President de-
nounced on thii floor. The splendor of the British
uniform, the show of the epaulet, the blaze of the
standard of colors, the rich, de* p, and soul stirring
music of the band, were the blandishments held out
to our young men then. We have the grandeur
of Bnt'sh power, her armies, navies, pilaces, cities,
towns, and improvements, pointed out to us on this
floor, as objects worthy of our imitation now.
But, sr, notwithstanding the opprobrium  cast
upon our youth by  this haughty  and   insulting
Briton, intenied no doubt to act upon the minds of
their own soldiers, no sooner had night come, and
these soldiers been   left to  themselves, than they
would come and lie down   among  our  ragged
wounded men, and Ulk with  them all night, de-
siring to knew how they would be treated, if they
cou'dget away and stay in our country.    Our men
were astonished, and askel  them if they  could
leave their country;   and  whether they   had  not
friends and relations, and could  leave them also.
They replied, "that they had relations and friends,
dear to  them as life itself," and a country "the
most lovely   npon   earth,"   and   utterance   was
almost  choked   when    they    spoke;     bat    they
said  "they could   do  nothing   there."     It was
bad Government that drove them from home, and
to get clear of which they were willing to  leave
father, mother, sister, and brother, and come to a
p'ace pointed out to them as a wilderness, and its
inhabitants little better than savages.   And is this
the Government whose navies, armies, structures,
and  establishments, whose funding system, Na-
tional Bank, and national debts, are held out to us
in such glowing colors, as worthy of our imitation?
1, sir, want none of them; a plain Republican form
of Government is good enough far me and mine;
and I have seen enough of the glories of the Bri-
tish system.    It was love of splendor and show that
made Arnold a traitor.    It was bigh-souled   patri-
otism and love of country, in the bosoms of three
poor but honest soldiers,  that saved   a country
from his treason.   It was this same feeling, burning
in the bosoms of the Tennessee youth, that made
them (although their country was poor)   by thou-
sands volunteer in  her defence, and bear the suf-
ferings I have mentioned; and it was the grinding
oppression of the multitudes in England, to create
splendor and abundance for her lords, that indnced
her sons to come out from its splendor, to abide
with us, in our   supposed destitution.    Is not this
trae, sir?   If not, ltt the «late^men here present,
let the men of talents and philosophy, tell what it
was that led the young men of the one country vo-
luntarily to march thousands of miles and expose
themselves upon the field of slaughter, for the de
fence of one, whilst the jou h. of the othpr, who had
been brought thousands of miles in ships, to a sun-
posed wilderness, would desert the standard of the
other, and abandon the r  homes,  never to look
upon such loved objects again.     Was i' not "free
Government"on the one part, and granny and op-
pression on the other?
It was England's whole system of oppressions,
the paper system being i he chief, that has so im-
poverished her people; and, sir, if you will tell Ours
plain truth, they will have none of it among them.
They will remember the sufferings of our Revolu-
tionary fathers; and when you cry "hard times,"
and make panic speeches, to induce them to give
up Republican principles, they will remember the
three poor soldiers, whose love of country was
above price, and they will despise the name of
Arnold, whose love of show made him sell him-
self, and attempt to cell his country, for the means
of gratification. And when you hold out to them
your schemes of national greatness, glory, and
splendor, they will think of that system, in Eng-
land, which first drives her children into armies for
bread, and then to desertion, to better their condi-
tion. And, sir, from the time that our Tennessee
young men lay prisoners in the British camp near
Orleans, I have looked towards  the policy of that
Government as one to bi ihunned by ours. I
know something ot that power, and the cold, cal-
culating, selfish policy which governs her council .
And, sir, among parties at home, I have always
opposed that party which the British aristocracy
desired to s'icceed. They will always be found to
favor those who look more to find out how "power
may be maintained in a Government," rather than
how "liberty may be preserved to a people."
It was this feeling that male me oppose the
second Adamv; and it was this that made me op-
pose General Jackson's proclamation and force bill
—'he first, and 1 believe the only measure of his
that ever received the support of my colleague and
other distinguished politicians of our country.
And it was this feeling that led me again to sup-
port him, for his opposition to this great Govern-
ment machine, "a National Bank." And, sir, be-
cause I know that the Engl sh statesmen are op-
posed to Democratic Republican principles, I will
cling the closer to them. It is because I know thtt
hT Barings and wealthy bankers are opposed to
this great measure—divorcing Bank and State-
that I support it, and conclude that it is for the
good of the country that the bill should pass.
SPEEC
in the Howe
the bill for
bursing of
Mr. HOLI
mittee, and o
promise such
enjoyed   from
MR. HOLLEMAN,
_ F VIRGINIA,
'prenniativts, June , 1840—On
ollecting, safekeeping, and dis-
ublic revenue.
AN next rose to address the com-
rved that although he could not
tellectual entertainment as they had
the gentleman who had just ta-
ken his seat, he would endeavor to present to the
committee a. more practical view of the subject be-
fore it; he could at least assure them that he should
avoid drawing so largely as the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Ravner] had done upon his
imagination; indeed he believed he had not much
talent for that sort of discussion; not that he wished
to disparage or underva'ue brilliant displays of
this kind; they were often highly interesting, and
some times might be useful; but this was not gene-
rally the case, especially in the discussion before a
deliberative assembly, of a subject'eminently prac-
tical in its bearings. I, said Mr. H. go rather for
utility; I like best to deal ia facts and arguments,
leaving rhetorical flourishes and ornament to those
who have more taste for them. Nor shall I suffer
my elf to be drawn into counter denunciations in
reply to such, which had so liberally been hurled
by gentlemen in the Opposition at the heads of all
those in power, from the President downward.
We have heard them a'suled with many oppro-
brious epithet;, many hard names. They have been
called at one time "tyrants," at another "fools."
They have been accused of base and truckling ser-
vility, with obsequious submission to the r.cd and
beck of Execu'ive power. Now, sir, ail this is not
argument. Calling hard namesproves northing; and
the difference is wide between denunciation and de-
monstration. I confess, Mr. Chairman, that I have
been not a little astoni-hed at the taste of honorable
gentlemen. It seems to me strange that ia this
great theatre of national legislation, before the
assembled Representatives of the American people,
they should be so far mistaken as to attempt to
produce conviction by dealing in widespread whole-
sale, indiscriminate, senseless dennnciation. Do
not gentlemen know that this may be retorted upon
themselves with very great force? We have been
called pnhl'C leeches, it is said wr go for the spoils;
that we feast on the blood of the nation; that our
only and ultimate object is pelf; that we are swayed
and turned, and led about by those appliances
which the Executive has in such variety and abun-
dance at his control; that a nod, a wink, the slight-
