Jane, 184Ó.      ________
26th Cong.......1st Sbss.
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
Independent Trtasury—Mr. Holleman.
H. of Reps.
est indication of his will, is enough to make us the
advocates or the opponents of any public measure.
Why, sir, what would be easier than to retort such  ;
language as this?   To call gentlemen on the other
side of the question a horde of hungry wolves,
whose mouths are watering for the emoluments and
spoils of office, and who are prejsing on, in one
eager, rapacious mass, to satiate their ravenous ap-
petites with the good things at the disposal of the
Government?   Experience has taught us to con-
clude, when we hear any individual indulging in
unsparing abuse, or unfounded suspicions of all
around him, that he judges others from the feelings
in ttis own breast, and that from a foul heart go
forth evil words.   I will not charge this upon those
who are so liberal in their imputations on the
fiiends of this bill: its friends and its opponents are
both before the public eye, and the people will
ja^ge between ns.   When the late President was
once called upon to remove an individual from of-
fice, he was said to have remarked: "if the gentle-
men who are so urgent for the removal of this man
from office will convince me that they do not want
the office themselves, I will remove him."   So
bow, if the gentlemen, who so loudly and so bitterly
denounce those in power, can convince the Ameri-
can people that they are not longing after power
themselves, the country may listen .to them, and
perhaps comply with their wishes; but those who
live themselves in fragile glass houses, should re-
member the old proverb, which eminently applies
in this case, and not throw stones.
But no more of this. The bill before the com-
mittee, I need not say, is one of great interest to
the future condition of this country. It has been
ably discussed, and the presumption is, that all
those here present have, ere this, fully made.up
their minds as to what vote they will give. I have,
I most confess.been not a little surprised at hear-
ing gentlemen complain that the advocates of the
bill are in such a hurry to pass it. "Why so much
anx>ety? Why this intemperate, this furious haste
to rush upon a measure of such grave importance?"
Will gentlemen look back, for a moment, to the
early pait of the session, and remembet the lan-
guage they then held? Were we not taunted with
oar delay? Did they not call upon us, almost dare
us, to bring up the bill? When, yielding to the
statements of those who presided over the Depart-
ments, and their urgent representations of the pub-
ic necessities, we consented to give precedence t>
the general appropriation bill, did they not com-
p'ain that the Sab-Treasury bill was held back?
Did they not ask if we were in earnest, or if we
really intended to bring it forward at all? Yet
now, almost at the close of the session, they com-
plain just as loudly that we are in a desperate hur-
ry, and refuse the necessary time for deliberation.
Really, sir, it seems impossibe to please gentle-
men; they are determined not to be satisfied, so I
think our best course is not to attempt it.   Again,
I have been surprised (and yet I ought not, for if ever
the old proverb nHadmirandum held good anywhere
it does here) at the wonderful arguments we hear. I
have been at a loss to conjecture what they will
advance next.   They have conjured up before us
"hydra*, gorgons, and chimeras dire," with all the
gravity of one who believed in them "to frighten
men from their propriety." What, sir?   Are we
children? Are we to be scared by things like these?
They have collected together in one fearful group
whatever they can find in the shape of public cala-
mity for these ten years past, and laid it at the door
of the present Administration; and thence proceed-
ing,   have prophesied   nothing short of general
rnin and desolation to be be brought about by the
outrageous   and    tyrannical   acts   of   this  cor-
rapt     and     proflgate     Administration.      Be-
cause  sad   reverses   have   taken   place  in   the
basiness of   our people   during  the  Presidency
of Mr. Van Baren, they infer as a matter of course
that the one event is the canse of the other.   Yet
th? gentleman from North Carolina, who draws
this inference, himseif argues mot strenuously
against it, as applied to the case of the Bank of
EaglanJ.   We are plied with this argument from
day to day, and from month to month.   Because
those who cow administer the Government are de-
sirous that its revenue shall be paid in gold and
silver, and shall be sustained in its own custody,
and about the same time the prices of produce
are somewhat lower than than they have been,
they infer that one is the consequence of the
other. Now when, for a long succession of time,
and under various conditions and circumstances;, two
things are found invariably connected, such for in-
stance as the roar of thunder succeeding the flash of
lightning, it is philosophical to conclude that there is
a natural connection between them, and that the one
is the cause of the other; but such a conclusion is
wholly unwarrantable, when deduced from only a
single example, because here the coincidence may
be purely accidental, and, though the two things
be simultaneous, there may be no connection what-
ever between them. Now, if I can show that a si-
milar depression of prices and stagnation of busi-
ness have repeatedly taken place when no Inde-
pendent Treasury existed, or was proposed, it
should, I think, satisfy every candid man who op-
poses this bill, that he attributes our existing diffi-
culties to the wrong cause.
Mr. Chairman, we are now, at length, after the
continuance of a contest in this country for three
years, between two great systems for the manage-
ment of our fiscal affairs, about to see that contest
brought to a close. The advocates of these sys-
tems, like the cohorts of different nations brought
into the battle field, have long been manoeuvring,
but have abstained from crossing bayonets. Now
comes the shock of battle. The enemies of this
bill have now thiown off the mask, and are
coming out boldly and openly with their substitute
for it, and the, people can now see plainly what
these gentlemen have in view, for they admit in
so many words that they wish this bill to be re-
jected, and they thus avow themselves in favor of
a National Bank. In this manly avowal, the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Pope] took the
lead. At the beginning of the session he came
forward like a man and told us what he wanted;
others have since done the same. I differ entirely
with that honorable gentleman in his views on the
Bank. Yet I cannot but admire the boldness of his
conduct in thus committing himself and his party.
The issue is now fairly made up, and we are to see
whether the fiscal concerns of this nation are to be
conducted through a United States Bank, or
whether the Government is to manage its own af-
fairs by its own agents. We were formerly told
that the Bank of tha United States was dead and
buried; but we now see that it is again revived
and in the field. The great issue is once more to
be tried before the people.
After so many gloomy picture* of the unconsti-
tutional and destructive nature of the measure pro-
posed in this bill, it may be well to go back a little
to first principles to examine the acts and opinions
of our fathers, and to see what were their views on
this subject.
Soon after the adoption of the Constitution, a
law was passed for the regulation of the Treasury
Department; and in examinicg the provisions of
that law we shall be able to see whether a Nation-
al Bank was selected or considered as the best
mode of keeping the public treasure. The law
was passed in 1789, and this is its language:
"AN ACT to establish the Treasury Department.
"Sec. 4. That it shall be the duty of the Treasurer to receive
and keep the moneys of the United States, and to disburse the
same on warrants drawn by the Secretary, &c He shall at all
time* submit to the Secietary of the Treasury, and the Comp-
troller, or either of them, the inspection of the moneys in his
hands; and shall gire bond andsecunly forth  faithful perform-
ance of the duties in his office, and lor the fidelity of the per-
sons to be by him employed," &c.
Now, if this plan of an Independent Treasury,
under consideration, be a measure so monstrous,
so unparalleled in its absurdity and wickedness,
as gentlemen suppose, how did it happen that the
father'* of the Repnb'ic were guilty of esablishing it
almost in the terms of Uva bill? They enacted that
the public money should be kept by a Treasurer;
that he alone should pay it out, and should submit
the moneys to the inspection of officers appointed
for that purpose. These are the very provisions
of the present bill. Like the law of eighty-nine,
it declares that the public money shall be received,
kept, and disbursed by Government officers, and
that it shall be inspected from time to time by per-
sons appointed for that purpose.   There were very
strong reasons why our fathers should have adopted
a plan of this kind, and why they should r«quire the
revenue to be paid in gold and silver only. Sir,
they were in trie full enjoyment of a most beautiful
paper system. The idea of the gentleman from
North Carolina was realized—the circulation was
full, even to overflowing—the country had never
possessed so much circulating medium before; and
according to the argument of gentlemen, its condi-
tion ought to have been happy and prosperous in
the highest degree. A gentlemen, in the course of
this debate, read to us a market bill, made out at
that time; anl it shows that the currency was glo-
riously full, indeed. Veal and lamb were then at
eighty cents per pound—i;ood fresh butter at three
dollars, and a pair of shoes at a hundred and twenty
dollars.
A lieutenant in the Revolution once received
thirty thousand dollars for his month's pay. Sir,
it was a glorious time; we enjoyed a paper curren-
cy in its highest perfection. A lieutenant was cer-
tainly well paid when his wages amounted to thir-
ty thousand dollars a month. Unfortunately, how-
ever, he had to pay out the whole amount for one
uniform coat. Here we see the doctrine of a full
currency in all its beauties. How cruel it was to
reduce the price of labor when it stood at a hun-
dred dollars a day. A most flagitious attack on
the interests of the poor man. The poor man, how-
ever, did not then think so. The unanimous voice
of the entire people condemned the system as most
ruinous, and when the convention assembled to
form a Constitution, they determined to abolish it
as fast as possible; and with a view to prevent its
recurrence, they inserted the provision that no
State of the Union should be allowed to
issue bills of credit. They had seen and suffered
so much under a bloated paper circulation, that they
resolved upon a general reform. So flagrant and
so multiplied were the evils of the system, that no-
thing can excuse it but the plea of absolute necessity.
Our liberties were at stake. We were waging the
war of freedom, and almost any thing was justifia-
ble, which would enable us to go through it at al-
most any sacrifice. When, therefore, we come to
look at the bill, we find it reverts to the principles
of 1789.
It requires the public money to be collected in the
only currency known to the Constitution. I utter-
ly deny that the Constitution ever contemplated
that paper money should be received for Govern-
# ment dues. The Convention prohibited the use of
bills of credit to the States, and they certain-
ly did not intend to tise them thenvelves*. But we
are gfawn so wise that we have no respect for the
work of our venerated ancestors.
"We think our fathers fools, so wise we grow;
Our wiser sons, perhaps, will think us so."
There can be no doubt that the fathers of this
Republic never contemplated such a thing as re-
ceiving or paying out the dues of the Government
in paper money. That is an invention of modern
times. It was one feature, and a favorite one, in
the policy of the Federal party, to,link the destinies
of the Government with those of moneyed "corpora-
tions, and thus, indirectly, acquired an accumula-
tion of power, united to their ambitious designs,
but dangerous to republican doctrines.
I will now, Mr. Chairman, advert to the opera-
tion of the Independent Treasury system in refe-
rence to the losses which it is said will accrue un-
der it. And I ask what consequences will flow
from having the public money kept by Govern-
ment officers, different from what now exist, and
always have existed? Wherever the public money
has been deposited, it has always been received in
the first instance by public < rficers; and it has al-
ways been transferred into the hands of disbursing
agent*, so that every dollar of the public treasure
has twice passed through the hands of individuals.
And gentlemen do not propose to change this
state of things, but take a diftinct;on between of-
ficers who receive and disburse the public moneys,
and officers who keep them. I cannot see the
grounds of the distinciion. Have not the former
class an opportunity to defraud the Government as
completely as those of the latter? What is there to
prevent them? Can they not conceal the amount of
moneys they receive?   Cannot they do this under a
