68*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2&TH CoNO'-'ltT Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Holleman.
June, 1840.
H. of Reps.
Bank of the United Slates, or under ihe Slate
ban Kb? Has there ever been a financial system
known amors men, wh ch could entirely prevent
peculation? Never; and no scheme the wit of man
can devise ever will prevent it, till all men shall
become hcn-st. When that happy lime shall ar-
rive when men will beat their swords into plough
shares, an/ their spears into pruning hooks, and
shall learn war no mere, then, probably, Govern-
ment will cease to lose by faithless agent. ; but io
long as men remain corrupt and avaricious, we
may expect that losses, to a greater or less extent,
will be incurred.
There must also be disbursing officers, as we
have always had; and even if we establish a Bank
of the United States, they may defraud the Go-
vernment: and the Bank, so far from preventing
this evil, will only increase the danger by introduc-
ing a third set of agents.
According to this bill, there are to be some few
receiving officers, and in the hands of some of
them there will occasionally be large sums of mo-
ney. No doubt they may defraud the Government.
Bat wonld a National Bank prevent this? Did not
frauds and peculations prevail to an immense ex-
tent under the Bank of the United States? It is
unjust and unfair to draw a comparison, as is fre-
quently done by gentlemen on the other side of the
House, between individuals and banks, because
they themselves do not propose to dispense with re-
ceiving and disbursing officers. The only just
comparison is between the banks and the few new
officers who are to be created. A comparison of
losses under these officers and under banks is worth
nothing; it is perfectly idle, since the same oppor-
tunity to defraud will confessedly exist under your
bank system. Under a bank there will be more
probability of loss from individuals, because, as
the money received is expected to be placed in
bank, the Treasury Department wll net be so cau-
tious in taking ample security; but whfn the money
is to remain in the hands of receivers, more care will
be exercised, and heavier bonis will be required.
The great danger apprehended from the Inde-
pendent Treasury is, that it will destroy the banks.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Ravner]
seems to think this a necessary and inevitable con-
sequence; he predicts that every bank from Maine
to Georgia will in the end be prostrated.
Sir, I only wish that the system we propose
would have one-tenth part of the efficiency which
its enemies seem to suppose. I fear we anticipate
too much from it, and that it will not operate so
usefully as we apprehend. My chief fear is, that
it will not be able to check that wild extravagance
which has been introduced among us by the use of
banks, and the prevalence of the credit system.
Tne bill, however, will accomplish much; and if it
prevents but one of these wild expansions and con-
tractions from which such wide-spread iuin has
covered the land, it will prove a ble¡-s:ng to the
country. This 1 telieve it will do, at least to some
extent. I repeat that my only fear is that the mea-
sure will not have the power to accomplish all that
good which its friends fondly anticipate.
How will it operate? In ordinary times it does
not require a very large amou at of specie to con-
duct the regular and customary operations of Go-
vernment. It is calcu'aied that not more than five
millions need be in the Treasury at any one time.
There certainly will not at any time be much more
than that sum, unless fr«m extrat rdinary importa-
tions. Of all the evils we have endured, those which
have proceeded from the unlimited and unrestrained
credit of corporations, have bsen the zreatest and
the most faial. If the demand f r gold and silvrr
in payment of public dues will prevent this, it will
be fortunate ior the country; and I do believe it w,ll
have a strong tendency to circumscribe this credit.
The banks will not give such large accommodations,
or furnish the means of such extravagant importa-
tions. Knowing that the Government officers will
draw upon them for specie, the banks will natu-
rally look to their means of meeting their demands.
It may not effect this at onre. We are net to ex-
pect a complete reformation in a day or a year; but
I insist that the Independent Treasury will be the
best regulator of the currency heretofore conceived,
MA w infinitely better one thin the io much laude i
Bank of the United States. That bank never regu-
lated the currency or the other banks till it regula-
ted itielf; and it never regulated itself till it was
compelled by dire necessity.
I know the argument  is, that, by the bill under
consideration  the people are to be injured—the
great mass of the corn munity to be ruined, and a
gang of mercenary office holders are to reap all
the binefit.     But  the   number of persons who
pay duties is comparatively small; it consists, for
the most part, of wealthy  merchants, and men
engaged in speculations—men who roll in splen-
dor and enjoy bank facilities without limit. These
are the men who will principally be called upon
to pay specie into the Treasury.   It is indeed true
that the hardy  pioneer   of the West must pay
gold and silver into the land office for his little
portion of the public domain; but still the great
bulk of the receipts will come, as I said, from the
bank facility men; and these cannot justly com-
plain.   But while theie are to pay this hard mo-
ney, who is to receive it?   In reply to this inquiry,
gentlemen seem unable even to think of any body
but "the office holders."   Yes, the pampered of-
fice holders, they are to get all the specie.   Is this
true?   Do not gentlemen know  that the numbers
who receive will be far greater than those who
pay it?   Look at the number of the pensioners—
all these will receive  their pensions in gold and
silver.   Are   these  the odious   "office   holders?"
Where are all your war worn soldiers too, the
men who fight your battles and bare their bosoms
in   your defence?     Are   these  pampered   office
holders, wallowing in luxury and rolling in wealih
and east?   Where are the bands of your hardy
tars and the chivalrous officers who have as often
led them to victory  on   the stormy deep?   Are
these, too, office holders?    Gentlemen seem to
forget   that   where   one   man   pays   into    the
Treasury,   there   are   hundreds    who    receive
money  out   of   it.     The    mass  of    the    peo-
ple   will   not   be   injured,   but  benefited.     It
is indeed true that the office holders will share in
the benefit, but they will share it with contractors
for the mails, and with the multitudes of laborers
on the public works.   Do gentlemen think that
they can get the people to believe this bill will in-
jure them, by denouncing office holders?   "Tell
that to the marines—sailors w on't believe it."    In
my own district there will be perhaps fifty men who
will be payers to Government, while there are a
thousaud who will be receivers.   You can't de-
ceive my constituents on that point.   They know
that what they may receive und*r this bill, while it
is good to-day, will also be good to-morrow.   They
have  suffered tco much  from depreciated paper
money to forget it readily.   They have been pretty
well shaved; and all your arguments in favor of
paper, and against gold and silver, are wholly
lost on such men.   They see before their eyes the
operation of ibis boasted credit system, and are able
to compare it with the hard money Independent
Treasury proposed by this bill.    Tney kEow that
the gold and silver is not carted to and fro in wa-
gon loads-, for the Government o;¡ly, but gets into
the hard hands of the laborers and mechanics, and
from them passes into the general circulation.    So
far, too, from  this bill injuring  the bank*,  I do
conscientiously  be'ieve that on the contrary it will
be serviceable to them.    The bmk officers know
the   evils   of   their   system    from   over issues,
and the   pressing   demands  of    their   customers
which they cannot well resist; but under this sys-
tem they could say, "we can go no father."   In
many parts of the country the banks will be pro-
tected by it fnim those fatal runs to which they are
exposed.    In my own district half a millioa will be
annually received in  fppcie, and thrown into cir-
culation, or else they will get Government drafts,
which are as good as gold and silver to the bank-;;
for theycan  be exchanged  dollar for dollar; and
are some times preferred to the hard cash. _ The
banks even now feel it to be a great convenience.
Treasury drafts will always protect them as long
as they are paid in specie.
But again we are told that this bill provides in
effect two currencies, one for the Government and
another for the people; and this is made a topic of
declamation «gainst lb  plin.   Now if the people
and the Government had always, until now, had
the same currency, theie might be some force in
this objpetion. But so lar is this from having been
the fact, that under the Bank of the United States,
not only had they two currencies, but forty cur-
rencies, in different sections of the country, each
having a separate scale of depreciation ranging
from 1 to 99 per cent.
The glorious and so mnch lauded Bank of the
Uniied States gave us a currency which was depre-
ciated and disionored by the Bank itself.   During
its existence it did not furnish more than one-tenth
part of the circulation of the Union.   In its palmy
days its circulation was only ten or fifteen mil-
lions of dollars; yet we are told that it furnished a
sound currency for the whole country.   Its notes,
I admit, were generally good, for these who could
get them; to these they were the same as gold and
silver; but they formed a small portion of the cir-
culation.    Now the question  arises whether we
shall take the currency established by  the Consti-
tution in preference to one that is constantly fluc-
tuating; in other words, whether we shall measure
by the standard bushel, which is always of one size,
or use false measures, which vary perpetually?   So
with the laborer: the question is, whether he shall
take a real dollar, or that which, though called a
dollar, will not purchase for him a dollar's worth
of. any thing?   I affirm that the Bank of the United
Slates never did or could regulate the currency of
this country.   It cannot do it.    And why not?   A
bank,  as   all   men know, will   always   pursue
its   own   interest.    Each   bank,   in   any   com-
munity, wishes to loan and to circulate as much
as it can, because it lives on the interest it receives
on what it loans and can circulate.    A number of
bank* may commence together, and for a time keep
side by side.    But presently one of them begins to
extend its circulation.   Its neighbor bank soon dis-
covers   this from thelarge dividends the banks
makes; and it begins to play the same game. They
become in debt to more prudent banks, who very
soon begin to follow suit.    It was just so with the
Bank of the United States—by extending its circu-
lation, it fell in debt to the State banks, and ena-
bled them  to expand: but wheaever it chese, by
curta ling its issues and discounts, to be satisfied
with smaller profits, it soon brought the State banks
in debt to it.   Ths result is, that when the large
bank, with heavy capital, expands, the   smaller
banks p>und it, are   enabled to  expand likewise;
but as soon as it contracts, they are obliged to fol-
low the example and contract also.    Hence the
reason of those ruinous expansions and con Tac-
tions all over the country.    And a large bank
never can be a regulator to the smaller ones around
it, until it is first willing to reduce its own profits.
Now what was the course pursued by the United
States Bank in 1817?   Instead of acting cautious-
ly, and   limiting   its  issues, it dashed off at full
speed, till, in the month of March, 1818, its loans
and discounts amounted to no less than forty-one
millions of dollars.   Thus, in a single year, it had
expended from three millions to forty-( ne millions!
What became of the other bat.ks?   Just at that
time the Bank of Virginia expanded its loans and
circulation at the rate of from fifty to sixty percent.
The course of the great bank produced a general
expanúon, and a consequent   inflation of prices;
and its   loans became greater   and greater,   till
March, 1819, when it was compelled to contract;
and immediately the State banks were compelled
to contract m like manner.   The Bank of Virginia,
ia 1819, contracted its issues nearly one-lnlf.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Bat-
ner] drew largely on his imagination in describing
to us the glorious state of the conntry under the
Bank of the United States. True, it did raise the
pr ce of all commodities; corn rose as high as se-
ren dollars per barrel. And for this the gentle-
man tcld us he felt most harpy in glorifying that
noble instituúon. Yes, the country, no doubt,
seemed very happy. So a drunkard, while becom-
ing intoxicated, feels himself one of the happiest
fellows imaginable; he lives so fast that he is dis-
posed to be pleased with all the world: he is "o'er
all the ills of life victorious." But at last be has
to get sober. He must cool off. In that process
of ceoliof t be has to reduce himself below the
