June, 1840.
APPENDIX TO tfHE congressional globe.
083
£6TH C0WG""l8T Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Holleman.
H. of Reps.
Standard of sound health, and in so do'ng, must
suffer the headache. Much such a nrocess this na-
tion had to undtrzo in 1818 aud 1819. The cir-
culation of the bank fell from eizht to three and a
half millions. We ihen heard no complaints
abent rf during the price of labor—oh, no—no de-
nunciation against ru nous experiments. The bank
was not to blame—doi at all. It might contract
and expand at pleasure. It was all right in the
bank. But if Government attempts to check ex-
travagance, it L~, in the opinion of geDtkmen, an
experiment—a reckless, profligate, experiment
on the currency, and it is charged with
th  ruin of the country! These matters must
be left to the banks—they know how to manage it
all, say gentlemen. No doubt they do; and they
will manage it just to ^uit their own interest; and
gentlemen here are willing to surrender th«mselves,
body and soul—life and limb, prospects and pro-
perty, into the hands of a soulless corporation. Y*_t
if Government tries to prevent these public evils,
they are called a set of ignorant, tyrannical tinkers,
who do not understand the subject. But, sir, of all
tyranny, that of a moneyed corporation is, in my
opinion, the most insupportable.
If I am to have a master, as John Randolph of
Roanoke said, let me have one that I can respect
—a man with swo'd and epaulette—not a bank
president, sitting in hi* parlor "calm as the sum-
mer's morning," and armed with a geose quill. I
would as soon live under the secret council of Ve-
nice, as at the will and pleasure oí a soulless mo-
neyed corporation.
Bat, Mr. Chairman, I promised to show to the
committee and to the country, that the Bank of the
United States never did regulate the currency, and
I will now proceed to do so.
I hold in my hand a report from the Secretary of
the Treasury to the Senate, made on the 28th May,
1838, numbered 457, which shows the price of
bank notes in Philadelphia, from 1814 to 1838,
and also the rates of foreign and domestic exchange
in Philadelphia and New York, for the greater part
of that time. I consider it a most valuable docu-
ment, containing a mass of information and facts
showing clearly the truth of my position. I will
begin with the year 1818, after the United States
Bank had been in operation more than a year,
and most of the solvent banks had resumed specie
payments. In the tables given ia this report, the
currency ia Philadelphia were considered at par,
and other bank notes and specie compared with that
currency as tne standard. Now, Mr. Chairman,
let us see how this great regulator succeeded in
keeping the currency uniform for the year 1818.
Boston noies were at 2 per cent, discount, New
York 3 discount, Pennsylvania 2 to 6, Delaware 4
. to 13, Maryland 6 to 10, North Carolina 2 to 6,
Tennesse, Kentucky, and Ohio,4 to 10 discount, and
8panish dollars from 1 to 6 p-T cent, premium. Is
this the regulator of the currency of which gentle-
men boast so much, when bank notes from a dis-
tance were at a heavy discount and specie at a
high premium at the doer of the bank? Was this
the sound uniform currency of which we have
heard so much? I find a note to this table in the
following words: "A committee of directors of the
United States Bank, in a report dated October 30th,
1818, gives as one reason v.by a curailment of
discounts was necessary, the unexampled premium
paid at this time for specie which is said to be the
per cent, on Spanish dollars, aud a considerable
thongh less premium on other coins."
I think gent emen Will admit that, at this time,
the currency was very badly regulated. But a
gentleman near me says the Bank had not had
time to correct the state of the currency, and I
ought to look to the next year. I will accommo-
date the gentleman. How then stands the case
in 1819? Here it is: Massachusetts!, Rhode Isl-
and, and Connecticut bank notes from 4 to 5
per cent, discount, New York county and New
Jersey the same, Maryland 3 to 8, North Carol na
3 to 8, Siuth Carolina 2 to 14, Georgia 2 to 20,
Tennessee and Kentucky 10 to 25 discount, and
Spanish dollar from 3 to 6 premium.
Mr. Niles, front whose Weekly Register the
rates at New York aod Baltimore were taken, says
the price of  bank Mtn varied several   per
cent, in the course of a week.   The notes which
were  at par in  one  part of the country, weie
in   oher   part*   at  a   heavy   discount.    At   the
same   time   that exchange   at   New Orleans on
New York   was at trom seven  to  ten per cent,
discount, exchange at New Yoikon New Orleans
was at six per cent   d scount.    A'l the banks
whoi-e notes were at a discount at New York of
less than five per cent, and some others, were un-
derstood to pay specie "on demand."   How does
the gentleman near me [Mr. Monroe]  like the
year 1819?   If he thinks this was still too soon to
expect a sound currency, I will pa*s on to the year
1830.   Here we find all the New England notes at
from 2 to 4 per cent, discount; Virginia 1 to 3;
North Carolina 2 to  10; Souih Carolina 1 to 6;
Ohio 15 to 25; and the branch notes of the United
Siates Bank of New Hampshire, Connecicut, and
Boston, from 2 to 4 per cent discount.   Yes, Mr.
Chairman, its own branch notes were dishonored
by the mother bank in Philadelphia, and sold be-
fore its eyes at from 2 to 4 percent, discount. This,
too, was in the year 1820, three years after it had
11  been engaged in regulating the currency and ex-
1   changes;  and yet   gentlemen rise here in their
places before the House and the countiy, and
state, wiih the utmost apparent confidence, that
this Bank always furnished a sound and uniform
cunency, such a one as no country was ever be-
fore blessed wi'h—a currency better than gold and
silver.   Does it not prove that gentlemen have for-
I   gotten the history of the times, and drawn on their
imaginations for facts and arguments to sustain
the weakness of their cause?
Let ns pas<! on to the yeir 1821. Maine, New
, Hampshire, Vermont, and Connecticut notes from
j 2 to 4 per cent, discount through the whole year;
New York (country) 1 to 6; Tennessee and Ken-
tucky 25 to 50; and United States branch notes of
Boston and New Hampshire 2 per cent, discount
from January to December.
Here, sir, so far from famishing a sound and
uniform currency for the country, this g'reat regu-
lator could not prevent the depreciation of its own
branch notes, at its own door, nor did it regulate
the banks in the State or Pennsylvania, where it
,   was located. -
Are gentlemen not convined, or will they require
me to so on? Let us then lrok to the year 1822:
here it is, but ihe picture is not improved: Maine
notes fell to 10 per cent, discount; other New Eng-
land, 2 to 4; New York, country, 1 to 5; North Ca-
rolina, 2 to 12; Georgia, 2 to 14; Tennessee and
Kentucky, 35 to 70; and United States branch
notes of New Hampshire and Massachusetts, still
two per cent, discount in Philadelphia.
In 1823, thingí were no belter. Maine notes
were at 10 per cent, discount the whole year; other
New England, 2 to 3; New York, country, and Penn-
sylvania, 1 to 5; JSorih Carolina, South Carolina,
and Georgia, 4 to 12; Ohio, 6; Tenneisee, 35; and
Kentucky, 70 discount.
In 1824 and '25, Maine notes were still at 10 per
cent, discount; other New England. 2 to 3; North
Carolina, Georgia, and Ohio, 3 to 6; Tennessee, 15
to 20; ?nd Kentucky, 55.
In 1826, New England notes were generally 24
per cent, dr-cnuw; New York, country, 2 to 5; Loui-
siana, 5; Missk«ipi i, 10; Tennes&ee, 20; and Ken-
tucky, 50 per cent, discount.
I have omitted to notice many other banks, which
are placed in separate tables. They were forty or
fifty in number, and their notes varied through this
who'e time from 25 to 90 percent, discount.
Sir, I could go on and show that the currency
continued greatly deiarged until about ihe time
Gen. Jackson informed Congress that they were
not to expect him to sanction a recharter of the
Bank.
About this time currency and exchanges got into
a tolerable condi ion. The bank was about to be
put on its good behavior, and found it necessary
to act more prudently, that it might secure a new
charter. This continued until the removal of the
deposites, when the great panic raised by the Op-
position produced temporary difficulties, which,
however, soon passed away after the adjournment
of Cougrejs in 1834.   It is a remarkable fact, that
datiiif it  ttao Uwfuw btrfiwera ttwdípoti.
tones of the public moneys, there was less
d-prer-i Jon in back notes than had existed before
for twenty years, not  i hstaniinj the abuse
he; p '<1 on them by the Opposition, aud their subse-
quent misconduct and suspension. I will do them
the justice to say tnat ihe depreciation of bank
notes, and the difference in exchange was never
less than during the jears 1835, '36, and till the
m^pensiou in 1S37.
I will not trouble the committee with detailed ac-
counts of the fluctuations in foreign and domestic
exchanges, but by examination they will befound
to correspond to a great extent with the price
of banknotes. So far, then, Mr. Chairman, from
giving us one sound and uniform currency, the
bank was unab'e even to keep its own branch
notes at par, and refused to receive the notes oí
other specie paying banks, unless they were lo-
cated in the immediate vicinity of its branches
where they could (as in fact they did) demand
weekly settlements, and compel the State banks to
pay balances in specie, or in drafts on thp Northern
cities. The Bank of the United States did what
is now charged almost as a crime on the Admini-
nistration—it established one currency foritself, and
left the great mass of the people to get on as
well as they could with depreciated paper,
at almost every rate of discount, from one to ninety-
nine per cent, and yet gentlemen tell us we had the
best currency in the world. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cooper] went so far as to state
that the notes of the bank were not only good, but
at a premium even in China. Now, sir, I have no
doubt the gentleman thinks so. I have heard this
statement before, and seen it in the newspapers,
but I have no hesitation in saying it is totally un-
true. The Bank of England certainly stands as
high in this country as the United States could have
done in China; and is there a man in the House
who thinks notes of the Bank of England would
circulate currently hers? An iraponing merchant
would not take ihem to make remittances, as he
would a bill of exchange. But, sir, it is idle and
preposterous to say they would circulate through
the country as money. A single bank note may
have passed from one American merchant to ano-
ther in China, who was returning home, but a
Hong merchant would have been surprised at a
proposition to pay him in bank notes. Who ever
sent these note  to China to buy a cargo of tea?
The very idea i> absurd and ridiculous.
I wish, Mr. Chai!man, to examine the operation
of this Bank upon the business and industry of the
count/;; but before I do so, I will refer gentlemen
to theiopiokms of two distinguished gentlemen now
of the Opposition, at the time of granting the char-
ter in 1816. 1 have mislaid the extracts, but will
state from memory. Mr. Sergeant was opposed to
a capital of th'rty-five millions, and thought twen-
ty millions sufficient. He contended that it was
the duty of the Government to take care of the cur-
rency, but that this Bank was not the proper re-
medy.
Mr. Webster insisted that chartering the Bank
would not relieve the pnblio distress, and denied
that it was the business of the Government to re-
gulate the currency. He maintained that we had
the best currency the world ever saw; that our fa-
thers were hard money rren, and e.^tablished a
hari money Government. He was opposed to a
Bank of the United States, and I quote him now as
advocating the doctrine that it is the duty of the
Government to demand its revenues in gold and
silver as the only currency recognised by the Con-
stitution.
I have prepared a table, showing the operations
of the United States Bank from 1816 to 1836, which
1 will here exhibit, a* I shall have to refer to it as I
proceed in relation to the fluctuation of prices pro-
duced by expansion and contraction of its loans
and issues.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES
Trtuvrf rrpori, January   15,   183a.
loans «ml discount .         Cireolath .
1817,   February,     #3,495,000            IH1*'^
1818     March,         41,181,000              8,339,000
1819     )um, 35,786,000              6,563,000
1880   31,401,000              3,589,000
¡8S1                      30,905,000             4,567,000
