684
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1140.
2Gra Como.......1st Skis.
Independent Treasury—Mr. HolUman.
H. of Reps.
18M,
1*33,
1894,
1895,
189S,
1897,
1898,
1899,
1830,
1831,
1839,
1833,
1834,
1835,
1836,
1834,    December,
1835,    July,
lacrea  in seven
(•oaths, nearly
98,061,000
30,736,000
33,430,000
31,819,000
33,434,000
30,« 3T,000
33,689,000
39.919,000
40,663,000
44,039,000
66,993,000
61,695,000
54,911,000
51,808,000
59,332,000
45^78,000
65,197,000
190,000,000
5,578,000
4,361,000
4,647.000
6,068,000
9,474,000
8,549,000
9,855,000
11,901,000
19,994,000
16,351,000
21,355,000
17,518,000
19,308,000
17,339,000
23,075,000
15,603,000
95,339,000
10,000,000
From this table it appears, ia about one year
from its commencement, its loans and discounts
had risen up to forty-one millions of dollars, with
a circulation of eight millions-, all the oiher banks
followed the example of this great regulator, and in
a abort time all were compelled to contract. The
etrealalion of this bank went down to three ani a
half millions in two years, and in 1832 its dis-
counts were only twenty-eight millions. So extra-
vagant and imprudent was it in 1818, that it again
raised its discount line lo the amount in that year
till the year 1831, when it reached forty-four mil-
lions, and being then determined to force a recbar-
ter, in spite of the Roman firmness of Qen. Jack-
son, it increased i is loans and discounts to sixty-six
millions; an increase of twentv-two millions in one
year, increasing its circulation, in the same lime,
five millions.
In December, 1834, after the memorable panic
session of Congress, in which the distress orators
uttered such loud and doleful lamentations over
what they called the ruin of the Constitution, and
the desolation of the country, the discounts were
reduced to forty-fire millions—a reduction said to
be necessary, as its charter had but about fifteen
months to run; bat notwithstanding this pressing
necessity, as it was called, in the short space of
aeren months the loans and discounts were in-
creased about twenty millions, and the issues about
ten millions of dollars. The, sir, was the com-
mencement of that wild and reckless extravagance
afterwards pursued by the State banks, until the
whole system blew up like the eruption of a volca-
cano. Let ns now go back and examine the result
of these expansions and experiment by the bank,
which then, as now, was considered as a grand pa-
nacea for "all the ills which flesh is heir to." We
heard of ruin and distress in 1834—we hear
on this floor, every day, of scenes and pe-
tures demred from the heated imaginations of
political partisans, in'eaded for tfleet through the
country, in the coming Presidential election; bu',
air, we hare nothing to compare with the sad reali-
ties suffered in 1819/20, and ^l, and produced by
the operations of this fame Uni'ed States Bank. I
hare some extracts which I will trouble the Clerk
toread.
Distress in 1819:
"Prual all part  of onr country," says Mr Nile ,' we hear of
a severe pressure on men in business, a central stagnation of
trade, a large reduction in the price of suple articles   Real pro
pert y h rapidly depreciating in its nominal Talue, and Us rents
or profitaare exceedingly diminishing    Many highly rtspect-
able traders have become bankrupts, and u is agreed ihat many
others must 'go ' the banks are refusing th ir enst >mary ac
eomroodations: confidence among merchants is shaken, and
three per cent per month «offered for the discount of promis
■btt not* , which a little while ago were considered as good as
'old gold,' and whose makers rune not since suffered any losses
lo render their notes less valuable than heretofore "
Four months afterwards, he says,' It is estimated that there
awea)O0Or>er  madaily «eekms work in Philadelphia, in New
York 10,000 able-bodied men are said to be wandering about the
streets tookjof for it, and if we add to them the women who de-
sire •emethine to do, the amoum rannot be less than 20,000 in
Baltimore there may be about 10 000 person  in unsteady em-
ployment, or actually suffering because hey cannot get into
dim new. We know «ever*I decent men, lately'good livers,'
who now subsist on such victuals as two years ago they would
not have given their servants in the kuchni "
"A writer in (he Kentucky Gazette, quoted by Nile* on Ihe
9th of October, observed 'Slaves which sold some time ago,
aad could command the most ready money, hat e fallen to an
inadequate value A slave which hires for SO or 1 Til dollars
per aonam, may be purchased for 300 or 400 A house and
lot on Limestone street, lor which «15,000 had been offered
•onw urn* past, tekl ander tat officer'* hammer for 11,800
A house and lot which, I am informed, was bought for $10,000,
after **,00 • had been pan) by the purchaser, was sold under a
mortgage for SI JO , leaving the original purchaser (besides
his advances) 13,500 In debt. A number of salea, which ex
cited at the same time astonishment ami pity, have occurred
in this town Comparison of local sufferings should not be
indulged in, but I am told that Islington ia less afflicted than
almost any other part of the State "
" Bankruptcies lor large amounts were of frequent occurrence
Mention is made, among others, of the bankruptcy of a mer-
chant tailor in the little town of \ork, Pennsylvania, who
failed for the turn of eighty four thousand dollars
' This was, indeed, an important affair in a town containing
but three or lour thousand inhabitants; but it sunk into insig
nirkance when compared with some of the failures in the large
cities. "So extensive were these among the merchants ol the
cities east of Baltimore, that it seemed to be disreputable to
stop payment for le-** than 100,000 dollar  the lashionable
amount was Irom 2 to 3tO0O0 dollars, and the tiptop quality,
the support of whose tamilies had cost ihein from 8 to 12,000
dollars a year, were honored with an amount ol debt exceed,
mg 500100 dollars, and nearly as much aa a million of dollars
The prodirality and waste of some of these were almost beyond
beliei, we have heard ihat the furniture of a single parlor pos
sessed (we cannot say belonging) to one of them, cost 40 000
dollars Bolt was in all the great cities—dash, dash, dash-
venders of tape and bobbins transformed into pt rsons of high
blood, and the sons of respectable cmzens converted into knav es
of rant—through speculation, and the facilities ol the abomi
nable paper system "
Distress in 1830:
"It is said," remarked Mr Nile* on the 2d September, 1820,
"but we know not how to believe it, that corn is selling at ten,
and wheatat twenty cents per bushel, specie, in «me parts ol
Kentucky At this rate how are debts to bepaid)" Mr Nilei
appears afterwads lo have hadother ovidence sufficient le mer-
cóme tns incredulity, for he'remarked on the 15th of Septem-
ber, l"<it ' a gentleman in Western Virginia directs the register
tobes'opped because he used to pay for it annually with one
barrel ol flower, but that three will not do it now. Another, a
miller in Ohio, on paying his advance to my agent, observed,
that he had sold four barrel* of flour lo obtain the note of five
dollars which was remitted "
' In other publications we have evidence of the lownegs of
f trices F>r example in th-United States Gazette of May 23,
321, com is said to have been sold at Cincinnati at ten cents a
bushel and the same periodical of the let of June, has a notice
of a letter from a practical farmer in Harrison county, Ohio,
staling that wheat had fallen to twenty five cents a bushel ami
in some instances at twelve and a half cents A letter from
Greenfield, Ohio, dated May 3, l£Ql, and quoted in the Gazette
f June 23, states that wheat wassold at twelve and a half cents
a bushel, and that whiskey was dull at fifteen cents agallón.
The Weekly Register of May 19ih, gives the following quota-
tion from % late Pittsburg Mercury ' Flour, a barrel, 81
whiskey fifteen cents a gallon good merchantable pine boaids,
twenty cents a hundred feet sheep and calves one dollar ahead
Foreign goods at the old prices One bushel and a half of wheat
will buy a pound of coffee: abarrel of flour will buy a pound
of tea, twelve and a half barrels will buy one yard of superfine
broadcloth "
Here we see the natural result of the ruinous
Bank expansion of 1817, when its loans rose to the
enormous amount of forty-one millions. The
contraction which unavoidably ensued, brought
down the prices of produce infinitely lower than
they are at present; it took four barrels of flour to
day for one years' subscription to Niles's Register,
and twenty barrels would not more than by a man
a coat. In New York, Philadelphia, and Balti-
more, fifty thousand persons were wiihout any re-
galar employment, and in the uimost distress
Such were the results of the "«redit system" of this
grand regnlatir of the currency, and of what gen-
tlemen talk so much about; public confidence de-
stroyed, not by the Administration, but by their
boasted Bank.
We are vehemently d«nounced because we are
unwilling to «ncourage men, not worth the cloihes
they wear, 10 borrow immense sums from the Bank,
roll in luxury like princes, then break, and throw
tke r losses on henest men, and after all turn
round and abuse ihe Administration as the cau;e of
their folly and fraud. Woild gentlemen havens
to give credit to bankrupts? Is it attacking the
credit s)«tem—is it destroying public confidence,
if we refuse to encourage fraud and swindling?
if you charter another National Back, you will pro-
bably Fgain extend credit and confidence,as was dote
before, and then when ihe country is azain mined,
the Administration again will be denounced, unless
it will sustain the credit of cheats, bankrupt1*, and
swindlers. Why, sir, I aver that in its very birth,
the United Sta'es Bank commenced in fraud. Its
capital was never paid in «pwe, as the charter re-
qu red; yet the Bank began to loan money to those
who had subscribed for stock, and who were com-
pelled to borrow from the Bank to pay their instal-
ments. No wonder its shares soon rose to a hun-
dred and fifty-s x dollars. It was a grand «pfcula
tion; and while it lasted, all was very well, but the
year after the stock went down from a hundred and
fifty-six to ninety-eight. Many poor widows and
orphans, whose friends had advi'ed them to buy the
stock at a hundred and twenty, thirty, forty, and
fifty dollars per share, were compelled, when the
panic came, to sell out below par. But nobody
blames the Bank. The Bank could not help it. It
gave us a glorious currency, say gentlemen; and it
was only a mfsfortune whichcompellcd it to cuitail
its issues, and call in its debts. Tuly it was a great
misfortune, indeed, and produced by the mimanage-
ment of the Bank; and when we are asked again to
give our confidence to such an institution, should
we not remember these things? No doubt a new
bank would go on swimmingly for some months,
perhaps lonzer; but, sooner or later, we should have
the scenes of 1819 and 1821 over again.
Now let us look at the description of the country
given by Mr. Clat in 1824, when things had some-
what improvrri:
Extract from Mr Clay's spetrh tn 1R2<1, Xtlfa's Regitter,
vol 20, puqe*S7$and 1b7
"In casting our eyes around us, Ihe most prominent circum
stance which fixes our attention, and challengts our deepest re
eret.is (he general distress which penatles the whole country.
It is forced upon us by numerous lacts of the most incontesta
ble character It is indicated hy the diminished exports of na
tive pioduie, by the depressed and reduced state ol our foreign
navigation, hy our diminished commerce, by successive un-
ihteshed crops of grain, perishing in our barns and barn yards
for the want of a market, by the alarming diminution of the
circulating medium, by the numerous bankruptcies, not
limited lo the trading classes, but extending to all orders of
society, by an universal complaint of the want of employment,
and aconsequent reduction of the wages of labor; by the rave-
nous pursuit after public situations, not for the sake oftheh
honor  and the performance of their public duties, but as a
means of private subsistence, by the reluctant resort to the
perilous use efpaper money; by the intervention of legislation
in the delicate relation between debtor and creditor and, above
all, by tlielow and depressed state ol the value of almost every
description of the whole mass of the property of the nation
which has, on an average, sunk not less than about fifty per
cent within a few years "
"The truth is, that no class of society suffers more, in the pre-
sent stagnation of business, than the. laboring class. That is a
necessary effect uf the depression of agncultuie, the principal
business of the community. The wages of able bodied men
vary from five to eight dollars per month, and such has been
the wantofemplovment, in some parts of the Union, that in-
stances have not been unfrequent, of men working merely for
the means of present subsistence. If the wages for labor here
and In England are compared, they will be found not to be es
sentially different "
Here n a picture, drawn by the hand of a mas-
ter, but he fai'ed to attribute the distress and suffer-
ing to their true cau*e. He could not charge them
to the operations of his favorite United States Bank,
but mast look around to find out some other reason.
Fertile in expedients, he came to ihe conclusion
that the want of a sufficient tariff for protection of
domestic manufactures, had produced the difficul-
ties under which the countiy was laboring. A
tariff bill was accordingly passed, but in 1828 it
was again found insufficient to relieve the country
from the ruinous expansions and contractions of
tha " great regulator." The tariff was again re-
modelled to grant relief, and if we ate to believe
the account drawn from the brilliant imagination
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. IUt-
ner.,] no country unt'er the sun was ever so prospe-
rous and happy. In 1829, said the gentleman ex-
ultingly, " every branch of industry was in the
most flourishing condition." This, sir, was his
language, and he seemed to speak of it to prove the
happy influence exerted by the Bank over ibe busi-
ness and industry of the country. Let us, then,
Mr. Chan man, examine ihe history of the times,
and see whether this was not a mere fancy sketch,
totally contradicted by recorded facts.
Here are some accounts of the situation of New
Enaland in June and July of this identical year,
1829.   Let us hear them:
Ihe Providence Literary Subaltern, as quoted by the Phila-
óVlphia Gazette, on the 26th of .Tune, cays—"The embarrass-
mentí which have been realized m this immediate neighbor
hood for the last ten diys, hive had no parallel in the history of
the Republic Men of reputed capital, who have withstood the
shock ol former changes and times, men who, for the last forty
years, have stood firm, eieci, and undismayed before the rem
pes of thetimes that have assailed thenij are now totterin^on
the verge of bankruptcy and nun Their fall bears excessive-
J> heavy on ihe poor and laboring classes, who, by the way, are
in reality the principal sufferers Deprived of employment,
destitute and friendless, they are thrown upon the world, and
know not how to obtain a livelihood Within the last ten days,
within the cuele of the ten adjacent miles, upwards of twenty-
five hundred people have been suddenly and unexpectedly
thrown out of employment and the disiress that such an event
has produced can be far better imagined than described."
The Providf nee Herald of July 1829, says:
"The present distress of the manufacturers of New England
is without example in the history of this country The failures
which have already taken place, according to our ■estimate,
suspended the operation of about 45,000 spindles, and turned
out of employ little short of three hundred families, whose sole
dependence was upon their daily earnings. The situation ef
some, and indeed most of these families, is miserable in the ex-
