6S6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
26th Cowft«"«lsT Skss.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Holleman.
H, of Reps-
Pop* ] Wha' a-e its mam feature ? He is for a
Bank of from nfiy to seventy millions, and for re-
ducing thejate of in erf si to five per cent. I may
be mistaken, but I think I see what would be the
operation of his system You may go to his bank to
borrow at this new rule of five per cent.; but will the
Bank lend money at that rate? You may prohibit
it taking more, as you now do more than six per
cent. They tell you they have no money to lend,
as the shavers do, and yet they wi 1 shave your
bond at a large discount. They will take or give a
draft or bill of exchange at discount or premium
and shave you welt in so doing. It is now be-
coming a regular system among&t the banks. They
refuse to grant loans that they may apply their ca-
pital to bills of eichanpe: the business they
transact in that way is enormous. Now this would
be just the coarse of a Bank of the United States,
if yuu create one. They will deal in bills, but
will not lend money at 5 per cent, to any one excpt
to their own directors or special favorites and
friends.
Qentlemen often allude to the low prices which
now prevail, and try to make as much poli-
tical capital as possible out of it. But I will
now give one of the great causes of these
low prices; and I think they may be account-
ed for in a different way than by laying the
blame at the door of the Administration. It is true
that prices are low; but this is also true. The crops
of last year were universally abundant. Corn,
wheat, cotton, tobacco, and sugar, were all more
abundant than was ever known before. The pro-
duct was enormous. Hence every body had some-
thing to sell, while there were few to buy. Far-
mers and planters know full well that when they
have a full crop, prices will be low; and
when the crop is short prices will be proper-
tionably high. Now, I say again, that theie never
was such a crop of agricultural products known as
we had last year; and the natural consequence of
such an over product is the occurrence of low
prices. Gentlemen must admit this. They will
sot deny it, unless, indeed, their object is to deceive
the people and break down the Administration at
all hazards. My colleague [Mr. Wise] told ns of
a farmer, who, having received a low price for his
wheat, turned bis coat inside out, and said he was
no longer for Van Buren. Now I cannot but wish
my colleague had told his story somewhat more at
length, and given ns all the particulars. I will
warrant you the Whig merchant, who 1:ought the
wheat, failed not to tell the honest farmer that he
could not give him mere for bis wheat because the
Administration destroyed the credit of the bank;
and the farmer, no doubt, believed him. The man
was tco simple and honest to suspect the cheat: but
let bim understand that the low prices which he re-
ceived tas the general result which invariably fol-
lows from a good crop, and that the cause assigned
by the merchant has nothing to do with the matter,
and he will be justly indignant at the base attempt
to gull and deceive h m. It frequently happens
that the small surplus left to the farmer (rom a
scanty crop, yields him more money than he re-
ceives when his crop is most abundant. Tf'e peo-
ple will at last come to understand t'us matter, and
will discover that it is a mere electioneering trick.
They will exonerate the Administration thus un-
justly accused, and spurn, with merited contempt,
those who attempt to practise en their supposed sim-
plicity.
I will now again alinde to the views of some of
the most distinguished members of the Opposition
party in former limes, from which it will appear
that a National Bank, now pressed on us as the
only panacea for the public calamities, when urg d
in like manner during a former period of our his-
tory, was not so considered by them.
Having found the extracts which I had mislaid
when alluding to the opinions of Mr. Sergeant
and Mr. Webster in 1816, while the bank char-
ter was nnder discussion, 1 beg leave to read them
to the committee:
"Mr. Sergeant proposed to reduce the amount of the capital
of the B nk, from thirty five to twenty millions. 'With regard
to the p'esent time,' he said, 'he should be glad to know why
the Trerasury of the United States had not now the command of
specie payments, and the rate of exchange in its own hands.'
"Mr. Webster said, 'It wa  a mistaken idea that we were
about to reform the national currency.   No nation had a better
currency than the Umifd Sia'e-,—theie w.is no nation which
had guarded its curret cv with more care, lor ihe fiami rsol ilie
Constitution, and those "who t n-<cted the ean> suiutes on ihi«
subject, were hard money mbn; they had («It, and ihereloie
duly appreciated, the evils ol a paper medium, they theret le
sedulously suarued the currencv ol the United Slates trom de
basement. The leg it ruuencyuf ilia United S ates was «old
and silver coin, this «as a s inject in regard to which Uongiess
had run into mi lolly
"The establishment of a National Bank not being, in his opi
mon, the proper remedy, he pioccedvl to examine what was
The s-olvencyot theBiukwa*; not q ie-.t oned, there could be
no doubt,' he said, 'il ihe banks would uiu'e in the object, they
might in thrte weeks resume the payment of specie, an 1 reu
derthe adoption of anv measure by this House wholly unne-
cessary.   Tue bank*,' he said, ' ue miking extravagant p"o
fits out of the present state ol things, which ou;ht to be curtail-
ed.    líe referíed, lor ll ustra'ion ol this point, to the state ot the
Btnkol Penusvlvania, as exhib led in tne letur   to the Legis-
la, nre of that State, which, with a capital ol 2 500 000 folláis,
had done a discount business of 4,133 000, ai the same time that
it held 1 81 l.OX) dollars of the United Sulfa' stock—so that,
without taking into account a mass of Treasury nous, real
estate, «See thit Bank was receiving interest on six and a half
millions nearly three limes the amounl ofnseipital    That
Hank had been pronounced by   the   Legislature to be in 'a
flouishmg .siae;' it was so to the stockholdus in the Bank, he
doubted not.
'•The Banks not emanating from Congress, what engine were
Congiess to use foi remedying the existing evili llieir only
legitimate power,' he saia, 'was to interdict the paper of such
benks as do not pay specie, from being received it ihe custom-
houses Wuha recetptof lorty millions ayear, if the Govern-
ment was faithful to ltselfand to the interests of thepe pie, they
could control the evil, and it was their duty to make the effort
They should have made it long ago, and they ought now to
make it.
"The whole strength of the Government, he was of opinion,
ought tobe put forth to compel thepaymentol duties and taxes
to the Government in the legal curiency ol the country.
''In the end the laxes must be paid in the legal money of the
country, and the sooner that was brought about the better."
Sir, I adopt almost entirely the sentiments here
expiessed by Mr. Webster. Government has the
matter in its own hands, and the sooner the duties
are teceived in hard money the better. I would
Sz the period for this change at le«-s than the four
years proposed by this bill. And so far from this
being an improper time to make this change, I be-
lieve that, of all others, it is precisely the most pro-
per. Let us seize the present moment, when every
thing is at a^tand; we may effect the change at
once and without difficulty. The banks would not
be injured, for they might resume in three weeks
from this time, if they would but make the attempt
in concert, and but for the condition and opposition
of the bank of Pennsylvania, I believe it would
be done.
To show that a National Bank is not the proper
remedy for onr present difficulties, I will read to the
committee one more extract: it is from the speech
of a highly distinguished gentleman, now on an
electioneering crusade against this Administration,
which he attacks   ith great fury on the ground of
its enmity to credit, and because the President
presses this Sub-Treasury system on the people, as
he says, against their will. Mr. Rives of Virgi-
nia, in 1834, said:
"Sir, of all the reforms, social, political, or economical, re-
quired by the great interests of the country, that which is most
urgently demanded, and which promises in its accomplishment
the laigest resultsof utility, security, and public benefit, is, be-
yond comparison, the restoration ot the Government to what it
was intended by the framers of the Constitution to be, A HARD
MONEY Government. We aie too much in the habit, Mr Pre-
sident, of regarding the evils of the paper system as necessary
and incurable, and of being content with the delusive palliation
of those evils, supposed to be derived from the controlling su-
premacy of a National Bank No hmg,in my opinion, is more
demonstrable, than that the great evil of that system, its ruin-
ous fluctuations, arising from alternate expansions and contrac-
tions of bank issues, making a lot'ery m effect of private for-
tunes, and converting all prospecive contracts and transactions
into a species of gambling—nothing can be more certain than
that these fluctuations ( nd we have a striking proof of it in the
present distresses of the country) aie increased instead of being
diminished, by the existence of an instiiu ion of such absolute
ascendency, tha . when it expands, the ¿State hanks expand with
it; when it contracts, those banks are forced, m self-defence, to
contract also. Whatever influence such an institution may be
supposed to exert, in preserving the soundness of the currency,
that object would be much more effectually promoted by a re
turn, as lar as practicable to a metallic circulation The first
step towards that return is, to let the Bank ol the United States
go down Its notes being withdrawn, the convenience of tra>
v lltng alone would immediately create a demand for gold coins,
as asubetuute, and enforce the necessity of correcuog that un-
der valuation of them at the mint, which is said 10 have contri-
buted to their disappearance. In concurrence with this, let
measures be taken, as it is believed effectual measures may be
taken, to discour.igeand suppress the circulation of bank notes
under a certain denomination, (ten or twenty dollars) of which
the effect would be to produce another accession to the metallic
circulating medium. The ordinary channels of circulation be-
ing Ihussupplied with gold and silver, the Government would
be prepared, without hardship to Ihe pub ic creditor, to require
payment of its dues in specie, and thus realize a reform, than
which none could be more deeply inteiestmg, in every aspect,
to the safety and prosperity of the country.
"Sir. here is an object worthy to engage the most anxious la-
bors or the patriot and the statesman, and I feel persuaded that,
with a tithe of the t fTort and talent daily expended in the ephe-
meral contests ot party, we should see it happily accomplished.
1 coniure gentlemen, inen, with abilities bo eminently fifed for
this gieat work, to leaie the Bank of the United States to its
late—a latea leady pionounced by the voice of the nation, and
called loi by the highest considerations, connected with thesafe-
ty ol our Irec institution —and to bring foiward their powerful
aid I  an effort to restore the Government to IIs  true constitu-
tional character and destination—thatOF A SIMPLE, SOLID,
IIAKD MONLY GOVERNMENT."
Since that day, tni  eloquent gentleman has dis-
coveied that this measure of tha Administration
for collecting th, rev. nue in gold and silver, and
bringing back the Governtrent to a simple, solid,
hard money standard, is most dangerous; and he
attacks it with all his power. Sir, there are some
singular coincidences connected with this subject,
which I will for a moment notice. There have
existed some differences of opinion as to the ques-
tion whether bank paper should or should not be
used by Government in the receipt and disburse-
ment ot the public revenue. Some were for a
hard money currency exclusively, others for good
bank piper, fco great was the difference of opi-
nion on this and othar matters, that it was said
there was to be a split in the Administration party.
We were onoe told of a Rives parly and a Benton
party. How did it turn oui? Why, sir, Mr. Rives
has now substantially repudiated what he before
advocated and defended I cannot account for it
unless upon the doctrine of coincidences. Mr.
Benton about that time was supposed to be a very
prominent man for the Presidency, and it might be
desirable to kill him off. It might also be that Mr.
Rives had some private griefs in the election of
Coknel Johnson. However, this once favored
son of Virginia was thrown into the ranks of the
Opposition; and his course now is in strange con-
tradiction and contrast with his course in 1334.
The much abused little expunger has now become
a distinguished favorite of the Opposition. We
are not without high authority for the position we
assume, when we say that the batiks themselves
produce those great expansions and contractions
which so mi oh distress the country; and that the
remedy is not in rechartertering the bank*, or in
extending ihe system of credit and confidence be-
yond due bounds. It may perhaps surprise some
gentlemen that 1 should quote none other than Mr.
Biddle himself; whan, unbiased by excitement or
prejudice, he is as capable of forming a correct
opinion on the influence of banking as any indivi-
dual in this country. Let us see what he said in
1823, when writing for the United States Gazette,
in relation to the banking system:
"Like the power of steam, it is eminently useful in prudent
banda; but of tremendous hazard when not controlled. The
constant tendency ol banks is to lend too much and put too
many notes in circulation. Ihe disorder in overtrading
broaght on by overbanking. The remedy is to bank less ana
trade less."
Here we have a most distinguished authority for
saying that the true remedy for our evils is "to
bank less and to trade less." It is the remedy
we shall now have to adopt; and it must always be
the remedy when a country has run wild with
extravagant speculation. In this process, the
country must for a time suffer severely—it cannot
be avoided—it is a matter of necessity, (and
necessity is always the excuse of the banks, yon
know, wh*n it sui's them to contract) But
while Mr. Biddle, in 1823, held these sound  pi-
nion1?, in 1836 he told the country that it was all
a mistake to suppose we bad overtraded, and bank
men generally took the same ground. But I be-
lieve no sensible man will now deny but that we
have ruinous overtrading produced by overbank-
ing. Is it not argued, on boh sides, that an in-
crease of the currency increases prices} Do not
we all know that prices a year or two past were
enormously high? Too high because they could
not be maintair-ed. Ought wheat to be at $2
per bushel and other products in proportion? If
indeed we could keep the price permanently at
that point, it might be all well; but still the
farmer would, in the long run, be no better off
than when he gets a rea son ab e price. I« the
country then benefited, if by an increased ciicula-
tion you double prices? Your house, or s'aves,
or land, worth only $1,000, may be estimated
nominally at (2,000; but you cannot raise a
grain more of wheat, cannot live better,
eat better food," or wear better clothes than be
