June, 1840.____________
26th Cono.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
Independent Treasury—Mr. Hoileman.
H. ot Reps.
fore.   True, yoa are said to be worth twice what
yon were before; bnt   yoa have identically the
same property you had then.    All   you   have
done is to make the currency worth half price
Indeed, I do not believe it is very ma'enal to
the world whetlrr toe amount of money perma-
nently in circulation be great or small.   The dan-
ger   and the difficulty ause  from changing the
standard of value by alternate expansions and con-
tractions.    When   you    multiply    banks,   you
raise the  nominal   pries of produce; but  when
a contraction ensue1;, prices fall, and the purchaser
suffers.   It benefits A, but it injures B in the same
proportion.   The keen sighted merchant and spe-
culator are on the  look out for these changes.
When ihe banks are going to expand, Ke goes into
speculation, and purchases largely; prices nss, and
he gets the advance; he sells his goods to the farm-
er on credit; when the money becomes due, the
price of produce has probably fallen, and the farm-
er mast sell double the amount of grain to pay his
account to the merchant.   The laborer is the last
man to feel the benefit of an increase of the cur-
rency.   Tne price of his labor does not ri^e so soon
as tbe price of provisions and goods; he suffers un-
til he is compelled to strike for higher wages.   In
this there can be no mistake; all know that prices
have been above the point at which they can be
maintained.   The effect has been to transfer the
wealth of the country from the hands of the la-
borers into the pockets of bank directors and «pe-
culators.   I have some  where read of a Fiench
gentleman who contrived to support himself, and
in very good style too, out of the expansions and
contractions in stockjobbing.    A friend in  Paris
warned him beforehand of these changes, and he
availed himself of the information, so as to buy
when stocks were to rise, and sell before tbe fall.
la this manner the banks grow rich-   They ma-
nage the price of stocks as they please; they regu-
late exchanges at their own pleasure; ihey can
make exchange high or low; and according to its
rate they buy or sell.   The community cannot un-
derstand how it is done: we see the effect, not tbe
cause.   The fluctuations in the stock market are
caused by the demand which the basks produce.
The public are unaware when the screw is to be
tamed backward or forward; the hand that moves
it is concealed from view.   Ño wonder that bank
directors build fine houses, and roll in splendor.
Now, we are asked to encourage a system like
this, instead of adopting the only currency recog-
nised by the Constitution.         1
The gentleman from North Carolina on my
right [Mr. Katner] alluded to the connectien be-
tween the Government and the State banks. True,
sir, there was such a connection, and seeing the
unhappy consequences which flowed from it, we
now ask a divorce. We found these false spouses,
instead of doing their duty, were engaged in a con-
spiracy against as.
[Mr. Ratnxb here asked: Does the gentleman al-
inde to any connection of my friends with the
State banks?]
No, sir, I allude to the connection between the
hanks and the Government; but I say we found
these false wives engaged in a erim. eon. an illicit
intercourse with the gentleman's friends, and there-
fore have demanded a divorce from the bonds of
matrimony. We surrender them to the gentleman
and his friends, their seducers, and happy may
they be.
But, Mr. Chairman, we are charged with having
produced all the extravagant accommodations of
these State banks. Now,' sir/1 have already re-
ferred to the conduct of die Bank of the United
States in 1834-5, in increasing its accommoda-
tion from 44 to 66 million*, and iti issues from 15
to 35 millions, and this just before its chaiter was
to expire. This rash and expiring effort of the
great monster caused much ot tbe distress which
afterwards ensued. The paniiular charge is, (hat
President Jackson and his Secretary of ihe Treasu-
ry encourged the banks to extend their loans, and
thus stimulated by Government, the banks started
in the career of extravagance. Sir, I recollect dis-
tinctly in the first place, the charge was made by
the friends of the Bank against the Administration
party, that they had put down tbe Bank, and that
ihe country would requite new institutions, who e
joint capital might be a substitute for that ot the
old Bank. The Administration party in gene-
ral resisted the increase of bank capital which
was demanded. In Virginia we had between six
and seven millions of banking capital: the Oppo-
sition claimed thirteen millions more, and the Ad-
ministration party opposed, and for a year, de-
feated the increase. We received our quota of the
deposites and lent it to the banks. Our Legisla-
ture did finally consent to an increase ot bank ca-
pital to tbe amount of five millions, on such condi-
tions as it was ihought would restrain their
extravagance in the use of it. That was one of
the strong considerations which induced them
to submit to limitations such as had never before
been known in Virginia. My own impres«ion at
the time was that they ou?ht not to extend their
business, though their capital had been incteased.
But gentlemen say that the President and the Se-
cretary required the banks to extend their loans.
The charge, 1 bay, advanced by the Opposition, was
that the State banks never could grant the commu-
nity such facilities as they had obtained from the
Bank of the United States; and the question every
where mooted was, "How are we to get our ex-
changes?" The country was filled with the cla-
mor of the banks'friends, and the Administrate n
were charged with having cut off all accomoda-
tions from the people. In answer to this charge,
the President of the United States and the Secreta-
ry of the Treasury did say to the banks lhat they
were expected to grant such facilities as the Bank
of the United States bad done; that was the advice
given to the banks. When the banks were advised
to grant facilities, it was on the proviso that they
were to go as far as was consistent with the safety
of the Government funds, but no farther. When
the banks went beyond that point, the Administra-
tion were not responsible for their act  or for the
consequences. Now this charge is made by the
very men who clamored for accommodations; who
even sent deputations here to demand them; who
were eager, anxious, greedy, for them; and now,
when in consequence of granting their own re-
quest, distress has come upon the country, they
turn round and charge it all upon the Administra-
tion. It has become but too common a practice
first to urge with great vehemence a certain course
of action, and then to charge a compliance as a
crime. It will also be recollected that the clamor
of the day was that this money was loaned to the
banks without interest. The State banks had a
right to expect this privilege, because they were re-
quired to extend the same facilities ás the United
States Bank had done. Mr. Leigh charged Gen.
Jackson with tyranny for loaning the pubSc money
to the banks without interest. He could not bear
to see the Stale banks enjoying the same benefit
which had been granted to the Bank of the United
States, and introduced a section into the deposite
law which required that when the moneys in the
hands of the banks exceeded a certain amount, in-
terest should be charged. Were not these gentle-
men themselves responsible for these terms? The
Opposition, to a man, went in favor of them; yet
now they turn fiercely upon the President and his
Secretary, because the banks used the public mo-
ney, alter being required to pay interest on it.
If we take all the acts of the Government to-
gether, we find the inconsistency of the Opposition
on another ground. When the Government found
that the State banks used their deposites, without
regard to the interest or safety of the Government,
but that it was fast losing possession of the public
lands, and getting in exchange nothing but bank
credit*, with a view to check this profligate extra-
vagance, the Treasurv circular was issued; and
what took place then? Why, in an instant, the
whole country was filled with the clamors of the
Opposition. This was an attack upon credit. Be-
cause we did not wish to let the whole public domain
go into the hands of speculators, the President was
denounced as a tyrant and a usurper; and this, too,
by the very men who held the Administration
responsible for the extravagant issues of the banks.
So that whether the Administration encouraged the
banks to lead, or checked and restrained their ex-
travagant loans, it was alike in fault, and alike re-
viled. Those who wt-re rapidly transferring the
public lands into their own possession, were the
very men who abu>ed President Jackson for en-
couraging the banks to those loans which alone fur-
nished   the means of making fortunes.
Gentlemen here seem to take great delight in re-
ferring us to Great Britain; they pronounce eloquent
and high soundinsr eul< gtes on t¿p splender ot her
arts and arms, her c >mmerce, and her w de do-
minions. Sip, ther^ ate too many politicians in
our country, wh > like to look to England for ex-
amples, li is true she s ¿reat in arts and in arm*;
and it i*, equally true that -he has been made gieat by
thecrtdtt system. Bin Erg and is greit and distin-
guished for other thin^s be-ide* her arms, her arts,
her commerce, and her powe'jshestan Is mournfully
eminent for ih3 enormout amount oth<*r public debt,
and for the number of her paupers, ground as they
are to the dust by the operation of this her beauti-
-ful credit system. Do you admire h r debt of four
thousand millions, which hangs like a millstone
about the ntck of her Government? It has been
said, I know, lhat by the pressure of that load the
Government is held together. Ii may be so now,
but this state of things cannot last forever. The
time will yet come, when, disregarding all pecu-
niary obligations, the people of that empire will
rise with a giant's strength, assert their rights by
force, and the balance of the debt will be swept off
at a dash. You cannot always keep down a na-
tion of paupers. When starvation stares them in
the face, they will rise in their despair, and lay all
prostrate before them. Gentlemen may admire
the condition of Great Britain: for myself, I con-
fess I see but little to admire. There is much
splendor, much wealth, much renown, and all that;
but it is confined to a few—it is limited to King,
Lords, and Commons—the mass of the people do
not enjoy a state of domestic happiness and cheer-
ful prosper ty. The wealth and the glory are con-
fined to "the higher circles." I do not admire a
nation because it possesses a great navy, a nume-
rous army, or splendid and costly palaces. That
nation alone can be called truly great where the
great mass are contented and happy—where wealth
is widely diffused, and ajl have a share. We may
go on with our credit system, till we are in the
same situatitn with her—we may follow in her
footsteps till we have in this country a bank aristo-
cracy as irresponsible as it is in England. We may
go on till, in this now free and equal community,
we shall behold overgrown wealth in the hands of
a few, while our manufactories are filled with
■starving wretchedness. Would this Increase ear
national Happiness? We may spread our com-
merce, and stretch abroad our arms, till we cm-
brace the world, and still our wretchedness at home
be none the* less. When our merchants and spe-
culators become princes, our poor, like the Irish
peasant, may live on potatoes; and finding not
enough even of these, may be compelled to rebel
for bread. Yet we'are called upon to admire the
elory and splendor of the European Governments.
Gentlemen forget the mass and look only at tbe
nobles. I have no taste for sucha state of society.
I hold it better to guard against that credit system
which, pushed to its legitimate results, will bring us
into the condition of England When we reach
that point, revolution and anarchy must be the con-
sequence. This credit system has enabled Great
Britain to carry her arms and her dominions round
the world, and will at last be her ruin. Her people,
long ground down as laboring slaves beneath the
fett ot a lordly aristocracy, will not forever submit
to their bondage. As a Republican statesman, I
never can consent to draw my political principles
from a man who held the British Government to be
the beau ideal of perfection. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Rayner] pronounced a sound-
ing eulogy on Alexander Hamilton. I shall not
detract from his talents: tbey are known and ad-
mitted by all—yet I cannot but think it strange,
indeed, that a Stale R'ghts Republican, (as I know
thegentleman to profess himsslf.) should select Alex-
ander Hamilton as his model from whom to draw
State Righs political principles. We are fallen en
strange trotes. If ever two parties were founded
on principle, as their grand distiction, it was the
old parties which prevailed in this country in -fl8
