July, 1840._________-
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
appropriation Bill—Mr. Smith.
H. of Reps.
Bot, Mr. S. said, as he had occupied but little
time, of the House this session, he hoped a few mo-
ments would be accorded to him, whilst he pro-
posed to say something in relation to the amend-
ment pending, and briefly to reply to some of the
extraordinary and strange remarks of his colleague,
[Mr. Proffit,] who had just taken his seat. My col-
league (íaid Mr. S) has indulged in a strain of
bitter infective and withering denunciation—and
that, too, in a manner unique and peculiar te him-
self alone.   On this, as on former occasions, he
spoke of his ntter contempt of the President, and
said, "God knows he does hate the President, Mr.  ¡
Van Burén—«hat he would not eat with him or '
drink with him.   I cannot find words to express <
my contempt for him; sir, I would not touch him
with a ten foot pole."   This was the language of >
his colleague.                                                         ;
Sir, said Mr. S. (taming round to Mr. Proffit,) ,
I must implore my colleague, in the name of hu-
manity, to take back his denunciation, to withhold
his hate, and to eradicate his contempt for the Pre-
sident; and I am sure he would, if he was conscious
of the inexpressible and excrutiating pain he was
inflicting. I appeal to this House and to the coun-
try, to tell me, bow it is possible for the President
tonexist under the hate and contempt of my col-
league. Bat, sir, it is fortunate for the President,
(and I hope equally for the country,) that he is not
aware of the hate my colleague bears him—else,
like a wasting atrophy, it would seize upon him,
prey upon his spirits, waste his flesh and end his life
in wretchedness. [Loud laughter ] And, said Mr.
S. ray colleague has unmitigated contempt for all
the heads of the Departments, and all the great Fe-
deral officers. Well, I congratulate my country-
men that they are unconscious of this alarming
faet—the existence of this blighting hate—else on
our return next fall, we would find those officers,
should they live through it, stalking about the
streets here like an army of ghosts, blighted, with-
ered, and wasted away to mere skeletons, under the
contemptuous ire of my colleague—some of whom,
at the present time, weigh 200!bs. gross. [Yes, a
voice cried out, "Levi does." Loud laughter.]
Then, sir, in view of the probable effects, I implore
my friend and colleague to reflect on the quantum
of pain he is inflicting, and the disastrous conse-
quences that may result from it to the injury of in-
dividuals, and perhaps to the country, to spare, oh
spare them! When he is cool, I am sure he will
do as I conjure him—for kindness is ene of his
characteristic virtues.
But my colleague holds this amendment, too,
in contempt, "and the sneaking, low, underhanded
manner in which such thii gs are stolen in upon us
at the end of the session." Sir, I would inquire if
be has reflected whence this amendment came.
Does he not know it is an amendment made by the
Senate to a bill of the House? Should that not en-
title it to some portion of respect from my col-
league. Sir, what is the character of the Senate
of the United States? I have been taught to re-
spect it. I have schooled myself to think highly of
it. Is it not the most august and talented delibera-
tive body in the world? I believe the world would
accord that much to it. This should weigh some
little in the mind of my friend in favor of the
amendment. But that is not worth straws in his
estimation. Well, said Mr. S. my colleague has
pronounced the doom of this Administration, and
says "it must go down, and, if by revolution, it
must go down;" he says, "if he had a son, he
would train him up to arms, and point him to the
purpose." These are extraordinary sentiments to
be. expressed on the floor of the American Con-
gress by a representative of the people. But this
accords well with sentiments I have heretofore seen
expressed in a correspondence of a member of
Congress with a venerable constituent, and pub-
lished and endorsed by a very respectable opposi-
tion paper, the National Intelligencer. In one sen-
tence the correspondent says: "I wonld sooner have
ay property in the funds of Great Britain than in
those of the United States." Another says: "I
should prefer the Government of Victoria." A
third says: "J am tired of this Government," &c.
Sir, said Mr. S. these are extraordinary sentiments
«o be avowed openly through the press, and by re-
44
presentatives who hold seats on the floor of Con-
gress. I do not know the extent of the spread of
such opinions and feelings as these. I hope, how-
ever, their roots do not strike deep into our politi-
cal so 1, for surely it is not possible that any man
can seriously desire to overthrow the temple of
liberty in this happy land. But I am happy to
learn that my colleague has no son to train up in
the way that he would have him to go, but that he
has two lovely little daughters; and I hope they
may live and marry true Republicans, who will
feel and appreciate liberty, love and serve a Repub-
lic in a Democratic form, be faithful to the institu-
tions of their country in peace, and,.if there be
need, that they will fight for it bravely and defend
it nobly in war. Sir, said Mr. S. my colleague is
extremely captious, and expresses streng opposi-
tion to the Government, and openly avows his
eternal hostility to the Administration, avers that
he does not like it, nor that he ever will. Well, it
will be in vain to attempt to quiet my colleague's
opposition. I know his inflexible disposition,
and for my part I wonld as leave undertake by
contract to famish water to cool the flames of hell
as to attempt to allay his ire, or undertake to give
reasons to quiet the spirits of the damned, as to fur-
uish arguments to reconcile him to this Admi-
nistration. Sir, it cannot be done; the words
"eternal hostility" have gone out of his mouth,
and the case is hopeless. Mr. S. said his colleague
seized hold of small 'points, with a microscopic
eye, and threw them out before the public, with a
view, no doubt, to deceive. If so, he mistook the
intelligence of the people. If he thought, by hold-
ing the Government up to them, as extremely pro-
fligate and corrupt, because they have sold a few
bushels of damaged corn in the progress of the
Florida war, for four or five cents per bushel, that
-he would convince them that it was corrupt, he was
mistaken. How such statements may affect
men's constitutents, I know not, but I am sure it
will make but little impression upon mine; they are
a reasoning, intelligent, and liberal, and are always
willing to make due allowance, for they expect im-
perfection in Government as in men. Sir, I would
allow no man to make such statements to my
constituents without proper explanations, and to
go away without exposure.
Mr. S. said that his colleague had a kind of pro-
phetic ken, for he says that he is a " prophet, and
the sen of a prophet." He did not know that that en-
dowment entitled - him to much credit for wisdom
or sagacity. But his impression was that it did not;
for prophets did not come to their conclusions
by auy of the known modes of reasoning, and by
philosophical deductions, but, if trac prophets, spoke
as they were inspired. If not, they are false pfo-
phets, and are not to be believed. Mr. S. was of
the opinion, at the present time, more prophets, or
thos« who professed that gift, were to be found
amongst the illiterate, low, and vulgar, than any
other class of people; and as to modern prophecy,
my friend cannot compare with a set of old women,
socially seated around a tea table. My colleague
says " he had a bad*opini©n of this Government
before he came here." I came here prepared to
find many things wrong, and did not expect to find
perfection in any of the depart me* ts. I regard
the Government as a mighty machine of complex
and extended operations, and did not expect to find
it perfect in all its parts. Those who expect per-
fection will never have their hopes realized.
But (continued Mr. S.) this amtndment and
this eourse of legislation are denounced in no mea-
sured terms as dictatorial on the part of the Ex-
ecutive, and creeping, crawling servility on the
part of the majority of th's House. Well, it
may be so; but is there any thing in it compared
with the tone and temper of dictation of my col-
league, who says "this bill shall not pass with
this amendment," and that he would denounce
any Whig as a Tory, who would vote for it; and
that he gave the friends of the Administration
fair notice that, "if they proposed to carry it, they
must have and keep a quorum in the House."
Sir, (said Mr. S.) these authoritative declarations I
call dictation that comes in no questionable
shapes, when a member will stand up in his place,
and pronounce upon the course a whole party
shall pursue. It may be borne by those who act
with him, or move by his direction, but such a
mode of dictation is not known on our side of the
House. The sequel will prove how far the dicta-
tion is obeyed. I fear the servility of the great
independents will show quite as palpably as
those who are dictated to by the Executive or
his corrupt cabinet officers.
Mr. S. proceeded te make some comments on
the great delay in the despatch of public business,
arising in the House, as he believed, from the un-
due proportion of a certain talking profession,
though he disclaimed any intention of making an
attack on any order of men. But it was a deplo-
rable fact, that matters of the utmost importance
to the nation, were frequently hung up in that
House on a point of order—business of vital im-
portance was protracted and delayed by the
merest pettifogging and special pleading. Ay,
sir, questions of the utmost importance are in
this way suspended for months and for years on
points and punctilios, that the same number of
common sense men would settle in an hour.
.Mr. S. proceeded to show that the cause of many
of the evils of the Government were overlooked. Sir,
(said Mr. S) the President and heads of departments
are charged with and denounced for extravagance,
and strongly implicated as being corrupt, when
no man can put his finger on a cent that any of
them have drawn from the Treasury, not autho-
rized by law. Yet all this does notsave them from
fierce invective. Sir, I think the evil is not so
much in the Executive and heads of departments,
as in the practice which has long prevailed, of ap-
appeinting to office young sprigs of the aristocracy
and boys from West Point, to be disbursing and
contracting agents. These men have never, per-
haps, in their lives, earned a meal's victuals—they
know but little about the use or value of money,
and less about the value of labor. When they
disburse, they do it profusely, and when they con-
tract for the Government, they are the sure victims
of the keen Government speculator. In this
way, sir, the public Treasury is made to bleed at
every pore. The agents are frequently supplied
from another class of gentry, in whose compe-
tency to perform such trusts with ability and fideli-
'ty, I have quite as little confidence. I mean a
kind of quasi professional men, who thrust them-
selves into such places by their continual watching
and ceaseless importunities. In this particular,
I wonld say to the appointing power, discard the
practice of taking disbursing agents from West
Point or the line of the army, and take raen from
the people, of mature age and known probity; and
when you want men to contract, select men from
the same pure source—the great body of the peo-
ple—and if either of those selected in this way
should have been a laboring man at some time in
life, he will be none the less qualified on that ac-
count; but will, perhaps, know experimentally
something of the value of labor. My word for it,
such men will be less the subject of imposition.
Sir, said Mr. S. I do not possess oratory to be a
polished speaker. To do my own speaking in a
plain way, is as much as I can attend to; but I
hold that no man shall trample opon me, after the
manner or style of my colleague, or in any other
way, if I can avoid it. I fear that I have been
more tedious than I intended; bat I shall say a few
things to the amendment, and then conclude.
Sir, said Mr. S. I understand this to be an amend-
ment added to a bill of this House by the Senate,
authorizing the President of the United States, on
certain contingencies, to postpone operations on
certain named and specified works, if it can be
done without injury to the public service, with a
view that the expenditure shall not exceed the
means in the Treasury and accruing revenue with-
in the year. Now, sir, this is plainly and simply
the fact. How is it possible for those croakers
about economy to find so much fault with it? If I
understand the people, this is just what they want;
that is, that the means of the Treasury shall be
kept low, and the expenditures within those means.
The friends of the Administration have proposed
this course, as a measure of economy, and to avoid
encumbering the country with a national debt. It
is a eourse which I heartily approve; hut (said he)
