«9ft
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
86th Cong-•••1st Sbm.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
nions on these points have not been recently or has-
tily formed. I long since embraced them, after
much reflection and observation, and am prepared
to assert and maintain them oh all proper occasions.
But, sir, I am not to be caught by words: I have
too much experience for that. It is in vain that I
am told that this is a contest between corporations
and individuals—the artificial, legal person, called
a body politic, and the individual man, as formed^
by his Creator. All this is lost on me. I look not"
to where the blow is professedly aimed, but beyond,
where it must fall. The corporate, ideal thing at
which it is said to be directed, is intangible, and
without the capacity of hearing, seeing, or feeling;
but there are beneath, thousands on thousands, not
shadows, but real, sensitive human beings, on
whom the blow will fall with vengeance. Before
we act, let us look at things as they really are, and
not as we may imagine them, in the fervor of
debate.
The States have, by an unwise and dangerous le-
gislation, centralized in banks and other corpora-
tions, to a very great extent, the relation of creditor
and debtor. Were I to assert that these central points
could not be touched, without touching, at the same
time, that wide-spread and all-pervading relation,
in its minutest and remotest ramification, I would
scarcely express myself too strongly. To subject
them to this measure would, then, be to subject to
it, in reality, almost the entire relation of creditor
and debtor. It would be bankrupting by wholesale
—a prompt and forced settlement of the aggregate
indebtedness of the country, under all the pressure
of existing pecuniary embarrassments, made mani-
fold greater by the measure itself.
In order that the Senate may have some idea
how vast and comprehensive the measure is, I will
give a statement from the paper in my hand, which
contains the moat recent account we have of the
number and condition of the banks.
There were, then, by estimation, on the first of
January last, upwards of nine hundred banks, in-
cluding branches, with a capital of upwards of
three hundred and fifty millions, having debts due
to them of more than four hundred and sixty
millions, and by them of more than two hundred
and seventy millions, making the aggregate indebt-
edness, to and by them, upwards of seven hundred
and ten millions of dollars, with a supply of specie
but little exceeding thirty-three millions. By in-
cluding the banks, this vast amount of indebted-
ness, concentrated in the banking system, would
be subject to the operation of the law, should the
measure be adopted. But the amendment extends
far beyond, and takes in all corporations for manu-
facturing, commercial, insurance, or trading pur-
poses; or which issue, pay out, or emit bills, drafts,
or obligations, with the intention of circulating
them as a substitute for money; which would add
to the indebtedness brought within its operations,
hundreds of millions more. Never was a scheme
of bankruptcy, so bold and comprehensive, adopted,
or even proposed, before: no, not in England itself,
where the power of Parliament is omnipotent, and
where the system has been in operation for three
centuries.
Such is the measure proposed to be adopted, at
such a period as this, when there is a universal
and intense pecuniary embarrassment—when one-
half of lie banks have suspended payments, and
when their available means of meeting their debts
are so scanty. At such a period, and under such
circumstances, any creditor, or creditors, to whom
a bank, or other corporation, may owe not less than
five hundred dollars, may demand payment; and if
not paid in fifteen days, may take out process of
bankruptcy, on application to the Federal courts,
and place the corporation, with all its debts, credits,
and assets, in the hands of trustees, to be wound
up, and the proceeds distributed among its creditors.
I venture nothing in asserting, that one half of the
banks, in numbers, and amount of capital, and a
large portion of the other corporations, might be
forthwith placed in commission, should the mea-
sure be adopted; which, including debts, credits,
capital, and assets, would amount at least to seven
or eight hundred millions; all to be converted into
cash, and distributed among those entitled to it.
How is this to be done? Where is the
cash to be had, at such a period as this, par-
ticularly when one half or the banks would
be closed, and their notes equalling one half of the
present scanty supply of currency, would cease to
circulate? What sacrifices, what insolvencies,
what beggary, what frauds, what desolation and
ruin, would follow!
But would the calamity fall with equal vengeance
on all the land, or would there be some favored,
exempted portion, while desolation would oversha-
dow the residue'! Let the document* which I hold,
answer. It is a communication from the President,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of the
Treasury to this body, dated the 8th January last,
containing a list of the suspended and non-suspend-
ed banks of last year, arranged according to States,
beginning with Maine. I find, on turning to the
document, that there are nine hundred and fifty-nine
banks, including branches, in the Union; of which
five hundred and thirty-eight are in New England
and New York. Of this number but seven are sus-
pended, if Rhode Island be excepted. Her banks
all suspended, but I understand have since.re-
sumed. The Senator near me, from that State,
(Mr. Knight,) can answer whether such is the fact.
[Mr. Knight assented.]
There are, then,sir, in New England and New York
five hundred and thirty-one banks which are not
suspended, and but seven that are. Now, sir, if we
cross the Hudson, and cast our eyes South and
West, we shall find the opposite state of things. We
shall find there four hundred and twenty-one banks;
of which three hundred and sixty-eight suspended
in whole or part, and fifty-three not. It is probable
that the present proportion is still more unfavor-
able.
Can we doubt, with these facts, where the storm
will rage with all its desolating fury? Is there any
one so credulous as to believe that any one of the
suspended banks, throughout that vast region, or
many of the non-suspended, under the panic which
the passage of the act would cause, could meet their
debts, and thereby escape the penalties of the act?
And if not, is there any one here prepared to place
at once all the banks south and west of New York,
with few exceptions, in the hands of assignees, un-
der the jurisdiction and" control of the Federal
courts! Is there any willing that their doors should
be all at once closed; their notes cease to circulate;
their affairs wound up; their debts to and from
them to be forthwith collected; their property and
assets converted into money by Federal officers,
acting under Federal authority, and all that
might be left from plunder, fraud, and forced sales,
distributed among creditors'? And how, I ask, is
so mighty a concern, amounting in the aggregate,
certainly to not less than five or six hundred mil-
lions of dollars, to be at once wound up? Where
is the money to bs found to pay the debts to and
from the banks, and to purchase the vast amount of
property held by them and their debtors, which
must be broúghtat once underthe hammer? Where
found, after their notes have ceased to circulate, (as
they would, as soon as process of bankruptcy is ta-
ken out against them,) and before specie could
come in to supply their place? Were it possible to
carry through the measure, it would spread unheard
of destruction and desolation through the vast por-
tion of the Union,*on which the blow would fall;
such as the marching of hostile armies from one
extremity to another; the sweep of tornadoes; the
outpouring of floods; or the withholding from the
parched and thirsty earth the fertilizing droppings
of the clouds, would give but a faint conception. But
it would be impossible. If you were to adopt the
measure, you would ordain what would not, could
not, be executed. Public indignation would para-
lyze the hand of the grasping creditor, stretched to
execute it, and sweep your act from the statute
book ere it could be enforced.
I turn now from the immediate effects of the mea-
sure, were it possible to carry it into effect, to in-
quire what would be its permanent, if adopted. Its
first effect, after the desolating storm had passed
over, would be to centralize the control over all the
banks that might be spared, or thereafter chartered,
in the banks located where, the public revenue
would be principally collected and disbursed; and
where that would be, I need not say. The reason
is obvious. The fiscal action of the Government
would keep the exchanges steadily and permanent-
ly in its favor. Now, sir, every man of business
knows, that the banks located at the point where
exchanges are permanently favorable, can control
those where they are unfavorable. The reason is
obvious. The former can draw on the latter with
profit; and, through their drafts, command their spe-
cie, or notes, at pleasure, while the reverse is the
case with the latter. Hence the consequence would
be control"on one side, and dependence on the
other, increasing with the increasing amount of
♦No. 72 of the Senate, present session.
collection and disbursements, which, by their ab-
sorbing character, would draw with them the im-
ports and exports, with an increased control over
the exchanges. Add to this the power which this
measure would place in the hands of the banks at
the favored points, and I hazard nothing in assert-
ing that it would at all times be in their power to
crush, by a sudden and unexpected run, the banks
elsewhere, which might incur their displeasure,
with greater ease, and more effectually, than the
late United States Bank, in its most palmy days,
ever could.
The next permanent effect would be, to place the
whole banking system under the control of this
Government. It would hold over the banks the
power of life and death. The process of bankrupt-
cy against an incorporation is but another name for
its death warrant. It would give, with the power
of destroying, that of regulating them, without re-
gard to their chartered rights. The same bold con-
struction that would authorize Congress to subject
them to a bankrupt law, would give it the power to
determine at pleasure what shall or shall not con-
stitute acts of bankruptcy, by which it might limit
the extent of their business, fix the proportion of
specie to liability, and make it a condition for one
dollar in circulation, there should be a dollar in
their vaults. The possession of such a power
would give Congress more unlimited control over
the banks, than that which the States, that incorpo-
rated them, possess, or which you would possess
over a Bank of the United States, chartered by
yourselves. Your power over such an institu-
tions, and the States over their own banks,
would be limited by the acts of incorporation, while
yours over the banks of the States, with the bank-
rupt power in your hands, would be without any
other limitation, except your discretion.
It is easy to see that the complete subjugation of
the State banks to your will, must be the result of
such unlimited control; and not less easy, that with
their subjugation the conflict between this Govern-
ment and the banks would cease, to be followed by
a close and perpetual alliance. It is in the nature of
Governments to wage war with whatever is op-
posed to its will, and to take under protection that
which it has subdued; nor would the banks be found
to be an exception. They would be forced to conci-
liate the good will of the Government, on which
both their safety and profit would depend; and in no
way could they more effectually do that, than by up-
holding its power and authority. They would be
thus forced, by the strongest appeals to both their
fear and hope, into the political arena,
with their immense power and influence, and to
take an active and decided part in all the party
strifes of the day, throwing their weight always on
the side which their safety and profit might dictate.
The end would be the "very reverse of that for
which we, who are in favor of a divorce of Govern-
ment and banks, have been contending for the last
three years. Instead of divorce, there would be
union; instead of excluding the banks from the po-
litical struggles of the day, they would be forced to
be active and zealous partisans in self-defence; and
instead of leaving the banks to the control of the
States, from which they derive their charters, you
would assume over them a control more powerful
and unlimited, than has ever been before ex-
ercised over them by this Government, either
through the pet banks or a National Bank. This
control would be the greatest at the principal points
of collection and disbursement—the very point
where that of the local banks would be the greatest
overall others. It follows that the Government
would have the most decisive and complete control
over those that would control all others; and, by
lending their powerful aid and influence to main-
tain their control, would in reality control the
whole banking system; thus making, in effect, the
banks at the favored points the National Bank, and
the rest virtually but branches. If to this we add
the control which it would give over the other and
powerful corporations enumerated in the amend-
ment, it may be safely asserted, that the measure, if
adopted, would do more to increase the power of
this Government, and diminish that of the States—
to strengthen the cause of consolidation, and
weaken that of State rights—than any which has
ever been assumed by Congress.
Having pointed out the consequences, I now de-
mand, in the name of the Constitution, what right
has Congress to extend a bankrupt act over the in-
corporated institutions of the States, and thereby
seize on this immense power? The burden of
proof is on those who claim the right, and not on
