r
June, 1840.
26th Cons...«1st Sess.
APPENBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69S
Independent Treasury—Mr. Black.
H. of Reps.
us, who oppose it. I repeat, ours is a Government
of limited powers, and those who claim to exercise
a power, must show the grant—a clear and certain
grant, in case of a power so pregnant with conse-
quences as this.
I ask, then, those who claim this power, on what
grounds do they place if? Do they rest it on the
nature of the power, as being peculiarly applicable
to banks and the other corporations proposed to be
embraced1 If so', frail is the foundation. Never
was power more unsuited to its subject—so much
so, that language itself has to be forced and per-
verted to make it applicable. Taking corporations
in their proper sense, as bodies politic, ana there is
scarcely a single portion of the whole process, be-
ginning with the acts of bankruptcy, and extending
to the hnal discharge, applicable to them. What
one of the numerous acts of bankruptcy can they
commit'! Can they depart from the State, or be ar-
rested, or be imprisoned, or escape from prison, or,
in a word, commit any one of the acts without
which an individual cannot be made a bankrupt!
No, but they may stop payment, and thereby sub-
ject themselves to the act. True; but how is the
process to be carried through. The provision re-
quires the bankrupt to be sworn: can you swear
corporations'! It requires divers acts to be done by
the bankrupt, under the penalty of imprisonment:
can you imprison a corporation! It directs a dis-
charge to be given to the bankrupt, which exempts
his person and future acquisitions: can a corpora-
tion, receive the benefit of such discharge! No;
the process itself is the dissolution, the death, of the
corporation. It is thus that language is forced,
strained, and distorted, in order to bring a power so
inapplicable to the subject to bear on corporations.
It would be just as rational to include corporations
in insolvent laws, which none has been, as yet, so
absurd as to think of doing.
The right, then, cannot be inferred from the na-
ture of the power. On what, then, can it stand!
On precedents! I admit that if, at the period of
the adoption of the Constitution, it was the practice
to include corporations in ucts of bankruptcy, it
would go far to establish that it was intended by the
Constitution to include them. But the reverse is
the fact. As long as the system has been in opera-
tion, there is not a case where a corporation was
ever included, either in England, this country, or
any other, as far as can be ascertained, nor ever
proposed to be. The attempt in this case is a per-
fect novelty, without precedent or example; and all
the force which it is acknowledged the practice of
including them would have given in favor of the
right, is thus thrown with a weight equally decisive
against it.
Bat we have not yet approached the real diffi-
culty.   If the power was ever so appropriate, and
the only one that was—if precedents were inriu-
merable—it would only prove that this Government
would have the right of applying the power to in-
corporations of its own creating.     It could not
go an inch beyond, and would leave the great diffi-
culty untouched; the right of Confess to include
State corporations, in an act of bankruptcy, passed
by its authority!   Where is such a power to be
found in the Constitution!   It seems to be forgot
that this and the State Governments are co-ordinate
Governments, emanating from the same authority,
and making together one complex, but harmonious
and beautiful system, in which each, within its al-
lotted sphere, is independent, and coequal with the
other.   If one has a right to create, the other can-
not have the right to destroy.    The principle has
been carried so far, that in the case of the State of
Maryland and McColough, the Supreme Court,
after elaborate argument, decided that a  State, in
the exercise of its undoubted right of taxing, could
not tax a branch Bank of the United States, located
in its limits, on the ground that the right of taxing,
in such case,   involved  the   right of destroying.
Admit, then, Congress had the right to include cor-
porations  of  its  own  creation,  still,  according
to the principle thus recognised, it could not in-
clude those created by the States; unless, indeed,
the fundamental principle of our system, admitted
even by the extreme consolidationschool of politics,
that each Government is coequal and independent,
within its sphere, should be denied, and the absolute
sovereignty of this Government be assumed.   If,
then, the States have a right to create banks, and
other corporations enumerated in the amendment,
it follows that Congress has not the right to destroy
them; nor, of course, to include them in an act of
bankruptcy, the very operation of which, when ap-
plied to corporations, is to destroy.   But whether
they have or have not the right, belongs not to Con-
gress to decide. The right of the separate Legis-
latures of the States to decide on their reserved
powers, is as perfect as that of Congress to decide
on the delegated. Each must judge for itself in
carrying out its powers. To deny this, would be
virtually to give a veto to Congress over the acts
of the State Legislatures—a power directly refused
by the convention, though anxiously pressed by the
national party in that body.
Such-and so conclusive is the argument against
the right; and how has it been met! We are told
that the States have greatly abused the power of in-
corporation. I admit it. The power has been sad-
ly and dangerously abused. I stand not here to de-
lend banks or other incorporations, or to justify the
States in granting charters. No; my object is far
different. I have risen to defend the Constitution,
and to resist the inroads on the rights of the States.
In the discharge of that duty, I ask, can the abuse of
the right of granting bank or other charters, give
you the right to destroy or regulate them! Are you
ready to admit the same rule, as applied to your
own powers! Have the jState Legislatures abused
their powers more than Congress has its powers!
Has it not abused, and grossly abused, its powers of
laying taxes and appropriating money! And what
assurance is there, with these examples before us,
that Congress would not equally abuse the right of
controlling State corporations, which is so eagerly
sought to be vested in it by some! But we are also
told that bank paper—worthless, irredeemable bank
paper—has deranged the currency, and ought to be
suppressed. I admit the fact. I acknowledge the
mischief, but object to the remedy, and the right of
applying it. I go farther. If the evil could give
us the right to apply any of our powers to remedy
it, regardless of the Constitution, the taxing power
would be far more simple, efficient, and less mis-
chievous in its application. It would be applied to
the specific evil. That which has deranged the
currency, and defeated the object of the Constitution
in relation to it, is the circulation of bank notes.
There lies the evil; and to divest the banks of the
right of circulation, is to eradicate it. For that pur-
pose, what remedy could be more simple, safe, and
efficacious, than the taxing power, were it constitu-
tional. By its means, bank notes might be gradu-
ally and quietly suppressed, and the banks left^n
full possession of all their other functions unim-
paired. There is but one objection to it, but that a
decisive one—its unconstitutionality. It would be
a perversion of the taxing power, given to raise re-
venue. To apply it to suppress or regulate the cir-
culation of bank notes, would be to change its na-
ture entirely, from a taxing to a penal power,and
is therefore unconstitutional-, but not more so than
to include banks and other corporations in an act of
bankruptcy, as proposed by the amendment, while,
in every other respect, it would be greatly prefer-
able.
One other ground still remains to be considered.
The authority of influential names has been re-
sorted to, in order to supply the defect of argument.
The names of two distinguished individuals, who
formerly filled the Treasury Department, have
been introduced—Mr. Dallas and Mr. Crawford—
in favor of the right of including banks. If this
was a question to be decided by authority, it would
be easy to show that their opinions, as able as they
were, would be entitled to little weight in this case.
It was casually and incidentally givVn in a report
on another subject, and that calculated to lead them
to an erroneous view in reference to this power.
Such an opinion, given under such circumstances,
by the ablest judge, would have little weight in a
private case, even in a court of justice, and ought
to have none in this body, on a great constitutional
question. Besides, it is well known that the opinion
of both was in favor of the constitutionality of a
National Bank, and that, too, after a full and deli-
berate consideration of the subject. Now, sir, I
put the question to the Senators who have quoted
their casual opinion, in favor of the constitutionality
Qf including banks in a bankrupt law, are they wil-
ling to adopt their well considered and solemnly de-
livered opinion in favor of the right to incorporate a
bank! And if not, how, on the ground of precedent,
can they adopt the one and reject the other! The names
ofotherdistin^uishedindividuals have been quoted—
Randolph, Macon, White, Smith, and others—but,
in my opinion, unfairly quoted. It is true, they
voted, in 1827, when the bankrupt bill was then be-
fore the Senate, in favor of an amendment to in-
clude banks; but it is equally so, that the amend-
ment was moved at the end of a long debate, when
the Senate was exhausted, and that it was but
slightly discussed. But, what is of more impor-
tance, they were opposed to the bill; and, as the
amendment came from a hostile quarter, and was
clearly intended to embarrass the bill, it is not im-
probable that it received the votes of many with the
view of destroying the bill, without thinking whe-
ther it was constitutional or not; just as some, no
doubt, will vote against the opposite amendment, to
strike the banks out, now under consideration, from
the belief that it is the most effectual means of de-
stroying this bill. But if the question is to be de-
cided by weight of names, and the vote on the oc-
casion to be the test, the weight is clearly on the op-
posite side. The vote stood, 12 to include the
banks, and 35 against; and among the latter will be
found names not less influential—that of Tazewell,
Rowan, Hayne, Berrien, the present Secretary of
Treasury, and finally that of the present Chief
Magistrate. But why attempt to decide this question
by the weight of names, however distinguished!
Do we not know that all those referred to belonged
to the political school which utterly repudiates the
authority of precedents in construing the Constitu-
tion, and who, if they were now all alive, and here
present as members of the Senate, would not regard
the name of any man in deciding this important
constitutional question!
I have now presented the result of my reflections
on this important measure". To sum up the whole
in a few words, I am of the opinion that the whole
project, including the bill and the amendment, is
unconstitutional, except the provisions embracing
compulsory bankruptcy, as it is called, as far as it
relates to individuals; and that, u^er existing cir-
cumstances, to be highly inexpedient. Thus think-
ing, I shall vote, in the first instance, against strik-
ing out the bill, and inserting the amendment; and,
if that succeeds, against the bill itself.
SPEECH OF MR. BLACK,
OFljSEORGlA.   /
In the House of Representatives, June 15th and 16/A,
1840 —On the Independent-Treasury bill.
Mr. Cushing of Massachusetts having moved to
strike out the enacting clause «if said bill,
Mr. BLACK said: Hii experience in legislative
assemblies, as well as in th&court-house, had taught
him that little was to be gained to the cause or tbe
advocate by prolix speeches and lengthened debate.
Empty benches, or a drowsy audience, were tbe
sure consequence of that vanity wh'ch exhibits it-
self in telling a thrice-told tale, or in reiterating ar-
guments which, however true or forcible of them-
selves, were tits and familiar to honorable gentle-
men who sat in committee. He hoped to avoid
the error to which he alluded, by addressing him-
self, in the remarks he had to make, to the people
of the State of Georgia. He spoke for the benefit
of hit constituents, and for the purpose of explain-
ing and elucidating his own course in relation to
the great financial question which divides the coun
try. He was one of those who did not regard the
Federal Government as the prime source of the be-
neficial results which flow from enlightened legisla-
tion; for, while he professed a due regard for the
constitutional powers of the Union, he looked with
increasing confidence beyond this Government, to
the States, for the preservation and enforcement of
those principles upon which the Confederation was
formed, and on which its perpetuity depends. If
the f untain be pure, the waters which flow from
it will be clear and bright. The States are the con-
stituents of this Government; and it was, there-
fore, infinitely more important to address tbe argu-v
ment and discussion of this question to the r^ople
tban to attempt the conversion of gentler^eu hare,
who were supposed to be but echoing the voice of
their constituents at home. It vas not his inten-
tion to contemn the Hoasej his purpose was
simply  o ad ¡ress. htfttself to those who were the
Uue, source* «f power and authority; when they
were convinced, their representatives would require
no argument to indue* them to legislate in accord-
ance whh, that conviction. He would, therefore,
speak as if he was addressing the Legislature of
Georgia; and he hoped that he would be enabled,
by the facts and arguments he should adduce, to
show that his present position in relation to this
bill was in strict accordance with that of his own
