694
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
S6tm Con6 '"1 t Sk s.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Black.
H. of Reps.
State, and of many prominent men of the State
Rights party.
Sir, said Mr. Black, I rejoice that this question
has at last been reduced to a distinct, direct, and tan-
gible issue he/en the people.   I congratulate this
House and the country, that henceforth the Inde-
pendent Treasnry system will be placed before the
public eye, not as heretofore—"solitary and alone,"
but in contrast with a National Bank, which has
been announced within the last week upon this
floor by gentltmen high in the confidence of their
party, as the great counter proposition on which
the Opposition rely.   The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Coshinq] in the able speech with
which he opened this debate, denounced this bill as
the exponent of a system which he was plea ed to
designate "the measure of the Administration."
Sir, I accept the designation; it is emphatically
"rax measvrk  of the Administration;" and upon
that measure   mainly, I go to the  support of
Mr. Van Burén.   Upon  that  measure he must
stand or fall in the pending contest; for while there
are many other grounds upon which I am com-
pelled to support him in obedience to] principle,
the Independent Treasury system stands out promi-
nently and pre-eminently as the measure on which
he rests bis claims to the suffrages of his country-
men.   This, then, is our proposition; what is its an •
tagonistf   The honorable member from Kentucky
(Mr. Underwood) and his colleague, who preceded
me, (Governor Pom,) while they condemned tbi*
bill in unmeasured terms, announced that a Na-
thwal Bank was#e only source to which we could
look for relief; and the gentleman last up (Gov.
Pon) actually read to the committee his projet of a
bank, with a capital of from fifty to seventy-five
millions.   These honorable members to whom I re-
fer, stand deservedly high in the confidence of the
modern Whig party; and to them, therefore, we
have a right to look, as the organs of that party on
this subject.   But, in order that mere  may be no
misunderstanding on a point so important, I my-
self, on the authority of these gentlerren, will reite-
rate, as I sow do, .in the presence of this commit-
tee, that "a natiohal bbhk" is the great measure
of the Whig party, and is now propounded by that
party as the antagonist of the Sab-Treasury system.
If in this I misrepresent the Opposition, it I have
not truly stated the Whigs and their policy upon
this subject, I will cheerfully yield the floor to any
member of that party for the purpose of correcting
the mistake, and defining their posit on.   I am in
earnest when I offer the floor for this purpose, and
I wait for its acceptance.   Sir, no member of that
party thinks proper to rise in his place and deny,
either for himself or his political associates, the
correctness of the statement I. have made.   I am
glad of this, said Mr. Black; for, while I con-
tend that I am consistent in ray support of this
bill, it enables me to ascertain and expose the
promt position of those in my own State, who,
although   my   former   friends   and   allies,   are
hereafter to be regarded as my political adver-
saries.   Here, then, is the Independent Treasury,
"the measure" of the Administration, on one hand,
and a National Bank, "the measure" of the Whigs,
on the other.   This brief statement constitutes the
great issue joined between the two contending par-
ties, and which is shortly to be submitted to the
final judgment of the people of this country.   Upon
this issue the belligerants ate now iu the open field
—our enemy has left his masked battery—his visor
is up, and the wily politician, who heretofore ma-
noeuvred behind a bank, is now fighting for it openly
and desperately in front of that institution.   Into
that war I go, un ler the "flag" which bears for its
inscription "a divorce of Bank from Slate."   This, at
least, is «i issue for the public eye—an Independent
Treasury, or a United States Bank.   Either is the
only alternative of the other, and bttween tbem the
people are called on to choose.
Sir, while our opponents thus declare that a
United States Bank is their measure of relief, I am
free to admit that there may be a few individuals
of that party who profess yet to entertain constitu-
tional scruples against a Bank; but they are only
individuals, rori rumies in gurgite vasto, and the
exception which they present but proves the fact
as to their party.   Let us us look for a moment at
the situation of these individuals, opposed to the
Sub-Treasury, and opposed to a United States
Bank! It has been said that the wit of roan can
devise but one other mode of collecting, keeping,
and disbursing the public revenue, namely,
the pet bank or deposite system. If they ab-
solutely reject the first two propositions, they
are then thrown back per force upon the old,
repudiated, exploded, State depositories, the
only other and remaining agents to which the Go-
vernment can by possibility resort. Will they
venture to avow their willingness to go back to
that system which resulted in the loss of millions
to the people? Sir, I put the question respectfully
but earnestly to them. The wheels of Government
cannot stand Hill; the revenue must be collected
and kept in some way or other, and our debts must
be paid. How shall it be done? They will not
resort to the agency of their own officers; they are
opposed to a United States Bank; and no one has
yet had the temerity and folly to sugseu a return
to the net banks. Their position, then, results in
this: that, as there are but three possible modes of
collecting, keeping, and disbursing the public mo-
ney, to neither of which they agree or consent, they
are absolutely without any plan for administering
the Treasury of the United States. Glorious and
impracticable statesmen, with neither theory nor
practice I No, sir; tbe truth is, these scrupulous
gentlemen, who see so much that is objectionable
in the bill on your table, and who yet profess te
entertain doubts of the constitutionality of a Bank,
will, in a little while, be merged in the mass of the
great bank party, of which they are active mem-
bers. Having been "mustered into the service,"
they will be compelled to obey the word of command,
' as given by Clay, Webster, and the other captains
who lead them to the contest; and, however they
may writhe under the necessity, they will be forced
by the power of party to sustain those who sustain a
Bank. It may be a bitter pill to them, but still they
must swallow it, constitutional objections, scruples,
and all. Tbe State banks, as fiscal agen's, are out of
the question; and, as they have "enlisted for the
war," they will be compelled by the mass into which
they have thrown themselves, to more onward
to the establishment of a bank, the avowed object
of the party to which they are so unnaturally allied.
How, sir, will they answer to the country? Of
what avail will it be to them when they are arraiga-
ed^beforethe people for aiding sucha cause.to plead
their constitutional scruples! They will be told by
their indignant constituents (whose "scruples" tbey
are supposed to represent) that, as a Sta'e bank
system is out of the question, those who ore against
the Sub-Treasury must be for a Bank, and tbey will
be held answerable for the re-establwhment of an
institution, which, in the words of Thomas Jeffer-
son, "is one of the most deadly hostilities existing
against the principles and form1? of our Constitu-
tion," and which "may, in a critical moment, up-
set the Government."
So much, Mr. Chairman, for those who, while
they profess to doubt upon constitutional grounds,
are doing every thing in their power to aid iu the
re-establishment of that powerful institution, by
resisting and opposing the fiscal measures of this
Administration.
Sir, there is one advantage which we have in
this contest, of all the benefits of which I desire to
avail myself. If there be any merit, in these days
of construction and expediency, iu the conceded con-
stitutionality of a proposition, then are we entitled
to i'; for the opponents of the bill admit that it is
strictly constitutional, and object to it simply on
the ground of inexpediency. On the other hand, we
aver that a bank is not only inexpedient and dan-
gerous to the country, but we solemnly protest,
that, so far from being within the constitutional
scope and power of Congress to charter such an
institution, that instrument confers no power.en
this body to create corporations or banking compa-
nies, in any shape or form. Thus, sir, while the op-
position to the Sub-Treasury is reduced to the sec-
condary objection of inexpediency, its antagonist
measure is liable to the double objection of being
both unconstitutional and inexpedient. Tbe Federal
party do not pretend to claim any express grant of
power in the Constitution on this subject; they
seek to attain their object by implication and con-
struction only; and are, consequently, presented be-
fore the people in the unenviable attitude of en-
deavoring to exercise a doub'ful and dangerous pow-
er, to say the least of it, in opposition to a measure
of clear and admitted constitutionality.
Sir, I will not now argue the constitutional ques-
tion at large; I may do so before I sit down.    I on-
ly refer to this state of the case, in order that my
constituents may know  that the bank party,   al-
i though thay rant and roar in unmeaning declama-
¡ tion against the Sab-Treasury, and the ruin it will
bring on the people, admit that it is strictly wiihin
the limits of the Constitution.    However this ad-
mission may be lightly regarded hereabouts by
your "if necessary" and expedient politicians, the
people of Georgia will look upon it, I am sure, as
a glorious concession of our fidelity 'o principle.
Sir, said Mr. Black, there is a party of men in
,  Georgia, who have attempted lately to hold me up
to public reprobation.   Among  them  are many
with whom I have heretofore acted, and who are
indebted to me for many a hard struggle in de-
fence of the principles  they professed when we
were political associates.   While  they   who   are
now loudest and most fro ward to  condemn  me
as an apostate, hung back in   the  beginning  of
the   contest,   which   created   us   a  party,   and
avoided tbe odium of our name, while they pru-
dently   pocketed the benefits of  our  principles,
I was among the first to offer myself a martyr to
our faith, which, although scouted and reviled as a
damning heresy then, (because it and our motives
were not understood,) is now recognised as the true
doctrine.   This association of men, composed of a
fraction of the old State Rights party, held, as you
are aware, a convention at Milledgeviile, on the
first Monday in this month.   Their first act was to
abandon their old name of Slate Rights—a name
which had given them a distinctive tharac er on
principle—and to assume the personal appellation
of the anti-Van Buren party.   With this  oblivious
preparation for the sacrifice, they nominated W.
H. Harrison for the Presidency, and rejected my
colleagues, Judge Colquitt and Major Cooper, and
myself; at the same time, they expressed  their ap-
probation of the remainder of our delegation, by
renominaing them upon their Congressional ticket.
Now, sir, if this convention had objected to u«upon
the ground of personal or mental   imbecility, al-
though it would, indeed, have been mortifying, yet
we should not have felt ourselves bound, as we now
do, in justice to ourselves and our friends,   to de-
mand the cause of our proscription.    Ay, sir, I de-
mand it here, and I shall demand it when I go
home among   my constituent?.     They, at least,
have no private griefs, personal preferences, or of-
ficial aspiration , to warp their judgment. Personal
considerations weigh not a feather with them; and
if I show you, as I think I can, that I have not
misrepresented the State of Georgia on this leading
measure, I will at least have shifted tbe burden of
proof from myself to the convention, to show cause,
before the people, why Cooper, Colquitt, and my-
self, have been condemned as unworthy the cofi-
dence of the State.
With this view, let us recur to tbe question:
Ought 7, as a Representative of Georgia, to be con-
demned for opposing a bank by advocating the Inde-
pendent Treasury! If I did, I should be setting at
naught the deliberate and repeated resolutions of
our Legislature, solemnly avowing her hostility to
"this mammoth of aristocracy." For the purpose
of showing that my po.-ition is in strict aecordance
with that of the State I represent, I ask the Clerk to
read from this volume of the laws of Georgia the
preamble and that part of the resolutions I have
marked relative to a United States Bank.
"IN SENATE OP THE STATE OF GEORGIA.
"Whereas one of the first principle* on which our Govern-
ment, State and Federal, is founded, is the right of the consti-
tuent to instruct his representative, and the correlative duty o
the la tec to obey the will of the former, when distinctly express-
ed to him, or to resign the trust delegated to him, if he cannot
conscientiously represent and advance such wil';
"And whereas our Senators in Congress, elected by the Legis-
lature, and responsible to the people througn this body, cannot,
on principles of reason, good sense, or honesty, disregard the
expression of the will of the people, made through the Legisla-
ture, on subjects to which public and general attention has been
called; it is therefore only proper and right that this General
Assembly express to our Senato-s the will of the people, and
instruct them to use their best efforts, in their proper sphere, to
advance said will;
