696
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
26th ConG'^'Ist Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Black.
H. of Reps.
Gamble and Mr. Foster voting, on the 1 lih Febru-
ary of the same year, to recommit the bill regu-
lating the depoaites of public money, with instruc-
tions so to amend the same as to dispense altogether,
in the fiscal operations of the Government, with
the agency of banks:
Ftbruary 11,1835.—-"The House resumed the considera-
tion of the bill (No. 563) regulating the dedosite of the public
money of the United Slates in certain local banks.
"The question recurred on the motien made by mr. Ro-
bertson that the said bill be recommitted to the Committee of
Way  and Means, with instructions so to amend the same as to
dispensa wita the agency or instrumentality of banks in the
fiscal operations of the Government.
"And, after debate, the question was put on the motion made
by Mr. Robertao^for the recommitment of the bill, and was
decided in the negative—yeas 91, nays 116;"
Thomas F. Foster and Roger V Gamble voting in
the affirmative.
But the crowning act of the legislative career of
these gentlemen is to be found in the voles they re-
corded on 4e same day in favor of the first Sub-
Treasury bill ever proposed in the United States; I
allude to the amendment offered by Mr. Gordon of
Virginia, which, if it had been adopted, would
hare thrown the Sub-Treasury into operation with
an immtrfirte, not prMpeeltw, specie clavse: i read
from the Journal of the House of Representatives:
"Wednesday, February 11, 1835.— "The question recurred
an the motion make by Mr. Gordon to amend the said bill, tíx :
strikeout all thereof after the enacting words, and insert—'
"That from andafteTthe-----day of-----in the year-----,
the collectors of the public revenue at places where the sums
collected shall not exceed the sum of-----dollars per annum,
shall be the agents of the Treasurer to keep and disburse the
same, and be subject to such rules and regulations, and gire
such bond and security as he shall prescribe, for the faithful ex-
ecution of their office, and shall receive, In addition to the com-
pensation now allowed by law,-----par centum on the sums
disbursed, so that it dues not exceed the sum of-----dollars per
annum.
"Sao.2. And be it further enacted, That all places where
the amount of public revenue collected shall exceed the sum of
--------dollars per annum, there shall be appointed by the Pre-
sident, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, receiv-
ers of the public revenne, to be agents of the Treasurer, who
shall give such bond and security to keep and disburse the pub-
lic revenue, and be subject to such rules and regulations, as the
Treasurer shall prescribe, and shall receive for their services
--------per centum pet annum on the sums disbursed, provided
it does not exceed the sum of--------dollars per annum..
"Sue. 3. And be it further enacted, That from and after the
--------day of-------, the whole revenue of the United States
derived from customs, lands, or other sources, shall be paid in
the current coins of the united States.
"And on the question, Shall the bill be so amended? it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 33, nays 161.
"1 be y ess and nays being desired by on  fifth of the members
present, these who voted in the affirmative are: John Quincy
Adams, Hernán Allen, John J. Allen, Chilton Allan, William 8.
Archer, Hoyes Barber, James M. Beale, Martin Beaty, Robert
B. Campbell,Nathaniel H. Claiborne, William Clark, Augus-
tine 8. Clayton, Amos Davis, Thomas Davenport, Edmund De-
berry, THOMAS F. FOSTER, ROGER L. GAMBLE, James
n. Gholson, William F. Gordon, John K. Griffin, James P.
Heath, Robert P. Letcher, Dixon H. Lewis, Henry C. Martin-
dale, William McComas, Francis W. Pickens, John Robertson,
David Spangler, John N. Steele, William P. Taylor, Richard
H. Wilde, Lewis Williams, Henry A. Wise. 
[Mr. Wise asked permission to" explain, as his
name appeared among those who votad in the af-
firmative. He was understood to say, in substance,
that when he voted for the bill just read, he did it
more out of respect and courtesy to bis colleague,
Sir. Gordon, than from any serious intention to
grant what the bill demanded; and that he regarded
it then, as he did now, as a humbug. He referred
to the ótaence of many others, whose votes appear-
ed with his, and he had no doubt if they were pre-
sent lbey could explain the part tbey bore in the
transaction to the satisfaction of the House.]
Mi. Black resumed: He had nothing to do with
the vote of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Wise] He was obliged to read it, because it was
there apon the record, staring him in the face. His
attention was directed wholly to Georgia, and those
who had represented her. It bad been intimated,
however, that some of those who supported Mr.
Gordon's bill were absent. Sir, said Mr. Black, I
deny it; they are here, in our very midst, living wit-
nesses upon your record in favor of an Indepen-
dent Treasury; and their testimony will remain un-
til this Government shall perish, speaking volumes
in behalf of those who support this Administration.
I will not believe that my predecessors voted for
that bill as a "humbug," for it would be holding
them np to the people of Georgia in an exceedingly
questionable light. Their vote, I have no doubt,
was given upon doe reflection, and with a fall
knowledge of what they were voting for. Their
character for sober thengbt and mature delibera-
tion forbids me t« think otherwise.
Sir, I have been asked by my honorable col-
league [Mr. Kinu] whether the vote which my
predecessors cast in favor of General Gordon's pro-
position should be consideied as binding them to
vote for this bill. My answer is easily given. It
seems to me that consistency, if they have not ho-
nestly changed their opinion?, would require them
to support this measure. Let us look lor a mo-
ment at the bill for which they did vote. It is far
more ultra in its provisions than the one upon your
table. While it provided that the receivers and
collectors of the public revenue should be the agents'
of the Treasurer, they were subjected to such rules
and regulations, and should give such bond and
security only as the Treasurer should think proper
to prescribe; and that officer himself wits left entirely
to his own discretion. It contained none of the pre-
scriptions, restraints, or penalties, which the pre-
sent bill throws around the functionaiies it cre-
ates. It provided that the whole of the revenue, af-
ter a---------day, should be collected in "current
coin.1' Here, then, we have the specie clause in
perfection; not prospective and gradual, as in the
bill on your table, but immediate and total. This
is not all, sir. This celebrated Sub-Treasury bill,
for which, it seems, my predecessors may be allow-
ed to vole without incurring censure, required that
the debts due to the Government .should be collected
tn coin; but it nowhere enacts that the debts due'by
the Government to the people should be paid in coin.
No, sir; (hose who had labored for the country, and
lo whom the Government was indebted, were left,
to take care of themselves as well as they could.
Why, Mr. Chairman, convinced as I am of the ex-
pediency of the bill now before u*, and which has
been carefully elaborated by its friends in all its de-
tails, I do not think I could have voted for General
Gordon's bill in 1834 unless the important defects
which I have noticed in it had been_ remedied by I
amendment. I hope that my colleague is not only j
answered, but convinced, that he who, in 1834, :
could muster courage enough to vote for a bill of '
such latitude and allowance—a bill with an imme-
diate and total specie clause, and which provided
for the collection, but not for the payment, of gold
and silver, might surely venture to support, in
1840, 'the measure" of the Administration, guard-
ed and restricted as it is by express limitations and
fearful penalties.
Sir, said Mr. Blics, I will pile Ossa on Pelion;
I will bring you other "golden opinions" from
Georgia ia favor of this measure. While
her Legislature and some of her Repre-
sentatives were condemning a bank, and striv-
ing, with admirable constancy of purpose,
to legislate a Sub-Treasury, with an immediate
specie clause, into existence, many eminent citizens
of that State publicly expressed their views in fa-
vor of this system. In 1838, when candidates for
office had not yet learned to made no more "new
issues for ike public eye;" when they neither stood
mute before the peopie, nor declined to say "what
they would, or would not do if elected"—in those
days of open, undisguised, Republican simplicity,
a number of the citizens of Georgia addressed in-
terrogatories to the individuals who then were can-
didates for Congress in that State. They were
asked,among other things, for their views in rela-
tion to the Sub-Treasury and bank. From the let-
ters written in reply I select one, because I have it
at hand. It was written by my colleague, (Mr.
Nesbit,) who sits before me, and I refer to it now
only to fortify myself by the precedent and exam-
ple of a man who is held in some esteem by his
friends at home.    Here, sir, is the letter:
"Macon, Ga. August 36,1838.
"Genixsmbn: The questions propounded through the public
press to the candidates for Congress in this State, by a number
of the voters sf Taliaferro county, I beg leave respectfully to
respond.
"I am in favor of an entire separation of the Government
from all banks; and 1 am also for divesting the Govern-
ment of all influence over the currency, so far as that is prac-
ticable.
"I am, therefore, against the establishment of a national
bank, and against the reorganization of the pet bank scheme.
"Allow me to refer to my letter addressed to the Macon Mes-
senger, for a full exhibition of my opinions upon these ques-
tions.                       Respectfully, 4c.
"E. A. NESBIT,
"The Editors of the Southern Recorder"
[Mr Nesbit desired to explain.    It was true he
had written the letter just read.   Although he was
favorable to divorcing the Government from all
banks, and wa« opposed to a United States Bank
and thepet bank scheme, he had ever been opposed
to that feature ef this bill usually denominated
.the "specie chuse;" and before this letter could be
relied on as an exposition of his opinions upon
this subject, it should be taken in connection with
his letter to the Macon Messenger, which was dis-
tinctly referred to in the above. After some debate
between Mr. Black and his colleague not relative
to the question, Mr. Black íesumed.]
Sir, I question no man's motives; but I have a
right to refer to this letter, not only because it
comes from a respectable soutce, but because the
opinions therein expressed have, received the sanc-
tion of the State of Georgia by the subsequent
election of the writer to the seat he now occupies.
As to the letter to the Macon Messenger, it was
doubtless referred to by bis colleague to approve
and enforce, not lo contradict or deny, the letter I
have just read, to the people of Taliaferro.
Hence, sir, I have a right to claim that gentleman's
support of this "great measure of deliverance and
liberty;" since, whatever may have been his reser-
vations, I have conclusively shown to you that he
who is "against the establishment of a National
Bank, and against the reorganization of the pet
bank scheme," must necessarily be in favor of an
entire separation of the Government from all
banks. If this be the inevitable conclusion, as I
think it is, it remains for that gentleman to ex-
plain the whys and wherefores of his opposition to the
present bill. If the details are not acceptable to
him—if the specie clause frightens him from
his proprieties, consistency, at least, requires that he
should make some exertion te correct that defect by
moving to strike out or amend.
Sir, said Mr. Black, my other colleague who
sits near me, (Mr. King,) scorning to remain silent
under the*interrogatories which had been addressed
to us all, promptly announced his opposition, not
only to a national bank, but to a connection of
bank and State. I regret that 1 have no access to
his letter at this time; and, therefore, if I have mis-
quoted him, he will correct me at once.
[Mr. Kino explained. He bad written the letter
alluded to, in which he expressed his opposition to
a national bank, and his support of a separation of
bank and State, but "he had reserved his opposition
to the Sub-Treasury bill then beiore the country,
atd he was also opposed to the bill on the table.]
Mr. Black resumed. He would not allow him-
self to doubt the correctness of his colleague's
statement. But if gentlemen recognise the princi-
ple on which this measure rests, is it not incumbent
on them to make some effort to correct objectiona-
ble details? I myself readily admit the importance
of details; the most acceptable measure may be pre-
sented to you in such a shape and form ás to en-
sure your opposition; but thrse who hope lo excuse
their opp sition to a measure in 1840, which they
approved in 1838, on account of objectionable de-
tails, must first show that they have exercised their
privileges on this floor in attempting to eradicate
the errors of which they complain. No such mo-
tion has been made. The only question before the
committee is on the motion to strike out the enact-
ing clause, which, in fact, is a motion condemnato-
ry of the measure itself. But (said Mr. Black) I
am content to know, so far as my own vindication
rests on the opinions of other men, that in 1833 my
co'league and myself were together in oppposition
to a bank; at that point there was a coincidence be-
tween us. Since we have left that point, in our
onward journey, I have arrived at the only other
station on the direct road. Where is my colleague
and former companion? I look around for him in
vain. Is he yet on the road? and will he yet arrive?
or has he, by opposing the only alternative against a
United States Bank, deflected upon a route which,
however circuitous, must necessarily lead him
back, though contrary, it may be, to his desires, to
the very institution which we left and condemned
in company with each other. Sir, I also had the
honor of writing a letter, b'fore the election in 1838,
to the people of Franklin and Taliaferro counties
upon this subject. On that occasion, I deemed it
my duly to answer; and upon that answer I was
elected.   If I had stood mute the people wonld
