June 1840.
AÍ Í>ENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
26th Cong.......1st Skss.
Independent Trmsury—Mr. Black.
H. of Reps.
liabilities* it would ba sure to incur? Where
is the valuable property to meet its promi.es to
pay? It is true the bslance shttt of the directors
would exhibit, to the minutest frac'ion of a cent, a
certain something, which they call funds, ju^ suffi-
cient in amount to pay their debts. But when the
day of reckoning come-, their gold and silver turn
out tobe an "abstract noneiitfj," and their goods
and chattels are embraced under a sheriff's return
of «mfa ama. At th's point of profitable insol-
vency, my colleague [Mr. Kino] comes to their
relief. He would have the currency (bank bills)
based in part on specie, and in part on the produc-
to* industry of tfie country. Those who wou:d cre-
ate a bank, and enable it to make contracts, do not,
at the same time, provide the corporation with gold
aad til ver, or other \aluable property, wherewith
i o comply with those contracts, and redeem their
paper emissions. No, sir: no provision of this
sort is made. How, then, are their bill?, which
constitute our currency, to be redeemed? In part,
says my oolleague, with specie, and in part by the
productive industry of the ptoplt. As this is a most
important and startling proposition, I will quote
tie gentleman's own words, from his speech on the
Treasury note bill.    He says:
"In tha progress of fioancial science, this country and Great
Britain hará adoptad a credit system, founded on banks of dis-
cnant, deposite, and circulation, which supply a currency based
on the precious metals and the productire industry of the
pttpk- This system has «prang up under the fostering care,
aoooatof the very nature and spirit of our Republican Institu-
tioas, and the character of our people for integrity and enter*
prise."
Here, then, is the broad assertion that the banks
of this country supply a currency, (that is, bank
bills,) based on the precious metals, one! on the pro-
aWnlsf industry of the people. Interpret this part
of the gentleman'* speech, and how will it
read? Why, sir, in plain English, it means that
oar currency, which is almost exclusively paper
promises to pay, is based upon, and supported by,
the precious metals, and by the labor of the people.
If these bills are ever redeemed, they must be paid
with specie, as long as it lasts; when that source of
solvency fails, then with the products of the indus-
of the people! The produce of your labor, of
aune, and of my constituents, who may not
own one dollar of bank stock, is to be seized on,
and appropriated as a basis, in part, for our curren-
cy, and, consequently, as a means of redeeming
and paying off the paper issues of the banks. And
mis beautiful system of appropriating the produce
of the people's labor to pay the debts of corpora-
tions, we are gravely told, springs out of, and is
fostered by, .our Republican institutions and the
abaraeter of our people ? This, sir, is your modern
credit system, and from it I wholly and totally dis-
sent; and if I have not greatly mistaken the people
of Georgia, they will fix upon it the seal of their in-
dignant condemnation, as a principle which, if suc-
cessfully practised, will not only destroy their
rights, but rob them of their property. Sir, the
people whom I represent will never consent that
the produce of their labor shall be appropriated as
a basis for any paper emissions, except for their own
bonds, drafts, orders, due-bills, and promissory
notes. Let the banks pay their own paper, and
the people pay theirs.
[Mr. Kwg rose and objected that the deductions
and inferences his colleague [Mr. Black] had
drown from that part of his speech just quoted,
were illegitimate, and did not convey his meaning
or intention.]
Mr. Buck replied: Here are the gentleman's
worif; I can't tell what he would mean; I only tell
joa what lie has said; and I submit to our consti-
tQesJs whether I have not drawn therefrom the only
rtssonable inferences and deductions which the
gfatlemau's printed remarks will bear.
But I shall be told that ths people, by receiving
these bills, make them their own; that the bank
holds the notes and obligations of the people; and
that «hen these are paid, the bank will be enabled
to pay their bills. Now, as between the few origi-
aal borrowers and these insti.utions, the question
■ay be a little different; but even between them,
there is only an exchange of credits; ihe borrower
fives his endorsed credit, backed by his property
and personal responsibility, for the unendorsed, irre-
sponsible credit of the bask; the borrower receives
no money in return for his note—nota cení; he
only receives a promise to pay money on demand;
and if he demands that payment, he rliay be law-
fully met with his own note. For his folly, in
making so fruitless an exchange, he los-es the inte-
rest he paid in the shape of discount, and gels
back his own note for the notes of the bank. Thus
far, there is not much to complain of; for the fa-
vored few who originally borrow, act with their
eyes open, and a set off between them and their
creditor is fair and just. But heie the fairness of
the transaction s'ops; the few individuals who
11 get accommodation," pass the bills they receive
in'o the hands of the people far a valuable con-
sideration; and thus these institutions become, in
truth, the debtors of the people—their bills being
payable to beam, against which they have
nothing to show but the promissory notes of those
with with whom they or ginally exchanged credits.
The bill holders, having parted with their property
upon the faith of these promises to pay money, demand
payment; and are told that the currency, being based
on the productive industty of the country, must be
paid by the people, and redeeraed by the produce
of their labor. This is a game, sir, which, if well
played, must win every thing for the bank, and
lose every thing for the people; for they are not
on<y called on, in the first place, to part with their
property for this currency', but are required, ulti-
mately, to redeem that currency wi>h the produce
of their industry. If the banks had originally paid
out gold and silver, instead of promises to pay,
then the productive industry of the country would
be properly liable for the repayment of the money
loaned, or its equivalent; but until such a state of
things can be shown to exist, the banks are the
debtors, and the people the creditors.
Sir, said Mr. Black, a national bank has ever
been, and must still be, a source of oppression to
the State banks. As between the two, unconnected
with the Government, I shall always be found
aiding and supporting our local institutions; and,
with the history of the past before me, I should be
recreant to (heir interests if I did otherwise. Let us
look at the connection whieh has existed between
some of the State corporations, located in Savannah
and the branch of the national bank in the same
pJac*. It will be seen, by a resolution of our own
Legislature, that the United States Bank was not
only witting, but able to oppress and harass our
local banks. Not only so, sir, but it actually held
the State of Georgia at bay; and her Legislature
was fain to advise, that "all collision with the Bank
of the Unitfd States be eschewed, if possible."
RESOLUTIONS OF THE GEORGIA LEGISLATURE.
"In Senate, November 30,1821.
"The joint committee on banks, to whom hag beenreferied
the expositions of the Bank of the State of Georgia, the Plan-
ners' Bank, and the Bank of Darien, report:
That they have, upon a car ful examination of the exposi
tions of the sate and conditions of the aforesaid banks,found that
their capacity to meet their engagements'at this time rests upon
the basis of a metallic capital ef considerable amount. The
Planters'Bank, ihousfh involved in some embarrassingdifficul-
ties with the branch of the United States Bank in Savannah, has
made a report evincing the most wholesome conditition. The
State and D trien Banks, though the claims against them bear a
greater proportion to their means of paying, are still considered
as being in a state of unquestionable solvency; and it is a
pleasing reflection, that amid the trying difficulties which have
surrounded the commercial part of the community, a diminution
of the usual dividends declared on the stock of the greatest evil
likely to result from the present emqarrassment of the banks.
"Your commitue aak leave further to report: That the State
of Georgia, by the establishment of her banking institutions,had
two great objects in view The one to furnish to her citizens
a Bale and convenient medium of circulation, to the exclusion
of the bills of the banks of other States: the other to enable
her to have the funds of the States profitably invested in bank
stork.
"Both of these objects have either entirely faiteó, or have
been considerably abridged, by the operations of the office of
the Bank of the United States at Savannah; which, in the opi-
nion of your committee, having been intruded upon the State
of Georgia, without her consent, is an interference with her
sovereignty as an independent State.
"Because the aforesaid office of the Bank of the United States,
located at Savannah, did, for a long time, refuse to issue its bills;
and, by accumulating the bills of the State banks, as the
depository of the revenue of the United btates, and
by other means perfectly within its power, has not
only taken from the State her medium of circulation for
her valuable products, but by frequent and repeated demands
for large sums in specie upon the State banks, had well nigh
drained their vaults, thereby threatening their destruction, and
compelling them, hi order to meet the exigency, to curtail their
discounts, insomuch as to deprive the State and the individual
stockholders ef then- usual and expected dividends.
"In such a state of things, your committee would advise no step
which might array the State against the authorities of the
United States, or injure the credit of the bills of the banks of the
State of Georgia. They would advise all collision with the Bank
of the United States to be eschewed, if possible. But a proper
regard to the safety at their own institutions demands,and im-
periously requires, that something should be done for their pío-
tection.
"Your committee, therefore, recommend that a law ahallbe
passed establishing a rate of interest between the United States
Bank and the banks of the State of Georgia, below the present
legal rate of interest of the State, and so low as to prevent the
said banks from being benefited by an accumulation of the bills
of each o:her¿ for which purpose your committee recommend
the passage oi a law.
"And furth<-r, your committee recommend that, while the
State banks shall rigidly persevere i,i paying their bills In spe-
cie to nil individuals applying therefor, who may not be ageats
of the Bank of the United States, or either of its branches, that
they shall refuse, whenever they may think prudent so to do, to
pay specie for their bills to the United States Bank, oritsoffi.
ces or a ¡rents, upon giving sixty days' previous notice of such
intention.
"And your committee confidently hope that public opinion
will bear the State institutions out in such a course oi" conduct,
as none other seems, in the mindof your committee, tobecal-
culated to save the State institutions eventually from utter anni-
hilation, under existing circumstances, to the great injury of
the State, and of the individuals who are, or maybe, stockhold-
ers in the aforesaid banking esiahlishments.
"Approved December 22, 1821."
This resolution «hows that our local banks once
felt the arm of the great regulator; and that even the
State of Georgia, while she sought to throw the-
egis of her Legislative protection over her own in-
stitutions, was driven to invoke the aid of public
opinion to bear them out in their course of conduct.
So powerful was this instimtion, and so heavily
had it oppressed some of the local banks in Savan-
nah, that the Legislature was compelled t  inter-
fere, to protect the rights of her citizens. The bank
was denounced ás an intruder upon the sovereign-
ty of the Slate, and as exercising its power to de-
stroy those institutions to which I have referred.
In the words of Hugh L. White: "This state of
things was produced because the directors managed
the bank with a view to their own interests and
that of their friends, disregarding the interests of
that community from which they had acquired their
power.   May they not do so again?    Have we
NOT REASON TO PEAR THEY WILL, IF THE CHARTER IS
PROLONGED?"
Let my constituents who are interested in the lo-
cal institutions of the South turn to ihe report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, made to the Senate of
the United States in 1838, showing the comparative
price of local batik paper in 1827, when a Nation-
al Bank was in existence, and when its paper was
the "par value," and in 1836, when the great regu-
lator had cpased to exist:
A table showing *ht highest and lowest price of banknotes at
________Philadelphia, in the years 1827 und 1836.
Banks of
During the ex-
istence of the
United States
Bank, 1827.
Maine
New Hampshire'
Vermont -
Masschusetts
Rhode Island
Connecticut
New York city   -
New York, country
Philadelphia
Other Pennsylvania
New Jersey
Delaware
Baltimoie
Other Maryland -
District of Columbia
Virginia  -
Western Virginia
North Carolina   •
South Carolina   -
Georgia   •
Florida    -
Alabama ■
Louisiana
Mississippi
Tennessee
Missouri  -
Illinois
Indiana   -
Kentucky
Ohio
Michigan
Canada   -
2* to li d.
2} to 1 d.
2* to 1 d.
1 to 21 a 1
d.
2 to
li to 1 d.
Par.
1 to 3d.
Standard.
Par to I d.
Parto2ald
Par to ljd.
id. to par.
ftoitf
I to Id
Í to lid.
3 to 4* d.
3 to Si d.
i to ljd.
3to2d.
10 to 26 d.
5to4d.
6d.
7 to lOd.
30 to 40 d.
4~to6d.
10 to 13 d.
6 to6d.
Under the
State bank
system, 1828.
1 to I a 1 d.
1 to al d.
I to : a 1 d.
1 to; al d.
1 to: a 1 d.
Itofal d.
Parte id.
UolioV
Standard.
Parto 2J d.
Par to Id.
Partojd.
i to i d.
* to l d.
| to 1 d.
| to li A.
Uto Sid.
2 to 3d.
2to3d..
2 to 34.
No sales.
3 7d,
24 to 6 J.
3to6d.
3to6d.
No sale.
3to5d.
3to3id.
2to 3d.
2 to 3d.
2to3d.
2to4id.
From this table, wbteh is authentic, it apnea
that, during the reign of the United Stales Bank,
the paper of the banks of Virginia, Maryland,
North and South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,
Louisiana, and Mississippi, ranged at Philadel-
phia, in 1827, at from k to 25 per cent, discount.
la 1836 they had risen, in the same city, to from  
