7§6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1140.
26th Cono.......1st Seis.
Bankrupt Bill—Air. Underwood.
H. of Reps.
would nut part with on any consideration. It has bean a little
shaken since I saw you; but, one expression in your letter
goes fax to recall it. I think you have not been attentive to my
plans and instructions. In this I certainly think you have erred,
and also in your failure to repoi t fully tome. Throwing, for
a moment, seniority aside, I ask it of your ancient connection
with me to be more careful in those particulars in future. It
will give me sincere delight to put down this war with you,
and to (live you all the fame which I know you are so capable
ofwinmag.                                                              *
1 presume that you have approached a little nearer to Fort
Mitchell .for the convenience of obtaining supplies. Some
corn has been sent thither for your use, and I uaderstand
eight hundred or a thousand bushels may be had at a planta-
tion below.
I shall not detain you in a state of inactivity many days. The
arms, and some ammunition, must reach the place to-morrow,
and the troops will march down, on the Georgia side, to place
themselves below the enemy on the 22d. I think we shall cross
the river about the mouth of the Cow-ag-gee. It is said there
are no Indians Mow. 1 wish you could come into line with me
there; but, as that cannot well be, without crossing you over
to the Georgia side, and thence recreating the river, I shall wish
you to act downwards, as soon as the Georgians are in position to
inarch in the opposite direction. More particular instructions
you will receive from me, on this point, in a day or two. In
the mean time, I wish you to send a force to the foot of the
Hchee shoals, (which, I understand, is just about a mile above
the creek of the same name,) in order to construct at that place
a shed, closed at the ends and sides, capable of receiving and
sheltering (say) one hundied thousand rations, with about five
thousand bushels ofcorn. The lumber, (boards and scantling,)
as also nailSjShall be shipped from this place te-morrow or the
next day. The uuraber of men to be sent for this purpose, and
to remain as a guard, you will please designate. Axes,
spades, saws, and nammers,shall also be sent to the spot by Tues-
day evening. A field work, of slight construction, will no
doubt he necessary for the guajl; and you will give instruc-
tions accordingly.
I shall have to leave not lees than fifteen hundred Georgiaaa
to guard the left bank of the river. The Alabamians may pro-
tect the depot at the loot of the Uchee shoals.
Vou shall hear from me again, probably to-morrow. Let me
have a report from you on the above subjects, and suggestions
as many as you please.
With renewed regard, I remain with great respect, your
most obedient servant,
WINFIELD SCOTT.
Major General T. S. Jssup,
Commanding Division Army of the South.
Now, sir, in this letter, Jesup is told that his letter of the 17th
is "as strange as any" before written; that he is making "po-
pular flourishes*' and "dead points" for future use against his
superior commander; and that the "facts stated by him" (Scott)
justified his "complaints." The subsequent part of the letter
ripiess'y acknowledges that his "affection," cherished for
more than twenty years, has been "a little shaken." And al-
though there was "one expression in your (Jesup's) letter
(which) goes far to recall it," yet there is no open acknowledg-
ment of cordial reconciliation. It is manifest that a lurking
suspicion still rankled in the heart But what does the letter
say relative to future operational What response does it give
to the recommendation of Jesup to move his; army, and "end
the war before to-morrow nighrt" Hear him! "I shall not de-
tain you ma state of inactivity many day*. The arms and
some ammunition must reach this place to-morrow," Ac "I
think we shall cross the river about the mouth of the Cowag-
gee " Still uncertain at what point he would cross! "More
particular instructions you will receive from me on this point
in a (jay or two." "In the meantime I wish you to send a
force, <5cc. to construct a shed capable of receiving and shelter-
ing (sav)nne hundred thousand rations, with about five thou-
sand bushel* ofcorn!!!" "You shall hear from me probably
to-morrow!" Well, sir, Jesup could stand it no longer; he
preferred attacking the Indians to building "sheds" and longer
delay. On the 20th he reported to his commander, as he was
ordered to do, an I, in the conclusion of that report, stated to him:
"As I was placed on this service by the express order of the
President, I shall apply to him t j be relieved, and shall demand
a ourt of inquiry.'1 And on the same day he wrote a letter to
F. P. Blair, which has travelled the rounds in every newspa-
per, and which being laid before Gen. Jackson, he immediately
ordered the recall of General Scott, and invested Gen. Jesup
with the command.
1 have thus given the correspondence which led to the Blair
letter; and it seems to me, sir, that no one can read it without
saying that there is an entire absence of every thing like in-
trigue on the part of Jesup, and that be was forced to write as
he did, "to be relieved" from the goading censures, if not the
official insolence, of superior rank.
After General Jesup had terminated the Creek war, he was
placed In command of the Florida army. This was not done,
however, until the 4th of November, 1836, when the following
order was given him by the Secretary of War:
Wax Department, Nov. 4,1836.
Sm: Before this communication reaches you, you will have
become fully acquainted with the retrograde movements of
Gov. Call, and the other events connected therewith, which
have recently occurred in Florida. These circumstances have,
for a time, suspended offensive operations; and, from the feeble
state of Gov. Call's health, it is to be feared he will not be able
to prosecute the campaign, when resumed, with that prompti-
tude and energy which the crisis demands. The President has,
therefore, determined to commit to you the command of the
army serving in Florida, and the general direction of the war
against the Seminóles.
You will accordingly, on the receipt of this communication,
should you then be at Gov. Call's headquarters, (and if not, so
soon as you can leach there, or can communicate with him,)
assume the command of all the forces in the Territory.
The hostile Indians having been discovered in considerable
force on the banks of the Withlacoochie, and it having been also
ascertained that their principal camps and settlements are situ-
ated on the south side of that river, vou will immediately make
all suitable arrangements for a vigorous attack upon their
strongholds, and for penetrating and occupying the whole coun-
try between the Withlacoochie and Tampa Bay. With a view
to this end, you will first establish posts at or near the mouth of
the Withlacoochie, at Fort King, and at Volusia, and you will
take the proper measures for securing, through them, the safety
of the frontier.   You will also, through the same posts, and by
such means of transportation as may be most certain and
economical, make permanent arrangements for procuring
sufficient and regular supplies. So soon as those dispos.tions
shall be completed, you will concentrate all your disposable
forces, and proceed, without delay, to cross the Withlacoochie,
and to possess yourself of the positions now occupied by the In-
dians, attacking and routing them in their strongholds, and
scouring the whole country between the Withlacoochie and
Tampa Bay.
Should you succeed in bringing the Indians to a general en-
gagement, and in defeating them therein, the ready submission
of the tribe may probably be expected. If, however, they should
abandon their present position on the Withlacoochie before you
reach it, or you should drive them from it without entirely sub-
duing them, you will then take such advanced positions towards
the south of Volusia, and to the east and sooth of Tampa Bay,
as the nature of the country may admit, and push from them
such further operations as may be necessary to the most speedy
and effectual subjugation of the enemy.
The above direction to attack the enemy in his strongholds,
and to possess yourself of the country between the Withlacoo-
chie and Tampa Bay, you will regard as a positive order, to be
executed at the earliest practicable moment. In other re-
spects, you will exercise a sound discretion, and will adopt such
measures as you may deem best calculated to protect the
frontiers, and to effect the subjugation and removal of the In-
dians.
Great confidence being reposed in you r prudence, energy, and
skill, it is deemed unnecessary to urge you to promptitude or
activity, or to impress on you the importance of early and fre-
quent communications.                              B. F. BUTLER.
Major Gen. Thos. S. Jesup, V- 3. Army, Florida.
No one can examine the documents, without being convinced
that General Jesup did not get into Florida as an intriguer for
command. Having traced him there, I shall now notice the
charge of his having violated the white flag, and committed an
act ol treachery in the capture of Powell, or Oceola.
In March, 1837, the Seminóles, by a treaty made with Gen.
Jesup, at Fort Dade, capitulated. The nation was represented
in this treaty by Micanopy, their king or principal chief. In
August following, at Fort King, Gen. Jesup had a conference
with Coehadjoand other chiefs, and there told them that they
must not attempt to come in unless they were prepared to fulfil
the treaty and go west of the Mississippi, for he would hold no
more "talks" with them. The Indians suggested that, if they
came in with a view to go West, they might be fired upon by
Jesup's men. To prevent this, Jesup gave them muslin with
which to make white flags, and told them to hoist such flags,
and they should not be fired upon. With these flags Coehadjo,
Oceola, and others, came in. Oceola was worn down and sick,
and died not long after he came in. Coehadjo was af;erwards
sent after his people, all of whom did not come in with him, and
they removed west of the Mississippi. Gen. Jesup received
information that Oceola and his associates, who then came in,
intended to deceive; and that their motives were probably hos-
tile, and that they did not intend in good faith to fulfil their en-
gagements. Under this information they were seized and con-
fined, and this is the whole of the matter about which so much
clamor has been made. Sir, these Indians had no right to use
the flags which had been given them for any other purpose than
that stipulated; and if they came in as spies or for hostile pur-
poses, as Gen. Jesup was informed and believed, the violation
of faith, the act of treachery, was on their side, not on Jesup's.
Permitting Coehadjo afterwards to go at large and bring in his
people, is conclusive evidence that there was no disposition on
the part of Jesup to violate a flag, or to confine those whom he
had taken, on being satisfiedjthat they were acting in good faith.
Did Oceola come under his flag to negotiate peace, or to ex-
change prisoners, or to do any other business usually transacted
by the commanders of hostile armies under a flag of trucel No,
sir; he, through Coehadjo, was no doubt informed that there
was to be no more negotiation, and that when they used the
flag, it must be done for the purpose only of secunngtheir safe-
ty incoming in to emigrate. I will not detain the committee by
detailing the various acts of Indian treachery in disregarding
their capitulation, disregarding their parole, and inducing their
hostages to fly from our custody, in consequence of all which,
by the rules of civilized warfare, Jesup might legitimately have
sacrificed the lives of his prisoners, instead of simply confining
them with a view te make them perform their engagements.
I only allude to these things to show that, when the whole are
taken in connection, there is ample ground to justify the con-
duct of lien. Jesup. But does any, here or elsewhere, inquire
inte these things! Do his assailants seek for the truth? If they
do, why not raise a committee to investigate all the incidents
of the Florida wafl Why not get up a court martial? Jesup
will no m re shrink from either tribunal than he did from the
fire of the enemy at Chippeway or Bridgewater.
Mr. Chairman, it is extreme cruelty to tl e officers of the
army to attack them here before taking the proof. Raise your
committee, ascertain the facts, and then, if they have disgraced
themselves or their country, handle them as roughly as you
filease; but I beseech gentlemen not to strike at random for po-
itical and party purposes. I beg them not to aim a blow at the
Administration by calumniating the officers of the army. They
only help the Administration when they assault the reputations
of officers who are unassailable.
The gentleman from New York (Mr. Monroe) seems to think
that General Jesup is Indebted to General Scott for the laurels
he won during" the last war, I would sooner undertake to prove
the converse of the proposition. Sir, mj object is to defend
Jesup, who has, I think, been greatly wronged, and not to assail
Scott. But if the gentleman from New York will take the trou-
ble of looking into the official reports of the battles of Chippe-
way and Bridgewater, he will find that Jesup acquired imperish-
able reaown, not by merely obeying the orders ol General Scott
but by originating and executing, in the most brilliant manner,
movements which conduced as much as any others to win for
our arms those glorious victories. It is true that General Scott
assigned to General Jesup (then a major in rank) his post in the
battle of Chippeway; but the order to "support arms and ad-
vance " which Jesup's men executed in the face of a tremen-
dous fire from the enemy, the repulse of the enemy's right wing,
and the attack of his right flank, was all the work of Jesup and
and the brave 25th, and gave the fiist evidence that the victory
was ours. In the battle of Bridgewarer, the brave 25th, with
Jesup at their head, was "thrown to the right, to be governed
by circumstances." Never did commander use his discretion
more for his own fame or the glery of his country than Jesup
did on thauday. General Brown, in the official report, says of
him, "He had succeeded in turning the enemy's flank, had cap-
tured (by a detachment under Captain Kechum) General Riall
and sundry other officers, and showed himself again to his army
in a blaze of fire which defeated or destroyed a very superior
force of the enemy." Yes, sir, in that "blaze of fire," two
horses were shot under him, and four balls penetrated his body,
and yet he remained on the field of battle, giving orders, until
the work was complete.
The gentleman from New York seems to think that General
Jesup has encountered but little personal risk or danger, except
when he was serving under General Scott. Not so, sir; General
Jesup has, on many occasions, gallantly presented himself to
the enemy, when he was not actin  tinder the orders of General
Scott. When a lieutenant under General Hull, he acted as ad-
jutant general, and,in the discharge of his duties, was much ex-
posed to the cannonade of the enemy across the river Detroit,
prior to Hull's surrender. Yes, sir, and at Detroit he conceived
and would have executed, had General Hull permitted, a daring
enterprise, which in all probability would have saved his com-
mander from his disgraceful surrender He proposed to cross
the river, attack and capture the enemy's battery bufore the
main army could relieve it. After his exchange, he was placed
in command at Cleveland, and there superintended the building
of the boats which afterwards transported Gen. Harrison's army
to Canada. He went with Gen. Harrison, and was the first who
landed on the shore of the enemy from tbe boats he had built. He
was at the Thames with General Harrison. He was then trans-
ferred with his men to the Niagara frontier, and placed in Scott's
brigade, and whilst that brigade brought on most of the import-
ant battles fought on that frontier, Jesup's regiment was at least
equal to any other in rendering service. He received the ene-
my's fire at Fort Erie on the 3d July, 1814, when that post sur-
rendered. On the 17th September, 1S14, he was placed in com
mand of the reserve at Fort Erie, when General Brown's sortie
was made; three of his wounds yet unhealed, and his arm in u
sling. His situation would have excused him from this service,
had he asked it; but he sought the post of danger and of honor.
He was afterwards with General Izard at the cannonading across
the Chippeway river. Well might he say, after these services,
"I am not amhitious of the honors of Indian warfare."
But, sir, Gen. Jesup has acquired honor in his campaigns in
the Creek and Florida wars, the honor of doing his duty, and
accomplishing all that he could to carry into effect the objects
of the Government. The soldier has nothing to do with the
policy of the Government, nor is he responsible for it. His
duty consists in conquering the enemies of his country, whether
they have been made enemies properly or improperly. In
quelling disturbances with the Creeks, General Jesup met with
entire success; and although he has not caught and sent out of
Florida all the Seminóles, still, sir, he has caught and sent
away more than any other General, if not mere than all the
rest put together. He has killed, captured, and sent off 2,383
altogether, of whom more than 700 were fighting men. Look
at the results of his operations, judge him by what he has accom-
plished, and his friends may justly claim for him an exemption
from reproach, although they do not boast of his victories over
Indians in general engagements. It has not been nis fault that
he could not find a skulking enemy. He spread his troops over
five degrees of latitude. He made battle wherever he could find
the foe. He poured out his blood on the scorching plains of
Florida, as he had done in Canada. Meet General Jesup, and
shake hands with him, and you grasp a hand mutilated in the
service of his country. Look him in the face, and you see the
the scar of an Indian bullet. Sir, he has been upon more bloody
fields, and received more wounds in battle, than any of your
generals; and these wounds are trumpet-tongued, crying shame I
shame! upon those who assail his character without knowing
the facts, or, knowing, disregard them.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Diddle.] in the
course oT this debate, has read various parts of the correspon-
dence between General Jesup and the Secretary of War, in the
course of which correspondence, he supposes, General Jesup
browbeats the Secretary, and even insults Congress. General
Jesup, like most soldiers, speaks plainly and directly to the
point; but in the language used I cannot perceive any inten-
tion to insult or defy the authority of Congress, or to overawe
or contemn the authority of the Secretary of War. Certainly
the General has not spoken of us and our doings in any thing
1 ike as harsh terms as we are in the habit of hearing applied by
members on this floor to each other, and to our public acts. I cer-
tainly should not commend him for following our example; but
I must say it is a hard rule which tolerates us in saying what
we please of the officers of the army, whilst they are lequired
to submit to the gag in respect to us. Some allowance should
be made for the circumstances under which General Jesup
wrote, even if he had used harsh expressions. His incessant
engagement, his loss of sleep, his fatigue and exposure,
must have placed him in a condition in which he would not
be much inclined to study phraseology, or to deal in compli-
ments. Even if his letters do contain rough or hasty expres-
sions, inserted under the impulses of the moment, I cannot
look upon them as u pardonable sins.
But what has General Jesup saidl Why, that he thinks Con-
gress has got us into the Florida war, and must make heavy ap-
propriations to get us out of it; and that Congress ought not to
have disbanded or reduced the army in 1818. Well, sir, there
are many, very many, of fleneral Jesup's opinion. We all know
that we have made appropriations togetoutofthe war, amount-
ing to twenty millions, or near it; and the amendment now un-
der consideration, is to appropriate i300,000 more to carry it
on. We also know that a large portion of this enormous ex-
pense has been incurred in taking armies of militia and volun-
teers to and from the scene of-active operations, and might have
been saved by a regular army, kept constantly in the field. I
can readily perceive in these considerations, in connection with
the attachment which General Jesup naturally must feel for the
regular army, growing out of past associations, reasons which
Induced him to think it was bad policy In Congress,to reduce the
army. I also see the force of these reasons; but although I ac-
knowledge their force, I think Congress was right in reducing
the army. I am opposed to large standing armies in time ef
peace; and, in time of war, I admire the piactice of beating up
far volunteers among the citizens. I wish the people to cherish
the idea that every man is a soldier, and will fight the battles of
his country, when required. As long as that idea is cherished
and acted upon, the nation will be able to defend itself against
all assaults, foreign and domestic. But just as sure as we de-
pend alone on standing armies to fight our battles, whenever it
is understood that citizens cannot fight, we shall invite aggres-
sions, and pusillanimously surrender our liberties into the
hands of a despot at the head of a standing army. In time
of war, I am in favor of the citizen shouldering his musket,
