?08
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
26th CokO"««1st Sbss.
Freedom of Elections—Mr. Gentry.
H. of Reps.
nance of th* principles which the Whig party of Tennessee are
straggling to maintain; and ha is no* mora unscrupulous in de-
DoanciDf th* distinguished individúala of that party net* than
he was servil* in fawoinf upon and flattering them then. Know-
ing this to have been the position which mycolleague very re-
csotly maintained in reference to the political party which he
now oppose , and th* individuals whom he now denounces, I ob-
tained the floor, when my colleague concluded his remarks, at a
late hour, some weeks ago, under an impulse of feeling which
prompted me to give utterance to that resentment which the
character of his remarks was so well calculated to inspire, not
having noticed that the consideration of this bill would be super-
seded in the order of business, and that I would thus long be de-
prived of an opportunity of replying to my colleague. The
laps* of time has soothed into quietude the angry feelings
which were excitad into action by the remarks of my colleague;
sad, «nice his speech has been published, I am convinced that it
carries) within itself its own refutation, and that it contains no-
thing which makes a reply from me necessary; acid if I had not
then announced my determination to do so, I would not now
seek the floor for that purpose. But fearing that my colleague
might misconstrue the motive which governed me, if I was now
to declina replying to his speech, I have determined to execute
th* purpose which I then announced, howevei loathsome and un-
profitable the task may be.
I amawarethat my colleague, in the furious onslaught which
he made against the politic il party of which I dm an humble
member, and certain distinguished individuals of that party,
to whom I shall presently allude, did not seek a conflict with
me. It was quitaobvkraa that he desired to "break a lance"
with the distinguished gentleman (Mr. Bell) who introduced
the bill now under consideration. He was animated with that
kind of ambition which glowed in the bosom of Prince Hal,
when, on the-famous field of Shrewsbury, he encountered the
Percy, determined by one brave fight to pluck from that war-
rior's brow the laurels which he had won in manya hard-fought
battle, and place them on his own; but my distinguished col-
learue, who introduced the bill, harf riven no evidence that he
leH the blows that were aimed at him, nor evinced the slightest
disposition to repel them; and my colleague [Mr. Watterson)
must curb his "high vaulting ambition," and for the present
be content, by slow degrees,
--------"To climb
The steep where Fame's proud temple shines afar;"
and must be satisfied with such victories as he can win over ad-
versaries of leas distinction than the mover of this bill.
My colleague greeted this bill as an old acquaintance, and
announced to the House and the country "Aal it had its faint
and comparatively harmless prototype in the sedition law of the
elder Adams.''   He labored to prove an analogy between that
odious law and the bill under consideration; aad maintained
that the sedition law, when compared with this bill, waa "com-
paratively harmless."   The object of the sedition law wis to
protect the office holders of the Government fiom such stric-
tures and animadversions as the people might see proper to
make upon their official conduct; the object of this bill is to
protect the p--ople from the office holders by "securing the free-
dom of elections, and preventing the abuse of Executive |*.
trooage."   Tbe object of the sedition law was to protect the
aglet htldere mad to punish the people for freely expressing
tmirssniiments in relation to tbe official conduct of those orn-
een.   Th* practical tendency of the sedition law was to make
those who admntiater th* Government irrespooaibUi to th* peo-
pie by shielding them from th* public cansare and dmpproba-
tism; whilst th  tendency of the bill now under consideration
would be. If passed roto a law, to increase the responsibility of
public officers by securing to the p ople th* independent exer-
cise of the elective franchise, free from all undue official influ-
ences.   Th* tendency of the sedition law waa to protect the
office holders from the influence and control of the people; the
object of the bill is to protect the people from the influence and
control of tbe office holders, who, in all countries, aad under
•very form of Government, acquire interests antagonistic*! to
those of the people, and seek to increase and extend the power
conferred upon them by the Constitution and laws, that they
maracgrandií* themselves by oppressing the people.  I cannot
coacerve of two thing* mere opposite In character—more widely
dtflereot in their nature and tendency—than the bill under con-
sideration aad the law to which my colleague comparee it.
Yet, disregarding, overlooking,  defying the palpable dissimi
larity m the terjdency and object* of these measures, my col-
league insults th* public intelligence by insisting that they are
identical in principle, with the single exception that the bill un-
der consideration la more odious in its provision* than th* sedi-
tion law, which he «aid was "comparatively harmless."   The
posilion* which my colleague endeavors to maintain, and the
sentiment* which he eipicssss, harmonize well with the princi-
ple* and practice*of the party to which he belongs; but are to-
tally repugnant to thedoctrinesand principle* of true Republi-
canism  as taught and  practised by   tbe  ''Fathers of the
Church."
Hf colleague assumes that Congress does not possess the
constitutional power to pass tbe bill under consideration; and
argues, with much gravity, that the power of prescribing the
qualifications which shall entitle an individual to the right of
voting in elections belongs exclusively to the States. If the
bill proposed to do what my colleague contends that Congress
ha* not the power to do, no one would more readily than my-
self agree with him that it was unconstitutional; but my col-
league cannot be ignorant of the fact that the bin proposes
nothing of that nature. He knows that the bill does not pro-
pose to deprive any office holder of the free and independent
exercise of the elective franchise. He knows that one object
of the bill is to give the law to the office holders of the Govern-
ment, as a shield to protect them from the tyranny and caprice
of the President, and relieve them from that slavish dependence
upon hi* will which is now so debasing to them, and so injuri-
oustothe public interests. He knows full well that the bill
does not attempt or propose to limit or restiiet the right of suf-
frage; and when, in giving his views upon this question, he
gravely made the argument to which I have alluded, he could
have been actuated by no other motive than the disingenuous
one of misleading tbe public mind in regard to the true character
of this bill; and to elicit from public opinion a verdict against
it, by presenting it to the public view in an aspect quite the re-
vene of that which is true. He knew that many would see and
read hi* speech who would never see the bill; and, if I may be
allowed tojudge of the object which my colleague had in view,
I think I am safe in concluding that it was to deceive his con-
stituent*, and the country generally, in regard to the true cha-
racter of the bill, rather than to prove to the House that its pro-
visions are unwise and impolitic, and that it ought not to pass
into a law. The offices whichare filled by the individuals up-
on whom this bill is intended to operate, were created by Con-
gress, and might at any time be abolished; and surely the pow-
er which created the ornees, and which may abolish them, can
regulate by law, to the extent which this bill proposes, the
conduct of the officers, without violating the Constitution.
To prove that those abuses which this bill is intended to
correct have no existence, my colleague adduces the fact, that
majorities have occasionally been against the President in the
larije cities of the Union, where the patronage of Government
is greatest, and where office holders are most numerous. And,
asa further proof of his position, he informed the House that
here, in the District of Columbia, where the seal of Govern-
ment is located, and where the people are mthin the immedi-
ate range of Executive influence, three-fourths of the popula-
tion are opposed to the re-election of Mr. Van Buren. At the
first view there seems to be some plausibility in this position;
but, when we bear in mind the fact, thatthe cities to which he
alluded are in a high degree commercial, and that a sound cur-
rency and a healthy condition of trade are indispensable 10 the
prosperity of their citizens, and that this Administration has
waged a constant exterminating war upon the commercial in-
terests of the country, the facta so much relied upon by my
colleague, far from proving the impotency of Executive pa-
tronage, furnish conclusive evidence, to my mind, that it has
been powerfully felt in those cities, or else the President would
not be able to command the ^support ol so large a portion of
their population.
In regard to the state of public sentiment in this city and Dis-
trict, which my colleague says is so much in opposition to the
present Administration, it is satisfactorily accounted for by the
opportunities which the people of this District enjoy of seeing
and knowing the corruption and mal-practices which are prac-
tised and tolerated by those who administer the Government;
and I cannot permit myself to doubt thatthe people in every
State of this Union would be equally unanimous in opposing the
party now in power, if they possessed the same means of arriv-
ing at correct conclusions. This fact, then, whilst it is in a high
degree complimentary to the virtue and patriotism of the citi-
zens of this city and District, does not sustain the position as-
sumed by my colleague. The title of (he bill bespeaks its object,
and supersedes the necessity of an explanation on that subject.
It is '-to secure the freedom of elections, and to provide more
effectually for the faithful administration of Executive patron-
age." Some of the most illustrious of those statesmen who
achieved thj independence of our country opposed the adoption
of the Constitution upon the ground that it conferred too much
power upon the President. 1 hey foresaw that, by means of the
patronage which would concentrate in the Executive depart-
ment of the Government, and the abuses in the administration
of that patieuage which would probably be practised, the power
and influence of the President would be augmented to an extent
dangerous to the public liberty. The wisest Republican states-
men who have lived since the adoption of the Constitution,
have felt themselves bound, by the highest and most sacred
obligation* of patriotism, to resist every thing in the action of
sur system of Government which tended to bring the "patron-
age of the Federal Government into conflict with the freedom of
elections," or which tended to increase the power and influence
ofthePie*id*nt-
My colleague is wiser, or more courageous, than the sages to
whom I have alluded. The dangers which were so clearly seen
by them are invisible to my colleague; and these abuses in the
administration of Executive patronage which they believed
would lead to results, debasing to the public virtue—corrupting
to the purity of the elective franchise—subversive of the freedom
of elections,and dangerous to the public liberty—the interference
of Federal office-holders in elections—appointments to, and re-
movals from, office for opinions' sake; and, in short, all the
abuses which the bill under consideration is intended to reform,
are justified and defended by my colleague, who thus identifies
himself in position, fully and completely, with'that class of po-
liticians whose motto is, "To the victors belong the spoils," and
who hold that the offices and honors of this Republic are merely
political capital which a party President may rightfully employ
to reward those partisans who have rendered him service in ele-
vating him to or sustaining him in power. So harmless does
my colleague deem the patronage ef the President to be, that he
says in his speech, "in the interior of the country a Goven ment
officer is scarcely seen; nor is the power of the Executive, in
any way,teen or fell." This declaration of my colleague is
true only in part. It may be true that the power of the Execu-
tive is often unseen In the interior, but it is equally true that it
¡•often most poxeerfully felt. When Pnilip of Macedón de-
termined te conquer and subjugate the liberties of Greece,
he bribed into his service certain Athenian orators, and induced
them to persuade their countrymen to turn a deaf ear
to the counsels and advice of Demosthenes, who urged the a
to adopt the most vigorous measures for defending themselves
against the insiduous designs of that ambitious monarch. The
guttering gold with which Philip tempied those orators into
treason, was unseen by the Athenian people, but it was felt
by the orators; and so in regard to the patronage of the Fede-
ral Executive of our own country. The promises of office and
preferment with which the President seduces ambitious, aspi-
ring, and unprincipled men from their duty to the country, are
unknown to the people; and when such men go forth among
them, to make them believe that all is right in the administra-
tion of the Government, and that the President is the purest of
patriots, and more than all other men devoted to their happi-
ness and welfare, the people, ignorant of the mercenary motive
which prompts them to a zeal seemingly so patriotic, confide
in theirdeclaratiop.fi, and are deceived. I therefore conclude
that the invisibility of Executive power and influence, which
my colleague seems no much to admire, does not diminish the
danger to be apprehended from that souice, nor lessen the obli-
gation which rests upon the legislative depattment of the Go.
vernment, to limit and control that power and influence by
every constitutional means.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is not my purpose to notice in detail the
various sophistical and futile arguments employed by my col-
league to give plausibility to his opposition to this brll, and jus-
tify his denunciations of its advocates; nor do I propose to en-
large upon the fatal consequences which must inevitably result
if the principles and practices put forth and defended by my
colleague, and openly avowed and acted upon by the party
which now wields the political power of this Government, shall
receive the sanction and toleration of the country, and become
permanently engrafted upon our political institutions. The
most gifted eloquence cannot portray, nor the richest imagina-
tion conceive, the extent and fatal character of those conse-
quences In that political corruption which has, within the
last few years of our history, practically decided that talents,
integiity, fidelity, and trustworthiness, are no longer to pe re-
garded as virtues which constitute a passport to honor and pre-
lerment; in those enormous defalcations, embezzlements, and
peculations of every grade and character which have astound-
ed, shocked, and blunted the moral sensibilities of the nation;
and in that general political and moial debasement which must
mark the presentas an era in our history, we have but a faint
foreshadowing of the consequences which will ensue, unless
those abuses in "the administration of Government patronage,"
of which these evils are the natural results, shall be corrected.
Whether such penal enactments as the bill under consideraron
proposes will prove an effectual corrective of those abuses is, I
think, questionable. However well guarded and wisely framed
its provisions may be, still, if you pass it into a law, you must
rely upon officers to execute it—officers who are themselves in-
terested in the continuance of those abuses which it seeks to
correct,and who derive their appointments to office from the
President, and who are liable at all times to be removed from
office by the same power which appointed them. Henee I con-
clude that the law would not be executed so as to accomplish
the object in view. I apprehend that ihe disease has fastened
itself too deeply upon our political insi ¡unions to be
reached by such a remedy. It can only be reached by a legisla-
tive enactment, which shall require of the President, in all no-
minaiions made by him to the Senate, to fill vacancies occa-
sioned by an exercise of his power to remove from office, a
statement of the reasons for wn ich such removal was made;
and by sush a modification of the Constitution as will limit the
Presidential service to one term of four or six years. The for-
mer would iutdown and destroy, to a considerable extent,
those means of influence which are wielded to vitiate and cor-
rupt the ballot box, and subvert the freedom of elections; the
latter would remove the most powerful inducements to prosti-
tute the patronage of the Federal Executive to the accomplish-
ment of party or political objects which now exist.
But, though 1 do not believe that the bill under consideration
would effectually arrest the abuses complained of, if passed
into a law, yet the moral force of such a legislative declaration
of opinion would be highly salutary in its effects. It Would be a
just rebuke to those who at present administer the Government,
and would aid the exertions of those patriotic citizens in every
part of the Republic, who are struggling to restrict the several
departments of this Government within those limits prescribed
by the Constitution, by resisting the encroachments of Execu-
tive power; and who are striving to restore to our political in-
stitutions the purity of which they have been despoiled. Ishail
therefore give my support to the bill; and 1 am happy to have
such an opportunity to attest the sincerity of my conviction
ihat Executive power and patronage "have alarmingly in.
creased, are increasing, and ought to be diminished."
My object, however, in addieasing the House, is not so much
to discuss the question which is before it, as to reply to that por-
tion of my colleague's speech which related to matters which
have no connection with the merits of that question. It will be
remembered that my colleague did not confine himself to the
question before the House, but availed himself of that question
to go at large into a discussion of party topics; in the course of
which he felt himself called upon to entertain the House with a
history of lb* late political canvass in Tennessee; to boast ol his
own achievements in that canvass; to denounce in unmeasured
terms the political party which he now opposes; and to stigma-
tile two distinguished gentlemen who recently represemedthat
State [Judge white and Mr. Foster] in the Senate of the
United States, as Federalists and apostates. I have al-
ready informed the House that, until a very recent period, my
colleague professed to be the warm friend and admirer of those
gentlemen, and to be politically identified with them in feeling
and in principle. I regret that he did not specify what principle
they have abandoned; what pledges they have violated; and
what duties they failed to discharge, that this House and the
country might understand the reasons which have induced him
to withdraw from them his friendship and support, and to de-
nounce them as "apostates and Federalists." But he has failed
to do so; and, in the absence of such specifications, it is fair for
me to conclude that the course which my colleague has thought
proper to pursue is attributable to the difference of opinion
which exists between him and those whom he denounces, in
relation to the propiiety of correcting those abuses "that have
brought the pationage of the Federal Government into conflict
with the freedom of elections." I am justified in thisconclusion
by the remarks which my colleague made upon the bill now
under consideration. He justified and defended the abuses
which it is the object of that bill to prevent, and made it the sub-
ject of complaint against the President that he does not pursue
the course which my colleague says "he would urge," and pro-
scribe, for opinion's sake, more universally and indiscriminate-
ly than he does. I cannot suppose that my colleague would
have turned with such vindictive fury upon those with whom he
had been so recently associated in a common cause, and with
whom he had claimed congeniality of principles, merely on ac-
count of adifferenceof opinion in regard to the mode of accom-
plishing an object, about the wisdom and propriety of which he
and they entertained the same views. If the bill is defective in its
details, let my colleague propose such amendments as will cor-
rect its defects; bullet him not denounce its advocates as Fede-
ralists and apostates, for I shall prove that the bill only pro-
poses to carry into practice principles which have been held by
the most illustrious statesmen, who have shed lustre upon the
past history of our country; principles which were professed
by the most distinguished leaders of the political party to which
my colleague now belongs, when that party was seeking pow-
er; and principles to the maintenance of which my colleague
h meelf, not long ago, professed to be most ardently devoted.
A demonstration of these truths will constitute a successful
vindication of the two distinguished individuals who recently
represented the State of Tennessee in the Senate of the United
States, and the political party in that State with which they are
identified; and will enable this House and the country to deter-
mine who have abandoned their principles, and who are "apos-
tate* and Federalists."                                                .
Mr. Speaker, my colleague began his harangue by saying that
he would not weary the patience of the. House by quoting the
opinions of Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and Jackson, "upon
the principles embraced in the bill now under consideration;
but he said he would content himself with stating, "in plain
language," his own views; and for them he would be responsi-
ble "to those who sent him here tnd to the country." 1 admire
the prudence of my colleague in declining to place the opinions
