ris
2&m Co! o«—lirS a .
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Men.
June, 1840.
H. of Rep*.
daft M"" 'bal memorable occaai-x1' He was in the Legislature
<rf \>w \ork. a**1, 'ei- tothecahsol patriotism, but obedient
tilth  prearptuur* ol ase'nsh amSatKui. he voted to instruct the
■4*Mfvr*o! tit  Statx !<m ote against the admission ol Missouri
>au>th« X nwv eteep u|x>n ¡he condition that slaverv should he
proai'utei' withm her Vrdtr. The-  "act* present the charae
>'rand conduct of Gercral llarrtson inii'iw lavorable contrast
wuft Mr Van Burén To criarte that General Harrison is an
AboimociK,o  that ha would in any eve.H countenance their
foo.stó east diabolical scheme*,   a violation of iru h and jus
uc*—«I «nemo  «ems* atid common decency
Dun.ut the pviit ea' cantas  in Tennessee last cummer,
whan i. wa« suppumM that Mr Cay would be supported for
iba Pnsstaleocy bv the V* hi; party, in opposition to Mr Van
Bureo, lb* partisan* ol the latter gentleman declarad to the
Kopl* i!ui Mr Ctav waa ijemined with 'tie Abolitionists; and
was slandered and i*vi>ed by that party then, upo  the sub-
ject ol Aooli-ion,** much as Gen Harrison ta now. But so
wo a* it was ascertained in that State that General Harrison
bad been now bated tv th* llamsburg Convention, they
ifcaand their «round, and wept crocodile tears over the fate ot
Mc. Clay, who, they said, had been sacrificed in delerenre lo
'b* Abouuonist*. on account ot his warn) and noble devotion to
sVutrurn interest*. Tlio people of ih* South remember the**
'Urns; , and will no longer be deceived upon this subject by a
|«rtv which practises such f rosa incoaststeary, and which I*
wiiuaf iba* ■<>violate truth aud justice, to accemplwh a party
object. This qMsuoo, in al! its beating , ha* been ao fully dis-
cussed besare the people 'Jut they can no longer be deceived
in relation to K. Politician* affect to be in extreme agony be-
cause,*  ihey pretend, they do ml know the opinions ot Gen
Hairuoo upoo the subject of Abolition. Those of the paeple
who ara moat loteewste ! in that questieo ara well satisfied about
it Tb*y have Genera! Harrison's speeches and letters, openly
disavowing and denouncing Abolition schemes ami doctrinas;
and they ask no renewal ol these pledges That pledgee should
be exacted from Mr Van Buren Was just and natural, for the
obvioo  reason t^at an votes and previous course had been
against was Sowb, In reply to inquine  pul te him be lore his
election, he declared thai he would vele any bill thai should
rvopose lo abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, wihout
the consent of Maiy land and Virginia, -rxl very «atély might he
rive that ptei'ge, because it referred to a Mate of things which
h* we!! knew would dm come to pass But when pressed with
the cooatttuuooa! question, whether Congress had the power tn
abobsh slavery in the District ol Columbia, the wary gentle-
asae said "I soul1 not, ironi the lights belore me, feel autho-
rued to pronounce that Congress does not possess the power of
interfering with or abolishing slavery in the District ol Colum-
bia *'
What was the response of General Harrison to a similar
question? lo his lefer to Judge Berriea, ol Gecigia, and in a
lette  to air Sio , of New Orlrans, he has expressly denied the
coosttiouanal powet of Congress to abolish slavery in the D 
•nc: of Columbia, and yet, with preposterous tolly, the South
M invoked t  support Mr Van Bureo, and to reject General
Hamsun, open the ground that the tjrroer 1* sounder upon the
subject of Abolí Km than the !alter
But there were Federalists in the Harrwburg Convention' So
says oiy colleague, and he is very unhappy because General
Harrison has not given anew ton'esmonot his political faith—
as it there could beany doubt about his principas alter he has
avowed and bean openlv contending lor them lor so nuuiv
years. Bui there were "Federalists ' there' Horrible, indeed''
what do gentlemen mean bv ih.it terui' As employed in the
writings an-1 speeches ol modern times, the word ' Federalist"
►eenia to mean any thing or nothing, as party expediency dic-
ta.  So various are the *eu-c* in which it is employed, that I
think there ought to be a convention of learned men assembled
tn sett'e and define its meaning But admitting that there were
Federalists at Harnsbtirg—what then! It only shows that there
was a diversity of sentiment among the friends of General Har-
rison—anil whatof that? My colleague seems lo think it verv
rrirmnarthaí they did not happen lo think exactly alike upon
all political questions Did a poll lira! party ever exist who
were perfectly agreed id all their opinions! Is Ihe Van Buren
party thus umud' They all cull themselves Democrats; but a
Demoarat In Mouth Carolina is a man bitterly opposed to a pro-
tective tariff, while a Democrat in Pennsylvania is in favor of a
high protective uriff. And will my colleague deny the Demo-
cracy of the Keystone State) Does he mean to put Pennsylva-
nia out of his political church'
Democracy in Pennjylvaoiacansnoetion that which Demo
cracy dare not sanction in any of tlie Southern (Hate*. Vet I
hear oo complaint from my colleague about diversity of opinion
in the Democratic family In the Southern States General Har-
rison M called i Federalist because he waa in favor of a protee-
ti v* tanf What ba* been the course of Mr Van Buren in re-
lauoo to the tariff! It has been said that the election of Gene-
ra! Harmon m to revive the protective tariff, now, on that
point, I ask, what is the difference between the two candidates 1
Has Hamson ever gone further than Van Buren in favor of pro-
tectioBl 1 answer, no' Mr Van Buren voted for the tariff of
iSM, aad be did it without inctiuctione, from his own personal
c mvfctJeii of ltaptoprieij And he vMed for the tariff of 1928
To make this vote of Mr Vaa Buren acceptable to the Houth, it
vaj proclaimed that he toted a rider the constiainl of itetruc-
tiooi from his State, but directly conttary 'o his  wn personal
convicuoiis But who doe* not know that this is untrue! Who
will deny, here in hi* place, that those famous instructions
which, they tell us, laid such violent constraint on Mr. Van Bu-
ren's w'l, were, in (act, made to order? It has been openly
averred, «ud i ever yet contradicted. I repeat the assertion,
here in my place, ¡ ustly estimating th* responsibility which the
dedarailoa imposes, thai those Instructions were got up in the
Legislature of New York at Mr. Van Boren'sown suggestion;
that the action of the New York Legislature was suggested by
Mr Van Bureo, and approved by him after the instructions had
Ye*, air, whilst Mr. Van Buten was making it the Senate, lo
the Representatives of the Houih, hypocntkal profession* of
hjsulity to that measure—knowing that he would, In due
•ine,receive ¡astrucuans frum the Legts'iiuie of New York-
he was, at tlie same time, writing home to lit* friends in
Aibany, assuring them tha^ if toe M'l did not pass Into a
law.it should not be for the want of his rnoit earnest exer-
tion* '''
His confidential friends at Albas/ knew that he desired The
shelter ot such instruction*, and they urged the Legislature to
pass them with t' e express understanding that they were
seeded a* an apology to the Month for hie voting for the " bill of
abominations" Will any gentleman here deny i'I Will any
Representa'ive fix m ihe "sfnte ol Mew York rise and contra-
dict ihn siaiemen'l ll he t'oes I «ill prove it in ihe most au-
thentic form Let i oi ihe South be lonsei deluded by Mr
\an Buren's pretended diuuim lo tiouthtrn inirrett*, fori
repeat mat, in re'ation lo ilie tarín" and abolition, Mr Van Bu
ren's claim lo Southern rupjort is not *o strong or well
loundedas Geneml Hamsun' , .tiui ihe prei>osiprnii  aheunlity
ol the rositiiMi mainiained by ilie suppor trs ot Mr Van Bu
ren ui the South, thai to have licmi Imonib'e to the poliey of a
prolet live land and internal improvements by the General Go
vemmtnt constitute* a Federalist, is proien by the course of
Mr Van Buren in refep-iue to those qaestions, anil by the v«.
nous and discordant opiui'iis ol his supporters In different sec-
tion* ol the Vnlon But when my colleague fancies that he
has discovered some contrariety oi opinion in th* Whig iiany,
he affects the utmost honor and dismay, and lorthwnh blows
a blast, loud and long, upon his alarm trumpet, to Irighten the
good people Irom the support ol such a party l see sitting
by the side ol my colleague the gentleman Irom Indiana, [Mr
llowAhii,] who ma le, upon this floor, some weeks ago, a moat
abli and eloquent argument to prove that Ihe Constitution has
conlerred upon the Federal Government the power to make in-
ternal improvements; and that it is expedient to exercise that
powe". Is he denounced .>s a Federalist btciuse he entertains
the * views! No, sir, no, he is a lavonte of Ins parly Yet,
in the Southern Sates ol this Union, the supporters of Mr.
Van Buren, who claim to be the only true Democrats, assert
that the doctnue urged with mi much abiluv by that grnlleman
Is the most daminnir proot ol Federalism Thus it is, sir,
that in different pans ol the country dith rent standards ol poli-
tical orthodoxy are erected to suit the purposes of part)
whilst every where the supporters ol the Administration claim
lobe the only true Dtmocrits, and denounce their opponents
as Federalists It is by the application of this rule, I pre-
sume, that my colleague proves that there were Federalist* in
the Harrisburg Convention \ n it is true that there are indi-
viduals co operating with the V hie parly who were originally
Federalist , and it is equally irtie that very many ol the morn
distinguished leaders ot the Van Buren party were originally
Federalists Need ¡refer to the long list of such gemlrmen
who are prominent supporters of Mr Van Buren, so mum
phantly produced, some days ago, by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. MonaANll To affix the term Federalist to either
of the rival («mes which now struggle lor political supremacy,
as a party designation, is an absurdity It suits the purpose*
of ihe Administration parly to employ the «ord to disparage
their opponents, but, in so doing, they reflect upon the most
prominent men ol their i wn party
Evt ry well intormedman knows that the questions which led
to the adoption of the tftms "Democrats" and ''Federalists " as
l>arty das gnauons, hate long ago been settled So lar, how-
ever, as the principles win h originally ltd to the adoption of
the term* aie involved in the political contest which is now
ptnding, the Whig part) maintain the pnnciplesof ihe old Re-
publican party, and our modern sell styled Democrats are ad
vocatme, in some very important particulars, the principles of
the old Fe 'eral panv The Republican party ofonr early histo-
ry w ere opposed lo the extension ol the Executive power Their
great dread was the ccncentr.ition of powir in the Executive,
and the breaking down otthise lines of ^epaiation which the
Constitution had estab tshed between the dillerent dedarlinents
of the Government. They were essentially and in principle
Whigs The term Whig implies opposition to the encroach-
menu, of power against popular rights. It is a term gloriously
associated with the struggles of freedom against tyranny hi Eng-
land and in our own country It is, in truth, bui another name
(or that party máscate which, lo piotect the rights and líbeme*
of the people, firmly resists the encroachments of power But,
sir, by the grossest pervesion of terms, the attempt is pertina-
ciously made by those who tamely and unscrupulously support
the President in all his niea-iires, lo deceive the people m rela-
tion to the principles ar.d objects of the contending political
parties, bv applying to the opponents of the Administration epi
diets which are"iistd by unprincipled partisans tn convey the
idea of enuuiy to popular liberty and to the rights and hap-
piness oftlie |ieoplc That man has studied the page* of histo-
ry and tlie volume of human nature to but little purpose, who
has not learned that amlnuous and unprincipled men always
seek tlieir own aggrandizement, by making hypocritical pro-
fessions of love for the people, and of devotion lo their rights
and liberties The |>eople ol the I'mted Slates are awake to the
hypocrisy of such pretensions, ai.d can no longei be df reived.
They have learned, by bitter and severe experience, that this
eternal ciy of Democracy, Democracy, and these false profes
sioosof love of the people and de vol loo lo their liberty and hap-
piness which are constantly dinned into their ears by that parly
which ba* so long wn Ided and abused the power* of Go-
vernment, are like the song of the Syrens, which enchanted
but to destioy. And, sir, they have aroused, like a giant
from his slumber, to hurst asunder the shackles of party, and
to prove the legitimacy of their descent from the heroes and
sages of the Revolution by redeeming the free institution* of
their country from the hands ol the "spoilsmen " They can
no longer be deceived with a false isaue. The evils which
mwiule has brought upon the country arc now so severely felt
by people that druiagoguism can no longer conceal from
tlieni the true causes of those evils. They will remember
that the party in power won tlieir confidence by loudly promis-
ing retrenchment am'reform, and a faithful administration of
the Government for the happiness and welfare of Ihe people.
They see and feel that these promises have been shamefully bro- , ¡
ken.ihat ihe expendituie*«f tlie Government have been increased
beyond all former prtcedent; and that vast sums of the public
treasure have been wasted in the most wanton and profligate
manner; and, instead of acoirecuon of abuse* tn ihe adminis-
tration of the Government, they see corruption walking abroad
in ihe land, with bribes in her hand, debasing the public morals,
and lowering the standard of public virtue. It is vaiu to tell
them that the exigencies of ihe public service have demanded
soprofusean expenditure What have you to show for it?
Where are your achievement*! Where shall we look forthenY?
Havs you provided for the public defenecí Let the official
communications of the Secretaries! of War and of the Navy,
telling u«  f ihe dilapidated condition of our fortification , and
the decaying condition of our navy, answer the question. Have
you, after expending moic than twenty millions of dollars in the
prosecution of the Florida war, conquered the Seminóles1} Let
ihe blood which is streaming from innocent women and chil-
dren, murdered by the tomahawks of unconquered savages,
1 answer the question    What have you achieved locompemate
the people for the Immense expenditure of their moneyl You
c nmakeno*alisfactory response to the question. No suhter.
luges or so[ huirles which your Ingenuity can invent will satin.
Iv them that you have not liem criminally faithless to the trust
which has been confided to you. The people will look back to
the period ot i tie last war, when our countiy contended with the
mott powerful nation ol the world, whose fleets rode upon
every sea, and hoveied around every haibor, and whose armies,
flushed Willi European victonts, and leagued wilh a savage
toe, traversed our territory, and ravaeed our country, and they
will nol fail to demand ol you to explain how it happen* that
the evnentiiturts olihe Governmtnt, limine that gloomy period
ol our history, are exceeded by lliose of the present Adminis-
tration m a period ol peace They will compare your premi-
se* with your perlornuiice*— the flatienng hope* which you
raised with the bitier disappointments winch you have made
ihemleel llicy will rompaie their prerent coudltioii with
what 11 was when the lelormers came into power. They will
remember that they were then blesso I wuh a steady and
healthy prosperity, they feel that ihey are now overwhelmed
by adversity and pecuniary difficulties to an extent which find*
no parallel in the history of the past They remember that
they had a paper currency, which was convertible into spe-
cie in every part of ihe Union, and equal to It in vsluo in
the most distant nations of the globe. You promised to
improve it—the people confided in your promise*, and
submitted it to your experiments; and they now see
and lee I the result, in the destiuction of credit, in the banish-
ment of gold and silver Irom circulation, the ruin of the bank-
ing institutions of the country, and in a depression of prices,
whicli has destroyed the inducements to industry, and brought
universaldisticesand embarrassment upon the people. Tlie
thnvingofbrolseie, of marshals, and sheriffs, tlie frequency of
bankruptcies, and the daily sacrifices of propeiiy sold undei
execution todischarge pecuniary liabilities,bear witness to the
public misrule, and call loudly upon an injured and betrayed
people to visit retributive justice upon that political party
which has inflicted upon them calamities so severely disas-
trous Who that believes in the truth of the theory that man is
capable of self government, can doubt that ihe people will heed
that call, and per orm that duly! And, in addition to this long
list of injuries which it is their duty to redress, they will not fail
tn remember the extraordinary means which have been em
ployed to torce upon the country a fiscal system which the
people ha<e again and again condemned and rejected, and
which virtually places the enure revenue of the country within
the control of the President. And when they associate with this
the monstrous project for raising a standing army of two hun-
dred thousand men, brought forward by the Secretary of War,
under the deceptive disguise of "a plan for the reorganization
ol the militia," which the President in his message says he can-
not "too strongly recommend to the consideration of Congress,"
they will believe ihat there is lust cause of alarm (or the safety
of the pub'ic liberty, they will feel that the free institutions be-
queathed to them by a glorious ancestry are menaced with im-
minent danger, and they will uprise, in the majesty of their
strength, to rescue and defend them. My colleague deceives
himself with a vain hope when he lays "the flattering unction
to his soul" that ther* are tnumpha in the futuie for Mr. Van
llurenandhis party.
Mr, the signs of the tunes are too emphatic to be misinter-
preted—the handwriting is upon the wall—the Republic is safe;
and when the election snail come in November next, the people
will pronounce, in tones of thunder, their disapprobation of an
Administration whose policy is at war with their interest*, and
ola political party whose principles and practices are danger-
ous to constitutional libeity When this "consummation so
devoutly to be wished" shall have been achieved, 1 expect to
see the Government once more faithfully and honestly ad-
ministered for the happiness and welfare ol Ihs people. I hope
to see the heavy cloud of adversity which now darkens our ho-
rizon rolled away, and the sun of prosperity again iliine forth-
thai the people, under the genial influence ol its beams, may
advance to wealth and happiness, and our country resume her
onward march to increase*] power and greatness.
^MARKS OF MR. ALLEN,
OF OHIO,
/ii| /A« llifttte o/1 Rfpreienlutives, June 31,  1910—Onltlie
i      Sub-Treasury bill.
Mr. CimIjbmaiÍ When I first endeavored to obtain the floor
several daysWo, I intended to speak at length upon Mime topics
that have slice b«en discussed with very great ability by gentle-
men who ware/more fortunate than myself in catching the
Chair in an'* eyVs aud at this stage of the debate, and of the ses-
sion, it would beam unj ustifiable waste of time for me lo travel
over ground so ably pre-occupied by others I shall, therefore,
omit mentioningeome malteis thai bad occurred to me, and
ahall be more brief in my remarks upon some to which I pro-
pose to allude than I otherwise should be.
It has been said that every gentleman here was elected with
special reference to the vote he would give upon the bill under
consideration, and that he cou(d not now vote otherwise than
was expected at the time of his election without a violation of
the understanding, express or implied, that existed between
himself and his constituents. There may be some force in this
remark, but it must be greatly qualified; if we come here with
our minds fixed, our opinions immoveable, our ears closed
against all argument, we can hardly be entitled to the appella-
tion of a deliberative assembly. Whatever weight may be at-
tached to the proposition by some gentlemen, for myself I do
not feel Hb force lo any embarrassing extent. I was elected as
an opponent of the Administration and Us measure* generally,
but whether I thould support or oppose this or that particular
measure.neither my constituents nor myself knew with cer-
tainty. They knew I was originally and strongly opposed te
this bill, but since the time, now almost two years, that judg-
ment was passed upon me and upon that, many occurrences
may have taken place to induce a change in some individuals of
the opinion then entertained, both by its friends and its ene-
mies.
1 have, therefore, been an attentive listener to come of the
argument* that have been presented by the advocate* of this
Íimposition, with an anxious desire lo ascertain its real merits,
f I had before misapprehended them, and to review thoroughly
the opinion heretofore entertained and expressed; its friends
urging its adoption after repeated defeats, with a pertinacity
showing their confidence in its expediency to be unimpaired.
