716
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1840.
26th Cong....-1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Allen.
H. of Reps.
cipitancy in a measure involving such important principles and
such deep pecuniary mtere-ts, I feel that I cannot, in justice to
the parties interested, too soon present it to the deliberate con-
sideration ol the Legislature and the people. Both the consti-
tutionality and the expediency of ihe law creating tins bank are
well questioned by a large portion of our iellow-cmzens,andit
m ust be admitted by all "that it has failed in the great end ol es-
tablishing a uniform and sound currency."
In the House this matter was referred to a committee, a majo-
rity of whom were the political and personal friends of the Pre-
sident, and Horn the report I read the lollowing, referring to the
Bank ol the United States:
"For ail the purposes of revenue, it gives to the national cur-
rency that perfect uniformity, that ideal perfection, to which a
currency of gold and silver in so extensive a country could have
no pretensions. A bill issued at Missouri is of equal value with
specie at Boston is pay merit o; duties; and the same is true of all
other places, however distant, where the Bank issues bills, and
the Government collects its revenue. When it is moreover con-
sidered that the Bank performs with the most scrupulous punc-
tuality the stipulation to transfer the funds of the Government
to any point where they may be wanted free of expense, ¡t must
be apparent that the committee are correct to the very letter in
suting that the Bank has furnished both to the Government and
the peop'.e a currency absolutely uniform in value in all piares,
for all the purposes of paying the public contributions, and dis-
bursing the public revenue. And when it is recollected that
the Government annually collects and disburses more than
twenty-three millions of dolíais, those who are at all familiar
with the subject will at once perceive that bills which are
of absolutely uniform value for this vast opeiation, must be
very nearly so for all the purposes ol general commerce.
"Upon the whole, then, it may be confUemly asserted that no
country in the world has a circulating medium of greater unifor-
mity than the United States; and that no country of any thing
like the same geographical extent has a currency at all compara-
ble to that of the united States on the score of uniformity.1'
In the Senate acommittee similarly constituted said:
"This seems to present a state of currency approaching as near
to perfection as could be desired; for here is a currency issued at
twenty-four different parts of the Union, obtainable by any citi-
zen who has money or credit. When in his possession, it is
equivalent to silver in all his dealinea with all the 9,000 agents
el the Government throughout the Union. In ail his dealings
with the interior it is better than silver, in all his dealings with
the commercial cities equal to silver; and if for any purpose he
desires the silver with which he bought it, it is at his disposal,
almost universally, without any diminution, and never more
than a diminution of one quarter per cent. It is not easy to
imagine, it is scarcely necessary to desire, any currency better
than this........
"After escaping so recently from the degradation ef a depre-
ciated paper currency, the committee would abstain from every
■thing which might, however remotely, revive it.          *          *
"Under these circumstances, they deem it prudent to abstain
from all legislation, to abide by the practical good w hich the
country enjoys, and to put nothing to hazard by doubtful expe-
riments."
.......
And, Mr. Chairman, how fortunate would it have been for us
. had we been content "to abide by the practical good which we
- enjoyed, and put nothing to hazard by doubtfurexperiments."
The assaults upon the Bank weie renewed in 1830-:31 and
'32, with the addition in the lattei year of an opinion that the
public money was unsafe in the Bank of the United States, and
to ascertain this, certainly a very important point, during the
session of 1832-'33, a committee was appointed to examine into
the condition of the Bank, and from the report of that commit-
tee I cite the concl treion:
"Itappears from official documents of unquestionable au-
thority that the specie actually in the vaults ol the Bank of the
United States is within one-tenth of the amount held by all the
other banks in the Union together, whilst its circulation of pa-
per is Dut one-fourth the circulation of theirs. In othei words,
the Bank of-the United States has now above nine millions ol
specie, with a circulation of notes to the amount of seventeen
millions and a half, whilst the aggregate of all the other banks,
with specie in their vaults of from ten to eleven millions, have a
circulation of Sixty-eight millions of bank paper. If, then, the
evidence herewith submitted can be relied upon, which it ¡s«fbr
■the House to judge of, there can be no doubt of the entire sound-
ness of the whole bank capital, after meeting all demands upon
it, either by its bill holders or the Government; and such is the
- opinion of the committee, who feel great confidence in the well-  ,
known character and intelligence of the directors whose testi-
mony supports the facts above stated."
Ending with the following resolution:
"Rtsoloed, That the Government deposites may, in the opi-
nion of this House, be safely continued in the Bank of the Uni-
ted States."
Which was adopted by a vpte of more than two to one, in a
Bouse having a large Administration majority.
-     But the fiery eneigies of the old war-horse were not to be so
easily repressed, and Congress had hardly adjourned before
General Jackson sent Amos Kendall to the Eastern cities to
open a negotiation witluhe State banks in reference to the re-
moval of the deposites, ending with the arbitrary removal of
Mr. Duane, as Secretary of the Treasury, and the appointment
of a more pliant instrument for the President's purposes, in the
person of Mr. Taney, and then followed the removal of the de-
posites in violation of the chartered rights of the bank and of
law, and in contempt of Congress; and here, sir, was the real
source of all our present difficulties.
Soon after General Jackson's election, he undertook to make
the directors of the branch bank at Portsmouth remove its Pre-
. sideot, against whom there was no valid objection, and appoint
. a political friend of Gen. Jackson. This they refused to do,
saying, among other things, that they had nothing to do with
the political controverses of the day, and did not mean to have.
Here opened the war. General Jackson finding he ceuld not
make the Bank his ally, determined to destroy it, as he has every
body and every thing who ever resisted his will, and in this he
succeeded but too well.
The final destruction of .the Bank having been decreed, the
ruling party, in order to fill the vacuum that would necessarily
follow, began to make new banks in every State where they
held power. Yes, sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Waoensb] complains that the State bank? have been increased
from 350 to nearly 900, and I beg leave to tell him that he and
his friends made them.   The Globe was as rabid then in the
great work of making banks as it now is in destroying them.
In that journal of December 21, 1333, it is said:
"This new coalition, however, have labored in vain. The in-
telligent people of the West know how to maintain their rights
and independence, and to repel oppression. Although foiled in
the beginning, every Western State is about to establish a State
bank institution. They are resolved to avail themselves of their
own State credit as well as of the national credit to maintain a
currency independent of foreign control. Mr. Clay's presses in
Kentucky begin now to feel how vain are all their efforts to re-
sist this determination of the people in the West. The Louis-
ville (Kentucky) Herald says: 'From the indication of public
opinion, as contained in the papers from the States around us,
there is every probability that banks will be chartered in the
Sia'* of Ohio, Indiana, and Missouri, and that efforts will be
made to charter in this State(Kentucky) not only a State hank,
with four or five branches, but several independent banks.' "
And, having copied with approbation this promise of a large
crop of new banks, the Globe then concludes by saying:
"So Ohio. Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, and Kentucky are re-
solved to take care of themselves, and no longer depend on the
kind guardianship of Biddle, Clay, and Co."
And Ohio did take care of herself by chartering at that same
session of her Legislature, I believe, eleven new banks, with an
aggregate capital of about four millions—the Administration
party having a majority in both branches.
Into the banks, new and old, the deposites were hurried, and,
fearing they would not lend the money fast enough, orders were
given them to discount, not in peremptory language, but suffi-
ciently distinct—for amere suggestion in those days from An-
drew Jackson or his lieutenants was equivalent to an order.
But in this matter I speak from the book, sir, and therefore read
from Senate documents 1st session 23d Congress, 1st vol. Hoc.
2, p. 33, the following letter, dated
í'Trbasüry Department. 23,1833.
"Sir: TheGirard bank has been selected by this Department
as the de) ogitory of the public money collected in Pennsylvania
and its vicinity, and the collector at Philadelphia will hand you
the form of a contract proposed tobe executed, with a copy of
his instructions from this Department. In selecting your insti-
tution as one of the fiscal agents of the Government I not on'y
rely on its solidity and established character, as affording a suf-
ficientguarantee for the safety of the public money entrusted
to its keeping, but I confide also in its disposition to adopt the
most liberal" course which circumstances will admit towards
other moneyed institutions generally, and particularly to those
in the city of Philadelphia.
"Thedepositesof the public money will enable you to afford
increased facilities to commerce, and to extend your accommoda-
tions to individuals; and as the duties which are payable to the
Government arise from the business and enterprise of the mer-
chants engaged in foreign trade, it is but reasonable that they
should be preferred in the additional accommodations which the
public deposites will enable your institution to give, whenever
it can be done without injustice to the claims of other classes of
the community.                    lam, «fee.
"R. B. TANEY,
"Secretary ef the Treasury.
"To the President of ths Girard Bank, Philadelphia "
And the following letter is found at page 36 of the same docu-
ment, from which I give only an extract:
"Treasury Department, Oct. 9,1S33.
"In selecting your institution as one of the fiscal agents of the
Government, I not only rely on its solidity and established cha-
racter, as affording a sufficient guarantee for the safety of the
public money entrusted to its keeping, but I confide also in its
disposition to adopt the most liberal course which circum-
stances will admit towards other moneyed institutions general-
ly, and particularly to those in your vicinity.
"The deposites of the public money will enable you to afford
increased facilities to the commercial and other classes of the
community, and the Department^inticipatea from you the adop-
tion of such a course, respecting your accommodations, as will
prove acceptable to the people and safe to the Government.
"1 am, &c.                              R. B. TANEY,
"Secretary of the Treasury-"
The nex t proof is found in Genera] Jackson's message to Con-
gress, in December, 1833, where he says:
"I am happy to know that, through the good sense of our
people, the effort to get up a panic has hitherto failed, and that,
through the increased accommodations which the State banks
have been enabled to afford, no public distress has followed the
exertions of the bank."
And *ven Mr. Kendall, if good authority, may be quoted.
Alluding to the large amount of public money on deposite, he
says:
"Should neither the Treasury nor the bank restore a portion
of this great sum to circulation, the consequences apprehended
would be of the most serious kind: and the community of New
York were beginning to look earnestly to the Government for
relief."
Then, sir, through the interposition of the Government, did
the banks shoot madly from their spheres, ending with the sus-
pension in May, 1837; but even this event, so unfortunate and
disreputable, would probably have been avoided had it not been
for yet other experiments: for the currency quacks in power
had by this time half a dozen wheels in motion, all directed to
the accomplishment of their grand object, the improvement of
the currency, and all whirling like the machinery of a steam en-
gine when the resisting power has been by some accident re-
moved.
In the spring of 1836, Mr. Benton introduced a resolution in-
to the Senate requiring all payments fer the public lands to be
made in specie, but it was promptly and almost unanimously
rejected-; yet the members of Congress had scarcely reached
their homes before General Jackson, by his ipse dixit, in the
shape of what was called a specie circular, made that law
which the Senate had refused to do,thus substituting his will
for theirs. At the next session, Congress passed a bill, by a
very large majority in each House, rescinding this circular, but
it was at the close of the session, and General" Jackson, availing
himself of the constitutional grant of ten days within which to
sign or return a bill, did neither before the adjournment, and
thus again did the Executive practically exercise legislative
power, and defy the known wishes of the people. Upon the
constitutionality, .equity, expediency, or consequences of the
specie circular, I do not propose to speak, and I allude to it only
as one of the experiments of the day and a part of the system we
are referringto.
Another important auxiliary in the great and glorious work
of improving the currency, having its inception at an earlier
day, but just now beginning to bring forth fruits—not meet for
repentance, however, as yet—was what is now generally and
best known as the gold humbug. Gold was to be the common
currency of the country, and it was to be acquired by giving,
through legislation here, an arbitrary, artificial value to it
■above us real va! ue, so that, being worth more here than else-
where, it should be drawn here and retained; and connected
with this was the establishment of branch mints.
I, Mr. Chairman, have no powers of description enabling me
to tell the committee what brilliant prospects were said tube
before us, that will compare with those exhibited in the columns
of the Globe for months; andas the organ of the Administra-
tion, speaking in its name, it seems proper to give them aud us
too the benefit of its own words;
From the Globe of 29iA March, 1334.
" When the money held by the people is gold and silver, they
can never be moved by panics or affected by the difficulties of
banks. With a golden eagle in his pocket en Saturday night,
the laboring man may rest in perfect confidence that no bank
failure on Monday will deprive him of the proceeds of his pre-
ceding week's labor. Few laboring men or farmers keep oh
hand for any time more than ten, twenty, to fifty dollars; and
the sums they receive are generally small. If our small cur-
rency were eagles, half-eagles, quarter-eagles, and dollars, with
their fractions, enabling all these people to obtain payment for
their labor or produce in the precious metals, they would be
effectually protected against all the casualties and frauds of
paper money......Gold and silver coin, the cur-
rency of the Constitution, is Jackson money; notes, with pic-
tures on them, promising to pay, the bank's money. Which
will our farmers and mechanics have, Jackson money or bank
money?"
From the Globe of IS/A April, 1831.
" Jackson Money.—In a few days we shall have an accurate
account of all the specie which has arrived at the principal
ports in the United States since the 1st day of December last We
have no doubt it exceeds FOUR MILLIONS OF DOLLARS.
The most singular incident of the times is, that GOLD as well
as silver is returning from Europe.
"What mechanic, farmer, or laboring man would not rather
have a golden eagle than a ten dollar note on the Bank of Wash-
ington, or any other bank? This is the 'SOUND CURRENCY'
which Gen. Jackson recommends."
From the Globe of April25,1834.
'•Hard-money Currency.—A few facts are necessary to be
known and kept in mimi by the people, in the present crisis, in
order to understand whether the country can supply itself with
gold and silver enough to serve for the common currency, after
the United States Bank is done with."
From the Globe of May 21,1834.
"If Congress will pass the cein bills, the circulation of the
country will be rich in gold and silver. The drops of sweat
which fall from the farmer's brow will be turned into eagles,
and half eagles, and Spanish milled dollars. His bushels of
corn, wheat, &c. will not be resolved into a dirty rag in the cor-
ner of his pocket, promising to pay what the issuers have not
the means of paying."
Congress did pass the gold bill, in accordance with Executive
dictation; the sweat still falls from the farmer's brow, but it is
not turned into eagles, half eagles, or Spanish milled dollars;
and the farmers among my constituents would now be extreme-
ly rejoiced to be enabled to resolve their bushels of corn, wheat,
&c. even in what theGlobe calls "dirty rags."
From the Globe of June U, 1834.
"Since Mr. Lowndes's death, theargument in favor of a gold
currency has derived an additional weight from the discovery
of our native gold mines. These mines are developing with a
rapidity and expansion unknown in the history of the world.
Ten years ago, first noticed, and producing then $5,000 a year;
now producing above two millions in a year; and no assignable
limit to their extent and production. To those who talk of a
national currency, we point them to the gold region in Virginia,
the Carolinas, Georgia, and the contiguous portions of East
Tennessee and Alabama. There is a national treasure! There
is material for a national currency!—national in every .sense of
the word; for it is the product of the nation, and current all over
the nation, and called for by every man in the nation who is free
from the chains of stipendiary servitude to the United Stales
Bank.
"If Mr. Lowndes had lived, this truly national currency
would have been long since restored. The discovery of the
gold regions in the South would have stimulated his exertions
and consummated his purpose. The restoration of this cur-
rency is now demanded by the voice of the whole country. It
is demanded from the present Congress It is the great measure
of ihe session. Let the nation not be disappointed. Let the
GOLD BILL PASS! 16 to 1 is the word! The bank men, not
daring to make an open opposition, will work under ground, and
endeavor to fiustrate the measure by proposing all manner of
fractions between 15 and 16 to 1; but let the gold phalanx stand
firm, and the paper legion will be defeated."
Yes, sir, 16 to 1 was the word, and we saw 16 dollars in sound
paper, and even in gold, then, to 1 now.
From the Glebe of June 16,1834.
"The whole great West requnes a circulation of doubloons.
It will be their principal gold coin, and will be got in immense
quantities from New Orleans."
The eagles of which the Globe talked, on the 21st May, were
now turned into doubloons for us at the West, and a great stream
of them was to flow up the Mississippi and its tributaries.
Now, sir, some of my constituents live at the sources of streams
that finally wend their way into the "father waters," andaré
entitled, upon geographical considerations, to i portion of this
gold, but they have not yet seen the firstpremonitory system of
its approach.
The same number of the Globe says:
" The subject has been before Congress all the winter, and
every member knows how he is going to vote. There is no
pretext for delay; but delay is the first trick of the bank to de-
feat the bill. Congress has hut one question to decide, and
that is the relative value—the question of 16 to 1—all the
rest is matter ol detail. The time is now short—only two
weeks; but still the coin bills are expected to pass. The design
of the bank party to defeat the bills by delay, orto frustrate their
operation by inadequate and vicious details, is perlectly under-
stood, and being understood ought to be counteracted. Let the
gold bill pas .
" It is computed the Southern mines will yield THREE
.MILLIONS of dollars worth of gold this year. A rise in the
ratio ol gold from 15 to 1, to 16 to 1, will be an advance of six
