7Í0
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
86th  Coxo-«"1st Skss.
Diplomatic Expenses—Mr. SaltonstaU.
■H. of Reps.
to do wth opposition now. The party in power in Massa-
Chuxsu, in ihrir opposition to <h  Administration, were con-
tending tvi great. aud, 10 their opinion, all-impoitant principles.
They were opposed to the declaration of war from the highest
motives of patriotism. Does not the gentleman know thai the
dJCtrent parties entertained different views of that great and
tremendous conf.iei which had been raging in Europe for twen-
ty rears, and this was tne basis of the party divisions? Think
of the situation of ih* world at that time—that N'apeleon was
then in th* zenith ol his fame and power, and in the lull tide nf
military «uceess —that he was jost on his march to Russia, with
an army gathered troin all nations, and Great Britain was, in
the opinion ot those opposed to the declaration of war, the only
tamer against universal conquest. Napoleon—the French
power—was the obiect of their dieaJ. They thought their coun-
try had more to fear from this than any other cause; and a de-
claration of war urainst England, at that moment, was, in their
opinion, in enVct, to become an ally of Napoleon. That we had
•uflered great wrong from France was admitted by all. Was
not the justice and expediency of the war, then, under the cir-
cumstances, a question on which the wisest and ntMt patriotic
men might honestly duTer in opinion! I do not enter into the
argument; I merely advert to the circumstances.
This party was equally opposed to the war on grounds of
policy. In their opinion, the country was wholly unprepared
lor war with a gieat and powerful maritime nation. Our
whole coast was exposed to attack; our vast commerce to de
«•ruction. Yes, Mr. Chairman, under these circumstances, a
large portion of the citiiens of Massachusetts and of other States
were opposed to the war; but that they took part with the ene-
my—that they were not true to their country—1 did not expect
to h'ar from the lipe of a Representative ol that State. As to
the defence of the country against the enemy, there was but one
party there.
The gentleman has alluded to the controversy between the
Government of Massachusetts and the General Government,
which he has resolved into mere opposition to the war. A con-
troversy did arise immediately atter the declaration ol" war,
and one, in the opinion of the people ot that State, involving
important principles, and arTcfiiiig the dearest rights of the
people. Great constitutional questions arose as to the powers
of the Federal Government over the militia of the átales, one
ol which related to the command of the militia when called
into actual service. These questions were submitted to the
highest judicial tribunal of the State, at the head of which was
Theophdus Parsons, one of the most profound jurists our coun-
try his produced; aud the ground taken by Governor Srongand
his Council, was confirmed by the court. They were questions
upon which men might entertain different opinions, without be-
ing subjected to repi'Mtrh. It was to be expected that such an
event as war should give rise to conflicting questions.
My colleague says, we did what we could to favor the enemy.
1 again deny it. I might use harsher language, but I will uoi
indulge in terms I feel'strongly tempted to employ. What, sir,
Massachusetts wanting in patriotism' Massachusetts taking
part with the enemy' There is no foundation for the charge.
If I had read what the gentleman has stated on this floor, I
should have called it a gross libel upon the character of that
Stale,
The gentleman makes a distinction between the Administra-
tion and the people. Re says the peoole of Massachusetts were
sound and patriotic. Sir, he knows that the great body of the
people zealously supported the Government. The people
called on the Government for relief and protection, and pe-
titions flowed into the Legislature for the very measure
which my colleague so vehemently condemns. The people
Of Massachusetts stood by their Government, and the Govern-
ment stood by the people, and b.>th stood by their country.
Who made gteater exertions or greater sacrifices in the war
than did that slandered people? There were more of them in
the navy, and more in the army; there was more Massachusetts
blood poured out on the decks of your gallant ships, and on your
battle field*, than from any other part of the Union. And what
did her Government do? Did they not call out thousands of her
militia, and expend millions of dollars in defence of the coun-
try?
Mr Chairman, has it come to this? Because soma of the
Mew England State* contended for rights which they deemed to
he important to the States and to the people, mutt I stand here
and hear my native State accused by one of her Representa-
tivas of doing what they could to favor the enemy 1
But my honorable colleague has introduced the threadbare
■abject of the Hartford Convention into this debate, as evidence
of the unlawful designs of ihe party then in power in Massa-
chusetts and other New England States; and I must follow him
there. The gentlemen has read part of the report in the Lezis-
lature of Massachusetts recommending that measure. I wish
he had read the whole, and all other documents connected with
the Convention. They will show that the object was not to aid
the enemy, or to dissolve the Union, but, on the contrary, to de-
vise the best means of security and defence, and of preventing
the recurrence of similar evils. No, sir, there was no treason-
able design avowed or concealed. There was nothing unconsti-
tutional or «editiou* in that meeting; and that is the charge.
Whether it was judieions or expedient; whether it had not bet-
ter have been omitted; or whether, aa an example, it was likely
to exert a salutary influence, are different questions.
My colleague has told yoo, sir, that I was a member of the
committee which recommended that measure. I shrink not
from the avowal; I wasa member of that committee. I remem-
ber well their deliberations, and I can add my testimony to that
of distinguished membe,s of the convention and others, as to its
design. Never for a moment was there the slightest intimation
of a parpóse to dissolve the Union, or to violate constitutional
obligations of the States; on the contrary, such a proposition
would have been regarded with abhorrence. They did not tit
down and count the cost of this Union. No, sir, the measure
proved to be useless. It has been misunderstood, and has cx-
eliedereatprejodices.jealoujies, and misrepresentations, which
may have rendered it a political evil; hut as to its objects, and
the Intentions and purposes of the parties concerned, the Con-
ventlonat Hartford was just as innocent, and in my opinion as
justifiable as that at Harrisburg, the recent conventions in some
of the Southern States, on account of the difficulties of their
trade, or at the party conventions now so common.
Sir, what was the design of the Hartford Convention? To put
•BendtotheGjvernmenf No; but in a time of common dan-
ger to consult together upon subjects in which they had a com-
mon interest, and upon the best means of defence, in a lawful
andcontitutional manner. That was its mam object. There
was great excitement and alarm amongst the people.   The
shipsof the enemy were hovering on the coast. They were ex-
posed to hostile invasions, mid were defenceless; the regular
troops had been withdrawn, and were on the Canadian frontier.
There was a controversy with tht General Government as to tha
militia The people were calling on the Government for pro-
tection. What was then to be done? It was a question which
requiredthe consideration of the most wise and experienced
men.
The first resolve in the report to which the gentleman has re-
ferred shows the great object ot the measure proposed:
" icesoíred, That the calamities of war being now brought
home to the territory of this Commonwealth; a portion of it
being in the occupation ef the enemy; our seacoast and rivers
being invaded in several places, and in all exposed to imme-
diate danger, the people of Massachusetts are impelled by the
duty of self-defence, and by all the feelings and attachments
which hind good citizens to their country, to unite in the most
vigorous measures lor defending the State, and expelling the
invader; and no party feelings or political dissensions can ever
interfere with the diseñarse of this exalted duty."
Does this look like taking sides with the enemy? And the
Government went on and took vigorous measures for the de-
fence of the Slate. Let me teler the committee to all the do-
cuments connected with that event; to their report; to the
journal of their proceedings, which has long been before the
public; and particularly to its history, by the Secretary of the
convention. Here they are; they are accessible to all. They
all «how a determination to defend their country, atall hazards,
against the public enemy, and to adhere to their constitutional
obligations.
The resolutions under which the delegates were chosen, and
their commissions or instructions founded on them, repel
the idea of an intention- to violate the Constitution. The de-
legates were agents acting under a limited authority. The
proceedings of Connecticut refer to those of Massachusetts.
The delegates were instructed to "meet those of other States,
and confer with them on the subjects proposed hy a resolution
of that Commonwealth; and upon any other subjects which
may come before them for the purpose of devising and recom
mending such measures for the safety and weliare of these
States, AS MAY CONSIST WITH Ol'R OBLIGATIONS AS MZMBCRSOP
thb national Union." The instructions of Massachusetts
and Rhode Island were of the same character, and equally ex-
plicit.
I am not contending, Mr. Chairman, that the convention was
a wise or expedient measure. My colleague has raised nosuch
question. What I maintain is, that the members of that con-
vention went there as good men, and true to the Constitution,
with good motives, and for a lawful purpose, and that neither
they nor the States which appointed them, were wanting in
fidelity to the Union or to the country. Look at their report, is
there any thing in itihat looks like a disolution of the Union!
No; it recimmended a plan for the defence of the country, and
a proposition for certain amendments to the Constitution, to be
made according to the provisions of the Constitution.
The gentleman admits that the great body of the people were
sound and patriotic. Sir, the people of Massachusetts wanted
no other security against any treasonable designs than the cha-
racter of the men who composed that convention. Look at Ihe
list. At its head stands George Cabot, its President, one of the
two first Senators from Massachusetts; one who enjoyed the con
fidence of Washington; aman utterly destitute of political am-
bition, and who never sought or would accept any public office,
after he retired from the Senate, until he was persuaded, ata
perilous crisis of our affairs, to represent our Commonwealth
in that convention. Mr. Cabot was a retired gentleman, hold-
ing no public office; yet there was no citizen whose opinions on
all important public questions had more weight and influence.
Then follows Nathan Dane, then in advanced life, a man emi-
nent for his piofound knowledge of the common and constitu-
tional law, and of the ooluical history of his country. Mr.
Dane was a distinguished' member ol the old Congress, and his
services there will be forever acknowledged by the country,
from that lasting monument of his wisdom, foresight, and patri-
otism, the celebrated ordinance of 1787. He had long ceased to
have any connection with party, and was leluctantly drawn
from his retirement in this instance. It is well known that the
statistical tables and documents annexed to the report of the
convention are in a great measure the result of his accurate and
laborious researches.
The next en this list of conspirators against their country is
William Preacott,still living, by the blessing of God, and long,
I hope, to live, an ornament and blessing to the community—
son of that Col. Prescott who commanded at Bunker Hill, if the
little band that so bravely defended that height had a leader.
Need I tell you, sir, who William Prescott is; that he isa lawyer
of great eminence, now enjoying in retirement from profession
al labor the highest respect and confidence of the whole commu-
nity in which he lives?
Then comes Harrison G. Otis, well known throughout the
country as one of our most accomplished andeloquentmen and
most eminent statesmen; elected a Senater after the peace.
Then follow the names of Timothy Bigelow, then and for many
years the distinguished Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives; of JoshuaThomas and Hodijah Bay lies, both revolution-
ary patriots—revolutionary officers during the war. Strange
that such men should turn conspirators against the liberty and
independence of their country in their old age ! Sir, I might go
over the whole list of the distinguished men who formed that as-
sembly—many of whom are not among the living—but it can-
not be necessary. They were men incapable of any treasonable
design.
The honorable gentleman says that ambassadors were sent to
Washington in pursuance of the recommendation of the Con-
vention. True, agents were sent; but for what purpose? Was
it not to make an arrangement with the Govemment for the
effectual defence of the country? And who were they? I have
referred to Mr. Otis. Who Thomas H. Perkins is, my colleague
has told you, and I have great pleasure in saying that the gen-
tleman has paid a just and beautiful tribute to his wurth. He
hat described Mr. P. as a man whose heart is all benevolence,
whose character is all honor; a man who has yielded up his
costly and spacious mansion as an asylum for the blind. What
materials to make a traitor of!
There is one other. Sir, I listened with pain and astonish-
ment to the remarks of my colleague on the character of the
late William Sullivan. In violation of a maxim held sa
cred among all civilized and even uncivilized communities,
(for it is founded on the common feelings of our nature.) the
gentleman has violated the sanctity of the grave, and has
shot hit arrows at the dead!   Of Mr. Sullivan the gentleman
has made a statement which, on reflection, I think he will
himself regret. He ha. been informed that tha late Governoi
Sullivan, (father of William Sullivan,) who, he says, had
been cruelly calumniated when he was a candidate for that
office, had stated that his own eon was the author of it all'
Sir, I cannot believe it. The gentleman himself, I am confi-
dent, cannot believe it It cannot be true. It is impossible.
1 well remember the bitterness of that electioneering contest,
and how much sympathy was lelt for the son by his political
friends at the severity of the attacks on the father. The state-
ment cannot he believed by any man who is himself a father or
a son—by any one who has human feelings within his bosom.
My colleague s.iys ho was not acquainted Willi Mr. Sullivan.
Sir, ii« man can credit the stoiy for a moment who did know
that most aimahle and excellent man. Mr. Mtllivan had long
been retired from public life. During the last years of his life,
he devoted the fine powers of his mind to the improvement of
the young. Who that is acquainted with his excellent "clase
books" can withhold his tribute of respect, so justly due to a
man who could voluntarily withdraw from what are to most
men the great objects of pursuit, and devote years to the labo-
rious preparation of such works?
It has recently pleased Goil to call him from a family and a
circle of friends who venerated and delighted in him, to a better
world. Yet such is the fury of party contests, that even such a
man must be charged in this hall as having been guilty of little
less than parricide! of having fabricated cruel slanders against
his own father!
So much for the Hartford Convention, which my colleague
has made it necessary for me to notice. I repeat that, whatever
may be thought of it in other respects, it was strictly constitu-
tional in its design, and that its members were among the most
wise and faithful men in the community—men entitled to the
confidence reposed in them; that they were capable of discern-
ing the proper course to be pursued ia their relation to the Fe-
deral Constitution and to the State Government, and in defend-
ing their country against the public enemy. My honorable col-
league will not deny their high standing and cbaiacter. He
speaks of them politically, he says.
I come now to another part of my colleague's Bpeech; his at-
tempt to identify the present Opposition party with the old Fe-
deral party.   He says they are one and the same.
Sir, the proposition cannot be maintained; the Federal party,
as a party, was extinct long before the formation of the present
parties, and a great portion of those who now act with euher of
the political parties belonged to neither of the old parties.
They know them only historically. They have come into poli-
tical life since. But what if a large poriion of those who re-
main of the Federal party in Massachusetts are now opposed to
the Administration? it is equally true that a large poriion nf
the old Republican party are associated with them; audit may
as well be inferred that the Republican party and the Whig
party are identical, as that the Federal and the Whig party are
the same.
I might refer the gentleman to individuals in every part of
our Commonwealth, who were among the most zealous sup-
porters of the Administration of the State during the war, who
are now as ardent supporters of Mr. Van Buren's administra-
tion—Hartfod Convention Federalists then, now genuine dis-
ciples of ihe new school of Demociacy. In six of ihe twelve
Congressional districts in Massachusetts, ihe Administration can-
did ites at the last election were Federalists. Mv friend and col-
league near me [Mr. Calhoun] informs me that he has at the
three last elections been opposed by three persons who were
all of the old Federal party.
But what has become of the old Republican party? Are they
tibe found in the Administration rank? My colleague is per-
plexed with the case of my friend and colleague, Governor Lin-
coln. It seems to him passing strange that that gentleman
should he found with his present associates. Were that gentle-
man present, I might appeal to him whether he does not find
himself associated with a large poriion of his old political
friends, the leading men of the old Republican party. I unhesi-
tatingly state it as a fact. I could refer n;y colleague to persona
in every portion of our State, known to him, formerly leading
Republicans, now Whigs. Let me refer him to the gentleman
who was at the head of the Navy Department, under Mr. Madi-
son, and who represented the district I have now the honor ti
represent, and to another distinguished citizen who recently ■>
honorably represented our State in the other House. Were
they not formerly decided Republicans? My colleague well
knows that they are now as decided opponents of the present
Administration.
I might go on and name others who were formerly Federal-
ists, and are now of the Administration party, or who were for-
merly Republicans, and are now in the Opposition. Among
the latter are some of our most distinguished citizens, men hold-
ing high judicial and other offices. I say, without fear of con-
tradistion, and 1 take great pleasure in stating, that a large |>or-
titm of my political friends in the p'ace of my residence, those
who took a lively interest in my election, were formerly mem-
bers of a different political party fiom myself. We stood in
different ranks, ana were zealous political opponents. Has
there been any change in their political principles? None at
all—not the slightest. Their principles and their opinions on
past events are unaltered. And yet, according to the reason-
ing of my colleague, they have all become Federalists! No,
sir, when party strife subsided, those who have been fiercely
contending discovered that they had done injustice to each
other's motives, and that there was no reason to doubt that
their political opponents were honest in their opinions, and that
both parties were equally true to the Constitution and to their
country.
Mr. Chairman, when my friend and colleague [Governor
Lihcoi.n1 was nominated for the high office which lie so long
held, with honor to himself and to the Commonwealth, he re-
ceived the support of both parties. He was put in nomination
by the Republican parly; but the Federalists never proposed a
candidate against him. Party strife ceased. His Executive
Council was composed nf persons who had belonged to bothth 
political parties.
The same breaking up of parties took place to a great ex-
tent throughout the country. Mr. Monroe's administration
received the cordial supportofall parties, and he was elected
for his second term unanimously, with the exception of a
single vote, which was given to another from strong feelings
of personal attachment, by a distinguished member of the Re-
publican parly. We had for a time a season of blessedness
and peace, when party strife ceased; its discordant voice was
scarcely heard within these halls. Even General Jackren
had recommended to Mr. Monroe to disregard old party dit-
