Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
721
26th Cons-.-1st Sess.
Freedom of elections—Mr. Randolph.
H. of Reps.
Unctions. Ana here, let me ask if the succeeding Presi-
dential election was placet! on party grounds ? Not at all. All
the candidates belonged tothe same political party. The Fede-
ralists proposed no candidate. It was a mere contest from per-
sona! preferences. In Massachusetts the great body of both the
old parties contituted a new party, which supported my venera-
ble colleague [Mr. Adams] in the Presidential contest. He
was opposed in Massachusetts and other States, but not on the
ground of his Federalism; far otherwise with some of his warm-
eat opponents. He was then never charged with that crime.
The basis of the two great political parties has ever since been,
adherence or opposition to the Administration, wiihout regard
to former distinctions. Sir, we are opposed to the Administra-
tion, not because they are wanting in Federalism, as common-
ly understood, but because of their ultra-Federalism, if there is
any meaning in the term. What is Federalism? Jts groat fea-
ture  have been supposed to be a disposition to strengthen and
increase the power of the Federal Government, and the patro-
nage and authority of the Executive.
Sir, who are those men who are so shocked at what they call
Federalism! By whom is the charge of Federalism made upon
the Opposition1 By ultra-Federalists! By men who have dri-
ven Federalism up to the hub; men whose extravagance in
doctrines and in practice have startled old-fashioned Federal-
ists. The Democratic Administration, so called, has been guilty
of measures from which Hamilton and the elder Adams would
have shrunk; assumptions of Executive authority, of which
the imaginations of the early Federalists never conceived. I
•ay, Mr, Chairman, that the last Administration, and that the
present, which thinks it glory enough to tread in the footsteps
of the last, are in doctrine and practice ultra Federal. Their
measures are more deeply tinged with the highest and most ob-
noxious principles of Federalism, in the common acceptation
of the word, than any ever before assumed; so much so, that a
great and deplorable revolution has been accomplished. If the
assumption^ by the late President are to be followed by his
successors, and established as part of the Executive power,
than the Constitution has been practically changed; and unless
theOovernment shall tread back its steps, the Executive power
in this Republic will he a thing entirely different from that
which was intended by the framers of the Constitution. Tao
President will be no longer the President of the
Constitution, but an unlimited sovereign. The original
Arms of the Republic may be preserved, as they were in
Rome, long after Rome had lost its freedom, and was ruled
by an imperial despot. The forms may survive, but the
soul of freedom will have departed—our liberties will be gone.
The supreme law will be the Executive will. The President,
instead of respecting the will of the people, as expressed
through an independent House of Representatives, will direct
and control that will until Congress shall become the mere eche
of his own will. Like his great predecessor—the hero of the
Hermitage—the President will put down his foot, or biing his
cane down, and swear that a measure to which he is opposed-
no matter by what majorities it may have passed in Congress—
shall never become a law. While pretending reverence for the
popular will, and listening to popular shouts, be will disre-
gard and trample upon the will of the people, as constitu-
tionally expressed, if inconsistent with his own; and while
ruling that which in mockery may still be called a Republic,
he will be, to all intents and purposes, an absolute, unlimited so-
vereign.
An honorable member from Virginia [Mr. Banks] has this
morning lamented the want of decorum in debate, and the fres
manner in which gentlemen remark here upon our rulers. Sir,
Ishall speak with decorum, but I shall also speak with firmness
and with freedom. If for this the dogs of slander are to be let
loose upon us -if false and injurious statements are to be circu-
lated through the country, we in ust submit. But if this is to be
the price at which men must serve their country here, I
know not how long you will be able to induce those who have
a home, a family, and a character dear to them, to take seats on
tais floor.
How is it that this change in our Government has been
brought «.boat? How is it that the people have so long up-
held an Administration which has usurped such power? It
has been done by force of that party organization, that tho-
rough system of party tactics, established under the late mili-
tary President. And now what an outcry is made because
the Opposition are taking measures to give efficiency to their
efforts, as the only successful means of counteracting a com-
bination of men who are as thoroughly drilled and disciplined
as a Prussian army ! We do this to resist the power of a
mw despot—1 mean the despotism ef party spirit extending
ihreughout the country, wielded and directed by Executive
will
1 have said that a change had been effected, practically, in
the Government. Sir, what was the President if the United
States intended to bet A Chief Magistrate, the bounds of whose
authority are prescribed in the Constitution and laws.
But look at the conduct of this officer. Look at the course of
the late President, whom our present Chief Magistrate professes
to take as his model: it is alt one 'Administration. Look at bis
interference with the rights of Congress. Consider bis attempts
to destroy the weight and influence of the Senate as a co ordi-
nate branch of Congress. With all his pretended respect for
•fld submission to the will of the people, consider his free and
insulting remarks upon proceedings and debates in the House o'f
Representatives of the people. Look at his refusal to answer
interrogatories put to him by the grand inquest of (his nation,
through their committee. Look at bis directions to his subor-
dinate officers, on the same occasion, to disregard the authority
of this House, in effect. Then hear him justify the whole by
asserting that great political heresy that he is himself the direct
Representative of the people, and answerable for. his acts to
teem alone. And consider the inference he draws, that, let
him do what he will, and say what he will, if the people elect
him a second time, they put the seal of their approbation on
allhieacts and all his opinions, and that, therefore, they are
not the legitimate subjects for legislative examination. Is not
this enough? But this is not all. To crown all. comes the doc-
trine of Executive unity. He and all Executive officer?, through-
out the country, are a unit. He, and he alone, is responsible
for all their acts, and therefore he may remove them at plea-
sure. He is their head, and to him alone are they responsible,
Sud he is responsible to the-people only. Above all, consider
bis abuse of the veto power—a power conferred by the Consti-
talion for the purpose of cheeking hasty legislation on great
•mwgeocies.
What more is'wanting to a complete despotism—toimake a?
«MQfoe a monarch as ever existed, but the power to construe
4$
the Constitution as he may think proper, without regard to Ju'
dicial decision, the practice of Congress, or the acquiescence °'
the country? And even this he assumed! I say that these prin'
cipies go to destroy all free Government. I repeat, sir, that
if they are to be established and continued, the country ha3
undergone a civil revolution, and that we no longer live under
a limited Government. And what have we not seen as the le-
gitimate consequence of these assumptions of power? Need I
advert to the seizure of the public treasures, in direct violation
of law? to the arbitrary dismission of an officer who was to0
honest to approve or to aid in that measure? Need I advert to
the proscription of men for political opinion, and their remo-
val from office on this ground alone? to a tyranny which can en-
dure no free opinion? My colleague says that mis has not been
done to any great extent, ami that the great fault of their chief,
in the opinion of many, is the mildnoss and lenity which he has
exercised. Indeed ' Sir, I do not know to what part of the
country my colleague alludes. It cannot be to our own State,
forldo not there knowa single man who is known to be hostile
to the Administration left in any office over which the General
Government has a control.
One word further, sir, as to the veto power. I know it isa
familiar topic, but it is one of the most important that has arisen
since theformation of the Government, because the unprece-
dented manner in which it has been exercised is-utterly incon-
sistent with a free representative Government. The late Presi-
dent brought so much of the military character into civil office,
that he could hear of no resistance to his will. Do you believe
that in England such a use of the veto would be submitted to?
Never. Even if the young Queen Victoria, in all the fresh-
nessof a nation's attachment to a youthful female sovereign,
should attempt it, she would very speedily discover her error.
Should the British Parliament pass a bill, for example, tore-
charter the Bank of England, do you believe the Queen would
dare to put her veto on the act? "The Minister who should ad-
vise such an act would not keep his place an hour. The right
is recognised in the British Constitution, but it is unknown in
practice. The exercise of this power, as an ordinary act. on
the grounds of expediency merely, and because the President
differs in opinion from the majority of both branches of Con-
gress, is opposition to the will of the people. A reform in this
respect is essential to the preservation of our Constitution in ita
purity.
Now, sir, all those assumptions, this arbitrary claim and ex-
ercise of authority, on the part of the Executive, is justified, is
approved by my colleague, and yet he is shocked wiih the Fede-
ralism of the Opposition.
The dominant party came into power by the cry of Reform !
Reform ! when no reform was necessary. It was a mere pre-
tence; but it served the end, and brought President Jackson
into power. And what did he do? He promised reform, but
what reform did he effect, or pretend to make? What change
did he produce for the better? He did not even make an at-
tempt at reform, but introduced or increased every evil against
which the leaders of the party had made such an outcry.
He said that there ought to bo but one Presidential term, yet
he consented to be chosen a second time; and it has been sup-
posedthata third nomination would not have been unaccepta-
ble to him, and that he would have been willing to serve his coun
try another term. He exclaimed against appointing members ef
Congress to office, yet he made more such appointments than
all his predecessors had done; and his successor knows well
how to reward those for their party services in Congress who
have received marks of the disapprobation of the people. He
was very indignant at the interference of office holders in elec-
tions, and yet, under his Administration, office holders were the
most aotiveand zealous electioneerers the country contained.
He denoun 'ed it as a great public grievance that appointments
should be made from any other motives than the public good;
but what appointments did he make exceptas a reward for par-
ty services, and to prooiote party objects? Again, he was op.-
posedto removing men from office for opinion's sake, and yet
he had scarcely taken his seat before proscription lists were
formed, and men were removed for a word—for a look! How
much of this was done in Mr. Adams's time? Had he removed
men who were his opponents, and filled their places with his
friends? In the exercise of his official patronage, had he taken
into consideraren his own re-election, have you any doubt of
his success? But I hold it to be his glory that he refused to do
any such thing.
Mr. Chairman, how are things changed 1 At this day, not
only are office holders permitted tointerfere in elections—it is
expected of them. It has been declared to be their duty, in a
pernicious report made at the last session of Congress, in the
other branch. They would be reformed out of office if they
declin-'d this service. Men of the highest officesin New Eng-
land may be seen travelling every where, going forth on mis-
sions as itinerant political pieachers. It is true, they do not
meet with much success—we have not heard of many conver-
sions in Connecticut or Rhode Islai.d. But, to the disgrace of
the Government, important offices are made a sinecure, and
those who receive the emolument are wandering about, lectur-
ing for the Administration wherever they can draw an audi-
ence. Such men are among the most mischievous in the com-
munity, and the practice is one of the greatest and most alarm-
ing evils. It should be checked; and Í am glad that my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] has so ably presented the subject
before the consideration of this House and the country.
The gross interference of office holders with elections is un-
deniable. Who does not know that their motto is, "The Pre-
sident expects every man to do his duty?" that is, todo all he
can to secure the party in power. Were it not beneath the dig-
nity of this debate, I mightreferto alerter from the postmaster
of/one of the most important offices in Massachusetts, which
has recently excited attention even here, written to an officer of
a neighboring town, exhorting him to have every man taxed
upon whose vote he can rely, and authorizing him, if money is
wanted for the payment of the taxes, to call on him ! What a
spectacle is this for a people once free ! How have we fallen !
The time has been when conduct like this would have excited
universal indignation. Yet such interference with elections is
tolerated; nay, sir, I fear it is required!
In conclusion. I obsetvethat reform is now needed in all the
particulars in which the party in power called for it when it
was not necessary. Tl e evils now exist. I hope reform will •
come. Ido not undertake to prophesy. I express my «amest
hope. I have spoken ef the principles and the official conduct
of the party in power. I am not going to say a word as to the
character or relative merits of the candidates for the Presidency; ,
that is a ques'ion which should not be debated here; it belongs
to the people, to the whole people, and to nothing but the peo-
M
pie. It should be canvassed, not in this House, but out of it;
and, in my judgment, it betrays a want of good taste, no less than
of legislative decorum, to drat; in here and bandy about the
name of a distinguished man, who has rendered great public
servi es to the country, merely because it has pleased his fel-
lnw-citizens to put him in nomination as a candidate for the
Chief Magistracy. Sii, the people have nominated him. To
the people I cheerfully leave the result.
SPEECH OF   MR. RANDOLPH,
OF NEW JERSEY.
In the House of Representatives, January 9, l&t£—On the
New Jersey contested election.      /
Mr. Campbell, of S. Carolina, having rAoved th/b follewing.
Resolved, 'I hat ail papers or other testimony m possession
of or within the control of this House, in í'elat <# to the late
election in New Jersey for Representatives in the£6th Congress
of the United States, be referred to the Committee of Elections,
with instructions to  inquire and report who '.ire entitled to
occupy, as members of this House, the five contested seats from
that State.                                                    1
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be served on John B.
Aycrige, John P. B. Maxwell, Wm. Halsted, Chas. C. Stmt-
ton, Thos. Jones Yorke, PeterD Vroom, Philemon Dickeison,
Wm. R. Cooper, Dan. B. Ryall, and Joseph Kille, all citi
zens of New Jersey, claiming to be Representatives from that
State in this Congiess; and that the servive be made upon each
gentlemen personally, or by leaving a copy at his usual resi-
dence.
And the amendments to this resolution, offered by Ms. Bell
and Mr. Randolph, being under consideration, and Mr Botts
having concluded his remarks—
Mr RANDOLPH obtained the floor, and said that he had
hoped the present discussion might have been avoided, hutas
the whole subject has been re-spened, and the ex parte affi-
davits and certificates again spread before the House and the
country, in oider to prevent the misapprehension that might
arise therefrom, he would embrace the present opportunity to
defend the course pursued by his colleagues and the constitu-
ted authorities of New Jersey.
He regretted extremely to trespass again on the time of
the House, after the patient and flattering attention they had
paid to his remarks on a former occasion; but gentlemen who
manifested some uneasiness now must recollect that it was
their own act that placed him in the situation he now occupied,
and deprived New Jersey of the right ol being heard by those
who were much more able than himself to maintain her cause.
Though frequently compelled to take the floor, he had, indeed,
occupied the time of the House a-much sherter period than
some other gentlemen he could name.
The New Jersey election of 1838 was conducted with great
spirit; much excitement prevailed, and the result was still un-
settled. His colleagues, however, came here, as he had uni-
formly stated in this House, though sometimes misunderstood
or misrepresented, with the regular commission, claiming to
havea majoiity ofthe votes legally received and returned, and
also a majority of the legal votes themselves; whilst their oppo-
nents claimed to have a majority of all the votes taken, whether
legally received and returned or otherwise. As some dissatis-
faction prevailed in the State, and as his colleagues, though
satisfied themselves with the correctness of the position which
they occupied, felt ptrfcctly willing to refer the settlement of
the disputed election to that peopie whom it was said they
would misrepresent, they magnanimously, on the 4th of March,
1839, the firsf day of their official existence, when, so far as the
elections had then progressed, no one doubted but their political
friends would have a decided majority in the present House,
proposed to their opponents tliat both parties should yield up
their claims, and submit the whole matter to the decision ofthe
people. To this reasonable proposition the gentlemen declined
to accede, as would appear by the correspondence. [The cor-
respondence was then read] The reasons assigned Tor refusing
the proposition were doubtless satisfactory to the gentlemen who
gave them; whether they would be so to the House and the
country would be for others to determine. He had heard of
other reasons—the new election law and the fear of legislative
interference; but the Legislature had adjourned, and the elec-
tion law had not changed, but only thrown additional safeguards
around the elective franchise, so as the more effectually to pre-
vent the reception of alien and illegal votes.
Finding that the matter could not be tried 6y the people,and .
the House and the country relieved from the loss of time and
expense of any investigation, and having moreover been noti
fied in the correspondence by the gentlemen now contesting that
they should "contest your [their] right to seats"—not take them
In the first instance—they deemed it right and just to all -
parties, and to the country, to give every facility to a full "and"
fair investigation, with as little delay and expense as possible; '
they accordingly determined to have the evidence taken, and
be prepared, immediately on Ihe organization ofthe House, to
have the whole subject committed and disposed of as soon as
circumstances would permit. They gave notice to their oppo-
nents ofthe taking o) testimony in v.irious parts of the State,
but he regretted to say that the gentlemen declined to pay any
attention to the notices or to the taking ofthe evidence; on the
contrary, he had been informed that some of their political .
friends had invariably attended and obs ructed the proceedngs;
and, in some instances, by representations and threats of pro-
secution, induced witnesses to retire wiihout being Bwom, and, •
in others, putting an entire slop to the proceedings. Kwas, how-
ever, in candor due to the gentlemen, to state that there was
in New Jersey no law regulating tlte taking of testimony in
cases of contested elections, except the one passed since this
election occurred; and although that was doubtless intended
to meet all cases, yet, probably, on a fair construction, it would
not be found to he retrospective; hot it was understood to be the
law of this House that when evidence was taken, upon due.
notice, before a State officer authorized to administer oaths, It
was competent ami would be received; and, whether the statin 
in question applied to the cast- oi not, Ms provisions afforded a
reasonable rule of practice, and, pursuant thereto, some
evidence had been taken and transmitted tothe Speaker, as he
had stated a few davs since, when the question of referring the
South Amboy testimony was before the House.
The conduct, then. Mr. Speaker, of the gentlemen holding
commissions, has been fair and honorable, alike becomin*
themselves and ofthe State they represent. Of their opponents
perhaps it did not become him to speak; they doubtless hal
satisfactory reasons for the course they had pursued. He
would remark, however, that he entertained, jjo uatoi feelings
