TU
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
26th Cono*••• 1st Skss.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Smith of Indiana.
Senate.
which the power of the Administration, if not its very existence,
depended, was doomed to be sacrificed; and whilst gentlemen
were making great professions for the people, in order to effect
that sacrifice, a majority of this House determined that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Nayloh,] with his 800
majority, should not vote on a New Jersey question, when hia
vote was essential to a decision of that vote in favor of New
Jertey; although a majority of the House determined, shortly
after, that he might vote even in hit own case. Sir, his was
butoae vote tobe gained or lost, and political power depended
not en that; New Jersey had five votes, on which hung the
power of the House, and New Jersey was rejected. I disagree
with my honorable friend from Virginia [Mr. Borrs] in ex-
onerating the Clerk from all blame; he was but the means, the
instrument, it is true, by whom the wrong was effected, and
without whom, I believe, it would not have been done; yet as
such I blame him, whilst I detract not an iota of the responsi-
bility from the party and its chief, by whom the deed was done.
Sir, one of the first acts¡of the first ol the Stuarts was an attempt
to extend his prerogative over the returns to Parliament. The
Chancellor, sir, the creature of his will, was the instrument on
that occasion; but his audacity was rebuked by the House of
Commons; and the same game was attempted, with more suc-
cess, by Oliver Cromwell, as the Protector of the dear people.
And these, sir, are the illustrious precedents by which the re-
turns from a State Executive have been disregarded, and the
State disfranchised. It is not a matter of surprise that the
honorable member from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] should be
sick of this New Jersey question. Sir, I doubt not but he
and his political friends will grow much worse before the
Jersey question is done ringing in their ears, with the knell of
departed power.
Mr. Speaker, I have been placed, in this controversy, in a
delicate and responsible position. High and important duties
to my colleagues, my constituents and my country, have de-
volved upon me, and I have endeavored, sir, to perform them
to the best of my ability, faithfully and honestly. Selected, sir.
for the station now occupied, twice without my solicitation—
once after a positive declension—I have felt and acted on this
as I trust I shall ever do on all other questions, fearlessly, inde-
pendently; and as I neither expect nor desire again lobe a can-
didate for a seat on this floor, 1 feel no personal interest in this
question other than should be felt by evety Jerseyman and
every friend of his country.
CUMBERLAND ROADN,
In Senmtt, April 3,1840.—The bill máfeúfg far-
ther appropriations for the continuation of the
Cumberland Road in the States of Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Illinois, then came up as the special
order.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, wished to say a few,
and very few words on this bill, and to assign briefly
his reasons for the vote against it at this time,
which he felt himself compelled to give. He had
always believed, and still believed, in the existence
of a power in the General Government to provide
for the construction of works of internal improve-
ment; but he had never thought it expedient to cre-
ate a national debt in «rder to provide the ways and
means to construct them. It was only when it
could be done without inconvenience to the Trea-
sury, that he had been willing to concur in appro-
priations to that object. Of late years, considering
how much the States have done for themselves, and
how much had been contributed* by the General
Government, in aid of them, under the act dis-
tributing the surplus revenue among them, he for
one was willing to waive the exercise of the power
in respect to canals and roads, especially if a law
could be passed to distribute the nett proceeds of
the sales of the public land . That would supply
a fund, in perpetuity, abundantly sufficient for all
desirable objects of internal improvement.
Since President Jackson's veto of the Maysville
and Lexington Turnpike road, which in fact was
but a section of one arm of the Cumberland road,
the operation of the Constitution of the United
States, as to the construction of artificial roads, has
been suspended in all part of the United States, ex-
cept in the three States of Indiana, Ohio, and Illi-
nois. We have had, in effect, two Constitutions
of the United States, one for these three States, and
another for the rest of the Union. For I repeat,
what I have before said, that the proposed appro-
priations to the Cumberland road are wholly inde-
feasible, but upon the ground of the existence of a
general power in the Constitution, authorizing
words of internal improvement. And I so under-
stand Senators, immediately interested in this bill,
to maintain. It has b«en contended, indeed, that
the United States, as a great land proprietor, has
a power to open roads, with a view to the sale and
enhancement of the value of their land; and so they
have. But no one can, I think, allege that, if that
were the object, a road so costly as this would be
made, or that it has been in fact constructed with
that view.
It has appeared to us, on the southwest side of
the Ohio river, very hard that, under a common
Constitution, our neighbors on the northwest side
could have constitutionally appropriated the pub
lie money to the object of erecting these roads,
whilst it would be unconstitutional to apply it to
ours. We have felt the injustice of being taxed to
supply the means of constructing the roads «f
others, without any reciprocal taxation of them to
assist in making our roads.
This inequality has made me heretofore, since
the veto of the Maysville and Lexington turnpike
road, vote with great reluctance for appropriations
fer the continuance of the Cumberland road. That
reluctance was increased by a knowledge of the
fact that the very States which were thus exclu-
sively benefited, constantly maintained the Admi-
nistration which originated and inflicted this ine-
quality. Nay, more; a majority of their delega-
tions has been always opposed to a distribution of
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands, by
which other States, as well as themselves, might
have acquired the requisite funds to construct their
works.
Perhaps, after that veto, I ought not to have
voted for any appropriation for the Cumberland
road until the general power was restored, or an
equivalent obtained. But I have voted for such
appropriations, and would have continued, for a
time, to do so, if we had posses'ed the means with-
out going inte debt, and if the President and Secre-
tary of the Treasury had recommended the appro-
priation.
The Secretary of the Treasury presents the an-
nual estimates for the service of the current year.
That for the Cumberland road is not amongst
them. Both he and the President urge the ob-
servance of the strictest economy. The President
goes so far as to intimate the use of that veto,
which, instead of being a power of occasional and
extraordinary use, has been too frequently exer-
cised. The Treasury is literally empty; and we
are called upjn to borrow money, as the issue of
Treasury notes is called, to supply means for the
current expenses of the Government.
It is under these circumstances that we are ask-
ed to appropriate $225,000 to the Cumberland
road; and to force the appropriation upon the Ex-
ecutive against its wishes, and against all the mo-
tives to economy which exist, and which have been
so earnestly, and I hope sincerely, pressed upon our
consideration.
We of the Opposition have been accused unjust-
ly, by the friends of the Administration, with swell-
ing the annual expenditures of the Government,
which have certainly reached a most extravagant
amount. If we concur in the passage of this ap-
propriation, contrary to what I suppose to be the
desi.e of the Administration, shall we not, so far as
it goes, give color to the accusation to which I
have referred? If the friends of the Administra-
tion wish the bill passed, they have majorities in
both Houses sufficient to pass it.
Another consideration operates very strongly
with me to dissuade me, at the present time, from
concurring in the passage of this bill; and that is
the necessity, which I think exists, for a thorough
investigation into the causes of the extraordinary
expenditure upon this road in those States, and es-
pecially in Indiana. I understand that the road
has cost thirteen or fourtetn thousand dollars per
mile. And, after all that has been already ex-
pended upon the work, it has been stated that it
will require seven or eight millions of dollars to
complete it as far as the river Mississippi.
Now, sir, this astonishing expenditures requires
a most rigorous examination. To what is it ow-
ing? I think it is not explained by the alleged tar-
diness or want of appropriations, and a consequent
necessity of repairs. When the trees on the site
of the road are felled and removed, and the road is
graded by filling up valleys and cutting down hills,
that work must remain unaffected seriously by any
use or neglect of the road. The repairs necessary
in consequence of the premature use of the road,
can only require a trifling expense compared to the
original cost of grading it. There must be some
other cause of the enormous expenditure upon this
road, and before we make further and lavish ap-
propriations to that object, that cause ought to be
| probed, and certainly and carefully ascertained.
Why, sir, since the veto of the Maysville and
Lexington road, we have in Kentucky made upon
our own means between four and five hundred
miles of McAdamized turnpike road, at an ave-
rage cost not exceeding, I believe, six thousand
dollars per mile. Why should a mile of that de-
scription of road cost on the northwest side of the
Ohio river more than double what it does on the
other side? And that, too, notwithstanding the
difference in the character of the labor on the two
sides of the river. Assuming the distance between
Wheeling and St. Louis to be about six hundred
miles, one-half of the sum of eight millions of
dollars, now said to be necessary to complete the
read, after all the immense expenditures which
have been made upon it, ought to be sufficient, ac-
cording to the rate of cost of such roads in Ken-
tucky, to construct the whole road, if not a stroke
of work had been executed upon it.
Under all these circumstances, Mr. President, I
cannot, at this time, vote for the appropriations
proposed in this bill, whatever I might have been
disposed to do in a more auspicious state of public
affairs. I think that it will be better to remit the
whole subject to the administration of President
Harrison. Under that, an investigation can.be
made into the causes of the vast cost of this road,
and a proper correction will, no doubt, be applied.
And his identity, throughout almost his whole life,
with the interests of the three States more directly
interested in the road, will secure for it a just and
liberal patronage. Whether that patronage should
be extended by a direct grant from the public
Treasury, by a division among all the State* of
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands, or by
other means, will then be fit subjects of inquiry.
And we may rest in perfect confidence that the Ad-
ministration which, with the aid of the people,
and with the blessing of God, will commence on
the 4th day of March, in the year of our Lord
1841, will do in respect to this road whatever may
be demanded by the interests of the particular
States and of the whole Union.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said he rose under feel-
ings of a character that he had not language to ex-
press, to say a word in reply to the Senator from
Kentucky, (Mr. Cut) and the Senator from New
Jersey, (Mr. Southard.) I have heard those Se-
nators to-day, said Mr. S. with deep mortification
and regret. I hope I need not point to my short
political life, to prove that I have been the friend of
those Senators through evil as well as through good
report. I have felt for them all the devotion which
their brilliant career, and especially that of the Se-
nator from Kentucky, was calculated to produce
in the mind of a young and ardent politician of
the West. I have been so located, that the Cum-
berland road has been the all absorbing question of
interest to those whose immediate interest I repre-
sent here; and I have looked up to and advocated
the high pretensions of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, on more than one occasion, to the highest of-
fice in the gift of the American people; and when
doing so, I have with pride and satisfaction pointed
to him as the champion of this work. He has
been true to our interest, so has the Senator from
New Jersey, in by-gone days. I did fondly hope,
Mr. President, that I could still have enrolled them
among our Western friends; but in this I have been
doomed to bitter disappointment. Had the sounds
which I have heard from these Senators to-day pro-
ceeded from another part of the chamber—bad the
arguments which they have presented to the Senate
to-day, in justification of their votes against this bill,
been urged by Senators from whom I have been
accustomed to hear them, I should have remained
silent. But when two of the former friends of this
measure, so distinguished as the Senators to whom 1
am reply ing,all at once bound from their original posi-
tioned come out with set speeches against thisroad,
I feel that I should be recreant to my duty were I to
suffer the interests of my State and the wishes of
her people to yield to any personal or political con-
siderations whatever. I confess, sir, that never in
my life have I been called upon to perform a duty
which has given me so much pain as does that
which I am about to perform in replying to these
distinguished Senators; and while I shall treat them
with the courtesy and respect due to their age and
