7*6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1140.
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Clay of Ky.
Senate.
measure, which both its friends and foes unite in
thinking will eiert a tremendous, if not revolution-
ary, influence upon the business and concerns of
the country—a measure which has so long and so
greatly distracted and divided our councils, and
against which the people have so often and so
signally pronounced their judgment, to be forced
through the Senate of the United Stales.
Mr. President, it is no less the duty of the states-
man than the physician to ascertain the exact state
of the body to which he is to minister before he
ventures to prescribe any healing remedy. It is
with no pleasure, but with profound regret, that
I survey the present condition of our country. I
have rarely, I think never, known a period oí such
universal and intense distress. The General Go-
vernment is in debt, and iis existing revenue is in-
adequate to meet its ordinary expenditure. The
States are in debt,3 some of them largely in debt,
insomuch that they have been compelled to resort
to the ruinous expedient of contracting new leans
to meet the interest upon prior loans; and the
" people are surrounded with difficulties; greatly em-
barrassed, and involved in debt. Whilst this is,
unfortunately, the general state of the country, the
means of extinguishing this vast mass of debt are
in constant diminution. Property is falling in
value—all the great staples of the country are
declining in price, and destined, I fear, to further
decline. The certain tendency of this vsry mea-
sure is to reduce prices. The banks aro rapidly
decreasing tht amount of their circulation. About
one-half of them, extending from New Jersey to
the extreme Southwest, have suspended specie pay*
ments, presenting an image of a paralytic, one
moiety of whose body is stricken with palsy. The
banks are without a head; and, instead of union,
concert, and co-operation between them, we be-
hold jealously, distrust, and enmity. We have
no currency whatever posssssing uniform value
throughout the whole country. That which we
have, consisting almost entirely of the issues of
banks, is in a state of the utmost disorder, inso-
much that it varies, in comparison with the specie
standard, from par to fiity per cent, discount.
Exchanges, too, are ia the greatest possible'confu-
sion, not merely between distant parts of the Union,
but between cities and places in the same neighbor-
hood. That between our great commercial marts
of New York and Philadephia, within five or six
hours of each other, vacillating between seven and
ten per cent. Tne products of our agricultural
industry are unable to find their way to market
from the want of means in the hands of traders to
purchase'them, orlfrom the want of confidence in
the stability of things. Many of our manufacto-
ries stopped or stopping, especially in the impor-
tant branch of woollens; and a vast accumulation
of their fabrics on hand, owing to the destruction
of confidence and the wretched s'ate of exchange
between different sections of the Union.
Such is the unexaggerated picture of our present
condition. And amidst the dark and dense cloud
that surrounds us, I perceive not one gleam of light.
It gives me nothing but pain to sketch the picture.
Bat duty and truth require that existing diseases
should be fearlessly examined and probed to the
bottom. We shall otherwise be utterly ineapable
of conceiving or applying appropriate remedie*.
If the present unhappy state of our country had
been brought upon the people by their folly and
extravagancs.it ought to be borne with fortitude,
and without complaint, and without reproach. But
it is my deliberate judgment that it has not been—
that the people are not to blame—and that the
principal causes of existing embarrassments are
not to be traced to them. Sir, it is not my pur-
pose to. waste the time or excite the feelings of
members of the Senate by dwelling leng on what I
suppose to be those causes. My object is a better,
a higher, and I hope a more acceptable one—to
consider the remedies proposed for the present
exigency. Still, I should not fulfil my whole duty
if I did not briefly say that, in my conscience, I
believe our pecuniary distresses have mainly
sprung from the refusal to recharter the late Bank
•f the United States; the removal of the public
deposites from that institution; the multiplication
ot State banks in consequence; and the Treasury
stimulus given to them to extend their operations;
the bungling manner in which the law, depositing
the surplus treasure with the States, was executed;
the Treasury Circular; and altbouga last, perhaps
not least, the exercise of the power of the veto on
the bill for distributing, among the States, the
nett proceeds of the sales of the public lands.
What, Mr. President, is needed, at the present
crisis, to restore the prosperity of the people? A
sound local currency; mixed with a currency pos-
sessing uniform value throughout the whole coun-
try; a re-establisbment of regular exchanges between
different parts of the Unian; and a revival of
general confidence. The people want, in short,
good Government at Washington; the abandon-
ment of rash and ruinous experiments; the practice
here of economy, and the pursuit of the safe lights
of experience. Gives us these; and the growth of
our population, iha enterprise of our people, and
the abundance, variety, and riebne s ot the pro-
ducts of our soil and of our industy, with the
blessings of Providence, will carry us triumphantly
through all our complicated embatrassments.
Deny these—persevere in a ma!-administration of
Government—and it is in vain that the bounties
of Heaven are profusely scattered around us.
There is one man—and I lament to say, from
the current of events and the progress of Executive
and party power—but one man, at present in the
country, who can bring relief to it, and bind up
the bleeding wounds of the people. He, of all men
in the nation, ought to feel as a parent should feel,
most sensibly, the distresses and sufferings of his
family. But, looking to his public course and his
official acts, I am constrained to say that he sur-
veys unconcerned the wide-spread ruin and bank-
ruptcy and wretchedness before bim, without emo-
tion and without sympathy. Whilst all the ele-
ments of destruction are at work, and the storm is
raging, the Chief Magistrate, standing in the midst
of his unprotected fellow-citizens, on the dis-
tinguished position of honor and confidence to
which their suffrages have devoted him, deliberately
wraps around himself the folds of his India-rubber
cloak, and, lifting his umbrella over his head, tells
them, drenched and shivering as they are under
the beating rain and hail and snow falling upon
them, that he means to taka care of himself and the
official corps, and that they are in the habit of ex-
pecting too much from Government, and must
look out for their own shelter, and security, and
salvation!
And now allow me to axamine, and careflluy
and candidly consider, the remedy which this bill
offers to a suffering people for the unparalleled dis-
tresses under which they are writhing. I will
first analyze and investigate it as its friends and
advocates represent it. What is it? What is this
measure, which has so long and so deeply agitated
this country, under the various denominations of
Sub-Treasury, Independent Treasury, and Divorce
of tbe State from Banks? What is it? Let us de-
fine it truly and clearly. Its whole principle
consists in an exaction from the people of specie;
in the payment of all their duties and dues to
Government, and the disbursement of specie by tbe
Government, in the payment of all salaries and of
all the creditors of the Government. This is its
simple and entire principle. Divest the bill under
consideration of all its drapery and paraphernalia,
this is its naked, unvarnished, andunexaggerated
principle, according to its own friends. This ex-
clusive use of specie, in all receipts and payments
of the Government, it is true, it is not to be instanta-
neously enforced; but that it is the direct and
avowed aim and object of the measure, to be
accomplised, gradually but in the short space of a
little more then three years. The twenty-eight
sections of the bill, with all its safes, and vaults,
and bars, and bolts, and receivers general, and ex-
aminers, have nothing more nor less ia view than
the exaction of specie from the people, and the sub-
sequent distribution of that specie among the offi-
cers of the Government and the creditors of the
Government. It does not touch, nor profess to
touch, the actual currency of the country. It
leaves the local banks, where it found them, unre*
formed, uncontrolled, unchecked in all their opera-
tions.   It is a narrow, selfish, heartless measure.
It turns away from the people, and abandons them
to their hard and inexorable fate; leaving them ex-
posed to all the peinicioes consequences of an un-
sound currency, utterly irregular and disordered
exchanges, and the greatest derangement in all
business. It is worse; it aggravates and perpetu-
ates the very evils which the Government will not
redress: for, by going into the market and creating
a new additional demand for specie, it cripples and
disables the State Banks, and renders them in 
capable of furnishing tbat relief to the people
which a parental Government is bound to exert all
its energies and powers to afford. The divorce of
the State from banks, of which its friends boast,
is, not the only separation which it makes—it is a
separation of the Government from the consti-
tuency—a disunion of the interests of the servants
of the people from the interest of the people.
This bill, then, is wholly incommensurate with
the evils under which the country is suffering. It
leaves them not only altogether unprovided for,
but aggravates them. It carries no word of cheer-
ing hope or encouragement to a depressed people.
It leaves their languishing business in the same
state of hopeless discouragement.
But its supporters argue that such a system of
convertible paper as this country has so long had,
is radically wrong; that all our evils are to be
traced to the banks; and that the sooner they are
put down, and a currency exclusively metallic is
established, the better. They further argue that
such a metallic currency will reduce inflated
prices, lower the wages of labor, enable us to
manufacture cheaper, and thereby admit our
manufactories to maintain a successful competi-
tion with foreigners. And all these results, at
some future time or other, are to be brought about
by the operation of this measure.
Mr. President, in my opinion, a currency purely
metallic is neither desirable, in the present state of
the commercial world, nor, if it were, it is practi-
cable, or possible to be attained in this country.
And, if it were possible it could not be brought
about without the most frightful and disastrous
consequences, crea'ing convulsion, if not revolu-
tion.
Of all conditions of society, that is most prosper,
ous in which there isa gradual and regular in-
crease of the circulating medium, and a gradual
but not too rapid increase in the value of property
and the price of commodities. In such a state of
things, business of all kinds is active and animated,
every department of it flourishes, and labor is
liberally rewarded. No sacrifices are made of
property, and debtors find, without difficulty, the
means of discharging promptly their debts. Men
hold on to what they have, without the apprehen-
sion of loss, and we behold no glutted markets.
Of all conditions of society, that is most adverse in
which there is a constant and rapid diminution
of the amount of the circulating medium. Debtors
become unable to pay their debts, property falls,
the market is glutted, business declines, and labor
is thrown out of employment. In such a state of
things, the imagination goes ahead of the reality.
Sellers become numerous, from the apprehension
that their property, now falling, will fall still lower;
and purchasers scarce, from an unwillingness to
make investments with the hazard of almost cer-
tain loss.
Have gentleman reflected upon the consequences
of their system of depletion? I have already
stated that the country is borne down by a weight
of debt. If the currency be greatly diminished, as
beyond all example it has been, how is this debt to
be extinguished? Property, the resource on which
the debtor relied for his payment, will decline in
value; and it may happen that a man, who
honestly contracted debt, on the faith of property
which had a value, at the time, fully adequate to
warrant the debt, will find himself stript of all hit
Íroperty and his debt remain unextinguished,
'he gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Bcchanam)
has put the case of two nations, in one of which
the amount of its currency shall be double what it
is in the other, and, as hs contends, the prices
of all property will be double in the former nation
of what they are in tbe latter. If this be true of
two nations, it must be equally true of one, whose
