Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7%r
£6th Cong......1st Skss.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Clay of Ky.
Senate.
circulating medium is at one period doable what
it is at another. Now, as the friends of the bill
argue, we have been and yet a'einthts inflated
siate, our currency has been double, or in some-
thing like that proposition, of what was necessary,
and we must coma down to the lowest standard.
Do the  not perceive that inevitable ruin to
thousands mas be the necessary consequence?
A m n, for example, own>n° property to the  alu->
of #5,000, con-racts a debt for $5,000. By the
reduction of one-half of the currtncv of the coun-
try, his property, in effect, beco nes reduced to th 
value of $2,500. But his debt undergoes no cor-
responding reduction. He give up all h s prorerty,
and remains still in debt $2 500 Thin ¿hi* mea-
sure will operate on the debt  r class of the union,
always the weaker cla*s, and that which, for (bat
reason, most needs the prottction of" Government.
But, if the effect of this hard money policy upon
the debtor class be injurious, it is still more dis*
astrous, if possible, on the laboring classes.
Enterprise will be checked or stopped, employment
will become difficult, and the poorer classes will
be subject to the greatest privations and distresses.
Heretofore it has been one of the pretensions and
boasts of the dominant party, that th«y sought to
elevate the poor by depriving the rich of undue
advantages. Now their policy is to reduce the
wages of labor, and this is openly avowed; and it
is argued by them that it is necessary to reduce the
wages of American labor to the low standard of
European labor, in order to enable the Americas
manufacturer to enter into a successful competition
wi;h tha European manufacturer in the sale of
their respective fabrics. Thus is this dominant
party perpetually changing; one day cajoling the
poor, and fulminating against the rich; and the
next cajoling the rich, and fulminating against
the poor. It was but yesterday that we heard that
all who were trading on borrowed capital ought to
break. It was but yesterday we heard denounced
the long-established policy of the country, by which,
it was alleged, the poor were made poroer, and
the rich were made richer.
Mr. President, of all the subjects of national
policy, not one ought to be touched with so
much delicacy as that of the wages; in other
words, the bread of the poor man. In dwelling,
as I have often done, with inexpressible satisfac-
tion upon the many jilrantages of our country,
there is not one which has given me more delight
than the high price of annual labor. There is not
one which indicates more clearly the prosperity of
the mass of the community. In the features of
human society, there are none, I think, which
more decisively display the general welfare than
a permanent high rate of wages, and a permanent
high rate of interest. Of course,- I do not mean
those excessive high rates of temporary existence,
which result from sudden and unexpected demands
for labor or capital, and which may, and generally
d>,evince some unnatural and extraordinary state
of things; but I mean a settled, steady, and durable
high rate of wages of labor, and interest upon
money. Such a state demonstrates activity and
prca s in all the departments of business. It proves
that the employer can afford to give high wages
to the laborer, in consequence of the profits of his
business, and the borrower high interest to the
lender, in consequence of the gains which he
makes by the use of capital. On the contrary, in
countries where business is dull and languishing,
and all the walks of society are full, the small pro-
fits that are made will not justify high interest or
high wages.
Wages of labor will be low where there is no
business, and of course but little or no demand /or
labor; or where, from the density of population, the
competition for employment is great, and the de-
mand for labor is not equal to the supply. Similar
causes will tend to the reduction of the rate of in-
terest. Our vast unpeopled regions in the West
protect us against the evils of a too crowded popu-
lation. In our country, such is the variety of pro-
fitable business and pursuits that there is scarcely
any in which one can engage with diligence, inte-
grity, and ordinary «kill, in regular and ordinary
times, that he is not sure of being amply rewarded.
Surveying our happy condition in tbis respect, it
was, during the last war, remarked by the present
Lord Jeffries, that America was the heaven of the
poor man and the hell of the rich. There was ex-
travagance in the assertion, mixed with some
truth. It wou'd have been more accurate to have
said that, with good government, it was an earthly
heaven both of the rich and poor.
It is contrnd"d. however, that the reduction of
wates would t><" only nominal; that an exclusive
«p-cie currency being established, the prices of all
commodities would fall; and that the laborer would
boab'e to command as many of the necessaries of
life wuh hts low wage*, as he can at present.
T.ie great «rror of Senators on the o her side i«,
that thev do riot suffic-nilv regard the existing
structure of society, the habits and usages which
prevail; in shon, the actual sate of things. All
wl-e legislation should be founded upon the condi-
tion of s eieiy as it is and even where reform is
necessary, it s,hou d be introduced slowly, cautious-
ly, and with a careful and vigilant atttntion to all
consequences. But gentlemen seem disposed to
consider themselves at liberty to legislate tor anew
people, just sprung into existence, and commencing
its career—one for which they may, without refe-
rence to what they see all around them, speculate
and theorize at pleasure. Now, if we were
such a people, and were deliberating on the
question of what was the best medium of circula-
tion to represent the property and transact the busi-
ness of the country, it is far from beinr certain
that it would be deemed wisest to adoptan exclusive
specie standard. But when we glance at society
as it actually exists, with all its relations and rami-
fications, its engagements, debts, wants, habits,
customs, nothing can be more unwise, it seems to
me, than to attempt so radical a change as that
which is contemplated.
I cannot admit that the laborer, with hi* low
wages, would be in as eligible a situation as he
now is. The argument excludes all consideration
of his condition during the transition from the
paper to the specie medium. In the descending
process from an abundant to a scarce circulation,
there would be for him nothing but distress and
wretchedness; and he would be in the greatest
danger of starvation before the £1 Dorado of gen-
tlemen was reached. The adjustment of prices to
the state of the currency is not so sudden a work
as is imagined. Long after the specie standard
should be established, the old prices of many ar-
ticles would remain; and all foreign productions
which enter into the consumption of the poor man
would continue unaffected by our domestic cur-
rency. If it be true that there would be no alte-
ration in the condition of the laborer, if he would
really get as mncb, in rafee, in the new state of
things as the old, how is that of the capitalist, en-
gaged in manufactures, to be improved? Would
not his situation also nmatn unaltered?
The assumption that an exclusive hard money
circulation is beat for the laborer, best for the man-
ufacturer, best for the country, is against all the
experience of the world. Beyond all doubt, Eog-
land i« the most prosperous of all the nations of
the old world, and England is the greatest paper
money country that exists. Her manufactures find
a market in every portion of the globe; her opera-
tives and laborers are paid better and fed better
than any in Europe. Have the manufacturers of
the hard money countries of the continent prevailed
over those of England, and driven them out of the
market, in fair competition? Far from it. Their po-
licy is to exclude, by prohibitions and heavy duties,
the entry of British, goods into their ports. Eng-
land has sought to make treaties with them all, and
especially with France, upon the basis of free trade;
and France has replied that her manufacturers are
too much behind those of England to admit of their
beisg placed upon a footing of equality. Paper
money-inflated England manufactures about two-
thirds of all the cotton exported from the
United States; and her cotton manufacture alone is
probably greater than that of all the rest of Europe.
But, Mr. President, if the banishment from
circulation of all bank paper, and the exclusive
use of specie in this country, were desirable, is it
practicable, can it be possibly brought about? I
have said that tha legislator is bound to have due
regard to the wants, wishes, necessities, and con-
dition <f the country for which he acts. But a
practical Americanstae^man has a fupher duty
to perform—that of attentively considering the dis-
tribution of the power of Government in this
Confederacy. Heie we have local G vernments
for the resp-rtivc 8 ate\ and a General Govern-
ment for ihe wh'i-. The G neral Government
has but few, 1 mi'ed, and well defined powers, the
S ates severally po<-essing all power not denied to
thern or delesatfd by the Federal Constitution.
Whatever difference of opinion m'ght exi^t, if it
were a new question, it cannot now be controverted
that each of ihe twen'y -ix S ate Governm nts has
the power to brin? into existence as many banks
as ii please . B*nk< have acoor ling y bevn creat-
ed, and will continue, and must exist, in spi a af
the General Government. The paper of banks
will therefore remain, as it has bren, a part of the
general circulation, in defiance «f any policy which
this Governmentmiy proclaim. And if one or more
of the States were to adopt the hard money policy,
there would be other  which would find, in the ve-
ry forbearance of certain members of the Confede-
racy to establish or continue banks, a fresh motive
to create and sustain them; for 'he issues of their
hanks would run into the States which had them
not,and theywou'd thm appropnaeto themselves
at the expense of o'lvrs, all the benefits of bank-
ing. I recollect well how banks were originally
first introduced into many of the Southern and
Western Sta'er. They found themselves «posed
to all the inconveniences, without enjiyiag the
benefits of the banking system; and thev were re-
duced to the necessi-y of establishing banks to «here
the advantages as well as the disadvantages of the
system.
Banks, bank notes, a convertible paper money,
are, therefore, inevitable. There is no e«cipe from
them. You may deliver as many homilies as yom
please, send forth from this Capitol as many essays
and disquisitions as you think proper, circulate
President's messages denouncipg them as widely
as you chooje, aud thunder forth from a party
press as loud and as long as you can, against banks,
and they will continue to exist in spite of you.
What, then, is it the dorr of a wise practical Fade 
ral statesman to do? Since he finds a state of
things which is unalterable, to which he must sub-
mit, however convinced he may be of the utility of
a change, his duty is to accommodate his measures
to this immutable state of public affairs. And, if
he cannot trust the eight or nine hundred local
banks which are disbursed through the country,
create a Federal Bank, amenable to the General
Government, subject to its inspection and authority,
and capable of supplying a general currency wor-
thy of its confidence; make, in short, the Govern-
ment of the whole partake of the genius and con-
form to tWe fixed character of the parts.
Mr. President, I never have believed that the
local bank* were competent to supply such a gene-
ral currency, of uniform value, as this people
wants, or to perform those financial offices which
are necessary to a soccersful administration of this
Government I pronounced them incompetent at
the period of the removal of the deposites; and we
foretold the unfortunate state of things that now ex-
ists. But the party in power, which now denounces
them, proclaimed their entire ability not only to
supply as good but a better currency than that
which was furnished by the Bank of the United,
States, and to perform all the financial duties which
that institution fulfilled. After that party had suc-
ceeded in putting down the Bank of the United
States, and got their system into full operation, it
continued, year after year, to announce to the
public that all its expectations had been fully re-
alized.                                                .   . t
A Bank of the United States established byta 
Government would not only fitrnish it a currency
in which it might safely confide, in ell receipts end
payment?, and execute every financial office, butit
would serve as a sentinel, a cement, and a regula-
tor to the Sta'e banks. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania has urged that the present Bank of the
United States of Pennsylvania has a charter awe
extensive than that of the late Bank of the Uefted
States; that it is in fact the old Bank with a new
