w
Jan. 1840.____________
26th Covg«."1st Sess.
&c. you accelerated the catastrophe cf the suspen-
sion of the banks. You began wrh promises to the
peopl* of better currency, betier times, more secu-
rity to civil liberty; and you end with no currency
at all, the wcrst possible times, an increase of Ex-
ecutive power, and a cons?quent increase of dan-
ger to civil liberty. You began with promises to
fill the pockets of the people, and you end with
emptying theirs and filling your own.
I now proceed, sir, to the object which constituted !
the mam purpose ol my rising at this time. I have |
hitherto considered the bill, as its friends in the Se-
nate represent it, as a measure simply for exacting
specie, keeping it in the custody of officers ef the
Government, and disbursing it in a course of ad-
ministration. I mean now to show that, whatever its
friends here may profess or believe, the bill lays the
foundations deep and broad of a Government bank
—a Treasury bank, under the sole management of
the President. Let us first define a bank. It may
have three faculties, separately or combined. The
faculty of issues, entering into and forming a part
of the circulating medium of the country; that of
receiving deposites; and that of making discounts.
Any one of these three faculties makes it a bank;
and by far the most important of the three is that
of the power of issues. That this bill creates a
bank oí issues, I most sincerely believe, and shall
now attempt to prove, and the proof will be first
extraneous, and secondly intrinsic.
As to the extraneous proof, I rely upon the re-
peated declarations of the late President of the
United States in his annual messages. On more
than one occasion he stated the practicability of
establishing a bank on the revenue of the Govern-
ment, and to be under the superintendence of the
Secretary of the Treasury. And when he vetoed
the charter of the la'e Bank of the United States,
he expressly declared that, if Congress had applied
to him, he could have furnished the scheme of a
bank free from all constitutional objections; doubt-
less meaning a Treasury bank. The present
Chief Magistrate and the present Secretary of the
Treasury have, also, repeatedly, in language, in
their messages and reports, characteristically am-
biguous, it is true, but sufficiently intelligible, inti-
mated the facilities which the commerce and busi-
ness of the country would derive from the drafts
issned by the Treasurer in virtue of this bill. The
party, its press, and its leaders, hare constantly
pot this Sob-Treasury scheme in competition with a
Bank of the United Sta'es, and contended that the
issue was Sab-Treasury or Bank of the United
States. But how can they be compared or come
in competition with each other, if the most impor-
tant function of a bank cf the United States, that
of supplying a medium of general circulation and
uniform value, is not to be performed under this ¡
bill?                                                                      ¡
I pass to the more important, and, I think, con-
clusive proof, supplied by th* provisions themselves
of the bill. After providing that all money paid to
Government for duties, public lands, and other
does, shall be deposited with the Treasurer of the
United States, the receivers general and the mints, '
tie tenth section enacts:
"That it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the
Treasury to transfer the moneys in the hands of any
depositary hereby constituted, to the Treasury of
the United States; to the Mint at Philadelphia; to
the Branch Mint at New Orleans; or to the offices
of either of the receivers general of public moneys,
by this act directed to be appointed, to be there
tafely kept, according to the provisions of this act;
and also to transfer moneys in the hands of any one
depositary constituted by this act, to any other depo-
sitary constituted by the same, at his discretion, and
as the safety of the public moneys and the conve-
nience of the public service shall seem to him to re-
quire; which authority to transfer the moneys be-
longing to the Post Office Department is also here- ¡
by conferred upon the Postmaster General, so far as i
its exercise by him may be consistent with the pro-
visions of existing liws; and every depositary con-
stituted by this act shall keep his accoant of the
money paid to er deposited with him, belonging to
the Post Office Department, separate and distinct
ilota the account kept by him of other public no-
Keys so paid «r deposited.   And for the purpose of
IX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Independent Treasury—Mr. Clay of Ky.
payments on the public account, it shall be la«fu
for the Treasurer of the United States to draw upon
any of the said dsp«sitaries, as he may think most
conducive to the public interests, or to the conve-
nience of the public creditors, or both."
Thus is the Secretary invested with unlimited
authority to transfer the public money from one
depositary to another, and to concentrate it all, if
he pleases, at a single point. But, without this
provision, the city of New York necessarily must
be the place at which the largest portion of the
public money will be constantly in deposite. It
collects alone about two-thirds of duties on im-
ports, and is becoming, if it be not already, the
money centre of the United States. It is not in-
dispensable, to create a bank of issues, that the
place «f issue and the place of payment should be
identical. The issue of the paper may be at one
city, and the place of payment may be at a diffe-
rent and even distant city. Nor is the form of
the paper material, so as to carry it into the gene-
ral circulation of the money of the country.
Whether it be in the shape of bank notes, bank
"checks, post notes, or Treasury drafts, is of no
consequence. If there be confidence in it, and
the paper be of convenient amount, passes by
delivery, and entitles the holder to demand the
specie upon its face, at his pleasure, it will enter
into the general circulation; and the extent of its
circulation will be governed by the amount issued,
and the confidence which it enjoys.
I presume that no one will contest these princi-
ples. Let us apply them to the provisions of this
bill. The last clause of the tenth section, already
cited, declares:
" And for the purpose of payments on the pub-
lic account, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of ¡
the United States to diaw upon any of the said de-  '
positaries as he may think most conducive to the
public interests, or to the convenience of the public
creditors, or both."                                                 !
Here is no restriction whatever as to the amount I
or form of the draff. There is nothirg to prevent t
his making it for $100, or $50, or $10. There is
nothing to prevent the use of bank paper; and the
draft will have the number of signatures usual to
bank paper. It, will or may be signed by the Trea-
surer, Register, and Comptroller.
Now sir, let me suppose that a citizen has a de-
mand upon the Government for $5,000,  and ap-
plies to the Treasurer for payment.   On what re-
■ ceiver-general will you, he will be asked, have the
amount?   On the receiver-general at New York.
In what sum?     One-balf  of the sum in drafts of
! $100, and the other in drafts of $50.   The Trea-
surer cannot lawfully decline furnishing the re-
quired drafts.   He is bound by the law to consult
the convenience of the public creditor.   The drafts
are given to him.   What will he do with them?
There is not a spot in the whole circumference of
,  the United States,  in which  these drafts will not
command a premium or be at par. Every where to  i,
the  south   and   west of   New   York  they will , j
command a premium of from one-fourth to two   |
and a half per cent.   Every where, east and north, 11
tbey will be at par.    What, I again  ask, will the   j
holder do with them?   Will he commit the indis-   ¡
cretion or folly of cashing these drafts, and expose
himself to the hazard and inconvenience of losing
or carrying the specie about him?    No such thing.
Being every where better than, or equal to, specie,
he will retain the drafts and carry them with him
to his home, and use them in his business.   What
I have supposed likely to be done by one, will be
done by every creditor of the Government.   These
drafts, to a considerable extent, will remain out,
enter the general circulation, and compose a part
of the common currency of the country, command- |
ing at particular places, as notes of the Bank of I
the United States have done, and now do, a pre-   j
mium, but any where being certainly good for the   j
amount on their face.   All this is perfectly plain   j
and inevitable.   And the amount of this element
of Government drafts, in the general currency of
tbe country, will be somewhat governed by the
amount of the annual disbursements of the Go-
vernmen'.     In the early administration ef this
Treasury bank, its paper will command general
and implicit confidence.   It will be as much better
GLOBE,_____________                      7S9
Senate.
than the paper of the Bank of the United States
or the Bank of England, as the resources of the
United States are superior to those of any mere
private corporation. Sub-treasurers and receivers-
general may fly with the public money com-
mitted to their charge—may peculate or spe-
culate as they please, and unlike the con-
dition of banks, whose fraudulent officers squan-
der the means of these institutions, the nation re-
mains bound for the redemption of all paper issued
under its authority. But the paper of the late
Bank of the United States acquired a confidence
every where, more or less, in and out of the United
States. It was received in Canada,, in Europe,
and at Canton. The Government drafts upon re-
ceivers-general will have a much more sure and
extensive circulation.   Who will doubt their pay-
,i men'? Who will question the honor and good
faith of the United States in their redemption?
The bankers of Europe—the Rothschilds and the
Barings—will receive them without hesitation, and
prefer them to the specie which they represent,
whenever the rate of exchange is not decidedly
against this country, because they can be more
safely and conveniently kept than specie itself.
And, with respect to our State banks, these Trea-
sury drafts will form the basis of their operations.
They will be preferred to specie, because they will
be more convenient and free from the hazards in-
cident to the possession of specie.   The banks will
¡ require no more specie than the wants of the com-
munity for change make necessary.
Tnus, sir, will these Government drafts, or bank
notes, as they may be called, remain out- in circu-
lation. The issues of the first year, under appro-
priations of the public revenue, will be followed by
the issues of succeeding years. More and more
will it be perceived to be needless and indiscreet to
cash them; and more and more will the specie of
the country accumulate in the custody of the re-
ceivers-general, until, after a few years, the greater
part of the specie of the country will be found in
the vaults of the depositaries, represented by an
equal amount of Government paper in circulation.
I can conceive of no case or motive but one for
withdrawing the specie from the vaults of the de-
positaries, and that is, when, from an unfavorable
state of our foreign trade, the course of foreign ex-
change is much against us; and then this system
will furnish great facilities to the export of the pre-
cious metals.
In process of time, it will be seen, as was ob-
served with respect to the Bank of Amsterdam, that
there is a much larger amount of specie in depo-
site with the receivers-general than is likely to be
called for by the paper representing it in circula-
tion, in the common transactions of the business
and commerce of tbe country. And what has
been done before will be done again. Govern-
ment, in a time of necessity, will be tempted to in-
crease its paper issues upon the credit of this dor-
mant specie capital. It will be tempted again and
again to resort to this expedient, since it is easier to
make emissions of paper than to lay the burden of
taxation on the people. The history of Amenean
paper money, during the Revolution, of French
assignats and of Government banks, throughout
the world, tells the whole tale, and gives you the de-
nouement.
But we shall be informed, as has been insisted,
that this bill cautiously guards against the degene-
racy of the system into a Government bank, by the
provision centained in the 23d section, enjoining
tbe Secretary of the Treasury "to issue and publish
regulations to enforce the speedy presentation of
all Government drafts for payment at the places
where payable; and to prescribe the time, accord-
ing to the diflffrent distances of the depositaries
from the seat of Government, within which all
drafts Upon them respectively shall be presented for
payment, and in default of such presentation, to
direct any other mode and place of payment which
he may deem proper."
Then it is to depend upon the Secretary of the
Treasury whether we are to have a Government
bnnk or not! We are delivered over to the ten-
der mercies of his legislation in the form of the re-
gulations which he may choose to issue and publish!
And, the extraordinary power is vested in him, if
