1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7St
26th CowO'.'.Ist. Srss.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Proffit.
H. of Reps.
this delay of the public business! Who, sir, is
chargeable with introducing and suffering this un-
parliamentary and unprofitable discussion ! Sir,
the countenances of the prominent Administration
members give the reluctant answer. They know
that they commenced and prosecuted'this partisan
debate. They cannot deny that tbey encouraged
it. The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Duncan) knows
that he commenced it. If I do him injustice by this
accusation, he or any of his friends may correct me.
No, sir, it cannot be denied. Without the slightest
provocation, and without one word having been said
by the Opposition on the subject, he, for one whole
day, violently assailed the character of General
Harrison; exhibited caricatures—vile filthy daubs,
manufactured by his own party for political effect;
disgusted and fatigued us witht he execrable rhymes
of some wretched "ballad-monger;" read scraps
from outcast newspapers, which, until now, were
rotting in the oblivion to which they wer« long since
consigned by the universal consent of all decent
men. Sir, lor days the friends of the Administra-
tion inflicted upon us the same stale, stereotyped
speeches, which have served their purposes, in
tyery need, for the last few years. The "anti-bank,"
"anti-monopoly," " anli-associated-wealth" speech
•ns recited by tie gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Wel-
ler ;) and I mean no disrespect to the gentleman
when I say that I have unhappily been compelled
to listen to that speech upon at least one hundred
different occasions. I hope, most sincerely hope,
that I have heard it fox the last time. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Parmenter)
broached another favorite theme of the Adminis-
tration, making known his horror of the Hartford
Convention; and on this interminable topic, tested
for hours the patience of the committee. The gen-
tleman from Hew Hampshire (Mr. Atherton) who
so frequently professes to abhor irrelevancy in de-
tete, occupied, for hoars, the attention of such as
ootid listen, by reading from sundry British essays,
pamphlets, and reviews, &c; among which I re-
eollect Blockwood's Magazine occupied a very con-
spicuous plaee; and, not content with hours thus
wasted, the gentleman must have the benefit of an'
adjournment, in spite. of the remonstrances of
myself and others; and, on the next day, with re-
freshed energy and renewed vigor, continued to in-
flict upon us the punishment of listening to his dull,
«meaning, and irrelevant quotations. The hono-
rable gentleman from Maine, (Mr. Clifford,)
despite the agony depicted on every countenance
wound him, unfeelingly introduced another sub-
ject, on which all Administration men are eloquent—
" The History of the Federal and Democratic Par-
ties ;" and hour after hour was consumed in read-
ing from and descanting on all the partisan writers
of the first thirty years of our Government. Sir,
against this waste of time I must distinctly protest,
because the party in power published some years
since a pamphlet under this title. It was compiled
onder the supervision of its choice spirits, and; was
sown broadcast and gratuitously over the whole
land, particularly in the west. I have a copy of it
now before me. I therefore think this new edition
by the gentleman from Maine quite unnecessary,
especially as it is much inferior to the first; and,
sir, I would, with dne deference, suggest to gentle-
men that, if they wish to recommend themselves to
Executive favor, by becoming partisan authors and
pamphlet scribblers, would it not be better that they
should betake themselves to the closet, and in that
retirement scrawl to their heart's content. Thous-
ands of dollars could be thus saved to the people,
•ad yet the public receive the benefit of their vast
knowledge and literary gleanings. But, sir, the
gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Jameson} outstripped
ill his compeers in the ingenuity of his cruelty;
fur, in spite of all entreaty and all remonstrance, he
caused to be read to us one whole newspaper and
parts of several others. The " Nashville Union"
was, I believe, the name of the paper which he
gravely informed us he should adopt as a part of
his speech. To this, sir, I have no objection. Gen-
fleméa may adopt any bantling they please. I care
act what its color or its origin; but I do wish that
seme rule could be devised, whereby srentlemen
could be permitted to give us these pamphlets, and
reviews, and newspapers, and old songs, by the tilh.
Then, sir, a bill providing for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government might be dis-
cussed and disposed of in somewhat less time than
forty days and nights, and some exhibitions might
he avoided, which, to say the least of them; reflect
< y thing but credit upoo us as legislators,   I could
proceed, sir, to name many other gentlemen of the
Administration party who occupied day after day
without one moment's reference to the subject before
the committee. I could prove, beyond the possibility
of denial, that a very large portion of the misspent
•time of which the people are justly complaining
was occupied by the declaimers of the Administra-
tion party. Yet, sir, the organ of that party, with
unparalleled effrontery, accuses the Opposition of
procrastination, of wasting time unnecessarily, and
its petty satellites throughout the Union echo the
baseless charge, notwithstanding the facts which I
have here stated stand uncontroverted by any gen-
tleman on this floor.
There is, Mr. Chairman, one gentleman of the
Administration party who participated largely in
this debate, who is not obnoxious to the charge I
have made: it is the honorable chairman of the
"Ways and Means, (Mr. Jones.) I must, in justice
to that gentleman, say, that he attempted to curb
and repress the reckless spirits with whom he is
unfortunately associated. But dignity and common
sense, and courtesy of manners, have but little in-
fluence with them; and, therefore, his counsels
and his example passed unheeded. I, sir, well un-
derstand the object of those who have polluted this
atmosphere with their ribaldry and misrepresenta-
tions. They think that they are working wonders
in their daily labor of manufacturing political
capital for the Presidential election. They suppose
that the people will implicitly believe any slander
they may utter. They imagine that, under the im-
posing title of a Congressional name, any absurdity
will pass current in the country; and this, sir, is
the manner in which they carry on their macki-
nations.
Á base falsehood is manufactured at the fountain-
head. It is then inserted in some contemptible
newspaper in an obscure corner of the country, or
blazoned forth in staring characters in the " Official
organ," as the occasion may demand. It then takes 
the rounds of the Administration journals, with "such
comments as suit the political atmosphere in which
it appears. If it succeeds in poisoning the public
mind, the object is accomplished, and the party re-
joice, and are satisfied with the result of their la-
bors. But if the good sense of the people, distrust-
ful of the base source from which it emanates,
should hesitate to receive the falsehood—if, in
anxious inquiry after truth, the honest yeomanry
of the nation demand proof of the charge preferred,
or assertion made, and the slander receives but a
momentary check, then, sir, the eye of the Admin-
istration is cast upon Congress, and some supple
tool is selected to become the " Congressional en-
dorser." Then, sir, in the shape of a speech made
upon this floor, and with increased malignity, and
improved venom, it is poured forth to the world.
And from what I have witnessed, there certainly
is much competition for the honor of serving as the
sewer of the party, through which all the filth of
the Administration shall pass into this Hall, and
from this to the country. Upon this occasion, I
will say, that more than one of the organs selected
have shown themselves to be of fitting material,
not to be the sewer only, but the reservoir of all the
pestilential misrepresentations of the Adminis-
tration.
I cannot notice what different gentlemen have
said. I had not intended to have opened my lips
during this debate; but after what has fallen from
the gentlemen from Ohio (Mr. Duncan) and from
Virginia (Mr. Hopkins) I should consider myself
as remiss in duty did Inbtsaya few words in reply.
The first of these gentlemen is the acknowledged
idol of the party and the especial object of their
reverence. The latter, not less beloved, because
more recently installed as a priest in their political
temple. Both have figured conspicuously on this
occasion, and have succeeded in throwing into the
shade all other aspirants to the title of party leaders.
Of the speech of the gentleman from Ohio I will
say but little. All that part of it impeaching the
civil and military character of General Harrison
is but a compilation of the slanders which have
appeared again and again in the Administration
prints, and have so often been refuted that further
notice of them might possibly raise their authors
"to the dignity of a decent man's contempt." I
have no wish to give them even that importance,
but shall content myself with replying to the attacks
made upon General Harrison by the gentleman
from Virginia, both in his speech and in his letter
to Colonel Piper, which, havingj.been published in
pamphlet form, and alluded  to on this floor, is
legitimately a subject for criticism.
I perceive, Mr. Chairman, that the last Globe
contains the speech of the gentleman from Ohio,
and that, in recommending the speech to the pub-
lic, its editor says, " it has a spice of coarseness
suited to the Western people." 1 presume, sir, that
our people of the West will fully appreciate the
compliment, paid to their taste. I, sir, have yet to
learn that our people are less intelligent, or less
observant of the decencies and proprieties of life,
than the people of other portions of the Union; and
I have greatly mistaken their character if any re-
spectable man of any party will countenance and
approve any such vile garbage as is contained in
this specimen of coarseness issued to suit the taste
of the West. Could I overcome my repugnance
to read such ribaldry, I would give the committee
some "beautiful extracts" from this speech; but I
should theru be compelled to pollute my printed re-
marks witn their insertion, and, therefore, I for-
bear. At the suggestion of a gentleman immedi-
ately before me, I will, however, read one extract,
assuring the committee that I mean no contempt
by its introduction:
" Mary Rogers are a case,
And bo are Sally Thompson;
General Jackson are a horse,
And so are Colonel Johnson."
This, sir, is a specimen of Congressional speech
making, and if it is not coarse enough to suit the
taste oi the most vulgar, the gentleman will, doubt-
less, upon another trial, improve both his style and
his rhymes. With the aid of other kindred spirits,
he will-, doubtless in his next effort, favor us with
something still more disgusting and foolish.
I, Mr. Chairman, as a Western man, have watch-
ed with something both of sorrow and of anger, the
continued insults which have been offered to the
West, since General Harrison became a candidate.
No sooner was his name announced, than we were
sneeringly told that he was but a "paltry Log Ca-
bin Candidate;" as though a residence in an humble
dwelling constituted a crime, or at least a disquali-
fication for office. Another writer of the Admin-
istration, defending this scornful allusion to the
people of the West, speaks of the tenants of the log
cabins as "having souls suited to the dirt hovels in
which theylive." And now, sir, the most loathsome
trash is published under the name of a speech, and
it is said by the official organ that its coarseness will
suit the Western people.
Sir, I know the people who are the objects of this
continued abuse. I know full well the answer they
will give to these pampered menials of power.
They await impatiently the coming of November
next; and then, sir, with one simultaneous thunder-
shout of indignation, will they pronounce the death-
doom of the Administration which, not content
with injuring, has dared to insult them.
And now, sir, I will turn my attention to the
gentleman from Virginia, (Mr. Hopkins,) and al-
though I could wish to follow him closely, and ex-
amine his position minutely, this, sir, is impossible,
both from the lateness of the hour, and from the
multiplicity of subjects introduced by the gentle-
man, doubtless to evade the true issue now pend-
ing. But, sir, as I had anticipated, the currency
question was the principal theme of his discourse;
and all the distress and ruin now universal through
the country, is attributed to the banks. This is al-
ways the cry—over-issues; contraction and expan-
sion; excessive imports; small exports; heartless
corporations; combined wealth. These never vary-
ing and never failing catch phrases the gentleman
uses in profusion, both in his speech and in his let-
ter to Col. Piper. In the latter, I find it again and
again repeated. Page 4,1 find he speaks of the in-
fluence of the banks, and of the "wnole dynasty of
associated wealth." Page 9, he is again opposed to
the whole " dynasty of associated wealth. Pftge
10, he speaks of a " potcerful combination of bodies,
artificial," &c. Again, the banks " combine against
the Administration." And again, he tells of "com-
bined encroachments." And, page 11, "incorpo-
rated wealth never cloys." Mr. Chairman, we all
understand for what purpose these changes are
rung. I am inclined to think, sir, that the people
of this country understand that it is an attempt to
enlist their prejudices rather than their judgments.
And further, sir, I think the gentleman underrates
their common sense, by supposing that he cap,,by
this ruse, prevent them from examining^ into the
causes of their present troubles. The génrteman
says that there h«™ been over-issues by the bafiks;
