rsí
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1840.
H. ot Reps.
26th Cons....1st Sess.
appropriation Sill—Mr Proffit.
over-trading bv the people, &c. I, sir, have not
time to investigate this matter closely, but it has
been examined repeatedly, both in this and the last
Consrress, and proved beyond the possibility of a
doubt, that the destruction of the Bank of the United
States, and the after policy of the Administration,
caused those over-issues of which the gentleman
complains. The very state of things now existing,
was predicted bv the Opposition previous to its de-
struction. We were told, sir, by the friends of the
then existing Administration, that the State corpo-
rations would furnish a better currency •, that money
would be more plentiful, and that money was to be
all gold or silver—no bank paper. But no sooner
was the bill rechartenng uie Bank ol the United
States vetoed, and the deposites removed from its
care, than we had message after message lauding
the State banks. In 1834, the President proclaimed
to Congress that "the State banks are found fully
adequate to the performance of all seajrices which
were required of the Bank of the United States,
Suite as promptly, and with the same cheapness "
n 1835, the President in his message again assures
Congress that the State banks continued to reajize
every expectation entertained of their capacity to
serve the purposes of Government. In 1836, the
President again told Congress that the State banks
still performed all the duties required of them
Every Administration paper in the Union echoed
their praise. The Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Taney, urged upon the several deposite banks to
increase their discounts, and gave as a reason, that
"the deposite* of the public money will enable you to
afford increased facilities " Banks were selected
as public depositories, merely on account of the
party bias ot those who controlled their affairs, as
will appear by the published correspondence of
certain institutions in New York, and other parts
of the Union According to the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury, they did extend
their issues and speculation—unprecedented ex-
pansion became the result. Then came the specie
circular, and the very crisis which the Opposi-
tion had always predicted, fell with appalling torce
upon us; and ever since that time the country, like
a drunken man, has been reeling to and fro under
the influence of the noxious draught administered
by the political empirics of that day. This, sir, is
a brier sketch of the causes of the over issues to
which are attributed the present embarrassments
of the country. Bat, sir, if mismanagement of
banks, and over-issues, are to be alluded to in a
party point of view, I would turn the attention of
the gentleman to those States where the Adminis-
tration party had the control I will instance Mis-
sissippi, Alabama, &c. Those States, sir, are edi-
fying specimens of Administration financiering.
It is useless, sir, to attempt to satisfy the people any
longer with fine spun theories, or specious promi-
ses. It is in ram to ask them to submit to any more
experiments. They are determined to have a
change in the Administration They can recollect
that but a few years since they had a sound curren-
cy, good markets, and constant employment for
their industry. They know that there has been
mismanagement somewhere. Their present condi-
tion cannot be rendered more distressing. Any
change must be for the better, and therefore a
change they will have. This, sir, is the language
of common sense, as now coming from the mass of
the people.
But, sir, I perceive that the Administration party
here affect to sneer, as usual, at the assertion made
by myself and others, that general distress pervades
the country. I know, sir, that gentlemen have
said that it is but imaginary. One gentleman,
(Mr. Duncan,) in his speech, has told us that, if
the people are embarrassed, he would advise them
" to take off their coats, and go to work." This
language, sir, may siut an Administration rolling
in wealth and splendor. It may come with fitting
grace from the supporters of men who are receiv-
ing large salaries in gold and silver, and actually
frofiting by the derangement of the currency. But
tell you, sir, that the people will know how to ap-
preciate and to answer such unfeeling, heartless,
cold-blooded, and insolent language. They have
had their coats off, they have labored, they have
vainly used every effort to obtain the due reward
of that labor; and now the products of the agricul-
tural community are still remaining unsold, or, if
disposed of, it has been at a ruinous sacrifice. And
even now the fanner is sowing and planting with-
out hope of remuneration. He knows not whether
the sweat-drops of a long summer's labor will avail
him aught. In the present derangement of all busi-
ness operations, the calculations even of the most
sagacious fail; and yet gentlemen, as an answer to
the every day's experience of these truths, return,
the old answer, that the Administration is not re-
sponsible, and attribute it all to the banks. Sir, the'
Administration is responsible It is its exploded
and exploding experiments which have occasioned
this state of things. Its tompernigs, its reckless
disregard for every interest, its determination to
sustain itself m power at every hazard, us execra-
ble attempts to check the enterprise, and assimilate
the condition of the American people to that of the
monarchies of Europe. Sir, one week's derange-
ment of the active industry of this country is a
greater loss to the country than if you were to
throw the whole capital of the Bank of the United
States into the Delaware. This, sir, is undenia-
ble, and yet we have had not only weeks, but years,
of constant derangement, and the consequences are
now hanging darkly as a pall upon the country.
But, sir, as the gentleman from Virginia is so
loud in his denunciation of the banks, and now
thinks that the public money ought by no means to
be placed in their, keeping, I will read a passage
from th* report of the majority of the Investigating
Committee,-of which the gentleman was a mem-
ber, and with which majority he acted. After
stating that the loss fo the Government of large
sums of money might have been avoided by depbs-#
ltingin the banks, on special deposite, and citing'
the Bank of America and the Manhattan Bank as
having been used as depositories after they suspend-
ed specie payments, the committee, on page 72, safy
"It is, then, apparent that, had the depositing
system of banks been continued, Mr Swartwout
could not have had money beyond the collections
of a single week, exceeding the current expenses
of his office, to have retained on going oat of office.
and the evidence of his not having diverted any
previous to that time, and that all previous collec-
tions*were in bank, would have been regularly de-
rived from the banks, as well as in Mr. Swartwout's
official returns."
I shall have occasion, sir, to refer to this report
again; but, in the meantime, I must remark that,
the gentleman's opinions have certainly undergone
a great change since the last session of Congress.
It is useless for the gentleman to give asan excuse,
that the banks have now suspended; for the report
finds fault because the deposites were not made,
even after they had suspended.
But, sir, it is not my purpose to defend the banks.
I am in nowise identified with them; but the gen-
tleman having thought fit to accuse the Opposition
oí shifting ground, and acting inconsistently, I deem
it my duty to deny the assertion, to investigate his
course, and to ascertain whether he is not liable to
the very charge he has so unreservedly made against
us.
I would, Mr. Chairman, call the attention of the
committee to the systematic deception which is now
practising upon the people of the United Slates, on
the subject of the promised reforms in the curren-
cy. The Administration leaders have now at least
some half a dozen various schemes on which they
are attempting to coin political capital The Sen-
ator from Missouri (Mr. Benton) is opposed to the
issuing of any bank paper in bills under the denom-
ination of one hundred dollars. The Senator from
South Carolina (Mr. Calhoun) is out against all
bank paper, and must have nothing but gold and
sil'er. A Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. Bu-
chanan) says that he is in favor of a mixed curren-
cy, but asks the Legislatures of the States to confer
power on Congress to prohibit the issue of any notes
under twenty dollars. Another Administration par-
tisan in this House (Mr. Montgomery) proposes to
issue ten dollar Treasury notes as currency, and this
without one smgle dollar of specie basis. Look
also, sir, at the action of the Legislatures under Ad-
ministration control—Pennsylvania, for instance.
The Legislature meets, (the Van Bur en party hav-
ing a large majority,) breathing vengeance against
the banks; nothing will appease their wrath but
immediate resumption or instant destruction. They
meet, wrangle, scold, vow that banks are nuisances,
and bank paper worthless rags; and terminate the
session by borrowing some millions of bank paper,
and allowing the banks their own time to resume
specie payment. They then go home and hold
" indignation meetings," and denounce one another
as having acted traitorously to the party. And
when, sir, I, as a stranger to Pennsylvania tactics,
have asked some explanation of these seeming in- ,
consistencies, I have been told, Oh, never mmd us
we -will arrange it all; we understand the people of
Pennsylvania.
I will now take notice of the complaint made by
the gentleman that the Opposition deal unfairly
with the Administration, in giving to the public par-
tial ewracts from official documents. This charge
sir, is unfounded; is unsupported by any proof, and
I defy any gentleman to make good the accusation
I deprecate as much as any gentleman can, any
such unfairness", and I consider any man who
would knowingly mislead the public mmd, a fit ob-
ject of scorn and contempt. I will read, sir, the
document which has given the Administration par-
ty so much uneasiness.
{OFFICIAL )-PUBLIC feXPENIMTURE FROM 1824 TO
1838.
Letter fromtke Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting a statement of expenditure, exclusive of the
public debt, for each year, from 1824 to 1838.
(June 28,1838.—Read, and laid upon the table.)
,   Treasury Department, June 27,1838.
Sir   In obedience to the resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 25th instant, I have the
honor to " lay before the House a statement show-
ing the amount of expenditure, exclusive of the pub-
lic, debt, for each year, from 1824 to 1838 "
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury
Hon. J. K. Polk,
'Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Statement showing the amount of expenditures of the
United Slates, exclusive of the public debt, for each
•year, from 1884 to 1837, inclusive, stated mpursu-
• anee of a resolution of the House of Representatives
of the 25ÍÁ June, 1838.
For the year 1824   -          -           - $15,330,144 71
Do         1825   -          -           -   11,490,459 94
Do         1826   -          -           -   13,062,316 27
Do         1827   -          -          -   12.653,096 65
Do         1828   -          -           -   12,396,041 45
Do         1829   -          -          -   12,660,460 62
Do         1830   -          -           -   13,229,533 33
Do         1831   -          -           - .13,864,067 90
Do        ,1832   -          -          -   16,516,388 77
Do         1833   -          -           -   22,713,755 11
Do         1834   -          -           -   18,425,417 25
Do         1835   -          -           -   17,514,950 28
Do         1836   -          -          -   30,868,164 04
Do         1837   -          -          -  39,164,745 37
\   Note.—The foregoing sums include paymentsfor
trust funds and indemnities, which, in 1837, was
$5,610,404 36.
T. L. SMITH, Registei
Treasury Department,
Register's Office, June 27, 1838.
Is there a gentleman on this floor who will rise
in his place and say that this is not a full and com-
plete document, as sent to Congress by the Secreta-
ry of th e Treasury ' Is there a word or figure miss-
ing' Is there a syllable added1 No, sir; it is the
whole of an official report. What does it proveí
That the expenditures of this Government, despite
all the professions of economy, despite all the
promises of retrenchment, have increased from
§15,330,144 71 in 1824, to $39,164,745 37 m 1837,
nearly threefold; and when, sir, we present this
document to the people and ask their judgment up-
on it, the Administration party complain of unfair-
ness.
The gentleman from Virginia, with much inge-
nuity, attempts to evade this plain demonstration of
facts and figures, by explaining the causes which
have led to this vast increase of the expenditures
by the Administration. This, sir, he has a perfect
right to do; and I, sir, have also a right to answer
his explanations, and to show ¿hat, notwithstanding
his ingenuity and tact at mystifying this subject,
this Administration is responsible—justly censura-
ble—for permitting and countenancing waste, ex-
travagance, and peculation.
Amongst other things, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia quotes the Florida war as an item of " extra-
ordinary expenses," and says that many of the Op-
position voted supplies I have not examined the
journal, neither shall I; for I consider it as quite
immaterial who and what party voted for or against
the appropriations.   It is enough for me to know
