f
I April,
1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLORE.
fss
26th Cono.......1st Skss.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Proffit.
H. of Reps.
that a war with the Indians existed in Florida, and
that the Government made estimates,"and demand-
ed supplies. They were granted; and the Admin-
istration is responsible for the manner of the ex-
penditure. Bat, sir, this is another instance of the
fairness with which the Opposition are treated. If
they vote supplies, they are accused of extrava-
gance, and the President protests that he is not re-
sponsible. Had they refused to rote the money de-
manded by the Government, a want of patriotism
would have been ascribed to them, and they would
have been branded as enemies of the country. But,
Mr. Chairman, I will proceed to prove that the
money appropriated by Congress for the prosecu-
tion of this war has been most shamefully wasted;
and I vrill cite a few instances of the lavish extrav-
agance which I charge upon the Administration.
In Senate document, 2d session 25th Congress, vol.
3,1 find " a statement of contracts for fuel, trans-
portation, Ac, for the Quartermaster's department
for 1837," and signed " T. Cross, Acting Quarter-
master General." Here, sir, T find, in part, how
the thirty millions have befa expended in Florida.
I will give the committee a few items of steamboat
contracts for 1837;
For charter of steamboat Watchman, $450 per day,
or #164,250 per annum.
For charter of steamboat Mobile, #465 per day, or
$169,725 per annum.
For charter of steamboat Anna Calhoun and two
barges, $40fXper day, or $146,000 per annum.
For charter of steamboat Henry Cromwell, $300
per day, or $109,500 per annum.
For charter of steamboat Hyperion, $300 per day,
or $109,500 per annum.
For charter of steamboat Leflore, $200 per day, or
$73,600 per annum.
For charter of steamboat Charleston, $3,750 per
month, or $45,000 per annum-.
For charter of steamboat Florida, $3,000 per month,
or $36,000 per annum.
For charter of steamboat John McLean, 94,000 per
month, or $48,000 per annum.
For charter of steamboat Camden, $4,000 per month,
or 148,000 per annum.
For charter of steamboat James Adams, $4,000 per
month, or 948,000 per annum.
For charter of steamboat Altamaha, $5,000 per
month, or $60,000 per annum.
For charter of steamboat ——--------, $3,500 per
month, or $40,000 per annum..
In short, sir, by this document it appears that
there were chartered, during the year 1837, thirty-
five steamboats, forty-three schooners, two sloops,
twenty-five brigs, six ships; making, in all, one hun-
dred and eleven vessels chartered, during the year
1837, for the prosecution of this Florida war—this
war, sir, which we, a nation of millions, have waged
for years with some 500 naked warriors. And, be-
sides the one hundred and eleven vessels charter-
ed, I find upwards of one hundred contracts, some
of them of a very large amount, for transportation
of troops, forage, arms, horses, &c, during that
year, for this war. Sir, the party in power is justly
chargeable with having involved the country in
this war unnecessarily, and then of having wasted
the money appropriated for its prosecution.
I will give also another charge from the same
document: " For transporting 100 cords of firewood
from New Orleans to Fort Brooke, East Florida,
and one assistant surgeon, $2,000." Here, sir, is
charged twenty dollars per cord for carrying fire-
wood from New Orleans, besides the original cost
and other expenses; and that, too, to a country
where, as I am assured by gentlemen well acquaint-
ed with the country, thousands of cords of wood
| could be cut in sight of the fort to which this wood
was sent. I am also informed that wood has often
been taken from Florida to New Orleans for sale;
tad I should not be surprised if this wood was ori-
ginally from Florida, and, after being shipped to
New Orleans and properly seasoned, was snipped
back again to afford a little patronage. These, sir,
are a few specimens of expenditure in the Florida
war for 1837. I could for hours read charges equal-
ly obnoxious to censure; and, sir, I have had a res-
olution on your table ever since the first resolution-
day of this session, asking the Secretary of War
, for a detailed account of the expenditures of the
war, and the friends of the Administration, by some
miserable subterfuge or quibbling point of order,
refuse to call for the statement. And yet, sir, this
is called a representative Government, and we as-
sume to be the Grand Inquest of the nation, and the
people are told that all officers, from the President
down, are" strictly accountable. Vet we cannot ask
how$30,00Q,000 of their money has been spent with-
out being told by gentlemen that the Opposition vo-
ted supplies for the war, and that these expenditures
are " extraordinary." Truly, sir, they are "extra-
ordinary ;" and therefore it is that I demand a full
and explicit statement as to their nature.
I am told, sir, that a steamboat was offered to the
Government for about $14,000, and, refusing to pur-
chase, they chartered her until they paid some
$72,000. I am told, sir, that plank in several in-
stances has cost *1 25 per foot, or $125 per hun-.
dred feet. Also, that firewood has cost $50 per
cord. Sir, it is the duty of the Administration par-
tí'- co give the people light on this subject, and to
relieve-themselves, if they can, from the charges
of waste-and peculation.
I believe the charges to be true, from what I have
seen of the documents now before me, and this is
but the account for one year. I should; amongst
other things, like to see what amount, has been ex-
pended for the "bloodhounds," which, as every per-
son now acknowledges, have turned out to be com-
mon curs, and not worth a shilling a head. I pre-
sume that this experiment, with the contingencies,
cost some thousands. 1 perceive, also, that one man
has been paid $7 50 per day, and subsistence, for
transporting forty bushels of corn, in sacks, from
one post to another in Wiskonsm. Flour has been
transported from one place to another until it cost
$50 per barrel, and then sold at one-fourth the cost
of transportation. In short, sir, did I not see these
things stated in official documents, I could not have
believed it possible that such gross mismanagement
existed: But I must leave this branch of expend-
iture, thus hastily glanced at, and pass to another.
The gentleman from Virginia, in his anxiety to
defend his new allies, quotes the expenses " of In-
dian emigration, and subsistence for Indians," as
an item of expenditure for which many of the
opposition voted, and the gentleman classes-it
under the head of "extraordinary expenses." I
shall not deny that many Opposition members did
vote for the estimates demanded by the Adminis-
tration for this branch of the public service. I think
they were quite justifiable in so doing. But, sir,
could any one of the Opposition have ever suppos-
ed that the money voted would have been so shame-
fully squandered, absolutely wasted, as the reports
of the officers in that department prove it to have
been 1 I will cite one or two instances, out of the
many I could enumerate, to prove the unjustifiable
and "criminal abuses which have been practised on
this subject.
Document No. 127, of 3d session of 25th Con-
gress, is a letter of Mr. Poinsett, Secretary of War.
In that document I find a communication from the
Commissary General of Subsistence, addressed to
Mr. Poinsett, and I there perceive that the Govern-
ment, after purchasing unnecessarily a vast amount
of provisions, &c, " for the army, sent it to the
Cherokee country," and, having no use for it, or-
dered it to be sold, and I will quote an extract from
that communication:
" The supplies sold consisted of 50 barrels of
pork, 2.645 barrels flour, 821 barrels hard bread,
272i bushels beans, 161 bushels cornmeal, 169
bushels corn, 506 bushels salt, 75,027 pounds sugar,
41,297 pounds coffee, 5,438 pounds rice, 531,020
pounds bacon, 28,181 pounds soap, 14,110 pounds
candles, 371 gallons whiskey, 5,145 gallons vine-
gar, and all the issuing apparatus, such as scales,
weights, and measures, used while the volunteer
troops were in service. These articles produced
the net sum of $52,117 90."
This, sir, is the "official account." Does any
gentleman here deny it 1 Is there any one of the
Administration party who wishes to give an expla-
nation 1 If so, I will give way. Not one, sir.
Then, let none of the Administration papers
throughout the Union dare to deny this statement.
And what do I prove by this, Mr. Chairman'?
That this vast amount of supplies, " collected unne-
cessarily," cost, as will appear by the aceounts-of
the department, upwards of two hundred and sixty
thousand dollars, including transportation, com-
missions, buildings erected for their preservation,
&c, and were sold by this all-wise and competent
Administration for less than. one-Jifth of cost. This,
sir, is the manner in which the money of the peo-
ple is wasted. I will ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia if it was possible for any honest man to anti-
cipate such unjustifiable squanderings of the public
money?   It seems, sir, that the 98,181 pounds of
soap were not needed by the army. It ought never
to have been sold, sir. It should have been ship-
ped to Was-hingteii, and would have served as a
lraction of the quantity requisite to cleanse this
foul Administration. But, sir, I will give you ano-
ther item of sales of stores, &c, purchased unneces-
sarily, and sold at auction in the Cherokee coun-
try, in 1838, and embraced in this same communi-
cation. I find, sir, that corn, which cost the Gov-
ernment at least one dollar and a half, and ip. many
instances two dollars, per bushel, and accumulated
unnecessarily in vast quantities, was sold by this
economical Administration as follows :
8,381 bushels corn, at ll\ cents per bushel
5,275          do.        at llf                 do.
4.990J        do.        at 10i                 do.
400 bushels corn, at   3}                 do
4.239J         do.       at 13f                 dq.
This, sir, i| a specimen of the prices at which
this article was sold, and thousands of dollars
thrown away in this one article of corn alone. And
this, sir, is-only a fraction of the quantity sold. I
find, further, sir, that oats, purchased at double the
usual cost, were sold at 3| cents per bushel. "Shis
corn and oats were not damaged; for the report
states them to. have been sound, and the damaged
corn sold separately. I could proceed, sir, to enu-
merate hundreds of cases of .the same nature, but
time will not permit. I will close by giving an ex-
tract from a letter of the Creek agent at Fort Gib-
son, addressed to the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, complaining of the action of the Administra-
tion, in forwarding such immense quantities of
supplies unnecessarily to that post, and which also
had to be sold at an immense sacrifice :
" But, whatever be the apology of the measure
in question, whether it be ignorance of the re-
sources of the country, distrust of the capability of
the officers charged with the subsistence of the
Indians, or a dread of a failure of their efforts in
that respect, one thing is demonstrably true, that
the great loss which is now inevitably consequent
upon the measure, might have been avoided had time-
ly directions been given to dispose of this extraordi-
nary supply of provision as soon as it was ascertain-
ed not to be needed."
He again says:
" Instead of this, cargo after cargo continued to
arrive as the necessity decreased."
Again, sir, the same agent says:
" I repeat, sir, fearless of contradiction, had the
agents here been instructed, in t.he first instance, as
agents of the Government ought to have been,
where its interest was concerned, the public would
not have sustained the loss of a single dollar; the
provision purchased in New Orleans would have
been sold, and not transported here, as has been
the case, at an enormous expense, where it was not
needed, and at an additionlal expense of several
thousands to erect suitable buildings to cover it
from the weather."
This gentleman, sir, for his plain speaking to the
Government officers, was treated with official in-
solence, and immediately resigned his station. A
mean, obsequious, fawning sycophant would have
been cherished and patronised by them. Here, sir,
is another instance of hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars squandered. Who could have dreamed of such
"blundering policy 1" And yet the gentleman from
Virginia says the Opposition voted for "Indian
subsistence," &c; and he is loud in praise of
an Administration which is thus, by its own official
documents, convicted of incompetency, waste, and
extravagance, and, it may be, something worse. I
believe, sir, that all these unnecessary purchases
were made to give profitable contracts to favorites.
We have been told, sir, that the public buildings
are another source of " extraordinary" expense. I
will, sir, for a moment refer to this matter, and in
that moment convince the committee that another
high handed and unjustifiable act of this Adminis-
tration has cost the people, unnecessarily, three
hundred thousand dollars. I refer to the post office
building. The Committee on Public Buildings of
the House of Representatives, in order to ascertain
the actual cost of the building proposed to be erect-
ed, made a demand for a detailed estimate of the
cost of a split granite building. It was furnished:
and amounted to two hundred and eighty thousand
dollars. But, sir, no sooner had Congress adjourn-
ed, than the President ordered the erection of a
marble building—a perfect palace, which is now
estimated, even by Administration gentlemen, to
costra; humdred thmsand dollars,   JLnis, sir, win
