744
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S6th Cono*••• 1st Srss.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Proffit.
April, 1S4Q.   Í
H. of Reps.
explain to gentlemen why this branch of expendi-
ture is termed " extraordinary." But, sir, there is
another matter connected with this subject, and
which is admitted even here by the friends of the
Administration. After the money appropriated by
Congress had been expended, fearing that at its
next meeting it might arrest the work, or demand
an explanation of this enormously increased ex-
penditure, the Executive actually allowed the work
to progress on credit to the amount of $65,000, and
the laborers on the building, instead of receiving
their pay regularly, were given checks or memo-
randa of the amount due them; and nowrsir, we
are called upon to vote money; and our sympathies
are appealed to to pay the laborers. They shall be
paid, sir; but I would demand to know by what
authority of law was this work persevered in after
the appropriation was expended"? How dare the
President and his coadjutors anticipate the action
of Congress 1 How dare tbey usurp the power
which legitimately belongs to the Representatives
of the people 1 But, sir, my questions are answer-
ed by every (day's experience. They dare do any
thing. They dare violate all law; scoff at all pre-
cedent ; commit any and every act, however un-
justifiable and unlawful, and a drilled party ma-
jority -wül support and countenance their iniqui-
ties.
I could refer, also, to the Treasury building as
another instance of the wasteful expenditure of
public money. I could give repeated instances, in
which money appropriated by Congress for one ob-
ject has been transferred to another, without any
authority of law; and when these exposures are
made, the party acknowledge that investigation
ought to be had, but that it is not convenient to
make it at this particular time.
I will mention, Mr. Chairman, one other item of
expenditure. Congress ordered a survey of the
mouth of the Mississippi, and made an appropria-
tion for improving the channel at the Balize. And
how do you suppose, sir, that the money has been
expended 1 One steamboat, one dredgeboat. and
four schooners have been built or purchased, and
fitted up in the most tasteful style. 1 find, sir, that
there is charged for furniture in one of them, a ma-
hogany sideboard, two splendid card tables, merino
curtains, fine cane seated settees, and other furni-
ture to suit, eight patent lever watches, one clirono-
vteter, costing ©280, silver ware, and numerous
other articles of the same description. All this, sir,
is for common mudboats. And after expending two
hundred and ninety-one thousand dolían:, the work
is abandoned; and the mouth of the river is now in
a worse condition than before the work was com-
menced. This,sir, is the expenditure at the mouth
of the river. I know not how many snagboats and
mudboats have been employed on Red river or
other rivers, or whether they are fitted out in the
same style. But I do know, that when we ask a
small appropriation on the Cumberland road, we
are told by the Administration that there is no mo-
ney in the Treasury; and that they are disposed to
think that work unconstitutional.
There is another title, Mr. Chairman, under
which the money of the people is squandered, if not
actually purloined. It is under the head of " con-
tingencies;" and the bill now before us gives a
■mall specimen of the amount thus charged. In it
alone, there is appropriated, under the title of con-
tingencies, one hundred and twenty-seven thou-
sand two hundred and thirty-five dollars, besides
sixty-seven thousand dollars for miscellaneous,
making together one hundred and ninety-foar thou-
sand two hundred and thiny-five dollars. And
when, sir, we ask how this large sum is expended,
we are told that it is quite impossible now to give a
detailed statement; but that, no doubt, it will be
honestly accounted for. And if any of us insist on
receiving the information, we are accused of wast-
ing the time of the House, and of being altogether
too inquisitive. Next year, sir, we shall have these
sums accounted for m a bill for washing towels,
horse hire, &c.
But, sir, it strikes me that gentlemen, in their
2eal to defend the Administration, in more than
one instance forget that " there is but one step from
the sublime to the ridiculous." They talk quite
feelingly indignant of the unfairness shown to the
Administration in .this matter of expenditure, and
call it "crying injustice," and say that a large item
is the three per cent, fund paid to the Slates. Now,
sir, this is rather an amusing defence. Has not
the three per cent, fund been paid to the States un-
der every Administration 1   Is it not paid only in
proportion to the amount of sales of the public lands
within the different Slates 1 Is it not guarantied to
the States by the compact under which they became
members of the Union'? And have they not re-
ceived it from the first day of their admission as
States'? Really, Mr. Chairman, these apologies
are rather too shallow to deserve serious notiee.
But, sir, after all, the friends of the Administration
axe somewhat excusable for these attempts at sub-
terfuge and evasion. They are sorely pressed by
many searching inquiries. The stern gaze of the
people is at last directed to their action, and they
are compelled to avail themselvoof any and every
excuse, no matter how pitiable and unxujsfactory.
Sir, (said Mr. P.,) I have touched these ¿afferent
branches of expenditure but slightly; and I le&ve^
it with gentlemen better qualified to particularize
abuses and unjustifiable expenditures. I will leave
the subject by saying that, although the expendi-
tures have increased nearly three-fold, I should not
so loudly complain had the money been properly
expended. But, sir, it has been wasted. Our forti-
fications were never in a worse condition. We
have scarcely a ship of war fit for sea. When the
frigate United Slates received some damage enter-
ing the port of New York, and was condemned as
unseaworthy after an expenditure of some seventy
thousand dollars, there was not a ship ready to re-
ceive her crew; and month  passed before one could
be fitted out to take the place of the condemned
frigate. We have not a single steamship of war
which deserves the name; I beg pardon, sir, I be-
lieve there is one—the " Poinsett"—they call her a
steam-frigate; she is nothing but a miserable old
scow. If I am rightly informed, she used to be
employed somewhere about New York as a ferry-
boat; was purchased at an enormous price by the
Administration, fitted up, and has cost near one
hundred thousand dollars. I am told that it took
all hands (when serving in the Florida waters)
two weeks to- cut wood enough to run her three
days. She is now lying at Norfolk, the perfect
laughingstock of every sailor; but she is reported
to Congress as a steam-frigate. Really, sir, it is a
libel upon the name. In short, sir, the money voted
by Congress within a few years past, for harbors,
for light-houses, for breakwaters, for clearing out
of rivers, has nearly all been wasted, foolishly thrown
away, by the mismanagement and extravagance of
the Administration. The searching question of
the people is, " Where is our money 1" The laco-
nic answer is, Millions have been stolen; millions
squandered; millions unaccounted for.
But the gentleman from Virginia, not content
with glorifying the Administration, has thought it
necessary to charge us with making unprovoked
attacks upon the President and his friends, and, in
a tone of triumph, has defied us to prove any act of
malfeasance or misfeasance. Sir, I meet the chal-
lenge, and I will prove, from under the gentleman's
own signature, charges made by him against the
present Administration sufficient to blast the fair
fame of any party. I shall refer, sir, to report No.
313 of House of Representatives, commonly called
the report of the Investigating Committee on the
defalcation of Swartwout and others. The gentle-
man from Virginia was a member of that commi
tee, and although he did not sign the report with
the majority, he made a special report to which he
affixed his signature. I, sir, shall not at this time
enter into an examination of the merits of the doc-
ument. It is enough for me to know that the gen-
tleman's name is signed to it. The following is
the special report of the gentleman, and as he com-
plains that it is unfair to give extracts, I will give it
entire:
"Mr. Hopkins's special concurrence in the report of
the committee, appended thereto by vote of the cum'
miltee.
" I have not had the requisite time for scrutiniz-
ing the report of the committee with that care and
attention which its length and importance deserve,
and which I could have desired; and I should have
preferred, for this reason, to have presented the
journal of the committee, without comment, to the
House of Representatives. But, as conflicting
opinions prevail in the committee, and are to be
submitted to the country in the shape of formal re-
ports,.! consider it my duty to say that I concur
with the committee in all the conclusions at which
they have arrived, so far as tho?e conclusions apply
to the extent and character of the defalcations of
Samuel Swartwout and William M. Price.
"I should be faithless to my duty, and do violence
to the- most conscientious convictions of my judg-
ment, if I did not also declare my entire concur-
rence in those' conclusions of the committee which
relate to the conduct of the late naval officer of the
custom-house at New Yoik; to the late and present
Solicitor oí the Treasury; to the Secretary and ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department, in-
eluding the late Comptroller of that Department;
and, in that part of the report which reviews the
conduct of J. Hoyt, the present collector of the cus-
toms at the port of New York.
G. W. HOPKINS,
Member of the committee."
Now, Mr. Chairman, we find by this report that
the gentleman concurs fully in the censure of the
committee, passed upon the Secretary of the Trea-
sury; and, that there may be no doubt on the sub-
ject, I will read what is said by the committee—
" THe~«ommitteewill forbear to recapitulate here
the extraoririnary submissiveness and want of en-
ergy that are lJiktayed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in his tóWance, without known com-
plaint made to the Executive, of the retention and
use of the public money collected by the present
collector at New York for duties on imports «gainst
and under the protests of merchants."
Again, sir, upon the same page, the committee
further say:
" It is believed to constitute an imbecility of ad-
ministration on the part of the Secretary that calls
for immediate correction, whether regard be had to
the honor of the Government or to the security of
the public money."
And further, sir, the report says:
" The negligence and failure of the Secretary of
the Treasury to discharge his duty as the liead of
the Treasury Department, charged by law with the
superintendence of the collection of the revenue,
and his want of a correct appreciation of the be-
forenamed records in the superintendence of the
collection of the public revenues, and the conse-
quent neglect to continue and complete them, are
justly regarded as a primary cause of the escape
from detection,for so long a period, of the immense
defalcations of the late collector at the port of New
York."
Here, sir, is a direct assertion made by the gen-
tleman himself, that the Secretary of the Treasury
has manifested "extraordinary submissiveness"
and " want of energy;" that he has been guilty of
"imbecility of administration;" and that such con-
duct requires " immediate correction;" and further,
sir, that the'Secretary, by his " negligence and fail-
ure to discharge his duty," is directly responsible
for the immense defalcation of Swartwout, amount-
ing to one million and a quarter of dollars.
Sir, where is this " imbecile Secretary?" Has
he been dismissed by the Executive'? Has even an
inquiry been made by this House into these grave
charges preferred by the committee'? No, sir! no!
The same negligent, imbecile, criminal Secretary
still presides over the Treasury Department. In-
stead of having been discarded, as the gentleman
said he should be, he is the pampered pet of the
Executive, and the gentleman from Virginia is nene
as loud in his praise as he was in his denunciation;
and he has the assurance to lecture the Opposition
for complaining of this gross outrage perpetrated
on the character and honor of the Government
which he himself assisted in exposing.
But, sir, the committee may check the expres-
sion of astonishment which at this time seems so
sensibly to pervade it. I have but commenced
with the gentleman's consistency.
On page 41 of the report I find the following
charges made by the gentleman against the late
naval officer of the custom-house, New York,
(Enos T. Throop:)
" From the preceding testimony the committee
report as established facts:
" 1. That the late naval officer at the port of
New York, throughout the term of his service,
from 1829 to 1838, wholly disregarded the require-
ments of the law prescribing the duties of his of-
fice.
" 2. That said naval officer, for the same period,
wholly disregarded the instructions of the Comp-
troller of the Treasury, of November 10, 1821.
"3. That said naval officer, by so disregard-
ing the requirements of law and the instructions of
the Treasury Department, culpably neglected 'J
keep the accounts and records appertaining K his
office, and thereby rendered the office nugatory as
a check upon the accounts of the collector.
