rsé
ÁPPfiNblX TO THÉ CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
July, 184Ó.
26-rn Cowo«« 1st Skss.
District Banks—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
declaring any dividend whilst in a state of suspen-
sion, should that again \>ccur before the 4th day ef
July next.
Under all these restrictions, I confess I cannot
feel the force of any argument against this bill,
founded upon the principle that these terms are too
favorable to the bank?. I can never ret use to vote
in favor of (his measure on aay such principle.
As a practical man, I can have no difficulty in
giving this bill my support. We are now legislat-
ing for a sm  i district of ten miles square, carved
out of Maryland on ik« one side and VirgmU on
the other; and what is unfortunate, th« charters or
all its six banks have expired on the same day. In
what situation am I then placed? " I know nothing
of these banks; care nothing for them, except the
general good will which I bear to the people with
whom I have been long associated; and shall cer-
tainly never receive a favor from any one of them.
I believe, from the report of the committee in 1836,
that some of them have behaved badly. But, alter
all, I must be governed in my vote by the peculiar
circumstances of the case. Alexandria is a c ty
which exports largely, and where the farmers of
the valley of Virginia send their produce to market.
Georgetown is in a similar situation. As to the
city of Washington, I confess I can see no reason
why it should have a large banking capita'. Bat
here we are, acting as the local Legislature of this
small District; and is it right at once to deprive
these people of all banking privileges? I think not;
and I shall most cheerfully extend these privileges
to the existing banks one year longer. Now let us
suppose that the State of Marylasd, or the State of
New York, or any other State, were placed in a si-
milar situation. Suppose it had so occurred that
every bank charter in any State had expired at the
same moment. Would the Legislature of such a
State (no matter how hostile it might be to the bank-
ing system generally) determine that all there banks
should at ones be compelled to wind up their af-
fairs, no matter how prejudicial it might be to the
community? Even those who are hostile to all
banks, which 1 am net, ought to adopt no sudden
and violent course which might produce disastrous
consequences to the people, in accomplishing their
object. Two years age I was not in favor of ex-
tending these charter?. I should at that time have
greatly preferred the establishment of a new bank;
but as this was then deemed impracticable, on ac-
count of the suspension of specie payments, I
yielded to the necessity of the case, and voted for
the bill of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
tow,] because I regarded it as the less of two evils.
It is now admitted by all, that daring the short re-
mainder of the present session, we cannot establish
new banks, and I am willing to adopt a similar
course for the very same reason by which I was
actuated on that occasion. I am not prepared to
say to the merchants of Alexandria and George-
town, who have been in the habit of purchasing
flour, corn, and tobacco, from the surrounding
country, we will^cutyou off at once from bank
accommodations, and you shall not have your
usual loans for making these purchases. Now, if
I could have regulated this matter for myself,
without the interference of the bank?, I should have
extended these charters for a year; and without
sanctioning the suspension of specie payments, I
should have prohibited them, whilst in a state of
suspension, from paying out any except their own
notes, and from making dividend ; and I should
have afforded to every note holder, who desired to
recover specie, with the twelve per cent, interest
to which they are subject, the most prompt and ef-
ficacious remedy to enforce his claim. Whilst I
should have been willing to adopt this course, I
could never have voted for the amendment of the
(senator from Maryland [Mr. Merrick] sanction-
ing their suspension of specie payments (or so
long a period as until the 15h January nex', or
until the banks of Baltimore and Richmond might
think proper to resume. But the District banks
have made the law for themselves. Several of
them have declared both their ability and their
willingness to resume specie payments immediate-
ly; nay, tome of them have actually resumed; and
thus, by their own conduct, they have prevented
me from voting for any extenrion of their charters
except upon the express condition that they shall
be specie paying banks. When they themselves
say they are ready and willing to resume, how can
any person expect me to answer: "You are neither
ready nor willing, and you must have tim? for
this purpose.'' I am forced to tgke them at their
word; and never shall incur the responsibility of
advocating a protracted suspension of specie pay-
ments against the solemn declaration of the banks
themselves.
I am, th;refore, prepared \o extend these char-
ters for oce year; not to benefit the banks, but for
the purpose of placing the people of thte District,
so rwc as I can, on sn equal footing wilh the peo-
ple of Virginia and Marj Ia dv by whom they are"
surrounded.
If you should not pass this bill, I shall venture
to predict that in less than a fortnight bank agen-
cies will be established in this District by suspend-
ed banks in Pniladelphia, Baltimore, and Rich-
mond, and you will thus be instrumental in esta-
blishing a much greater evil than that which you
are now desirous of preventing.
I have witnessed in the course of my legislative
career some strange things; but I confess I have
never been more astonished in my life than at the
course this bill has taken. It will be defeated by a
most marvellous union of hostile elements. Those
who, with my friend fiom Mississippi, [Mr.
Walker,], are friendly to an exclusive metallic
currency, will vote against it; and those who, I might
say, are in favor of an irredeemable paper cur-
rency, will also vote against it; and therefore it
must be rejected.
And why should any Senator who is not op-
posed to all banUs in all forres, vote against this
bill? It contains no compulsory feature, but leaves
the banks entirely free to exercise their own discre-
tion whether they will accept its terms or not, and
allows them sixty days to make this decision. If
they should not accept the terms proposed by the
bill, they will then remain in precisely the same
condition they are at present.
That all the banks in this District, with a single
exception, will accept these terms, I entertain not
a doubt; bat whether or not, I think we should pass
the bill, and impose the responsibility of rejecting
it upon them, instead of assuming it ourselves. I
was called out of my seat yesterday by a gentleman
who stated to me that the banks, or a majority of
them, were not only willing, but anxious to accrpt
the present bill, and desired me to state this fact to
the Senate. I informed him that I should make no
such statement founded merely on a private c< n-
versation; that the terms of this conversation might
be misapprehended by either of us at the present
time, or might be forgotten at a future day; and it
was, therefore, always dangerous to rely upon ver-
bal communications upon important subjects: that
if the banks really desired that this bill should pass,
and their wishes were made known to me ia a
written official form, it would afford me great plea
sure to make them known to the Senate. This
gentleman then left me, and in a short tine re-
turned and placed in my hands the written declara-
tion of three of the presidents of these banks, which
I shall now read. Thess declarations have been
written at the end of a printed copy of the bill it-
self, and are as follows:
The above bill is certainly better than none. Some of the
provisions are very harsh. I prefer this, however, to having
no bill.                                             W. A. BRADLEY,
President Patriotic Bank.
I concur in the above, preferring that the third section should
be stricken out, as unjust and injurious to stockholders. We at
this institution would decidedly prefer this bill to having none.
Bank of the Metropolis, 15th July, 1840.
JOHN P. VAN ÍTESS, President.
I concur in the view of the bill, as stated by Gen. Van Ness.
J. KURTZ,
President Farmers and Mechanics Bank of Georgetown.
Georgetown, July 15,1840.
In addition to these declarations, a letter from
Gsneral Van Ness was banded to me this morning
by a gentleman with whom I am not acquainted,
which I .shall also read. Here Mr. B. read the fol-
lowing letter:
Washington, July 16, 1840.
The Hon. James Buchanan:
Dbar Sir: Five of the presidents of the bank  of this Dis-
trict met this morning. Three of them agreed according to the
enclosed paper, signed by them. The other two expressly
pledged themselves not io oppose or object to the passage of tha |
bit!; and if itconldbeso amended as to strike out the third
section, it would then be satisfactory to them also.
With high consideration.
Your most obedient servant,
JOHN P. VAN NESS,
President of Bank of Metropolis.
A duplicate of the above, and of the within, have been sent
to Mr. Merrick.
The paper to which General Van Ness refers, is
one similar in its character to these which I have
already read from ihe three presidents of the banks;
and therefore I shall not trouble the Senate by
reading it.
Now, sir, the responsibility of accepting or re-
jecting the present bill, is to be removed from the
banks. They are not to be permitted to decide this
question for themselves; and for what reason? The
itor from Maryland [Mr. Merrick] has de-
claréoxw he will not permit these banks to com-
mence tbs>p*yment of specie, because this would
prove oppressiv  ¡0 the people of the District, and
"I will not," says b>> «g0 for it, even if the banks
want it."   I quote the Wry words of the Sena'or.
[Mr. Merrick here explainpd; but the Reporter
has taken no note of th? explanation, and cannot
furnish it from memory ]
Mr. B. resumed. I understood the Senator per-
fectly; and shall in a few moments speak of the
points to which he refers. But the facts are these,
and I wish that the attention of the Senate and the
country may be fixed upon them. There are three
of these banks willing to accept the bill as it now
stands; and two of the others, which have volun-
tarily pledged themselves not to oppose or object to
its passage, and have declared, that if the third sec-
tion could be stricken out, it would then be satis-
factory to them also; and, notwithstanding, the Se-
nator says: "I will not go for if, even although the
banks want it." I surely state his proposition fairly.
We have now reached a n*w point in this war
of the money power against the people. Hitherto,
unfortunately, my controversy has been with those
of my own political friend*, such as the Sena'or
from Mississippi, [Mr. Walkrr,] who are exclu-
sive hard money men; but the question now dis-
tinctly presented, and which no human ingenuity
can change, is between the advocates of a redeem-
ab'e and the advocates of an irredeemable bank
currency. This is the question, and the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. «MerrickT cannot escape
from it. On this subject he is so extravagant
that he refuses even to permit the banks to
judge for themselves whether they are now ab'e,
or shall be able within sixty days, to resuma specie
payments. It is the terrific idea of bank resump-
tion, under this bill, which has so alarmed the Se-
nator, that he opposes it, whether the banks them-
selves are willing to resume or not. He will not
consent to place this question at their own disposal.
We have truly reached a new crisis in this im-
portant contest. In every case heretofore, the.
banks have always urged an extension of the time
for resumption, and have always declared their in-
ability to resume at an earlier period than they
themselves had indicated; and, unfortunately, the
State Legislatures have generally yielded to such
suggestion . This is the first instance in ihe histo-
ry of the country where the banks have been will-
ing to accept an extension of their, charters upon
the condition of immediate resumption, and the le-
gislative body has interposed its veto to prevent the
banks from redeeming their obligations in gold and
silver. We say to them, in effect, "You are too
reckless in regard to your own interest and that of
the community, in undertaking to pay your honest
debts, and it is necessary that we should repress
your ardor. Such a course would prove so inju-
rious to the people of the District, that we shall
compel you at once to wind up your affairs alto-
gether; rather than grant you an extension of your
banking privileges on any such terms."
Suppose this question could be transferred to Ihs
Legislature of Maryland, what do you suppose
would be the result? One half of the banks in
Baltimore, and throughout that State, come for-
ward and offer to accept an extension of their char-
ters, on the express condition of immediate resump-
tion. They say, we are both able and willing to
p*y specie. Would any State Legislature in the
Union, under such circumstances, say to them, you
must not adopt this destructive measure? Although
