rsB
APPENDIX tO 1HÉ CONGRESSIONAL GtOfcE.
Feb. 1840.
26th CokO"««1st Sbss.
Assumption of Sla'e Debts—Mr. Smith of Indiana.
Senate.
community which requires a speedy resumption of
jpecie payments.
But the Senator from Maryland  says that it
would be a great hardship on these banks to  be
prohibited from paying out the irredeemable notes
of other banks.   But dees not the Senator perceive
that if they were permuted to do this, their resump-
tion of specie payments would be no more than a
mere empty name?   If they could trausact all their
business with the notes of non-specie paying banks,
they would withdraw their own notes entirely from
circulation, and leave the people of the District in
a worse position than they already occupy.   This
would be merrly a substitution of foreign irredeem-
able bank paper for the present paper currency of
the District banks.   If there must be an irredeem-
able currency in circulation, it is better, far better,
that it should consist of the notes of these banks,
with which the people are  familiar, and in which
they have  confidence, than   of foreign  paper.
Again, if any noteholder desires  to exercise the
right of compelling the tanks of the District to pay
specie for their notes, together with the twelve per
cent, interest to which the? are liable, he can do
this at home-, tut if he holds a foreign note, the ex-
pense aud trouble of a lawsuit with a distant bank
will always preveal him from thus enforcing his
rights.   One of the greatest evi's aUending the pre-
sent suspension of specie   payments is, that  the
banks generally, as a matter of policy, pay cut the
notes of fore gn banks instead of their own; and
thus bank notes are made to circulate every wheie
more extensively than at home.
But although this bill prevents the banks from
paying out any notes except their own and the
notes of other specie paying banks, it does not pro-
hibit them from receiving the no'es of suspended
banks in the payments of debs. This, in justice,
ihey ought to do, whenever these notes are offerei
in payment of loans wbich were made in irredeema-
ble paper; and this, in most instances, they would
be glad to do whenever notes of the solvent banks
of Baltimore er Richmond are offered in payment
of individual debts. But I am asked, what use
could the banks make of these totes, unless they
were permitted to pay them out at their counters?
I answer, they can send them home to Baltimore
or Richmond, deposite the amount to their credit,
and draw drafts upon it in payment of the debts
which they may now owe to foreign banks in a
state of suspension. If there be still a balance in
their favor, they can demand interest for it; and if
ihey do not think proper to enforce payment at pre-
sent, they will receive both the principal and the
interest upon the general resumption of specie
payments. The District banks can, I have no
doubt, get along very well for themselves under this
bill, whilst they will greatly benefit the commu-
nity.
But the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Dixon]
says, we might as well attempt to incorporate the
paupers of the District on the condiiion that tbey
should pay specie, as to pass the present bill. As
well attempt to incorporate the paupers as these
banks, who are now able to redeem their outstand-
ing notes, and have a considerable surplus left in
gold and silver! This is a wonderful proposition.
But he is also opposed to the bill becaure he be-
lieves that these banks will again suspend specie
payments within the year during which we propose
to prolong their existe: ce, and in that event be
thinks it wrong to deprive them of the power, as
this bill does, of declaring dividends. But is it un-
just to deprive banks of the power of dividing pro-
fits among their stockholders whilst they refuse to
pay their honest debts? No, sir: no. Under such
circumstances they ought to be compelled to hus-
band all their resources in order to bring about the
most speedy resumption. They ought first to be
just towards their creditors before they are permitted
to be generous towards themselves. The stock-
holders, who receive all the profits of banking,
ought to softer rather than those to whom they ho-
nestly owe money. The bare statement of the pro-
position is a sufficient answer to the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Now in regard to the great stumbling block
which appears to stand in the way of the two banks
jn Alexandria, pd prevents the  from yielding
their cordial assent to the" provisions of this bill—
what is it?   The third section of the bill tenders
the stockholders of all these banks individually re-
spomible, to the amount of their stock, for debts
hereafter contracted duriig the period they may
remain stockholders.   This, I am infermed, is al-
ready the law of South Carolina.   It ought to be
the law every where: and although I care nothing
for this provision in the present bill, wh ch is a
mere temporary measure to endure but for a single
year, yet m my own State, with my consent, no
new bank shall ever be incorporated without a simi-
lar provision.   What, sir, shall the stockholders,
who have enjoyed all the privileges and profits of
prosperous banking, be permitted to say to the poor
man who has been compelled to take their notes,
oar bank has been so badly managed that it has
now become insolvent, and we shall keep all we
have got, whilst you shall receive nothing?   This
individual responsibility of the stockholders to the
noteholders is one of the essential reforms required
in our banking system.   Its effect would in the end
prove as beneficial to the banks themselves as to
thecommunitv.   If the stockholders were respon-
sible, you would piobably never wi'ness another
suspension of  spece   payments.   It is they who
elect the directors and if responsible jndividually
for the noies issued, they would take cue that the
bank should be conducted in such a prudent man-
ner as to keep themselves out of danger.   Self-
interest would thus be interposed to secure the pub-
lic.   But what is the case now?   Every thing is
conducted at lnp-hazard.   The stockholder knows
that he can never be made individually liable for
the payment of the notes issued by the bank.   He
is therefore satisfied if he can get his eight or ten
per cent, per annum in dividends, with an occasion-
al contingent dividend of fifteen or twenty percent,
and he pays no attention te the management of the
institution.    Bat let self-interest bring the question
home to his own bosom, and he will be vigilant and
cautious, and his whole conduct will be changed.
Most certainly if a loss is to be incurred, it ought
to fa'l upon those who have a direct control over
the management of the bank and receive all its
profits, rather than upon the innocent individual
wholly disconnected from it, who has taken its
notes in the course of his honest business.
I might remark, in regard to this provision of the
bill, that in practice it would prove to be mere 6ru-
tum fulmen, wiih which the banks of Alexandria
ought not to be terrified. It is only the declaration
of a general principle which can never be carried
into execution without minute and carefully guard-
ed legislation, in which the present bill is singularly
defective. If this bill were not merely intended to
subserve a temporary purpose, it ought never to
pass without many amendments. It not only omits
essential provisions which ought to be inserted in
any new bank charter, but the salutary principles
which it asserts can never be carried into effective
execution under us present provisions. The late
honr of the session, and the hasty manner in which
it has been got up, and the very short period during
which it will exist, must be the justification for its
imperfections. It is certainly the only bill which
can now pass; and although I have manifested my
willingness to accord to the banks more liberal
term?, I have no doubt that every bank in the Dis-
trict, with perhaps a single exception, will gladly
embrace its provisions, before the end of sixty
days.   Why should we refuse them the option?
I need not now reiterate what I have over and
over again repeated on this floor, at successive ses-
sions, ever since the question first arose, tha't I am
opposed to an exclusive metallic currency, and that
I support the reform and not the destruction of the
banks. I desire to restrict them in such a manner
as to convert them into useful apents of the people,
instead of destroying them by their successive ex-
pansions, and contractions, and suspensions. I
cherish the hope that, ere long, the State of Penn-
sylvania, which owes much to her sister States for
the mischief she has done them by «chartering
the Bank of the United States, will set an example
worthy of their imitation, by controlling and re-
forming her banks in such a manner as te make
them blessings, instead of evils, to the whole coun-
try.
SPEECH OF Mr. SMITH,           ~
{  Op Indiana.
In Senate, February 19, 1840— On the Report and
Resolutions retalive to the assumption of State
Debts.     \     \
Mr. SMIT5H *aid: On the 3d day of March,
1829, Mr. President, the Administration immedi-
ately precedinguhe last terminated its legal and po-
litical existenceX On the next clay, in the presence
of many of us and of the assembled multitude, on
the east portico of the Capito!, President Jackson
delivered his inaugural address, and took upon him-
self the administration of public affairs. In that
address will be found this language: " As long as
our Government is administered for the good oí the
people, and is regulated by their will; as long as it
secures to us the rights oí person and properly, lib-
erty of conscience and of the press, it is worth de-
fending." Political truths worthy of all accepta-
tion, and should be remembered by every Ameri-
can citizen. They breathe the spirit of our insti-
tutions, of freedom, of liberty, and the rights of the
people, to every v\ ord of which Mr. S. heartily gave
his assent. At the meeting of the next session of
Congress, in the winter of 1829, after President
Jackson had had the season to cast his vigilant eve
over the country, to exannne the operations of the
policy that had preceded Ins administration since
the foundation ot the Government, and to ascertain
the condition of the country in its various interests,
in his annual Message he «ays:
" The public prosperity is evinced in the increas-
ing revenue arising from the sales of the public
lands, and in the steady maintenance of that pro-
duced by imposts and tonnage, notwithstanding the
additional dunes imposed by the act of 19th May,
1828, and the unusual importations in the early part
of that year."
This was the first official recognition, on the part
of the President, of the prosperity of that country
which he had received at the surrender of the pre-
vious Administration. It was made at a time when
he could look over the whole ground, and after he
had had full time to become well acquainted with
the matter. Previous to this period, it will be re-
membered that the whole pokey of the Government
had passed in review before the party thai had just
come into power; and what of evil and what of good
that had transpired in the policy of the Government
from its foundation was before the new Adminis-
tration, of which President Jackson was the chief,
and the only responsible exponent of its views. Nor
can it be presumed that lie would, under the cir-
cumstances, have conceded to Ins predecessors and
their policy the merit of ha\ ing left the nation m
a state of " public prosperity," unless such had been
the fact.
Mr. S. said he would rapidly glance over the pol-
icy of the nation previous to the administration of
President Jackson ; not for the purpose of entering
into an argument to sustain or deny the correctness
or incorrectness of the measures to which he should
refer—all that ground of contioversy had been
fully explored and discussed again and again, and
he should enter into no controversy about them
now; they had passed and gone by. He did not
propose to bring them back, except as facts that had
transpired, and were known to all. This Govern-
ment had, at a very early period, adopted a course
of policy that recognised a currency composed of
paper and metals, or what is denominated a mixed
currency, used by the Administration as well as the
people. The policy of sustaining national and in-
dividual credit was openly advocated and defended
from the earliest period of our national existence,
and was at all times recognised by all political par-
ties. The fiscal operations of the nation were car-
ried on in the same kind of currency, through the
instrumentality of a National Bank, for about forty
years of its existence, during all of which time,
while those operations were progressing, not a dol-
lar was ever lost to the Government through that
fiscal agent; nor did it cost the Government one
cent to collect and disburse her revenues in the dif-
ferent parts of the nation. On the contrary, she
received a large bonus for that privilege, and the
use of the deposites. The exchanges between the
different parts of the country were maintained at
from one-half to one per cent. The national debt
was reduced to a small amount, which, under the
operation of the sinking fund, was soon afterwards
extinguished. The ordinary expenses incident to
an administration in usual times were|about thir-
teen millions of dollars. Works df internal im-
provement, of a rational character, were sanctioni
