Ja . 1840.
APBENMX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'MS
26th Cong.......1st Skss.
abolition Fctitions—Mr. Garland of Va.
H. of Reps.
He had said at the outset that he viewed the whole
of these proceeding! as gratuitous and uncalled-for,
and he could, by no vote of his, give them any
sanction whatever. He should vote against the
whole of them, without intending to express any
opinion on their merits. He considered them as
well calculated to affect the credit of the States
abroad, where their resources were not properly
known; and he could see no necessity whatever
for any proceedings in the matter on the part of the
Senate. Senators say the character and credit of
the States cannot be injured, because the resolu-
tions merely assume that the General Government
will not be responsible for the State debts. But why
was it necessary to say any thing about it ? Why
not leave the matter as it stood, oetween the States
and their creditors 1 Would not the mere fact of
passing these resolutions show that the United
States had thought it necessary to apprize the
world of her resolves 1 What would be said of a
wealthy parent who should give notice that he
would not assume the debts of his son 1 Would it
not operate to destroy that son's credit with all the
world, notwithstanding he might be good, and the
parent might say sol Certainly such would be the
effect. Mr. S. said he hoped no political thoughts
had entered the head of the mover of this matter;
but still, such might be inferred from some facts in
the case. It wa<: known here that attempts were
making in the West to fasten the unpopularity of the
State debts upon one political party. This move-
ment took the popular side, it was no doubt pre-
sumed, of that question. A very large extra num-
ber of the report had been ordered to be printed by
the dominant party here, without even arousing
their economical sensibilities. Mr. S. trusted,
however, that very little political capital could be
made out of it, if" the subject was understood by the
people. It had been his object, in the remarks
which he had made, to place the responsibility of
the times on the right shoulders. He was not will-
ing to see the chaige of producing the present dis-
tresses thrown upon those who had no control over
the administration of public affairs, or to see that re-
sponsibility withdrawn from those who, for the last
ten years, have had the matter all in their own
way; that had put down the Bank of the Unjted
States, raised up the State banks, as they as natu-
rally sprung up from the times after the destruction
of the United States Bank as vegetation died from
the annual inundation of the Nile; that had in turn
destroyed the State banks, which they had been the
cause of creating, and, by their continual war upon
the currency, credit, and business of the country,
had brought a "prosperous and happy" people to
their present condition. The people bear the bur-
dens of the Government, and suffer from the effects
of its policy when injurious to their interests, and
the}' ought to know the truth.
SPEECH OP ÚR. GAÍÍLAND,
OF VIRGINIA,    /
In the Htmse of Representatives, Mnuo ry 21,1840.—
On the resolution of
Carolina, for tkc reject!
Mr. Gaulanv, of Vi
Speaker,! avow at the
this, as I avowed on a
the subject of domestic
United States, and upi
"hompson, of South
bolition petitions.
rose and said : Mr.
utgét'of my remarks upon
¡er occasion, that, upon
ivery as it exists in the
all those   questions of
"human rights' and the immutable principles of
"justice" referred to by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, (Mr. Slade,) as connected with it, I have no
remarks to make. I avow now, as I did then, that
1 never will debate before the House of Represen-
tatives of the United States a question oi"huvian
rights" involving the domestic institutions of the
State which I have, in part, the honor to represent;
not because I apprehend any unfavorable result to
the discussion, but because it is a subject over
which the Constitution has imparted no power
whatever to this Government—a subject entirely
local, and belonging to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the States. In this determination, I believe, I truly
Teflect the undivided sentiment of the State of Vir-
ginia, and the common sentiment of the whole
Sonthern people. They have but one sentiment
and one argument upon this'vital and deeply inter 
esting question; and that is, to resist to the utmost
extremity every invasion of their domestic institu-
tions or domestic rights, whensoever and by whom-
soever made*
The principles involved  in  this  debate, Mr.
Speaker, are of infinite importance, not only as
they affect the question of slavery in the District of
Columbia, but as they affect the life, liberty, and
properly of the people of the District. They involve
the question whether, over the people of this Dis-
trict, the powers of this Government are omnipotent
and without limitation, or whether they .are secu-
red against the tyranny and oppression of the Gov-
ernment by the same constitutional barriers which
protect and defend every other portion of the peo-
ple of the United States. In a word, sir, the ques-
tion is directly involved, whether the people of the
United States have, in this District, unwittingly and
incautiously erected an absolute and unqualified des
potism; for, sir, if the doctrines contended for so
ably by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr.
Biddlb) and the gentleman from Vermont (Mr.
Slade) be true, and Congress has power to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, then are the
people of the District without the pale of all con-
stitutional protection, and the subjects of an unqual-
ified, iron despotism; having no rights or no priv-
ileges but such as exist at the whim and caprice of
this body. If the people of the District of Columbia
cannot look for tliat protection of life, liberty, and
property, in the Constitution, which that instrument
affords to all the citizens of the United States
against the tyranny and oppression of this Govern-
ment, I should be greatly indebted to any gentle-
man to inform me where they can look for it 1
Where is their security 1 If their property in slaves
can be constitutionally invaded and destroyed, what
other right of property, or even of life or liberty, is
secured 1 None, sir, none whatever; and the Gov-
ernment may lord it over this people with perfect
impunity.
But, before I enter upon the discussion of the
. question whether petitions for " the abolition of sla-
very and the slave trade in the District of Columbia,"
as the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania
(Mr. Bikdlb,) and the ingenious gentleman from
Vermont, (Mr. Slade,) have attempted to prove
that this House cannot refuse to receive these peti-
tions without an invasion of that great popular
right— the right of petition—I propose briefly to
examine the nature of this right of petition, the ex-
tent to which the Constitution has secured it against
invasion, and what are the powers and duties of
Congress when petitions are presented ; for the pur-
pose of proving that the right of the people to peti-
tion is one thing, and the powers and duties of Con-
gress when petitions are presented, another. And
here I will remark, that, in the preservation of this
great right, this fundamental principle of liberty,
from every species of invasion, the slaveholdingare
as deeply interested as the non-slaveholding States;
and that whatever impairs its foree, or destroys its
efficacy, affects the people of the slaveholding as
much as those of the non-slaveholding States. I
am as much, therefore, from interest as from feel-
ing, opposed to any even the slightest innovation
upon this invaluable and inalienable right as any
member upon this floor; it is the common right of
the whole American people, and not of a section.
But, sir, the refusal to teceive these petitions is no
invasion, not even in the slightest degree, of the
right of petition ; and this is the proposition which
I now undertake to demonstrate.
What is meant, Mr. Speaker, by the right of pe-
tition 1 Is it a right which involves not only a de-
mand for a redress of grievances, but the power
also of controlling the action of the body to which
petitions are presented in their disposition ? If it be
thus omnipotent and unlimited, then, indeed, has
this House nothing to do but to receive petitions
and grant their prayers, however unfounded, ab-
surd, or ridiculous they may be. But, sir, this can-
not be so. I understand the right of petition simply
to mean the right of the citizen to petition the Gov-
ernment fof a redress of grievances, and the duty
of the Government to redress those grievances as
far as it may have power to do so, and the justice
and propriety of the demand may require. When
the citizen has assembled and presented his petition,
he has exercised his right, and then commencesthe
power and duty of the body petitioned. For an il-
lustration of this view, I call the particular atten-
tion of gentlemen to the clear and explicit lan-
guage of that article which secures, not confers,
this important right, and to which reference has
been so often made.   It reads thus:
" Congress shall make no law respecting an es-
tablishment of religion, or prohibiting the free ex-
ercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech,
U or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to
assemble, and to petition the Government for a, re-
dress of grievances."
It must be manifest, to the simplest comprehen-
sion, that this clause was only designed to protect
the people from any interference from Government
in peaceably assembling to petition for a redress of
grievances, and not to prescribe any rule by which
Congress should be governed in disposing of peti-
tions. In this clause of the Constitution there are
three great principles protected against any inva-
sion by the Government: the freedom of religious
opinion, oí speech, and of the press. In order to il-
lustrate my position, let us suppose any portion of
our citizens mad enough to assemble and petition
for the establishment of a particular religion, or to
suppress the freedom of speech or of the press; can
there be found, in this clause of the Constitution,
any imperious obligation on Congress to receive or
consider such petitions—petitions seeking to sub-
vert and destroy the fundamental principles of the
Constitution itself? Clearly not. And it would
have been madness in the frameis of the Constitu-
tion to have imposed such an obligation. Why
should the Constitution impose upon Congress the
obligation of receiving and considering petitions
seeking, to subvert its proudest and most salutary
principles'? I would feign believe that no gentle-
man here would advocate the reception of such
petitions, seeking, as they would, the action of this
House upon subjects closed to it, and wisely so, by
the Constitution itself. These considerations de-
monstrate, most conclusively, the fact that this
clause of the Constitution only does what it was in-
tended to do—prohibits the interference of this Gov-
ernment with the right of the people to make and
present their petitions, leaving Congress in posses-
sion of all its proper parliamentary powers, and to
the performance of all its proper duties upon its re-
sponsibility to the people,\who will guard this right
with becoming jealousy and caution.
But there is another illustration which will make
assurance doubly sure. The circumstances under
which laws are enacted f/equently afford the best
key to their interpretation. What were the cir-
cumstances under which this provision of the Con-
stitution was made 1 In view of the fact that, in
the monarchical Governments of Europe, the as-
sembling of the peonle to petition for a redress of
grievances was prevented by the infliction of severe
penalties; and that in England—that England
which then boasted of being the only free Govern-
ment on earth—assemblages, beyond twenty and
ten, were successively prohibited by law. The
framers of the Constitution, appreciating tiie great
value, of this fundamental and salutary principle of
liberty, wisely determined to secure the-people of
the United States against its invasion by law.
Thus, sir, I flatter myself that, upon every princi-
ple of reasonable interpretation, I have demon-
strated that this clause of the Constitution does not
impose upon Congress the obligation of receiving
or considering every class of petitions which may
be presented. In the case before us, the people
petitioning have exercised their constitutional right
—they have petitioned, and they have presented
their petitions. The question, then, is, what is
the power and what is the duty of Congress in
in disposing of them 1 It seems to me too clear
for argument, that Congress should have some dis-
cretion over this question of the reception of peti-
tions, as well in regard to its own protection from
imposition and insult, as to its constitutional pow-
ers and the business of the country. Strip this
House of this salutary power, and to what insult
may it not be subjected ; and what subjects may
not madness and folly compel it to consider 1 Thou-
sands and thousands of petitions may be thrown
into this House, demanding its action upon the
most frivolous and contemptible subjects, and
couched in the most vulgar and insulting language.
Shall this House have no protection against impo-
sition and insult like this 1 What gentleman will
say it shall not 1 I should like to see who it is.
This discretion over the question is a necessary
attribute of parliamentary power, and cannot be
taken away without destroying the independence
and efficiency of the body itself. This discretion,
it is true, sir, should be a sound one, and not ca-
pricious or whimsical; and should be soundly ex-
ercised, always controlled by the constitutional
powers of Congress, and the expediency of the
objects of the petitioners. This, sir, is necessary to
the body itself, and is not at war with the right of
petition; itonly protects this body against the abuses
oí his right.   The geatleman írom Vermont him-
