Jan. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
86th Cong*>"1st. Skss.
Molition Petitions—Mr. Garland, of Va.
H. of Reps.
to rest it upon this. I am willing to admit the right
of the House to refuse to receive, in any case in
which a majority of the House is willing that the
reason for rejecting the petition shall go upon the
journal.
And flow, Mr. Speaker, I hare no more to say.
I will not enter upon the subject pi slavery or the
slave-trade in the District of Columbia.
SPEECH OF MR. GARLAND,
Continued from page 745.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is still a fuVther H*ita
tion upon the power of Congress, whinjh confines
its action to the expressly delegated p^weni, and
leaves it no pretext for assuming poweifc ribt pro-
hibited. The proviso to the act of cessioi^iy Vir-
ginia says:
" That the jurisdiction of the laws of this Com-
monwealth over the persons and property of indi-
viduals residing within the limits of the cession
aforesaid, shall not cease or determine until Con-
gress, having accepted said cession, shall, by law,
provide for the government thereof, tinder their ju-
risdiction, in manner provided by the article before
recited."
The article referred to is the 8th section of the
1st article, enumerating and delegating the legisla-
tive powers of Congress. It is thus referred to in
the 2d section of the act of cession, which proves
that it was designed as a limitation upon the pow-
ers of Congress:
"That a tract of country, not exceeding ten miles
square, or any lesser quantity, to be located within
the limits of this State, and in any part thereof, as
Congress may by law direct, and the same is here-
by forever ceded and relinquished to the Congtess
and Government of the United States, jn full and
absolute right and exclusive jurisdiction, as well of
soil as of persons residing or to reside thereon, pur-
suant to the tenor and effect of the eighth section of
He first article of the Constitution of the Govermnent
of the Imited States."
Is not here, sir, a clear limitation upon the pow-
ers of this Government over this District, to the
enumerated powers of the Constitution ? and did
not Congress accept the cession with this condition
annexed 1 With what propriety, then, can Con-
gress be asked to usurp power and violate this ex-
press condition"? But, sir, another view presents
itself, growing out of this section of the act, which
clearly proves the intention of the contracting par-
ties, and their views of the powers of Congress over j
this subject when the cession was made. This sec- 1
tion conferred upon Congress the power of locating
the ten miles square anywhere in the State of Vir-
ginia which it might select. Suppose it had been
located so as to include tke city of Richmond, as it
might have been. Do you think, sir, Virginia had
bestowed upon Congress a discretion which, in her
estimation, would have enabled it to abolish slavery
in the very centre of its slave population, embra-
cing its very capital 1 The idea is too preposterous
to think of. Thus, sir, the power of Congress is
not only limited by the plain letter of the Constitu-
tion, but by its plighted faith, which it is bound, by
every consideration of national honor, to fulfil
The question now recurs, Mr. Speaker, What dis-
position should be made e>f these petitions 1 Should
they be received, or not 1 I contend that they should
not be received. First, because they ask Congress
to do that which it has no constitutional power to
do. I flatter myself that 1 have satisfactorily proved
that Congress has no constittttional power to abol-
ish "slavery" or the "slave-trade" between citizens
of this District and the slave States, and between
the slave States themselves; and that, if the pray-
ers of the petitioners were to prevail, it would be
in violation of the Constitution, and in utter disre-
gard of the rights of private property. Why, then,
receive petitions which call opon the House to do
what it has, palpably, no power to do 1 It is an idle
waste of time, and a most pernicious example. Sec-
ond, because from the effects which the introduc-
tion of such petitions must necessarily produce.
Their introduction uniformly produces excitement
and unprofitable discussion here, and a correspond-
ing excitement in the two great sections of the Uni-
on. The discussions here are well calculated to
prodace heartburnings, jealousies, and alienations
between the Representatives of the slaveholding and
Bon-slaveholding States, which will act and react
upon their constituents, and prodace like feelings
among them, to the hazard of the peace of the coun-
try and the integrity of the Union. Not only this;
but these discissions, urfed in a manner so violent
and unreserved, will find their way to the slave
population, and excite among them delusive hopes
and a spirit of insubordination, and attempts at in-
surrection, which, after the butchery of a tew help-
less women and children, can only end in their own
destruction. These are the only effects which the
introduction and discussion of these petitions are
calculated to produce. Why, then, introduce them'?
Why cast a firebrand into the midst of such com-
bustible materials, and hazard an explosion so fatal
to the harmony of this body, the peace of the nation,
and the integrity of the Union 1 Why produce dis-
cord, where harmony and good-will would other-
wise prevail 1 Is there any good likely to be ac-
complished worth sueh imminent hazards'? None,
sir, whatever. The framers of the Constitution—
men whose wisdom and patriotism were never sur-
passed—foresaw the delicacy and danger of this
question of slavery, and wisely closed the doors of
the Federal Constitution upon it. They saw in this
young and rising nation all those elements of great-
ness which need only be discreetly used to produce
unparalleled power, prosperity, and glory. They
foresaw that sectional jealousies alone could pro-
duce that alienation of feeling which would sever
this great fabric of liberty, and. break it into power-
less, contemptible fragments. They foresaw that,
of a'l other subjects, none were so likely to produce
these disastrous consequences as that of domestic
slavery in the States; and they, therefore, wisely
determined not to clothe the Federal Government
with any power over the subject, but leave it entire-
ly to the jurisdiction of the States where it existed.
Let us imitate, Mr. Speaker, this high and patriotic
example of our fathers, and close for ever the doors
of this Hall to this inflammatory, exciting, and dan-
gerous subject, by keeping out this description of
petitions, as dangerous to the peace and tranquilli-
ty of the country, and the integrity of the Union.
Interest, patriotism, and duty, all unite in impe-
riously demanding it. If, through the instrumen-
tality of this question, this Union, consecrated by
the best blood of our fathers, and founded upon the
true principles of liberty, should ever be broken
down, we shall incur a heavy and irredeemable re-
sponsibility to the world and to posterity. Third.
Because, if the prayer of such pelitions should be
granted, it would be in violation of (hat faith which
is fairly inferrible from the compact ol cession, and
dangerous to the tranquillity and subordination of
the slaves in Virginia and Maryland. It cannot
be, for a moment, supposed that Virginia and Ma-
ryland, two of the largest slaveholding States in the
Union, would have been guilty of the gross folly of
ceding to the United States a territory of ten miles
square, within their very midst, if they had not re-
garded the faith of the Government pledged not to
interfere with this subject. The acts of cession
themselves affoTd conclusive evidence that the ce-
ding States regarded this subject as closed to Con-
gtess. But, if the acts of cession were silent upon
this subject, the very fact that this territory was
gratuitously ceded by the liberality of these two
States should protect it against the exercise of this
power, if it existed. Abolish slavery here; make
it the rendezvous of free negroes and refugee slaves,
and what would be the condition of the pecple of
the District and of Virginia and Maryland1? Their
Croperty would become worthless, and their safety
ourly jeoparded. Is there any gentleman here
prepared to inflict upon the people of Virginia and
Maryland, and this District, such unutterable woes'?
I trust not. Why, then, receive petitions produc-
tive of so little good, and fraught with so many
dangers, and the contagion of which must extend
through the whole slaveholding States?
But it is said by the gentleman from Vermont
(Mr. Slade) that Congress cannot observe any such
plighted faith, because it was unconstitutional. Not
so, sir- If Congress had the power to abolish sla-
very, it would not be compelled to exercise it. It
had the right, therefore, to make the pledge, and is
bound in honor to redeem it, so long as the circum-
stances under which it was made exist, and require
its observance.
Mr. Speaker, I would respectfully inquire, who
are these petitioners! and why should their peti-
tions be entitled to the peculiar favor of this House 1
Sir, they are intermeddlers—officious intruders in-
to the affairs of others. They seek to redress, not
their own grievances, but those of an independent
community; they seek to apply the power of Con-
gress to the destruction of the domestic institutions
of sovereign States, of wfiich they are not citizens,
and with which they have no concern,   Q\\x Gov-
ernment is federal, not consolidated; and, in rela-
tion to their domestic institutions, the States are as
independent of each other, and of this Government,
as they are of the Powers of Europe, Asia, or Afri-
ca ; and the subjects of France or England can, with
as much propriety, seek the intervention of Con-
gress upon this subject, as these petitioners. Such
an intermeddling spirit should not be encouraged,
but frowned down by the most signal marks of dis-
approbation, as dangerous to the institutions of the
States, and threatening to the integrity of the Union.
I have been permitted, sir, by the kindness of my
friend from Massachusetts ( Mr. Lincoln) to exam-
ine one of these petitions. I find it printed, no doubt
prepared at an abolition mint, and signed by 229
women, who pray for the abolition of " slavery" and
the "slave-trade" in the District of Columbia. 1 do
not doubt that most of the signers are children, for
I find many of the same names, mostly written by
the same hand, who have been influenced, no doubt,
to sign their names to this paper, without any knowl-
edge of its contents, by some long-faced hypocriti-
cal missionary of an abolition society. These wo-
men undertake to petition Congress to redress griev-
ances of which they know nothing, and of a people
to whom they are utter strangers. Yes, sir, the
grievances of the superstitious, ignorant, and op-
pressed people of this District are to be poured into
our ears by a few school misses and factory maids
in Massachusetts, who are particularly enlightened
upon this subject; and, for the reception of such a
petition, this House and this nation are to be blown
into a flame.
But it is argued by some that the refusal to re.
ceive these petitions adds to the strength of the ab-
olitionists, by enabling them to connect with their
system the right of petition; and that true policy
would require that they should be received, refer-
red, and reported upon. Sir, in 1793, when the
Quaker petition was presented, it was received, re-
ferred, and reported upon. From that period up to
1836, such petitions were received, referred, and
reported upon, but without effect. In 183G, after an
animated discussion, abolition petitions were re-
ceived and referred to a committee of which Mr.
Pinckney of South Carolina was chairman, and
an able report made against the objects of the peti-
tioners, which, so far from preventing discussion,
produced a most protracted and violent one. This
report evaded the important question of the consti-
tutional power of Congress over this subject. From
that time to this, these petiiions have been multi-
plying in numbers, and, I fear, will continue to
multiply and be poured upon us, till the doors of
Congress are entirely closed upon them. Sir, if the
whole Southern representation would unite in the
spirit of my colleague, (Mr. Borrs,) who, I know,
has no disposition to favor or respect the abolition-
ists, I wonldi, not as a concessiou of principle, but
to arm in the most effective manner those of our
Constitution-abiding and law-Obeying friends of the
North, who are ready to bare their breasts to the
storm, and maintain the plighted faith of the Con-
stitution, defend the constitutional rights of the
South, and preserve the Union of these States, give"
them such a position as they might deem necessary
for their own safety. But, sir, this must be, to com-
mand my acquiescence, the united action of the
South; for, upon this vitally interesting and import-
ant question, the South, to command respect, mast
present an undivided front, and I will riot separate
from it.
I should like to know, Mr. Speaker, why there is
so much solicitude about the reception of petitions
on which no action is sought or desired. I under-
stand that there are scarce ten members on this
llior who would respond affirmatively to the prayer
of these petitions. I understand the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Adams) to
avow that he would not vote for any bill to abolish
slavery in the District of* Columbia at this time.
I understand the gentleman from Vermont (Mr.
Slade) himself to say that he does not desire imme-
diate action upon this subject. Why, then, riskthe
harmony of this body, jeopard the peace of the
country, impair the strength of the Union, and
hazard its integrity, in pressing the reception of pe-
titions upon which this body has determined it will
not act?
[Mr. Slade said he did desire immediate action.]
I distinctly understood the gentleman to say th?t
he did not desire the immediate abolition of slave-
ry, and therefore inferred that he did not desire the
immediate action of the House.
Bat, sir, it is argued by the member from Ver-
