May, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
751
86th Cong "..1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Cushing.
H. of Reps.
SPEECH OF Mr. CUSHING,
Of Massachusetts,
house of Representatives, May 20, 1840—0  the
motion made by him to strike out the enacting
clause of the Independent Treasury Bill.
The House, in Committee of the Whole on the
Btate of the Union, (Mr. Banks, of Virginia, in the ¡
chair,) having taken up the Senate bill entitled "An
•rt to provide for the collection, safekeeping, trans-
fer, and disbursement of the public revenue," the
bill was read ; and the question then being on the
first section of it—
Mr. CUSHING submitted a motion to strike out
the enacting clause, and said he did this in order to
be able, at the present stage in the progress of the
bill, to debate its provisions generally; but, before
proceeding, he had a suggestion to make to Mr. Ath-
siton, who, in the absence of Mr. Jones, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, appear-
ed to have charge of the bill. This measure, im-
portant as it was, and it being, in tact, the measure
of the existing Administration, had come from the
Committee of Ways and Means unaccompanied by
any report; and the House, therefore, possessed no
knowledge of the views which guided that commit-
tee in reporting this project of law. Under these
circumstances, if Mr. Athebton, or any other gen-
tleman of the committee, was desirous to address the
House in behalf of the friends of the bill, and give
an exposition of its merits, Mr. Cushing would
yield the floor to him for that purpose. Nay, more,
he proffered it; he invited any gentleman to enter
into the merits of the bill before he (Mr. C.) spoke
of its demerits.
Mr. Athmton, for reasons that he assigned, said
that he would at present decline to speak.
Mr. Cushijio then took the floor to address the
House, but gave way to the general wish that the
committee should rise and report progress.              ,,
House of Representatives, May 21, 1840/
The House, in Committee of tie Whohyon the
gtate of the Union, having again tacen up/fie Inde-
pendent Treasury Bill, Mr. CusriKg pr^eeded in
substance as follows:                             /
Mr. Chairman: This bill, which \&A fearfully in-
teresting one of itself, comes before «s to-day under
circumstances which give to it additional intensity
of interest.
The Independent Treasury is an Executive idea
and an Executive measure. At the opening of the
twenty-fifth Congress, with a new President, there
met here a new House of Representatives, coming
directly from the people, unbiassed and unsophisti-
cated by the influences which emanate from the fed-
eral city. This measure was then urged upon Con-
gress by the Executive; and the Senate, that aristo-
cratic branch of Congress which in these latter times
originates so many financial acts, seconded the ur-
gency of the Executive; but the House, with its
popular feelings fresh upon it, steadily and sternly
rejected the bill again and again, and shielded the
people from the federal power of the Executive and
the Senate.
Nevertheless, the measure, thus repudiated by the
people's Representatives, was put in operation by
the Executive, ex mero motu suo propria, of his
own arbitrary power and discretion; and has been
so for three years, in defiance of the will of Con-
gress. Nay, the organ of the Treasury Department
here in the last Congress told us—triumphantly told
ns—in contempt as well oí this House as of the peo-
ple, that this measure was in force, and would so
continue, under the present Administration, lament
who might, here or elsewhere; and he finds the re-
compense of his zeal in this matter, not through the
suffrages of the people, but through the form of the
President in the shape of a foreign embassy. And
now this CongTess, assembled after the President
had, for two years, been exerting all the vast power
of the Federal Government, and of the party organi-
zation of which his Administration is the head, to
drill, and persuade, and drive the country into his
measure; now, once again, Congress is called upon,
by the voice of the same President and the second-
ing of the same Senate, to pass the bill—to legalize
what the Executive has already done—to rivet on
the people the chains which the Executive has forged
and twisted around their limbs in despite of them
and of their Representatives. The critical time has
come. Decoyed by the lips of the tempter, the peo-
ple have dallied in the lap of this Administration un-
til, Delilah like, it is insidiously proceeding to shear
the hair of the Samson; and, unless he speedily
arouse himself in his strength, will hand him over,
bound hand and foot, to the Philistines.
When, therefore, in the midst of these circum-
stances, the bill was brought on last night, I called
on the gentleman from New Hampshire, (Mr. Ath-
ekton,) I called on the Committee of Ways and
Means generally, to rise and justify the measure.
In the name of the Opposition here, in the name of
the country, in the name of the people of the United
States, I invited the friends of the Administration to
vindicate its conduct and its purposes. Such a call,
at such a time, was a challenge more than an invi-
tation.
And what are the reasons given by the gentleman
from New Hampshire (Mr. Atheiiton) for declin-
ing this invitation 1 He says this measure has been
several times recommended by the President in his
annual messages. Ay, true enough; there has been
no want of exhortations on the subject from him ;
his individual will is too plainly manifest in the mat-
ter, not only in originating the measure and in for-
cing it upon Congress and the country against the
judgment of both, but in the exercise of his power
and influence to obtain at last the legal confirmation
of his will.
Next, the gentleman refers to past reports. But
theve has been only one report in the House of Rep-
• resentatives on the subject—that of Mr. Cambreleng
in the last Congress; and that was accompanied by
the able counter-report of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania at my side, (Mr. Sergeant ;) the latter con-
futing the former, and the antidote going forth to the
country along with the poison, neutralizing its ven-
om and destroying its power.
But the gentleman says that this is not a new meas-
ure, either to the members of this House or to the coun-
try ; and that every gentleman present was sent here
by his constituents either for or against the bill.
Well, suppose it be so; are we then to be mute here 1
I scorn the idea. This is a deliberative assembly of
men, and of men having souls of their own; not a
body of dumb and blind machines, with no function
but that of registering the will of the Executive.
Our constituents sent us here to execute their decis-
ions, not those of the President; and to utter and
maintain their opinions, as well as to execute their
decisions. I know it is not uncommon to hear com-
plaints made of the consumption of time in debate
here; but they who utter such complaints are very
short-sighted men; they forget that the Federal Gov-
ernment is composed of an association of sovereign
States; that the halls of Congress are the great safe-
ty-valve of our institutions; that, for the conflicting
opinions, and competing interests, an<l political pas-
sions, which waste themselves in debate here, and
which, by discussion in Congress, are conciliated and
harmonized, the chief remedy in the other great com-
munities of Christendom is by resort to war.
The remarkable fact remains, then, that we have
no affirmative defence of this measure. And it is a
most unprecedented fact, that a great bill like this
should be thrown haughtily and unconcernedly up-
on the table of the House as being a law which the
Executive demands, and which, in humble obedience
to him, there is a party ready and strong enough to
pass, right or wrong. We do not, say the friends of
the Administration—and is not that equivalent to
saying we dare not or cannot 1—attempt to justify
the measure affirmatively upon satisfactory argu-
ments. For the gentleman from New Hampshire,
in conclusion, gravely puts it to me to proceed, con-
trary to the natural course of debate, and show cause
why this bill ought not to pass. I, however, shall not
shrink from that challenge.
There is a still more singular fact in the circum-
stances which now surround us; and it is, that we
are now asked to legalize this financial experiment
of the President, after it has actually been tried and
has failed,
This scheme of policy has been in operation, by
Executive will, in defiance of Congress, for three
years. It is the measure, and the only measure, of
his Administration; or, rather, it is emphatically his
measure. One of the ablest of his advocates, the
Democratic Review, tells us:
" The great event of Mr. Van Buren's adminis-
tration, by which it will be hereafter known and de-
signated, is the divorce of Bank and Stale in the
fiscal affairs of the Federal Government, and the re-
turn, after half a century of deviation, to the original
design of the Constitution."
So that Mr. Van Buren is not only wiser than all
the present generation, but wiser than those con-
script fathers of the Republic by whom the Consti-
tution was framed and the machinery of the Federal
Government set in motion. Regardless of their ex-
ample, and of the monitory experience of half a cen-
tury, he resolved to try his experiment, and he has
tried it.
Or, rather, it is one of two kindred experiments.
General Jackson's experiment, the pet bank system,
like this one, was put in operation by Executive will
in defiance of Congress; like this, it was in opera-
tion for three years before it was legalized; and it
exploded in a year after the act for its legalization
was extorted from Congress, as this may, invohing
the Government and the country in common dismay
and confusion.
And what has, thus far, been the effect of the two 1
This we have seen too clearly, in the never-ceasing
agitations of currency, commerce, and business of
all sorts; in a vast number of individual bankrupt-
cies ; in two suspensions of cash payments by the
banks—one partial, the other universal; in the pros-
tration of productive industry in all its departments;
in the general reduction of prices, especially of cot-
ton, corn, and labor; in a word, in the congelation
of the current of the country's prosperity—the paraly-
sis of its industrial energies—an ossification, as it
were, at its heart. Such have been the disastrous
results of these financial experiments of the Execu-
tive ; the last of which, in the face of all these facts,
Congress is now called on to adopt and to legalize.
And we are called upon to do this at a time when
the people, weary of these empirical experiments
on their welfare and repose, have arisen in the
majesty of their might to rebuke the experimenters,
and to cashier that Administration which, in the
blind pursuit of its own party interests, disregards
those of the nation. Let not the friends of the
Administration suppose that the country is agitated
for nothing, nor seek to lay that flattering unctiort
to their souls. It is not a ripple on the surface of
the waves, but a tempestuous tossing of the deep
sea, which you witness. The masses are in motion.
It is the upheaving of the vast ocean itself, witli
that tremendous ground-swell from its uttermost
depths, which forebodes and marks the unwithstand-
ablc power of the coming onset of the earthquake,
and which is about to overwhelm you with the
deluge of its waters. If the people cannot reform
the purposes of the Administration, and make these
consonant to their wishes and interests, they can
and will reform the Administration itself.
Such a bill, coming before us under such circum-
stances, deserves a full and deliberate examination
upon its precise merits; more especially as the dis-
cussions of it in the House hitherto have been either
partial and hurried, or incidental only ; and I propose
now to subject it to a rigorous and complete scrutiny.
But, before commencing on this, I desire to forestall
any attempts, on the other side, to stifle debate by
the clamor concerning the appropriation bills, which
is so common in this House and in the newspapers.
The Administration majority in the House have
decided to take up this bill first, to the postponement
of those general appropriation bills which remain
to be acted on. They have made this decision upon
the precise question proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia, (Mr. Wise,) who moved to take up the
navy appropriation bill in preference to this. 'J he
appropriation bills are of admitted general impor-
tance ; so much so, that one of the standing rules of
the House gives to them a precedence over all other
bills. When the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill was on its passage, we heard continual com-
plaint  in the House conctraing the injury to the
