?52
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe.
May, 1840.
26th Coico*••• 1 st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Cushing.
H. of Reps.
public service, and the wrong to the public servants,
which was inflicted by the delay of the appropria-
tions for the civil, naval, military, and miscellaneous
services of the Government. The Globe was loud
in its exhortations on the subject. If the exigency
for the passage of these bills was so great a month
ago, it must be greater now, as it notoriously is; and
it is a violation of duty to the Government and the
country to postpone these bills. On the other hand,
this bill can well enough wait. The system which
it is intended to legalize is practically in force now.
It can matter nothing to the Government and the
country whether that act of legalization take place a
month sooner, or a month later. / Of course, this
bill is taken up now for party reasons merely—to
endeavor to help the falling fortunes of the Admin-
istration by a show of courage, or to satisfy the im-
portunity of a certain class of its friends, discontented
to see this bill remain so long as it has in the
House untouched, or to meet the taunts of the Whigs
on the same point. For some such object, also,
though the bill remained on the Speaker's table for
weeks after it came from the Senate, uncommitted
even; yet the friends of the Administration,for no-
thing else but idle exhibition, have recently consumed
the time of the House with motions to suspend the
rules, and take it up out of order, on days when it
was morally certain that the House would not agree
to suspend the rules for that purpose. Now, they
have at length got it up, postponing the interests of
country to those of party. Let us hear nothing
from the friends of the Administration, therefore, in
this debate, of the delay of the appropriation bills, as
an argument to stifle or cut off debate. The delay
is theirs. They alone are responsible for it t They
cannot expect this bill to pass without being largely
discussed. If they do, they mistake. And if at any
time hereafter they complain of the delayed appro-
priation bills, I say to them, and the country will
say,—The fault is yours, and the remedy is at any
moment in your hands; for the same majority which
took up this bill can lay it aside, and take up the
appropriation bills in its stead, to resume it when
they shall have been passed and sent to the Senate.
This billis commonly called'by its friends " the
Independent Treasury Bill." I shall not quarrel
with its name. Its sponsors may christen it as they
please ; and if to the name of " Sub-Treasury" they
prefer that of "Independent Treasury," they are
welcome to use it, for aught I care. It is a bill to
give to the Government an independent place of de-
posite for the public treasure—a place of deposite
independent, not of banks only, but of the people.
This is one of its provisions. But it has another
provision ; and that is, to give to the Government an
independent currency in all its dealings, as well as
independent depositories of the public treasure ; in-
dependent, in one case and in the other, of the whole
people of the United States. These two are the
main objects of the bill, provided for in the first and
twentieth sections—namely,Government depositories,
and a Government currency ; the other twenty-six
sections of the bill being subsidiary to the execution
of these two.
The 'bill, which embodies this scheme, begins
appropriately by repealing sundry clauses of the
Constitution of the United States. In the first sec-
tion it is enacted that " certain toohis, vaults, and
safes," in the new Treasury building, " are hereby
constituted and declared to be the Treasury of the
United States." Is the Treasury of the United
States a local thing, a building, a vault, or safe 1
If so, as it is a universal truth that a true definition
may be substituted for the thing defined, then is Mr.
Woodbury the Secretary of a certain vault or safe in
the Treasury building. You might as well declare
the arsenal to be the War Department, or a ship or
a cannon the Navy Department, or the great seal to
be the State Department. The whole enactment is
absurd and puerile, this attempt to localize the
Treasury of the United States ; but when the enact-
ment is compared with the Constitution, it is worse
than merely absurd and puerile, it is plainly uncon-
stitutional. The Constitution says that " no money
shall be drawn from the Treasury but in consequence
of appropriations made by law;" and that certain
duties " shall be for the use of the Treasury of the
United States."   It is evident that these expressions
do not signify a place, but rather an abstract legal
entity. And the bill itself, in other parts of it, pro-
ceeds on the same idea; for though, if the vaults of
the Treasury buildingbe the Treasury of the United
States, all appropriations must he drawn therefrom,
yet the bill provides elsewhere for drawing appro-
priations out of other places of deposite all over the
United States.
In discussing the numerous and complicated de-
tails of the bill and its various parts, I propose, for
the sake of perspicuity, to consider it—first, as a
fiscal measure only; that is, in its relation to the
Treasury;—and, secondly, as a measure of state
policy ; that is, in its relation to the people.
It is known to the House that, when the idea of
this scheme was broached in Congress in 1834, the
Administration was decidedly hostile to it. The
friends of the Administration here spoke and voted
against it in a body. The Globe declared that the
effect of the scheme would be to expose the public
treasure to be plundered by a hundred hands where
one could reach it before. The present Secretary
of the Treasury condemned in strong terms the idea
of intrusting the public treasure to the keeping of
individual agents of the United States. And the
plan was taken up in 1837 as an afterthought. Yet,
afterthought as it is, and repudiated as it had been
by the Secretary of the Treasury, where, think you,
it is that he goes to find the origin of the scheme ?
To any of the trusted names of the Democracy ?
No, indeed; but to that able man, who is to the
friends of the Administration in this House the very
by-word of horror, namely, Alexander Hamilton.
Yet see how curiously Mr. Woodbury covers this
up;.how adroitly he insinuates the fact, without
speaking out the name. In the Treasury report of
September, 1837, he says :
" The other system to which the attention and
consideration of Congress are respectfully invited,
is a new organization, by means of commissioners or
receivers general, to gather the collections to more
central points, &c. Such an organization might be
at only three or four of the most important points,
or it might be made more extensive, &c. This could
be arranged in all important particulars substantial-
ly in the manner which is now in very successful
practice in some of the most enlightened and opu-
lent governments of Europe, and as ivas urgently
recommended by this Department as early as
1790."
That is, Mr. Woodbury seizes upon a temporary
idea of Mr. Hamilton the mere imperfect sugges-
tion which occurred to him in the outset of the Gov-
ernment, when we had neither treasure nor fiscal
agents of any sort, nor much else but debts; and cites
this in support of the present measure. He might
have bethought him of the beautiful idea of Burns,
that nature tried her prentice hand on man, and made
woman afterwards, when experience had taught skill.
For, in this reference to Hamilton's authority, Mr.
Woodbury refuses the master-workman's fiscal ma-
chinery which the Father of his country adopted,
which experience approved for many years, and
under which the country had long prospered; and
proposes, instead of it, to take the first imperfect in-
struments, on which Hamilton did but try his " pren-
tice hand," sending us, for the idea of his " sub-
treasurers," to Alexander Hamilton's unfinished and
rejected roughdraught
Looking at the bill in its light of a new fiscal ma-
chinery only, the first question is, whether the Treas-
urer oí the United States, receivers general, treas-
urers of mints, collectors, land office receivers, and
postmasters, who are made by this bill the sole de-
positories of the public moneys, are in all respects
the best possible fiscal agents and depositories of the
United States.
Are they, as compared with banks, for instance,
the safest depositories ?
For the security of the public money in the hands
of its agents under this bill, the Administration pro-
poses to rely (in addition to the integrity of the offi-
cers) upon, 1st. bonds; 2d. inspections; 3d. penal
provisiwis.
Every thinking man must admit that it will be
impossible to secure the public treasure by the sure-
tyship borids which the bill calls for. Individuals
cannot give adequate jbonds for the millions to pass
through their hands or to remain in their custody.
The President assumes that only five millions will
be on hand at any time. I shall disprove this here-
after, but, for argument's sake, I also assume this at
present Taking the whole sum at five millions, a
large sum will be at New York, for example. Can
the receiver general at New York give good security
for three, two, or even one million of dollars 7 We
know he cannot. There are few men in the coun-
try of sufficient wealth to render their bond good to
that amount; of such men there is probably not one
who would be willing to become security for a re-
ceiver general. We know how the thing must and
will be done. The receiver general will obtain the
signatures of as many friends as he can, each to be
responsible to a certain amount; and, if the princi-
pal becomes a defaulter, the sureties will, most of
them, devise means to convey their property from
the Government, and thus to escape. Or, perhaps they
will come here and pray for an act of Congress for
their relief, as the sureties of Swartwout have done
this very session; so that, on the whole, the surety-
ship must be conceded on all hands to be but very
imperfect, at best, as a means of protecting the Gov-
ernment.
Next, the bill provides for the supervision of the
depositories by the Treasury Department; but it is
obviously impossible for the Government to have
conusance of the conduct and personal habits of nu-
merous agents scattered all over the Union. The
ingenuity of fraud will outstrip the vigilance of the
Government Special or itinerating agents may be
sent, without notice, to inspect the depositories; but
how easy it is, by the artful arrangement of accounts,
to deceive such inspectors !
But whatever security the Government may have,
by these or any other means, with individual depos-
itories, it has identically the same in the case of
banks, and something more. Personal integrity is
a thing not peculiar to Government officers on the
one hand, nor to bank officers on the other; nor is
the want of it peculiar to either. In each case the
individuals trusted are men, and subject to the in-
firmities of the human condition, and alike capable
of the breach of trust and of crime. In each case
the person offending may be arrested and punished
for his criminal acts. In the case of bank officers,
as of the officers created by this bill, bonds are taken
to make good any defalcation of which they may be
guilty. To one, as to the other, a system of •uper-
vision by public agents is applicable. But while, in
all these particulars, the two cases are perfectly pa-
rallel, or, at any rate, there is no advantage in favor
of special Government depositories, it is obvious to
see that other and great advantages, on the score of
safety, remain altogether peculiar to banks, as they
have been constituted hitherto, under charters, either
from the States or from Congress. For, in addition
to all the security which is common to the two modes
of deposite—a special or a bank depository—the de-
positor in bank has the ample and complete security
of the capital slock of the bank; the Government
has the inspection of the directors and stockholders,
in addition to its own; and, above all, the bank can-
not abscond. Its officers may abscond, but its cap-
ital stock remains fixed by its charter in the State
which establishes it. Your Swartwouts may, on the
approaching discovery of their defalcation, take pas-
sage for England by the first packet; but not so the
Bank of"New York, or the Massachusetts Bank.
Upon the whole reason of the thing, therefore,
I hold it to be clearly shown that bank depositories
are, in their nature, safer than individual agents as
depositories. And the unbiassed and spontaneous
action of individuals in the management of their own
private affairs, where no party influences intervene,
(or, if they do, are overcome by the consideration of
private interest) confirms the conclusion; for who,
that is in the way to have large sums of money on
hand, keeps it in his own safe or vault, or in the cus-
tody of his clerk or other agent 1 No man does this
willingly. Every body sees that, if he is known to
have large sums of money in his house and in his
own custody habitually, he exposes himself to rob-
bery or theft; and that, whatever confidence he may
place in the integrity of a clerk or cash-keeper of his
own, money deposited in bank is much more secure-
ly disposed of, and he acts accordingly.
