fk
APPENDIX TO TffiB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1840.
&6th  Co o«"«1st Sk89.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Cushing.
H. of Reps
tag used by the banks, it is as easy to enact that it
it shall not be discounted on, or otherwise used, by
bank agents, as by individual agents; and as easy to
secure the observance of the prohibition by penal
provisions in one case as in the other.
And upon this branch of the question the conclu-
sion seems to me irresistible—that, in a mere fiscal
point of view, looking only to the naked, narrow
consideration of what kind of deposite agency is best
for the Government as a Government, the new plan
is lose safe, less economical, and less convenient for
the Treasury, than the old one, which a half century's
experience has sanctioned and approved.
What may be the operation of the new plan upon
tbe resources of the Treasury is a different, but a
very important fiscal question. If, as I shall en-
deavor to prove in discussing other branches of the
question, the effect of the financial policy of the Ad-
ministration, considered in all its parts, should be to
cripple commerce and check production, will it not,
in reducing the business of the country, reduce in
the same proportion the resources of the Treasury ?
And if the immediate resources of the Treasury be
reduced, what is the remedy to be 1 Either you
must impose additional taxes by augmenting the
rates of duty in the tariff, or you must borrow money
to meet the daily wants of the Government. This
result is not mere speculation. It has been reached
already ; for already the Government is in debt. I
know that, in the debates in this House upon the
Treasury Note Bill, the friends of the Administration
denied that those notes constitute a debt. But in
the Senate this point was given up. And it had
long before been given up at the Treasury; for, in
the various tables of the public expenditures which
have recently come to Congress from the Treasury
Department, the Treasury notes are expressly treated
•■ a public debt, and classed in the same column with
the old funded debt. This is the only common-sense
view of the subject. Already, therefore, the financial
policy of the Administration has acted seriously on
our fiscal resources, foreshadowing to us the greater
•vil of the same kind to come, either of a new debt
or new taxes, to supply the necessities of the Treas
ury.
But the Secretary of the Treasury, notwithstand
ing all these considerations against the employmen
of individual Government agents as the depositories
of the Treasury—in the face of all the adverse expe-
rience of the Government on the. subject, and of his
own express and emphatic declarations of his own
conviction in favor of bank depositones-nui spite of
•11 this, the Secretary, in that same sentence in
which he covertly seeks to screen the new scheme
by throwing over it the mantle of that federalist of
federalists, Alexander Hamilton—monarchist, I be-
lieve, some gentlemen call him—in the same sen-
tence the Secretary of the Treasury claims approba-
tion for the scheme, because it is actually practised
by some of the monarchies of Europe. His words
«re. " In the manner -which is nov> in very success-
fid practice in some of the most enlightened and
opulent Governments of Europe, and as was ur-
gently recommended by this Department as early as
1790." How much have we not heard this session
concerning the federalism of the present Opposition,
and the monorchism of the old federalists! How
much research and learning have been expended by
the friends of the Administration on this controversy
about names! And yet this Administration, which,
by a vain dispute of words, would arrogate to itself
the title of democratic, is thus found, in respect of
that only thing which constitutes its peculiar politi-
cal creed, clothing itself in the cast-away garment of
Alexander Hamilton, and citing the example of the
monarch* of Europe to show how well the garment
befits the Government of the United States. To af-
ford the proof of which, the Senate, that natural and
proper ally of Executive power against the people,
has, in the last Congress as well as this, drawn from
the Treasury Department two very curious and sig-
nificant documents on the fiscal regulations of for-
eign countries; and the Independent Treasury, with
«II its adjuncts, is gravely recommended to us by the
example of the despotisms, parental or tyrannical,
which control the chief part of continental Europe—
to «ay nothing of Turkey in Asia, and of Cuba!
| ffMfdf tb*t tbf history of Other .nations may
well be studied by us; that sometimes an import8111
fact, a valuable idea, may be derived from the1  
and that it would be weak and narrow to refuse a
useful invention or practice merely because it origi-
nated in a foreign monarchy. In science, literature,
and the useful arts, we may at all times learn much
from the old states of Europe. But I am jealous of
all European examples in matters of government
In this respect, I would sooner look to Europe for
things to shun than for things to imitate. Our in-
stitutions, political and social, are totally different
from theirs. Ours is a Government, not of new
forms only, but of new principles also. In addition
to this, our peculiar continental and territorial con-
dition tends to separate our case still further from
that of any European states. And I, having such
prepossessions, am not inclined to think any better
of any plan of governmental policy, because of its
being practised in Europe. But, as the Treasury
Department has been at great pains to obtain, through
our consulates and legations abroad, a large body of
information on this subject, to justify its particular
policy, I will, in all fairness, examine the facts to
see how far they countenance the scheme of the
President.
Of the European states, some deposite in bank,
and some do not. The examples, therefore, which
this document affnrds, are both ways. On the first
inspection of the document, there is one line of dis-
tinction apparent in it, which immediately strikes the
eye; and it is, that while European Governments,
like Great Britain and France, which have some-
thing of constitutional freedom in their institutions,
which have elected legislative assemblies—Govern-
ments which are at the very top of the scale of mod-
ern civilization—while Governments such as these
deposite in bank, and receive bank paper, others,
which have no representative assemblies, nay, some
which are at the very bottom of I he scale of civiliza-
tion, and but one degree removed from absolute bar-
barism, such as Turkey, do not This general fact
certainly does not tend to impress the mind very fa-
vorably towards the plan of repudiating bank depos-
itories. Though it may be premature to decide the
question upon this single fact, yet certainly it is a
fact pregnant with inference and meaning.
On looking further, it will be found necessary to
distinguish between the question—what shall be the
Government depository, and what the medium
ceipts and payments on thepartrwf the Government!
For instance, not a few Governments in Europe,
especially the heavily indebted ones, make large is-
sues of Government paper, which performs many
of the offices of money, and in some cases is an ex-
press substitute for bank paper. Prussia and Sax-
ony are examples of this. In the case of such Gov-
ernments, it is a secondary question where they
deposite the paper received for public dues, that
paper being Govei'nment paper. And their exam-
ple has no application to us, unless it is our inten-
tion also to be overwhelmed with public debt, to
continue to anticipate our revenue, and to make
large issues of Government paper money.
Nor is the place of deposite a matter of much
consequence in this relation, if the receipts and pay-
ments of the Treasury be made in the same medium,
and that medium be either Government paper or
bank paper. The Government may, if it choose,
lock up the notes of a bank in its vaults forever; that
does no injury to the bank, but the contrary. There-
fore the case of Governments which, though they
make use of Government agents as depositories, yet
receive and pay bank paper, such as Austria, Den-
mark, and Belgium, goes but little way towards sus-
taining the views of the Administration.
In this document we have, beside the great mon-
archies of Europe, information concerning little
states like the cities of Hamburg and Bremen, which
are of no application; because a particular system
might answer well enough in the narrow limits of a
single insignificant city, and yet be very unfit for a
great country like ours.
Nor can we derive any instruction from the South
American republics, whose practiee is detailed in
this document; for some of them receive bank pa-
per, some of them specie, and others Government
paper; their financial condition being, in general,
lik^that Of the United States in the day  of the Con-
federation and of continental paper money, ana
no sort of use as a guide to the United States at the
present conjuncture.
And the Administration, not content with send-
ing us to Turkey to learn how a free people should
be governed, lays before us the examples of the
European colonies in America, such as Halifax,
Jamaica, and Cuba. Truly a profitable study for
the people of the United States ! And yet the case
of Cuba—not a Government, not an independent
state, but the mere dependency of Spain, without in-
stitutions of any sort, with scarce the common bene-
fit of decent roads or any thing else to indicate ma-
terial prosperity—a solitary Spanish island under
the delegated despo ism of Spani h Captains-Gene-
ral and Spanish garrisons—this case, so monstrous-
ly unapposite to that of the Ln ted States, has been
much dwelt upon by the advocates of the Admin-
istraron, as countenancing thar scheme of a Gov-
ernment currency and Government sub-treasurers.
If any citizen of the United States wishes to see
this country reduced to the territorial dimensions or
the social or political condition of Cuba, I shall not
contend with him; he is quite welcome to enjoy his
opinions on that head unmolested. Leaving that
question, therefore, to others, it is sufficient for me
to say that, so long as the United States consist of
a confederation of States covering a continent—so
long as the United States are an independent Repub-
lic—so long as the citizens of the several States are
freemeo, having rights of thtir own, and a country of
their own to be governed for itself—so long tho ex-
ample of the political system of Cuba wdl be the
very last deserving to be quoted for the imitation of
the United States. I like that of Turkey or of the
Barbary States better; for these at least are Govern,
ments, not dependent colonies ; and if their ruler be
a despot, and they grow weary of him, they have at
worst the constitutional check of the dagger, by
which they may rid themselves of one tyrant, and
try the experiment of another. Not so with a little
colony such as Cuba, garrisoned by a foreign army,
and ruled by a foreign viceroy.
But they who quote upon us the hard-money
currency of Cuba think nothing, it would seem, of
political, social, or moral questions; they look to
the single fact that Cuba produces a large quantity
of sugar for exportation; and that is evidence, un-
■AttuhtedJyjOf a certain degree of mater al prosperity.
WhetiJerttrgL prr—f.-u,, nrnl1](| not be greater under
other circumstances—whethei I lie c(tllluiiiaihn -of
dependent colony, forced labor, and specie currency,
does in truth present the beau ideal of political, so-
cial, and financial perfectibility—is a question which
it would be interesting to discuss.
But I shall content myself, at present, with deny-
ing the premises of the argument. Cuba does not,
in fact, .possess a stable currency of intrinsic specie
value. Nor does the specie currency which the
island has, such as it is, constitute the chief medium
of purchase and sale for her exports and imports.
According to the best information which I can ob-
tain, the facts in this matter areas follows: Of coin-
ed currency in Cuba, the chief is the Spanish gold
onza, or doubloon, and its parts. This coin is
properly, and according to its original rated value,
equal to sixteen Spanish dollars ; and the doubloons
of recent coinage in independent South America
pass for no more in Cuba, though of about the same
intrinsic value as the old one, which, by Govern-
ment order, passes for seventeen Spanish dollars of
artificial or forced value. Of course, the old Span-
ish doubloon is a mere piece of merchandise out of
Cuba; and whenever that coin reaches the United
States, in the course of our trade with the West In-
dies or with South America, it goes at once to the
broker to be sold at a premium for the artificial de-
mands of Cuba. So much for the gold currency of
Cuba. Nor is the silver currency any better. This
consists, not of Spanish dollars, nor of smaller silver
coins at their intrinsic value; for such coins will
not stay in the island along with doubloons rated at
seventeen dollars, and there is no pillared money in
circulation, but the silver currency is what is called
in the United States headed pistareent, worth only
twenty cents, but passed in Cuba for twenty-five
cents. And many of these coins are, moreovar,
grossly adulterated,   Thus, very recently,   h*|«
