May, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
£6th Cono....1st. Skss.
ftidepmdmt Treasury—Mr. Gushing.
H. of Reps.
amount of Isabella headed pittareens, greatly adul-
terated, were sent from Spain to be circulated in
Cuba. That is to say, though Cuba has no bank
paper currency, but a specie currency instead, that
currency has neither a stable nor a true intrinsic
value. Add to which, that specie is the currency in
■mall dealings only. Cargoes of sugar in Cuba, as
everybody knows, are purchased, not with doubloons
nor with pistareens, but with bills on England,
drawn either upon previous credits or upon the con-
signment of the cargo. Do the people of the Uni-
ted States want to be blessed, then, with such a
blessful currency of overrated gold and silver as that
of Cuba ?    Impossible.
There ia one European Government which,
though not mentioned in this document, is relied
upon very much in argument by the friends of the
Administration—and that is Holland; and it is, I be-
lieve, the only independent state of whose example
they do say much. That Government, we are told,
collects its revenue in specie, and keeps it in the
hands of its own individual agents. If it be so—if
(which I do not believe) the public treasure is con-
tinually transported to and fro, from Amsterdam or
Rotterdam to the Hague, or kept locked up in vaults,
the example proves nothing to us: for a fiscal ma-
chinery which works well in a small kingdom hke
Holland, equal in territory only to the smaller among
the States of this Union, and an old country, where
money capital is in excess, and e\erv thing else want-
ing, may be very inadequate, insufficient, and inju-
rious for a republic, so extensive in territory and so
various in wants and resources as the United States.
It costs but a few hours of time, and but little mo-
ney, to convey specie from Amsterdam or Rotter-
dam to the Hague. It would take as many weeks
to make the same transfers from one extremity ot
the United States to the other. The example, there-
fore, seems to me to have no weight, e\ en conceding
the premises assumed.
But the commercial business of Holland is not
done in specie. Amsterdam has its bank. Prh ate
bankers abound, and a paper currency, in the form
of orders or checks, is used in the internal commer-
cial de -lings of the great cities.
And if it were otherwise, to what Holland is it
that gentlemen refer us 1 Is it that Holland f- m
which the ancestors of a part of ti e people of the
United States i^uie, and to which their descendants
in New York may look back with just and honest
pride 1 Is it Holland in the day s of her commercial
and political glory—that Holland which repelled the
armies of Spain, which carried her conquests into
the East and West Indies, which covered every sea
with her ships, and which made the whole world
tributary as it were to the little spot of earth extort-
ed by its industrious, frugal, and hardy people from
the Ocean itself? Is it that Holland which defied
the power of Louis XIV, and contended on equal
terms with Great Britain 1 Holland of the days of
De Ruyter, and of Van Tromp, sweeping the Eng-
lish channel with the broom at his masthead 1 Hol-
land of the days of the Republic, and of the old
Bank of Amsterdam ? No: it is not that Holland
to which the friends of the Administration send us ;
bnt Holland, shorn of her splendor and her power;
Holland iu her decay; Holland at the feet of that
Stadtholder family with which De WTitt and Barne-
velt struggled; Holland, become at last the mere
appanage of the house of Nassau : this is the Hol-
land to which the Administration points us, as one
more of the European royal models for the United
States to copy.
If the Administration must have royal models for
imitation, why does it overlook the case of France,
which not only receives bank paper, but makes de-
posites in the Bank of France 1 If we are to copy
monarchies, let us copy great and liberal ones.
France has none of this blind hostility against either
a bank of France or joint-stock banks; and is not
her example as good as that of Holland 1 I may be
told that in France the bank notes issued by the
bank and received by the Government are not of de-
nominations so small as the banks of this country
issue; and that accordingly France has more specie
in circulation than the United States; but that is a
question of degree, not of principle. What gentle-
men propose in this bill is the proscription of banks,
not the regulation or reform of them.    If it were
the latter, we should have little cause of difference.
Once more: if the Administration must needs
have the benefit of some royal example to justify its
policy—if it must go to the old monarchies of Eu-
I rope to learn how to conduct the fiscal affairs of the
I Government—why does it overlook our fatherland,
Britain ? There is a Government which, differing
as it does from us in its political and social organiza-
tion and in territorial position—differing from us as
all the monarchies of the Old World do__there is at
least one royal Government which, in its chartered
rights, its time-honored Parliament, its intellectual
greatness, its trial by jury, its habeas corpus act, its
advancement in commerce, arts, and   power, its
kindred blood, its municipal law almost identically
our own—an American may regard with somewhat
i of partial interest, so far as he can entertain such a
1   feeling for any thing European.    Men are prone to
.   impute to me a sentiment of hostility towards Eng-
land.   Not so.   I respect her power; and the veiy
reasons that cause me to respect her power, make
me to dread her ambition, and to be jealous of her
commercial and colonial aggrandizement.   From a
small insular state, England has gradually risen to a
greatness of power beyond that either of the old As-
syrian, Persian, Greek, or  Roman  empires.    On
the narrow surface of the British islands, at once a
workshop and a fortress, England has collected and
concentrated those extraordinary means of power,
whatever they may be, which have enabled her to
extend her dominion over the habitable earth, push-
ing her manufactures and her commerce into every
corner of the earth, and making conquests in every
clime, combining at once the territorial strength of
Rome and the maritime strength of Canhage with
'the ambition of both, until she numbers a hundred
and fifty millions of subjects, and is be orne the
Queen, not of Europe only, but of Asia, and, but for
us, of America too.    She may now repeat the boast,
which old Spa n was once so proud to utter—that in
her dominions the sun  never sets;   ünd  of her,
the saying of Mr. Webstew p as true as it is beau-
tiful—that the beat of the morning drum in her gar-
risons follows the dawn of day circling around the
globe.    Seeing all this visible manifestation of the
;4_greatB#ae of England, I cannot but watch and dread
it; but Imustof necessity respect it.    And if I seek
to know how opulence and greatness are to be firh:""-
ed, I canfeot start Biy eves m the peculiar commer-
cial instruments and he peculiar fiscal agents which
England has employed as the means (among other
things) of aiding iter in the prosecution of her ex-
traordinary career as a nation.    I should presume,
[  at least, that the industrial and fiscal machinery, the
'  instrumentality of which she had employed in the
} attainment of such wonderful wealth  and power,
must be better than that of Turkey, always barba-
• rous, and now half ruined, or of Holland and Spain,
i  which have been losing colonial empires faster than
I  England gains them.    And yet it is the fiscal ma-
chinery of the former " opulent and enlightened
Governments of Europe," and not the latter, which
the President calls on us to admire and to imitate!
Thus far, I have considered chiefly the fiscal ques-
tion of an Independent Treasury ; and I come now
to the fiscal question of an Independent Govern-
ment currency. Indeed, I have incidentally refer-
red to this, in discussing the practice of other Gov-
ernments. Wha , then, (as a fiscal, not a political
question,) ought the Treasury to receive and pay
out 1 Spec'e only: or Government paper; or bank
and commercial paper, such as the community at
large, and the several States, employ in their receipts
and payments 7
The Administration talks to ns of the enormities
of the United States Bank, and the mischief done by
, | the banks of the several States ; and then exhorts us
i not only to dispense with their agency as deposito-
ries, but to prosciibe their paper. And here again
it points us to the example of foreign countries. Let
us look at this.
Suppose you had the will and the power to crush
all the present banks. Would that put an end to
banking ? No ; for though you should have no bank
corporations, you would have bank princes instead,
like the Rothschilds and the Barings. But would
I you rid yowsejf of paper money?   JSTo, Here again
the Treasury document concerning the usages o 
foreign States gives us light; for it shows us how
many of the foreign Governments which employ
individual agents exclusively in the safe-keeping of
their public treasure are paper-money Governments.
Prussia, Saxony, Mexico, as we have seen, and others,
have their Government paper. But what need of
foreign example ? We have no occasion to go to
Europe to sec how this project of the Administration
works. Wc have the evidence at home. Simulta-
neously with the sub-Treasury scheme come up
Treasury notes.
But it is said these Treasury notes are an old agent
of the Treasury. They are so. Indeed, they differ
in little but the name from the Continental bills of
the Revolution. After that, we saw no more Govern-
ment paper, until the period of the last war. Then,
as a fruit of the necessities of that day, came these
Treasury notes for the first time. And then, also,
they came after the expiration of the charter of the
first United States Bank. Mark that coincidence.
But though the Treasury notes of 1815, like those
of 1837, did not essentially differ from the Conti-
nental bills of credit, yet the Treasury notes of 1837,
and those since issued, are a less disguised Govern-
ment paper money than the Treasury notes of 1815.
Not only were the latter issued as a measure of ne-
cessity to meet the war expenditures, but they were
issued to be funded, and as a part of the funded debt
of the United States. But the Treasury notes of
1837 stand upon their own bottom ; they arc not a
mere evidence of funded debt; they are the original
debt itself? and they have been issued—some millions
of them, at least—at a nominal interest, for the vory
object of giving them the capacity to circulate as a.
currency. What is the inference ? I know that it
is not always easy to distinguish what is mere con-
tiguity of place and contemporaneity of time from
what is really cause and effect. I cannot help think-
ing, however, that, in this case, sub-Treasury is the
cause, and Treasury notes arc the effect. For, as I
observed in discussing the Treasury note bill of
this session, every Government must and will have
some kind of intermediar}' between its debtor and
itself, and itself and its creditor. No Government,
in its senses, will voluntarily subject itself to the risk
and trouble of transferring its funds all the time with
a military escort from remote provinces to the capital
nml hnrlr ii^nin—H-veu TurKe\, ás the Treasury
Department itself tells us, is willing enough to enjoy
the aid of Greek and Armenian bankers in the per-
formance of this operation.
Indeed, in t&e discussions on the Treasury not 
bill, it might be seen that the advocates of the sub-
Treasury scheme disagree on this point—some of
them adhering rigorously to the idea of using specie
alone in the dealings of the Government, and exclud-
ing not only bank paper, but even Government paper.
Such seems to be the idea of one of the distinguish-
ed advocates of this measure, (Mr. Bestow,) who
has urged it on with so much zeal, industry, and
perseverance. Others, with a keentr perception of
what the Treasury needs, have seen that Treasury
notes, or some other forms of Government paper, if
not necessary, were at least very convenient in the
fiscal operations of the Government. When a Go-
vernment is in debt, when it has occasion to antici-
pate its revenues, either bank paper or Government
paper is indispensable, as all the European examples
show; and sometimes both are found to be conveni-
ent, as in the case of England, which uses exche-
quer bills, as well as Bank of England notes. And,'
if we are to have no bank paper of any sort, I should
hesitate to say that Government paper is not better
than none at all, so far as regards the fiscal conveni-
ence of the Treasury.
But much hag been said  by the Administration
and its friends, of the losses which the Government
has suffered by the receipt of bank paper. No part
of this loss, be it observed, has been incurred by the
paper of either of the two United States Banks. On
the contrary, it occurred in the period of time be-
tween the two banks, and by the receipt of the paper
of State banks. The amount so lost is estimated by
the Treasury Department at five and a half millions.
But was this truly a loss by bank paper ? It is the
depreciation on the paper of the suspended banks,
received at the Treasury during, the Jast war with
