May, 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7S7
26th Cono....1st Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Cmhing.
H. of Reps.
Government to crush all the banks of the States,
and to exclude from circulation as well their bills
and notes as those of individuals—if it were in the
power of the Government to reduce the country and
all its business and property to the condition which
a limited amount of currency of specie alone would
imply—that would be a very definite and intelligi-
ble object, namely: reversing the natural order of
things, and restricting the business to the currency,
instead of providing a currency for the business. Is
that intended! Are wc to have a pure specie cur-
rency only ? Are we to repudiate all credit in trade 1
To reject the advantages of civilization 1 To return
to the days of barbarism 1 For I hold it as certain
that commercial credit, with the co-operation of paper,
in the form of bills and notes, as the representative
of money or other property, is one of the results of
civilization; that by this, and this only, in the present
state of the world, can the complicated and wide-
spread affairs of commerce be prosperously conducted;
and that a paper medium of exchange is one of the
indices of legal stability and of well-ordered freedom
in the relations of society and of business. On the
other hand, in a state of barbarism, where every thing
is insecure, where man distrusts man, and Govern-
ment and its subjects alike distrust each other,—
there is the proper state for a pure specie currency;
for he who sells, will sell for nothing but what is
immediate and tangible; and he who accumulates,
will accumulate only that which is material, and so
not subject to the chances of legal and social vicissi-
tudes. Thus it is, that, in some parta of Asia, the
rich man invest* his wealth in diamonds and other
gems, which he may conceal from the rapacity of
bis fellow-men and of his Government, because he
can trust nobody. Is this what the Administration
or its friends desire for the United States 1 I cannot
believe it I the rather imagine that those persons
who reason in this sense, and who labor to this end,
are actuated by a sort of monomania, and are be-
wildered by strong mental delusion.
It is conceded, however, by the President, and by
the more rational of his friends, that an exclusive
specie currency is impossible if it were desirable,
and undesirable if it were possible. There is to
continue to be, as now, a mixed currency of specie
and of paper; and the people are to have, not specie
only, nor Government paper only, but something
else.
But if the Government are to Have Government
paper and «.pecie onLy, and the people something
else, then is the Government independent of the
people, as I have laid from the outset—not in its
Treasury only, but in its^eurrency also ; and that
as a permanent system of policy.
And what is the assumed relation between the
two currencies t Why, that specie, the superior
currency, is to be for the Government; and that the
inferior currency of bank paper, drafts, and checks,
is to be for the people. Such is the theory preached
to us, and such is the precise point to which the
theory brings us. And will the people of the United
States submit to this 1
I have been accustomed to think that the very
essence of democracy consisted in the identification
of the Government with the people. This idea of
the separation of them—of the giving to the Govern-
ment either an independent place of deposite for the
public revenues, or an independent currency, or in-
dependence of the people in any thing else—is a
new scheme of democracy altogether. To be sure,
there is* enough of this among those " opulent and
enlightened Governments of .Europe" to which Mr.
Woodbury refers. There, the Government and the
people are more or less separate in their interests.
In some, the governed have extorted from the gov-
ernors, the hereditary princes and nobles of the land,
a portion of political right, as in the constitutional
-monarchies of Europe; in others, none at all, as in
those Asiatic communities where all men (except
the prince) arc equal, because all men are inferior,
and alike without rights. There the Government is
independent of the people. But the United States
compose a republic of associated republics. Oar po
Meal organization is republican; our social organi-
zation is democratic; and all the influences which
pervade the country, social and political, are dem>
cratic.   And the dearest value of our institutions
res*s in the principle that the governors and governed
9X0 identified in their interests; that the least move-
ment which stirs in the heart beats responsively
though the whole frame, and the least touch on a
single member sends a sympathetic throb to the heart.
Government and people should sail in the same boat,
to sink or swim together. And yet this Administra-
tion, professedly, and of set purpose, undertakes to
divorce the Government from the people in the mat-
ter of currency; to give to the Government a sepa-
rate and independent currency; and to do this, for-
sooth, in imitation of the separation policy of those
very monarchies of the Old World, whose political
institutions are (or should be) a name of abomination
to every true-hearted American!
This Administration idea of the independency of
the Government, of its separation from the people,
dates from the message of the extra session of the
last Congress. It proceeded on the assumption that
the Federal Government had no power to do any
thing for the people. For, if the President had ad-
mitted the existence of a power to act, he could not
have resisted the force of the obligation of the Gov-
ernment to use that power for the relief of the peo-
ple, in the midst of evils the existence and magni-
tude of which he has conceded. But, he said, the
people were in the habit of expecting too much from
the Government, which, in the present case, had no
power to act.
The theory and the action of the last President
had been the reverse of this. He not only assumed
the power of the Federal Government to operate on
the currency, but he was perpetually overacting;
claiming the right, and admitting the duty, and ar-
guing upon the policy of the Government, in this
matter, throughout the controversy with the United
States Bank.
Into the constitutional question of the power of
the Federal Government in relation to the currency,
I will not enter now; but I cannot forbear to point
out the fallacy of an assumption which runs through
all the discussions of the Administration and its
friends. They talk perpetually of specie as the cur-
rency of the Constitution. I ask them to show me
the word currency any where in the Constitution.'
It is not there, either in express language or by allu-
sion. There was a bank paper currency in the coun-
try when the Constitution came into being, which
thfi Constitution left untouched. It did not in ex-
press terms provide any currency. It left this for
the people or for Congress to provide. A11 it did in
regard to specie yrnmt in tfc« fiul [ilitl'l1, tolortnd the
States to coin money, or to make any thing but gold
and silver a tender in payment of debts; and, in the
second place, to authorize Congress to coin money,
and to regulate the value thereof or of foreign coin.
That is, it fixed a standard 6f value, by which all
contracts were to be regulated and prices measured.
But it did not provide that coined money—our own
or that of foreign countries—should be the currency
of the United States.
I repeat that I do not intend to enter into any ex-
hibition of my own Constitutional opinions in this
relation. But the context leads me to investigate
further the question of what opinions the Adminis-
tration holds in the matter, and what its conduct is,
compared with its professed opinions.
After the many disavowals on the part of the Ad-
ministration of all power to regulate the currency, or
otherwise to interpose in that behalf for the benefit
of the people, does the Administration, in its advo-
cacy of this measure of an Independent Treasury,
act or speak as if it had no such power 1 On the
contrary, the messages of the President are full of
discussions on the currency question and the banks;
Mr. Cambreleng's report is replete with considera-
tions of general policy; and all the speeches and
newspapers on that side of the question are stark
mád with clamor against banks and bank paper. But
if your power stops at the point of making some fis-
cal provision for the mere selfish wants of the Treas-
ury, why do you not stop there in your discussions 1
If you have no power over the currency, then you
have no business to meddle with it; if it is not your
duty to act, then it is your duty to abstain. If Con-
gress cannot legislate on any given subject, it has no
right to agitate on that subject. The abolition ques
| tion is an example.   Be consistent, then,   Why, if
you have no power of legislation to relieve the peo-
ple from a disordered currency, and to provide them
a better, do you perpetually lecture and exhort us
in regard to that which you profess to believe apper-
tains exclusively to the several States 1 Admitting
that you have no direct power, will you act by indi-
rection! That would be hypocritical as well as
unconstitutional and unjust
The Globe, last Tuesday, cited authority the very
highest—a private letter from General Jackson him-
self—to the effect that it was the object of this bill to
accomplish a great " financial currency and com-
mercial reform."
Let us have a distinct understanding on this point.
Are you engaged in organizing a proper fiscal ma-
chinery for the Treasury simply ? Or are you en-
gaged in a great commercial and currency reform 1
If so, by what means, direct or indirect 1 Have you
or have you not the constitutional power to direct,
regulate, and control the banks, and to reform and
establish the currency 1 If you have, say so. If you
have not, say so. The messages of the President
never cease to parade his denial of the power of Con-
gress in this matter. Are we to understand that,
though no direct power is given, the end is to be
reached indirectly, by the use of some other power 1
If you have the power, direct or indirect, to reform
the currency of the United States, that concedes the
whole question; and if you have the power, I call
on you to exercise it, and to bring in a bill at once,
expressly, for this " great financial, commercial, and
currency reform;" and let the interests of the people,
not those of the Government, be its primary and
principal end and aim. Hut if you have no such
power, then I protest against your talking and argu-
ing as if you had, and thus keeping the whole coun-
try in a perpetual fever of anxiety and agitation by
the discussion of that of which (as you pretend) the
Federal Government has no direct jurisdiction or
control. Be one thing or the other; and whichever
side you take in profession, take the same in action.
Your present course has the evils of both, without
the benefits of either.
If you persevere in the profession that you have
no éirect powers, then I demand of you to reflect
whether, according to your own doctrines, you have
any powers at all. I ask the gentleman from New
Hampshire (Mr. Athehton) to reflect on this. In
the last Congress, the House, on his motion, and by
a vote of nearly two-thirds, adopted a resolution be-
has no right to do that indirectly which it cannot do
directly." Does the Constitution give you power to
"unbank the banks" by direct legislation! No.
Then, "the agitation of the subject" here, "as a
means, or with'the view, of disturbing or overthrow-
ing that institution (banks) in the States, is against
the true spirit and meaning of the Constitution, an
infringement of the rights of the States affected, and
a breach of the public faith."
There is another question of power involved in
this bill, addressing itself more especially to the
ultra State rights school, if (without any disre-
spectful meaning) I may be allowed to use this ex-
pression.
The object of the bill, as described in the title, is
" to provide for the collection, safekeeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public revenue." No ex-
press power appears in the Constitution to pass a
bill of such a description; but it results from the
express power given to Congress to raise and employ
a revenue, and the power to pass all laws needful to
the due execution of other specific powers. The
precise thing, as we have seen, which the bill pro-
ceeds " to provide," is a system of individual agents
for the " safekeeping" and the «transfer" of the
revenue, and the exclusion of bank paper in its
"collection" and its "disbursement," Such are the
immediate objects and the provisions of the bill in
terms. It is, in the letter, a mere revenue measure.
But what is it in spirit and ultimate purpose 1 All
the Executive messages and all the speeches and
reports in Congress imply  and Gen. Jackson ex-
pressly says, it is to effect a great " commercial and
currency reform." It is for this that banks and bank
paper are to be repudiated in all the transactions of
the Treasury. The Government is to receive and
pay specie only, in order (indirectly) to reform thfe
